“Oh my god,” John mumbled, “it is so good to see you alive. Don’t pull a stunt like that ever again.”
Matt, who kept silent so far, spoke up. “Johnny, what is this all about? You are in trouble?”
He needed to call in a favour. He once saved the life of Matthew Tennant. Matt had been his superior on his first tour to Afghanistan. During his first assignment, Matt had made a mistake, which led his squad into danger. He had been willing to sacrifice his life, so that his team could escape. John, still young and eager, had fought at his side, despite clear orders, and had saved the situation and all of his comrades’ lives. At the beginning, Matt had been furious with him, later on, Matt became thankful. In the end, he promised to repay him. They finished their first tour together, but they only met once later on for a beer, despite both being Londoners. John would never have thought he would need a favour. But now was the time.
Mycroft fiddled with the shiny black handle of the umbrella. “We always knew Moriarty was big. But this goes beyond anything we had imagined. We are certain, that we have zeroed in on the main players now. But I didn't come to chat. I have a job for you.”
John struggled to stand up. They needed to keep dry and contain body heat. He cursed himself that he had never asked Sherlock how to get out of handcuffs. Sherlock was fascinated by them and there was always a pair laying about at Baker Street. It was a hobby of his to unlock them.
If he was lucky, the clinic had already wired his last earnings to his account. Best case: he was just broke. Worst case: he had debts with horrendous interest rates.
Molly fished out her mobile from her handbag. Her hands froze. She had no valid number of Sherlock's anymore. She didn’t want to call the general police hotline, because she had no way of explaining the urgency or the seriousness of the kidnapping. She scrolled through her contacts. Greg Lestrade was the best option to call. The voicemail sounded over the phone on the first ring. Molly swore and hung up. She retried but got the same result, but she left a short message.
“What?” John spoke, watching the brothers.
Curtain rises: Enter John...
In the meantime, afternoon had turned into evening. Sally said her goodbyes first and went back to the office. The Moriarty business had created a lot of paperwork. Mycroft packed everyone else into his car. The first stop was at Baker Street. Mrs Hudson, Sherlock and John were glad to be home again. Molly’s apartment was the next stop. She was looking forward to a nice and relaxed evening. She conveniently forgot the taser in Mycroft’s car. Greg just took up Mycroft’s offer again and tagged along to his guest room in Mycroft's mansion.
Mycroft coordinated the round up of supporters in many offices and agencies across the UK and Europe. The problem was that not only police officers were part of Moriarty’s web. Also politicians, judges and journalists worked for Moriarty. But with all the undercover work and informal networks Mycroft, Greg and Sally started to close in on them. They soon could take the final steps.
“Pick him up, we need to hurry,” she ordered. Something heavy was dumped beside him. He was lifted up and carried over someone’s shoulder out of his cell. With the sound of the door closing, he lost his consciousness.
Greg opened the next folder, containing the photos from the phone. The time stamps of the photos spanned over one year. He took a deep breath before opening the oldest. It showed a snapshot of a detail he couldn't recognize. He exhaled slowly. He clicked through the photos: Blurry details, licence plates, foot prints, stone and gravel, scratches of surfaces, mud blotches, grass stains, and so on. Greg had the urge to giggle. He couldn't decide if those photos proved it was Sherlock’s phone or not. But what other photos had he expected on the phone. Holiday pictures?
“John,” he started, hands making small, nervous gestures as he didn’t know where to put them. “Are you…is this what you really want?”
John grumbles slightly under his breath before he decides to just let it go.  He spends a few moments silently watching Sherlock work, dark head bent low over his paper in concentration.  Sherlock’s skin is so pale and smooth that John’s fingers twitch with the desire to reach out and touch him, run the tips across Sherlock’s cheekbone and down the soft skin of his neck.  He wants to dip his fingers into the open collar of the button down shirt Sherlock is currently wearing and feel the bones of his clavicle, press kisses to his sternum.  He wets his lips and realises that his mouth has gone dry.
“I don’t do that.”
He surprises them both.
Breakfast isn’t as eventful as it had been the previous morning (John is a man, not a machine, after all) but he does end up swallowing a pill before his meal.  It is his last day with Sherlock, and he knows that they will be practically inseparable.  He can feel it in the way that the two of them cling to each other, in the way they lie next to each other.  It is blatantly apparent in the way that they sit close to one another on the sofa as they watch some horrible telly programme that neither one of them is really paying attention to, and the way that they rearrange themselves into John’s too-small chair.  John knows that he wants to spend as much time as he can today fucking Sherlock.
He liked to use that to his advantage whenever he could.
, and a shiver runs through Sherlock’s body unexpectedly.
While they stand there scowling at each other, John’s phone chirps once again.  As he takes it out one more time to look at it, he sees Mycroft sneer at him like he has won some unstated game between the two of them.
He received an answering smile and small peck on the lips in response.
“And it’s not my fault the milk goes off,” Sherlock says with a scowl.  “Maybe it’s just bad milk.”
John’s grip on the back of the sofa tightens at the sound and he fucks into Sherlock’s face harder, faster.
“Yes, well, I’m sure your kid will get used to dealing with those kinds of people,” the man said in his weasely voice, and Sherlock stopped moving and stood still, turning back around slowly as Anderson continued, “what with his daddy being a psychotic, self-absorbed, drug addict. He’ll have to get used to all sorts of disappointments in his life.”
As John lifts him now, it is slightly awkward regardless of his weight; Sherlock is nearly the same height as John and he brings his long legs up to hook together behind John’s back, but the man is only moving them the short distance to the bed, so none of that really matters.
“Sherlock, I won’t force you to eat all of your food every day, but I’m not going to sit by and let you fill your body with junk.  If you want sweets, you are going to have to eat something nutritious first, even if it is just a little bit.”  His voice and his eyes soften as he looks down at Sherlock.  “I’m not asking a lot from you, love.”
He went up to his bedroom willingly enough, leaving all of the gifts downstairs for John to sort out except for two things: the violin and the picture frame.  Those two presents he crushed in the tight circle of his arms, squeezing them against his rounded belly, as he scrambled carefully up the stairs with his hoard, breathing a sigh of relief when he entered his blissfully empty bedroom.  He took a moment to let the stillness and quiet soak into him before he was making his way across the room, setting his violin down gently on the bed and sitting beside it, long legs hanging over the edge of the mattress and settling softly on the floor.
“Sherlock, you…you…” his mouth opens and closes repeatedly, no sounds coming out.  He can’t believe what has just happened; he doesn’t even have words for how angry he is right now.
“Well, most of it doesn’t have an address label—just a name, since the letters were just getting dropped off at the pro-Synath headquarters,” Anthea replied, lifting her hands to reveal a huge stack of letters clutched between her perfectly manicured fingers.  “They are the ones who brought it to Mr. Hol—er, Mycroft, earlier today.”
At that, Sherlock opened his eyes and looked across the room at John.  The doctor was bending down, hunched over as he tried to reach deep inside the safe, rummaging through all of the loose papers and the thick notebooks, not emerging again until he pulled out two guns, one in each hand.
“Okay, all right, baby,” John soothes, carding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair some more, letting them slip down the pale neck and stroke over the warm skin there tenderly.  “Shh, it’s all right.”
John thinks it’s strange, but he has learned to deal with it over the months that he has known Sherlock.  Since meeting Sherlock at the secondary school and getting closer to him, John has made it his mission to find foods that Sherlock will enjoy and will want to eat on a regular basis.  It has been an ongoing battle, but the slight spreading of Sherlock’s slim waistline is all the motivation John needs to continue doing it.
get his bum reddened (which John knows are bound to happen) John wants to be sure that Sherlock is always,
“Hold yourself open for me, Sherlock, just like this,” John says, voice gone dark and husky, his free hand moving to position Sherlock and show him what to do.  “I’m going to spank your little hole.  If you’re good for me, Daddy will kiss it afterwards and make it feel better, all right?”
As John continued to get dressed and Callum’s cries continued to blare loudly over the speaker of the small baby monitor, Sherlock fell backwards into the mattress, his hands coming up to pull at his dark hair in desperation.  “Oh, God,” he groaned as his still hard cock bobbed uncomfortably at his movements.  “What have we done?  We are never going to be able to have sex again, are we?”
For a second Sherlock simply looks at him, as if contemplating the factors, weighing his options.  John can practically see the gears turning in that great big mind of his.  And then he seems to make up his mind rather abruptly because he suddenly nods his head in a jerky, decisive manner and says, in a crisp, clear voice, “All right, then.”
“No, just as it is,” John says, and Sherlock hesitates for only a moment while looking at John before finally nodding his head, giving in and writing down the rule without arguing.
“It won’t be a lot,” John promises.  He knows the secret to getting Sherlock to eat is to give him small portions, sneak him food bit by bit.
This is too hard.  This is too hard and he just can’t do it anymore.  It’s too painful.  He never should have done it in the first place.
“Yes,” John agrees with a smile.  “It is.  And I can always tell when you’re ready for me; your body goes slack and pliant against mine.  It’s like you’re giving yourself up to me completely.  Just like that,” John says, and Sherlock can feel it, too—the way he relaxes, opens up fully.  Interesting.  He has never paid so much attention to his body before, never really thought to, and it surprises him that John obviously has, that John can read him like a book.
John huffs beside him, shuffling his feet in his irritation.  His aluminium cane scrapes along the ground gratingly.  “And how could you possibly know that?” he asks, annoyed.
Sherlock’s answering smile is shy, with an accompanying blush.  They continue walking, and John can’t help but notice that Sherlock’s eyes constantly stray to their connected hands, as if he is reassuring himself that it is real.  He squeezes Sherlock’s fingers again to show him that it most certainly is real, and it is not going to stop anytime soon.  John had told him they could do this all day long, after all.
feels like eating it, and God help John if he tries to get Sherlock to completely finish what is on his plate, no matter how small of a bite is left.
“You’re not going anywhere,” Sherlock tells him matter-of-factly.  His tone is deadly serious and John doesn’t try to fight him.  He doesn’t really want to leave the boy anyways.  “You’re staying right here with me.  And I don’t have anything else to say so would you kindly just get on with it?”  The last part is directed towards the doctor.
John walks out of the kitchen because if he doesn’t, he thinks that he might just have a stroke.  He looks around the disaster of their sitting room and decides that it doesn’t help.
But he couldn’t kid himself into thinking that he felt better now that everything was out in the open.
Sherlock looks so indecent in the position that John has put him in—face pressed against the pillows and arse in the air, legs spread wide at the knees—that John thinks that he will never ever let Sherlock up again.  Sherlock’s thighs are sinewy and hard, the tendons showing through as his muscles hold up most of his weight because Sherlock doesn’t have an ounce of fat on him anywhere.  His thighs are already starting to tremble, but John thinks it might be from arousal and anticipation more than anything else.  He follows the lines of Sherlock’s legs and his eyes drift up to the juncture where they meet at Sherlock’s groin.  Sherlock’s cock is hanging thick and heavy in between his thighs, already full despite the fact that John hasn’t even started prepping him yet.  There is a tiny bead of precome that sits at the tip of his prick, too small now to drip down onto the bed.  John has the overwhelming urge to run his finger through it and smear the liquid around the crown, so he does.  Sherlock shudders and John’s finger trails upwards, on the underside of Sherlock’s cock, up and up and up to his wrinkled scrotum.  The skin there is tight but not completely drawn up yet; he can still use the boy a bit before Sherlock is ready to come.  He rolls Sherlock’s bollocks between his fingers for a second, gently.  He wants to kiss the wrinkled skin, so he does that, too, leaning in close and mouthing at the excess flesh, his nose pressed against Sherlock’s perineum.
As Dr. Greenwhich stood talking to John about the surgical procedure and helping the blonde man into the standard issue blue surgical gown that was required for people going into the O.R to observe a Caesarian, one of the nurses escorted Lestrade out of the temporary hospital room that they had wheeled Sherlock’s bed into, before taking him to the O.R.
Sherlock swirls his tongue around the tip of the head like John did to him earlier, but doesn’t go past the crown.  His movements are jerky and unsure, but the warmth and wetness of his mouth more than make up for that, and he seems eager enough to learn what John likes.
But the boy is already gone.  He has made his way out the bedroom door and John can hear him shuffling about in the sitting room, opening drawers and moving what sounds like the coffee table across the floor, no doubt scraping Mrs. Hudson’s hardwood.  John sighs in frustration and crawls out of the body-warm bed, following after his little lover.
“Good, yes.  Shh, don’t worry,” Sherlock soothes him, because John has started to make little whining noises deep in his throat.  “I’ll give you what you need.”
“My day went well, too.  I think this move was a good choice, Mary.  I really feel like—”
Strange, the pair of them.  John firmly believes that no one is better suited to each of them than the other is.
And then, suddenly, Sherlock’s mouth was no longer pressing against his own, and Sherlock’s body was no longer pressing against his body. He opened his eyes to see where the other man had gone, and his gaze travelled downwards, to see the tall brunette man crouched on his knees on the floor, Sherlock’s large hands yanking his trousers and pants down to pool around his ankles, leaving his erect dick uncovered and exposed.
He comes over his hand, feeling it dribble warmly down his fist, squeezing tightly on the shaft and not moving for fear of over-stimulating himself.  With his eyes closed he can’t see John, but he can feel the man pulling away from him, kneeling down on the floor in front of him and bending over, taking the swollen, come covered head of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth gently.
It’s not much to look at.  It is a plain, battered old box, the kind one might find an older gentleman’s pocket watch in.  The lid is hinged, but so rusted that the metal is almost completely black.  When John opens up the box for Sherlock to see the contents inside, the bottom of the box is covered with a raised velvet lining.  The lining is the same dull, dirtied brown colour as the outside of the box, which may have been maroon at one point.  Underneath the lid, sitting on the raised velvet lining, are two circular, engraved metal disks speckled with dirt and grime, and threaded through a silver ball chain.
Sherlock seemed unable to take his eyes away from it.  Even when he spoke his gaze was on it, as if he was talking to John’s dick and not the man himself.  “At least now I know why you think it’s so bloody special.”
John pulls his hand out against a sound of protestation from Sherlock, still face-down and practically boneless on the table below him.  He looks down at the hand that has just been inside his lover, gauging the amount of residual lubrication that he sees leftover from the toy.  He spits into his hand, a rather disgusting amount that rewets the lube.  Sherlock is stretched and still slightly wet with lube from the toy, and John can feel how pliable the muscle under his fingers is.  He has never been one to enjoy the feel of nothing but spit slicking his cock, or think that it is a proper lubricant, but with the mixture of Sherlock’s open and wet hole, he knows that they can do this as long as he is careful with Sherlock.
Lestrade’s hand gripped his tighter now, and it may have just been the alcohol and the crowd in the pub but it seemed as if the space between the two men was closing, and they were getting closer to each other. “I would never think of hurting you like he has, John,” Lestrade was saying softly, and John was surprised to find that he could smell Lestrade’s aftershave, even through the smoke of the pub, and that he could feel the heat coming off of the other man, and suddenly there were lips pressing up against his own, and his mind went blank at the feel of the unfamiliar pressure against his mouth, so different from Sherlock’s.
“Need you, Daddy,” Sherlock whispers against John’s lips, so softly that John would have missed it had it not been for Sherlock saying the words directly against his mouth.
“Sunday as well?” Sherlock prods, a concerned look on his face.
Sherlock, not liking the fuss John was making, put down his fork rather forcefully. “I could not, if you would prefer.”
“God, John!” Mary yells, tangling her hands in her short hair and pulling, a habit she has picked up whenever she is frustrated and angry.  “I didn’t text him or ring him, okay?  I didn’t give him my number.  I don’t know how he got it or why he decided to text me.  I let you move me away from my home, my job, and my friends.  I let you change my mobile number.  Why would I do all of that just to have him ring me again?”
“I want to make love to you,” John tells him, barely pulling away from his mouth.  “Can I?”
Dazed, John took a moment to look around him. Still faces—smiling, comforting—surrounded him, not shouting stupid questions or curses at them. The people around them were quiet and unmoving, not trying to keep him and Sherlock from entering their flat but actually opening a way for them.
let out a choked sob—most certainly not.  His prick gives a painful throb as he sits there dumbly, holding his mobile and trying to decide what to do.  He figures he can at least start the video over again and try to finish to it, although he knows it is doubtful—he wants to see Sherlock come, wants to hear Sherlock as he orgasms.  John knows that is the only thing that will finish him off right now.
“What is?”  John tries not to think about how much the man standing before him reminds him of Sherlock.
“John, look at me,” Sherlock instructs him, and it is strange to be the one taking orders for once.  John complies, though, and lifts his head, allowing Sherlock to turn his face so that John is looking directly at him, staring into fathomless quicksilver eyes.
“Yes, Sherlock.  Just the weekend, I promise,” John reassures him.  It won’t be any different from every other weekend; the two never spend Fridays and Saturdays out together.  Those evenings are too busy for anonymity and are universally considered “date nights”, so John has made a point to steer clear of them.  Besides, if John goes “out with Mike to the pub” every weekend, Mary would certainly become suspicious.  There are just certain things early middle-aged, married men don’t do and that is one of them.  Going to the pub a couple of times during the middle of the work week to blow off some steam is expected; going out every single weekend alone with just one mate is not.
Even now, after their long day at Scotland Yard and their tiring shopping expedition, John was taking them to a vegan restaurant for lunch.
“Daddy—” Sherlock starts but John is already one step ahead of him.
John looks down at him and has the sudden impulse to tell him
“Are you going to listen to me if we do this, Sherlock?” John asks, meaning the spanking.  He’ll be damned if he is going to go through all of the trouble, just to have Sherlock bratty and pouty at the end of it all.
is going to be here.  Don’t start with that,” he chastised harshly.
“Baby, I’m not gonna—” John grits out, unable to even finish his sentence.  “I can’t…”
There was a grunt above him and he heard his name whispered between heavy breaths, and suddenly Sherlock’s hands were on the back of his head and Sherlock’s hips were bucking up into his mouth and John was taking all that Sherlock was giving him and swallowing every last drop.
of all people—had more sense than to do something like this.  That pill was a radical, experimental drug that John—and he had thought everyone else, as well—felt was unsafe and senseless.
“Do you want me to?” John asks, still slightly confused.  He thought that most people who were into this sort of thing liked it specifically because it ended in sex all of the time.  He is surprised to find that Sherlock is interested in getting something else entirely out of this game.
“What’s wrong?” the tattooed man’s older friend said mockingly, chuckling darkly.  “We just wanna play wich’ ‘ou a bit.”  Sherlock could smell the alcohol coming off of him, too, and he watched the men carefully as they inched their way closer to him.
There is no hesitation in John’s movements as he walks over to their bed and climbs back into it, crawling into the warm, sleep-softened circle of Sherlock’s arms.  Sherlock holds him tightly, squeezing John around his slightly rounded middle, long fingers tracing every scar that they can touch through the thin white vest that John is wearing now.  His fingertips leave burning trails of fire on John’s skin that send shivers of warmth through his old, battered body.
“Jesus,” John whispers into Sherlock’s hair.  “I just assaulted you.  I
“Does that feel good, pet?” he asks, smirking.  He already knows it does, but he likes to hear Sherlock talk while he is out of his mind with arousal.
Sherlock hadn’t asked him to do it; in fact, Sherlock had said that John didn’t have to.  But John had been disgusted with himself, with the fact that he could do something like that to Sherlock.  Sherlock had been hurt too much in his life already by people who were supposed to love and care for him.  John would be damned if he was going to be one of them, too.  So he gave up drinking.  He’d give up anything for Sherlock: drinking, his wife, a good life after no one would hire him as a doctor, a steady career after his medical discharge from the Army.
He doesn’t have any time to clean out his car, so he settles for throwing a couple of blankets over his seats so that their clothes don’t get dirty from the excess powder that had fallen off of him while he had driven back from Sherlock’s.  Mary stays thankfully silent about the whole thing, not even asking questions, and they make the drive over to Mike’s in a thick silence that John doesn’t even notice because the entire time he is thinking of Sherlock.
“I, uh,” Sherlock clears his throat and looks away, picking at the hem of his shirt.  “I think I wouldn’t mind terribly if you were to discipline me…on occasion…
“I think we both know the answer,” Mycroft announced, sounding almost pleased to have made his point so effortlessly.  “You are a man of medicine, and I know what you think of this pill.  Unsafe and hazardous and unpredictable.  There is no way you would have let Sherlock take it, even to give you something that you so desperately want.  Sherlock knew this.  And so he took the decision out of your hands, Dr. Watson.  You get all of the rewards without any of the guilt, now.”
They wake up still tangled in each other.
Dr. Greenwhich only chuckled softly again.  “We have to determine your blood type, Rh factor, and see if you are iron-deficient.”  He gently pushed Sherlock to lie back on the rickety, still-too-small exam bed and the brunette man went down unwillingly.  “We will also test it for sexually transmitted disease—don’t worry, its standard procedure—and immunity to Rubella.  We will look for other ethnic-specific genetic diseases, as well.  And we will need to take a urine sample to test your glucose, protein, red and white blood cells, and bacteria levels.”
Against him Sherlock stiffens indignantly, trying to pull away from John, and squawks, “I don’t try to cock things up!”
“I don’t believe this,” John murmured as he opened up the last letter and read the note inside, from a homosexual man who told them that his husband had been beaten to death by gay rights protestors two years ago, urging John and Sherlock not to let anybody ruin their lives and the life of their child.  “This is incredible.  These people…they don’t even know us.  Why are they doing this for us?”
Sherlock does.
“What about you?” he asks suddenly, clearing his throat and licking his lips.
that, that John had more than likely been the one to ask Sherlock for such treatment.
John chuckles as he takes the large fruit from him, mindful of its hard skin.  “You have to cut into them.  With a knife,” he explains.  “Come on, we’ll need a proper worktop, not your desk.”
“I won’t, John,” Sherlock says with a shake of his head, eyes wide and hair wild, flying about his face.  “I won’t hurt you like that.  Ever.  I’m sorry I let him—”
He hadn’t meant to come here.  Truly, he hadn’t.  But even as he stood on the sidewalk and stared at the building he began to realize that he didn’t have anywhere to stay, and that he could really use a friend at that moment.
it.  On what Sherlock could be getting out of his side of it.  Yes, Sherlock was certainly right when he told John that the man was intrigued by the whole “daddy kink” idea because he is a natural caregiver and he has a penchant for dominance and control, but Sherlock has never mentioned what made
It was getting increasingly harder to think when the brunette man noticed that John was wearing one of Sherlock’s favorite shirts on him. The red plaid button-down that was just so…
“Who said that I was leaving?” John asks with a warm smile, rubbing his nose into Sherlock’s messy hair.  He wraps his arms tighter around Sherlock, holding him closer to his bed-warm body.  He has every intention of staying with Sherlock through the night, and he wants his student to know it.  He wants Sherlock to be able to feel it in the looseness of his limbs and muscles.  “I’d do anything for you, Sherlock,” John whispers into dark hair, blending black into the shadows around them.  He kisses Sherlock’s head and strokes his fingers along the body against him, touching everywhere.  Sherlock practically melts into him, sighing softly against his neck.  “Anything.  All you ever have to do is ask.”
Sherlock was slightly surprised by the doctor’s words.  “Is that standard procedure?”
Sherlock’s body strains against a sharp jolt of arousal as he pinches down lightly on the head of his cock.  “You kiss me,” he tells John, finally opening his lovet eyes and looking at the man next to him, imploring him to do something, anything.
“Keep reading,” Sherlock whispers, bringing his other hand up now to stroke John’s prick as he continues playing with John’s balls softly, rolling them in between his fingers and pinching the loose skin gently, delicately.  John looks down at his lap and catches a glimpse of a dark, curly head hovering over his suddenly very-stiff prick before Sherlock’s hot, wet mouth descends on him, taking the head of his cock in.
stuff like that!”  His fist hits the flat surface of Sherlock’s desk on his last word, sending the boy’s science equipment rattling about.  Sherlock jumps in his seat, looking up at John for what seems like the first time since the man came into the room.
.”  He shakes his head to drive his point home but also to clear his suddenly panicky and jumbled thoughts.  “I’m just saying, it’s all fine.”
And when John wanted to take their relationship to the next, inevitable level, Sherlock found that he hadn’t wanted to say no, even though he knew this was going to happen.
“John—” Sherlock’s voice was ragged sounding on the other end, and John stroked himself furiously to the thought of Sherlock lying on their bed, opening himself up and finger fucking himself.
He starts to notice, though, that once they have most of the ingredients in the bowl and they are mixing for the last time, Sherlock begins to have some trouble using his left hand on the thick batter.  However, he won’t switch back to his right.  John huffs out a laugh and reaches out to grab the large bowl away from him, telling him as he does so,
“Trust fund?”
Instead of going home, John heads out to the pub.  He doesn’t bother asking Mike to meet him; he doesn’t want company right now.  All he wants is to be left alone to drown his misery in alcohol, and to think.  Think about the stupid choices he has made to put himself in this position, and what he needs to do to get his life back on track, back to something decent and whole and good.  His marriage is nothing more than a joke and a façade, he knows.  Sherlock leaving has made John realise that the teen is exactly the one thing that John doesn’t want to live without.
“I only drink it at night,” Sherlock informs him with a derisive sniff.  At least, it would be derisive if it wasn’t so wet sounding.  The cold seems to be getting the better of the thin boy.
“Yes, you are,” Sherlock reaffirms.  “You’re weak, John!  That’s why everyone walks all over you!  Your bosses back in London did it—that’s why you couldn’t find steady work there.  Your colleagues here do it, your wife does it.  God, even your wife’s lovers do it!  They ring her up and you just give her their numbers!  You’re pathetic!” he yells, and the look on his face is so similar to the one that Mary gives him that it makes John’s stomach roil.  “No wonder she cheats on you!”
“It’s all right, sweetheart.  I’ve got you,” John says, pumping their cocks together.  The speed has been somewhat hindered by Sherlock’s weight against him, but he doesn’t mind in the least.  He keeps fingering Sherlock with one hand while he lets his hips and the force of his thrusts push their cocks through his other hand.  “Come for me, Sherlock.  Come on, baby, come for me.
John stared at him for a long moment, face blank and eyes empty of all emotion, uncommon for the blond man.  But he stood before Sherlock, unmoving still, and Sherlock tried with all of his might to read John’s thoughts in the look on his face, the set of his shoulders, the grim line of his mouth.
“Sherlock…” John doesn’t know what to say.  He puts his hands around Sherlock’s upper arms, trying to lift him away.  He doesn’t know if he wants to hug Sherlock, push him back, give him to Mycroft, make him leave…
This was madness.  He couldn’t believe how agitated the crowd was getting.  There was no way—
He leans over Sherlock and fumbles with the bottle of lube that is ever ready on Sherlock’s bedside table, spilling the contents over his fingers and wetting his hand.  John pushes three fingers into Sherlock for a brief moment, stretching him wide, before he pulls his hand away and strokes himself, slicking his cock.
“Oh, but that’s not all, is it?” Sherlock deduces, and he sounds somewhat startled, as if he is surprised that there is something more that he had not been able to see before now.  “She said something, didn’t she?” he asks.  A small frown furrows his brow and his mouth turns down at the corners.  “To you.  To lower your confidence in bed.”
“A consulting detective,” Sherlock whispers quietly into John’s scarred shoulder.  “I’ll be the only one in the world.”
…it is agony.
The thought alone was enough to make him want to vomit in nervousness and fear, but he spent the better part of most days trying not to think about it.
John hadn’t said anything about what had transpired with Lestrade the previous night, and Sherlock hadn’t asked.  They both simply skirted the issue and did their best to ignore it—except for Sherlock’s immature need to show the world that John was seemingly taken.
But Sherlock’s tone broached no argument, and John had learned over the years that Sherlock was keen on keeping his secrets just that—secrets, until the day he deemed the time had come to explain himself.
, John!” Sherlock repeats, screaming it this time.
“Fuck,” John curses, the torch falling to the ground with a clatter as John’s mouth falls open.
“Sherlock, you didn’t cut yourself there,” John chides with a small frown, though his own arousal spikes at seeing Sherlock’s mutual interest.
Sherlock nods his head, beyond words, but John isn’t quite done with him.  He wants to continue doing this, he wants to continue fucking Sherlock with his tongue.  It is filthy, and yet so intimate and loving.  John can imagine that the feel of his tongue in Sherlock is different from his fingers, slick and warm and wet with nothing but spit.  Under his mouth, Sherlock is completely open to him now, soft and lax.  The only thing hard and straining is his cock, engorged and a purplish-red colour.  John takes one more taste of him, pushing his tongue in deep and inhaling through his nose.  Sherlock smells of crisp soap and tastes like clean skin, and he moves his hips in frantic thrusts against John’s mouth as the man licks at his rim with hard, wet strokes of his tongue.
He settles back in bed, on his side this time, and moves Sherlock about until he is spooning the younger male, Sherlock’s back to his chest.  John shoves his discarded pants in front of Sherlock’s thighs, hoping that Sherlock won’t bunch them up as he writhes and that they will catch any semen that trickles over the lean, pale legs and down onto the bedding.  He doesn’t want to have to take the guest bed’s sheets down to get washed.  That would bring up some awkward questions, he knows.
Mike sighs and runs a hand through his messy brown hair.  “Fuck, John.  You had to pull me in on your lies?”  He pauses and gives John an angry glare.  “I have to tell you, I don’t much appreciate that.”
“Does it hurt, baby?” John asks as he grabs a handful of Sherlock’s arse and squeezes it lightly.
He runs a hand slowly up and down Sherlock’s hard cock, not gripping, simply touching, teasing, driving the boy crazy.
Is that a daddy kink?  Is it something else?  John has never thought of himself as having anything other than very vanilla sexual proclivities—bordering on boring, really—and he has always been okay with that.  He has been satisfied with his mediocre sex life with Mary for ten years, having gotten some of the more creative urges out of his system when he was younger.  But then Sherlock came in like a whirlwind and threw everything about, confusing the hell out of him and turning life-long habits on their heads.
“Hmm?” he presses, wanting to know, needing to hear her answer.  “What did I ever do to you?”
“But John,” Sherlock whispers, and the way he says John’s name—the soft, breathy emphasis he puts on it—has John glancing up from stepping into his trousers.  His eyes rake over Sherlock lying in bed, naked underneath the sheet and spreading his legs invitingly as he smiles at John and bites his lip.  “Wouldn’t you rather fuck me instead?”
“Is it because you…can’t?” John stumbles over his words.  He may be a doctor, and Sherlock knows that a clinical setting has a lot to do with being able to ask such personal questions, but this most certainly is not that.  “Physically, I mean?  I know you get hard, that happens every time, so I just don’t understand….” He trails off, and Sherlock can already hear the disappointment in his voice, that edge of sadness that will soon grow into confusion and blame.
Lying on the chair, Sherlock nodded, and John caught the quick glance of his eyes up to John’s, to be sure the doctor had not gone anywhere.
The third spin off in the daddy kink series will be posted in the upcoming days, though the timeline for that fic doesn’t necessarily fit in with the timeline for TBL.
Sherlock had told him many times in the past that John has control issues, and he is well aware that he has a temper.  He tries hard not to let these things show through in his everyday life, especially in his relationship with Sherlock, he swears he does.  But sometimes the kid just makes it so damn
And that’s when John notices that Sherlock is wearing the same clothes that John had seen him in the last time they had been together.  He is surprised, to say the least, but knows that Sherlock absolutely loathes doing his laundry, so it isn’t a stretch to assume that he is just re-wearing some of his outfits in a desperate attempt to not have to do the wash.  Which is fine, but it doesn’t explain why Sherlock is now darting across his room, going over to his desk to check something in one of the many notebooks littering any space left open by the tea cups before dashing off to his bedside table where there is a congealed mass of something disturbing-looking sitting amongst dirty mugs.  He seems to have completely forgotten that he has asked John a question and should be waiting for John’s response.
“Here.  Happy Birthday.”
“Well, I just came by to make sure everything was okay, Dr. Watson,” the head teacher is saying.  “If you need anything, just let us know.”  She gives him one more bright, charming smile and drops her voice just a tad lower.  “You know I’d be happy to help you with any problem you have.  You don’t have to worry about asking.”
“No,” Sherlock answers him quite simply from the other side of the door.  His voice sounds rather stuffed up.
Mary gives him a hard, calculating look, picking up her fork and taking a bite of her tiramisu.  “You’ve been in a foul mood all night.  Is everything okay?” she asks, and she actually sounds concerned for him.
“Again, Sherlock,” John commands him, and he reaches his hand out once more, fingers straining towards Sherlock’s mouth in a silent order.  “I want you to do it again.”
your kid,” Greg explained.  “Half his.  So only half parasite, then.”
“Good,” John tells him, thrusting his finger deeply in and out of the tight heat of his pliant body.  “That’s my good boy.  Only I can touch you here.”
He scissors his fingers and slips a third one in slowly, careful to be a little easier.  Sherlock moans and presses back against his hand, spreading his legs wider.  His fingernails bite into John’s bare shoulders so hard that the man is sure there will be marks left later.
Sherlock shifts uncomfortably in his lap, though, and John tries to focus on the moment.  Sherlock is obviously trying to talk about something he is embarrassed about, and John knows he should probably pay attention.  “Do you think I should take the tests again and get accepted somewhere else?”
“That sharp tongue of yours is good for more than just snarky comments and brilliant deductions,” John says vaguely but he knows that Sherlock understands just what he means, just what he wants.
John hums in agreement and rubs his hand in a slow circle over the pinkening flesh of Sherlock’s cheek.  “Good boy,” he says warmly, and Sherlock squirms in his lap.
He doesn’t want Sherlock to see him like this.  He doesn’t ever want Sherlock to see him like this.
“I went to go get milk.”
“No, I’m not,” Sherlock argues, trying to pull John back against him.
“I don’t
“Afraid?” John repeats, at a loss.  Sherlock is always so tempestuous that to see him afraid of something is strange; it doesn’t suit him.  Sherlock isn’t meant to be afraid of anything—Sherlock is meant to overcome every obstacle in his path.  “What are you afraid of, love?”
When he gets to the school, he immediately heads for the rugby field, where he knows Sherlock will be lurking, sucking on his usual morning cigarette.  John has seen him from across the field many times over the months that he has worked at the school.
John wraps his own hand around Sherlock’s, his grip cradling Sherlock’s as he holds tight to the chain around his neck, pulling it taut against his own skin.  The tiny balls dig deeply into the delicate, pale flesh of Sherlock’s neck and John gives it a gentle tug, watching in wonder as the chain digs deeper into Sherlock’s skin and he winces.
When the class is finally over he remembers to pull it out and check it.  It doesn’t surprise him to find five texts from Sherlock, each one sounding increasingly more agitated.
John fidgeted in Sherlock’s chair, suddenly unsure of what to do.  He wanted to ask the other man if he could…but Sherlock would probably only glare at him and say something biting, most likely about how John was ruining his chance to collect valuable information for his data by wasting Sherlock’s time trying to feel the baby for himself.
Christ!”  He turns back to his drink and downs his pint, half full, in one pull.  When he finishes it, he simply stares at into the empty glass, shaking his head.  He brings his hands up suddenly to press the heels of his palms into his eyes, lifting his glasses up in the process, and he groans.
Sherlock’s smile is so wide that John thinks it has to hurt.
!  Now!”
He sighed as the door opened and Anthea’s pretty, smiling face looked up at him from the depths of the car.  “Hello, Dr. Watson.  I’m to bring you in.”
Mycroft notices his younger brother’s display and lets his gaze linger over John and Sherlock.  What he sees between them, John doesn’t know, but it makes the edges of Mycroft’s thin lips tighten and causes a small frown to wrinkle his brow.
“You don’t have to be scared, Sherlock,” John whispered into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, and his warm breath sent shivers down the brunette’s spine, stirring his groin. “I’m sure our baby will be born perfectly healthy and utterly adorable. How could it not, with you as its father?”
“You shouldn’t laugh at crime scenes, Lestrade,” he said, and it was only because John had known him for so long that he could detect the hint of jealousy in the man’s deep baritone voice.  “It’s highly inappropriate, don’t you think?”
Sherlock scowls at the term and clenches around John’s cock, causing the other man to gasp and lose his train of thought for a moment.
He shook himself and immediately cut off that particular train of thought.  Sherlock didn’t like to plan anything.  He worked on cases and went where the clues took him and he
.  I love you.”  His hand wraps around Sherlock’s stiff length under his pyjamas, squeezing it too roughly to be pleasurable.  He can feel Sherlock’s knees buckle against him, the boy sagging along the wall.  John’s weight pressing into him is the only thing keeping him up.
John pulls out and comes across Sherlock’s lips and cheek, pulling at himself and panting as he looks down at the gorgeous vision below him.  Sherlock lies there motionless for John as he climaxes; the only movement of his body is his hand stroking over himself down the length of the sofa.  As he gets closer to his own orgasm, though, he stretches up and takes the head of John’s cock back into his mouth.  John makes a soft sound in the back of his throat and jerks at the slight over-stimulation, but lets Sherlock suck softly on the tip of his prick.
“I have killed greater men than you for far less,” he told them, the only warning they would get from him, and his voice was hard and cold, forehead furrowed deeply in concentration and stance tense against the kickback that he was preparing himself for.  “Your life means nothing to me.  It is as irrelevant as that bug crawling across the ground there.  An inconsequential blip on the radar of humanity and not worth my time to think about at all.”  He shook his head slightly, but kept his eyes on the sights.  “Don’t make me show you just how insignificant you are to me.”
John let out a moan, and Sherlock felt him pulling down his own pajama bottoms in the darkness of the room. When he was done, he took Sherlock’s off the rest of the way as well, attacking the man’s cock once more, and Sherlock had to stifle a gasp as John’s mouth worked on him.
A/N: I just want to take this moment to thank all the readers of this fic for the kudos and lovely comments.  They mean the world to me!  I know I haven’t said very much about the album that this story was based off of, but if you are really enjoying this fic, I would highly suggest giving the album a listen.  I tried to incorporate the essence of each song into the corresponding chapter for it, and I think at least a few of you out there will fall in love with the band.  So in case you forgot, the band’s name is Marianas Trench, and the album is ‘Masterpiece Theatre’.  Next chapter is ‘All To Myself’.
looking at Sherlock for the rest of the lesson.
“What are you doing, Sherlock?” he asked, his voice hoarse with exhaustion.  “Why aren’t you sleeping?”
“Yes,” Sherlock gasps as he rides John’s fingers.  He lifts his head off of John’s shoulder finally and throws it back, exposing the long line of his throat.  John stares at the pale expanse of flesh, follows it down to Sherlock’s chest, where John can see the outline of his pert little nipples standing out at attention under the thin material of his shirt.  He follows it down farther to the flat line of Sherlock’s belly, then down to the red, stiff length of his cock pressing hard between them, then down to Sherlock’s trembling thighs as the boy lifts himself up with each of John’s thrusts, only to grind back down onto John’s hand, rubbing John’s fingers against his prostate.  “
“Because, I—I just…” John trails off because he really doesn’t have an answer.  “It just makes me feel uncomfortable.  The whole thing is just bloody uncomfortable,” he says with a sigh and shake of his head, the moment gone now.
“Forget it, Sherlock. You don’t have to apologize.” He ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair and held on to the man tightly, wishing they could stay just as they were forever. “I’m sorry. And I…I love you, too.”
John is rough when he twirls Sherlock around, shoving the top half of his body down against the table that is now in front of him.  A soft sound of surprise leaves Sherlock’s mouth, but he doesn’t complain, doesn’t struggle as John presses one hand to the back of his shoulders, holding him down.  He simply pants against the flat surface of the table, the side of his face pressed to the worktop and his hands braced on either side of his head, arse exposed for John to see.
John doesn’t want to, but he can’t help himself when he ends up clinging to Sherlock desperately, shoving his dripping face into the crook between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder, smearing sweat and tears along Sherlock’s skin.  He heaves great gasping breaths that he tells himself aren’t sobs and tries to get himself under control.
“I think you have me mistaken for someone else,” Sherlock told him politely, making to turn away from the small group and continue on his way.  He had been confronted by so many strangers lately that he could tell with just one look which ones were going to offer comforting, encouraging words and which ones were going to curse at him and throw things.
What were they to do now?  Where were they to turn?  They had nothing if they didn’t have Baker Street.  There was absolutely nothing….
Although, he would be lying if he said that he wasn’t relieved to finally hear Sherlock’s voice once again.  “Yeah,” he said, filling a cup full of tea and stirring sugar into it, taking it back out into the living room and handing it to the brunette man silently.  “Glad you’re finally noticing.”
He plays the violin.
“Yes.”  He licks his lips nervously, waiting for her to respond.
Sherlock’s heart jumped into his throat and his mouth filled with bile at the thought of what these men could do to him, here in these back alleys where no one would see.  “Stay away from me,” he said, loudly and, despite the gun that he knew he could draw at any moment, his voice still shook slightly as trembles wracked his body from the cold wind blowing around him and the sudden terror at hearing the man’s words.
“No ‘buts’,” John cuts him off.  And then he goes for the finishing touch, the thing he knows will bring Sherlock up short.
“I’m sorry,” he says to Mary as soon as he enters his house later that night after leaving Sherlock’s.  He is covered for once in something other than come (or yeast) but still feels in desperate need of a wash.  The sticky juices of the pineapple cling sweetly to his skin and his clothes where they are stained despite having washed his hands at least half a dozen times.  He doesn’t know exactly what he’ll say to Mary if she asks where he went, because he can’t really come up with an excuse that involves a pineapple-related emergency, but he figures he’ll just have to try his best.
Sherlock whimpers at his words and John finally breaks away from his addictive mouth to trail kisses along his jaw line, down to his neck.  John turns them around so that he is pushing Sherlock towards the bed, lying him down underneath John and taking his shirt off slowly.  Below him, Sherlock spreads himself out and the man buries his face in the bare crook of Sherlock’s neck, breathing him in deeply.  Against the material of his own shirt, John can feel his nipples tighten from the scent of Sherlock surrounding him, he can feel his cock twitch in the confines of his trousers.  John trails loving hands down Sherlock’s bare torso, relishing the feel of him below John.  When John gets to the waistband of his jeans, his fingers play with the button and Sherlock thrusts his hips gently, seeking more friction.
John watches as Sherlock’s body trembles and then finally settles.  Then and only then does he dip the tip of more fingers in, two from each hand, to pry Sherlock’s arse cheeks gently apart, letting his fingertips slip smoothly into his wet, loose entrance.  John uses his fingers to stretch Sherlock open as wide as he can go and leaves a sucking kiss over his centre, dipping his tongue in to taste him deeply.
“I thought it was rather boring and tedious,” Sherlock stated, and John had to nudge him sharply in the side.  “But I guess some of the information was relevant.”
Sherlock gives him a blank stare, as if confused by John’s question.  “No,” he states plainly.  “Why would I?  These people are stupid and senseless enough as it is; they don’t need to hide behind ignorance as well.  I feel that I’m providing a public service.  They should be thanking me for enlightening them to all of their faults.”
“Feels too g-good, Daddy,” Sherlock bites out, squeezing his eyes shut as John thrusts into him particularly deep.  “Gonna…gonna…”
“Just stuff, Sherlock,” John said with a sigh, turning the page of the journal slowly.
They begin ripping at each other’s trousers and pants in the middle of the entryway, frantic and so, so desperate for one another.  John has him almost completely naked save for his underwear before he manages to tear himself away from Sherlock.
Sherlock gasps at the sudden feel of John bottoming out so quickly inside of him.  At the sound, John’s hand comes up to cup his face soothingly.  “Shh, relax baby.  Just relax.”
“I must warn you, though, Mr. Holmes,” Dr. Greenwhich said suddenly, voice not nearly as cheerful as it had been a moment ago.  “The chance for peritonitis is high if you wait too long after the signs of labor first appear.  You need to be sure that you come straight to the hospital if you even suspect that you have gone into labor.  Do you understand everything that I have explained to you, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock is too smart for his own good—always has been.
But all he could think of was the hundreds of possible ways that something bad could happen to his son, just from being in Sherlock’s mediocre care.
—do this to Sherlock.  And I know you wouldn’t either, when it came down to it.  I know you care too much about him, too.”
“Sherlock,” he says reprovingly, making his tone go hard and
“Were you serious about the dog?” Sherlock asks, voice breathless with happiness as they settle back into one another under the bedsheets, arms wrapping around shoulders and bodies to find the right spots to fit into.  “Because I might want a dog.”  There is a wide smile on his face that makes him look his age, like he doesn’t have a care in the world, and a light in his eyes that makes them sparkle in John’s mind.  Of course, John’s always been partial to Sherlock’s eyes, so he may be a bit biased.
“Dinner’s ready,” he calls as he pulls out Sherlock’s chair on one side of the table and then sits in the seat directly next to it, scooting close.  He hears Sherlock scramble up from the sofa and make his way to the table, slipping into his seat silently and waiting patiently as John goes about the ritual of preparing for the two of them to eat a meal together while they scene.
Sherlock takes a shaky breath and quietly writes down what John said without complaint.
John tries to hide a smile.  “And did it?”
“I have a feeling, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said, a look of contempt and frustration marring deep frown-lines on his face, “that we are going to be on the news tonight.”
“You know Greg doesn’t like to see the bruises,” John chastises as he makes his way uncomfortably to his chair.  He has never quite gotten used to the feeling of walking while he is filled with the plug.  When he reaches the seat, he sits down in it gingerly so that he doesn’t get it too dirty, being sure to keep his come-covered legs away from the fabric.
“No,” Sherlock answered simply.
“Fuck, love, you have to be still,” he pleads as his hands shoot up to grip Sherlock’s hips harshly.
, what is he doing?
. I got one whiff of that bloody chicken and this hellion inside of me went crazy.”
The blonde man quickly pulled his face away from Sherlock’s stomach and looked up at him, dark blue eyes wide with excitement and happiness.  “Sherlock, I felt him!” John exclaimed, a smile forming on his lips.
As John queues up to pay, he thinks about how Sherlock has always been a picky eater, ever since John has known him.  It’s not that Sherlock
“Sherlock, wait,” John said, raising his hands to stop Sherlock’s movements. The man hadn’t even prepared himself. He didn’t want Sherlock to hurt—
He pushed in slowly, carefully, enjoying the warm, tight heat of Sherlock’s body and trying not to hurt him.  It was still a bit of a stretch he knew, even with three fingers of preparation, but hopefully Sherlock was loose enough to not feel too much pain.
He growls and thrusts into Sherlock, pressing him into the bed harshly, pounding into him.  His hands on Sherlock’s hips make fluttering trails from Sherlock’s plump arse cheeks up to his back, then to his shoulders, and finally up to his neck.  John wants to grab Sherlock, spread him open, pin him down, but he doesn’t have enough fucking hands for everything he wants to do to him.  Not unless…
As all words and thoughts left him, he let his silence and a rare, genuine smile say everything that he could not convey to the large group of people standing around him, supporting him, holding him up at such a difficult, trying time in his life.  And John stood beside him the whole time, offering his own support and comfort as people came to speak to them about the happiness a baby would bring into their lives, and tell them how sorry they were for the couple’s recent troubles.
“If he didn’t love it so damn much, I would make you stop.”
“Do you want to know the best part?” Sherlock asks as he pulls away, a sly smile on his wicked lips.
“What are you talking about?” Sherlock asks, looking as if he is growing bored with John’s silly little game.
“Mm-hm,” Sherlock whines with a small nod.
Because he couldn’t do this on his own.
“Interesting,” Sherlock says cryptically as he turns his head straight up again so that he is staring at the ceiling now and not at John.
So why isn’t he turning around and walking away?  Why is his heart pounding so fast in his chest?  Why is his body sliding down into the chair next to Sherlock, no longer able to hold him up?  He rests his elbows on the table and buries his face in his hands, completely and utterly lost.
, John manages to think before his brain decides to cease functioning for a moment.  All of his blood pools south in an instant, lighting a fire low in his belly that spreads to his groin and fills his cock with heat and desire.
“Isn’t it obvious?” John asks, giving him a little smile.  “This is still part of taking care of you, teaching you right from wrong.  There’s no doubt in my mind that I will enjoy this.”
At this, Sherlock makes a move towards him, finally.  “No, I’ll take it,” he says as he holds out his hand for it.
He let the poor man drift off to sleep in the chair beside his bed, occupying himself with tending to Callum and watching as John tossed and turned on the uncomfortable chair, looking for a better position.  It seemed that the blonde man found one when he finally leaned forward in the chair and rested his head on the foot of Sherlock’s bed, arms tucked under his cheek to pillow himself.
Sherlock squirms in John’s lap, looking unsure and contrite, his face clearly stating that he knows he did something wrong and he is just now starting to regret it.  John spreads his hands across Sherlock’s back and sets his feet on the ground more firmly, then he waits patiently while staring at Sherlock silently.  Sherlock bites his lip and his hands move about restlessly, as if trying to find the best spot to land.  They go from trying to reach the floor, to the edge of John’s seat, up to the table.  John puts his own hand high on the back of Sherlock’s thighs, near his arse, trying to calm him.
Catching back up to them, Lestrade looked happy that Sherlock was still on the case, and Donovan looked annoyed.
“Oh.”  Sherlock releases the sound on a whispery exhale, eyes dropping down demurely to his bear as a faint blush tinges his cheeks.  John doesn’t know whether it’s the embarrassment of being forced to clean up his own mess, or just the fact that John is watching him do it so intently that has Sherlock squirming uncomfortably, but he doesn’t voice any complaint.  On the contrary, he is obedient and willing as he opens his mouth and lowers his head to his toy, running the flat expanse of his tongue over the biggest streak of come, wiping it up.
“I—I understand,” Sherlock bites out, wincing as John tightens his fingers in Sherlock’s hair once again, loving the way Sherlock inhales sharply with the pain of it.  “T-there’s—ah!  There’s no one else!  I swear to God, there could never be anyone else!”
Thanks to Writing Keeper for the beta and Indelible_Ink for the beta and Brit-pick!  And also thanks to everyone who has read, reviewed, bookmarked, and left kudos.  I really appreciate it.
He orders another tea and does not
But John is quicker, and John is heavier, and John has had enough of Sherlock’s petulant little strop.
John looked around them, at all of the emptiness, and then his gaze fell back on Sherlock, breathing heavy in his anger and brow furrowed furiously, cheeks a glossy red from the cold and their argument.
John can believe it very well.  He’s standing in the middle of the evidence.  Actually, he thinks he may have stepped
?” a female voice answers.  John doesn’t remember exactly what Mycroft personal assistant sounded like, but he thinks it might be her.
John debates his predicament for a moment.  He knows he shouldn’t even be considering getting into this vehicle—he’s seen enough crime dramas to know how this could possibly end—but the last words that the man’s voice spoke to him over the phone ring back in his ears.
“Well, if you don’t like the rules I’m making, why don’t you make some of your own?” Sherlock asks him, picking the crayon back up and holding it out for John to take again.
At John’s words, though, Sherlock jerks awake, head snapping to attention as he sits up and looks at John with tired, red eyes.  “I don’t want a nap,” he says petulantly, a small pout marring his delicate features.
“That’s why I think you should just stay away from that kid,” she continues, heedless of his exhaustion.  “You’ve helped him out once and now he can get help from someone else, someone meant to help children in these situations.”
“He’s amazing, though,” John tells his friend, that soppy smile coming back.  “Simply amazing.  He’s brilliant, the smartest person I’ve ever met.  And gorgeous.  So bloody gorgeous.”  John shakes his head, still not believing his luck.  “I can’t believe that someone like him ever even thought of giving me the time of day.  And, God, he’s funny.  He makes me laugh all the time.  It’s been years since I’ve had so much fun with someone.”  John’s grin grows wider just thinking about all of the ridiculous things that Sherlock does.  “He
Sherlock scoffs and rolls his eyes as he pulls on his trousers and does up the zip.  “That’s only because it reminds him of everything I can give you that he cannot,” he remarks snidely, a wicked smirk on his lips as he shrugs into his dress shirt and starts on the long line of buttons.
Sherlock can only moan in response.  John takes it as a “yes”.
He is right, of course.  Absolutely right.  How can John ask this of Sherlock, how can John take this from him, without giving him back anything in return?  Sherlock is trusting John with his body, trusting John with his heart, trusting John with everything he has.  How can John not show him that same trust?
Sherlock just chuckles against his mouth, wrapping his arms around the man and pulling John down on top of him.
Across the room from him, Mary is exasperated and looks like she’s at her wits end.  Like she is the one who this is hurting.  “He just had a question about the clinic back in London, John!” she explains, her voice shrill and loud.  “I’m not talking to him again!”
Sherlock nods, as if he understands completely, but there is still the edge of a frown crinkling his usually smooth brow.  “That makes sense, but that doesn’t explain the way my body reacts.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Holmes cuts him off rudely with a roll of his eyes, sounding almost bored.
“Don’t move from there, Sherlock, don’t move,” John instructed him.  “You're in shock and someone needs to see to you.  I’ll be over there right now—I’m just a few blocks away.”
“Sherlock, I don’t—”
“Just go back to sleep,” he tells her, voice hard in the darkness of their bedroom.  “You don’t have to worry about that anymore.  I’ll get it sorted.”
I didn't think I would actually be able to do two posts in one day, but lookie here!  These last few chapters have not been beta'd, and have been posted without the meticulous editing that the earlier ones have gone through.  Be sure not to skip any chapters; I've been pretty much spewing them out the past couple of days.  All of your comments and kudos are just making my day, and I want to thank you all so much for enjoying this story.
That he’s finally found something good in his life, after all these years, after all the heartache he’s endured?  That he’s finally found something worth living for?  That’s he’s found everything he’s ever needed, ever wanted, and it just so happens to be a sixteen year old boy who is his student, who has a genius level IQ, and talks to a human skull, and has an alcoholic, abusive father?   That plain, safe old John Watson, in his silly little cardigans and frumpy-looking jumpers, has found something that he would give up every respectable, right thing in his life for?
“Greg!” John said, sounding affronted.
John stares at the glowing screen of his mobile for a moment in surprise.
Sherlock snuggles into John’s waiting arms, cuddling into the warm embrace as John’s hold automatically tightens around him and the man presses light, wet kisses to every inch of his face that he can reach.  Sherlock giggles and yawns, rubbing his nose back and forth against the skin of John’s neck and making another noise of contentment, which is his way of saying “yes”.
That gives Sherlock pause.  He stops trying to touch John and looks at the man sitting on the bed.  “John,” he says softly, the word barely more than a release of breath.  His eyes are wide and round in his face and he seems almost surprised at John’s statement.  John thinks it is rather telling that Sherlock should be so stunned over something that John thinks is rather insignificant.  Perhaps his drinking isn’t as little a thing as John has thought it is, after all.  That fact is rather worrying, but he’ll deal more with that later.
John stared at him for a long moment, at a loss for words, and Sherlock looked right back at him, holding his ground.  And even though it hurt him to have John’s dark blue, sad eyes gaze at him in such a tired, uncomprehending way, he knew that he was right, and he was not going to back out of this one.
“But you want to try it, I know you do!” Sherlock practically yells, and John can see that he is getting frustrated now, unable to solve the puzzle that is John Watson’s fetish.  “There’s no shame in it, John, I promise,” Sherlock rationalises, and John thinks about how wrong and how sweet it is that this boy—this
for one fucking second…nothing has made me feel as dirty as you make me feel every time you leave me alone, every time you go back to your wife.”
“You’re wondering why we are here now, the pro-Synaths, I bet, yeah?” he asked, taking a small sip of tea and a part of John cringed as the man’s grimy fingers clutched the delicate handle of his mother’s antique tea cup. “Well, just like everyone else, we only found out about you for sure today.”
“I know, love.  I know.  I’m sorry.  Just breathe through it.”
He trails his kisses across Sherlock’s face, down Sherlock’s neck and chest, and then over to his soft belly.  John knows that Sherlock is more ticklish than he has ever let on to be, and so John takes the opportunity to pepper warm kisses along Sherlock’s perfect little belly button.  Then he inhales a deep breath and, before Sherlock knows what is happening, John blows out a big wet raspberry on Sherlock’s tummy, tickling him and making the boy squawk and squirm against him.  Sherlock laughs and wiggles underneath him, John’s still-hard erection responding to every single one of Sherlock’s movements.
On a negative note, though, they also were so forgiving that he no longer felt the need to end his meals early because his full stomach was pushing at the seams of his waistband, which meant that he was able to eat even more in a single sitting than he had in the past.
Resigned and despondent, John told her that he would go.
“John, who—?”
John tries to hide the roll of his eyes and his smile as he settles back down between Sherlock’s spread legs, his clothed body dragging along Sherlock’s naked one, making Sherlock’s breath hitch as he squirms against the sensation.  “Dr. Barium will just have to learn how to share.”
“No teeth, remember?” John tells him, but he caresses the side of Sherlock’s face to let him know he’s not mad.  “Keep them covered, there’s a good lad.  Perfect,” he moans as Sherlock goes back to sucking and licking him, determined to prove his skills to the older man.
“Oh, no you don’t,” John says harshly, and he bends almost double, reaching down suddenly to clamp down on the base of Sherlock’s cock beneath the balls, cutting off the brunet’s impending orgasm and sending a slight twinge of pain into Sherlock’s body to take the edge off of his arousal.  “Not until I say you can.  You’ll only come when I give you permission; when I think you’ve earned it.”
“And you invaded Afghanistan.”
“Let me see you,” John pleads, voice soft and desperate as he hovers over Sherlock, on his hands and knees.  “Please, can I see you?”
“Fuck, that’s just gorgeous,” John moans as he gives himself a languid stroke while Sherlock sucks on his balls.  “My gorgeous little boy, putting his pretty little mouth to good use.  Show me how clever that mouth is, Sherlock.  Let me see it.”
“I haven’t—” Mike starts but finally John manages to catch his attention.  John shakes his head vigorously at his friend, hoping, wishing, praying that he’ll take the hint and cover John’s arse on this one.
John’s head turns down to look at him as best he can in the darkness from such a sharp angle.  He can’t believe that Sherlock still has to ask him questions like that.  He can’t believe that Sherlock still has those sorts of doubts in his mind.  For all his brilliancy and maturity and independence, when Sherlock is stripped bare in front of John he just can’t hide his fear and insecurity and thoughts of worthlessness.  John still wants to change that; John will still say or do anything to get him to feel differently.
Sherlock scoffed loudly.  “That’s not a real rule.”
, that he’s figured out why Sherlock loves this as much as John does.  “We don’t have to play this game for you to feel special, baby.  I’ll give you whatever you need, whenever you need it,” he promises, because John doesn’t ever want Sherlock to feel like this is the only way that he can be taken care of, that Sherlock can get what he needs.  “Always.  All you have to do is ask me.”
“Then I’ll just have to kick the next bloke’s arse the way that I kicked yours,” John tells him, deadly quiet, voice menacing and face set in hard lines.  “And the one after that, and then the one after that,” he continues, because he knows—he
If John was mad before, he is livid now.  “That’s a load of bollocks!” he shouts, not caring who hears him.
Sherlock breathes in, and the sound rattles as a small tremor racks his body.  He stares at John for a long moment in silence, as if he is trying to find something, deduce something.  But whatever it is, he must find the right answer, because he graces John with the most brilliant, beautiful smile, and simply says, “Yes,” before stretching his neck up to demand another kiss from his Daddy.
The whole time Sherlock stood there, stunned speechless at the audacity of it all. No words, no thoughts, would come to his mind that could describe the sheer amount of disgust he felt at the touch of a stranger’s hand on such an intimate part of his body. Never before had anyone taken such a liberty with him, barely even John would do such a thing.
When he opened his eyes next, he was in a private hospital room, Lestrade by his bedside as John came in, another man following close behind him.
John winces at her words, at her accusations.  She is right, of course.  He had made her leave her home, her friends, her job, the life that they had made for themselves in London, and he had kept her from being happy.  He knows that it is unfair of him to be the only one to make the decision to end it, when she has been pleading with him for years and he has refused all of this time.  He has taken so much from her, and there is no way for him to give it back.  The things that they’ve said and done have left permanent scars on each other.  There are some things that just can’t be fixed now, and he knows this.
They stood there, in front of each other, silent and still, no words left and nothing but anger and resentment between them.  And only after some time, when it seemed that Sherlock couldn’t take it any longer, he whispered, “Tell me I’m wrong.  Please.  Tell me I have it wrong for once.”
The name glares up at him from the ID screen, the light almost blinding in the darkness of his bedroom.  John frowns and gets out of bed, answering it as he leaves the room and stumbles down the hallway on his aching leg, not wanting to wake Mary.
came on to
John huddles into himself, curling into the fetal position, hoping Sherlock will understand that he doesn’t want to be woken up in the middle of the night to have a conversation.  “It’s a survival mechanism when I’m with you,” he mumbles into the arm that he is using as a pillow, eyes kept firmly shut, as if opening them will signal his surrender to the boy.
John lays them down and gathers Sherlock in his arms.  He holds Sherlock like he will never let him go, like Sherlock is something breakable and precious and John has just put another crack in him.  “I’m so sorry, love,” he whispers into Sherlock’s dark, curly hair as he settles them into position, placing a kiss in the mess of tangles, his flagging erection long forgotten.  “I won’t ever be able to make up for hurting you, but I’ll try.  And I’ll start by never drinking again.  I promise.”
“How do you figure that?” John asks with a smile, a part of him already knowing the answer.
John slides his mouth over Sherlock’s slender cock as he is talking, taking him all the way down to the back of his throat in one go.  Sherlock stops speaking almost immediately, biting his lip to keep in the small noises that are trying to make their way out, to keep in the words, and John won’t have any of that.
Indeed, Sherlock doesn’t keep John empty for long and he moves quickly to align himself behind the man.  He groans as he enters John, a deep, animalistic noise that makes John’s heart stutter in his chest.  There’s no moment to get comfortable, no time to adjust—there never is when Sherlock is in this kind of mood—and the brunet man wastes no time as he begins to fuck John mercilessly; hard, deep thrusts that have John skidding across the hardwood floor on bony, bruised knees.  Each time he slides forward, Sherlock’s hands grip him tightly and pull him back, and John knows that there will be hell to pay tomorrow, when the bruises will be at their worst.
That makes Sherlock  glance back at him, frown furrowing the smooth, porcelain skin of his forehead.  “What are you sorry for?” he asks, his look one of honest confusion.
He tried to push his way past the crowd that was surrounding him, tried to get closer to the small group of scared-looking men who were being escorted through the throng of people and towards the front doors of the clinic, but he couldn’t get any nearer.  The people in front of him were thrusting forward their signs and their hands, shouting obscenities that were lost in the din of everyone else around them.
“Gifted,” Mike cuts him off.  “Brilliant, but completely and utterly strange.  He, ah, doesn’t exactly have a lot of friends, and he’s even managed to make a few of the teachers—well, a great number of the teachers, actually—despise him.”
“John,” Sherlock pants, releasing the man’s fingers, “please—
“On the contrary, Greg,” Sherlock says, an evil smile forming on his full lips as he stands up from the desk chair and moves towards the detective inspector.  “I do believe that you know exactly why you put up with this.”
She slowly leans up to kiss him, and when she presses her mouth to his all he can do is compare her to Sherlock, the taste of her, the feel.  She is cold against him where the memory of Sherlock still burns bright against his skin, heating him from the inside out.  She is so much less, Sherlock is so much more, and John feels disgusted that she is touching him.  A tiny little shudder runs through his body that he tries to stop; she is his wife, after all, the woman who he had loved once.  It isn’t fair of him to think this way, to feel this way about her just because she wants a physical touch from him.  He has an obligation to her still, and he won’t treat her any differently just because he no longer loves her.  Just because she is not Sherlock.
Sherlock looks up at him with trepidation but opens his mouth up for John to guide the head in.  Once he feels it slip past his lips Sherlock closes his mouth over it and it is all John can do to not thrust the rest of the way to the back of Sherlock’s throat.  The whole point of this game is the slowness, he knows, the innocence, and it won’t do to ruin it.  But John knows that Sherlock is masterful with a cock, knowing just how to make John come in a mind-numbing orgasm.  To feel Sherlock so hesitant and unsure is something that he hasn’t felt in a long time, since they first got together, and he has to remind himself to enjoy the novelty of the sensation.
“I…” Sherlock tries to say, but the words won’t come out.  “It’s…”
“But you
Sherlock didn’t rise to her bait. “It’s not my fault that I do everything better than everyone else, Donovan,” he said dismissively. “Don’t be jealous—it’s not a pretty color on you.” He turned back to Lestrade. “Look closer at the note and don’t waste my time next go ‘round, Detective Inspector. It’s terribly inconvenient for me.”
The three of them are out of the department store and walking down the pavement towards a great little Chinese place when John’s mobile goes off.
“They won’t bloody fit!” he yelled out in frustration.
“Would you like to tell me about it, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked, sounding infuriatingly calm and reasonable.
“First off, I think you should know that he’s not faking any of the things you think he is,” John begins with, right out of the gate.  He thinks it is important that Mycroft knows this, and understands.  “Here, look at this.”  He reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out the flash drive, holding it out to Mycroft.  The man frowns at it before reaching out to take it from John, looking at it for a moment before holding a hand silently out behind him.  Like a ghost, Anthea appears from the shadows with a small, thin laptop.  Mycroft inserts the flash drive without a word and opens it, his face impassive as he reads, showing no indication of what he is seeing.
“You just have to promise not to leave me behind,” John says when he finally pulls away.  “Don’t leave me here, without you when you go, please.  I love you so much.  I’m sorry about what I’ve done.  It’s unforgivable.  Never again, Sherlock,” he whispers with a small shake of his head.  “I promise.  I won’t let her touch me ever again.”
John huffs out a small laugh.  “You have to, darling.”
And John’s promise resounded once more in his mind, strong and clear.
John usually took care of all of the shopping—as well as the cleaning and the other domestic things—and Sherlock had not been aware that milk came in so many forms.  The few times he had promised John he would pick up any groceries it was always something simple like beans or a roll of toilet paper.  But this was something else entirely.
“Where did you get the Synathida?”
he smells like smoke after being in Sherlock’s house.  Even if the scent is faint it still lingers in each room and every corner.  Not to mention the few times that he has been unable to stop Sherlock from lighting up inside his damn car as he drives them to Sherlock’s house.
“How did they find out?” Lestrade asked them when they finally arrived at Scotland Yard, sometime later, and told the man about the delay. They had ended up having to call the detective inspector to send a squad car to pick them up and an officer to escort them out of their flat, after their cab had been blocked off by a thick, impregnable wall of paparazzi.
“Have you seen my keys?” he asks Sherlock as the boy continues watching him silently while John searches through Sherlock’s things.  “I thought they were in the pocket of my trousers, but they must have fallen out.”
His hands rove over Sherlock’s body, taking him and shaping him the way that John wants him.  The answer to John’s question is so clear right now, with Sherlock mindless beneath him, that John wonders why he ever has to ask it in the first place, or why Sherlock ever doubts it.
Both options are equally enticing but his cock throbs pitifully as it rests against Sherlock’s throat when he remembers the warm wetness of Sherlock’s mouth, and John’s mind is made up.
“I don’t care what you think,” John told him angrily, scowling at his friend.  “All I know is that every time someone says that they are having some sort of problem and then I sleep with them, the problem mysteriously resolves itself.”  He pointed a finger towards his crotch with a smug smile.  “Magic,” he said imperiously.
John’s stomach plummets to his feet.  “Is he the one who has been leaving all of the bruises and cuts I’ve seen to before?” he asks, because John has to know.  John has to know how long Sherlock has been coming to him to get patched up from injuries his own father has left on him.  John has to know how long he’s been so blind and stupid.
And, suddenly, Sherlock craned his head up to capture John’s mouth in a kiss, sweet and soft and innocent.  And for the first time in days, Sherlock spoke to him, his voice hoarse with arousal and from not being used.
Thankfully Sherlock’s answer is quick in coming—a short, strangely worded response that has John frowning down at his mobile.  He makes the decision to head over to Sherlock’s house after school but it does nothing to alleviate his worries until the end of the day.
At least, he would be if Sherlock could stop fidgeting.
Dr. Greenwhich was once again attending him, true to his word about wanting to be the only doctor seeing his few Synathida patients.  Sherlock, for his part, sat on the uncomfortable little bed in the bleak exam room, looking much too tall for the standard issue table and holding his arm out tiredly as the doctor continued to draw what seemed like a tremendous amount of blood from him.
“What the fuck were you thinking?” John asks, barely waiting for an answer before he is continuing on.  “What possessed you to do that?  To go over to my
“Semantics, John!” Sherlock shouted at him incredulously.
“John,” Sherlock says, still looking as if he is stunned and doesn’t have the first clue as to what to say.  “You don’t have to.  I don’t mind.”
At that, John’s eyes went wide, the deep blue looking darker than usual.  “You know about that night?” he asked stupidly, not sure what else to say.
Together, silently, they began to open up each of the letters that they had received, pulling out more notes of encouragement, a bit more money, and a few more generic, store bought ‘Sorry for your loss’ greeting cards.
“No,” John cuts him off quickly.  Something churns in his stomach disturbingly and makes him feel sick.  “Don’t.  Don’t say…that.  Please, just…don’t.”
And he will, soon.  All he needs is the right time.  He has been thinking about his decision to leave Mary more and more recently, the thoughts running rampant in his head.  He thinks about the flat on Baker Street in London, about a life with Sherlock, about a divorce from Mary, and he knows it is what he wants.  But he still knows that now is not the right time.  They are still only three quarters of the way through the school year and Sherlock is still his student—he knows the impetuous child well enough to realise that if he were to divorce Mary now, Sherlock would not expect them to wait to start a relationship.  He is impatient and demanding and spoilt, and John cannot stand up to his will—he knows this.  The teacher is in a very delicate position at the moment.  He tells himself once again that staying married, at least for the time being, is the best thing for both of them right now.  That certainly doesn’t mean, though, that he doesn’t still love Sherlock with all of his heart and soul, and he’ll do whatever it takes to remind Sherlock about that every chance he gets, in any way he can.  But he is still backed into a corner as far as his marriage is concerned, and he hates it.
Sherlock shakes his head.  “Because there isn’t enough that I like about myself for that to last.”
“Very well, Dr. Watson.  Anthea will escort you home, if you insist on walking out on this discussion.”
“Come sit on Daddy’s lap,” John tells him, patting his thighs and tilting his head down to indicate just where he wants Sherlock.  Sherlock does as he is told, coming closer and allowing John to turn him around before he sits in John’s lap, so that his back is pressed to John’s chest.  John lets Sherlock’s weight settle over him, his heavy cock rubbing between Sherlock’s arse cheeks, as he reaches around and continues to stroke him.
“Do you think you could get this from someone else?  Hmm?” John asks him, fingers tightening in inky black hair until Sherlock cries out, wincing in pain as John yanks roughly at the strands.  “Do you think someone else could fuck you like this, Sherlock?  There is no one—
“He buys your clothes?” John asks incredulously.  “From London?”  It seems like such a strange thing to do, even for an older sibling.
—John comes to realise that he could care less about losing himself completely to this beautiful creature.
She turns to give him a confused look before continuing to fix her short fringe in the mirror.  “Just came up to use the loo,” she tells her reflection.
And Sherlock didn’t need to answer.  His silence and that penetrating, silent, stare was confirmation enough.
John was shoving past photographers and reporters aggressively, suddenly not caring about propriety or politeness. He was coming dangerously close to panicking when someone suddenly grabbed onto him, pulling him harshly away from a few photographers who were closing in around him.
John stares at her for a moment.  He is so amazed that she could be fooled completely by Sherlock that John forgets for a second that the boy is even there until he hears the deep voice from across the room.
Sherlock gasps at the sensation and John sucks gently on his tongue, dipping his fingers under Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms, skimming the edge of his growing hardness.  His own erection is pressing into Sherlock’s hip, begging for attention as each second passes, but he ignores it for the moment.  He presses Sherlock harder into the wall, kisses him deeper, makes him moan.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he stood before the physician, because, contrary to what John or Lestrade said, he
The sharp, loud tone of his ringer split the still air of the room and Sherlock could do nothing for a few seconds but stare at it, his heart hammering in his chest.
Sherlock makes a noise of affirmation but doesn’t take his gaze away from the microscope.  “Yes.  The measurements are always perfect, and he seems to know exactly when I have a growth spurt and need more.”
“A laboratory?” John asked, skeptically.
John could never do that to Sherlock.
Three fingers is tight, though.  Three is always so tight.  Sherlock pants underneath him and squirms so deliciously, pushing down onto John’s digits delightfully, making John’s cock twitch in anticipation, leaking from the slit.  Sherlock wants so much.  Sherlock always wants.  He wants more, always more.  And John always wants to give it to him.
One day, towards the end of Sherlock’s 35
But no, he knows he isn’t mistaken.  Sherlock is sitting across from him, still blushing and not meeting his gaze, and John knows what he has heard.
Without saying anything else, John leans over to Sherlock’s bedside table and finds his bottle of lube, opening it up and slicking his fingers liberally.  He grips Sherlock’s hips and lifts him slightly, so that he is resting on his knees and elbows, then wets Sherlock’s hole, taking a moment to get Sherlock accustomed to the feeling of his fingers rubbing and poking at the sensitive flesh.  Some of the lube runs down the flat expanse of skin below his rim, following the line of his perineum until it reaches his sac, and continuing down to drip slowly onto the base of Sherlock’s stiff prick.  John lets his fingers follow the trail, pressing into the smooth, stretched flesh below Sherlock’s arsehole and letting the lube glide his fingers over the sensitive balls and down to the hard cock.  He pumps Sherlock a few times, distracting him as his other hand, covered with more slick, dips down to slip a single finger into Sherlock’s entrance.
Behind his back, he can hear Mary stand up and make her way towards him, stopping before she reaches him.  “Don’t turn this around and make it about me, John!  I asked you a question.  Answer me!” she shouts out, and he only narrowly misses being hit by the tv remote.  It goes flying over his head, breaking into pieces against the wall behind him.
He thinks he may throw up.
X.X.X
, deep inside of him, where he feels a spark that he hasn’t felt in years.  A spark he thought he’d never feel again.  A spark that’s been smothered, trampled on, and extinguished over and over again for so long, since even before Mary and most definitely after her.  He’s always been dutiful, decent John Watson, constantly doing what is best for his family, for his mum and his sister, for his future, for his wife.
“Could have been better,” Sherlock answered with a dismissive shrug.  “There were no cases.”
And the next day, when he tried to apologize to John for dealing with the situation so poorly, he had also confessed that it wasn’t just the fear that unnerved him.  It was the doubt.
Their meetings at the coffee shopshop quickly begin to grow longer, their conversations deeper and more personal—the exact thing that John had tried to avoid in the past.  Now, though, he finds that he wants to know everything about Sherlock, all of it, and he can’t believe that he had ever denied himself the chance to learn more about the boy.
John is content to watch for a moment, taking all of Sherlock in, put so obscenely on display for him.  But Sherlock finds himself growing impatient quickly and so he clenches his hole several times as John watches him, reminding the doctor that he is disappointingly empty at the moment.
John thinks he looks endearing and completely adorable curled up in the man’s lap.  He smiles at Sherlock warmly and gives him a kiss.  “No, love,” he says, pulling away but not going far.  “That was just for you.  I’m fine.”
He can’t remember a time when he’s ever felt more content.
John can’t help but smile at that.  Sometimes the boy is just too adorable for his own good.  “I’m just filling in for your skull, then, am I?” he asks.
“How about Holmes Watson?” Sherlock gave in with a sigh, when he realized that he had startled John.
“You’re doing it wonderfully, love.  It’s perfect,” John assures him, squeezing his hand.
Sherlock winces and bites harder on his bottom lip, fighting against the urge to admit that he was bad but not wanting to disobey his Daddy again.  “I was—” he begins, but lets out a strangled little sob as John thrusts harshly into him.  “I was a naughty boy, Daddy.  I’m sorry.”  John pulls another sob from him as he surges up into Sherlock.
“I took a cab,” John answered him, not even sure what he was saying at the moment.  He was too busy staring all around him, at everything surrounding him.
A/N: Next chapter, ‘Masterpiece Theater II’.
“Look at him!” John practically shouts out, pointing a hand behind them and back towards Speedy’s.  “He’s tall and he’s tan and he’s young and he’s American!”  John ticks the reasons off on his fingers and shakes his head.  “No, sorry, nope.  You’ll just have to find a new friend.”
The sound of Sherlock begging John to fuck him is more than the man can stand.  He groans and pulls Sherlock back towards him, crushing their mouths together in a way that is wild and slightly painful.  Sherlock surges forward to meet him, a happy little sigh escaping his full lips as he practically falls into John and the man takes Sherlock’s weight, lets Sherlock rub against his body and melt in his arms.
John reaches out and touches him, taking Sherlock’s cock in his hand and stroking it.  Sherlock completely surrenders to John’s ministrations, going from agitated and fidgety to compliant and submissive in John’s hands almost instantly, between one breath and the next.  Sherlock moans and trembles against him, bringing his hands up to grip at John’s bare shoulders for support, his fingers digging in and biting skin.  John pumps him with slow, sure strokes that end with a twist at the head, making Sherlock pump his hips into the touch and bite his lip as he tries to hold in any sounds that might escape his throat.  He drops his head to John’s shoulder and leans his weight into John’s body, no longer able to hold himself up as John strokes him faster and faster, the pull of skin on skin a delicious friction.  John has never thought that giving a handjob to Sherlock would be enough to turn his mind off, but right now he is watching Sherlock fall apart from nothing more than the strokes of his hand and the grip of his fingers.  John continues wanking him, mesmerised by it.
Sherlock leans forward and silences him with a small kiss.  “I know,” he says.  “Shh.  Just let me.”
“It was a three patch problem,” Sherlock says with an indifferent shrug, as if John is just supposed to know what he is talking about.  He drops his arm again and continues to not look at the older man.
Sherlock tries to thrust it at him, but John won’t take it.  “I need it opened,” he states imperiously.
one,” he corrects with another toss of his head, meaning the next magazine over.
He mentally kicks himself, calling himself a hundred kinds of idiot.
Sherlock scrambles to obey, sitting up hurriedly.  He is in John’s lap almost before the man is even able to sit back against the headboard, settling himself over John’s cock and sliding down it, still loose from John’s fingers earlier and his mouth, and so, so impatient.
Then he realises that he doesn’t give a damn.  He has Sherlock, and that’s all that matters.  He’ll be mad, as long as Sherlock is mad right alongside him.
“I don’t simply think you’re brave, John,” Sherlock murmured, and their faces were so close together that he felt John’s lips against his own as he spoke.  “I know it.  I know it to be as true a fact as anything I’ve ever valued enough to commit to memory.  And much more precious a thing than any other piece of information that I keep.”  His voice was so soft, barely a whisper, because in this space where there was only the two of them, he didn’t need to speak any louder, his words didn’t have to be any clearer.  He knew John would understand.  John had always been able to understand.  “Brave and wonderful and loving and perfect,” he continued, bringing his hands around to cup the blonde’s cheeks now, using his thumbs to caress John’s eyebrows and the soft, delicate parts around John’s eyes.  “You are all of those things.  And you are mine.  Both of you.  And I promise that I will die before I ever let anything happen to either of you.  I…I love you both.  So very much.”
He thinks about other times he has made love to someone, in the past before his marriage, and then with only Mary afterwards.  He remembers that there was always a sense of self-consciousness, even with his wife.  Before the Army, John had been slightly fit from playing rugby but he has always been on the short side, in his mind.  After he had joined the Army, he had filled out somewhat better, but nothing much could be done about his height.  He had always tried to never let it bother him, but when he and Mary were “on a break” (as she was fond of calling it) he always had a tendency to pull people shorter than he was, just so his ego never took a hit.  Even after he had married Mary, he never came to that place in their relationship where he felt completely comfortable with his body around her, the way most long-term couples do.  And then after he got shot….
He grabs up several boxes from the store that he keeps for Sherlock—the teen is prone to all sorts of injuries and maladies, and John knew that he would need to keep a well-stocked kit around the mad genius when they began living together.  The plasters are all themed, meant to make his lovebug smile and giggle as John applies them—anything to make his little honeybee feel better.  There are dinosaur printed ones, and some with tiny little spaceships and aliens on them.  There are even Army-green camouflaged ones that Sherlock picked out himself on a rare trip to the shops with John once, because they reminded him of his Daddy.  And, of course, there is the dwindling supply of pirate-themed plasters that John will have to restock soon.
After a moment of letting him look around, Sherlock spoke out suddenly, cutting through the silence of the room with his deep baritone voice.  “Why don’t you come see our room?”
“What?” John asks, sleepy and confused, because he thinks he may have missed the first part of Sherlock’s sentence, the comment is so randomly said.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you more often when you were younger, Sherlock,” Mycroft says unexpectedly, voice quiet and soft in the sudden silence of their sitting room.  “Perhaps if I was, you wouldn’t feel the need to subjugate yourself to this.”
John has only been fingering him for a short moment when he suddenly hears Sherlock say from his shoulder, “Another.  God, give me another.”
The word hangs in the air between them, heavy with implication and sweet promise as they stare at each other.  Sherlock’s eyes go wide and dark as his pupils dilate further at John’s words and his breath catches in his lungs.
Warnings: Mentions of drug use/implied drug use
At that, Crystal reddened again, and a fresh bout of tears came to her eyes. “I didn’t feel him up!” she said, turning to Dr. Greenwhich desperately. “M-my hand accidentally brushed against his c-chest, but I didn’t
.  Every time you go home to her, you do.  And every time you have to leave me to go back to her, it hurts, like my heart is shattering inside my chest.  And every time it feels that way, you leave and I’m left here alone, with no one and nothing because you’ve taken it all with you.”
He stands there and lets Sherlock see him.
“That people don’t understand you,” John tells him softly, his hands fiddle with his coffee cup, wanting to feel Sherlock’s soft skin again.  He keeps them to himself, though.  He shouldn’t have touched the boy in the first place.  Stupid of him, really.  “It’s a lonely thing, being different.”
Sherlock makes a face as John’s kiss lands on the tip of his nose, but he blushes and doesn’t say anything about it.  After a second, though, when the silence has descended upon them, John can feel Sherlock start to squirm nervously in his grasp.  It is only a moment before Sherlock begins to look distinctly uncomfortable and he says, “So, you aren’t going to…”
Sherlock was alone.  John had left him that way.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice, though.  Instead, he simply stands and tells John, “I think I’ll go get another Coke.  Want one?”
“I’m tired, John.  I’m just…tired.  I don’t want to live this life anymore.  It’s…tedious.  It hurts.  Why does life have to hurt so much?” Sherlock asks him, voice small.
“Why did you do this to me?” he suddenly asked, unable to keep the words in his mouth any longer.  “
, he thinks,
They were definitely spending way too much time together, in Sherlock’s opinion.
Sherlock whimpers and pushes his hips back against nothing, wanting to feel John again.  "Yes," he breathes softly.
“That’s what I thought,” Sherlock says, nodding as if he has just proven something.  He leans back against the seat and takes another drag.  “Perhaps your wife cheats on you because you’re such a push-over.  Did you ever think about that?”
John seemed happy enough with the new conversation starter and nodded.  “Yesterday was his first day out, but only for a couple hours at a time.  I figured the nurse would come in and wake me when he had to go back—I must have just fallen asleep when you woke up.”
“This is so wrong,” John says once he is sitting on the desk again, completely naked this time, using his arms to lean back sharply so that it is easier for the fruit to be placed on him.  Sherlock is kneeling between his spread thighs now, still fully clothed in his pyjama bottoms and sleep shirt, reaching out for the last bit of fruit in the container.  John can’t take his eyes off of the teen for the life of him.  He sucks in a sharp breath when Sherlock spreads a small piece of cut strawberry at the base of his cock and uses some of the juice at the bottom of the container to rub up and down his hard shaft, coating it, the feeling cold and slick against his flushed skin.
“There is something that you should know about your schedule, though,” he says to John, looking away from his friend sheepishly.
“Oh.” John sounded almost relieved that that was all. “Oh,” he repeated. “What about?”
Mycroft only nodded, as if to validate Sherlock’s words.  “This is a very big thing you are doing, Sherlock,” he said, his voice low and deep in the silence of the drawing room.  “Bigger than yourself.  But you had never been very good at believing such things existed in the world.  I suggest you start getting used to the idea.”
“You know,” John says suddenly, frowning at the child sitting across from him, “I shouldn’t be letting you talk about my wife that way.  In fact, I shouldn’t be talking to you about this stuff at all.”
John shakes his head violently, at a complete loss for words.  He doesn’t know how Sherlock can stand here in front of him, after everything John has just said to him, after everything John accused him of, and tell John about how wonderfully he treats Sherlock.  It’s not right.  Sherlock shouldn’t be thanking John for being different from everyone else, because John
And then he’s kissing Sherlock again, but with none of the leisure and more of the heat.  Against his lips, he feels Sherlock surging into the kiss, opening his mouth and letting John in, letting John deep.  John licks into Sherlock’s mouth and it tastes like the rain from earlier that day that they had been standing in.
John grips the dark hair harder under his fingers and tugs on it, groaning out Sherlock’s name in warning, meaning for Sherlock to pull away.  Instead of moving off, however, Sherlock slams his mouth back down onto John’s cock, tongue and palate slipping past his stiff shaft and only stopping when the head hits the back of his throat once more.
John manoeuvers them slightly so that there is as little space between them as possible and fusses with their plates, making sure Sherlock’s is placed directly underneath him, close enough to not make a mess.  Then he picks up the single fork that he put down and sinks it into the stir-fry that he cooked.  He carefully raises it up in between them and blows on the food softly to let it cool for a moment before he moves the forkful closer to Sherlock’s lips.
what I’ve had to do, just to make it to one more day because there hasn’t been anyone here to take care of me.”  And finally, finally, Sherlock looks back at him, eyes big and round and shining wetly.  “Everything that I’ve done in my life,” Sherlock tells him with a shake of his dark head, “everything that I’ve needed to do to survive, to get another hit so that the pain and the noise in my head will just
Sometimes Sherlock just wants to feel taken care of.  At these times it is John’s job to play caretaker or disciplinarian or proud, doting father figure.  Sherlock is surprisingly fastidious about their roles during these instances.  If John breaks character even a little bit—if he appears too eager or even just asks what it is that Sherlock wants him to do next—Sherlock will stomp off in a strop and the next week of John’s life will be hell.
“Greg, go easy on him,” John scolded the detective inspector once Sherlock was out of earshot.  “He’s not having an easy time of it, you know.”
“I’m sorry,” he apologises the very next day as Sherlock is opening the door for him.
“Why would I care about that?” John asked quietly, stopping in spite of himself.
Mike laughs again, enjoying John’s sex-induced misery too much for the man’s own good.  “So, you can still write up prescriptions, huh?” he asks shiftily, his smile growing decidedly evil at the edges.  “Why don’t you write up that Viagra for a few months’ supply and you can split it with me.   You know,” he says with an indifferent shrug, finishing off the last of his lager.  “For my troubles and all.”
stares back at them in bright green colour.
Sherlock sat there for a long moment, not quite sure what to say. Words in these types of situations were not his strong suit—they never had been—and he was slightly relieved when John cleared his throat from across the room and broke the strangling silence that was settling on them.
After what felt like thirty minutes of steady walking John stopped at a bridge. Sherlock continued to advance, taking advantage of the dark night covering him as well as John’s captivation with the water, drawing his attention from his surroundings. Looking around the deserted street, Sherlock wondered why exactly John had come here in the middle of the night. Confused, Sherlock returned his attention to John, who was leaning precariously over the edge of the bridge. Sherlock took an involuntary step forward, his protective instincts overpowering his cognitive abilities.
Flinching, John rolled his shoulders and jerked his body backward in an attempt to dislodge his friend’s hands. Anticipating the move, Sherlock swiftly removed his hands when John rolled his shoulder, transferring them instead to capture John’s wrists.
The walk was long and difficult. John barely contributed to it as his legs were stiff and unmoving, Sherlock had at some point slung his arm over his shoulders and began marching him like the wounded soldier he once was. The entire journey John had kept his head bowed so deeply his chin was pressed against his chest. Whether or not his eyes were open, Sherlock was unsure. Sherlock had taken the time to reflect on the situation.
Genuinely want to apologise for such a long break. I'm doing my A levels right now and applying to Uni. Please forgive me. Please enjoy.
A vibration from John’s pocket disrupted his thoughts, dragging his mind back to reality and leaving him alone in the empty room once more. Sighing, he leaned forward to put his untouched tea on the coffee table. He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his battered and scratched phone.
-Mycroft
“It was all a ploy. A trick to deceive him into thinking I was dead.” Sherlock cooed.
Hope you are enjoying this. Shorter chapter I know. Not all will be as long as the first.
Dragging his hands carefully from where they had steeled around Johns pecs, Sherlock placed a feather light touch along the edge of one of the newest cuts. He probed along the length of it, barely applying any pressure to it at all. It was widest near the middle and when Sherlock placed a gentle poke beside it, watching the skin cave in, like the walls of a great abyss being sucked down into it, he half expected John to hiss or wake up. He flicked his eyes up to John’s face but his expression had not changed. John’s eyes were heavily lidded, sunken into his skull, his mouth was slightly open, just enough to see the square edges of his teeth.
At some point John had given up completely on Mary. Even went as far as to delete her number from his phone. Although he wasn’t entirely sure, he thinks that he had managed to drop Lestrade a message telling him he was fine and had found a new job. John didn’t mind his new job. It was what he always reckoned he would do once he had returned from the army. Come back to England and get a cosy job as a doctor. It didn’t give him the same satisfaction as it once did, it gave him nowhere near as much as working with Sherlock had. But it was a job. And John needed a job.
“I’m sorry I- “he began.
“Sher-Sherlock? How are y-you here. I saw you fall.” John stuttered. Sherlock stroked the back of John’s head, cradling it like a precious artefact.
-John
Walking into the flat surprised Sherlock at first. It was in almost exactly the same state as when he had last seen it. His scientific papers and non-hazardous experiments had been preserved and placed in precarious columns standing on the kitchen table. There were pieces of clothing draped over the backs of the sofa and chairs or lying in puddles on the ground after dropping from their positions. The most concerning aspect were the towels and blankets obscuring each and every mirror in sight.
“I miss him too.” Even John was surprised to hear his voice break the silence. Mycroft started and turned his attention to John from where he had been staring blankly at a wall. His expression was sad and surprised. He stared at John so intensely for a second that John was almost certain that he was staring into his soul.
Sherlock thought as he took in how much of John was missing. He seemed shrunken and atrophied, his features were taut and drawn in a sickly fashion. Reluctantly, Sherlock dropped his focus from John’s face. Next, he moved his focus to the rest of John. Immediately, his eyes were caught on the red lines streaked across the lower part of John’s grey jumper.  Sherlock jolted straight, ripping himself from John’s grasp. John was pulled from his trance-like admiration of Sherlock to a confused, dazed state.
“John,” Sherlock whispered. “John look at me.”
The second day had confused Sherlock. John went about the exact same routine and Sherlock had decided to be a bit more daring. He followed more closely behind John, trailing behind him on half empty streets. Sherlock was certain that John knew better. The army doctor had always seemed hyper-aware of his surroundings, even more so after meeting and working with Sherlock for so long. So, for the doctor to seem almost as if he were ignoring Sherlock’s existence. That’s not to say that he was. Sherlock had noticed the differences in John.
Walking out of his room, John surveyed the apartment. It was a mess. There were heaps of scientific equipment and scribbled notes cluttering the kitchen table, some spilling onto the floor. Dirty dishes were piled in the sink and old takeout boxes spilled from the overflowing bin in the corner. Books had been left strewn around the living room floor and there were crumpled piles of laundry, whether clean or dirty it was impossible to tell, dominating the sofa. John heaved a sigh. Organised chaos. That’s what he started calling it after having lived with Sherlock for a while and always nagging him to clean up after himself. Sherlock had always refused on the grounds that he knew where everything was like that. Eventually John had come to grasp some method in his madness and let it be. The scene looked so painfully normal, much like the violin, only waiting for Sherlock to come back to finish whatever he had been doing. The idea of cleaning it all up briefly flitted across John’s mind. John shook his head. He couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not yet. He too was just there, waiting for Sherlock to come back. Instead John decided to go out.
Sherlock nuzzled his nose into John’s fair hair, inhaling deeply against the soft strands.  It had grown since they had last seen each other. It scared Sherlock how easy it was to support John’s weight. When the duo had lived together Sherlock had remarked on more than one occasion John’s impressive and well-maintained physical build. However, as the man hung limply in the circle of Sherlock’s arms, he felt shrunken and wasted away. There were no hard planes of muscle under Sherlock’s hands. His endearingly rounded face was gaunt, and the skin looked stretched over his skeleton.
It wasn’t working.
Once again, Sherlock roved lower. He nudged and nuzzled his way down the hard line of John’s jaw, stopping for a brief second to press his lips to the small dent in the curve behind John’s jaw. It wasn’t a kiss, but it was intimate and affectionate. Finally, he finished at John’s throat. The short stubble scratched against Sherlock’s cheek. Unaffected, Sherlock turned his head further into his throat, his lips moving against the skin there as he murmured John’s name into his neck.
“No.” There was more strength in John’s voice too. He even stood up straighter, straining against Sherlock’s hold and trying once more to walk forward. Sherlock refused to yield and reeled John back to him, pressing him firmly against his chest once more.
. John flinched, they were his own words but the hatred that accompanied them always hurt him, the truth that accompanied them. Because it was true and ever since Sherlock had died that little voice had been there, taking every opportunity to mention how John was never smart enough to keep up with him, never on his level, always in the way just generally not good enough. John had tried to ignore it at first but there was truth in every word it said so John just absorbed it now, letting it play on repeat in his mind. Mentally shaking himself John decided to take a shower in attempts to appear to be a functioning human being. His beige jumper stubbornly stuck to his skin, reminding him just how long it had been since he had showered or changed clothes. Once undressed he stepped into the tub, turning on the shower and angling it away from him until the water heated to a comfortable temperature. Stepping under the spray John felt his tense and aching muscles relax. The hot water felt like it was washing off the past few days, the steam clearing John’s head. Tears slipped unbidden from his eyes, mingling indistinguishably with the water. Soon his silent tears turned into great, body-wracking sobs that tore from his throat. John poured the strain and stress and sadness of the past few days into his tears, leaning against the cold tiled wall for support.
“How are you faring?” John asked, feeling a spike of genuine worry for the man. Mycroft turned to him with a sad look.
John peered at the sluggishly moving brown water of the Thames and remembered being told when this bridge was seen by many as a place for the suicidal hundreds of years ago. From how he was leaned mostly over the railing the sudden image of him just pushing further forward suddenly flashed in his mind. He wished he could say that the thought startled him into jumping back but he simply rested there, making no move forward of back. After a few more moments of completive thinking he finally stepped back from the ledge and began the long walk back to Baker Street. That was enough for today. He would begin the job hunt tomorrow.
“To what?” John prods him, curious now.
“Mike?” Mary asks.  “I thought he had quit.”
“God, come up here, baby,” he says, dropping his hands to grab Sherlock’s arms and pulling him up.  He finally fully tugs off the pyjama bottoms that are still caught around Sherlock’s thighs and helps him settle into John’s lap, long silk dressing gown fluttering down on either side of John’s legs and blanketing them.  He catches Sherlock’s mouth halfway up and devours it, tasting the sharp tang of Sherlock’s ejaculate from earlier and his own precome on Sherlock’s tongue.  “I can’t take it anymore, you’re driving me crazy,” John murmurs his mouth, not letting their lips part.
John didn’t have the energy to argue with him.  After the day that they had just had, he didn’t really have the energy for anything.  Before another word could be spoken, both men drifted off to sleep, not even bothering to crawl under the covers, leaning against one another as they let exhaustion take them.
As what?  Boyfriends?  (He quickly tosses that term; he feels far too old to have anything remotely close to being considered a boyfriend.)  Lovers?  (That doesn’t sound right, either.)  Friends with benefits?  (He makes a face.  Most certainly not.)
But that doesn’t mean there is anything wrong with those methods.  And it doesn’t mean that they don’t work, for a time.
On top of the physical deformities that the pregnancy was beginning to bring on, Sherlock was even more mortified to find that the baby was sucking away at his mental facilities as well.
“Well,” he began, slightly uncomfortable. “I had…given birth…” he said slowly, and then stopped.
“What if I were to cheat on you the way that she does?” Sherlock asks.  His tone is light, as if he is talking about something no more inconsequential than the weather.  “What would you do then?  If I were to go out and fuck other men?  If I were to spread my legs for them, suck their cocks, let them come in my mouth?”  He walks up to John then, coming in close, and John lets him because he is shocked that Sherlock is saying these things to him, speaking this way to him.  Sherlock comes in close enough to kiss him, close enough that John can smell him—that warm, spicy scent that is wholly Sherlock, which John loves so much.  Sherlock looks him straight in the eye as he whispers, “What if I came over to you afterwards, with the taste of a stranger’s come still in my mouth, and kissed you?  Let you smell it on my breath?  Let you see what a real man tastes like?  Would you just roll over with your tail between your legs, the way you do for her?”
And then, finally, John drew breath to speak, and his answer left Sherlock feeling as faint and light-headed as all the previous disconnected information John had just given him.
“Sherlock!” he called out, trying to get the brunette’s attention, but the crowd was growing louder around him, and he could barely hear his own voice over the din.  “
likes doing this—this fetish, this kink, whatever it is that it can be called—and he knows why
John stood, in stunned silence, for only a moment more before the chill of the room became too much for him and he turned finally to stomp out of Sherlock’s bedroom, slamming the door in a snit behind him.
He knows he shouldn’t be letting his student say things like that to him—hell, he shouldn’t be meeting with his student in the middle of the night at coffee shops at all—but he forgets sometimes that Sherlock isn’t an adult.  The way the brunet speaks and the things that the two of them talk about aren’t the type of conversations a normal teenager can understand.  Sherlock has a penchant for medical procedures and human anatomy that surprises John and has given them endless topics of conversation the past few days.   The handful of times that he has “accidentally” run into Sherlock at the coffee shop he has found that they have never run short of things to talk about.
John can easily see how something like this can grate on some of the teacher’s nerves, but John thinks that it is fascinating.  Every time Sherlock comes into his class, John finds himself watching the brunet more than any of the other students, wondering just how vast that supposedly superior brain is to everyone else’s.  Many of the teachers agree that Sherlock is indeed alarmingly intelligent and frighteningly perceptive but no one can really say for sure exactly how immense his knowledge is because the boy never talks to anyone.
Sherlock took a moment to revel in the feel of John’s orgasm seeping out of his loosened hole. He had always loved how John opened him up. “No,” he agreed, his voice muffled by the pillow that his face was still pressed into. “Not at all.”
He decided to take it before Sherlock could change his mind.
The reminder that this rule is only while they play seems to placate the growing anxiety in Sherlock somewhat.  He doesn’t complain anymore and he writes down the rule with minimal grumbling and a soft, “Yes, sir,” said to his Daddy.
So John slides the tip of his cock past the open hole of Sherlock’s mouth, watching as the head slowly disappears bit by bit.  John holds his prick still at that point, not moving, but he brings a hand down to wank himself a little bit.  He lets Sherlock feel the way John’s foreskin moves against his parted lips, lets Sherlock’s breaths hit the head of his cock in heavy pants as Sherlock continues to stare up at the blond motionlessly, because John told him to stay still.
“Are you his father?” an older, severe-looking doctor asks John as Sherlock sits on the bed in the A&E exam room, looking very much like he is trying hard to huddle into himself and disappear.
John trembles in Sherlock’s arms and thinks about Mary and how she turns away from him during times like this.  Then he thinks about Sherlock and how the teen is holding him so close, stroking his hands soothingly up and down John’s back and whispering softly to him in the dark, letting him know everything is going to be okay.  He thinks about how he tries to be stoic after a nightmare so that he doesn’t disturb Mary sleeping next to him.  He thinks about how scared he is every time—every single fucking time—and how he has to lie in his bed alone and in the dark and do nothing but breathe through his terror and try his hardest not to fall apart.
He can feel his orgasm building, rising up at the base of his spine, deep within him.  There is a slickness between John’s thumbs and Sherlock’s lips as spit runs down his chin while John’s cock fucks his mouth, wetting everything and making a mess.  Sherlock finally manages to swallow awkwardly against some of the saliva that has built up in his mouth, and John can feel the contractions of Sherlock’s throat around his cock, and he is lost.  He shoots his load with barely more than a grunted, “Fuck, coming,” and shoves his prick deep into Sherlock’s mouth as his mind goes white and fuzzy around the edges.  It is the first time he has ever come down Sherlock’s throat, and it feels amazing.
With every surge of John’s hips from behind him, Sherlock’s forearms slid slickly across the smooth wooden tabletop, covered in the gooey preserves that have leaked out of the overturned jars that had been sitting on the table.  He sees Sherlock try to find something to grab onto, but there is nothing except jam and marmalade and flaking bits of uneaten toast and cold beans smearing everywhere.
John pauses for a moment as he thinks.  He has to go back pretty far in their relationship; it’s been so long since they’ve spoken a loving word to each other that he can hardly remember.  “I used to call her ‘love’, I guess.  But that was a long time ago.  I haven’t done in a while.  But I never called her any of the others.  I never really felt the desire to.”
as he looks down at Sherlock, fingers still shoved in his arse.  “Look at that, you naughty thing.  I knew you weren’t as restrained as you want everyone to think you are.  Couldn’t even last a few minutes, could you?  You’ll have to be punished now, you know.  How many do you want, then?” he asks and pauses for a moment, giving Sherlock the chance to answer him.  Sherlock, though, has let his head and shoulders finally drop down to the bed, giving up trying to control his body now that he has lost the game.  He is too busy trying to remember how to breathe to bother answering John’s question.  Sherlock won’t be let off the hook so easily, though.  John is going to teach him that he’ll have to tell John what he wants when they scene, even if it kills John to do so.  He’s let Sherlock get away with too much in the past.  Sherlock is a master at evading communication, and John is a master at enabling him.  Well, that’s over now.  John will make sure of it.
“Yes, Sherlock,” he says, frowning.  “Of course.  As soon as we move on to doing more…intimate things, we’ll need to.  It’s only safe.”
“When was the last time he touched you?” Sherlock asks above him, his voice dark and deep, sending shivers through John’s already trembling body.  Neither men are wearing any clothing, and the flat is slightly chilled, but John knows that isn’t the reason he is shaking.
But at this moment, standing in his sitting room next to his young lover, John’s hand comes to rest reassuringly on Sherlock’s thin shoulder.  The doctor bristles at the elder Holmes, who has come into his home, upset his boyfriend, and ruined what John had hoped would be a relaxing evening in.  “Sherlock doesn’t need anyone to ‘talk some sense into him’,” John says tightly, his anger flaring as he narrows his eyes at Mycroft.  “Besides, I don’t make his choices for him.”  The “
What is there to say, after all?
John makes it to the end of the class without incident, and thinks that Mike must have just been taking the piss—trying to make him nervous about his first day teaching.  He is able to spot the Holmes boy right away, not even needing to take attendance to know which student he is.  As soon as the student walks in, he takes a seat as far away from all of the other kids as possible and huddles into himself.  Even if it weren’t for the anti-social behaviour, John can tell just from looking at the thin brunet boy that there is something that sets him apart from the rest of his peers, something
“We have a rule about it, don’t we?”
Any one of those things by themselves, John knows, would be enough to hurt a lesser person than Sherlock.  When all of them are combined, though, John can’t believe that Sherlock even knows how to love anymore, and he feels lucky that he is the one that Sherlock is giving the last little unbroken piece of his heart to.
The next two rules are easier for John to come up with.  They are things that he tries to get Sherlock to do on a regular basis anyways, especially when they play, but that the stubborn kid always fights him tooth and nail on.  Stroking Sherlock’s back earlier only served to remind him.  Adding them to the list of rules for Sherlock to follow is only natural to John.
“Yeah,” Lestrade agreed, not liking this conversation any more than John was, it seemed. “Right, well, I’ll just fill you in on what you’ve missed, then.”
Sherlock wasted no time in offering up his own suggestion.  “Dailus.”
Sherlock.  His sixteen year old pupil.
“You’re beautiful,” Sherlock tells him, and John has to close his eyes and bite his lip to keep from coming right then.  No one has spoken to John like that, while sharing any sort of sexual stimulation with him, in so long.  He has forgotten how
“Good,” John said, stretching in his stiff seat with a groan. “I’m getting a bit peckish.”
“I wish you would,” Sherlock told him, voice cold and hard and almost foreign to his own ears.  “I wish you would just go, that way I wouldn’t have to worry about you.  About what you’re doing when you meet up with him, or what you’re thinking about this whole mess.  I wouldn’t have to feel guilty that I’m the one putting you through this, that I’m the one doing this to you—pushing you away.”  He was mad at John—furious and betrayed and broken-hearted—but even in the midst of everything that was happening, Sherlock knew that it wasn’t John’s fault alone.  He had always known that something like this would never be John’s fault alone.  “I’ve made a mess out of this, haven’t I?”
“I guess we’ll never know, will we?”  Sherlock’s smirk continued to grow.  “And I’ll just assume that I’m right, like usual.  Just another thing that I win at.”
Sherlock took a moment to pull John into a tight hug, glad for the doctor’s concern but even more glad that John wasn’t making a bigger issue out of the situation.
in front of him.  They stare at one another for a long moment, neither one speaking.  John knows the man is sizing him up and he stands tall and proud, back ramrod straight and shoulders squared.  He digs down deep and finds Captain Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers and settles his authority around him like a heavy, familiar coat.
“John, what have you been
John howled even louder.
Sherlock looks at him for only a moment longer before he seems to finally decide that what he is looking at is worthwhile, and then he blushes and John can’t help it anymore.  He pulls Sherlock the remaining distance towards him and crushes their lips together in something that can barely be called a kiss.  It is demanding and passionate and yearning and desperate.  It is everything that John has ever felt for Sherlock, everything that John has been trying to fight against for so long still, even when he has been telling Sherlock that he hasn’t been.  When Sherlock begins to respond against John’s mouth, the man pulls back, panting.  He stares at Sherlock in something akin to amazement and confusion, thrown off by the multitude of feelings that he has whenever he is near Sherlock, trying desperately to sort them out.
“You want them right there?” John asks teasingly, now tracing his wet fingers across Sherlock’s hole, pressing down softly to feel the tightness of the muscle, though not hard enough to penetrate.
But John could do nothing more than stand by and wait for the inevitable Sherlock-ian hissy fit to pass, and hope he was still alive afterwards.
of those sounds.
“No,” the boy answers quickly, succinctly.  He is still staring at John with that strange, unreadable look and his unblinking gaze is unsettling in both its intensity and colour.  And he can’t be sure but John thinks there is a shameless smile curling the corners of Sherlock’s lips, as if he is enjoying the way that John has begun to fidget.
“What, sweetheart?” John asks, giving him a reassuring squeeze around the middle.  “It’s all right, you can tell me.”
Sherlock opens his mouth as if he is about to speak, but then he blushes prettily and looks away from John shyly.
John would not be so easily denied, though. “I wouldn’t care,” he whispered against Sherlock’s skin, his hands roaming upwards now, towards the top buttons of Sherlock’s pajama top. He had moved to lie gently across Sherlock as the brunette man still lounged on the couch, careful to keep any pressure off of the man below him.
“They make you look like an old man,” Sherlock tells him, resuming his kisses once John begins working on his own clothing.
“All right,” John says, and his voice has dropped down to a whisper.  The two men’s faces are so close together that his words are a gentle stream of breath against Sherlock’s mouth as he talks.  “I’m going to start with one,” he warns, and then Sherlock feels it, blunt and strong, slipping into him with ease and he gasps at the sensation.
“It’s just that,” John begins, stopping to clear his throat.  “Well, I kinda finished right after you did, while you were…distracted….”
But Greg’s other hand had come up now to hold John still, to keep him from running, and as the detective continued to kiss him, John suddenly realized that he was losing himself to the simple sensation of the physical attention he was getting.
food, without his stomach churning unpleasantly and urging him to the bathroom.  It happened so frequently that Sherlock could not even try to hide it from John.  A few times when John had been in the bathroom, Sherlock had not been able to make it to a trash can and had ended up using the shower or toilet while John was occupying the washroom, puking into whichever facility the blonde doctor was not using at the moment.
Sherlock stared at the man before him. He had known that Dr. Greenwhich’s spouse had died not long before he had taken the case of his kidnapped daughter—the man still had had a tan line on his ring finger and there had been pictures missing from the walls of his house, taken down and never replaced with new ones—but he had not taken the time to realize that Dr. Greenwhich’s spouse had been another man, or that there had been so much guilt attached to his death.
John made to move towards the barricade, intent on running through 221 Baker Street until he found their landlady, dead or alive, but Sherlock had thankfully recovered enough of himself to reach a hand out to stop John, explaining quickly, “She had a date tonight, John.  Mr. Chatterjee from Speedy’s was taking her out to celebrate his divorce.  Don’t you remember hearing her getting ready earlier?”
Sherlock shakes his head, grinding down into John’s lap once more and panting at the feeling of John’s hardness against his arse cheeks.  “Just one.  But he’s a dirty old man.”
“No,” John says quickly.  “I didn’t mean—”
And that seems to be the last straw.  If everything is fine, John doesn’t understand why Sherlock is being so childishly stubborn about all of this.  “Well then move, damn it!” he shouts out, giving the door a kick for good measure.
“That time that you came without meaning to,” John answers on a whisper, kissing him lovingly.  “Your face then was so gorgeous; surprised and sated and slightly embarrassed.  You looked adorable.”
“No need,” the boy tells him and smiles—a true, genuine smile that John doesn’t think he has ever seen on the thin angular face.  “It already came true.”
Sherlock moved across the living room, bag of crisps in hand, and sat in John’s chair, giving the blonde man a hard, clinical stare.  “Been getting chummy with him lately, haven’t you?” he asked the doctor, as John sat across from him in Sherlock’s rickety seat and flipped nonchalantly through a medical journal.
John figures that he needs to text him back as quickly as possible so that the boy doesn’t have a nervous breakdown.
For someone to look at that way, with that hint of attraction and desire.
When it all seemed to be crashing down on top of him, he would take a moment to breath, and lay his long fingers across his swollen belly, and smile softly.
“You have to understand, Sherlock,” he says softly, “that all of this stuff, everything with Mary and my marriage and my disaster of a life…it’s all my fault.  I have a way of breaking everything around me.”  Sherlock lifts his head to look at John contemplatively through the semi-darkness, not saying a word, eyes deducing in that silent way of his.  “I just wanted you to know, because I don’t want you to get hurt.  Just…keep that in mind, will you?  And if you ever feel like you have to leave me,” John’s voice cracks at the very thought, but he continues on as if he hasn’t heard it, “then I won’t hold it against you.  All right?”
“Fine,” Sherlock said haughtily, making a face at John that the other man couldn’t see through his still-closed eyelids.  “Sleep your son’s life away, then.  See if I wake you up for anything wonderful that he does when you’re napping through all of his greatest achievements.”
“No, let me hear you,” he growls out next to Sherlock’s ear, biting Sherlock’s neck hard and sucking on the skin in the way he knows drives Sherlock mad.
He supports Sherlock’s weight as they limp into the A&E.  He carefully wraps a hand under Sherlock’s armpit so that the boy can throw his own lanky arm over John’s shoulders and put his weight on the older man.  As they hobble into the building John looks over at his student worryingly.  Sherlock’s face is so close to his own in their current position and for the first time John gets a good look at Sherlock’s injuries under glaringly bright lights.
Ah, panic attack.  Even as his brain began to shut down in anxiety his medical training kicked in, ever a comforting presence, especially in times of stress.
“It’s from Scotland Yard,” Sherlock replied, a deep frown crinkling his forehead beneath his dark curls.  “It’s a check made out to
They crash through the door to the bathroom and somehow both manage to climb into the shower together without slipping and causing a major injury to themselves or each other.  They don’t bathe—they can’t be bothered.  They simply turn the water on and rinse all of the sticky breakfast toppings and semen away and then dry each other off and fall back into bed, still twisted up in each other and laughing like loons.
has never paid any attention to me beyond what’s relevant to secure his next position in the government,” Sherlock hisses at John, and when he says the word “brother” he spits it out like it is poison.  “If there are a few hits of cocaine, then I must be a full blown addict; if there is a misunderstanding with a married man then I must be a slag; if there is an assault on me by an older man then I must have brought it on myself.”
“Sherlock, you’re panicking. You’re just scared that we’ve told everyone now and that this is suddenly becoming very, very real. It’s perfectly normal.”
Fed up now with the production, John answered Sherlock sharply, not even bothering to try to be gentle any longer. “You said that you were dying all throughout your first trimester—hell, you even said that you were dying when you were vomiting up your guts from the Synathida. And every time you get a cramp in your legs or a twinge in your back you say that you’re dying. Well, guess what:
The next day, Thursday, John is nervous when he goes over to Sherlock’s to meet him after school.  He enters Sherlock’s room with his left hand clenched inside his pocket, fingering the old, worn box he has hidden in there.
End Notes: I can't figure out how to add a hyperlink in the end notes box on this site, so I'll just do it here.  Vanimelda4 was nice enough to gift me with some fanart for this fic!  You can check it out on Vanimelda4's Tumblr page
“Sherlock,” John whimpers, lost.  “Sherlock.”
“Why not?” Sherlock asks him, turning to look at John as the blond lies next to him.  He gives John a contemplative look before asking suddenly, “How would you kill your wife?”
“I happen to like them,” John chuckles as he lets Sherlock wrestle with his clothing for a moment before deciding that if he doesn’t step in, he’ll likely be down one shirt.
“All right.” John said, in that fond, indulgent tone of his. “I saw about three-quarters of the museum before you called. My favourite so far was this collection of clay figurines, they…”
“I appreciate it.” John murmured. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, cupping Sherlock’s arse to tug him closer so he could kiss him with a satisfied groan.
Then, once, he gave in. Weak from exhaustion, he took a chance. He closed his eyes and went to visit his bees. When he finally registered the footsteps in his hotel room, it was too late.
Sherlock smiled up at him. “There’s no going back from you, John.” He tugged John down, kissing him. “You’ve utterly ruined me for anyone else.”
I added this note to the first chapter, because I forgot to mention this when I posted, but for those who've already read the first chaper, I'll put it again here. The timeline for this fic is after all the other fics in this series, between two and five years after the ending of In Safe Hands. I know, that's a wide range. I'm a fuzzy writer (naughty and lazy, I know. Sorry).
A continuation of the last chapter, so you know what that means.
, not
John raised one eyebrow. He stood, crossing the room to stand close to Sherlock. “Just to say goodbye, Sherlock? Is that why you came here, in your tightest jeans, and- hm, is that lip gloss? Going all out, hmm? I thought you might’ve deduced that you wouldn’t need to try so hard to seduce me.”
“It’s him.” Sherlock muttered. He turned away, allowing John to gently guide him away with a hand on the small of his back.
“Mummy, why did my teacher tell me to eat up all my food when we’re not s’posed to?”
He's starting to crack...please don't blame John, he's doing way better than I would, probably
Sherlock stifled his whimpers into his wrist as John tongued him open unhurriedly, with slow sweeps all around and
As much as I love omniscient and omnipotent Mycroft, I love a Mycroft who is fallible and limited just as much.
Sherlock had learned his lesson, in Serbia. He never dared to try going into his back garden while Magnussen was raping him, not wanting to risk finding out how it might soil his haven. He tried to go there after, though. The result was always the same. Sherlock found himself standing naked in the garden, come dripping down his thighs. The bees would not come near him, not even to sting him.
Sherlock breathed out a slow sigh of relief. Sherlock this was just an ordinary episode of dysphoria. He’d had those, every now and then. Quite rarely, and never like this. He slumped over, leaning against John’s side.
Sherlock heard John’s sharp intake of breath from behind him when he rounded the corner and was finally able to see Sherlock. Sherlock was still lying naked atop the sheets, and Sherlock recalled now that this would be John’s first time seeing him completely naked in person. He squirmed uncomfortably, wavering between rolling over to face John and pulling the sheet over himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know what he did to you, other than what I saw, though I suppose I can guess the gist of it.” John said quietly. “I don’t want to misstep, but I feel like I’m fumbling in the dark.”
“God, it’s good to be out of those chairs.” He sighed, stretching. His back popped, and he moaned, sinking deeper against the soft mattress.
John collapsed on top of Sherlock’s back, breathing heavily. After a few moments he got up, chuckling at Sherlock’s protesting whine as his warmth left the bed. He reached down, carding a hand through Sherlock’s thick curls.
“Oh.” She said softly, looking over Sherlock. She’d clearly had no idea her teacher was engaged, or interested in men. John wasn’t generally the sort of teacher who talked about his personal life in class. “Well, um. I was just going to say. Thanks. Um, it was really great, having you as a teacher. So, well. Bye, Doctor Watson!” She scurried off.
Blushing at John’s vaguely awestruck expression, Sherlock turned the vibrator on at a low setting and held it against himself.
“Christ.” John tipped his head back, staring at the ceiling in amazement. “So much has happened. And I left your present at home.”
“Okay. Get the light, would you?” John shut his eyes and consciously forced himself to relax.
John smiled at Sherlock and opened the box. Inside was a little medal, fake but well made, set in velvet with a small plaque beneath it. It read- ‘To John Watson, in honour of five years of loyal service. Many thanks, Sherlock Holmes.’
Sherlock’s dorm was a ten-minute walk from the main campus. Along the way, Doctor Watson managed to coax Sherlock out of his tongue-tied nervousness, and by the time they reached Sherlock’s dorm building they were deep in conversation, lingering for a long while at the door before Doctor Watson tore himself away with a ‘Well, I’ve got to get back’.
If it had been just him and Sherlock, John would have dragged him by the hair all the way to the bathroom, but as it stood, he didn’t quite fancy the idea of their time being cut short by concerned security. He tugged Sherlock along by the elbow, pulling him into the handicap toilet before slamming the door shut and locking it. He roughly shoved Sherlock over to the sink, bending him over it and tugging Sherlock’s trousers down to expose his arse.
John looked like he wanted to say something, not content with letting her have the last word, but Sherlock tugged him away, hand still around John’s wrist.
“I’ve fixed up your room, a little.” She added. “I thought it’d be a nice little surprise. Your mother helped, lovely woman.  Not to worry, we haven’t disturbed any of your things.”
John grinned at him. “No, I haven’t.” He agreed. “Would you like to do something about that?”
Bracing himself for his first look at the man to whom he would be bound for the rest of his life, Sherlock glanced up. A quiet gasp escaped him as he met the wide blue eyes of Doctor John Watson.
“Now, John?” Sherlock said, voice low. “Of all the inconvenient, insensitive,
Knowing the drill by now, Sherlock began to walk towards the bed on autopilot, unbuttoning his shirt as he went. He preferred to take his own clothes off. It was worse to let Magnussen do it. Magnussen chuckled, catching Sherlock by the elbow.
That night, they lay wrapped up in each other in the darkness of Sherlock’s childhood bedroom, resting together.
Irrelevant:
Short lil chapter to bring us into the next phase. What do you think of the idea? Let me know. And if you want Sherlock and John to visit your hometown, or if you know somewhere they might be interested in visiting, let me know!
Sherlock blushed, hiding his face in the blanket. “Stop that. I’ve already surpassed my emotion quota for today.”
John turned off the light and got back into bed, tucking the covers close around them.
So- today is not a good day. I don't think there's anyone reading this who doesn't know why. Hang in there, guys. There's not much I can do, halfway around the world. But I made doubly sure to post a chapter today, and I hope that it's enough to take you away from all this for at least five minutes. And if any of you need someone to talk to, if things get a bit much and you need a distraction, or anything like that, you can always message me on tumblr @aeroplanesrock.
A funny thing I noticed, when I was editing this chapter...I tend to forget to capitalise Mary's name, whereas I keep accidentally typing 'John' like this: JOhn. Hmm...wonder what that says about me.
Sherlock gazed up at John, dazed with pleasure as John spread his thighs open, pressing his cock slowly into his arse, the thick length spreading him open and making him moan.
uncomfortable.”
you.” John interrupted.
“Sherlock, is somebody threatening you?”
The couple have a nice day out, and John is sneaky (but it's all for the greater good).
Aaaand we're done! Thank you everyone who's read this series, and double thank you if you're one of those who've followed along and commented and kept me motivated even through a six-month hiatus.
John shook his head. “Don’t- It isn’t a big deal. You don’t need to say anything, just-”
“Boys, yes. Not a man.” Sherlock smirked up at John, who laughed at the cheesy line. He leaned down to kiss Sherlock again, sucking Sherlock’s plump lower lip between his own.
Sherlock shook his head, yawning. “It’s nothing. Turn off the light and come to bed.”
I'm so excited for next chapter ayyy
Sherlock was practically limp in John’s arms, every inch of him plastered against John’s front. John chuckled, and scooped Sherlock up in his arms, crossing the small office to deposit Sherlock gently onto the table. He deftly unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, running his hands over Sherlock’s heaving chest.
Most of the world knew Mycroft Holmes as a cold man. He’d perfected his emotionless mask as a child, and wore it everywhere he went. In his work, he was ruthless in his decisions, with little regard for personal connection. It made him, ironically, a person who could be trusted. Conflict of interest was not an issue. He was a man who could make the sacrifices that needed to be made. Like, any man, though, he had his secrets; big ones, even; secrets big enough to be used against a man who seemed as unshakable as the ground itself. Earthquakes were, after all, not impossible. Naturally, secrets like that were bound to fall into the wrong hands; the hands of one Charles Augustus Magnussen, for example.
Sherlock accepted this explanation graciously. John was ever cautious of Sherlock’s limits, functionally nonexistent as they were, and Sherlock was not about to push John past
“Hot chocolate.” Sherlock said. He sat next next to John, curling into his side, cradling his own mug of hot chocolate.
After a few moments, Sherlock started to get impatient. He thrust his arse in the air, whining. John chuckled, slapping Sherlock’s pale, round arse.
“Not at first.” She admitted. “How we met, when we started dating, that was all real. Then he came back.” She glanced at Sherlock. “The way you looked at him- I knew I could never compete. I was going to leave you. But Magnussen made me stay with you.”
“You’ll stay in?” John echoed curiously. “And do what?”
“But that’s months off!” Mrs Holmes exclaimed. She caught sight of her husband’s face and sighed. “Yes, dear.” For a moment she looked so like Sherlock denied a cigarette that John had to stifle a laugh.
“God, I love making you make that face.” John groaned. Sherlock’s only response was to bury his face in John’s neck with a whimper, hands grasping at John’s shoulders as John pounded into him.
That snapped Sherlock out of his startled daze. “Get off!” He said sharply, struggling in vain against his classmate’s vice-like grip. Teeth grazed across his throat and he closed his eyes, squirming away.
“Your wife.” Sherlock said abruptly. “Or ex-wife, rather. Or is she still your wife, if the divorce didn’t go through before she died?”
Sherlock glanced away. “He told you already. Because Mary’s your wife, and you love her, and you are having a child together. You were happy with her, with your life. Knowing would destroy that, would make you choose between your best friend and your family. I wanted to save you that pain.”
John sat up to frown at Sherlock in confusion. Sherlock was more prone to lie-ins than John was, usually. Unless there was a case, he typically went to bed in the wee hours and woke any time between ten and three - it was like he’d never grown out of his teenage sleeping habits. This was a peculiar departure from the norm. Nevertheless, he obediently got up and began hunting around for a clean set of clothes.
Magnussen stood, straightening his jacket. He bent low over him, cupping Sherlock’s cheek in his large hand, thumb stroking over one prominent cheekbone. His breath huffed across Sherlock’s face as he spoke. “When you’re as naughty as our dear Mary Watson, domestic bliss comes with a price. But if you like, Doctor Watson doesn’t have to be the one to pay it.”
Leaving the house became nigh impossible. John couldn’t go out for milk without being accosted by journalists looking for information. Luckily, not long after that the police released Mycroft’s body, and John and Sherlock had to make their way to Sherlock’s parents’ house for the funeral. Sherlock enlisted the help of his Homeless Network for a distraction so they could get into a cab, and they managed to get to their destination without significant incidence.
Sherlock felt himself being set down on the bed before Magnussen backed away a few steps, followed by the sound of magnussen’s clothes hitting the floor. Not liking the feeling of passively lying on his back on the bed, he sat up, opening his eyes. The sight of the man before him sent a shock running through him. He’d seen naked men before. He’d even seen naked men with erections before, even if most of them were dead at the time. This was different. He’d never thought of an erect cock as being aggressive before, but that was exactly what it was. It stuck straight out at him, bobbing slightly in a demanding way. Sherlock bit his lip, forcing the ridiculous thought away. This situation was difficult enough without him anthropomorphising body parts, of all things.
As if he knew he was being thought of (but then, John was always thinking of him), the door to the lecture hall banged open, and Sherlock strode in, coat billowing. John could feel his smile becoming a lot less forced. “Hello, love.” He said warmly, as Sherlock dipped his head to peck him on the lips.
Sherlock studied John for a long moment, looking surprised. “Oh.” He breathed.
John had no idea how to answer that. What came next? There were a billion things they needed to address. John didn’t even know where to begin, and Sherlock seemed completely unwilling to talk about it. He sighed.
dragged me in here, with all these
John shook his head. “No, it’s fine. Everything’s fine.”
John, looking at Mycroft move, saw him move a brief moment before he heard the gun fire. He whipped his head back to Magnussen, and seeing a clear shot, immediately fired his gun directly into Magnussen’s brain.
wife.” Sherlock fired back.
It's the beginning of the end! I've been planning this for what seems like ages...almost two months! Can't believe I made it all this way. In terms of plot I think this is the most challenging fic I've ever written. Trying to get into the heads of Sherlock, Magnussen, Mycroft, all these brilliant and complicated people, trying not only to figure out what they would do, but how to engineer the situation to make them do what I want them to do while staying in character. Whew, what a ride. I was still hammering out the details of things last night.
“Well hello there, gorgeous.” John said warmly. Sherlock heard the soft thud of John’s day bag hitting the floor. Then he felt the bed dip, and John spooned up behind him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pressing a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Magnussen comes to call.
John patted Sherlock’s knee. “It’s only once a year.”
With great effort, Sherlock twitched his hand out of Magnussen’s grasp, allowing it to fall back onto the bed. He felt tainted, almost, the sensation of Magnussen’s touch, his kiss, lingering on Sherlock’s skin. Impotent anger burned through him. He was no woman. It didn’t matter what Magnussen said, what he knew.
Sherlock and John tried the phone sex a few more times over the next month. Unlike John’s morning handjobs, which Sherlock relished in providing, this happened only about once a week or so. Even heightened from its usual almost nothing, Sherlock’s libido was lower than average. So about once a week, Sherlock would declare that he’d like a wank, and so John would shut himself in the bathroom and Sherlock would give him a call. Afterwards, John would come out to cuddle Sherlock, because Sherlock always hated to be alone after his orgasms.
John grinned, enjoying the spontaneity of it all. “Great plan.” He said, without a trace of irony in his voice. Sherlock grinned back, eyes bright with excitement.
The question had been running through his mind the entire time. He didn’t know which answer he preferred. Logically, he should want it to be a lie. Who would want to have a wife who’d shot his best friend? Yet if Magnussen had been telling the truth, it would mean that John’s moment of distraction hadn’t been because he’d fallen for Magnussen’s ludicrous lies. It lessened the sting of failure, just a little. In the back of his mind, John was also thinking that this was his way out. From the beginning of his marriage John realised that it had been a terrible idea; but this was a vague, shifting feeling, a hazy sense of discontentment that stood in stark contrast to Mary’s sunny smiles and cheery, easygoing demeanor. However, there was nothing sunny or cheery about shooting John’s best friend.
Luckily for Magnussen, Sherlock was no Ice Man. He was not cold, or ruthless. He was a man with deep insecurities, a man desperately in love. He was, to put it simply, easy prey. Magnussen dug around in Sherlock’s connections. He discovered Mary Watson’s deliciously dirty past, and almost got shot in his own office. A stand off, about to end very messily for him indeed, took a sudden turn for the better. Sherlock Holmes took a bullet to the chest, and Mary Watson turned from unexpectedly feisty prey to unwitting ally.
“I love you.” He murmured. “I’ll be back soon. Promise.”
Now that he was there, in the mortuary, Mycroft’s naked corpse in front of him, Sherlock couldn’t seem to stop looking. He’d planned, originally, to go in, identify him, and get out, without really looking all too closely, because of course it was him, and so to spend any more time than necessary would just be morbid and self-indulgent. Yet there he was, being morbid and self-indulgent and staring at his brother’s dead body.
“I’m a horrible man who loves you.”
Sherlock stilled. John had a hand on his face, cupping his cheek, the other on his shoulder. “I know, I know.” John murmured. “It’s terrible, horrible timing. And I promise, I promise that you don’t have to do anything with this information. Not now, not ever if you don’t want to. Now is- not the time. I just wanted you to know. That you have me. And I’m not going to leave you again, not for anything, not unless you want me to. And everything’s a mess right now, but we’ll work it out. Together. Okay?”
“The place is infested with gremlins.” One dorm mate had explained to him on his first day there. “Don’t bother calling the electrician. Just invest in some candles, don’t buy anything that needs refrigerating, and go hang out somewhere else if you’re expecting a call.”
All these rational arguments were swept away by a mounting terror. Magnussen would be back, surely, with more of that. Perhaps he’d even make Sherlock dress like a woman, even behave like one. Doubt crept into Sherlock’s mind. Would it be so bad, if he refused? Magnussen would tell John, but maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. He’d just know that his wife was a killer...he’d lose all trust in her, but he’d feel the need to overcome that, to save their marriage and to stay together with her for his child...Mary had John trapped, and if she knew he knew, perhaps John too would be in danger. Sherlock pushed the thought away. He couldn’t risk John like that. Even the chance of John being hurt was too great to risk. He’d come this far. He couldn’t give up now.
Sherlock blinked slowly, then hummed in acknowledgement. “Good idea.” He agreed. “Take a break from all the pasta.” He rolled onto his back, stretching. “Think I might have a wank today.” He added, glancing up at John.
“I’m going upstairs to get your present. I’ll be right back. Okay?” John murmured to Sherlock.
Sherlock shrugged. “So give me something else to look at.”
“Did you know that I can stimulate your prostate this way?” John’s voice floated through Sherlock’s consciousness as if from a distance. “Apparently it can be very intense. I just need to get deeper, right-
John groaned as he sat up. “You’re lucky I love you.” He muttered.
It was something John never tired of watching. He loved the way Sherlock’s eyes would widen as he pushed the gag in, and the way his gaze would slowly soften back into a calm, devoted expression.
John knows immediately what Sherlock means. His fingers still, and he gapes incredulously at Sherlock. “No! Why would you want that? You hate what he did.”
“After dinner.” Sherlock said briskly, sitting up again. “We’ve got reservations, remember?” He glanced at the clock. “You might want to have a shower first. We’ve got thirty-five minutes, come on.”
Sherlock chewed pensively on his lower lip. “It’s not quite in order.” He said eventually. “We haven’t even kissed properly yet-”
an infection.” Sherlock pouted but allowed John to tug him into a standing position, padding over to the bathroom to pee.
At the same time, he’d expected something more of a reaction. After Sherlock’s initial outburst, everything settled very quickly. They’d arrived at an understanding very quickly, things clicking into place with the same easy acceptance that characterised much of their relationship. John loved Sherlock. Sherlock loved him, but was in no state to actually do anything about that. John understood this, and was perfectly willing to wait however long it took, and take whatever Sherlock could give him; which was rather more than he’d actually expected at the time. Sherlock had allowed John to comfort him and be close to him. They’d fallen asleep holding hands. Sherlock did the same for him, too. In the cab back from Mary’s (it was almost surprising, how quickly he ceased to think of it as ‘his’ house), Sherlock put his arm around John, allowing him to rest his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, his prominent collarbone fitting perfectly against the slight dip in John’s temple.
Sherlock sat up, giving a half-shrug. “Too quiet.” He muttered. He can’t let John know.
Sorry, again, about my increasingly terrible update schedule. I dunno whose idea it was to put presentation week directly after the Chinese New Year festival, but it was definitely someone evil. Or dumb. Also I've been having issues with spotty wifi. It conks out ever half hour and i have to just stop everything and wait the ten to fifteen minutes it takes for it to spontaneously return so that I can continue writing. Alas, the spirit is willing but the internet is weak.
John took several moments to catch his breath as Sherlock wiped them both off with the sheet. Then he pulled Sherlock close to him, wrapping his arms around him like an exceedingly handsome and cuddly octopus.
John pays Sherlock a visit. He knows Sherlock far too well, and he has his suspicions.
John followed right behind him. They had a long journey ahead of them, by that John didn’t mean the walk. Either way, John planned to be there for his friend, every step of the way.
Sherlock whipped out his phone as he began to walk, typing quickly. “Can’t take either of the cars we came in, that would be too obvious. There’s a small town an hour east of here. We can rent a car from there.”
The following morning after breakfast, they sat down and hammered out the rest of the details for their trip. Their travel plans, once they made them, were extremely vague. Sherlock had latched on strongly to the idea of going wherever they wanted, making it up as they went along. Still, John figured they should still attempt to be somewhat systematic, if only to save themselves some money and time. Sherlock pointed out that they had plenty of both, to which John retorted that he would like to spend those resources actually seeing things and enjoying themselves, rather than stuck in various transportation devices travelling unnecessarily back and forth.
Sherlock scoffed. “Pointless. Wastes time we could spend making it so.” He ground his hips down against John, just to make his meaning doubly clear.
“Seems like you need a little help getting in the mood.” Magnussen said, fingers hooking in Sherlock’s belt loops and tugging his pants off his hips.
He grasped Sherlock’s chin, gently tilting his face up, and leaned down to kiss him. Unconsciously, Sherlock let out a soft sound of distress. Everything about this was wrong, the way Magnussen’s facial hair rubbed against his skin, the way his huge hands cradled Sherlock’s head, trapping him there with an awful gentleness. Sherlock would have preferred if he’d been rough, if he’d pinned Sherlock down and taken what he wanted. This way, there was no escaping the knowledge that he chose this, that he’d been given an option and this was the path he’d decided to take, that he continued to choose, every second that he failed to fight back. Like this, he was entirely complicit in this situation, and he had no one but himself to blame.
At the moment, Sherlock was too keyed up. If he came, it would be both powerful and unsatisfying, and the residual adrenaline from the scene would stay, buzzing in his blood instead of allowing him the usual post-coital exhaustion and relaxation. He needed to be taken down, needed an outlet for the energy that coiled and twisted in his veins.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘You’re lying.” John said flatly. He had no desire to entertain this man’s games.
Next chapter: Christmas! Sherlock's favourite holiday. But will it be the same without Mycroft? Of course not.
Sherlock shook his head. “I want you to do it.” He said insistently.
And that's it for this fic! Barring any sudden plot bunnies, I think I've got one more fic left in me for this series. And here's a little teaser trailer- jealous public bathroom sex!
“I think I’ve realised something, Sherlock.” Said Obnoxious Classmate.
“Sherlock, are you…?” John sounded startled, but Sherlock could hear the husk of arousal beneath that.
Nana’s house was a wonderful place. It was just close enough to town that they could cycle down in the mornings if they wanted to, and poke about the little shops and buy a pastry to snack on as they wandered about. Behind Nana’s house was a forest, and John and Harry liked to wander through it, and play there. Well, John liked to play. He was ten, and full of energy and a sense of adventure. Harry was fourteen, and she’d sometimes play with him, but other times she’d decide that she would rather climb a tree and just sit there for several hours with her notebook.
