“But?” Sherlock said without opening his eyes or turning toward his roommate.
It was a large abandoned industrial building with a small office complex. Sherlock was holed up in the back office of the main work area. The floors in there were cement so they had not succumb to the years of leaking roofs and rainy London nights. They decided to go in during the early morning, figuring most everyone would be asleep at that point.
Write me back and we can set up a satellite call so we can work out details.
Sherlock pounded his palm to the side of his head as if the action would undo the evening’s events.
loved her. That was enough.”
“She was working late at the lab,” he began.
Clementine went cold at her words, “walking dead man.” She wished for it, longed for it. She had for years if she was being honest.
“Oh buggering fuck,” he moaned out as she began bobbing her head up and down. Her lips were soft and the suction unrelenting. His knees nearly buckling under him. After a moment John collected his wits and reached down to gather her long flowing locks away from her face, both to give her better access and him a better view. Her pretty pink lips looked sinful stretched around his thick cock.
“Couldn’t Harry help?”
John stood there a bit perplexed.
“You are a bloody brilliant mad man,” John said between kisses, unbuckling Sherlock’s belt.
Peeking out in a little
He could feel himself getting hard again. He started to stroke himself as he watched Clementine began to slow down the rolling of her hips. Then John heard her speak.
“Goodnight, love.”
“What do you say we ditch this square and head back to my place?”
That is how all of his relationships had been. Nice, decent sex, but ultimately underwhelming and unfulfilling. But this thing with Sherlock was something else. Now that he knew what Sherlock looked like, what he sounded like, how he felt in John’s hand has he came, John had to have more.
“Fine! Go pay and tell the waiter to box up our order. I’ll hail a cab.”
She was standing at a lab table, a tall skinny man with dark hair and even darker eyes was standing next to her. When he spoke his voice was high and child-like, almost sing-songy.
“I’m the one who texted him,” Sherlock said as if the conversation had gone tedious.
Sherlock sniffed the snot from his nose, wiping at the remains with the back of his dirty hand. He still looked unsure. Clem reached around her neck and unclasped the necklace she was wearing. It was an antique locket, gold with filigree. It had belonged to her mother. Sherlock knew this. He knew the locket was passed from Clem’s grandmother to her mother. It was one of the few items Mycroft had been able to save when the estate was sold. Inside was an inscription which simply read,
“Please John. Don’t be crude.” Sherlock’s voice came from behind him, smooth and deep.
“Don’t give me that look. You know what I’m talking about.” She took another drink of tea before continuing.
Laundering was what they called it.
“He’s going to kill himself or someone else before the day’s up,” Clementine warned her.
The clumsy and dangerous dance concluded with the giant man pirouetting down the final two steps, before firmly planting his feet on the graciously flat floor and Clementine gripping the unhelpfully smooth wall, backpack slung across her chest in a mocking display of defiance.
What's the point in all this screaming
John knew the song was not for him, but he couldn’t help but be soothed by Sherlock’s words. The song seemed familiar, something from his youth perhaps. In this moment, sung in that deep baritone he loved so much, the song enveloped him.
John thought.
TW: graphic discussion of domestic abuse in second half of chapter after the line break
“Yes. John. Oh god yessssss.”
“Grab the phone. Keep your hand on that spent cunt of yours. You gave me such a beautiful show. I want to return the favor.”
Clementine’s stomach turned. She could feel the remanence of her lunch threaten at the back of her throat.
Chapter specific tags: mentions of suicide and depressive thoughts
“Can I touch you,” John gently ran his fingers down Sherlock’s back, bringing them to rest at the split of his gorgeous arse, “here?”
“John. John. Johnjohnjohnjohn. Joooooohhhhhnnnn!”
“He lifted his hand, getting ready to hit her. I was so scared and I didn’t know what to do so I just yelled, ‘Daddy! Don’t hit mommy! You’ll scare Santa away!”
John is surprised by the apology, but couldn’t be bothered to stop kissing the man who offered it. He was on a mission after all. But before John could reach into Sherlock’s pants, Sherlock pushed him back against the counter and took a small step back. John felt a rush of cold as the space between them grew.
And you hide in here unknown
“You do if that is what will protect them. You do anything to protect the people you love, even if it
want,” Sherlock sneered. John turned to Sherlock indignantly.
“Get some rest love,” he whispered, “I’ll be right back.”
As if burned by fire John leapt from the couch to standing, ready to fight whatever intruder had made his way into Clementine’s apartment. Clementine on the other hand seemed unmoved by the outburst. Quite literally, too. She remained reclined and shirtless on the couch, looking rather annoyed if John was reading her right.
When the finally pulled apart they turned to regard Sherlock as he seemed to be completely unaware of their existence.
Sebastian’s face went red with fury and embarrassment. He marched toward Clementine, who didn’t shrink back in the slightest. Out of all the concerns Clem had in her life, Sebastian Wilkes was not one of them.
He stared at his feet for a moment. Then, as if making a final decision, straightened his posture and looked up. It was clear he was attempting an unaffected air as he stiffened his lower lip. The plump pink flesh turned up in more of a quivering pout than a resolute stiffness; a move that made him look more vulnerable than anything. John wanted to kiss those lips. It was only now that he realized, through some cruel miracle, he had managed to fuck the man senseless, but failed to taste those beautiful lips. This just couldn’t be.
Mycroft scowled at the two men, then turned back to Clem.
“Clementine has led a rather lonely life. We are very much alike in that manner. Though, admittedly, Clem is not lonely because she’s a rude prick.”
Had he imagined it? Was it all a clever ruse concocted by his lonely heart and desperate mind?
“Lucky’s. On 5
John leaned over to assess the man’s condition, but he was already stumbling up. He was a bit wobbly on his feet for a moment, then pinned John with a measured stare.
she was mixing under the hood. Or at the very least she would have been wearing a mask.”
John wasn’t having it. He gave a sharp smack to that plump back side before gripping Sherlock’s hips and growling.
John shook his head and laughed bitterly.
“I believe the lady told you no.” Came John’s seething response.
He hesitated only a moment before lightly gripping the collar of her t-shirt and pulling it down over her shoulder. He flinched at the sight of deep purple bruises smattering her skin. He let go of her collar and pulled up the hem of her shirt, exposing more contusions on her side and back. Clementine whimpered, eyes becoming misty.
“I need to see him.” Clementine had turned to look the man in the eyes. Her bruised and battered face staring into his crisp sharp features. He stiffened fractionally.
He pushed Sherlock back into the apartment with the sheer force of his forward movement, closing the door behind him. Sherlock backed up quickly, gripping the towel around his waist. John looked determined, hungry. It took Sherlock’s breath away.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, “but I need to take this.”
Clem earlier this year? John was there. He saw the whole thing go down.”
He sucked in a ragged breath, squared his shoulders, and pushed the door open.
Then without further preamble John gripped the base of his cock, lined up with Sherlock’s entrance, and thrust in until his hips slapped against the man’s arse. Sherlock howled. John angled the camera with one hand and clung to Sherlock’s hip with the other.
The younger brother merely snickered.
“Yes, Sherlock! Yes! We looked at him. He was out of town at a swimming event. There is no way that he did anything to her that night.”
It was a sad song he had heard once on the radio, but it had hit him so deeply that it was the one thing he grabbed at in moments of sheer helplessness, of drowning in feelings he had no idea how to process.
John quickly peered at the sliver of skin peeking out from his shirt cuffs.
“It’s time to go,” he continued, “I’m taking you to Baker Street.”
“Does he like to see you take my cock like this?” His eyes still on Sherlock, as the other man tried and failed to stifle a small moan. Clementine had sunk her face into the bed, relenting her body to John’s thrusts, riding the waves of pleasure. John continued to watch Sherlock, his erection looking almost painful.
With those words John loosed the towel around his lover’s waist and let it drop to the floor. Sherlock’s erection sprang free and jutted in his face for just a moment before he swallowed it down in one gulp.
The boy was balling his fists in anger now. Slowly he stepped forward in an intimidating move. Clementine was
Dear Sherlock,
“Oh come on Clem. Just a drink, see where things lead, and if they happen to lead back to your place all the better.”
?” Clementine sat up bolt straight.
“He’s right, John.”
Clementine hadn’t actually been listening to the woman’s advice. She was staring at a poster on the wall of a waterfall. What an odd thing to have in a surgery. Did they actually think that was soothing? The thought was ridiculous.
Clementine wanted to yell. She wanted to scream that he was full of shit. That his parents didn’t care about Sherlock, that all rich people were the same, concerned first and foremost with their money. Instead of yelling she just turned her head away from him.
The boy smirked a bit before continuing.
“Stop!” Sherlock yelled and leapt toward them. He grabbed the man’s arms, but was easily flung back. His back hit the counter and he let out a pained “oof.”
John leaned back to look at where his body entered hers, still bouncing her ass on his cock.
“Did we wake you?” John asked, his head still resting in Clementine’s lap.
Reverently John began massaging the lush cheeks of Sherlock’s ass. Gripping the soft flesh between his fingers he spread him apart. Leaning down he huffed a hot breath over Sherlock’s sensitive hole. The taller man shivered at the sensation. Clementine was coming back to herself and reached up to run her fingers through Sherlock’s riotous curls.
John looked down at his cane and back to Mike.
Fortunately the man was not too unpleasant to speak with. He listened politely as the man pontificated on the nitty gritty of private practice and the intricacies of modern day surgical advancements. John weighed in here and there, resolutely avoiding mention of his military service. It often prompted questions he would rather not answer.
They jumped apart as if the other were a live wire and looked in the direction of the voice.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Yeah, I know I got fat,” Mike said.
“I am so proud, so impressed by every case you solve.” He roughly pulled the trouser buttons free from their eyelets. Sherlock drowning in the praise and attention.
Sherlock’s face crumpled and he began sobbing.
and Kensington.”
And then he was gone.
“Yes!” John shouted this time. “Yes, I want you to fuck me. I need your cock Sherlock. Please. You feel so good. I need—I need—”
I went back and updated/edited the previous two chapters as of a few hours before this chapter was posted, just to clean them up a bit and make them flow better. Nothing has changed in terms of plot, but I would suggest re-reading them. :)
Neither man wore shoes. Trousers only.
It is hot as bollocks! Who would have thought a desert in Afghanistan would be hot? It’s even worse when you are packed down with all the gear. So far I have only had a few small missions, scouting trips mostly. For the front lines of a war it has been fairly quiet. Only a few injuries have come through the medical barracks.
He looked down at the man on his knees. His posture looked contrite, but he looked dedicated to his task. As if he would be absolved of all wrong doing if he simply performed this service to John's satisfaction.
“John.” The voice came again. Their three bodies rocking together.
Mycroft let out a sigh, his body visibly loosening. Clementine fell back into the couch from where she had been leaning forward listening intently to the two brothers.
When he was being even more honest with himself he would admit it was really Sherlock he was falling for. Clementine was a wonderful, intelligent, beautiful woman who he cared for deeply, but there was something about Sherlock that lit a fire in John’s heart.
Gently he pressed Sherlock back onto the table, lifting his legs onto John’s shoulders.
“Oh you dirty bird,” John typed back. “Is that for us? Come on. Let us have a look then.”
Sherlock flung the door open with a frustrated huff and froze.
“Do you want me to damage healthy skin and nerves? Do you want this to go on forever? Garrett hold her arm still!” He was shouting at this point. The stress of seeing his lover—no, she was no longer his lover—in such distress weighed heavy on his heart and nerves.
It was a gut response, as natural as breathing. John reached out and pulled Sherlock into his arms. He held him tight, as the other wrapped his arms around John’s stout frame, burring his face into the crook of his neck.
“Clementine, I really wish you would stop bringing riff raff home.”
“I just—I just figured—,” John continued, bumbling his speech in an attempt to explain. “You had told me once, about being lonely and—and abandoned. I didn’t want to be another person you loved and depended on that just walked out of your life. Someone that was never there. I didn’t want to leave you here waiting for my once a year leave. I couldn’t ask you to wait. To watch me leave you, over and over and over again, never knowing if I would come back. I couldn’t do that to you. But after what you said at the hospital, after knowing all you wanted was a shag, I figured there was no reason for me to have left. We could still—”
Sherlock’s body clenched around John as he came. That’s when John lost himself. He slammed into Sherlock, one, two more times and was cumming.
Without further preamble Sherlock gripped John’s prick at the base and sank down onto it with a howl.
“You should stay away from them. I tried warning Mike off, but he’s just an over trusting prat.”
He fell asleep that night with thoughts of the sinful quick-witted mouth on his prick and woke up as hard as a lead pipe. He was sure that his chance of seeing Holmes again was non-existent. Not only was he completely out of John's league, but John's article would laden with criticisms of the fundraisers opulence juxtaposed to the poverty it feigned to assist. While he wouldn't be fired for such scandal he knew he would be blacklisted from future high-society events.
“Well I am not interested in going to one of your angsty punk band concerts. I cannot
“Sorry ‘bout that there love.” The giant ox put his load on the floor. “Them damn stairs get me every time. ‘m not as nimble as I use ta be. You okay?”
Sherlock shoved his phone into his pocket.
“More what, love? Another finger?” John asked with a wicked press to that spot inside Sherlock.
A smile spread across his sharp features as Clementine rushed passed John, now wearing shorts and a t-shirt under her dressing gown, and wrapped her arms around the intruder.
It was no wonder then that one evening after a long case, John, craving that touch, walked over to say goodnight to Sherlock, put his hand on his shoulder, leaned in and placed a kiss on the crown of his head. It was a quick kiss, but long enough for Sherlock to feel the full pressure of John’s lips and long enough for John to feel the softness of Sherlock’s curls on his cheeks. Sherlock didn’t flinch, didn’t stiffen. He just reached his hand up to lay on John’s.
“Is there someone in your life? I mean other than Mrs. Hudson? Do you have a girlfriend?”
A short while later he was wrapped around Sherlock on the floor in front of the fireplace. Curtains and doors sealed in the minimal heat provided by the small fire he had coaxed to life. The temperature had dropped sharply and quickly. The two men lay on a bed of blankets and pillows, sharing the heat from their bodies, John on his back, Sherlock curled into his chest, head tucked under his chin.
“You look well,” he said. “I suspect school is going well.”
“I’ll try my best,” he said, without turning around, “But I take no responsibility for my actions while I’m asleep. So you better get your arse to bed soon.”
“Please.” She begged, her voice becoming frantic.
This pulled his attention away from the feeble form on the ground and back to his wife. Good. That’s what she wanted.
“Have you two twats looked outside?”
The wind was robbed from John’s lungs. He couldn’t speak. He gasped for breath.
“Fuuuuuck,” John moaned in response, his footing becoming unsteady.
“I fucking knew it!” Her fury was now focused on her boyfriend. “You lying piece of—”
He wanted so badly to take her away. To take away all of her pain and fear. The desire burned deep within him, a monumental feeling for such a young body. But what could a little boy do?
“Are you alone,” John asked. Sherlock continued to rock back against John.
Then suddenly there were hands on the man’s shoulders and he was pulled violently back to the center of the ring.
“Then why is that blouse still on? Hmm?” Sherlock could hear the dangerous edge in John’s voice. God, he loved how John took control. Sex with two people had enough moving parts as it was. With three people it required coordination, teamwork, and trust. Their lovemaking was an orchestra, Sherlock thought, and John was the conductor.
Sorry this is such a short (smut free) chapter. I know where the story is going, I'm just really stuck on HOW to get it there.
“I then may have let slip that he had in fact originally been denied admittance and it was
That damnable shoulder, mottled with scar tissue, ached every time it got cold and somehow impaired his ability to walk. Holmes had noticed. Psychosomatic. He was a smart ponce at least. What John wouldn’t give to have that smart mouth all to himself for a night.
“Just because he tutors you in chemistry doesn’t mean he’s a genius.” Anderson spat back. “The guy is a freak. He stalks people.”
“John,” he gasped, “You’re inside me. I can feel you inside me.” Sherlock sounded surprised, even though he knew it had been him who initiated their current activity. He continued to rock slowly back and forth.
“I am truly sorry for the emotional turmoil I must have caused you Doctor Watson, but you have never been my priority. Surely you must understand that.”
“Sherlock, help!”
John H. Watson
I miss you so much. I know it has been years now since we have seen each other. I know this sounds pathetic, but I miss you. I miss coming to Baker Street and finding you working on some experiment. I miss listening to you rattle off some deduction or the other about a passerby. I miss your beautiful face and your amazing voice. I miss the feel of your body against mine. There is no softness out here, only sharp, hard, unforgiving things. There is no warmth, only sweltering heat and freezing cold. There is nowhere to go at the end of the day but a lonely tent and cot.
Sherlock blushed and looked at his lap.
“Are you sure?” John rasped.
Within two seconds he was approached by a woman dressed in a full silk ball gown with intricate silver detailing.
“As always, if you ever need anything I am only a text away.”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was hushed and desperate.
John shouted with pleasure as he bottomed out in that gorgeous ass. Sherlock didn’t move at first. Just sat there trembling.
The two men looked at each other, shared a wicked grin and scrambled to follow her down the hall.
John licked his lips nervously, scratching the back of his head.
She had not been the only one to keep secrets. His sister’s alcoholism was an infrequent, but persistent interruption in his life. He hated it. He hated seeing his strong, wise, and loving sister reduced to a slobbering idiot. She deserved better. She
“And whose ass is this?”
The Brick fell back solidly, unmoving. Sherlock stood in center ring, triumphant. For a moment the crowd had lost the ability to speak. John had forgotten how to even breathe. Then, washing over him like a tidal wave, a roar sounded across the room.
Dear Sherlock,
Some of the others get care packages from home with homemade treats that are way better than the stale ones in the mess hall. My mum had grand plans to send me all sorts of things. I never really got the chance to tell you this, but she fell ill a few months ago. She wasn’t even well enough to see me off at the train station. But she’s a fighter. I’m sure she will be well again soon and I might get a real biscuit or two out here.
“My mum,” he said quietly.
The hand on Clementine’s waist slid down to ruck-up the skirt. His other hand remained across her chest and had resumed massaging her now exposed breast.
Clem just sighed.
John stood from his chair and approached the other man.
“Sherlock Holmes!” Clementine admonished. “Do not speak about your brother like that!”
“She’s right you know. You are so incredibly sexy.” John circled his lubed finger around Sherlock’s hole, coating it generously. “The way you fucked her until she came all over that gorgeous chest of yours. Mmmmm.”
Sherlock gave him one last lingering look and then stalked out of the ring away from him.
“No.” John said. “No. I didn’t mean—It’s just—I wanted you to know that it’s fine. Given our…history…I didn’t want things to be awkward. So, it’s fine. It’s all fine.”
“Do you think you could sink three fingers deep into that hot wet cunt of yours?”
Then he looked up at Sherlock, his expression clear.
“Push your tits together.” John demanded. She scrambled her hands up to comply.
“Extraordinary?” John suggested.
“Oh my god.” John whispered.
And with that she stomped out of the restaurant.
His legs weighed a thousand kilos each, but he reached the edge of the building in seconds. He doesn’t want to look. He doesn’t want to see gnarled body of John Watson, bleeding on the asphalt below. He has to look. He needs to know where John Watson is, because wherever he is, Sherlock will follow.
This scene has been on the back burner for a long time and I just needed to finally get it in here. Plus I wanted to get back to the smut of this story. So here you go! A bit fluffy, but plenty dirty. ;)
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. He fucked me. He fucked me hard. He fucked me for hours. Please don’t be mad.”
“Did you get any of my letters?”
John quirked the side of his mouth in a smirk.
John howled in response.
“I’ve always wanted you to fuck me with that magnificent cock of yours.”
“You stupid cunt!” Anderson shouted into her face.
“And do not misunderstand me, Mycroft,” Sherlock practically spat at his brother, “You had no right to keep these from me. You cannot do my growing up for me. You cannot protect me from everything. That is no life for either of us to live. You have taken so much from me over the years. So much. While I may be able to understand your intentions I’m not sure if I can forgive your actions.”
Clementine’s fingers gently crawled over the mounds of her breasts and snaked into the soft fabric of her bra. Slowly she pulled the fabric down, over her nipple, under the most sumptuous part of her small breasts.
"I'm sorry we kept things from you." Clementine whispered as she brushed her lips across John's shoulder.
John H. Watson
Clementine gave a lopsided grin at the thought. She had been at the receiving end of Sherlock’s sharp tongue. She had wanted to punch him too, but in the end it had just brought them closer. There was no hiding from Sherlock. When she had finally come to terms with that and laid herself bare, let him see all the nasty broken pieces of her, is when they became inseparable.
“Yeah, he’s a good guy. He was a nurse. They met at one of my mom’s many trips to the hospital.”
“John. John!” With a particularly harsh pull to his hair John realized Sherlock was trying to get his attention. John pulled off of Sherlock’s prick with a loud smack and a gulp of breath.
John leaned forward, his elbows on his knees, contemplating something. There was another long stretch of silence. This time it was John who broke the silence.
John watched the man slowly shut the door and causally make his way to the arm chair. He tried to muster as much indignation in his voice as possible, with the sweet suction on his prick.
Her mother was now purely in the past tense. Everything that she ever was or was ever going to be was gone. Eradicated in an instant. Crumbled beneath strong fierce hands.
Slowly, Sherlock sank down onto John’s thick, stiff prick. That was it. That was exactly what Sherlock needed. He felt full, content, brimming with pleasure. It was the closest he had ever been to John Watson. John was inside him. His eyes closed and his mouth fell open when the soft cheeks of his bum settled fully into John’s lap.
“I can’t afford London on an Army pension.”
Was the most you ever knew
“He,” Sherlock pointed a finger at his brother, “is the enemy.”
He was tall and lean. On
“Will you take your childish unsophisticated friend to see a children’s movie tonight in your top shelf new car? Please?”
“Sorry. I’m sorry. I—uh—I’m sorry I yelled. Here.” John offered his hand to Sherlock. “Come up here.”
They did know it. So eventually, with much trepidation, they agreed to let Clem go in after him. In addition to a wire, Mycroft insisted that she also wear a camera and a mic. He surrounded the house with agents and even planted a few inside, posing as junkies. They located Sherlock in the building so Clem knew right where to go.
Clementine howled as John stilled his thrusting.
“Sounds like a conundrum,” her mother sighed. “Whatever you decide, though, you need to be back by ten. You know your father’s rule.”
This would explain why she hadn’t heard the deathly shrieks of the other children running around outside her window.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
A young girl pushed her way to the font of the group. There were about five of them in total, most of them a little older than Clementine.
They clinked their glasses together then took a long sip, the liquid warmth doing nothing to calm their bodies.
But Sherlock could not be deterred. He was going to learn how to fight. He was going to wear slick suits and use is intellect to track down the worst of the worst. He was beaming, excited.
Sherlock sank back onto his knees. Contented, he returned his lips to the base of John's cock.
Clementine could no longer stand back and watch. She marched forward, but John held out his arm to keep her behind him.
“They always slip up. Always. You just have to pay attention and be ready to pounce when they do.”
He never told anyone about these times; always ashamed that even his friends didn’t want to talk to him. He felt little and unwanted. The pain prickled in his chest, but when his mother would send him back to her house she would be different. She would talk to him and play games and listen to his deductions and laugh. This greatly confused him, but then again Sherlock never fancied himself an expert in friendship.
“Yeah, like that’s gonna happen.”
“You really are a simple idiot sometimes John.”
Sherlock shivered under the attentions, gripping onto John’s shoulders to keep himself standing. As John began to kiss down his chest, tongue darting dangerously close to those erect nipples, Sherlock gasped the question that had hit him the moment he opened the door.
His voice was high and breathy with arousal, but the sincerity of his concern rang true.
“You don’t get it Clem!” He threw his hands in the air and began pacing the living room.
“What’s up Harry?”
Sometimes it would happen at the most mundane of times, when they were watching telly or sat in their chairs reading. One would look over at the other, an unspoken desire communicated and they would find themselves in each other’s arms.
Shifting from foot to foot John clenched and unclenched his fists in a vain attempt to grope his way through the situation.
“I’ve seen the way you look at me in lab. I know you feel the same for me as I do for you.”
Sherlock smirked at John’s indignation.
“No. Nothing bad! I just happen to think you are really interesting that’s all.”
“Yeeesss juuust like that.” He would purr as John complied obediently, diligently.
They made their way back to Sherlock’s bedroom, pausing when they reached the bed. Sherlock leaned in and kissed John. The franticness was gone. Sherlock poured every ounce of what he was feeling into that kiss. It told John how much Sherlock had missed him too. It told John how much Sherlock wanted him, how much he needed him, in this moment and beyond.
, Sherlock thought as he rolled the word around in his mind—came crashing down upon him, the weight of how much he missed John stabbing him in the gut. He missed eating breakfast with John. He missed telling him all the little deductions from his day that no one, but John would find interesting and brilliant. He missed kissing him good night. He missed John laying his head in Sherlock’s lap while he read. He missed the orgasms, the feel of John’s strong hands on him.
She had shoulder length crazy red hair and wore jeans and a black t-shirt, gripping a beer in one hand, the other swaying above her in some sort of attempt at dancing. She hadn’t noticed the newcomers at the door.
Under the auspice of buying a bag a weed Sherlock and Clem found themselves at Victor’s apartment one evening. Sherlock and Victor sat on the small twin bed while Clem sat on a beanbag chair that took up half of the floor space in the room. There was about as much floor space as there was bed. They chatted a bit about inane teenage things. The kind of conversation that Sherlock normally loathed, but seemed perfectly content to engage in now. Clem was utterly board. Then Victor lit a joint and took a drag.
When he returned in the evening, takeaway bags in hand, Sherlock would still be home, more often than not, engrossed in an experiment, immersed in his computer screen or deep in his mind palace. John would set the takeaway on the table, walk to his roommate and gently rub his shoulder.
John wasn’t sure what to make of the scene playing out before him. The banter seemed to be a weird cross between mother vs child and husband vs wife.
“I’m sorry what?”
“And then there’s your phone.”
“What’s up Garrett,” he responded after a moment.
Sherlock rocked his hips gently. John gripped tighter into his flesh. Sherlock moved again. And again.
He started his trek to the train station that would take him to the training camp where he would spend the first several weeks of his deployment. There was no one waiting for him there. This much he knew. Whatever part of the relationship with Sherlock that had been mended was gone.
under my bed.”
“Why? What use could you possibly be to me now?”
“We got to the end of dinner. I walked her back to her place. We kissed.” Sherlock blanched. “But as soon as our lips met I felt like I was betraying you somehow. It felt wrong. All I wanted to do was come home and see you.”
Before John could even find the words to answer, Sherlock was pressing into him. The two men lost themselves. Sherlock pushing frantically in and out of John’s body. John moaning and stroking his own cock, screaming “Yes, Sherlock, harder!” every time the man hit his prostate.
Clementine scoffed.
With one hand Clem began caressing one luscious cheek of John’s bum while the other, slick with lube, began caressing his slit.
“You can do this John.” She spun him away from the mirror to face her.
“Who was the first?”
Before long they stood in the kitchen each with two fingers of whisky in a glass.
But if he was being honest, he couldn’t give a damn if they noticed him or not in that moment. Clementine was wearing a skirt. A short flowy skirt that, when she was standing up-right, probably hit her mid-thigh. Since she was bending over, however, it hit her right above the crease where her thighs ended and her ass began.
“Sorry I left it in my coat. What’s wrong with the landline?”
Clementine just stood there for a few moments, staring in the direction of the lab doors.
The feeling between them shifted from one of excited desperation to hungry, burning desire.
“While you have, for certain, kept yourself clean, orderly, and handsome enough to pull a woman like Clementine those jeans you are wearing are at least three years old and that jumper is clearly from Tesco. Students are known to live with some measure of poverty, but a little support from home would keep you in better style.”
Sherlock finally lifted his head from the scope and gazed out the windows of the living room. Briefly he recalled John pulling back the curtains earlier saying something about the magic of snow falling over the city. Though, as he examined the precipitation, it seemed less like magic and more like a hazard.
“I want to make love to you. Will you make love to me Sherlock?”
“I have no idea who that is.”
John’s confusion seemed to deepen as Sherlock swung a leg over his hip, straddling him.
“I want her how you had her. Tell me how you fucked her.”
“I know, you great ponce. You’re big softy and no one will ever convince me otherwise.”
“Is that for me?” He asks, stroking her soft wet cunt. She moaned at the sound of his husky voice.
John stared at the heaving chest of the victorious man. His face mottled with blood and dirt, dark curls thick with sweat, clinging to his forehead and neck. Every vein in the man’s arms were prominent and pulsing.
He pulled out of Clementine’s mouth and gripped the base of his cock. She wiped her hand along her mouth, hair falling messily around her face. A growl escaped John’s lips as he lunged forward, pushing Clementine on her back. He deftly relieved her of the dainty black knickers she had been wearing, bringing them to his nose for a brief inhale, before tossing them to the floor.
Sherlock growled and gripped John’s hips tighter and began fucking him like a man on a mission. John’s arse slapped against Sherlock’s groin, the slick slide of lube making a salacious smacking sound.
brother, though he did always seem to favor Clementine. Probably why she started calling him brother.”
“Assholes like us? The only way you get ANYONE to like you is by fucking them!” Sally spat back at her.
“What do you mean three months? You had over a year I thought?”
Just then their order was called. In lieu of answering, Sherlock jumped up and grabbed their order. He sat down and proceeded to go about diving up the haul, snapping his chopsticks apart and eating. John didn’t push it and followed suit, slurping up some noodles and munching on an eggroll or two.
Smoothly John thrust in and out of Sherlock, always mindful of his comfort.
“What makes you think I know where he is? You have made damn sure that I have had nothing to do with him for the last year!”
He thought.
“Get a room you two.”
Sherlock did not falter a single time in his monologue. The words fell from his mouth as if it were the purest form of truth. Clementine stared at him in fear and anticipation, knowing that she would not be beaten in front of him, but unsure if his story would dissuade future punishments.
He opened the front door and dashed up the stairs when he finally arrived. Sat at the kitchen table were a sight for sore eyes. Two dark haired beauties, hunched over microscopes, slides and Petri dishes and notebooks all around them.
Sherlock just gaped at him, disbelieving.
She pushed on Sherlock’s shoulder, but he refused to move, fixing an icy stare on his brother.
“Pray tell.” Sherlock’s voice dropped to a scandalous tone as he stepped fully into John’s personal space. “What
“He finally let go of mum. She grabbed both of us and put us back to bed.” He wiped at his eyes and cleared his throat. “And that’s how I learned there was no Santa,” he chuckled darkly.
Sherlock flinched at the question.
John turned suddenly at the sound of a deep voice. He would have missed the figure in the shadows all together if it hadn’t been for the bright red glow of a pipe being lit.
I think that is why I decided to write. He got me thinking about you and hoping you were doing well. What are you up to these days? Using your chemistry genius to invent new drugs and cure illnesses? Or have you simply found new ways to make the kitchen smell? Haha!
When these parties came around she would make an appearance, greet everyone, making sure her father saw her. She would then wait until he had a few drinks, was thoroughly absorbed in shop talk and rubbing elbows before sneaking up to her bedroom, closing the door, and reading until it was time to see everyone off.
Still, John had become friendly with most of the people in his platoon. Despite his best efforts, over the years he grew attached to his section. They were on the smaller side, only eight total. When thrown into a group of practical strangers and then asked to put your life in their hands things don’t always go smoothly. With his section, though, it was no effort. Things clicked immediately. There was an ease to everything they did. Communication flowed freely. Priorities and incentives aligned naturally. Those first five years were the halcyon days. Yes, it was war. Yes, there were casualties, but their group remained intact, successfully carried out missions, saved lives, and fraternized in their down time. That group was John’s family.
“W-What?” He stammered.
Clem was nine, but had already developed a distaste for her own kind. Children, that is. It wasn’t because they were mean or rude, but rather because they were so vapid and selfish. Their concerns rarely spanned beyond basic creature comforts: when the next toy will be purchased, what they are going to wear to school, whether they will have ice cream or cake for dessert.
“Is he coming back for the rest his clothes at least?” He asked Clementine.
He reached down and began stroking Sherlock’s still hard cock.
“I merely woke of my own accord and noticed your absence.” He tightened his grip on the sheet at his hip.
, John thought. Anderson and Donavan were also there. They didn’t seem to recognize John. All the better as far as John was concerned. From the brief interaction John had with them that evening it seemed nothing much had changed in their general demeanors or personalities. Sherlock still gave them shit about their love lives. They still called Sherlock a freak.
“Yes!” He repeated.
The two waited, rocking together. Sherlock sat up as best he could and pulled John’s t-shirt over his head. John set the phone on the table next to them and began unbuttoning Sherlock’s wickedly tight dress shirt as the other man peppered kisses to his chest. He was nearly to the last button when—
“I want you to imagine that your fist is her dripping wet cunt. Do you want me to describe it you? Let you know how good it feels?”
'Cause the world got in her way
“You just keep that crazy bitch away from my girlfriend.” Anderson sneered.
At this question Sherlock scoffed and giggled. John just stood there confused.
“Have you ever heard the saying ‘never be rude to someone that handles your food’?”
Sherlock slapped his fist down on the table. John nearly dropped the mugs in his hands.
“Clementine?”
Sherlock’s heart clenched at the sound of John’s request.
“Do you think we can make that happen?” She asked sweetly.
Sherlock sighed as he stared off in the direction of Clem’s room.
It wasn’t as if John had never seen a dead body before. In fact he had seen many over the years, most of which were in much worse condition than the one on the floor in front of him. But he always knew how his patients died. Blood loss. Blunt force trauma. Dehydration. And he knew the circumstances surrounding those deaths, more or less. There was something eerie and unsettling about not knowing the basic details of this woman’s story. Then, suddenly, Sherlock began rattling off deductions. It wasn’t the whole story, but it gave a humanity to the woman that wasn’t yet present.
Clementine moaned around his hardness with each shallow thrust. He didn’t hear a sound from the man in the chair. He snuck a furtive glance in his direction. Sherlock was stock still in the chair, sat in the same position John had last seen him in. Finally the pressure began to build and John could feel his orgasm approaching.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “I’m not going back there,” he said.
Hey all! I'm here with another update. I just finished reading "A Little Life" and I am totally dying! My heart is broken and while I only aspire to be that amazing of a writer I decided I needed to write some sad stuff. Enjoy!
“Oh, god.” John’s voice was shaky and desperate. He looked down at Sherlock, still voraciously sucking his cock. When he felt Clem’s fingers brush up against his entrance he took in a sharp breath and tightened his grip in Sherlock’s hair.
She turned away from him with a spin, sloshing beer over her shirt and across the floor. John clenched his fists.
“I need to know it’s her!” Sherlock cried.
“Touch him,” John said looking Clem right in the eyes. She reach between them and pealed the condom from Sherlock, flinging it to the floor. John had after all said he wanted Sherlock to cum on her tits. Slowly she stroked him as John remained still and seated inside him. Sherlock shivered between them.
“Move in and you can watch.” Sherlock cut in.
A moment later he heard the sound of his phone’s video call notification.
“John!” Sherlock shouted in return as he too succumbed to his orgasm.
“Games? Oh I’m not playing any games. I’m simply wondering why Sally is still hung up on Brice, when you’ve been shagging Sarah for the past three weeks.”
“The Spy!” The bookie gave him a black toothed grin.
Sometimes it happened in the morning. John would be nearly ready to head out the door. He would lean down to give Sherlock the customary goodbye kiss. As soon as their lips touched, that yearning, that urgent need for the other roiled deep in their stomachs. Sherlock would stand, wrapping his arms around John and who would inevitably be late for work.
“Yeah I guess so.” He drank down the last of his tea and set the mug on table.
“Touch yourself Sherl. Wrap those gorgeous fingers around your aching cock. I know you want it. You need it, love. Go ahead.” Clementine’s voice came through over the phone.
“You’re a good man John Watson.” Sherlock whispered as he bent down to brush their lips together.
“I—I don’t know what you mean,” he stuttered.
“Sherlock would have you by the hair, holding tight while he fucked your face.”
“They did let you see her body. I was there.”
The police had visited her at the hospital, asking her all sorts of weird questions about men and companies she had never heard of. This was how she learned the truth. They treated drug crimes of this magnitude very seriously. She even heard one investigator say to another, “This isn’t justice. This asshole deserves to rot after what he did to that woman and kids.”
Sherlock gave a soft smile and looked down at his feet. John thought for a moment that he could see a small blush cross his cheeks, but he couldn’t be sure.
It was Sebastian Wilkes, the older boy from that last party that barged into her room. Clementine sighed to herself, but didn’t move.
Suddenly Sherlock was sitting up. John pulled his hands away so as not to hurt him. Then John was being pushed back into a chair. Sherlock pulled off his boxers, rolled the condom on, and climbed into his lap.
“I—I, uh” Sherlock stammered, “I want to ride you.”
“Not that you are concerned with my safety one lick, but he nearly flattened me on my way into the building.”
“You can’t do this, Sherlock. You can’t!” She ran down the stairs, pleading. “I’m really sorry about your friend, but you cannot go back out there around all of that.”
“It’s been a while since I paid a visit. I just thought I would stop by and check in.”
Clementine was unmoved.
-------
“Sherlock, what is this?”
They could both feel the other’s growing erection, their hips grinding together in sweet desperation. John reached between them and cupped Sherlock’s hardness. The other man whimpered at the touch.
“It’s time for you to go Jim. If you ever come near me again I will have you banned from the building. Do you understand me?”
“Let’s fight about it upstairs. I need to grab my sweatshirt and phone anyway.”
“You told me you didn’t show him.” John accused, reaching up a hand to pull at Clem's pert nipples, a playful gesture.
John was throbbing as she recounted every detail of her erotic moments with Sherlock.
“I probably wouldn’t have been able to handle this.”
Clem twisted her face at this response. As Sherlock typed a response on his phone she took out her own and shot Mycroft a text.
With that final command John was cumming. He felt thick hot ropes of cum fill Sherlock’s mouth. He had to fight his eyelids that wanted to slam shut against the pleasure, but he forced them open. He forced himself to watch as Sherlock did exactly as instructed. He watched as Sherlock swallowed ever last drop of cum John shot into his mouth.
They tumbled onto the bed with a relieved sigh, their bodies sliding together like two missing cogs in a watch. As if time had ceased to be while they were apart and only now could they begin living again.
John slurped the top of his ice cream, careful not to take too much at once.
“Well at the moment it is mostly because I am finished with my studies in a few months and I am not sure where I will end up after. I’m not even sure I’ll get to stay in London. It wouldn’t be good to get attached to anyone…romantically.”
“Yes,” he husked.
John shifted uncomfortably.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait here.” John said the Clementine. He walked over to Harry, dancing alone.
The voice penetrated the air once again. It was heavy, breathy, and slightly annoyed coming through softly gritted teeth.
“Lord knows I’ve spent a great many days hating you Mycroft Holmes.”
Clementine sat in a large overstuffed chair in her bedroom. Out her window she could hear the shrieks and laughter of other children. Hateful.
“How about this,” John called again. “It’s some new true crime docuseries about a guy wrongfully charged with murder. You can sit here and tell me everything they get wrong and who really did it until Clem gets home.”
His tone was clipped and seemed to indicate he didn’t feel the word “man” properly typified Clementine’s father. The two barely noticed, however. They were too busy gazing fondly at the statuesque picture the young man cut.
For just a minute the three of them sat there on the bed wrapped around each other.
“I don’t see why you felt the need to call him.” Sherlock’s words were sharp, stabbing.
“Honey,” Ms. Hudson interjects solemnly, “If he is on these drugs that may not matter. These things rob you of the very things that make you…you. He may not be the friend you remember.”
“If it’s a show he wants it’s a show he will get.”
“I don’t give a fuck what she did.” John growled. He released Anderson from his grip, but was still poised to fight if anyone tried anything stupid.
“He’s been in the ring three times now, undefeated. He’s quick. Good at finding the weak spot. That’s why they call him The Spy. Nothing gets by that one.”
“No.”
“Then the lab cleaned it up!”
At this, the once hard expression on the man’s face broke and a stricken look engulfed his features. He quickly recovered, a mask of pure indifference replacing his true feelings.
John had lost all sense of reality. He was completely drunk on the pleasure of the moment. He stood there silently shivering with anticipation and longing.
“Have you seen the little freak?” Asked the tallest boy amongst them.
Sherlock stood there for a moment, allowing John to flounder and gape like a fish. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t slightly enjoying it. Finally John’s words returned.
Sherlock let out a mewling cry at the sensation before recovering himself.
“However, I will warn you that my father is an intensely private man and would not appreciate strangers snooping through his house. And he does have quite a temper on him. Let us also not forget that my father is in charge of the money that buys you those fancy clothes and expensive electronics.”
I know it’s not like he died. But I’m really struggling with it and I can’t tell anyone here. I don’t have anyone to talk to.
“I’m sorry. Wait. How did you—”
With a huff Sherlock pulled himself from the bed. He grabbed Clementine’s dressing gown from the back of her door and wrapped it around his naked frame, before plodding into the kitchen. John, following close behind picked up his trousers from the hallway and hurriedly put them on.
Clementine shrugged, unbothered by the interruption, as she began nibbling on the edges of her cone.
“How is that, love? Does that feel good?”
Clementine was completely lost. John could see it. Her head was thrown back. She leaned back against the couch, only her tits and cunt on full display as she fucked herself in front of the camera.
He heard feet pounding from deep within the apartment and a deep voice grumbling loudly about inconvenient prats knocking on the door at this time of the evening.
“You do not have a monopoly on suffering Sherlock! How dare you tell me she was nothing to me?! I loved her and I will never be able to tell her that. She will never know and that kills me!”
“Yes, John. Yes,” she cried out breathlessly. “You can have me. Take me. Make me yours.”
I hope you enjoyed! Let me know what you think in the comments!
“No. I’m your friend.”
“And you couldn’t bear to be anywhere else. That’s not the John Watson I know.”
“You wrote still has trust issues,” John said.
He ran wax through his mustache, curling the tips slightly before donning his flat cap and vest, and heading out the door. His cane, his actual cane, was nothing more than a plain stick of wood with a curved handle. A far cry from the black, silver handled cane from the night before. John loathed the thing, but bore its necessity with quiet grace.
“Not if those friends do drugs Sherlock.”
For a moment they remained still, catching their breath. Then Clem moved.
“Oh you really are a tart,” John growled. Next Clem felt John’s hand on her breast then cold air. He had pulled down the cups of her bra, turning them under just slightly. This put her breasts on salacious display.
He felt the delicate lines of her throat, flicked a thumb over a hardening nipple, and splayed his palm on her stomach before reaching the waistline of her jeans. They were snogging fiercely at this point. Their kisses desperate, tongues darting out for needy tastes. Slowly he popped the button of her jeans from its eyelet and eased her flies down.
Sherlock lifted his head and looked John straight in the eyes.
John wasn't convinced. He wanted less than nothing to do with these people who first created plight, then basked in the adulation charitable giving brought. John had no intention of writing the standard shallow who's-who commentary. If he was going to be forced to write this article he was going to do it his way.
“I know people at the Met,” Mycroft reminds him.
, John thought.
John towered over Sherlock, encasing him in the frame of his arms and chest, pressing sucking kisses to every inch of his neck, his shoulders, his chest. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s back, holding on to his body as if he were a cliff from which Sherlock might fall to his death, but with the gentlest comforting touch, like John was a piece of porcelain that may shatter under his large hands.
What unfolded before John’s eyes was a delicate, but brutal dance. The Brick was forceful, but The Spy was quick. Punches landed to faces, to ribs, to shoulders. Each man took their beating and kept dancing.
“Now dip them in as deep as you can go.”
Sherlock stared at her, dumbfounded. “I—They—They wouldn’t let me see you. I tried so hard to find you. To get to you. It just—”
John and Clem had somehow worked out a rhythm between the two of them. With every thrust John fucked Sherlock into Clementine’s hand. She gave a slight twist with every thrust, as much as the minimal space between her and Sherlock would allow.
“Oh god,” Clem moaned, “You
Sherlock whimpered against John’s lips frantically nodding his head.
Clementine froze to the spot like a small animal caught in a cage. Then, slowly, she closed the door and stepped toward Sherlock.
“She would have been mixing them under the hood! She is PhD chemist for christ sake! Even if the bottles were mislabeled she would have mixed the chemicals she
Her father was arrested and sent to prison.
I have been terrible at replying to comments over these last few updates! I'm so sorry about that. I will get on it right away. Hope you enjoy the update. Another one is on the way.
And this gorgeous, delectable treat was all wrapped up in pink lace. It was more than John could stand.
John gets a text and comes running.
“Has anyone ever told you that you have the most ridiculous lips?” Victor asked. Clem saw him reach out to brush his thumb across Sherlock’s lower lip as she walked out of the room. Truth was she didn’t need to pee. She just couldn’t stand to be in that room any longer. They weren’t actually there to buy weed and she wasn’t trying to fuck Victor so why did she need to be there? She had only gone because Sherlock was too nervous to go himself. That seemed to no longer be an issue.
Humming with satisfaction, Sherlock slipped the first digit in. Making short work of it, he had three fingers sliding easily in and out of John in a matter of moments.
“Have a good time,” she said with a slight wave. “And drive safe. It was nice to have met you.”
Clem was laid out on a table, covered up to her collarbone with a thick white sheet. Her eyes were held closed with medical tape and a small white towel rested under her chin to keep her mouth closed. Apparently dead bodies do not appear restful, calm and asleep as they do on TV. They gape. Eyes don’t shut. Neither do mouths. They stare up at the living with a desperate, accusatory plea. Why are you alive and I am not? Sherlock didn’t know.
“John…I understand there is a history between us. However, I must tell you that over the past several years I have begun to consider myself married to my work and—”
John tugged gently at his waistcoat and ran his hand down the tails of his jacket. The pants were too high in his opinion, adding to the flightless-bird look. His hair was slicked back and parted sharply at the side, the blond nearly as white as his bow tie. His mustache elegantly waxed, combed, and curled. He looked rich. He felt ridiculous.
“Yes, sorry. Yes. Mike, hello.”
Mycroft gave a pinched smile and slight nod to the man before extending his hands to take those of the two children in front of him.
They remained like that for an eternity which passed in mere seconds, feeling each other, tasting the salt of skin, the hard planes of muscle and the soft slide of skin. They rutted against each other building an overwhelming tide of rapture between them.
She pouted a lip up at him, batting her eyelashes. He turned his head away, intent on not looking at her pleading eyes. She snuggled her face into his chest.
Sherlock thought for a moment. Opened his mouth to speak. Closed it. Thought some more. Then opened his mouth again. When he spoke this time it was rapid fire.
“Can you not do that at the breakfast table, Sherlock? I mean really! It’s unsanitary.” John chided him as he dumped his tea cup and toast plate in the sink before walking over to the other man to lay the customary goodbye kiss to his head. Sherlock, who normally ignores any complaining John directs at him, chose this moment to finally respond. As John leaned down, lips pursed, Sherlock turned his head up to speak.
“Shush.” Chided Clem. “You were four. What were you supposed to do?”
John blushed a little. Had he been presumptuous? Perhaps it had all been about sex and John had just stepped over some line he hadn’t realize existed. Clementine could see the unease on his face.
The tall man turned to his companion, caressing her uninjured hand and running soft lips over her forehead.
Sherlock had always had boundary issues, leaning in close over John’s shoulders as he worked, read, or typed. He had no problem manhandling John in the name of a case, grabbing his hand, his head, his arm to push or pull John where he needed him to be. But these new unnecessary touches? These statement touches? They were new.
“Johnny boy!! What are you doing here? Come to dance with your big sis?” Her words were heavy and loud, slurred with alcohol.
“Bedroom?” Sherlock offered.
“Is he nice?” She asked.
Clem smiled gently and stroked John’s hair.
“Absolutely not.” Mycroft and Ms. Hudson responded in unison.
He turned on Sherlock, unable to recognize him in his fit of rage. Mrs. Powers unable to speak as she gasped for breath watched helplessly.
“Fight until someone can’t get up. Never hit a man when he’s down. No hitting below the waist. Shake hands when you’re done. Have at it.”
“Out there,” he thrusts his finger toward the window, “That isn’t safe. Here,” he points down, “This is safe. But he isn’t here. He’s out there. And yes I understand the threat to my sobriety that continued contact with drug addicts poses, but Rizz is more than just some drug addict. I owe him my life in so many ways. Yes, you dragged me out of that squat house and I will forever be grateful for that. I owe you my sobriety, but I owe him my life.”
“Where is Sherlock?” She demanded, ignoring his jab at her.
“Sherlock. What are you doing?” Mycroft seethed at him, holding Ms. Hudson tighter as she let out a wracked sob. Sherlock turned on his brother.
John set a hand on Clementine’s shoulder and gently kissed the top of her hair. She reached up and brought John’s arm around her chest, between her and Sherlock.
“Yes. Fucking give it to me.”
The other man’s presence emboldened him. He gathered Clementine’s hair in his hands once again and angled his body to begin thrusting shallowly into her mouth. If Sherlock was going to watch John was sure as hell going to give him a show. He twisted his torso to accentuate the muscles in his chest and abdomen.
Quickly, as deftly as possible, he typed back a message to Clem.
“I wish I could be there with you two.”
“Now you have to leave. You can hide in the library or something. There’s big curtains in there.”
“Do you feel that?” Sherlock gasped and nodded his head frantically.
John sighed heavily, regarding his sweet treat with a look of disgust and contempt.
“Now if you two will kindly take your little domestic somewhere else. We have a cab to catch.” Sherlock stalked passed the two and hailed a cab. John wrapped his arm around Clem and escorted her past the arguing couple and into the waiting cab.
“There you are,” John said reverently. They shared a pregnant moment before John continued.
“Don’t lie. He ran into the house. He is in here somewhere!” It was the boy’s turn to shout at her now.
She heard footsteps entering the room.
He turned back to the counter and the source of Clem’s frustrations. Sherlock was arguing with the hostess behind the counter about the length of time it takes to make chicken piccata. Poor thing looked terrified and irritated all at the same time. John was starting to get the feeling that this is how Sherlock made most people feel.
“I was thinking we could go to the symphony.”
With those final words Clementine pulled her fingers out of her aching cunt, continuing to rub hard and fast on her clit. Suddenly John saw as streams and streams of cum shot from her body, splashing her thighs, covering the pleather of the couch, a drop even falling on the lens of the camera.
“That’s what this is all about,” John said waving his hand about as if the situation were something he could gesture towards.
“Yes!” John shouted in response to the unasked question hanging between them.
John scoffed at the idea.
-----
“I missed you too, desperately,” Sherlock replied grabbing fists full of John’s jumper.
With a brief exchange of soft smiles, Mycroft turned with a twirl of his umbrella and left the flat.
She saw one of the officers lean over her mother then look to another and shake her head. She knew what that meant. A wave of panic seized her and she flailed even harder.
She had been expressly forbade from going to her room during today’s event. Her mother caught wind of her ploy and warned her not to continue for fear of her father finding out. Clementine knew that if her mother found out it wouldn’t be long before her father found out.
“Just thinking about it makes me hard.” John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and brought it to his prick, which was becoming heavy with desire.
“These people
“So this is the answer?” Clem gestures around her. “I’ve taken you for a lot of things Sherlock Holmes, but an idiot was never one of them.”
“Yes.” He heard the soft voice respond.
He didn’t look back. Didn’t even look out the window once he found his seat. If he had he may have seen a tall, lanky figure with a mop of curls standing near the station silently watching as the train pulled away.
“You can’t honestly think I would be angry that you two had sex without me.” John pulled out of Clementine, leveling out their stances. He gripped her waist gently in a hug as he caressed Sherlock’s face.
“Well, this visit has certainly been … enlightening.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” came Clem’s leveled response.
With this statement John had reached the final button and deftly relieved Sherlock of his button down, leaving him only in his undershirt.
Slowly, in an agonizing slide, Sherlock pushed into John until their thighs met. He stilled for a moment, letting John’s body adjust. Then John rocked his hips. He thrust into Clementine, then back onto Sherlock’s cock. Back and forth he undulated his hips.
“New guy!” The bookie yelled over the din of the crowd. “Scrappy. Fit, but not as big as The Brick. Who is, eh?”
“Yes! Stretch me. I want to feel full.”
“What does he want,” she leaned over to look at the text. Sherlock clutched the phone to his chest.
“I know.” Mycroft’s voice was resigned, mournful, but not angry.
“Who’s that,” she asked as he surreptitiously read the message.
“If you need a flatshare to stay in London and you don’t have a job keeping you here, why don’t you go live with your mother in Norwich?
John flinched.
“Yes. I put my knees up so he could see me better. He kept touching me. Putting his long fingers deep into me.”
Now that was a sight: John, knees bent between Clementine’s legs, cock thrusting up into her. Clementine, exposed, restrained, being fucked.
At those words the man’s face turned to pure rage and he lunged forward, grabbing Clementine by the arms.
“Fuuuuck,” she moaned, “He fucks nice and deep and hard. God he can go forever.” Her head sagged as John shifted his hips and began pounding on her g-spot. “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Yeeeeessss!”
John wash the memory down with the sting of cheap whisky. The lines of reality and fantasy blurring.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“Yes, touch yourself. That’s it.” John encouraged. “You look so goddamn gorgeous ridding my cock like that. I want to fuck you until you cum all over me. Can you do that Sherlock? Will you cum all over my chest?”
“Or for that matter,” John continues, “’do onto others as you would have them do unto you’?”
Mycroft asks Clementine for help.
“Get back here! We’re gonna pound you!” Came the taunts.
Sherlock and Clementin moaned simultaneously at his words. Sherlock felt John’s hand spreading his cheeks apart, cool air hitting his entrance as John pulled his cock away. He couldn’t be sure, but Sherlock hoped that John was tipping the camera to give Clementine a view of the salacious tableau he was arranging.
“Your hair and posture suggest military. You walk with a cane, but you have yet to sit for a rest, suggesting that your limp is psychosomatic, which further suggest the events surrounding the injury were traumatic. Your face is tan, but you have no tan above your wrists.”
day since you walked out on us.” The tears were no longer threats as they poured full force from his eyes.
He had been in this kitchen plenty of times now, but he was surprised at the ease with which he moved about it. Grabbing the milk from the fridge, and pointedly ignoring whatever it was in the pickle jar Sherlock had been storing for the past week, he made his way to the kettle by the sink and filled it.
This routine became so common place that John stopped thinking about the touches each time they happened. It just became another source of comfort in his life like a warm jumper or chair. Always there. Always welcome. He wouldn’t really think about it until Sherlock had a particularly grueling case that had him in and out of the flat or even completely gone for days on end. He missed the feel of Sherlock’s hand on his or the other man’s warm body beneath his fingers. He craved the closeness in Sherlock’s absence.
“I occupy a minor position in the British government.”
Mycroft had delivered the message that, by order of their parents, Sherlock was no longer allowed to associate with Clementine. She hadn’t been allowed to visit him in the hospital and had not seen him since she was discharged a few days later. Mycroft informed her that Sherlock had regained consciousness shortly after arriving at the hospital and had been kept overnight for observation. He suffered not serious injury, just the minor concussion and some bruising to the face.
John could see tears threatening at the corner of his eyes as the taller man fought back the avalanche of emotions cascading in his expressions. He could see anger and pain and confusion and elation and remorse and fear.
He was only confident that it would work with Sherlock. He only needed it to work with Sherlock.
Clem raised a hand and the men stopped their forward motion, not letting go of the boy. She approached the trio.
“I didn’t. Not on purpose,” she gasped as John plucked her sensitive flesh.
“My life isn’t usually as damsel-in-destress-y as it was yesterday. In fact it’s usually rather boring.”
“Are you okay?” The question came simultaneously from Sherlock, in front of her, and Mycroft in her ear.
John chuckled at his lover before patting him playfully on the bum, slipping into a dressing gown and heading for the kitchen. He shuffled down the hall, stretching indulgent aches from his muscles and yawning. When he entered the kitchen things seemed a bit off. He didn’t take much notice, just a little niggling feeling at the back of his eyes.
Mycroft looked properly chastised.
“I need to stretch out that tight little body of yours so you can take all of me don’t I?” John slid in second finger and began pumping in and out. Then he wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s aching prick.
No one's listening anyway
"It's okay. I'm not upset. I want you to enjoy each other. I want you to be happy."
“Your supervisor from the clinic?”
At this point Sherlock leaned over to scribble something on a notepad.
“There was nothing in your letters that would have been helpful to Sherlock.” The statement hit John with such a blunt, matter-of-fact tone it knocked him back a step.
“I have missed you every moment you have been away.” Sherlock confessed between kisses.
John rubbed his hands across his face and sighed.
“No.” Sherlock said, not unkindly. John slid his hand back and forth on Sherlock’s shoulder once, twice, before withdrawing and heading out the door.
John considered himself handsome, but knew few women would be willing to go home with a cripple. Even if he managed to spark the interest of a lass, they would likely run in disgust once they saw his shoulder.
Periodically Sherlock would pipe in with a comment.
“You can’t be in here.” Clementine’s voice matched that of the little boy. It wasn’t angry. It was terrified and pleading.
Once he was able to come up for air he swiped the screen of his phone to read the text. Before he could even lay eyes on the message John had snatched the device from his hands. He sat up, straddling Sherlock’s lap and began reading out loud.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, love. Get up. Your brother is here. He’s in the kitchen.”
“I can’t believe you are missing this Sherlock. She feels so good Sherlock.”
“Do what?” He said, feigning innocence.
After some indeterminable amount of time, John gently guided Sherlock to lay on the bed. Sherlock complied, scooting to the middle before settling on his back. John crawled on after him and began divesting Sherlock of his pants. Sherlock was still stiff with desire. John had seen his erection before, held it in his hands, but had not yet admired it for the spectacular specimen it was. Long and sleek, like the man it was attached to, but thick with desire, soft to the touch with an unyielding firmness. John’s mouth watered.
Sherlock opened his eyes and sat up.
“I hurt every
“What letters?”
“I believe you said something about sucking him off.”
Here is one small piece that inches us closer. Let me know if there is anything in particular you want to see. Perhaps it will help me move this thing along!
“Yes, John. Yes!”
“Fuck! Sherlock, right there. Don’t stop.”
“Yes, Sherlock. Please. I want you to fuck me. I want you inside me. I want to feel you.”
The two men walked into the middle of the ring and John’s mouth went dry. There was the formidable Brick, large, bald, missing some teeth. He was the kind of man that could drive a railroad spike with one swing of a hammer and never break a sweat.
John watched with amplified enthusiasm and concern. As The Spy, Sherlock had shown amazing skill, but with each blow The Brick landed John could feel his heart stop. Luckily John’s revelation that The Spy was actually Sherlock Holmes did not diminish the man’s skill in the ring.
“Clem, I need your assistance.”
“If you two have some important chemistry thing that you need to be doing we can take the order to-go. You were just saying how you had expected us to get takeaway. Well? Let’s get takeaway.”
Some important people leave Clementine's life.
As if summoned by those words, Sherlock appeared next to John clad in silk pants and a t-shirt.
Indeed Sherlock had managed to bolt out of the room only carrying his pants and t-shirt.
Dear Sherlock,
They didn’t talk about kisses on the lips. This practice didn’t catch on as quickly as the others had. It was several weeks before the next incident.
“No,” Sherlock said gripping the edge of the curtain. “You told me last time that this was a good hiding place. I saw Wilkes shortly after I arrived and ran in here to hide. You came in a few minutes later. So technically you followed me.”
He gave a pointed look at Sherlock, who looked flushed and was breathing heavily. Clementine simply moaned in response.
John was secure in his feelings for Sherlock and for the feelings that Sherlock had for him. There was no jealousy or overwhelming need to impress the other. It was the best relationship John had ever been in. They had always been friends and companions, but the romantic element of their relationship had strengthened these bonds. Before they were content keeping the other safe and enjoying their company, now they found joy in bringing each other happiness and enjoyment. They thrived off the delight and pleasure of the other.
If Sherlock ever had to be out of town without John he was sure to keep in contact. If he needed help he would call John. Perhaps John would make a comment or ask a question that prompted him down another line of thinking, but more than anything John provided a sense of calm to Sherlock’s hurried mind. So John would just sit on the other end of the line and listen while Sherlock thought out loud.
“John. I’m—I’m so sorry.”
Quickly Sherlock shoved a hand between her legs and began rubbing her clit with the tips of three fingers. With a shout Clementine was cumming. Sherlock was still concentrating, though, as if his task was not complete. With his other hand he reached down quickly, gripping the base of his cock and pulled out of Clementine. Her ankles still rested on his shoulders. His fingers were still working her clit. Then suddenly John saw it.
Mycroft didn’t so much as chuckle. Sherlock hung up. Thumbing through his phone he scrolled to Molly’s number. Surely he could leverage the morgue worker’s feelings for him to gain access to a few body parts for a few experiments he had in mind. Then he remembered her babbling about some long holiday weekend she was taking with her sister. There would be no spare body parts for him that evening. He lay on the couch, defeated.
John stared at the image of Sherlock. He was still put together, clothes on, hair straight, but his face, his posture showed that he was coming undone at the seams. It was a glorious sight. His cheeks were flushed, his lips were parted. His hands gripped the arms of the chair tightly. John’s gaze was worshipful. He knew it reflected a lust he was feeling.
This went on for months until it had been just over a year since that first day Sherlock decided to lay a hand on the small of John’s back. At the time he had been nervous to make such a bold move. He had wanted to give something extra, something special to John for being the kind, brave man that he was, but Sherlock wasn’t sure that John would be receptive. His nerves in that moment seemed almost silly compared to the current situation he found himself in: sitting on the couch with a lap full of army doctor, an erection very clearly digging into his own matching erection.
“Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.”
text.
“That—was—amazing.”
Sometimes, if Sherlock had a break in the case he would send the random,
He stopped himself abruptly. There was no point in getting mad. By this evening, none of this would matter anyway.
“You two really care for each other don’t you?”
“Well, you are working for the Met. Still living at Baker Street, but what else have you been doing?”
“You know your boyfriend is probably sucking my brother’s dick right about now.” A voice pierced the silence of the living room. Clem looked in the direction of the noise and saw a girl. She looked to be a few years older than Clem, but she couldn’t be sure.
Sorry, this must be really boring. I hope you are doing well. I’d love to hear from you if you feel so inclined. You can send letters to the address on this envelope. If that changes I will let you know.
“Well it’s been fun talking to you bunch of chuckleheads, but I think I’m gonna call it a night,” John said tucking his phone back into his pocket. He threw a few dollars onto the table and was out the door before anyone else could say a word. He’d frankly had enough and was more interested in what might possibly awaited him at Baker Street than in listening to Anderson and Sally anymore.
“I couldn’t help myself John.” He sounded desperate and apologetic. “I saw her coming out of the shower yesterday. It was so beautiful.”
“I’m fine,” Clementine droned.
“What are you doing here?” He demanded acerbically.
“He tried breaking back into the hospital to see you a few times. They sent him to the country for the rest of the summer. He ran away three times. Presumably to find you. When school started things just got worse. He came home with bruises every week from fights. At first it just seemed to be insipid teenagers saying things about what had happened to you. We thought it would settle down, but then he began instigating the fights. He would spout off cruel and unnecessary deductions to provoke people.”
Clem shook her head, trying to loose the memory of those words from her mind as she stood on the stoop of the Trevors’ apartment. Resolutely, she reached for the knocker and announced her presence. Within a few moments the door opened. There he was. The same greasy hair flopped into his eyes.
“Yes. That’s right. After years and years of recovery John you have managed to throw her into a relapse!”
Sherlock gave John’s cock a few firm strokes. They both had to tighten their grip on the poor man’s body as his balance started to falter again under the pleasure of it.
“Whatever you want. You can do whatever you want!”
“Please.” John whimpered. “Please fuck me. I need you.”
Sherlock mewled at the implication. He had never taken naughty pictures before, and while he was sure John would angle it in such a way that there were no identifying features, his stomach swooped at the thought of being caught.
John spilled across the sheets while Sherlock spilled into him, the contraction of John’s muscles sending him over the edge.
“Nothing. He’s just sticking his fat nose where it doesn’t belong.”
Her previous efforts were all for not, though. Shortly after the kettle had boiled two groggy men padded their way into the kitchen. John was still in the boxers and t-shirt from the night before. Sherlock had traded his sheet in for a pair of pajama bottoms and a loose t-shirt.
As quickly as he pushed aside the thought of labels the memory of the previous night invaded his awakening mind. Once he had solved the mystery of the diamonds in the bags and presented his brilliant findings to the police it had hit him all at once how much he missed John. He had been completely absorbed in the case, a solid eight on his scale, and hadn’t thought once to call or text the other man. Now all he wanted was to see John’s radiant face, hear his voice, kiss his lips.
“John? What are you doing here?”
“Yeah. Yeah, we are still here. The power’s gone out.” The screen flipped suddenly and Clementine was greeted with John’s face, sweaty and flushed, illuminated by the light of the phone’s screen.
“Oh that’s rich. Do you normally walk out on people you care about?”
my life John Watson. I couldn’t live without you.”
John thought, returning his attention to Clementine, who was back on her knees.
“What do people normally say?”
“Answer me,” John growled menacingly.
“How did I know that you have promised your service to Queen and country in order to pay for medical school?”
Clem shifted a bit closer to him.
At the time he had been hunched over a microscope examining mold spores, but the image of John, sitting in Clementine’s leather chair, mouth slightly agape and quirked up at the side in excitement and self-satisfaction, remote control clutched in his left hand, eyes alight with excitement and glued to the screen, played easily across his mind.
“How are you doing? What brings you buy?” She asked squeezing the man one last time before taking a step back.
“That was you?”
Greg seemed desperate for what Sherlock could tell him, as if he knew less than John. Lestrad was a detective inspector now.
They made their way toward the basement where Mike escorted him into one of the labs. John looked around, soaking it all in.
He was close, they were all close. He could feel it. Then, like an exhausted runner near the finish line, John gathered his strength to finish. He began thrusting in time with Sherlock. Clementine braced herself, allowing the two men to just fuck her. She could feel the pressure building in the pit of her stomach.
With an audible growl, John removed his hand from Sherlock, pausing briefly to spread Sherlock’s cheeks, giving Clementine a gorgeous view of his slick stretched hole.
Clementine did as instructed, wiping the screen before settling back on the couch, gently rubbing her over sensitized flesh. John hit the button on the screen that flipped the image to the front camera.
Sherlock wailed in pleasure as John inserted a fourth finger. The widest section of his strong hand stretching him to the limit. Sherlock could feel John’s thumb rubbing against his perineum as he made short, machinegun jerks with his hand.
After one particularly stinging criticism, John smoothly took Sherlock’s hand in his and brought it to his lips. He placed a sweet kiss on the back of the hand before lacing their fingers together and settling their hands on the couch between them.
“Yeeessss.” She drew out her answer with a whimpering moan.
“Where is your mum now?”
John switches his clerkship to the A&E
“Yes, John. That’s it. Fuck yourself on my cock. You take it so fucking good.”
The taller man was now standing a few feet from John, smiling.
Clementine gritted her teeth.
“I’m not watching those stupid kids movies with you,” Sherlock snarked as they dashed up the stairs.
John stilled his hand inside Sherlock and took in the image in his hand. His cock throbbing at the sight. He didn’t allow her much recovery time before he had another demand.
Then they are kissing. It is a slow deliberate kiss. Each one wanting to feel every moment, every press of lips, every quick swipe of the tongue. Arms snaked around each other. Hands fisted in clothes.
“When did you get here?”
“Brother? Wait, I thought he was
TW graphic depiction of violence, domestic violence
“I’m not. Dear God, I’m not,” he sniffled into her shoulder.
Clementine confronts John about his behavior and John reveals a dark truth from his past.
“SH?” he asked.
“My phone?”
Mycroft put his tea back on the tray and straightened his posture, bringing his eyes to meet Clementine’s.
Sherlock had removed his fingers and was slicking up his hardened length. Then John felt the blunt tip of Sherlock’s cock pressed against his stretched hole.
“Mike can I borrow your phone?”
“Yes. Yes.” His plea was desperate. John griped Clem’s hair again and pulled her face up from the bed to whisper in her ear again.
John’s head was spinning. He couldn’t possibly remember everyone. The whole time she escorted him about the room she kept a genial smile on her face. She ended the tour by leaving John in the company of one Doctor Stapleton.
John had already moved on to nibble at his neck.
Sherlock’s gaze became laser focused.
This is just a quick wrap up of the sex scene from last chapter, before we get into more plot. Sorry for any typos. I wanted to get it up tonight. (no pun intended)
“It’s been three weeks. I can’t wait any longer. I want you,” John desperately explained as he slid his cock between her lips then up inside her.
A look of warmth and affection cascaded over John’s face as he stared down at the screen. Sherlock ran his hands gently over the other man’s thighs as he regarded him. Sherlock’s heart felt heavy. It was not a burdensome weight, though. It felt full to bursting, like a flower ready to bloom or a holiday cracker ready to spill treats to an excited child.
“It is your gran’s recipe. I’m sure your mother told you.”
“Listen,” Sherlock’s voice was more plaintive. “If it wasn’t foul play then why wouldn’t they let me see her body?”
“I’m the only one who can.” This earned her a confused look from the pair of adults. “The goal isn’t just to get Sherlock out of the drug den. The goal is to get him to come home and stay home. Clearly you have not been able to do that yet.” Her statement sobers Mycroft and stops him from interrupting. “He trusts me. He will come with me willingly—”
“Sherlock, what happened?”
“I am an adult, Mycroft. You cannot control me the way you did when we were children. I can go where I please and see whom I like.”
“You’re a bit of a shite sometimes. You know that?” John said teasingly.
When Sherlock deigned to acknowledge John’s presence, which he did more often than not, he would place his hand on top of John’s, giving it a gentle squeeze. They would eat together, sometimes watching crap telly, sometimes just chatting. On wild nights they would be called away on a case.
She leaned forward toward Sherlock, slipping farther off their cocks as she went.
“No.” Sherlock choked.
I have been in my barracks for the last two hours just crying. Completely worthless.
A few moments later Clementine took the toast out of the broiler and placed one on each plate. Sherlock buttered the toast, while Clem grabbed another knife and spread on the jam. When the intricate dance had been completed Sherlock handed John his plate.
Before bed, John, who always went to bed first, would gently lay a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Hey Clementine. I, uh, I got your text.” He shot a sideways glance at Mrs. Hudson.
“Whenever we were forced into a social situation, which was often, we would become each other’s excuse. Clem provided me with an adequate hiding place and kept away the more unsavory of our childhood companions, while I provided a ‘playmate’ of sorts to keep that—
John just chuckled at him.
It wasn’t enough. It was too much. He felt his orgasm approaching, but it seemed so far out of reach. John pistoned his fingers in and out of Sherlock’s body, now sucking his cock with dogged determination.
It was some time before he was able to gather himself enough to go to Barts and identify the body with Ms. Hudson, Sherlock, and Mycroft. It took every ounce of his strength to stand straight up. He gripped Sherlock’s hand. It felt like the only thing tethering him to the earth.
Sherlock stiffened, looking down his nose at Mycroft.
John finally looked up at her, still a bit sheepish.
Victor shot him a wry smile. Sherlock could feel his cheeks burning. Clem rolled her eyes.
“Investigation of what?” Mycroft cries, exasperated.
John growled darkly, “Oh God yes.”
Sherlock slowly ran his fingers through John’s hair. Down his back. Up his arm. He wanted to be closer to him, as close as possible, which he thought was odd given their current position. But he couldn’t help it. Within moments John began to stir. Sherlock felt his erection rub harder against John’s thigh as the other man snuggling closer to his body. John peppered light kisses onto Sherlock’s chest as he let out soft contented moans.
“Your limp. It’s psychosomatic. Your therapist doesn’t think you can properly handle the information. So she hasn’t told you yet.”
John smirked over his shoulder at the man pressed to his back.
“What on earth could be so important that you would interrupt my morning so early Mycroft?”
“He just came up behind you and slid it in?” John chuckled lightly next to her ear.
“Well, I’m about done getting my shite out of here and then I’m off to Reading for bit to visit family.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft warned.
“Yes! And I want the toy this time. You always steel my toy.” Clementine glared up at him accusingly. Sherlock glared back at her for a moment, then suddenly wrapped his arm around her neck, putting her in a playful headlock. She squealed and slapped at his arm.
Clementine stared up at his impassive face. Her body felt like ice, terror freezing her to the spot.
John creased his brow and frowned.
Clementine’s body stiffened.
“Your editor informed me that you were once been a doctor. I bet you two have a lot to talk about.”
John woke early again the next morning. How he got stuck with a weekend clerkship was beyond him. He kissed a sleeping Clem on the cheek before heading to the kitchen to grab a quick cup of tea and some toast.
Once again John found himself laughing heartily at the mysterious man. How could he be real? Smart. Gorgeous. Masculine. Witty. John ached to reach out and lay hands upon him. Would he ever be allowed?
Suddenly Sherlock’s voice was filling her ears. Her father quickly lowered his hand to his side and swung around, still gripping Clementine’s arm.
The trio falls into a routine, but it gets interrupted.
‘That’s why you interrupt her dates. You don’t trust the guys she’s with. You are trying to protect her.”
He took a moment to breathe in the smell of her, delectate, heady, and deep. He gently shrugged one of her legs over his shoulder, careful to choose the one farthest from their watching companion, so as not to disrupt his view. As if he realized the consideration that was given him, a small hum of approval resonated from the man in the chair.
“Okay. Okay. You’re right. But right now I need you Harry. Please will you come with me?”
I think I got food poisoning the other day because…
“Do it, Sherlock. Give it to me.” John reassured him.
All sense of joviality and play had been snuffed from the room. Sherlock simply stared at her.
Just then Sherlock felt soft strong hands rub across his shoulders and a soft kiss land at the top of his head. He had not yet lifted his gaze from the spores, but he hummed contentedly at the contact.
Clementine pinched the bridge of her nose. “By speaking during sex. You know the rule Sherlock. No talking.”
With all my love,
“Please Sherly. Please. Please! Please! Make it stop!” She wailed into Sherlock’s chest. “It hurts! Sherly, it hurts!”
As he approached the lab John could hear voices from within. Clementine had said she was with a student. So John waited outside the door to the lab for her to finish.
John peered over the wall in concern, but no sooner had he hit the dirt than the man reached up to the edge of the wood pallet and began hauling himself up.
The other soldiers in my squad are great. You get pretty close pretty fast out here. It’s weird. Everything is a bit heightened. I can’t explain it. Almost like everything is just more intense, but not in a way that you really notice moment to moment. Anyway, I probably not making much sense. We hang out in the evenings drinking and playing cards in the mess hall. Most of my days are spent in the medical barracks, though. We have a small field hospital, though I think the words “small” and “hospital” are both a bit generous. We can patch guys up so they can be sent out to fully equipped hospitals, but we aren’t really set up for much more. People come in and out for routine check-ups. Heat stroke, swamp foot, tendinitis are all pretty common.
“Watson,” came the deep rumbling reply as the smile curled into a salacious grin.
“You said, ‘We can smell our own.’ I assume that means your dad was a major arse hole too.”
“I just thought,” said John, “that it would only be proper for us to have a real date. I really like you, Clem, and I didn't want you to think that I was only interested in you for...you know."
“I’m really sorry for this,” he said to Clem without turning around.
“Please,” she begged. “Please come home. For me. I’ll talk to Mycroft. We will work it out.”
They lay in bed for some time after, just holding each other, caressing, kissing. Eventually, though, the day had to get going. John made breakfast while Sherlock showered. They went on as usual. John wasn’t due at the clinic that day so he spent his time cleaning, writing his blog, and running errands.
“What have you been up to all night?”
“It’s not you I don’t trust. It’s Clem.”
They sat on a bench eating ice cream from a small shop as they looked out over the river.
Clementine walked toward him wearily, as if he were a scared animal that might run away at any moment.
Standing next to her, a look of fierce anger on his face, long dark coat and blue scarf flung over a chair behind him, Sherlock gripped Clementine’s uninjured hand in both of his.
John sighed, “Okay.”
“Is that why she wasn’t at the train station to see you off?” Sherlock inquired.
“Dinner,” John would say.
“Listen,” he said in a lowered, sympathetic tone. “He’s in it bad. He could be anywhere. Honestly. But if you want to find him your best bet is to start with Seb.”
“She needs help Myc.” Clem said.
That was why he had to leave. If they cared for him the way that he cared for them his deployment would have been horrific for them. He had no intentions of starting any kind of emotional attachment before he left. In fact he was actively avoiding it. He had no intention of starting a relationship when he took Clem home that first night.
, Sarah knew this all too well. But she wanted her section to have more substance. So she tapped John, whose gender guarded his social standing and employment.
John obliged and picked up the pace. The kitchen was filled with the scandalous slapping of skin and the tortured moans of the two men. When John could feel his orgasm building he reached around to stroke Sherlock’s leaking erection, hanging heavy between his legs.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!” John yelled as Clementine clenched around him and Sherlock hit that sweet spot over and over.
She pointed a finger at him accusingly, staggering toward him, voice piercing the room. John took a step back and held up his hands, relenting.
“Clem?” A broken voice sounded behind her. She shot around searching for the source. A thin figure, splayed out on a bed of cardboard sat up. The figure wore filthy tattered clothes and a stocking cap. But through the dimness, underneath the grime Clem could see the sharp features of her friend.
Clementine hesitated a moment. John knew bits and pieces of her life before London. She had even revealed her eating disorder to him. That was not information she parted lightly with, but the trust that John had placed in her with his story had compelled her.
“Cuba, but how did you know—”
Sherlock sighed heavily.
“No he didn’t. Our parents did.”
“For putting you in that position. For Harry touching you like that. She marked you.” He gently squeezed the side of her neck indicated the offending spot.
Dear Sherlock,
“While we are on the subject of things we didn’t know about each other,” John ventured, “What was all of that stuff about drugs.”
John stopped his thrusting immediately. That wasn’t the answer he expected. He pulled out of Clem and flipped her over onto her hands and knees. Sliding back into her quickly he gently pulled her hair to arch her head back slightly.
Thank you to everyone who has been leaving kudos and commenting. You have made writing this so much fun!
She shuddered at the thought, remembering his scrutinizing gaze during weigh-ins. He would pinch her sides, her inner thighs, under her arms. It wasn’t sexual. She was property. A prop put there to make him seem more human. But when he was done, when he had removed his hand, his gaze, she would shower. Scrubbing the sickly feel of him from her skin.
“Show me her left arm.” Sherlock’s voice rang out in the corridor.
Lost in the slick sounds of her mouth and his own moaning he almost didn’t hear the click of the door. When the soft foot fall hit his ears his eyes shot open. What he saw made his jaw drop open. The man from the living room, the roommate
Suddenly, Sherlock was distracted from the throbbing of his own erection when he felt an insistent push against his hip. John was slowly grinding his own impressive erection against Sherlock.
The body roused with a groan. As the face turned up toward her, Clem drew her hand back in fright. This wasn’t Sherlock. The face of an old man, sporting only about three teeth, all black, peered up at her. His face was sagged, scarred and dirty.
John crawled up the writhing body underneath him and whispered in her ear.
Sherlock let out a mocking laugh.
The words had not ever really been spoken beyond the confession of exclusivity. But when Sherlock had asked John to move in last night he had wanted to say yes. His first thought was, yes. But then he remembered the email. He remembered what his life truly was.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and glared angrily back at John. Clementine’s face was still buried in his chest, while Sherlock gripped her hand tight and held her close. In that moment John could feel the other man’s distress, his pain. John’s look softened.
It happened again the next morning. And once again the following afternoon.
When a cool slick finger slid down the split in her cheeks she realized what he had done, what he was going to do.
Shift. Tilt. Spin. The evening dream spun on and on.
He kissed at the tight ridges of Sherlock’s abs and around the edge of the towel that was now only tenuously hanging onto the man’s thin hips.
, John thought.
moved.
“Yes, Sherlock. Yes. That’s it.” John cooed encouragingly.
“See you tonight,” he would say.
Slowly he lifted himself from the bed. Clementine moaned languidly at the movement. He placed a small kiss on her forehead as he passed over her. As he walked to Sherlock the other man lifted his head, which had been leaning against the back of the chair. His eyes opened lazily to watch John, in all his naked splendor, cross the room. As John approached him, Sherlock’s breath hitched. He ceased breathing altogether when John reached out and gently grabbed the wrist of his soiled hand.
Perhaps this made him feel like he belonged in the ranks of his filthy rich clientele. Clementine’s family was also rather rich, but it was all built from the ground up by her father. She had heard the term “nouveau riche” thrown around in relation to her family and knew this didn’t sit well with him.
Her brain was operating at lightning speed. How could she get out of this? How could she minimize the pain? Where could she run? How was she going to kill Sebastian Wilkes?
“I’m okay Sherlock. You got me. I’m here. I’m okay.”
John H. Watson
“Hello?” She had a high sweet voice.
“I need a case, Mycroft.”
Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John’s trunk and began sucking at his neck. John stared over Sherlock’s shoulder at the image in his hand.
“That’s because they were insipid ankle biting snot nosed mongrels.” Sherlock interrupted. At this John ceased his light kisses and huffed a small laugh against Sherlock’s skin.
“You get yourself all smooth and shiny and pink for me. Put on some lace and lay it out for me when I come home. How lucky can one man get?” With that he gave her a playful smack on the bum. Clem just giggled.
When it was through, antibiotic ointment applied, burns gently wrapped in clean white gauze, Clementine was exhausted. She lay back in her bed, arm resting across her chest. Sherlock kissed her forehead as John divested himself of his gloves and Garrett set about cleaning up.
“Help!”
The text made Sherlock smile.
Now that their senses were more focused, she could hear the pounding of the windows in the flat.
“For the last time, Jim, no.” John recognized Clem’s voice and peered through the glass on the lab door.
“I know he’s here! His goddamn car is in the driveway.”
“Now,” she said as she walked behind John. “Shall you two continue where you left off?”
It didn’t take but a few moments of unremitting pounding before Sherlock was close.
As if to prove a point he brought his fingers to her dripping cunt, spreading her lips and exposing her clit to the cold air of the kitchen, before leaning in and sucking it into his mouth.
“You’re right. I did not bargain for you when I came over here that first night.” Sherlock was staring up into John’s heated gaze, frozen.
At those words John could not hold back.
Sherlock held him tighter.
“Fuck me until you come.”
“I have to go.” He said.
Sherlock slapped John’s other ass cheek and gave a few quick thrusts of his fingers before adding a third.
“I was in the shower thirty minutes ago. I just finished drying my hair ten minutes ago!”
“Fuck. Fuck! Fuuuuuuuck!” He hollered. “He’s fucking me with four fingers. Clem, it’s so much. So much.” Sherlock was jittering, the screen shaking with his movements.
“That’s what women DO!” John flinched as the man shouted his response. John reared back as if he were going to strike.
“Don’t touch me!” She screamed as her beer bottle fell from her hand and crashed to the floor. She stumbled back and collided with the jukebox causing it to skip and go silent.
“I followed her into the bedroom and—” Sherlock continued, but was quickly shut up by two fingers being thrust into his mouth.
“You texted him?”
Now, as he sat silently across from her, she wasn’t sure how to feel about him.
Neither had actually grown up in the city so these moments, where they could lose themselves among other tourists, where their awe and appreciation for the grandeur of the city would go unnoticed and unjudged, were precious.
“You’re going to cum for me aren’t you my dirty little slut? Now that I’ve fucked you good and hard you’re going to cum all over my hand and I’m going to cum inside you. Do you hear me?”
“Nothing, Sarah. I’m sorry. I just don’t think I can do this.”
Jim just stood there a blank expression on his face. Then he turned sharply and walked out of the lab.
“That’s why I’m at the A&E. They’re putting my on the frontlines as a field medic. I thought it would be good to get some trauma experience before I went out there.”
The grip on her arm relaxed slightly, but still held firm.
“Mycroft?”
“I want to feel your prick rubbing against my shaft.”
“Oh Christ!” John’s voice quavered.
He crossed the room in two steps and pinned her arms above her head, kissing at her lips gently.
“No, Clem. He can’t.”
Clementine shot him a questioning look, peering down at the hand, back to his sister, then back to his face. John nodded slightly in affirmation. Clementine gave him a sweet smile and nodded back.
“What do you think you are doing?” Clementine shrieked.
“Oh, sure! According to the lab assistant? Hardly a reliable source. I told you her mask was in her desk drawer. I saw it there that afternoon.” Sherlock paced back and forth, manically in front of Mycroft’s desk.
Sherlock had notoriously failed his driving test twice before barely eking by the third time. To celebrate, his father bought him a new car.
Clementine looked between the two men, brows creased, dark circles hanging under her eyes.
“Yes, sir.” Her voice was small. Sherlock almost recoiled at the sound. He had only ever known her as a fierce and powerful presence.
The doctor noticed the concerned look on her Aunt’s face.
But he was also ashamed. It was a constant reminder of his failure. She had protected him all of those years and he was helpless to protect her from what tormented her.
Clementine heard these words as well. She sat straight up, chest heaving as her breath quickened with arousal. She had wanted this too. After past encounters Sherlock would critique the men she had been with. He was terribly good at deducing what exactly she had wanted and exactly where they had fallen short or excelled. These were intensely erotic conversations for Clementine, while Sherlock acted as if he were giving a chemistry lecture. She had always wondered what it would be like to give him free reign over her body. He was a theoretical expert in her pleasure, but had never applied his knowledge.
But then he left. He left her hear and he didn’t look back. He abandoned her, cut her off from everything she knew and loved.
As he opened the door to leave, John turned once more to face Sherlock.
“You want to be fucked so bad, don’t you?”
When they entered the apartment John spotted a leather sofa off to the right and quickly pushed Clementine toward it, her calves hitting its edge. They toppled onto soft cushions, tongues dancing together. John groaned into Clementine’s mouth as they slowly ground their bodies together.
“Don’t laugh at me!” He screamed as he pushed her against the lab table behind her.
“They’re gone.” She assured him with more annoyance than sympathy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Say it.” Sherlock’s voice was barely a whisper, a silent choke.
Sherlock shoots him a level stare.
Clementine stumbled aside as a large man and a seemingly larger box charged toward her. Her shoulder collided with the wall, her school bag, heavy with books, swung through the air, pulling her body with it.
“I was there,” he confessed to his hands. “I was feeling a lot of things at that time. I couldn’t bring myself to say goodbye to you in person, but I had to see you off.”
Sherlock kissed John intently on the lips, rocking them back and forth.
Dear Sherlock,
I hope to finally finish the work during this quarantine. I have a other chapters done and ready to post. It's almost there!
Through all of it, though, they had failed to notice the large group of Met agents just standing there gaping at them. When the two finally got to their feet they noticed the confused and somewhat uncomfortable look on Lestrade’s face.
It could have been worse, she realized. Aunt Martha was a lovely woman, a saint really. She apologized for what seemed like weeks over the sleeping situation, but tried her hardest to create a private space for Clem. She purchased privacy screens for her as well as a new set of pillows and blankets just for her.
John was sobbing with pleasure as he thrust forward into Clementine and back onto Sherlock's fingers, trapped between the two most beautiful people he had ever met. Then suddenly he felt very empty.
“I was four-years-old. It was Christmas Eve and I couldn’t sleep I was so excited. Harry, my sister, she was nine, had got me all worked up. Telling me how Santa was going to come down the chimney and eat the cookies and leave presents. It was the first year I was really old enough to understand the story.”
“I can’t wait to get you perched on my cock. Would you like that?” His voice as low and heavy, eyes glazed over with lust. Clementine stared up from the bed, equally affected. “Would you like me to fuck you until you cum?”
“I’m afraid it is quite your typical boring story. Working class family. Dad liked to drink and knock mum around.” He wasn’t going to boohoo the situation. He wasn’t looking for sympathy.
“Just in case you were wondering.” The statement had cut through the laughter, but Sherlock attempted to keep his tone light, unaffected.
Sometimes it would happen after a case. One or both of them exhausted, but exhilarated. They would sit on the couch or lean against a door or wall and just devour each other. Desperate kisses placed on lips, cheeks, and necks.
“No! Mr. Powers it’s me! Sherlock!”
“John, meet my roommate Sherlock.” Clementine gestured to a tall man standing in an archway that appeared to lead to a kitchen. His features were sharp, his skin pale as Clementine’s and hair just as dark. His eyes however, shown an otherworldly shade of blue green. He was wearing a smart suit, with his shirt undone around the collar. Bit odd for around midnight on a Friday night. Bit odd for sitting in your kitchen alone actually. John didn’t really know what to think.
“I was so impressed with the way he helped people. He’s the reason I got into medicine. I wanted to help people like he did.”
She handed the phone back to him.
How did John know? He always knew.
“Looks like the only one left is you.” This comment John directed at Sherlock. “Touch yourself.” He commanded. “Show us how to please you.”
This had become a regular routine for John Hamish Watson. Each evening, after clerkship or class or rugby practice or whatever he was doing that day, he would come down to this bar, sit on this stool, and drink himself into oblivion.
“Are you one of Clem’s friends from school?”
“I want to cum in your mouth. I want to cum hard down your throat and I want to watch you swallow ever drop I give you.”
“You may not go into a drug den, young lady. It’s too dangerous,” Ms. Hudson chided.
“He could have set it up so that he didn’t need to be there!”
John got the hint.
“As I have already explained to my brother, Doctor Watson, it was not in his best interests to continue your acquaintance. After Clementine’s death”— John’s jaw clenched at the sound of her name—“it was best for my brother to move on with his life and learn to take responsibility for himself. Pouring his sorrow for Clementine into a relationship with a soldier overseas was no way for him to heal. I know what kind of relationship you had—”
“Can’t sleep?” Came a familiar voice as the kettle clicked.
John shot his head up to meet her gaze, a bit shocked.
“I lost you once Sherlock. I can’t go through that again. Please.” Tears began to form at the corners of her eyes. Sherlock turned his gaze from her to his brother.
For a moment John had almost forgotten his own arousal throbbing between his legs. At the sound of Clementine’s moan he slowly began thrusting against her, his cock sliding slightly between her cheeks.
“It is really important that you keep your nutrition adequate. You will heal faster, better, if you stay well-fed.”
John’s flagging erection jumped at the thought. Sherlock could feel it hardening against him and he started to grind their hips together again. Slowly they rocked together as John typed out the next message.
“What do you mean ‘didn’t have to leave.’” Sherlock eyed him suspiciously, John sensing a hint of anger and fright in his voice. He held up his hands in a placating gesture and took a step back.
John understood why they had lied originally. They meant so much to each other, that much was clear. When you hold something that dear you are not eager to reveal your sentiment to a practical stranger. A love like theirs was precious and needed to be protected.
The two shared a smile and a chuckle. After a moment of silence Sherlock shifted in his seat.
“Don’t,” she warned, pleaded.
John thrust up into her, kissing her shoulder as her shirt draped off it.
“What do
She began to jerk her arm. John instructed Garrett to hold it still.
“He turned to me and said,” John cleared his throat and deepened his voice to imitate his father. “‘Santa isn’t real you little shite. I buy you this stupid crap with my hard-earned money then you’re cunt mother puts the presents under the tree and lies to you. It’s not Santa! It’s me!’
She hadn’t actually seen Mycroft since he dropped her off here a year ago. He had been a brother to her for so long. It was Mycroft that had opened up the Holmes family to her in the beginning. He always suggested including her in their family outings or setting up visits between her and Sherlock. She was never sure if he did this more out of a sense of brotherly duty to Sherlock, to make sure he had a friend, or whether he did it to protect Clementine.
“No. She seems happy enough.” Sherlock observed.
“Well why don’t you come home with me and we can dance there?”
John had been immediately intrigued with the specter, but no more than a moment after learning the his name they were parted. John had been drawn away by Irene Adler, who had decided the journalist should be inside mingling rather than outside conversing with a solitary man.
He remembered that day. They had gone for a walk through the city. It was one of the few times when they were all free from work and school and the two of them were able to convince Sherlock to get out of the house with them. Clementine had insisted on taking the picture. She said that it was a historic occasion, getting Sherlock out of the house without the allure of deductions, science, or tracking down Clem. John could feel his eyes beginning to wet.
The pair kissed again. Over and over again. For how long, John couldn’t tell.
“John! John, I can feel you.” Sherlock moaned.
