The small voice niggles inside my brain, taunting me for comparing my lost lover to my new friend.
“But-“I tried to rebut but he hushed me with a simple bite of my lower lip, tugging it out ever so gently before releasing.
“I was just...looking around and stumbled across it.” I lie but I could tell he saw right through it. He didn’t second guess my answer though which I was grateful for.
Despite my angelic nature, there was just something so...appealing about him. I did miss Dean, but this version of him craved me in a way he never did.
“Hey. It’s not my fault they make those damn cans so small.” He quips before going back to packing.
“Back to my bed.” I breath out, giving her hand a soft squeeze of reassurance. She pushes the blanket aside, weakly pulling me to join her.
“Ugh, I should have expected nothing more than this childish response from you Dean. Why is it so hard for you-” He was cut off as the bunker door clicked open, Cas appearing in the doorway with a cluster of bags.
“Then why-” I begin but he holds up his finger, hushing me.
How do you hold her close to where you are?
I nod, having forgotten completely forgotten about my invitation to the library that I had extended to him last night. I finally manage to start her up, giving her wheel a gentle tap of approval.
I had no idea where the confidence had sprung from but
“Good pet.” I coo, completely enamored.
I shiver, a warmth filling my veins like fire.
“Yes, perhaps to wipe out the vampire nest as well.” I murmur, turning my attention to Dean who was scanning the crowd.
I didn’t even hesitate as I lean forward and brushes my tongue over the skin, lapping up the cream from the corner of his lips. I felt his body tense, his hands finding his way to my chest to gently push me away. Had I perhaps misread this whole situation? Was I so self-absorbed that-
How can he be so sure that this is what he wants?
“Come on Cas, you can’t just freeze me out.” I let out a sigh, dragging my hot coffee closer. Bringing it to my lips, the bitter taste washes over my taste buds as I chug it down.
“I don’t need this anymore.” His eyebrows furrow, heart heavy, “It’s useless.” Turning on his heel, he doesn’t hesitate when Sam asks him to stay and vanishes without a word.
“He is going to love these.” She announces, giddily hugging the shopping bags close as we shuffle back out into the bitter cold, slushing through the melted snow as I gently hold onto her arm so she doesn’t face plant the icy bitumen.
“Im going to be here for another month or so before I head back to Korea. So call me, yeah? I would love to hear more about you, Cas.” With that, he slips away into the crowds of people, turning back once to give me an all-knowing smile.
The look on his face said everything. I had basically told him that my emotionally stunted mess of a brother was never going to love him the way he craves.
“It’s such a human thing to have.” He speaks, a small smile on his lips. With each passing day I noticed his grace fade a little more as he became more and more human. He had gone from a puzzled angel to a man wanting to learn and just fit in. It really was inspiring.
“I’m,” He pauses for a moment, dragging his eyes back down to his phone. “Going out on a date.” He rushes out and I almost choke on my own tongue.
“Actually, I read this morning about an attack in Ohio. It sounds like a vampire nest. Fairly straightforward. I figure we could head out for just a few days, get it over and done with then head home.” He responds as my eyes drop, following the swirling liquid in the cup as I roll the mug between my fingers.
of pleasure from the other.
White ribbons splatter over the stained motel sheets, his body shaking in absolute ecstasy. His hole clenches, milking my dry of my own orgasm. “Fuck-” I let out a low moan, filling him to the brim with my cum. Crowley continues abusing his mouth, lips plump and swollen as he sucks hungrily. With a final thrust, the demon fills up the younger male’s mouth. The seed spills out down his mouth and over his chin, lips parted as he lays in a lustful daze of cum and saliva.
“How about things you have always wanted to do here on Earth that we have never had time for?” He seems to take my suggestion on board, his eyes squinting a little in his familiar way as I can almost hear his brain ticking.
I cut her off, despite how out of line it is; “Michael?! Are you kidding me?” My eyes widen and her jaw tighten.
“Think Dean, it can’t be that hard. This is Cas we are talking about.” I let out a low sigh.
“No. But it is one of my favorite songs to sing, it harbors such a powerful message, don’t you agree?” He looks up at me through dark lashes, “Hey, I have got to run or I will be late but uh-” He quirks a small smile, pulling a pen from god knows where.
“I couldn’t sleep.” I comment, moving to my feet and shuffles to stand in front of her. She shies away at first but I reach down and catches her face between my palms. “Talk to me. Like you said, I’m here for you. If you need to talk.” I speak quietly, brushing my thumbs over her tear stained cheeks.
“Whatever you like man. As long as you remember it.” I nod, gathering up the now checked out books.
“Is this going to have any relevance to me at all Sammy? Perhaps something about food, monsters or a hot chick?” I quip, moving my arms up to rest on the dining room table. He rolls his eyes, settling down on a seat opposing me. I lean back in my chair, stretching out my legs as I gesture for him to get started.
“Dean.” He cuts me off yet again, forcing me to take a breath and meet his gaze. “If you aren’t ready, you don’t have to explain anything to me.”
I look over at the perky blonde in the driver's seat, her pink beanie is pulled down over her hair and she is all rugged up in winter gear which was a vast change from the outlandish dress she was wearing the night before. She is singing loudly, her whole heart poured into it which I thought would annoy me but she looks so happy as she belts out her tunes that I don’t mind so much.
With a heavy sigh, I drag myself inside.
“You left your beer in the other room so I brought it for you.” He interrupts my gushing over the pie and I swallow quickly, taking the half-finished beer from his hand. His eyes linger on my pie, not letting his gaze break.
“Sam doesn’t blame you for not knowing. He has grieved and moved on. All you can do now is be supportive of his new girl. He deserves happiness. You both do.” He murmurs softly, releasing me from the hug.
Both brothers turn to give him a look, Dean already shrugging on his jacket.
By the end of the shopping spree we had put together a neat little box chocked full of presents; A digital camera, a “kiss the cook” apron (Gabby insisted), A gardening book and the first season of ‘Friends’ (Gabbys’ favorite show).
“What is wrong with liking a book such as this?” He snatches it from my hands and shoots me a look along with a tsk.
“Stay with me.” She murmurs softly.
“I know. I noticed. Perhaps we should just watch something ‘till Alfie arrives?” She offers, dropping her hands to gently tug on my suit jacket. I nod, the files now forgotten as I slip from the chair and follows her to the couch. She flops down first and I slide behind her, wrapping her up into my arms. She was so small she curled into me like a small pillow.
“You don’t know them Dean.”
“If you are lucky, sometimes when you go to someone's version of heaven, they will have music playing. Over the centuries, music has vastly changed for you humans. It is quite incredible.” He comments.
When it is Wednesday and I realise that this didn't actually publish- forgive me ;-; New chapter updates every monday depending on my work schedule.
“A... plant. You are going to buy Castiel a plant?” He deadpans through the phone and I feel the heat creep up onto my cheeks.
I place the order before returning my phone to the designated spot. Mistress has always been strict on manners and etiquette, the only time I dare touch my phone in her presence is via her request.
I shake myself out of it. No. Dean has been gracious enough to teach me how to do this, focus.
“There is a 24-hour diner just around the corner. Do you want to go?” She asks, quirking her head to the left as she leans on the bar, showing off her numerous piercings down the curve of her earlobe.
Switching the porn off, I toss it aside without a second thought and desperately reaches for the sexuality book Cas had leant me. Even as I flick through the pages, I was disappointed with the lack of neon sign, telling me that this is normal for me to feel.
“The article about Innate Bisexuality?” He interrupts, his eyes lingering on my face as I clear my throat, a slight warmth rushing to my cheeks as I nod.
“You seem to enjoy it as much as I do. At least the stuff I blast anyway.” My eyes move back to focus on the road, glad the traffic was light as I reach over to take the coffee cup from Cas’ hands. He always enjoyed holding my coffee cup for the warmth on days like this. I never mind, it makes it easier than blindly fumbling around for it.
“Sammy~” She gestures for me to follow her into the store and my attention is drawn back from the overcast clouds. Greeted by a flush of warmth, I feel my teeth chattering come to a halt and relief flood my bones as we step inside the store. We are acknowledged by a few bored, dead eyed employees as we make our way to the men's section.
I hear the click of the front door and I straighten my back like a reflex. Eyes downcast, I remain silent and unmoving as her heels click slow against the wooden floor before shifting to muffled taps on the soft carpet.
The glass doors slide open with ease, a rush of warm air flooding out. It was a well-kept building for its age, neat shelves stacked as far as the eye could see. The smell of moth balls and aging books mixed with coffee was strangely welcoming and the soft jazz playing over the speaker was enough to calm even me. It was rather inviting but I knew just from the rows of aisles, sections and complicated order I would need a map of some sort. Spotting a sign right beside the checkout, I made my way over and within seconds of turning to look at the directory, Cas had completely vanished from sight.
Considering he only ever came to me for sex, it is a complete shock but I am not complaining. I sit up a little, tilting his chin down and presses my lips to his. I expect him to pull away but instead he melts under my touch.
“No, rather demon blood.” I breath out, clicking my tongue as the smell clicks into place, “It’s hunters. My apologies.”
Intrigued, I step inside the dainty store to take a closer at the plant. Cas is always talking about gardening but being cooped up in the bunker doesn't allow him to act on such a luxury. Perhaps he could start growing them in his room?
Its a short chapter but I hope it gives you a bit more insight to Gabriel.
“Mistress?” I murmur softly and she lets out a gentle hum in response, brushing her nails through my hair. I melt instantly under her gentle touch, loving the feeling of someone playing with my hair. “Have you met Jensen before?” I ask quietly.
“If you wouldn’t mind...” She breathes out.
I slide my right hand down, pushing my index finger back inside him slowly. His back arches up, fingers clawing at the sheets as he cranes his neck down to watch me. I curl my finger, sparkling the grace inside him.
“Are you sure that’s what you wanted to talk to me about?” He pries a little more and I just nod quickly. I could sense his disappointment and I wish that I was strong enough to tell him the truth. He just lets out a sigh and nods, “Good night then.”
“Dean-” His voice is soft, pleading.
“You seem like the kind of person to always worry about others to the point where you no longer enjoy just existing.” She hums out, eyes glued to the ground. “Don’t worry so much about what’s to come.”
I feel like such a pervert, staring at him the way I was. He just looks so
As the t-shirt clad male chokes on the other males’ cock, making the lewdest of noises, my imagination begins to run wild. if I imagine it as
“Why do you like him so much? I never understood why he means this much to you. He threw you out when you became human, he left you in purgatory, he abandoned you when you lost your marbles.”
With a few more rolls of his hips, he leaned forward a little further. Lips inches from mine, his dark, hollow eyes met mine. A low, sexy grunt pulls from his throat as he grinded his cock against mine, the clothing only making it that much hotter.
“Psh. So? Unless there is something you want to tell me about yourself.” I tease lightly but he seems frustrated, slamming his laptop lid closed. I was surprised, not expecting this kind of response.
“But-”
“Sam. Please. I do not need your pity.” His words are blunt and I feel a sense of guilt rush through me. I haven’t done anything wrong but I have always felt a sense of responsibility for Deans’ thoughtless actions.
“Really?” I seem genuinely surprised, considering how young he looks. Barely out of high school to say the very least. What is more surprising is the fact he was lumped in a room with a first year like me.
Her hand turns over and she laces her fingers with mine, giving my palm a gentle squeeze.
“I’m getting a toothache just looking at all this stuff.” I mutter, trying to pick up more substantial items along the way that are not coated in glucose and sugar.
I push past a few students who have blatantly taken up residence in the middle of the hallway; boxes and bags strewn everywhere. I jingle my key, shoving it into the door and with a click, I shuffle into my new room and closes the door briskly.
“Why do you think it peeked your interest?” He asks, tilting his head in that was he does when he was analyzing what I say.
I nudge her snow boot under the table with my foot, a quirked smile on my lips as I squish down my own burger to consume.
I spread his thighs a little wider, dragging my hands over his plump cheeks. I pull a hand back and meets the skin with a firm slap and he jolts forward a little with gritted teeth. The noise is loud, reverberating as I rub the reddened cheek slowly.
This was probably the most awkward dinner to ever have occurred. Silence and tension hangs over our table like a gloomy cloud. I nudge Cas under the table with my foot to get him to stop glaring at them like he was trying to read their soul and thoughts.
“I don’t think so. Maybe he is meeting up with someone? Or hunting a small case?” I offer, but I know as little information as he does. I text back a simple
“One more stop and then we can go home, Cas.” I tell him, a mischievous smile crawling over my lips.
She doesn’t respond but that doesn’t lessen my worry. I sit on the edge of my bed, twisting my fingers in my sweatshirt. It must have been close to half an hour when she emerges. She flicks the light off, clearly jumping a little as she notices me sitting on the edge of the mattress.
I look up and spot a man seated a few meters away on a small platform, a guitar settled on his knee as he began to sing. His voice is something to admire, smooth and melodic, almost
“I just... never had time I guess.” I shrug it off like it's no big deal.
I pop the candy like treat into my mouth, chewing for a few seconds. A sour taste hit my buds and my left eye unwillingly twitches. My whole face screws up involuntarily before I spit it back out into the cup.
Dean clambers off the couch, fluffing out his messy mop of bed hair. He looks over at Sam momentarily as the taller brother slips inside the bathroom. He moves to stand in front of me, the laptop held protectively to my chest as I look up at him.
“What you walked in on last night. I can imagine it would have been quite a shock.” He treads carefully around his choice of words and I clench my jaw.
“Dean, I’m-“ It was hardly a warning as his hips jutted, a long melody of moans falling from his lips as he climaxed. I swallowed it all, salty taste and all. I pull back, a string of drool connecting my swollen lips to his now softening cock, a dribble of semen cascading down my chin.
I reached for my blade that lay untouched on my nightstand but he was faster, catching my wrist. A low growl pulled from my throat, hatred bubbled to the surface.
“Thank you, Dean.” He murmurs.
“Bitch. Don’t start with me.”
“My my...and what do we have here?” A low drawl slips from Crowley's lips as he appears in the corner of the room. Scotch in hand, an amused look clouded by lust for what looks to be for Dean who was silently begging for more; rolling his hips longingly against the sheets as an attempt at relief.
“Anything.
“This is not supposed to be easy, Castiel. I am to push you to expand your circle and better yourself as a person. Have I ever endangered you?” She asks.
I had almost made it out the door before anyone had woken but just as I slide into the car, coffee nestled in Babys’ cup holder I almost jump out of my skin as Cas pops into the passenger seat without warning.
She nods in thought, remaining uncharacteristically quiet as begins dumping armfuls of candy into the cart.
“We are going. Right now. It is literally an hour detour from where we are headed to see such an amazing place.” She exclaims, stubborn to her cause even when I try to resist.
“Dad trusted them. Therefor so do I. When are we ever going to complain about extra help?”
With a burst of spontaneous determination, I click on the drop bar and moves over to gay porn. My fingers hesitate as I scroll through the countless videos, unsure what it was I was even looking for. Some of these looked overdone and very uncomfortable.
“Enjoying it without me?” I hear a gravelly voice, masked by a smirk as I squint through the glass shutter to make out Dean’s outline.
TRIGGER WARNING: Please note that this chapter does contain a visual panic attack. It's quite descriptive so please keep that in mind. Thank you.
“Ready Samsquach?” The blond beside me asks, balancing her shot between her slender fingers. She has a wicked smile, curls that fall just below her shoulders and strikingly bright eyes. She was wearing a form fitting dress in the most hideous pattern I could have ever imagined but against her tanned skin, she really pulls it off.
“Whatever Cas, just be careful, yeah?” He gives my shoulder a firm tap and I jolt a little in surprise.
I place it on the table with a soft
“If you want to act like a child, I will treat you like one.” I glower; staring him down, “When you are sober and actually wanting to talk to me instead of snapping at me, You know where to find me.” I shove the glass bottle back towards him and he seems to get rallied up again only to let out a long puff of air like a deflated balloon.
“I haven’t know you for very long but I feel like you carry a lot of weight around with you. Whatever has put you in such a sour mood is adding to that stress. So if you want to talk Sam, I'm here.” She withdraws her fingers, gently brushing them over the rim of her coffee cup. I watch in silence as she begins gently peeling open sugar packets and pouring them in.
His low, inhuman moans grow louder, legs wrapping around my waist to gain better leverage and hands limply trapped between us as I continue to pound into him mercilessly.
“Tell me your name. Unless you want me to stick to blondie.”
“I don’t think he was. Cas, I’m sorry.” Sam let’s out a gentle sigh.
Taking her blanket, I gently pry her from my side and lays her down. I gently tuck her in and as I’m about to move back to my bed, her hand stretches out and takes mine.
Or you get nothing.”
“Come ‘ere.” He gestures for me to move closer. Peering inside at the multitude of gears, parts and grease, I was definitely out of my depth. Guns, knives, mass destruction, I could do. But a car? Perhaps I shot too high and should pick something a little more mundane.
We both laugh quietly and I hear Dean snap through the phone; “Asshat. What are you giggling about?”
“That’s fine, I am not really fussed where I sleep.” I comment, knowing that ‘sleeping’ is a loose term. A downside of having insomnia.
“You had no right to do that, Sam.” He growls, shoving me back.
“I mean-” He emphasizes the word, moving closer and I feel his naked, taunt chest pressed invitingly against my back. He slides one hand up over my chest and the other down my stomach, mindlessly following the line of fine hairs with the tip of his fingers. His calloused hands feel hot and my cock twitches in excitement.
I make my way back, placing the cup down on her night stand. She is shaking too much to hold it.
Filling him to the brim and I let myself ride out my orgasm slowly. I pull out, collapsing onto the wooden floor next to him. I pant, trying to catch my breath and without any sense of warning, he climbs up onto my waist and settles his ass down onto my hips. His dark eyes devouring mine as he traces patterns on my chest.
“You know that Dean didn’t do that to hurt you, right?” I respond but his look turns to one of bemusement. Even I didn’t believe myself. Dean would never intentionally hurt Cas but the shadow of our father always reappears around the presence of other hunters. He once again become the carbon copy of the macho man that dad had molded him into and I always hated it, Cas even more so.
“You two?!” Deans voice raised and my instinct was to protect Cas who looks absolutely humiliated.
A flush crawls over my cheeks. It has been less than a week since our last encounter and I couldn’t stop craving his touch.
“Ah! This one is perfect!” She makes a beeline for a lime green snow jacket and I quirk a brow at her.
“NO! I mean... just stuff about it.” I respond, my heart pounding in my chest as I was sure that my cheeks were a flaming red. Oh god, what kind of library is filled with Erotica?
“Do you perhaps think he is in danger?” Cas asks, pushing his waffles away. It was a shame as he usually gets overly excited about the treat, only now to discard it.
I didn’t have it in me to even be angry at Cas. This was all my fault and if those two want to be happy together, who was I to interfere? I had clearly lost my chance.
I hit the call button on my phone, once again met with Sam's voicemail.
sexual partners throughout my life time. But the thoughts I had over the years, unholy or not were always extremely explicit. It would make Lucifer himself blush.
“No, I got it for you.”
“Call it a character flaw.” I respond, hoping the hint of humor in my voice would lift the dark cloud that shrouded around his slender figure. I saw a ghost of a soft smile on his lips before it disappears and for a moment, I thought it might just be the illusion of wishful thinking.
“Good boy. Now suck.” He demanded, pushing his clothed cock towards my face. I probably would have teased and maybe denied a little more had I not been so incredibly horny.
“Gabby. Really, you don’t have to fill every silence.” I reassure her, “I am in the car. I’m not going anywhere.” I nod, my eyes drifting back down to my cup.
The loud, persistent buzzing of my phone drags me out of my blissful sleep. I roll over with a loud groan, slamming the dismiss button on the alarm with a wide yawn. After a moment of tired contemplation with only wanting to snuggle further under the blankets and sleep longer, I force myself out of my warm blankets. With bleary eyes and stiff muscles, I drag the decorations to the living room.
“Maybe we could listen to your music.” A small smirk tugs at my lips and I dust a fresh handful of flour over the now puffing dough.
“That toaster is a ridiculous contraption. Why on earth would it pop out so unexpectedly like that? They should really think about a timer.” I huff, remembering how I had almost blown up the kitchen in absolute surprise after watching the toaster too intently and the bread popping up without warning.
“Sammy, who’s that?” A female voice coos on the other end of the line. My eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
Castiel decides to bring a third to the party.
“Sweetheart, if you are up for the topic; I would like to talk more about the boy I selected for you.” Her golden gaze meets my own and I feel my heart leap at the words.
The bickering continues between us as I try to force feed him a bit, my body almost on top of his. I finally manage to push the fork between his lips and he finally stops moving, eyes lighting up. I pull the fork back, not moving. “It’s good, right?” I gush a little as he nods eagerly. My smile grows as I take a little more of the pastry on my fork, holding it out for him and he takes it into his mouth this time without a fight.
Although I used to go centauries without human interaction, now I feel a pull for it. With Sam disappearing not long after Dean, I was left on this planet alone with my mission. Distractions become harder to find, but following Hannahs’ advice, I try the soothing touch of a shower. The warmth searing into my vessel, filling me up from the inside.
There is an array of plants lined up neatly along the windowsill, one in particular catches my attention. A soft white, half-moon shaped vase with a stem sprouting an array of delicate purple flowers.
“Practice safe eating. Always use condiments.” He literally deadpans, his face stoic as I burst out into genuine laughter.
Her fingers move swiftly, popping open the case. She shuffles through her copious amount of paperwork and pulls out a soft pink binder with my name pressed in gold foil on the front. I feel a sense of warmth and security, something about the official way its done makes me smile.
Enjoy the update lovelies! You are welcome to follow me for a chat or update on tumblr: @sweetteamultifandom
Cleaning up the dishes, I pack up beers and I tuck his cake into an icy cooler as he vanishes to fuss over his plants one last time before we leave. I take my time as I load up the Impala, being met with a bright Cas.
Unzipping his dress pants, he gives himself a few strokes but Dean was more than eager as he leans forward and laps needily at the tip. “Good boy...” I coo softly, gently sliding my index finger down to tease his puckered hole. He opens his mouth, willingly taking in the hardening cock as the king grips onto his hair and rolls his hips slowly. Taking my cue, I spread his legs a little wider, my fingers digging hard enough in his skin to create new bruises over the fading ones. “Such a pretty thing.” I slide inside him with a low grunt, his warmth enveloping me completely.
“Oh, sorry.”
“As your mistress and best friend, I would never lie to you.” She quirks a smile, grabbing my arms and wrapping them around her waist, wiggling back into me.
We ate the rest of our meal in silence. I was the first to finish, getting up and I head to the living room with my box of pie. I manage to sneak a fork from the kitchen, settling comfortable on the twin seat and kicks my boots off. I rest my legs up on the couch, flicking on the television and as a pleasant surprise, I had managed to find a rerun of Dr Sexy.
“Dean, where is your usual music?” He inquires, pulling his hands from the sudsy water and dries them off on his pants, “Would you like me to turn it on?”
“Sam. I can hear your brain ticking over into overdrive. Focus on now.” She reminds me softly, her eyes meeting mine and I smile sheepishly. I nod, giving her hand an affectionate squeeze.
“Oh, really? I mean I assumed they weren’t magical in any kind of way but that just degrades them entirely.” He mutters, now clearly a little disheartened.
I felt so helpless in the moment.
“Cas.”
My heart thumps against my chest and my mouth dries as he turns his head, a half smile playing on his lips. He doesn’t say anything but the scene feels so wonderfully
Hope you guys enjoy the update! To see what else i'm working on, feel free to check out my tumblr; @sweetteamultifandom
“Alright, alright.” I chuckle, scooping up my steaming coffee and brings it to my lips.
“I’m a backpacker from Australia, it’s only 6pm where I'm from.” She smiles warmly up at me, “I just haven’t adjusted yet.”
“May I try to pour the coolant in?” I ask, keeping my eyes glued to the car. He must have debated with himself for a moment before passing me the coolant hesitantly. I ever so gently tip the bottle over, pouring the green liquid into the designated area. I could feel him close behind me, watching my every move. I stop when I see it creeping to the surface, passing him back the bottle.
I felt bad putting it so bluntly like that. It was nothing more than a scam but who was I to dampen his spirits? He had every right to get excited as he pleased.
I feel something stir in my lower stomach, warmth flooding through my veins and flushes against my cheeks.
“What’s it going to be?” I ask, digging my fingers into Deans’ sides roughly.
“Dean. You can’t have it both ways. You can’t expect him to stay miserable and pining over you like a teenager. Either stop being a moron and confess to him, or let him go.” I announce, moving closer to him.
“Oh, I was looking for...” I trail off. Surely, he wouldn’t judge, would he? Why should I care? It’s not like I was ever going to come back to this place again anyway. I speak low, peering around first to make sure no one else is around, “I am looking for the...gay section?” It comes out like more of a question and his face softens a little around the edges.
To be honest, it could have gone a lot worse. The hunt went rather smoothly despite being a clunky, disorganized mess. The only benefit was having so many people. The nest was smaller than I thought, taking it out within an hour. Covered in blood and bruises, Cas took his time and cleaned each of us individually with a gentle tap of the forehead.
After clearing off the sheets from the motel bed, I take a quick shower and resumes my mission of finding angels.
The waitress brings over our food and we both withdraw our hands. I drag my plate closer, although my gaze lingers on her a bit more. I
I settle down on the overstuffed couch as he sits down beside me, tentatively picks up one of the terribly wrapped gifts. I was incredibly nervous;
So a search had begun. The amulet firm in his grasp he began to look for answers he would never find. Hitting wall after wall. Then before Cas knew it, he felt the soul he rescued from hell fizzled out. It was alarm bells in his mind; this wasn’t part of the grand plan. He used every fibre of his being to reach Dean in heaven, to make sure that he was alright. Cas communicated, hung close by to discover why they had been set on this path. Then it comes to him; Joshua. If the boys’ found him, they would be led straight to god. They simply needed to find the garden.
He tugs up his pants, fixing up his jumbled uniform and smooths out the creases from his already crisp uniform.
The driver door opens and I look over as Dean slides in. A wave of relief washes over me as he slams the door shut. Dean shakes out his wet hair as he grumbles a little, mumbling about damp socks. It takes a moment before he looks up at us, letting out a prolonged sigh.
“Perhaps you could teach me how you maintain Baby.” I respond, gesturing towards the sleek car.
“But, I could have helped him.” I argue, feeling a sense of anger build up.
“Dude. This is as far as I go. My johnson is gonna go blue and fall off, I’m not puttin’ my nipples through that as well.” I pull a face and makes it clear with a wave of my hand that I’m stubbornly going to stay put.
“Castiel.” I hear my full name and immediately straighten, turning to look at Gabriel. “Would you mind waiting outside for me, I have some business to attend to.” She murmurs. I know she never used my full name without a due cause and I immediately nod, not questioning her. Passing her the clothes we agreed upon, I ignore the whispering sales women and slip from the store. With a tinkle of the bell, I sidle up to the car and lets out a low sigh, resting my back against the tinted window.
A small smile settles on my lips, the slight discontentment I had for her using up all the hot water slips away. It was a small gesture but I really appreciated it.
“Tell me about this wine.” She quizzes, her eyes fluttering as she circles the rim of her glass with her index finger.
“No music? How do you get through a work day?” I joke, a smile tugging at the corner of my lips.
That knawing feeling is creeping back up and doubt is clawing its way in but I would be damned if I let it ruin this moment. Gay or not, I was working this out right now.
Loading up the food onto the conveyor, the process was quick as they scan through our items. Sam pays as I pack it all back up into the trolley. We trek back outside and through the wet slush to the Impala. It begins to lightly drizzle, enough to soak through to my socks as I finish loading up the trunk of the car. With a look of distaste, I use my grace to dry them again.
“Romance?” I snort and he looks defensive.
“Dean.” His voice is firm and when I meet his eyes, it conveys all his emotion with ease. He is right, as always. I have no right to get angry after the way I rejected him yesterday.
“What are three things you have done this week that made you happy?”
“You are too kind, mistress.” I breath out as she reaches up and pats my cheek affectionately.
“Yes ma’am.” I murmur, nervously tapping my fingers against my strap of my old duffel bag.
“Open your other presents, yeah? I will go make us something to eat.” I pull myself up to stand and slips away to the kitchen.
“They are coming on the hunt with us.” He comments, peeling the wet jacket from around his shoulder and discards it on the backseat beside me.
He hooks his now bound wrists around my neck, pulling me so close that our lips barely graze and I feel a thirst to taste them but I remain still, waiting for his next move.
Cas refused to even look at me. Not then. Not when I told him we were going out for breakfast. Not when we were in the car. Not even when we were sitting across from each other in a cheap diner downtown.
“I know, I'm sorry.” He breathes out, refusing to meet my gaze and keeps looking out the window.
“Oh, um... No. I don’t require it as of yet.” I answer truthfully. Despite my humanity growing stronger as my grace begins to flicker out of existence, the basic urges had not yet become a requirement.
His hug is warm and I feel the knots that were building up in my heart, the thoughts that were pinging around my head falls silent and I relax. I wrap my arms around him, giving him a comforting squeeze.
Her free hand moves up to gently brush over my cheekbones, her brows furrowing as if she is trying to read my thoughts; “Ever since I met you in that bar, I have known that you are someone special, Sam.”
I slip it from the clothes hanger, stepping back inside the bedroom. I stand at attention, quietly just outside her wardrobe as I wait for further instructions.
It read; “About time I got out of that cookie.”
“Hey, Cas. Do you mind if I talk to you about something?” I place the fork and empty box down on the floor beside us. Maybe if I brought it up to him casually, just kind of ask him what he categorized our relationship as it wouldn’t be such a big deal.
“Why do you-” I stop my question as she pushes it into her pocket and zips it up.
“Cas?” I close the romance book and places it on the table, my eyes darting to the doorway.
Her words hit me like a bullet, my heart constricting in my chest.
“Cas.” I plead in a hushed whisper. The last thing I want is to start a fight in such a public place.
“I- what?” My brows deepen and I visibly start to shake, “I’m hoppin’ out. This is too cold for me.” I start when he interrupts me with an impatient glare.
I turn on my heel, side eying the clinkering air conditioner as I push my way from the building and marches towards the campus dorms. The chilly California air hits me like a brick wall causing me to curl deeper inside my old trench coat. Despite its thin, worn material it was something I clung to like a security blanket, even in the cooler months.
As the boys’ return to their mortal vessels, Cas appears in silence. He looks lost, leaning against the divider as Dean and Sam pack up their bags to head out.
“We will come back here again in the summer. When the sand is warm, tourists are loud and we see way too much skin on sunbaking, wrinkly old men, yeah?” I jest a little, nudging him with my shoulder and I watch as he nods, his face softening around the edges.
“Do something.” He urges the angel who remains motionless. The rain begins to fall faster, both men unwavering as they become soaked to the bone. They search desperately in the eyes of the other; looking for answers or guidance but all they held inside was pain and betrayal. Cas felt his heart surge with an overwhelming sadness as Dean spoke again; “Please, Cas. Fix this.” His voice breaks, the hunter swallowing quickly as they both know that what is coming is inevitable. Destiny could not be changed and they both knew that their demise was impending.
“Well, thanks Cas. That was nice of you.” I murmur, returning my attention to the pile of noodles.
“Why here? Wouldn’t someone like you want to travel to the tourist parts of the US?” I ask, not looking up from the laminated pages.
“Come on, I won’t tell anyone.” I lick the icing off the tip of my finger before going for a second dip.
His hand grips the shaft, pressing his thumb against the pre-leaking slit. With parted lips and hooded eyes, I let out a soft whine.
“My guess is that you have a present in mind already?” I inquire, already knowing the answer.
“Dean?” He asks yet again and I let out a soft sigh before responding.
“Asshat. What are you giggling about?”
The drive was short, arriving at a Walmart which was luckily only a few blocks away from where we were staying. Climbing out of the car, I shuffle through the icy slush and mud that was left from the earlier snowfall that day. The chill weather was less than pleasant, my breath puffing out in short clouds in front of my face.
He never gave me pep talks before a fight. How was this hunt going to be any different from the last ones? Before I had much more time to mull over his words, Sam re-emerges from the bathroom and with a final collection of boots, keys, wallets and phones, we were out the door and piling back into the Impala.
“Does it matter?” I ask, wondering how at all this was relevant.
“You don’t have enough in yourself.” She glances up at the clock and I notice it clicking over to ten, “Alfie will be here soon darling, may I?” She gestures towards my collar and I do my best to hide my disappointment at our scene already being over.
“Shut up.” He scowls, hanging up the phone as I shove my own mobile deep into my jeans. I place the Aster plant on the counter, making my way back to gather up some herbs; basil, mint, rosemary and thyme. I collect a small watering can with a yellow bee on it and a few tools he can use to repot the plants if need be.
“Cas’ birthday is tomorrow and I don’t know what to get him.” He responds and I am surprised.
“Happy birthday Cas.” I soften, dropping his hand and gestures towards the coffee table. “I bought you something.” I rub the back of my head, fluffing out my hair nervously.
“Dean?” He asks again, eyes meeting mine innocently enough as I try to fight the growing tightness in my pants.
Everyone is so judgmental, especially since ‘the incident’. Her name was smeared through the newspapers, her brothers having pulled her reputation through the mud but she was too proud to back down and always insisted on coming back to these places.
“Mm.” I respond, rolling my half empty coffee cup between my fingers as I let my gaze redirect out the window.
As the glass begins to frost and the steam has soothed my aching joints, I let out a relaxed sigh. Turning off the shower, I climb out and wraps a fresh towel around my waist. I lean forward, brushing my palm over the fogged mirror and wipe it clear. My blue eyes meet green and I freeze.
The door clicks open, peering around the curtain for a split moment I caught a glimpse of his hunched shoulders, tired eyes and bed hair. I reach for the soap, begin to rub down my body when I hear the gentle clink of the plastic brush against the porcelain holder. I could tell he was stalling, making out his outline through the frosted curtain.
I let my eyes drift towards the clock above the television, watching as it slowly clicks over to just after 6pm. I hadn’t even realized that time had moved along so quickly and I suppose neither had Sam as he mutters about getting ready to head out. I was still dressed as I came in so I simply stand and grabs Sams’ laptop out of the case for him as I assume, he would insist on doing last minute research to find the exact location of the nest. Regardless of our lack of preparation to actually find the vampires’ resting place, they were usually fairly easy to find. Mostly set up in abandoned buildings or deserted homes.
With a frustrated growl, I slump against the wall and slides to the ground.
The bus ride is a little longer than usual and as the sun begins to set and the street lamps flicker on, I become a little more alert of my approaching stop. Pushing the buzzer, I climb from the bus and steps out onto the side walk. Burrowing tighter into my coat, I walk quickly towards the skyrise on the corner of the block.
“Pet, look at me.” She tips my chin, angling for me to look at her properly; “You, are a strong and fierce angel. Do not let you tell yourself otherwise. You can always cancel but I think you would regret it at a later date.”
“How-” I start but I guess it really didn’t need an answer. He knew and there was no use in hiding it.
“Sam?” Gabby's voice interrupts my thoughts and I am dragged back to reality. I clear my throat, my brows furrowing.
“You bought me a present.” He states, fingers brushing over the delicate wrapping paper before ever so gently pulling it open. He is so careful as if ripping it was going to hurt my feelings in some way which I think is pretty damn cute.
As usual, it would just be the two of us until the opening at 9am. He busied himself with soft hums as he began to clean the dishes. I lean back a little to check him out. He was still fairly new, only having been here a month or so. He didn’t mind my loud music, sarcastic behaviour or flirtatious smiles and I didn’t mind his intense gazes and clumsy nature. It was so cute.
“I don’t give a fuck whether you live or die. I just came here to hook up and I found you laying on the floor, you looked pathetic. I couldn’t just leave you there.” He shoots back defensively, shoulders hunching as he averts my gaze.
Despite her demonic nature, she understood me on a level no one else did. She was gentle and kind when she wanted to be, protective over my wellbeing. She took care of me when nobody else did. I owe her my life.
The loud thunder clapped and I finally caught a glimpse of him under the flash of lightning; flannel shirt, dirt crusted jeans and boots. But his eyes.
She pouts a little, accepting the ball of chocolate into her mouth. She takes a moment, her voice small as she swallows; “Thank you. You are so good to me.”
“It is all our business if you start dating a demon.”
“Y-you did?” I stammer, clearing my throat as she shoots me a warning glare, “I am honored, mistress.”
He was sweet, having given me the pie but I knew by the way he was eyeing it off that he was now regretting his decision to let it go. I knew if I asked him yet again if he wanted some, he would immediately decline. He knows how much I love pie so he would pretend he really wasn’t interested in any.
“Cas’ birthday?” He inquires and I realize I didn’t tell him that I gave Cas a birthday, so I give him a brief rundown from the experience at the library and when he finally stops teasing me for being sentimental, he goes silent for a moment.
Having enough of being dominated, I grab his hips and rolls us both over so I am on top. I don’t wait for him to gather himself, I simply take him. Rough and hard, my sharp hipbones slamming against his plush ass with erratic thrusts. My palms grip at the gravel, almost chest to chest as I fuck him to my content.
“Actually, before I forget...” He holds up a finger and I watch curiously as he pulls closer another bag that I hadn’t noticed the first time. He digs around for a moment and he pulls out a box roughly four by four inches in size.
I let my mind lazily flick through my own fantasies, my eyes meeting his dark and lustful ones. He moves quickly, stripping down to absolutely nothing. I pull the fabric from my mouth, a smirk crawling over my full lips.
He doesn’t look like a local, not with his form fitting jeans and loose tank top, donned with a leather jacket. Despite his rather masculine clothing, he still holds such a petite and feminine way about him.
He eyes us both suspiciously, Sam immediately going quiet and getting up with a huff. He storms off to his room and I meet Cas’ gaze. His head tilts ever so gently to the left as if asking what was wrong and I respond with a soft shrug. He places the plastic bags on the dining table where I was situated, fishing through for my Chinese food. He places it beside me, his face lit up in excitement. “They gave me a bag of fortune cookies for free, would you like one Dean? I am eager to see the kind of prediction these small cookies have to offer me.”
“Gabby?” I stumble out of my tangled sheets, blindly making my way towards her bed as she curls up defensively into a ball.
“Such a
He drops one hand, grazing his fingers over the back of my wrist as I watch him have an almost silent conversation with the librarian. With that, the other man straightens up and his expression becoming bored and a little flat. “If that’s all you require.” With a stiff nod, he disappears out of the aisle. What the hell just happened?
“Not even for fun?” I pry a little more, scuffing my boot along the carpet slowly as my eyes look anywhere but into his.
Balancing it out, she finally finishes up and pushes the cart up to the checkout. She insists on paying before we make our way to the car. Pulling off the tags on my new jacket, I shrug it on and I feel instant relief against the winter chill. Loading up the trunk with all the items, she pulls out a pair of gummy bears and pushes them into her pocket.
“Seems someone has been fucking the demon for too long.” He tsks, clearly smirking at his own knowledge which I had no intent of chasing up. All I wanted to do was consume this boy and have him begging for release.
“What were you going to talk to me about?” He asks, moving closer to study my expression. I felt a little flustered at him being so close. Sam had really made me second guess our normal interactions. That asshat.
Within mere seconds he is dragging me to the ground, fumbling as he tries to get my dress pants off. He gets them to around my knees before giving in, tugging my hardened length free from the constraints of my briefs.
We remain quiet and I pick up a piece of cheesy pizza, ignoring the strange tension. I take a bite of the dough, sneaking glances at him.
“No, but I will know when I see them.”
I hadn’t ever experienced it myself but as my mind flicks through my fading memories of my psychology class when I was at Stanford, I do my best to come up with my best course of action.
When I wake up in the morning, I half expect her to be gone.
“Cas buddy. Listen. We just came at the wrong time of year, alright?” I clap him on the shoulder, tilting my head a little in hopes of catching his wandering eye line.
But I realize that wasn’t it.
And wait.
I grin, popping open the glossy box and begins digging at the short-crusted pastry when I feel myself being watched. I look up, my fork full of pie as Cas eyes it off, standing behind the couch.
, turning my attention back to her.
“Alright, let’s begin with something basic, yeah? How to fill up the coolant.” He responds, pointing towards a green bottle only a few feet from where I was standing. I reach over, taking a hold of the bottle and cracks open the lid.
“Mis-” I start and she holds up a finger.
“Sam. There isn’t anything more to know. Dad trusted them, therefor so do I. They are a little rough around the edges but when has that ever not been the case with other hunters?” He shrugs half-heartedly.
“Castiel. I believe this will be a perfect fit for you. If I have overestimated what you are ready for, I do apologize. But over the last six months of intense, domination training, I believe you are ready to spread your wings and take care of your own.” Now uninterested in her food, she meets my eye line; “You have patience, understanding and a firm hand. Jensen needs that. If you do not want to take on the task, I understand. But I believe in your abilities. You are a very good person. Repeat.”
It is the first song that comes to mind. The melody is soft and catchy, the words soothing and deep. It had been on the top of my playlist for a while. Although she is still sobbing, she peels herself out of her tight ball to look at me. With puffy eyes and her pillow in a death grip, she is shakily tries to soothe herself.
“Are you going to fuck me or should I go home?” He growls and I almost roll my eyes.
I feel his fingers gently brush up over my shoulders, his fingertips dancing up over the skin on my neck. My heart is pounding in my ears but not in the way I dreamed it would. It felt so good, so right for once in my life but-
“Hey, Dean.” I stop only inches from my door, turning back to look at Cas with a soft smile. His coat bundled in his arms, eyes full of curiosity. Although the hallway was fairly dark, I could imagine his expression in my mind. Soft and human.
I look up at Meg who was scowling, seemingly pissed that my mind has conjured her up. I did this on occasion, when I wasn’t sure who else to go to. She may not be real, but my memories of her definitely were. She was the only female I had ever gotten close to. She was shroud, loud and blunt.
I need longer to figure my feelings out. I couldn’t be selfish and expect him to wait until I was.
The car ride back to hers is short, filled with her cooing and digging through the bags to gush over what she is going to wear things with and I listen, a gentle smile on my lips as I listen to her spiel of excitement. By the time we arrive back to her lavish building, the sun is setting and a darkness begins to settle quickly on the streets. Collecting the shopping bags, she thanks the driver and we hurry inside. She is bubbly and carefree as always, skipping in front and gushing about her own plans for the evening when we arrive to her floor.
“A-angel-” He breathes out and I brush the pad of my index finger over a bundle of nerves and he
“What is...?” He seems utterly confused as he pulls back from the intimate kiss, his black eyes now having completely cleared as they are replaced with the most luscious shade of piercing blue.
There are few things I can control in this life. Up until a few years ago, it was an absolute Trainwreck. But now, I have order. Peace within myself and a purpose. Sure, working at a coffee shop to pay for college wasn’t ideal but I was proud of myself for it. Even if I did step into college a few years later than everyone else; better late than never right?
“I-” I hesitate for a moment, her golden eyes flicking up to watch me cautiously. I knew she wouldn’t push for answers as I begin to stab at the crust of the pie. I let everything out about how the night unfolded, leaving out bits and pieces of magic and monsters as not to terrify her. She dips her head in various parts, obviously piecing everything together in her mind. There was a moment of silence before she responds.
“Castiel, you deserve better.” I breath out and his glassy, blue eyes finally meet mine. They are full of sorrow and despair, absolute and utter loneliness. I wonder if that’s the look I gave him when Gabriel died? I know this pain. I know what it feels like to lose hope. At that time, I just needed to forget. Just become absolutely lost in a world where I hadn’t just lost my best friend and guardian. The one person I had loved as much as I had Jess.
Dean doesn't know what to get Cas for his birthday, watches some porn and has an awkward dinner with Castiel.
The song that inspired this chapter is: I found by Amber Run ♡
“I... never really thought about it.” He admits, taking a sip of his steaming cup of coffee.
I fumble a little, knowing I would feel stupid just standing here as he paddles around in the ocean. I don’t even know if he could swim. I would be pissed at myself if he drowned.
I look down at the clear outline of my boner, mentally cursing myself. Something straight. The opposite of anything Cas related.
To go from sex to helping me calm down certainly wasn’t a task I would wish upon her. But she seems willing and as the last knot was tied firmly around my scarred wrist, her expression shifts in an instant.
“You.”
She picks up her chopsticks, immediately digging into the Wonton Noodles.
“Bitch. Don’t start with me.”
“Uh...sorry.” He murmurs and whilst I thinks it’s a little weird, I ignore it and flops down beside him on the two-seater couch.
“I know these questions are draining on you but you are doing so well for me. You are such a good boy.” She whispers, voice soft as she leans down to place a gentle kiss atop my mop of messy hair.
It isn’t necessarily explicit, even as I click on the video.
It was totally worth it. All the pinched skin on my fingers, the tumble of swear words as I cursed the ripped paper streamers and mounds of duct tape I tore through. Just for that very moment, that priceless look on his face. His eyes were wide, blinking a few times as his lips form to say a few words but they all fall flat.
“Come on Cas, where is all your wisdom-y crap now?” He huffs, still impatiently pushing despite the angels’ warning glare.
“Gabby, about last night-” I start off and she cuts me off with a glare, her lips immediately down turning.
Feeling fairly pleased with the presents, I make my way through the mall and collects a few last-minute things; A cake, balloons and streamers. All the usual party favors including fireworks as I know he will love them.
“Dean?” I murmur softly, wincing a little as a shudder prickles over my skin.
“I bought it for you, Dean.” He states simply, going back to his own food.
“I don’t want to be a burden to you and Sam, I wish to contribute. More than I do. Be more involved in any way that I can.” I nod, my mind set.
“Familiar? In what way?” I inquire, reaching to grab onto a napkin that was stacked messily nearby. I place it down on the table, gently creasing lines into the smooth paper.
“Ugh. Where have you been man? I have been trying to contact you for days.” I could hear him scowling through the phone and I feel guilty.
“If you-”
“This wine is directly imported from Napa Valley. It has a black current aroma, with hints of pomegranate. The wine itself is sweet and aromatic, best complimenting dark meat dishes. The wine is usually chilled for ten minutes prior to consuming but I know Mistress prefers it warm.” I smile proudly as she gently lifts my chin. “Very good, dear. You are doing so well this evening.” She compliments and I am almost glowing with praise.
The silence settles between us. It builds an uncomfortable tension, enough to make me spill out my unwanted thoughts; “I appreciate the fact you stayed here with me. To make sure I was ok?” It was more of a question as I had honestly no idea whether that was necessarily true.
These thoughts pelted around my mind all day, every day. That was until last night. My eyes drift down to the bruises on my wrists, not bothering to use my grace to heal the marks. It was a reminder that everything that happened was real. That it wasn’t a dream, it really was
“Alright, as a human tradition, you make a wish and blow the candles out.” I tell him and he shoots me a rather sassy look, very familiarly like Sam's.
She is right, although at first this arrangement was a simple, non-sexual commitment between Mistress and Servant, it quickly blossomed out of that. We are now best friends and I was eternally grateful for her guidance and support, in and out of scene.
No matter how many times I study those emerald eyes for a hint of longing or desire, or the amount of time I spend watching his body language in a desperate attempt at seeing some kind of love in return was absolutely damning.
“Come on, I'm sure your boyfriend would be worried if you went home in this condition, yeah?” She laughs and I feel my cheeks heat up. Ah, that explains her lack of interest. She thought I was gay. I shrug half-heartedly, not wanting to correct her. I was enjoying the comfort of this particular stranger and the last thing I want is to spoil that.
I read the message aloud to Cas (Bar the part where I should work it out with Cas), the conversation having slipped back to a sense of normalcy and all awkwardness being alleviated via a distraction. He seems just as confused as I am.
“No. I get it. You don’t feel the same way. I understand.” I nod, meeting his confused gaze, “We are friends and I would like to remain that way. It’s better if we never talk about it.” I respond, glad that the humans’ at least got one thing right. They are better at simply sweeping things under the rug than confronting others and at this point, I was so tired that I was entirely ok with that.
“That makes it the perfect time of year! We will just have to stop and get you something warmer to wear.” She laughs, peering over at my light weight jacket and jeans, “The last thing I need is you freezing to death on me.”
With her affirming words, I nod and finish grooming out her hair. “Now, rest.” She shuffles over, laying back against the plush mattress and holds open her well-toned arms; “Come.”
I reach down to the small cooler that is settled just by my right ankle, popping the lid and scoops out a small, smoothed box that is balanced perfectly on top of the cluster of beers and ice. Popping open the lid, it reveals a neatly decorated cake with the cursive;
I found that love is trust. Strength. Admiration. Dedication. It’s lingering glances, fingers brushing over the back of another's hand. Its pain. Torture. Tears. Full of heartbreak. It’s seeing the absolute worse in someone else and still willing to sacrifice your very soul for them. It’s holding on even when they push you away. Love is... Dean Winchester.
Something in my gut didn’t sit quite right about these hunters. Although, I couldn’t pinpoint it enough to evaluate whether it is because I find them a threat or because the blond male keeps shooting me dirty looks. I shift a little on my heels, turning to Sam. He was sucked into the newspaper that rests on the handle bars on the trolley and hadn’t noticed Deans absence. I manage to catch his attention and gestures towards the hunters.
How do you talk to an angel?
“Fuck off, Cas.” He breathes out with flared nostrils, teeth gritting.
“Thought you might want to see what your little demonic toy has gotten up to.” My fingernails claw down his spine, his head rolling back in a silent moan as I brush over his wings.
I was now three hours into my trip and the twitch in my upper lip has gotten worse and I am sulking around, shoulders hunched and a pout on my lips. Shopping is really not my thing.
“Hey why didn’t you call me?” I ask, trying my best to act natural and not think too much about what had just occurred in my room.
He must have finally noticed my intense glare as his blue eyes innocently look up from the glowing screen, that dumb smile still on his face. “Yes Dean?”
I push my index finger into my mouth, my eyes greedily devouring his current, vulnerable position. Pulling the slick digit from between my lips, I waste no time as I slide my finger between his cheeks slowly.
I slide from my own seat, letting her lead me from the quiet bar and out onto the sidewalk.
“What should it be, Dean?” He asks as he stares at the keyboard that was passed to him.
I look up, my dark eyes meeting sky blue ones.
“Are you not having fun with just me?” He asks, turning back to look at me. Lips parted, eyes hazed as he remains on an angel grace high. He looks so beautiful, so placid and pliable to my whim.
“Gabriel. It’s fine. Let’s just spend the day here.” I murmur, leaning forward and presses a soft kiss to her forehead.
His breath hitches, the burst of energy filling him from the inside. “Fuck- What is-” He breathes out. Lips parted, he pushes down onto my finger in a slow motion as his hand lazily strokes his cock.
She reaches for the radio knob, turning it down to a minimum as she shoots me a bright smile momentarily before returning her attention to the road.
How was it that I ended up in this car to begin with? What kind of twisted fate did Chuck have planned for me that I would end up with a female carbon copy of the love of my life, name and all? It really was all a sick joke.
I felt my tongue dry up at that word. I had thought about it before but every time I did, it made things between us awkward so I avoid it at all costs.
I join him on the hood of Baby, leaning back against her windshield as I let out a relieved sigh. It had been months since we had the opportunity to simply live in the moment and take a breath. Hunt after hunt, there was never any time to come out here to the familiar clearing to just talk about nothing and drink beers ‘till sunrise.
“I could eat.” I respond, reluctantly letting her go as I slip into the passenger seat and clicks my seat belt on.
She appears behind me; her nimble fingers making quick work of the knot and slides it off from around my neck. She places the collar delicately on the table and I look up at her tiredly.
“You remember Gabriel?” I nod, “Well, Sam was in love with him. I could see it, when they looked at each other. Passing moments. But Gabe died before Sam could tell him. The regret and loss devastated him. I was worried his heart would never truly heal. It was an injury I couldn’t fix.” His voice was soft and I had a bunch of questions, but the most pressing was the fact that I never knew.
“What do you mean you have never been?!” She gasps dramatically, feigning offense as she clutches at her chest.
As it plays on, I realize I was more curious than turned on. But as the video progresses and the kneeling male pleads to be fucked, I could imagine Cas’ little, knowing smirk; the subtle squint of his eyes as he replies in a sultry
So perfectly timed.
He takes a seat beside me and while I personally wasn’t a fan of the taste of fortune cookies, I really couldn’t say no to such a pure request. He opens the box, pouring them all over the table.
She reaches forward and slips her hand weakly into mine. No words are exchanged but as she gently squeezes my hand, I feel her overwhelming sense of gratitude.
I was stuck, unsure of what I could do even as he leaned down and brushed his jagged nose along my jawline. I felt every nerve stand at attention, fighting the urge to let my eyelids close. His teeth caught my earlobe; making my breath hitch in response.
“Birthday?” She asks and he blinks a few times. I look down at him momentarily, before leaning closer to mumble against his shoulder.
My heart drops as I let out a gentle sigh. I needed her to focus on something other than her pain no matter how bad my singing voice is. Talking and trying to calm her might make it worse, but singing softly might be the best distraction.
I slip my hand from her grasp and makes my way to the front door, collecting the Chinese food from the delivery boy. I take it to the dining table, sorting it accordingly. I look up to be greeted by her patiently watching me from the doorway. I pull out her chair, gesturing for her to sit which she does so with a gracious nod.
" His voice is weak, heated with desire as he kneels down within the circle. I cast my eyes downwards to stare at him, sliding my fingers through his hair and tugs it harshly. His head jars back, exposing his slender neck to me.
“Good. I’m going to get these books for the bunker. Feel free to borrow any of them that you like.” He shoots me a seemingly knowing smile as he picks up the pile and disappears in a whir of his tan coat.
“Jerk.”
“Gabby?” I murmur softly, cracking my eyes open just a touch to meet her golden gaze, “What shall we do today?” I ask, slipping my free hand down to tangle with her own.
Despite Castiel’s duty being fulfilled; he felt a pull to the human he saved. Was he ok? Is he safe? He was able to drown him out among the many prayers that filter through his mind daily. When he was told he was return to earth to protect the human, he felt something.
It starts off as usual, a beautiful long-haired Asian girl in a tight one piece and leg warmers, walking up a few flights of stairs. I am graced with a few shots of her ass and breasts as she walks, slow and intimate. She checks herself out, posing in the mirror as she reveals the most intimate parts of herself, running her hands down over her sensual curves and brushing her hand down over her crotch. It flashes to her stripping out of her one piece, going completely nude as she begins to work out in probably the sexiest way imaginable. Then of course the usual follows; some random guy shows up and she immediately drops to her knees, dick in mouth within seconds.
“That isn’t what I meant.” His voice appears behind me and I fight the urge to jump out of my skin, a tingle of lust quivering down my back.
He peers over at them momentarily, tucking his long hair behind his ear habitually before folding up the paper and chucking it back on the rack. “I don’t recognize them.” I nod in response, my eyes dragging back to stare at the hunters.
“Fetch my brush, dear. These curls will not de tangle themselves.” Her voice is clipped, her previous smile having completely vanished. Her tight lipped and cool exterior burns through as she focuses on plucking invisible lint from the silk sheets. She regresses to using pet names; something I had grown fond of over the years.
The drive up to Phoenix was long and exhausting. I stay silent most of the way, Sam and Dean mindlessly chatting for a while before Dean decides that cranking his Def Leppard album for the 80th time would be a charming addition to the already strenuous trip. With a few short breaks and Sam threatening to frisbee the cassette out the window, we finally reach a quaint motel to stay in for the night.
“Yep. Cas was just helping me out with the car.” He tells his brother, closing the bonnet like he needed to justify why we were alone together.
Gabby and Sam head for Vegas but not before making a small detour.
The question stumped me momentarily but the word slipped out before I could even think, “Paris.”
A familiar musk; beer, sweat and leather. My lids flutter open, my brows creasing as I squint through the darkness to make out
Adjusting his coat, he doesn’t bother to look at me; “I know Dean. It’s fine. I’m going to go wait in the car.”
Cas has spent his entire existence marching with purpose, dedicated to an entity he wasn’t sure exists. He has watched mountains surge and crumble, humanity flicker into existence in the blink of an eye. Free will was never a prospect he considered. It’s useless. It’s so very human.
“What was that?” I cough, not finding it at all appealing. Dean on the other hand thought the whole ordeal was hilarious.
“I will grab us a trolley, we are going to need some road snacks as well!” She nods, bouncing on her toes before zipping off to grab us a cart.
He looks over the cover with soft eyes before collecting the rest from my arms and places the stack down on the ground beside us. It was then that his eyes began to wonder, scanning the titles of the books on the shelves. It’s like it began to click into place for him and I suddenly felt embarrassed and a little exposed. I was hoping the other sections of the library would keep him distracted a little longer but I was seemingly mistaken.
“Yeah Cas, you can come in.”
She lets out a long breath like she has been holding it in waiting for me to ask the inevitable.
“I know, I know, I'm sorry. -”
I snuggle into her neck and she giggles, swatting at my arm. “Your gay ass picked The Real Housewives to watch last week which was utter trash! So, I get to pick this week.” She smiles smugly, grabbing the remote from the glass coffee table.
I slip into the bunker, the warm thrill of the turn of events still stirring within me. I couldn’t help the small smile that tugs at my lips as I pull my coat a little tighter and works my way through the dark hallway with ease.
“Perhaps, you want me to tongue fuck you...” I breath out around his bud and he lets out a breathy
“I am. Not law though, I am studying Psychology.” I shuffle to my mattress, plopping down on the edge of the bed and forces myself to stop grinding my teeth habitually.
“You remember how we went to the library?” I ask and he nods, patiently waiting for me to explain, “Well, I went there because of this article that Sammy had told me about-”
“Cas-” I look over at him, my face remaining stoic as I wait for him to continue, “I didn’t mean to try and push like that. I know my comment was uncalled for.”
“No.” I respond, leaning forward to brush my fingers over his knees and slowly down the curve of his inner thighs, “I’m not going to fuck you. Not today. But I am going to make you cum.” My eyes darken and my grace synapses at my fingertips. It prickles along his skin; his eyes widening a little as his legs spread further apart.
“What?” I snap, my eyes moving up to finally meet his. His expression became laced with anger as his eyes grew dark with fury.
“Shut up.”
“My guess is that you have a present in mind already?” He asks and I scuff my shoe on the linoleum floor, clicking my tongue.
“Perhaps we shall keep playing out this fantasy of yours and then we can do one of mine.” He breathes it out like a deal and I can’t help but nod. Sliding my hands from his shoulders, I brush them over his jeans, tugging his crotch a little closer so he can feel my achingly hard length that was straining against the zipper.
With the diner being quite full, the voices almost drown out the sound of the music but I manage to catch a few notes and hums along to the familiar rhythm. She slides into the seat across from mine, gently tipping my menu towards her so she can read it upside down, resting on her forearms as she sits up on her elbows.
“Excuse you, do you really thing Ro would be interested in this nonsense?” She quips, finally finding the show she is looking for.
“You are welcome. I hope I didn’t interrupt anything, if you ever need privacy just tell me.”
“You are my friend.” I respond. There was that word again. Bitter on the tip of my tongue, quite unpleasant and dry.
She gently nudges me and I nod a little in agreement. Surely, I could not deal with Dean or Cas in this condition. I knew I needed to at least sober up a little first. She digs around in her purse and pulls out her overly blinged out phone.
I shrug it off and continue working through the morning and it was another hour before I heard a peep from him.
I tap ever so gently on his door, twisting the metal knob and nudges it open. Cas sits up, pushing the covers from his lap. His tousled, dark hair is in a cute, tangled mess on top of his head, his sky-blue eyes squint blearily, taking a moment to focus on me through the dimness of the room. He curls his arms around his romance novel, hugging it to his sweater-clad chest.
“Nice, man. I call shotgun.” He grins, climbing into the front seat as I dutifully slide in to sit behind them in the back seat.
“Well that’s my business isn’t it?” He snaps back.
“Right. I’m sorry Cas.” I nod, not lifting my eyes from the plate. We both continue our meals in silence. A soft buzz sounds from my pocket. Digging into the fabric, I pull out my cell to see a message from Sam flashing on the screen. My lip twitched a little involuntarily. I slide it open to reveal a very short text;
“What have you created, Castiel?” He seems to be more intrigued as he places down his beverage and sidles over, his fingers threading through Deans’ hair and pulls it back harshly. “Oof, it’s been centuries since I have seen anything like this. A faerie? Inside a human body? So willingly as well. Temporary of course but both angelic and demonic powers, what a wonderful combination.” He purrs out, greedily looking over the flushed boy.
“Yes boss.” I breath out and he grins, returning to his adorable good-natured self.
It isn’t these guys I am aroused by, it’s Cas.
I lift the angel blade to my lips, hesitantly flicking my tongue out to taste the demon blood.
I let out a breath, not knowing I had been holding it in; “May I?” I gently hold my hands out for the file. She passes me the thin folder and I gently pull out the contents. It carries his medical records, photos from events and generic information. My eyes land on what must have been his very first party at the club. He was dressed in soft flannel and ripped jeans, the goofiest smile on his face. A smile involuntarily tugs at the corners of my lips, my fingers brushing gently over the fraying image.
“Oh, I know,” I slide down further, nipping along his skin and licks a slow trail down his chest; “You want me to use a toy on you.”
Although the dream never consisted of dirty talk, I wonder if that is something that he will enjoy. Only one way to find out and although a rather
The two brothers continue to playfully banter when something catches my attention. I wasn’t sure what it was at first but as I straighten up and turn around, the strong smell of sulfur floods my nostrils. My eyes widen a little, “Demons.” I mumble softly, but that wasn’t quite right.
I begin to stab at my bacon as I see Cas’ internal struggle. He obviously wants to say something, he always does. He stabs at a blueberry, popping into his mouth. The silence drags on for a short breath of time before he places his fork down. His ocean blue eyes meet mine, leaning forward as he presses his palms flat on the surface of the table.
“I-” I hesitate for a moment, a soft sigh slipping from my lips. I take a moment before continuing. “I want to help.” I respond, standing up a little straighter.
I update every Sunday.
Turning to face Dean, the angel slips the amulet from his pocket and tosses it to the plaid clad hunter.
I feel a surge of dark power,
“Playing without me, angel?” A deep voice breaks my concentration, my hips stuttering but my dick only grows harder at the sound of his dangerous voice. It’s like he knew that I have been craving him, silently begging for him to return.
“I have never been. But if you have-” I start but she immediately cuts me off.
“What is with you making me eat these random snacks? You know I find human food somewhat distasteful.” I try to resist but he holds up the toothpick and edges it towards my mouth.
Dean watches as Cas moves into the entry way, eyes drifting to the ceiling. His jaw clenches, his face portraying all the anger, hurt and absolute devastation as he speaks; “You son of a bitch. I believed in...”
She disappears behind the bar, her eyes wandering back to our table to stare at the angel.
“A girl? Really?” He seems surprised before softening into a smile, “I’m glad. Did he seem happy?” He asks, picking the sausage off his pizza slowly.
“Come.” She gestures for me to approach her and I do so with enthusiasm. Reaching onto the stand, I pick up her brush and very gently begins combing out her wet ringlets. Now that the thick makeup was stripped off her face and hair pulled back from her high cheek bones and narrow features; It gave her a softness that her usual look didn’t.
figure standing at the foot of my bed.
“Have you had a birthday before?” I ask and he shakes his head quickly. I make up a date on the spot. December 5th. He accepts it happily, seemingly excited that he was now officially dated for his ‘birth’.
“Maybe. Yes. Ok, A plant.” He blurts out.
She lays back down beside me, leaving no space between us. We don’t say another word, we don’t need to. It’s all hanging in the air above us; the acceptance, the grief and the loss. She drops her hand to settle on my neck, her fingers sliding over my skin and I let my eyelids flutter shut.
She flicks through the pages, moving past my submissive contract and general health paperwork she keeps on file.
I take a deep breath, deciding to shed all kinds of doubt. I wanted him. Whether it was right or wrong, the line was so blurred at this point I didn’t know. So I might as well give in and seek the ultimate pleasure I craved.
“I really don’t know if it is my place to say.” He seems conflicted, placing his slice down and sitting up a little taller.
“I’m sure that can be arranged.” I murmur, flicking my tongue out to brush over his bottom lip, leaning close enough to gently nip at the natural pout.
With a huff, I spend hours on Sams’ laptop, searching for ideas of what I could do to make this day special for him. Coming up blank, I slam the laptop closed and runs my palm down over my tired face. The angel looks up from his corner of the room where he was curled up with tea, a book settled on his lap.
“DAMN IT CAS.” I let out an irritated huff, “You almost gave me a heart attack.”
“Dean, I read this really fascinating article that one of my old college buddies sent me.” Sam steps into the room, laptop tucked under his arm. Just like that, my alone time was over.
I look up, my eyes taking in the bland signage; grey suits marching in a bored unison when a dash of red flannel walking by catches my attention. I blink a few times, straightening up as my gaze follows the stranger. Bow legs, tight jeans; green- I feel my chest constrict, lips parting as I gape like an idiot. I meet his eyeline and those gorgeous eyes meet mine. It is like time stops; he is like a breath of fresh air in a city of grey. He gives me a heart racing smirk and a once over before turning away. Is that-
He gently pushes my hand from his mouth, keeping his eyes on mine, “It’s delicious.” He comments. We both didn’t move and it took me a second to notice the cream that was still nestled in the corner of his mouth.
“When are we heading out?” He asks, swinging his legs off the bed. He stands, heading to his small closet and pulls out a duffle.
I couldn’t help the smile that tugged at the corner of my lips.
I wish I could make his pain vanish, even for a moment. I hate seeing him all twisted up and heartbroken over my idiot of a brother. I could feel his grip on my hand tighten, a shiver washing over me to remind me that I was still been standing around in the dead of winter in the middle of the night.
“So many books, man. What did you get?” I ask curiously, not even minding the fact we were standing openly in the middle of the gay section. I gently remove the books one by one from his arms; Gardening 101, Smart Gardening, The Ultimate guide to Gardening, The fundamental techniques of cooking, Baking Techniques, Devons Desire-
I continue the slow strokes with my grace, allowing it to flow and tingle over his sensitive head and without warning, he cums;
“I’m guessing you aren’t from around here.” He states and my eyes crease a little in the corners.
I take a seat on the edge of the bed, turning to look at him properly.
Snapping my eyes open, I look around the bus and am met with no stares or sneers as I feared.
Dean comes back to visit his favorite Angel.
“Aren’t we going to the library? I am quite eager to explore what books they have to offer.” He reaches over and picks up my coffee mug, “May I?”
“Oh um...” I hesitate. There was no way I was going to tell him now. The moment had long passed so I just make up a lie on the spot, “Well I'm going to the library tomorrow so if you want to come, you are welcome to.”
“My guess is that you are indeed a first year?” He comments, clearly a lot better at social interactions than myself.
“To pack food that isn’t for a hamster. I will tell him to include those new pringles you like so much. In a bag this time so your hand doesn’t get stuck in the can again.” I inwardly smile and he points at me, giving me his all-knowing look.
The moment the diner bell rang and the men disappeared into the darkness, I slip from my seat and moves to sit across from the other hunter and angel.
His hand drops between us, his grip fast and erratic as he begins to stroke himself off.
“Do you have feelings for this, Castiel?” She inquires, dropping her spoon into the black liquid, swirling it around slowly as she rolls the lollipop between her fingers with her free hand. Pulling the sugar stick from her lips with a soft pop, she places it aside.
in nature. I could feel it resonating with me. The words, the softness of the strings reverberating. I stare in awe, my focus not breaking from him for even a minute.
I take a deep breath, standing up to listen out for Cas’ heavy footsteps but the bunker has fallen silent yet again, the presents now forgotten under my bed. With a weird surge of courage and lack of will power with the chubby I had formed in my own tight jeans, I pick up my phone. Turning the volume low, I bring up a familiar tab.
I hope you enjoy! If you want to see what else i'm working on, feel free to follow me on Tumblr: @sweetteamultifandom.
“Why didn’t he--?” The words caught in my throat and I was hoping that he could fill in what I was trying to say.
He studies my face, eyes boring into mine and searches for something. “You don’t know.” He murmurs and the crease deepens between my brows.
“Which one?” His voice drops low, slipping into the seat across from me. His dark eyes scours my own in curiosity.
Placing my phone face up on the stand beside the door and my bag on the hallway rack, I shuffle over the plush carpet and kneels down in the center of the living room. Digging into my jacket pocket, I withdraw a delicate, ribbon collar; A simplistic black piece with intricate lace. I lay it respectfully on the carpet in front of me. I settle with my knees shoulder width apart, sitting off my heels; my hands clasping my forearms behind my back and I let my head hang low.
“Got a problem, trench coat?” Brent snaps and I look over at Cas who was boring his eyes into the stranger again.
“Maybe not. But someone should. He is worth more than how you treat him. You better damn apologize.” I threaten before slipping past him and following Cas out of the motel.
As quietly as I can, I withdraw myself from the bed and quietly shuffles to the bathroom. I glance up into the adjacent mirror, glad to see that the color has returned to my face as I slowly peel off my layers of clothing. Turning the nozzles on, the water rumbles; shooting out hot and inviting. I slip into the tub, a joyous sigh pulling from my lips as I dip my head under the roar of water.
“Thank you.” I rest my chin on his shoulder, a low sigh slipping from my lips.
But Cas. He has never had a birthday. I wasn’t sure of his expectations let alone what I should get him. I try texting Sam but am met with silence.
I feel a flush of absolute frustration and anger.
“So why is Dean buying Cas a plant? If you don’t mind me asking?” She peers up at me through her thick lashes, her honey eyes warm and alluring as she rocks a little on her heels.
I grin, grinding my erection against his inner thigh slowly. “You know you are so pretty when you cum.” I drop down, my tongue flicking out over the wet spot on the front of his briefs.
The thought distracted me momentarily and I smile at her stupidly like a giddy teenage boy.
“Sorry, I’m Sam, you must be my new roommate.” The stranger climbs off the rickety bed, hand outstretched.
“That’s only in a couple of days and I was wondering if perhaps you would like to spend my birthday with me. We can celebrate properly.” He suggests and I can’t help but grin.
“May I, Mistress?” I ask, gesturing to the empty space that is in front of her.
“Everyone heard it.” I respond bluntly. Unsure what he could mean, tilting my head a little to the side and he clarifies a little further.
Trudging through the slick mud and wet grass, I stomp my boots on the mat leading into the building. Taking a moment to gather myself, I push through the heavy glass door to be met with bustling parents and nervous looking freshman. The loud noises, crowds of people have me on edge. The anxiety so thick in the air you could almost taste it. I squeeze past the hordes; mumbling soft apologies. I keep my head low, slipping through the weaves of the unmoving crowd.
“Hunters? Here?” Sam asks, taking a hold of the trolley I had abandoned.
“Would you like me to sing for you?” I ask, my voice soft and I can imagine her smile as she wiggles a little deeper.
“Reading?” She asks and I straighten up, “I am going well, over half way through.”
I take a deep breath, telling myself not to be a child and just
"My little unicorn, what am I going to do with you?” She muses
“Well, yeah.”  I frown a little, wondering where she is going with this and how this justifies kidnapping my phone.
With a soft good night in return, I slip inside my room and falls asleep before my head even hits the pillow.
I am about to settle on the mat when she swivels around, her legs crossing over gracefully; “Darling. Order from Xio Wu’s down the street. Also, fetch me a glass of Montaya Cabernet.” I dial the familiar number, excusing myself with a quiet murmur and closes the bedroom door behind me.
I step a little closer, my fingers moving up to gently brush over his shoulder. My fingertips brush over the skin of his neck that peeks from below his collar.
“Darling, have you been with anyone since you came out?” She moves her hand up to gently rest it on my cheek, her thumb running over my cheek bone.
‘Dan’ on the other hand was easily in his 50s, guarding his food and shoveling it like he was in a prison yard. Looking at the various graphic tattoos up and down his arms, his mop of messy greying hair and hard, beady eyes, I would say he has been around the yard a few times. They both made me rather uneasy.
Turning my phone on, I slip the towel from around my waist and pats myself down. Tossing the damp cloth onto the bed, I slide on one of my new flannel shirts and jeans and was greeted with the smell of fresh clothes.
“Do I need to tell you again how creepy it is to sneak up on people like that man?” It never frightens me anymore like it used to, I could now always sense when he was nearby.
Pushing past the revolving doors, I step into the large lobby. My dress shoes click against the marble floors, nearly every surface reflective with gold. It was a cheesy foyer, something that really emphasized just how rich the tenants are. Making the familiar path up to the top floor, I step out into the softly lit hallway.
I gather up my towel and fresh clothing, and shuffles into the small room. Locking the door behind me, I shrug off my oversized sweater and my long sleeve shirt, peeling the slacks and underwear off next. I try to avoid looking in the mirror, something I had done for years.
“Do you want to hear my fortune?” I ask, hoping it would be enough to distract Castiel as I pull my Chinese box closer and pops the lid.
“Dean.” I look back up at him, green eyes meeting his soft blue ones. They held no judgement and were as clear as a summer day. “I never understood humans and their need to put everything into such definitive boxes. There are things in this universe that are twisted and warped, that could never be explained in words. So why does something as freeing and personal as sexuality need a label? I think as angels, it is easier for us as we are genderless and fluid. Sexuality never matters to us. I can imagine how this might be scary for you, Dean. But perhaps, you just are who you are? You don’t need to label yourself as Bisexual or Gay to be valid. You have always broken outside the restraints the world has placed on you so why confine to them now?”
“Hey.” My voice is soft, careful with each word, “How are you feeling?”
“I am not Dean. Or Sam. Both have no trouble picking out a mate. I on the other hand, do not have the humane graces that they do. I am a little too dry.” I respond.
I feel strangely nervous as I tap at the dimly lit screen. No one is here to judge, or criticize me. Only myself.
“Sam thinks there is a case up in Ohio. Just a vampire nest, something we have dealt with countless times before.” I nod, my voice soft.
“Or you could share.” Sam urges and I shoot him the filthiest look I could muster. Dean splutters and Sam just gives me an innocent smile.
I silently pass him the cake, a quirked smile on my lips as I dig around in my jacket pocket. Gently brushing his sneaking fingers away from the cake, I push a bunch of mismatched candles into the creamy frosting. Taking my lighter, I light each candle individually and keeps my eyes level with his. His face glows, not only in the candlelight but in sheer excitement. Much like a small child.
“Such a horny demon, aren’t you?” My voice comes out like a low base, pushing my tip against his puckered hole. He thrusts back, his muscles instinctively tightening around my aching length as I push inside. I drag my nails down over his back, leaving harsh red lines as I shove a little deeper inside his ass.
“Dean. I know it is the middle of winter and I expected the water to be quite cool, but even the sand is nothing more than soggy mud. This is not quite how Gabriel described.” He murmurs, “Even the sea animals, it is all just...noise.” He lets out a gentle sigh, obviously doing his best not to show his disappointment. I could tell with his fading grace that not everything had that magical touch that it used to, becoming human is a cruel fate. It’s tiring. Boring. Exhausting.
I slap his ass, my voice firm; “Watch it. Ask
“Whatever.” I roll my eyes, a playful smile tugging up the corners of my lips, “We are not having sex tonight, I feel like shit. Come back tomorrow.” I tell him, sinking back into my inviting sheets without hesitation.
“And what does the demon have in mind?” I pant softly, rolling my hips forward to gain a little friction which is met with a satisfied grunt.
I shoot him back a short smile, my eyes dropping down to observe my hands. I felt increasingly nervous now that I was talking to him up close.
Slipping into the kitchen, I search her wine rack and pulls out a familiar bottle of her favorite red wine. Collecting a clean glass, I give it a once over to approve of its absolute clarity before retrieving a clean cloth which I expertly drape over my arm. Carrying the items back to her bedroom, I find her in intense concentration. I knock, waiting for permission.
The pads of her fingers trace mindlessly over my sensitive skin, a feeling of domestic affection washing over me. They were mindless patterns, but enough to have me sigh in bliss.
“Alright Sambo, let’s get you to the Canyon.” With her fighting words, the hour-long drive was filled with music and minimal conversation. I was glad to be at ease; my mind having wandered to perhaps what Dean and Cas were doing at this very moment and I honestly hope that they sort their issues out.
Something catches the corner of my eye and I stop in my tracks. Peering through the small boutique window, it reveals a small nursery.
“Dean?” My eyes come back into focus, heat rushing to my cheeks as I realize that I had slipped into some kind of theorizing day dream about how to continue learning about this topic. I snort, pretending to be completely disinterested.
“Well, now that I am awake how about we celebrate your birthday?” I ask, climbing to my feet as I take the book from his hands. “How many times have you read this?” I was amused, brushing my fingers over the creased pages.
I couldn’t be angry at her for her logic. It was all sound, I just had nowhere to go. They were my family. But I understood that heading back to that motel was only going to create more friction and I needed them to sort whatever is going on between them. She was also right about
“Dean. I’m serious. I see you work on it all the time. Don’t you think it would be a good experience for me?” I respond, my shoulders dropping as he climbs to his feet. He dusts the residue salt off of his hands, leaving the cans unstacked.
It feels so much different than the night before. I could wipe away those tears and hold her close. But these are so intense I could feel fear radiating from her body as she curls into her pillow. I am so stunned that it takes me a moment to react. I am in complete shock; my heart drops and I feel my blood run cold.
I slide into the backseat of the cab, settling beside the angel who had seen to pressing himself against the opposing door in a quiet rage. I murmur out the address of the motel to the cab driver before clicking my belt on. I sit awkwardly in the intense silence for a few moments before breaking the tension.
I give him a brief run-down of the events that had occurred in the library, from finding Dean in the health, mind and sexuality section to the relentless flirting from the librarian. I was expecting him to tell me it was nothing or to just brush it off. But instead his face lit up like he had just come to a realization.
wasn’t a demon. Not technically at least. It was Dean. A demonic version but it was still him.
I usually update every sunday but I am currently helping my partner get ready to move to Germany so emotions are high and I will update when I can :)
I let my body relax, heart racing as I come down from my post-orgasmic high. I catch my breath, licking over my dry lips. Still in a daze, I reach down and snatches up a rogue shirt that lay nearby. I wipe the sticky cum from my stomach and thighs, cleaning off my fingers. Despite smelling like sex, I was too worn out to shower. It was pizza and then bed for me.
“Where are you going?” She mumbles sleepily, her eyes fighting to stay open as she looks up at me.
He nods and with a final glance, I disappear from the room to get ready for the day.
“Very good. I want you to take your time with that book and read it thoroughly. Do you understand?”
“Found them.” He comments, gesturing towards two surly looking males, one quite short with a mess of blond hair and the other a little lanky with greying roots.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” I respond gently.
“Rose tonight? Or perhaps something darker?” She murmurs, her fingers sliding over the many choices, “What would you like, dear?” She asks and my eyes drop to my favorite scent. Sandalwood and oak, sea salt and musk.
“Ass up.” I command, my voice low and he obeys almost immediately. If he is only going to demand things from me, I would do the same. Just take pleasure from the twisted situation we have created.
“Nah, I’m almost finished.” He responds, waving me off.
My eyes flash dangerously, the darkness pulling out of me like a piece of string that someone kept tugging and unravelling. I take a firm hold of his hair, my jaw clenching as I push inside his heated mouth. I take control, thrusting my hips forward. A low moan breaks between his lips, saliva pooling at the corners of his mouth. Back arched, I continued to fuck his mouth to my content.
I reiterate, just wanting to move past it and return to our normal lives.
“Dean?” My voice was soft, hesitant as I sit up properly.
Hanging up the phone, I turn to her. “Thank you, for getting the coffee and breakfast.” I murmur, a smile tugging on the corners of my lips.
it must be an entirely different experience.
I cum,
“Dean, it’s fine.” I respond, my voice firm. It is the truth, despite it’s obvious intent to begin with.
“Should we go shopping today? We can find the perfect present for you to give him!” Her eyes light up, this time as genuine as the smile on her lips.
“Cas’ birthday?” I ask as he gives me a run down about the fact that he gave Cas a birthday, so he gives me a brief rundown from the experience at the library and when I finally stop teasing him for being sentimental, I fall silent, Gabby taking a seat next to me as she gently smooths out my wet hair without a word.
“Hey guys, ready to go?” I hear Sam’s voice from the doorway, stepping around the hood to peer at us.
But it all collapsed under the weight of the truth. God didn’t care. He was going to sit back and watch the world burn. He took no fault in what was occurring and the apocalypse was no longer his problem. They were well and truly alone.
I try not to let it bother me further as I find the chocolate nestled amongst his clothes. I toss it over to him without looking and remains focused on the tv. I hear the rustle of the wrapper only for a moment as he pretty much inhales the whole bar.
I reach around, my fingers dancing over his back and glides over the curve of his spine. I feel him whimper, legs give out momentarily as he grips onto me for support.
I was pissed off at first for being disturbed, but her energy was familiar to me. There was something about her I just couldn’t place. She was irritating, loud and eye-roll worthy but honestly, I was glad she was here. She was a fun distraction from everything that had happened a few hours prior.
“Sam. I- you should have gone back to sleep. I told you I'm fine.” She insists. The soft moonlight through the window made it easy to see her outline as she smooths down her hair and rubs her swollen eyes.
“Where did you disappear to this morning?” He asks, setting the mug down in front of me. I drag it closer, the sweet smell of lemon and honey tea flooding my senses. The smell was absolutely divine and Gabriel really had the right idea, placing sugar within my diet had allowed me to eat and drink like a human without the molecules unpleasantly settling within my stomach.
“Me too, Cas.” I respond, unable to help but shoot him a relieved smile. I reach over and taps his shoulder gently in thanks.
Moving through the snapshots, they grew more and more solemn the moment Michael began appearing in them. He appeared rigid, the smile forced.
To follow what else i'm working on, feel free to follow me on tumblr: @sweetteamultifandom
“Dean, stop I don’t want any.”
“Why do we have to explain anything?” I challenge, moving to position myself in front of Cas to block his view of Dean.
“Cas?” The word slips from Deans’ lips, the word laced with confusion.
good to hear him say it.
“So the cookie was implying to be safe eating food like you would sex?” Cas asks after what I assume was a long explanation as Sam looked up at me pleadingly. I grin, obviously his anger from earlier now completely having disappaited.
There was no way I could tell him that his birthday is tomorrow and I have absolutely no idea what to get him or even how to celebrate. Despite him having no previous birthdays to compare it to, I knew he must have this picture-perfect idea in mind.
I try not to stare but honestly, a Dean that had just woken up was honestly the best thing to grace this earth. Tussled hair, this cute little half smirk and disheveled clothes. It made me just want to tangle my fingers in the golden, fluffy mess.
“Of course. Go rest with Cassie, he needs it.” They give each other a chaste kiss before Gabby bounds off to wherever Alfie has vanished too as I turn my attention to Rowena. “What’s wrong lad? Cas, darling, you look exhausted.” She gives me a disapproving look, her lips twisting down in disapproval.
“Hey, I am not really feeling the pie. You can have half.” I play it off but the moment those baby blues met mine, I knew he read right through me.
As he pulls out the plant, he stares at it blankly. His head quirks in a familiar way, eyes narrowing at the potted flowers. I am immediately taken aback, wondering if this was the biggest mistake of my life.
I could spend the rest of the day devouring his soft, delicious lips but we both had things to do.
“One with flowers and crap on it.”
“You have too much faith in me, mistress.” I tell her and she shakes her head in response.
They are right, I had fallen. Completely. I would do it again in a heartbeat. For him, I would.
Tucking myself into the corner, I was honestly not surprised that she has darted off and now has her face pressed against the glass of the jukebox. Digging into her winter jacket, she pulls out her brightly colored coin purse and pushes a few quarters in.
“I don’t want it to be a lame ass birthday present, man. This is his first.” He growls in return.
“Cas-” He breathily groans against my mouth, switching our positions as he presses me up against the cool tiles. He bites down on my lip hard, enough to draw blood. Lacing it with grace, i watch in a dazed state as he greedily grinds his cock against my own, sucking expertly on my swollen bottom lip. Lapping up the blood, I pull back enough to watch as his eyes flicker to a pearlescent blue.
“I had been walking past this bakery on the way home and they had a blueberry and apple pie in the display. I wanted two pieces but they only had one left so this one is for you.” He gently slides the shiny white cake box closer to me.
She pulls the binder open again and gestures for me to stay quiet as she flicks through. I keep my eyes trained on the pages as she flicks through the barrel of information, I had recorded this week; My work schedule, my diet, my gym clock in and clock out times, notes on my reading, my chores check list, short-term and long-term goals.
I let my eyes peek at the soft glow of the light slip from under the bathroom door, my mind at peace as I listen to the shower start and stop. Moments later, she emerges in her fluffy robe and her curls twirled into a towel.
A loud bang makes me jump, whirring around to see a rat scampering off after knocking over some cans of salt. “Damn it...” Dean scolds, the moment gone as he walks over to pick up the tins.
Castiel was desperate to find something to cling to. God had abandoned them, all of his children. The knees of his vessel felt heavy, his heart hammering in an unfamiliar way and he could feel something welling up in his chest. The angel felt so lost, he needed to feel- something.
I hear Sam whisper something to someone else before snickering.
*Castiel POV*
“Cas, that’s- never mind. Are these the books you got?”
He moves closer, backing me against the brick wall. His slender fingers brush over my hips, sliding down to unbuckle my belt. His fingertips hover over the button, popping it open with little effort and slides the zipper down in a slow and fluid motion.
“Of course, Mistress.” He takes it from between her fingers without hesitation and she leans a little closer to me, wrapping her small hands around my arm as she rests her curled head on my shoulder. The lingering smell of sweat and cigarettes on her is somewhat comforting as I wrap my arms around her hips. “Gabby, darling? Alfie has been such a sweet lover for me all morning, would you mind giving him some proper food and care? We only finished moments before you arrived home.” She breaths out as I gently brush my fingers through her matted hair.
“Sam! Finally, you’re awake! Let’s hit the road!” I hear her chirpy voice before I see her. She pounces on the edge of my bed, eyes wide and bright with her glowing smile as she shakes my leg, trying to get me out of my cozy caccoon. I let out an involuntary groan, squinting at her.
“You mean this isn’t the first time?” His voice jumps up a few pitches and I feel Cas’ energy shift. Before I can even stop him, he shoves past me and storms up to Dean. He grabs the collar of his flannel shirt and shoves him up against the doorframe. I was honestly surprised although I really shouldn’t have been that Castiel had finally snapped.
“Ta-Dah!” I proudly pull the fireworks that are tucked out of sight and his eyes light up. I wander a few hundred feet away, pulling off the wrapper and sets them into the ground. Digging around in my jacket pocket, I pull out a lighter and illuminates the starter. I stumble up, taking a few steps back as they periodically shoot up into the air and explodes into a multitude of colors.
Legs spread, ass up. Possibly my favorite position for the demon. His hole clenching desperately around air, face buried deep into the mattress as he whines for contact. His hands twist in the sheets, his hips swaying for attention.
I hesitate for a moment, a smile tugging on the corner of my lips, “You sure, Cas? You can have it if you want. I mean, you bought it.” I insist despite my grip tightening on the box.
There is something about her. Underneath all that pain and sorrow, there is someone worth knowing.
About an hour later, we are walking through a mall just north of Las Vegas. It is packed full of tourists, both old and young. Bellies full and determined to find the perfect gift for Cas, we weave between people and in and out of stores.
“Does he know that is the symbol for patience and love?”
in surprise.
He seems to fight within his own mind a little longer, before nodding. He shuffles forward, lacing his fingers together as he perches on the edge of the chair.
“How do you know that they aren’t using you? Or going to hurt you?” I fire out insensitive questions that earns me a glare.
I immediately redial the number, Dean picking it up within mere seconds. I was greeted with a simple;
“Jensen is beautiful and charming.” She murmurs, surprising me as my eyes snap open to look at her properly, “But underneath that killer smile is so much pain and loneliness. Castiel, he is so lost in his own perdition. You must grip him and raise him from his own turmoil like Gabriel did for you.”
“We should go out and do some last-minute supply round ups before we head out to dinner.” He states, mouth full of nougat.
“As you know, Alfie is now under my care. He is one of the only ones who stayed after Michael was expedited. He was...difficult at first. I need you to listen carefully, do you understand?”
There was somewhere along the way where I should have hesitated getting in the bright yellow mini cooper with a total stranger. But I wanted to be fearless, impulsive for once in my life. The only other time I had been this sure of something was when I left Dad and Dean to go to Harvard.
“Everything.” I laugh, thinking back to the times I have caught him staring at the TV in complete intrigue despite the lack of content.
“Really?” He seems quite surprised, brushing his hand over his lips to cover his delicate smile, “I would like that, thank you.” He bows his head ever so slightly in thanks.
My body floods with warmth, the heat twisting inside of my stomach as I contort my finger and pushes it inside him slowly. I watch as he drools a little around the tie, eyes closed as he buries his face into the mattress.
“And you don’t know who I am?” He seems a little enthralled about it as I look up at him with confusion.
“Gabe-” I reach forward to bundle her into my arms but she flinches, shoving away my attempts. Her breath quickens, her body visibly shaking as she squeezes her eyes shut. She is in absolute panic and pure despair. Despite the blanket of darkness, I could make out her pained expression.
“Maybe… maybe Joshua was lying.” Cas murmurs, clinging to any threads of hope.
His pitch changes, my cock must have grazed over his sweet bundle of nerves as he quivers. My lips begin to mark along his sweat-coated skin, the urge to cum growing stronger as he writhes under me.
He began to learn what it is to be human; to feel. So many emotions, so much to discover. The more the angel was around him, time began to slow. He was no longer detached from humanity, instead he felt entranced by it. He was in awe of a beauty that had taken for granted. He had spent centuries watching; observing them as they evolved. But he had never truly appreciated it until now.
To be honest, I wasn’t sure which was more dangerous. Another hunter being in the area or the threat of an onslaught of demons.
Just a bit of blood and chanting and here he was, all mine for the taking. I loosen my tie, watching him intently.
Sam and Gabby become a little more open about their past
“Cas!” I snap back to reality, flicking my eyes to the bright blonde momentarily before ripping my eyes away to search the sea of people to look for him. I wanted to chase after him, follow and find out more when Gabriel gently brushes her hand over my upper arm; “You alright?” She asks and I feel ridiculous, there was no way I would run into Jensen down town, what kind of luck would that be? Perhaps I am just imagining things, it was probably just a guy who looked like him so I simply wave it off. “Yeah, I'm fine. Let’s head back to yours.” I know better than to ask if she had dealt with her ‘problem’. She would brush it off or shoot me a warning glare so I had learnt better than to ask over the last few months.
I take in a deep breath; “And I deserve to be given a chance.”
“You are right, coffee sounds pretty great actually.” I drag my hand down over my face, shooting her a grateful smile.
He whimpers lowly, silently egging me on as I press the pad of my finger against the tight ring of muscles. He quivers, his hole clenching despite my lack of entry. I rub my clothed erection on the back of his thigh, my eye lids fluttering a little.
“Tsk. No way to talk to your lover.” He tsks, clearly still amused as he slides his hands into the back pockets of his jeans.
Two brunettes, one in a tailored suit and the other dressed down in a simple t-shirt and jeans. The latter is kneeling down in front of the suited man, hands tied behind his back and his hair grasped tightly in the grip of the other male.
“Ro.” Gabby breathes out, her expression shifting into one filled with such love and delight. She gallops over to her petite lover, pressing a flurry of kisses over her face. ‘Gabe-” Rowena tries her best to hide the obvious smile fighting across her lips as she ts-ks, fluttering her lashes a little as she playfully shoves her affectionate lover. Her attention lands on me and I feel a sense of shyness creep over me.
“Tell me what you want.” His desperate voice has me quivering, tugging off his jeans clumsily and throws them aside. He rolls onto his back, legs spread and an obvious tent under his tight briefs. He whimpers a little, trying to form any kind of sentence as my hands drag down over his thighs slowly.
“Sorry.” I murmur, refusing to meet her eyes as I lean back against the vinyl cushion.
“I...uh...” I laugh awkwardly, going to push my free hand in my pocket and fail in the most dramatic way possible. Damn it man, pull yourself together. I flash him a charming smile, trying to clear my head but he really was something else. Almost other worldly in beauty and I really couldn’t help but stand there like a gaping fish as I stare at him.
“Go ahead.” His voice is smooth, laced with curiosity. I wasn’t sure where to start, taking a moment to gather my thoughts.
""Her body was flushed against his in an eternal embrace, lips pressed eagerly against one another in a hungry battle for passionate domination-""
I hesitate momentarily but after a slither of self-doubt, I climb into the bed next to her. I curl her small frame closer and I wrap my body around hers. She sleepily hums, her hands grappling at the front of my shirt as she nuzzles into my neck.
“What am I to you, Dean?” My heart flutters a little at the question. He was everything to me. My home, my family and my best friend. I trust him with everything I have and I would do anything for him in return. But that wasn’t his question. His question was simplistic. Factual.
“Anyway, do we have anything new to investigate?” I inquire, hoping that there was some kind of distraction from my useless pining.
“Of course, mistress.”
“He likes gardening and stuff, right? Why is a plant a bad gift?”
*Cas' POV*
“Ok, but please don’t pity me. I couldn’t stand it if you looked at me differently.” She mumbles, brushing my hands away from her face as she rubs her congested nose. She moves past me, settling down on my covers. She runs her hand over her face, sniffling as I sit down beside her. I wait patiently until she is ready.
I push the door open, met with the sight of Cas stretched out on his bed, romance book still resting on his chest. I smile inwardly. I love the fact he is obsessed with human emotions and that love is his favorite feeling he likes to study.
It takes me back to the days where Sam and I used to light up fireworks and just enjoy the show. Glancing over at the angel, with each explode of color his smile grows wider.
“Hey Cas, come try these!” I snap back into focus, making my way over to the small food cart an older lady was standing behind. I look at the neat line up of short paper cups, a gelatinous cube coated in sugar with a tooth pick stabbed through the middle nestled inside. I narrow my eyes.
“Nu-uh, you need some cheering up Sambo.” She click her tongue, shooting me a brighter smile if that was even possible.
The wicked, familiar smile tugs at his lips as he slides from my lap. He lays beside me, flat on his stomach as he seemingly waits for my next instructions. I feel a flush of power. It’s intoxicating.
“Perhaps.” He comments, gently twisting the fork between his fingers.
“I don’t want it to be a lame ass birthday present, man. This is his first.” I respond, seemingly annoyed that he isn’t getting the point.
“Shut up. It’s none of your business. So why did you call?” I snap in return, wondering what the emergency could be with him being this calm.
The room is fairly plain, drawn velvet curtains in the corner offered a hint of light as I began to blow up the colorful balloons. Pinching my fingers a few times as I tied one after the other, it wasn’t long before I was light headed and proud of my work. I hang them up around the room along with streamers which was also a pain in the ass (why do they tear so easily?!). After pulling out the tape, my job became a lot easier. Those balloons and streamers were never moving with the amount of tape I had used. Pretty happy with the results, I grab Cas’ presents and line them up on the coffee table.
“Out, Dean.” I respond, my voice calm as I let out a long breath, “I’m tired and I just want to go lay down.”
“I know. But I really want to get to know you, Sam.” She responds, her answer more serious than anticipated. “But I guess we can start with me first.” She lifts her left hand, brushing her curls behind her ear before continuing, “Recently I went ziplining at the Grand Canyon.” Even though she wasn’t looking at me, I could imagine her golden eyes sparkling in excitement.
“Number 5. If you would indulge me, Mistress.” A sly smile crosses over her lips as she picks up the perfume of my choice, “Always something masculine. Not that I mind.” She sprays it on her skin as I begin to work on a tight braid from the top of her head.
“Excuse me. You hardly know me.” I argue but she cuts me off with a simple look.
“I don’t want it.” He replies stubbornly and I feel my eye twitch.
“When I woke up, I had lost all memories from prior to the accident. All I remember is waking up in the hospital, I-” She squeezes my hand a little tighter, “I was told everything about myself by the few friends I apparently have, but I don’t remember them. They tried to jog my memory as I had no family to lean on. My parents died a few years ago and I don’t even remember them. No matter how hard I tried to return to my normal life, I felt like I didn’t fit in there. So, I packed up everything and just left. Since then I have been wandering from city to city and that’s when I met you in that bar. You are the first person to feel familiar to me since I woke up even though we have never met.” She sighs softly, “Sometimes when I fall asleep, I go back to the only thing I remember before the hospital. Floating in absolute nothingness, so alone and trapped in darkness. It’s...” She trails off, obviously not wanting to continue. Her left hand still clutching mine for support, she uses the edge of her sleeve to catch the stray tears that fall. “Sorry.” She mumbles, hastily brushing them away, eyes darting to stare out the window as a distraction.
“Well there was this thing-”
“Cas.” He steps forward, reaching forward and placing his hand on my upper arm. “You are not replaceable. You are family to us. Through and through. Understand?” He nods firmly and I lift my eyes to meet his.
“Dean, what are-” I went to speak and his free hand moved to wrap around my neck. His grip is firm; dominant. “Shh...” Is all he breathed out and I fell silent.
“Can you tell him-” He began but I finish off his sentence for him.
“Keep breathing.” I tell her, my voice soft as she nods. We breath together, deep breath in; longer one out. I keep my distance, wanting her to only come to me if she needs the comfort. Leaning over, I pick up the full glass and she takes it gratefully. Gulping down a few mouthfuls, she lets out a recovering, shaky breath.
“Ok, then you both can stand here and explain to me what the hell I just walked in on.” He growls, still clearly a little drunk as he lingers in the open doorway.
“You are right, I don’t know. But what am I going to do? Just go to a bar and pick up a guy?” I ask, but she just gives me a look like ‘duh’.
“Cas...” I spoke quietly but he cuts me off with a sharp look.
“Come with me.” It was like a light flickers on and her eyes light up with such wild enthusiasm. “I’m leaving to head to Atlanta in the morning. It’s going to be a long drive all by myself. We could jam, listen to some tunes and eat a ridiculous amount of candy.” She winks playfully, bursting into the most melodic laugh. “No funny business. I promise. Just a person helping a stranger. After all, a road trip is the best kind of distraction.” She muses and for once I decide to be impulsive.
“Tsk. Come.” She falls flat footed, lacing her fingers with mine. “Alfie love, would you mind disposing of this for me?” She asks, holding out her now decrepit cigarette.
“Can we talk?” I ask, closing the door behind me with a firm click. He shuts his book, sliding it onto his nightstand as he sits up. He gestures for me to sit towards the edge of the bed, scooting back a little to make room. I lumber over, not wanting to seem like I was snooping despite the fact I want to look around his room. I was genuinely curious as I haven’t spent much time in here before.
“I said it’s fine.” I respond, dropping the bags on the floor before letting out a loud sigh. “I’m going to watch television.”
“I don’t pity you.” I respond calmly, knowing he was simply snappy because of the shitty turn of events. “You know me better than that.” I remind him, reaching out to take his hand. At first, I was worried he was going to push it away and reject the comfort I offer him but as he tightened his fingers around my palm, I was relieved.
“A few. Just one night stands really, to try it out.” I answer honestly and she lets out a hum of affirmation, closing the topic as not to pry.
“Great thinking Sherlock, there are only two beds.” Sam quips, dropping his duffel bag in the doorway as he shoots a side eye look towards Dean.
She slips her own beanie off, tossing it into the metal cart before pulling the newly discovered bunny beanie onto her head. She giggles as she squeezes the ends and the ears flap up and down stiffly.
“It would be a pleasure, mistress.” I respond deeply, once again pulling myself to my feet and slips inside her large closet. I finger through the selection of materials and settles on a red, satin floor length night dress that I know she is most fond of.
“Cas, it’s almost 4pm, perhaps we should return to my apartment so you can start getting ready?” She calls out as I slip back behind the thick curtain and I shimmy back into my old clothes. I feel the nerves begin to crawl up and constrict in my chest. I had managed to repress it through lunch and the multiple stores she dragged me to. I take a moment, sucking in a deep breath and letting out a longer one to calm myself. I can do this. Gathering up her selected choices of attire, I step out of the dressing room.
“Fucking amazing.”
“Do you need a hand?” I ask, wanting to be helpful in some way.
Days pass, but the memory of our
“Fine.” He shrugs, turning to face me and that’s when he dawns on him, “Oh, you mean this is because of our sexual exploits? You weak fuck.” He smirks but I notice a hint of relief in his expression. “Perhaps we keep it blood free for you next time, Angel. But that grace of yours, I am not giving up. I expect more next time.” He clicks his tongue, clearly amused.
Dean was seemingly oblivious, happily chowing down his oversized burger as I stab at a few salad leaves half-heartedly. The skinner male, which I discovered was named ‘Brent’ (a seemingly unfit name for such a lanky boy) could have been no older than 20 but looked like he has aged well into his 30s. It was the curse of being a hunter. The dark circles, calloused hands and a forever dreary exposition.
He drops to his knees, fingers palming me through the cotton cloth desperately. I dare to look up, my eyes meeting my own in the mirror. My mouth had fallen half open, eyes hooded in lust as my cheeks remain flushed. I was a total mess under his touch.
She clicks her tongue, “We were having such a nice evening. Perhaps I should have approached this topic in another way. I will give you a moment to re-evaluate your words and try again.” Her words are firm, much like a slap on the wrist. A warning.
“Has he already agreed to meet me?” I ask, wondering exactly what his reaction would have been to seeing my club file.
“You have been feeling lonely, haven’t you?” Her words sink in and my heart clenches, “I know ever since you and Hannah parted ways you have been on your own. How long ago was that, a year or so?”
“No. If I want to be intimate with your brother, I have every god damn right to. You self-righteous, ignorant, self-centered asshole.” His voice was sharp, eyes dark with anger, “After that shit you pulled in front of your ‘friends’ at the bar, you have no right to talk to me or Sam like that.” Shoving my brother away, Cas storms off outside.
“We don’t really have one.” Dan states as Brent continues shoveling his food.
“No way! That is awesome, man.” I clap him on the shoulder and he jumps a little bit, clearly missing the puns involved.
“Cas.” The name rolls off his tongue with warmth and I feel a tinge of immediate comfort. “I hope you don’t mind, My brother and I arrived early so I just took this bed, I hope that’s ok?” He asks, hastily pushing up the sleeves of his shirt as he starts to load all his strewn stuff back into boxes.
He raises his thick brows, seemingly wanting a reply.
“How delicious indeed. Farewell, feathers.” With a snap, Crowley is gone and the two of us are left alone again.
“I wouldn’t try to stop you.” He laughs lightly, his expression softening, “I just wanted to say, please don’t take any un-necessary risks. I-” He seems to struggle getting the words out, “I don’t want you to get hurt, ok?” He rushes out.
And I would do it again in a heartbeat.
“You always defend him and his poorly judged actions.” He reminds me and I nod, letting out a sigh as I lean my head back against the car seat.
I nod, it all clicking into place. Deans’ demon blood, although it tasted amazing; was what caused my body to convulse and act in such a sickly way. My eyes squint, tilting my head ever so slightly to eye the demon; “Dean, how do you feel?” I ask.
“You are very impatient today, Cassie.” He coos and I have enough. I stand up, eyebrows furrowed as I make my way to join him in the Devils’ trap.
“It’s such a beautiful view. I went hiking, went up onto the sky trail, the whole thing really is amazing!” She gushes, letting out a long breath of enthusiasm.
“Yes Cas?” He moves a little closer, tilting his head a little.
I drop my hands, wrapping them around his shoulders. I feel his fingers tightening their grip on the front of my shirt, his head moving to bury into my chest.
I hesitate for a moment. To be honest, because of Deans’ plane phobia I had never even thought about travelling overseas. It was always hunting. If we weren’t hunting, we were looking for things to hunt. For some reason, in that moment it bothered me. This young girl had probably been all over the world and here I was, still third wheeling my brother and his angel.
“Yes mistress.”
“Actually, that might be really fun. Let’s do it.” I announce, quite chuffed with her suggestion.
His clothes are still rumpled, a look of anger flashes across his features for who knows what reason.
“No. You don’t have to go anywhere.” I respond firmly, my eyes still glued to my raging older brother.
Heart-wrenching, broken sobs.
“Try one then.” I comment, gesturing for him to come closer.
“Fuck off, Dean.” I let out a low groan, climbing up from the cement and grips onto the dumpster to regain my balance. I brush my palm over my skin and wipes away the blood. I am tired and dizzy, and the last thing I want is to deal with another demon.
“I’m sure he knew, but I know you won’t ever forgive yourself. I'm so sorry Sam.” I give her a gentle smile, so glad she didn’t give me a look of pity. She takes a breath, clenching her jaw momentarily as the subtle crease between her brows reappears as she returns the favor with her own story;
“Good, Angel. As you wish.” His voice is low, the last of his words slurred as he slides my cock between his plush lips.
“It really is beautiful.” I breath out, looking down at her and smiles brightly.
“The right person will realize how special you are. Even if you need to go through a few men to find one that fits, that’s fine too. Plus, you are hot, Cas. You aren’t going to have any trouble finding someone else to play with.” She responds breezily, stretching out her arms, “If I was still kickin’, I would give you the ride of your life, kid.”
“These are so freaking cute!” She muses, “Take a photo for me?” She asks as I fish out my low battery phone. I snap a few quick pictures before turning the phone to face her, Gabbys’ eyes shining with absolute delight.
“Perhaps I like it because I enjoy seeing you happy.” I could feel his eyes on my face and I knew if I comment, I was going to sound like an idiot. I let out a soft Mm trying not to linger on his words too long.  I take a long sip of the bitter coffee before returning it to his rightful place between his palms.
Tumblr: @the-trixster-and-the-fallen
My peace and quiet is short lived as the shower head splutters and the water blasts out cold, making me let out a very effeminate squeal. It is a rude awakening from the heated bliss I was enjoying only moments ago and I turn off the taps instantly, goosebumps flush over my skin and a sulky pout forms on my lips.
“Ever since my accident I have been having this reoccurring nightmare.” She starts off, staring down at her hands. I don’t pry into her accident as I was sure she would tell me in her own time if she wants me to know.
“Dean-” I try to interlude but he cuts me off. “Sam is off god-knows-where and I am supposed to be here-” He starts his spiel and I
As the town melts away to forest and then to a vast plane, the snow is thicker and more blanketed, the roads icy as she slows down. She pulls into a parking lot that was simply labeled; “Verkamps Visitor Center.” She shuts off the radio, turning into a car space. Luckily because of the weather, most people opted for not coming out today meaning the place is pretty much deserted.
“Mm?”
“My sweet, please pick out my sleepwear.” She coos, moving across the room with purpose.
“Gabby, how long have you been having panic attacks?”
“Show me what you received.” He leans over to look at the paper but I hold it close to my chest.
“No mistress.”
“Woah, Cas buddy. You just pick one out of the box. No need to spread them out like that.” I tell him gently, gathering up the scattered moon shaped biscuits and drops them back into the box.
I made my way back to the table, placing the beers down in front of them as I cracked the lid on my own.
It usually would be easy enough but my break in concentration earns me a strike above the eye, blood gushing as I kill the last one.
“A year ago, I had an accident. Apparently, I slipped while hiking and fell off the side of the trail and down the side of a cliff. I was rushed to hospital and whilst they managed to revive me, I had flat lined for a full minute. They said it was an absolute miracle.” Her words become bitter, a slight edge of disdain;
“Sammy can explain it to you, Cas.” I take that moment to slip from the room and head to the kitchen, grabbing a beer for each of us. I don’t know why but it was always explaining sexual innuendos and metaphors along with answering sex questions always made me uncomfortable. I always stammered and blushed like a school boy.
They were always on the same page. As soon as even a whisper of a case bristled past, both men would become alert and ready to chase it down. Even after all this time I couldn’t stop the feeling of overwhelming pride towards them. With all the death, despair and heartbreak that inhibits their lives, they were always willing to put their lives on the line for innocent people.
“Maybe.” He responds quietly, finger swirling over the lip of the mug.
But the way he moaned-
“I’m fine.” She reaches up and brushes her fingers through my hair.
It was disgusting.
“Good boy.’ I breath out, sitting up on my knees. I slip myself out of my boxers, stroking myself quickly. I slap my pre-leaking cock against his ass cheek and he lets out a breathy groan.
“Feeling old Dean? It’s barely 8:30.” He laughs, nudging me with his foot.
He rolls his eyes, closing the book and adds it to his pile. With a deep breath, he turns to look at me properly.
“Hurry up, I don’t have all day.” I snap and his hands hover just above the waist band of his jeans.
Gabriel takes Castiel on a shopping trip.
“So what kind of stuff does Castiel like?” She asks, her rabbit beanie rightfully back on her head. Her cheeks were slightly flushed from the cold wind, lips bitten out of nervousness and lashes dusted with the light patter of rain from outside.
I wait.
“I took the time to groom myself.” I murmur, a crease furrowing between brows, “I made sure to keep up to date with my journal and I took time out of my schedule to do some research.”
I watch as Cas sets his jaw, a familiar twitch in his left eye. I knew this wasn’t going to end well for anyone involved so I simply shuffle in my seat, pulling the wallet out of the depths of my jeans. Fishing around for some cash, I drop it on the table.
“You are my wish, Dean Winchester.” He leans closer, dropping my hand and grabs the collar of my flannel shirt. Closing the gap between us, his lips brush against mine in the most intimate way. The cake now entirely forgotten, I gently push it from my lap.
“Have I told you that you are a closed book?” She snorts lightly, “But I understand the need for wanting to keep your life private. We can always talk about something else?” She suggests and I was glad that she was doing her best to make this car ride comfortable.
I decide to give in, my fingers not shifting from his hips as I plow into him. He grips desperately onto Crowley’s thighs, trying to steady himself but the king is enjoying it as much as I qm, using and abusing his mouth in whatever way he desires. I twist my grace, the synapsis tingling along Deans’ cock as he lets out a loud whine of pleasure.
“Cas, get out. I need to talk to Sam.” Although he looked calm, his body language says otherwise. The angel didn’t say a word, scrambling to grab his trench coat as his eyes stay glued to the floor.
“Sam. Did you get a hold of your brother this morning?” She asks, not minding the dingey wheel on the cart as she swerves around. Grabbing the cheapest charger available, I toss it in with my other items before leading her to the candy aisle.
“I think saying it out loud would have made it too real for him.” He responds, reaching out to gently rest his palm on arm.
How do you talk to an angel?
His jaw clenches and the feeling in the pit of my stomach has returned, that hard twist of guilt. “I’m sorry.” My words were sincere.
“Dean, you know how we have had problems with other hunters before, they can’t be trusted-” Sam begins but Dean cuts him off with a look.
The thought pops into my head like a lightbulb. That’s right, sometimes anxiety can be soothed with audio. The thing is, with my phone dead and no earbuds I had nothing for her to listen to.
“Where have you been?” His misdirected words pelt at me, laced with fury.
“Alright, Sambo?” She asks, driving well under the speed limit as snow pelts down on the glass windows, her wipers at a leisurely speed to clean off the soft powder.
When the morning sun breaks through the cheap motel blinds, I scrunch my face up defensively. I wanted to rest a little more but it seems with my body healed, there is really no need to continue sleeping. I look over at the figure curled up beside me, Deans’ messy mop peeking out from under the tangled motel sheets. I cover a smile, deciding to try and get in some of my usual routine before he awakens.
“Uh...” I think for a moment. I had met this girl less than an hour ago and just spent the time getting absolutely wasted. But she was right, I needed to sober up. Usually with a girl I meet in a bar, it was the usual routine of; getting drunk, having sex in the bathroom and then both of us going our separate ways.
Or maybe I’m just soft for lost souls like my own.
We both settle on burgers despite her insistence that they have the best chocolate fondue place in the world only a few blocks away. Stepping inside a quaint diner, luckily only being not much further down the strip, it is styled like the early 50s. To her delight it includes; the checkered floor and red vinyl seats, coupled with cute skater uniforms and an old timey record player in the corner. Scooping up the much too large menus at the counter, I give the waitress a polite greeting as she leads us to a free booth up the back.
“Ew. Lets’ watch baseball.” He reaches for the remote and I roll my eyes.
“Mm, a cheeseburger. Fries. A shake.” I catch her smile out of the corner of my eye, glad that she was playing along with my blatant lie.
“I-” My eyelids flutter, leaning against the cool wall for support as I try to focus on his question and not the palpitations of my heart, “It starts off with you kissing down my neck.” I explain, my breath hitching as he slides his nose down the curve of my jaw, pressing his lips against the smooth skin, “Like that.” I grab onto his shoulders, pulling him closer, “You grinded against me.” I jutt my hips forward and rolls them slowly against his as he withdraws his hand, setting into on my waist to hold them in place as he continues the heated kisses down my neck.
It wasn’t long until his hands were buried in my hair, thrusting at his own pleasurable speed into my mouth. He was lost in ecstasy, strings of moans falling from his lips as he drew closer to orgasm. I slid one hand from his thigh, brushing my fingers over his ball sack. I let my hands fondle them as I allow him to use my mouth however he pleases. Pools of drool gathered at the corners of my lips, my cheeks flushed and eyes half lidded with obvious attraction and lust.
Scooting from my own bed, I follow behind. I rap on the door, leaning my forehead against the wood.
I nod my head in thanks, tying the end of her hair with a simple band. “Finished, mistress.”
“Shall I let you go now?” I mumur, pulling back from the deep kiss and he smirks a little.
“Ready to play with me now?” His question was drawled out, inhuman in nature and completely foreign to Deans’ lips but he was right. The fire that exploded through my body was more than enough for me to do absolutely anything he asked. I nod, my lips slightly parted as he grabs a hold of me and pushes me against the tiled wall.
“Retrieve your book for me. Whilst I read, you can order dinner for us.” She waves me off and I slip from the room. I scoop up my discarded bag, pulling out my thick binder and my cell phone to make the call. I return to the room and places the binder carefully on her bed.
“Jerk.”
“I tried to do some research on it but there is so much on the topic, so much speculation. I tried to ignore it but-” She seems to lose her train of thought, pressing her palms flat on my chest and pushes away gently. She sits up, her sweater hanging loosely off her shoulder as she tries to smooth down her bed-head.
