Little John Watson loved watching M*A*S*H with Harry (she admired Margaret but hung out for Kellye) just
Apprehension flickered briefly in Sherlock’s eyes. Shrugging, John settled down to lick and kiss a path to his flushed cock.
There was beer in the fridge, scotch in the cupboard, and vodka in the freezer, and they all called to him to take the edge off what she was saying. He sat down across from her instead, turning to look out the window.
"Well, Mycroft obviously has!" John laughs quietly and stands to excuse himself to the bathroom. When he returns, Sherlock and Mycroft have disappeared and Will is fussing with the sofa under Marie’s instruction.
"'Ah, well,' I said to him, 'I think people usually only get married when they love each other very much,' because, you know, I thought it was complicated, not least by Mike. But it wasn't complicated to him at all. 'But Mister Scott,' he told me, 'Mummy loves you about as much as she loves me, which seems like a lot. And you love her back just as much. So you should get married.'"
"I dunno, Sherlock, I've always had it. It feels like asking what it's like to have a hand, or a penis."
In truth John would have liked nothing more than taking Sherlock’s mouth with his own as they rocked together, but that felt like something he should only do if - it felt like showing his hand just to think it - if they were really
wanker. You’re going to get yourself k- fuck! Uncuff me!” John yanks uselessly at it while Sherlock takes a few, painful steps away.
Sherlock groaned and tugged at his shoulders, pulling him up once more and kissing him fiercely. John leaned into Sherlock and he obligingly lay back, letting him roam his hands over his chest and belly, smearing the mess across his skin. Although he rutted lazily against Sherlock’s thigh, John found he was more than content to continue kissing as Sherlock came back to earth, gradually calming and slowing. Huge hands traced up his body, caressed his face. Shifting only far enough to focus on his face, John smiled down at him.
“It’s not pity, Sherlock. Yes, I want to bury whoever did it, but I suspect Mycroft already has. I just… It doesn't change my opinion of you, I swear.”
“Uh-huh. Nnn, John!” John felt Sherlock clench around his cock as he wailed softly, his hand on himself speeding up. With his own hands on Sherlock’s waist and shoulder, John held him still while he thrust into him more urgently, both chasing their climax.
He'd planned on walking to Euston, so the cab fare obliterated his train-snack budget. He hoped Harry had some food in when he got to Manchester; there had been little room in the fridge and even less inclination in his gut for lunch, on account of the skinned cat. Or... whatever that had been.
With that as a constant mantra in his head, John sat and rested his hand where the tail would go. Pursing his lips, he snuck his finest thread-cutting scissors into the gap between fabric pieces, snagged and cut a stitch. He could then begin the process of opening a sufficient gap to secure the decadent tail.
They made it through the rest of the day and most of Christmas Eve without an argument, admittedly largely because John could not focus on anything but the thought of Sherlock’s scars. He wanted to discover how they have healed, wanted to find out if there's been any loss of sensation or range of motion. He wanted to kiss them. Sherlock needed to know John's regard for him would not be lessened by a few lines.
unravelled then rolled to lay on his back beside him, shoving his pyjamas down to fist his cock desperately. This wouldn't take long.
“Morning, you,” he smiled, seeing Sherlock titrating some kind of solution when he entered the kitchen.
“Well, of course you make an admirable assistant, but if you would like to get back into some real medical practice, I have connections at St James’, or Hope Hospital.”
like last night. In the same way, looking back now with a clear mind - alright John,” he interrupted himself, “
Three hours later, they are still sitting around the table, although John has cleared the plates and Will has packed the leftovers into the fridge. Marie has plied them all with more wine than they can drive home on, and is now amending Will's recollection of their courtship.
John shook his head and kissed him again, because he could and because he didn’t dare say anything. When Sherlock broke away to gasp and moan, John trailed kisses down to a nipple, rubbing the other with a thumb.
Sherlock was getting dressed, his head hidden inside a battered t-shirt. His back was turned to John, and although he spun around when he heard John enter, he was not fast enough for him not to see the lattice of scar tissue marking the skin of his back. Unsure what to say, John remained in stunned silence.
John comes back, eventually. He resumes assisting Sherlock with The Work, and things are good. Relatively. In five years, John’s life has been directly - seriously - threatened, more than half a dozen times now. His psychological health has been on something of a rollercoaster in that time as well, and Sherlock knows he is responsible. It’s been impossible to deny John from joining him though, when he looks pleadingly up at Sherlock, his eyes huge and bright.
He nodded, gathering himself and resuming the rolling thrust of his hips, pressing deep into the tight heat of Sherlock and cherishing the little noises pushed from his throat. One hand slipped around Sherlock’s body, tracing the curve of a hip on its way to curl around his cock, feeling it twitch as he caressed it and started to stroke.
into Sherlock’s room threatened to derail his train of thought entirely), he wouldn't have to spend the two hours on the train musing on those scars, where they came from, and
"You need to blog more, John," she berated him as they took the escalator down to the tram. "I worry about you when there's radio silence."
"I'll tell you what happened, John, one morning in the middle of term in she walks like she never left. God, I was furious."
Sherlock bends, gasping when it shifts John’s cock in him. When their lips brush together, John slings one hand around the back of his neck to keep him in place, and curls the other around his cock.
“Mmh!” Sherlock responded, falling still for a long second before groaning, long and loud, as he came hard underneath John, hips jolting. His legs began to give out and he sunk to the mattress. John followed him down, still deep inside him.
Sherlock nodded, and John kissed his shoulder. His hand splayed on Sherlock’s flat belly, holding them together.
Little more on the subject is said, but soon enough everything in the house that could reasonably called 'John's' or 'Abigael's' is either wedged into the car or stacked by the front door, and it's a weight off his shoulders, actually, to know he's moving back to Baker Street indefinitely.
“You don’t look so happy. With your boyfriend. Cutie.” This time John is looking at the man’s face, able to see the wry grin and wink.
“I bet your boyfriend wasn’t secretly a lying assassin who tried to kill your best friend, though,” I can’t resist grumbling. Ever the drama queen, he throws his hands in the air and sighs loudly.
“Do you want me to leave?” His voice is smaller than he’d intended. Sherlock begins to ramble, but John cuts him off.
“Did you experience much in the way of limited motion, while these were healing? Were-” he swallowed hard. “Were any of these deep enough to affect the muscles? How did you go about rehabilitation?”
- Sherlock, you -” John realises he is not being quiet, and clamps his mouth shut. Sherlock chuckles and presses a sweet kiss to his thin lips.
It was clearly a mistake, a remnant of automatic behaviour from when he was dating Mary, comfortably affectionate, but Sherlock could not stop himself from breathing “love you, too,” as he positioned himself on the edge of the bed. Sleep was horrifically unlikely.
It's in the Tesco down the road, though, that Sherlock shares his opinion of the milk and John replies with "I love you." It's entirely unprompted, other than that he's thought it for weeks and felt it for years.
forgive you.” He’s clenching both his hands into fists and his chest is heaving, Sherlock can see. His jaw is set and his nostrils flare with each furious breath.
It makes sense for John to have gone straight home. He will want to pack his things and leave immediately. The idea brings a shocking pain to his chest, despite having been warned half an hour ago of the repercussions of his actions. His choices, then, are to either run up the stairs to apologise and wish John well (not to beg him to stay, no, that would only irritate him and there’s no reason Sherlock would want their last conversation to go that way) or to let John leave in peace by hiding out in Mrs Hudson’s flat until he is gone. Reasoning that he could say hello to Mrs Hudson at least briefly before he gathers his courage together to farewell him for the third (final) time, he knocks sharply on her door and lets himself in. She’s sitting at her kitchen table, having a cup of tea - with John. Sherlock stumbles over his own feet and chokes out words.
"You can expect an invitation for your birthday as well. Sherlock has ignored Mother's insistence about this since two thousand ten, but frankly we all expect you to have better luck getting him here."
“You’re doing so well,” he assured him. “Do you like it?” Sherlock opened his mouth, closed it again, and nodded. John grinned. “You like it hard? You want to feel it all week?” The fingers clenching around his own were answer enough.
They smiled at each other a moment longer, then Sherlock returned to his task. When he had freed John from his boxers he nuzzled into the hair curled around John’s cock, this time without more than a gasped “ah, Sherlock” in insincere protestation. He rested in between John’s legs.
it. He loves Sherlock, but he hates this cotton-wool, eggshell feeling. Soft and gentle has its place; he imagines showing Sherlock
Sherlock could almost picture John taking her by the hand and gently, devastatingly, introducing her to Sex, and wished for a second that she
“Yes, alright? I bloody well enjoy getting knotted when I’m in heat. It’s… I just don’t like everyone knowing I’m an oddity, the rest of the time.”
Catlock loves when John scritches his hair or rubs his back or belly. He grabs John’s hands and puts it right back where he wants it if John thinks he’s finished before Sherlock is satisfied.
Being ambushed in the shower is becoming a normal sort of surprise, and he doesn't mind the rush to get ready for work after. He runs a finger over Sherlock's lips stretched wide.
“Oh thank Christ,” John breathed. “I thought I was going to go insane if I went any longer without - without this - with you.”
Things seemed to settle back to what passed for normal in Baker St. However, Sherlock began to occasionally openly glare at John, who had not been able to close his thoughts or feelings down as he had in the past. He tried to talk to him - just talk, although he worried about Harry choosing an arbitrary deadline to
Sherlock's in the shower when he returns, and John loudly gets himself a toasted sandwich for dinner and retreats to his bedroom - he can't imagine what he will say to Sherlock when he sees him next.
“Not going to comment, on the - no, of course not. Yes, I’m very good,” he replied. Burying his face in his pillow, Sherlock shifted his hips a little then relaxed into the mattress.
It's terrifying, how small she is. Pediatrics was never his focus, and he feels far out of his depth as he eases her into the crook of his arm. Once he's picked his way to his own chair, he settles in to wait for the formula to cool. Abigael cries without conviction, a thin wail. He studies her until he can feed her, and then he watches her drink.
you,” Sherlock assured him, pushing himself up to standing. John froze and Sherlock encircled him with his arms, keeping him from backing away. He inched his own arms around Sherlock’s body and looked up at his face. Ears pricked keenly up, Sherlock leaned in slowly, touching their lips together delicately.
“I’ll sleep a while,” Sherlock promised, physically pushing John onto the queen-size bed. He slid under the covers and wriggled to the far side, looking without focus past Sherlock, who swiftly changed into his pyjamas and folded his clothes back into his bag.
“God,” she breathed. Rolling onto all fours, she shuffled down on the bed until she curled up over Sherlock’s thighs, and began to graze her nails through the curly hair between her legs.
“I can’t say I ever really had any great desire to have children,” Sherlock whispers, and John stops breathing entirely to hear him better, “but if I did…” he doesn’t say anything more, but gestures loosely at the television. His hand, when it comes to rest, lands on John's thigh.
When he licked and kissed and nipped at Sherlock’s arse and Sherlock pushed back into him again, impatient, John giggled and feigned biting his flank.
"And here's our two rascals," Will was saying to the camera. "Why don't you show me your new trick with Redbeard, Liam?"
Sherlock combs his fingers through John’s hair, tickling his scalp. Biting back a whine, John dips his head down to Sherlock’s ear, taking the sensitive skin carefully in his teeth and sucking softly.
A final swipe of lubricant was pressed into Sherlock. Peter directed him to hold his knees back as he gently but insistently pushed the head of his cock inside him. Sherlock gasped and groaned.
Sherlock hummed happily as John shucked his vest and pants, and rolled on a condom. Slicking more lube on himself, he cradled Sherlock’s hips and positioned them both. He rubbed the head of his cock against Sherlock’s arse in slow movements, pressing on his hole and slipping past. Once he felt as desperate as he had ever been, he took a deep breath, held himself steady, and caressed any skin he could reach.
“Madwoman,” she said affectionately, pressing a firm kiss to her jaw and taking her hand. “Come on.”
John can’t help smiling, a little. He runs his hand over Abigael’s little body again, hidden away as it is.
How did he not know about these? John chided himself for not being more observant when he tended Sherlock’s bullet wound last year. His friend had rucked up his t-shirts or opened his button-up shirts as required to let John check and rebandage the small wound, but had never actually taken his top
“You really are gorgeous,” John told him, taking in the sight. Not for the first time, he wished he had a memory palace to store things like this.
I turn to Mary. She’s as confused as me – or she’s at least pretending to be. My gaze flickers back to him.
When he managed to look away for a second, Peter was smiling at them, tension in his posture as he held himself back. Sherlock seemed to come back to himself then, and rolled his hips provocatively.
go be with your family, John. You’ll have a family, now.” He looks at me properly, now. He knows, somehow, about what I lived with before Harry came out and I enlisted.
“I mean it, Sherlock, I want to do this with you every way possible. You can invent a new way. Anything.”
, too; they keep him in one piece. Unfortunately, John's hands don't touch nearly enough of his cloth, nor nearly often enough. John's hand, though, is
“You - you’re avoiding the best bloody thing of your life, and you've got the sheer fucking audacity to tell me off for avoiding sobriety. Well done.”
“I’ve never… like this, with anyone,” he admitted. Sherlock pulled his hips down to grind against his own, and lipped at his ear.
“I don't mind,” John blurts. Sherlock looks at him. “If you were to come up to my room for - anything.”
It seemed inevitable, in hindsight, that Sherlock would tear an ear sooner or later. John had already had to do numerous repairs on the seams in his arms and legs where he overstressed them, as well as a few patches on injuries sustained on cases. Three nights ago, Sherlock caught the pointed cloth on a sheet of metal as they snuck through an abandoned factory. Since then, he’d been distracted and irritable.
Sherlock flung a hand out towards John. "Maybe - harder? I.” He tossed his head. “I really want to come." John could believe it - Sherlock's cock twitched when Peter began to move in him, and nudged slick pre-come against his stomach with each motion. His hand remained outstretched, however, reaching to John, and John scooted his chair further forward and tentatively rested his fingertips against Sherlock's.
“This is.” I have to stop. I clear my throat, swallow. I feel warm all over. A little faint. “I don’t understand.”
, love, but definitely often. Whenever you like.” He bent down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s back, right over a particularly nasty scar. “Within reason.”
“Good morning, Mycroft,” John says levelly. “Let’s never speak of this again. Please excuse me; I need to take a piss.”
“Heh. Because if I let you out of my sight someone will - will blow up the living room, or drug you with hallucinogenic gas, or make you think getting
to kiss him - to hell with watching when touching is an option. He slides his hands over pectorals and biceps.
They'd slept together every night since the close of the previous case, but had not had sex again after that first time in the kitchen, and John didn't expect anything more than what Sherlock suggested. He knew Dolls functioned... differently, and it wasn't as if he was starved of affection. Sherlock had taken to winding himself around John as he lay in bed or sat in his chair or stood in the kitchen, face pressed into his neck, fingers encircling his wrist to take his pulse.
John nodded and unbuttoned the shirt, thrilling at having Sherlock prop himself up as he was over him, touching each other only at the mouth or where John’s knuckles brushed Sherlock’s torso. When his chest was bare, Sherlock shifted.
“No, Sherlock. I don’t want to know. Get some sleep, yeah? If we can get home before London turns into a car park tomorrow, that’d be amazing.”
Sherlock pulls away a little, and John takes the chance to twist and surge against Sherlock, rolling him onto his back.
Marie does not say anything, but she does capture Will's hand in her own, and John feels the need to look away from the small secret smile they share. It's surprisingly familiar, and terrifyingly intimate.
“You’re not invited,”Sherlock retorted, and hung up, leaving his mobile on the table as he returned to the bed.
… alright. Yeah.” He pushed up at Sherlock’s shoulders until he sat up. “I want to do this properly. Take you to bed, unwrap you and just…”
John is coaxing admissions from him like he would with a child, but he does not feel patronised as he does when Mycroft tries to do the same.
The problem was, of course, that ‘tonight’ was a terribly vague term. Sherlock began staring at him incessantly even before he had made dinner. John insisted on eating, however, and refused to acknowledge him beyond telling him to take a shower. He returned with pink skin and fluffy hair, immaculately dressed once more, as John washed up.
Sherlock gestured for John to lie down, and settled over her. John had spent the whole of the previous day and night with her, and Sherlock loved the smell of her – across her breastbone, under her arms, between her legs – mixed in with herself and arousal. She lapped gently at her, just to taste.
He slumped, the sudden anger not even Sherlock could goad him into melting away. Of course Harry could tell.
, you know?” His gaze dropped, deliberately slowly, to John’s crotch. John groaned and pulled Sherlock closer.
, okay, John doesn’t usually get turned on that quickly (he doesn’t even know if he’s telling himself that as an excuse or as a plea for more) but the long and short of it is they have to wash the dress before they can return it. Fawnlock refuses to take it off to wash it, and walks into the river wearing it. (Molly has kindly gone far upstream.) It doesn’t make sense, John thinks. Fawnlock
The first thing he says when Lestrade arrives is directions to where he’s left John. Lestrade waves him away.
"John," he says, but I know what he means. I know what he has always meant. Whenever he says my name, he means "I love you”.
“Love you so much,” Sherlock gasps as his fingers move inside himself. “I never imagined I could have anyone like you - but I hoped, god, I
As comfortable as he is, it’s easy for John to sink back into sleep when he blinks his eyes open to see the curtains blocking only the streetlights. It happens a few times, and when the morning outside seems bright enough, he smiles to himself and shifts slightly. Letting his eyes close again, he rolls away from the light of day, mashing his face into Sherlock’s shoulder. With just his mouth, he navigates from humerus to clavicle, letting his lips catch and drag as he slides inwards. Sherlock grumbles into semiconsciousness, and John can feel the vibrations with his hand on Sherlock’s ribs. A dozen nipping kisses bring him up the frankly unfair expanse of throat to his jaw. He nuzzles it blindly, loving the crisp bass voice smudged with slumber.
“I’ve never deleted anything about you.” All other expression is wiped away from John’s face to allow room for something akin to shock.
“I know.” It takes a moment, but eventually he can sit on John’s thighs, full, full. He grinds down further, for good measure, and John nips at his exposed throat.
But they aren't those people, and John hates it. Sherlock sees his discomfort, of course, and tries to be more accommodating, which has John more frustrated than ever.
“No no, I simply wanted to speak with you. Permit me to say my piece, and then I will abide by your terms.”
"Yeah, I know, but I do," John countered sharply. "I got you something because you're my best friend and that's what friends do. The boring ones, anyway."
“It’s all… very good. Thank you.” When his fingertip slipped back out, Sherlock grasped his hand and pulled it around himself. John settled in, waited for him to say something or to let go, but he fell asleep before either happened.
They’re chasing down a serial killer now, though, who has been targeting shorter men in their forties and fifties. Something to do with their father; Sherlock had dismissed the information once he was sure John could remind him of it if necessary.
"I need you in me, John," Sherlock gasped. Holding John's wrist, he guided his fingers to his arse. "Here. Please." John nodded desperately.
John does know. He’s also continued to fantasise about driving Sherlock mad with lust, about being knotted by him, despite everything. His prescription recommends allowing a heat for every three it denied, so it’s probably time to go off the suppressants until his next heat passed. He sighs and risks a glance at Sherlock, who looks a little bored.
“Is is alright? How do you feel?” A slight nod answered his question, he hoped, because Sherlock was as unclear as ever.
“No,” John corrected, adding a nip to Sherlock’s lip for emphasis. “If we do it it’s because you’re the most gorgeous bloody person I’ve ever met, and I love you, and you want to. Not because we should.”
Biting her lip, Sherlock looked away. Even with what they had just shared, she hesitated to tell John.
“Gonna kiss you all over,” John repeated, and he nodded and shoved down his pants entirely, stepping out of them.
“I’m just like what.” Sherlock takes note of Abigael’s opinion on butternut squash, tries it himself, appends his notes, and moves on to banana.
drugging your parents. Or your brother. Especially your brother; I've got to deal with him more often than with Mum and Dad."
John manages another couple of pints while Sherlock judges the situation in the pub. He does not share his thoughts, though, and eventually bundles a happily pliant John into a taxi home.
"I like it here too," John smiles, "but leaving an hour later will mean getting home two hours later; you know this. And," he takes a gamble, "I think you might like what we can do there, too." He slides his hand over the curve of Sherlock's arse.
"Well, of course as a small child I gave him far too much credit. But it... it was really the pirate thing."
“Fucking gorgeous,” John assures him, drawing him into an embrace, hands at home on his arse. “I was just wondering if you ever had anyone here – had sex under everyone’s noses.”
Still glistening with sweat and more than a little semen and lube, Sherlock had apparently fallen asleep. Peter grinned at John watching him, grabbed the cloths, and took care of clean-up. John tried to excuse himself, offering to get coffee, but Peter declined, said he’d be on his way.
“Sherlock, are you-” He cut himself off, and Sherlock broke his gaze to pull at a loose thread in his trousers.
A short cab ride took him to his front door, where he hesitated. If whatever he did next did not go well, he would be as lost as he was six years ago. Opening the door, he made his way quickly but silently up the stairs - it was after 1, and Mrs Hudson was not a heavy sleeper.
. In the future, I need you to stop assuming you know what’s best for me. And tell me if you’re worried - about anything.”
Mycroft, already impeccably suited, looks at his phone and tucks it into his pocket, pointedly ignoring Sherlock’s furious glare.
It’s not hard to deduce he’s out of practice. But his lips are soft, and the hand at my back is firm. I smear the edges of our kiss past the curve of his lip to the line of his jaw, the plane of his cheek.
Handing over the bottle of wine he is still telling himself cost half as much as it did, John murmurs thanks and sidles into the lounge room. Mycroft sits in an armchair, with a surprisingly relaxed posture and tender smile, texting. In an instant he schools his expression, but remains slouching. He barely spares John a glance, although he manages a polite greeting.
“Time for breakfast,” she quipped, and Sherlock’s answering laugh turned into a gasp when John laved her tongue over her, soft and wet. Sucking kisses dotted across her hips bloomed waves of sensation. Her eyes were shut, Sherlock realised, and her hands teasing at her own nipples.
Hours later, when John went to bed - his proper bed, this time - there wasn’t a single drop of alcohol in his stomach to disconnect him from reality, great part of it due to Mrs. Hudson confiscating all his bottles that morning.
look in human history, but she wasn’t in the room long enough for him to delight on her expression, instead she vanished in the direction of the kitchen again.
John reached for the knife in front of him, releasing the note from it and stabbing the bills in its place. He looked up to Mrs. Hudson with a blank expression.
John arrived at 221B panting, his clothes soaking wet while he tried to shake the drops of rain from his hair.
John had read every single journal Sherlock left at the flat. Not personal journals, of course, but scientific ones. Anyway, he could recognise Sherlock’s question mark in a sentence with his eyes half closed.
Three months had passed since Sherlock’s death and John had realised, most forcibly, that he couldn’t escape his presence, even though he desperately tried to, even though he wanted anything but. That’s why he ended up in 221B one morning, having left his house the night prior because of a fight he had with Mary, the sixth that week, and walked the city sober. One hell of an achievement.
PS: Mary is bittersweetly written in this chapter, but it's no spoiler to say that she was the one who shot Sherlock in Magnussen's office, so we should always remember to keep an eye on her.
“Oi! You’re not the only one who recognises talent when you see it, you know?” Lestrade grumbled. “I was decided to give him a second chance before you invaded my office, but sure, I’ll take your orders,
They were interrupted by another message buzzing in the man’s mobile and John felt guilty for holding him back when he knew he was in a rush.
jazz, but things don’t seem to be working out. You do know that a ballet pianist doesn’t have a lot of freedom to creativity, don’t you?”
“Oh, I have no idea. He might be, it’s always a surprise with him.” He sat in his chair and, noticing the worry in John’s expression, showed him the door with a smile. “Go after him, you might appreciate his
“I swear this wedding is bankrupting me, Sherlock. These shoes alone cost me a month of work, and I’m so occupied here and there, with wine tasting, and cake choosing, and dress fabrics approval, and God knows what else, that I’m barely twice a week at the clinic. Mary wants me to go look after chairs with her tomorrow. I mean, CHAIRS! Couldn’t we look at—”
“After Moriarty, dead bodies in the carpet are precisely the image I associate with this place, to be honest.”
“It’s okay, it doesn’t hurt without shoes.” Sherlock broke contact suddenly, stepping back and walking to the place he’d left his coat.
“Well, it’s possible Mrs. Hudson breaks in with tea as usual, but I told her I needed the space for some experiments, so she may as well avoid the image of dead bodies in her carpet.”
“Besides, what good would be for a former army doctor to give up on his only shot at doing something he likes, now that he can’t go back to war anymore? His therapist would certainly suffer the consequences.”
Confusion bit John’s senses until it was turned into vacuum. Then vacuum turned itself into pain, and pain turned John’s stomach upside down like a rollercoaster.
Guys, I KNOW. I feel like the worst person ever for taking so long to post here. I've been struggling with life and depression (and life with depression), but I swear to you I'd never abandon this story. I love writing it and I love the feedback I get from you, it makes me so happy. I'm taking time to write every day these last months, so you can rest assured that I will get back with more and more chapters for you. I have this fic planned since day one, so I hope you enjoy the journey. Please let me know what you think of this chapter, I appreciate your comments immensely! Stay well and with me, xoxo
“Besides, you won’t attend your own wedding wearing this mess of shoes, John, not on my watch. And you don’t have much more money to buy another pair and pay for those chairs tomorrow, or the bridesmaids dresses that I’m so happy you ordered the lilac fabrics for, and there’s countless debts still to come. Not to say you promised Mary stupid sex holidays and you won’t hear the end of it if—”
John knew it didn’t make sense, but he called Greg anyhow, only to be told what he was already expecting. It was late night when he called, but his friend answered the phone quickly, not a spark of sleepiness in his voice. They kept the conversation quite peacefully.
By the time things stopped spiraling around him, two soft hands were cupping John’s cheeks to check for heat, and then off to the kitchen and back from it with a wet towel.
“What, you saw it in my trousers or something?” John provoked. Damn, now it was his tongue flirting of its own accord.
He dreamed of a selfish Sherlock making noise downstairs, spilling one of his experiments all over the kitchen table and then calling out for John’s help, so loud that Mrs. Hudson would certainly run to the flat to check what was happening.
There were no visions of Sherlock that night. There was only Sherlock’s belongings hanging around the flat, as always.
John’s mind was so occupied processing the situation - and instinctively evaluating the height and timber of the stranger - that it took him a couple of seconds to discern what was being said and finally react to it. When he did, it wasn’t a smart reaction anyway: “Wait, what?” was all he managed to answer.
John never allowed himself to envision long enough how it’d hurt him to do that, if he was in Sherlock's place.
Actually, Sherlock never had the habit of leaving notes to John, not that he remembered. He would occasionally leave them for Mrs. Hudson, but never John. When they lived together, a long long time ago, before Moriarty, before the fall, before Mary, before any of these problems -
, he adverted himself - he and Sherlock were so close to each other they didn’t need to communicate like that.
“Oh!” She stepped forward and took the note in her hands, carefully. “This is Sherlock’s calligraphy, isn’t it?”
His breathing was so slow it could as well cease to work at any second and it wouldn’t make a difference.
“Oh, God, to think I survived to see this day!” Mrs. Hudson said when she picked up Rosie for the first time, and then suddenly opened her mouth in horror when she realised the double meaning in the words. “Sorry, John, I didn’t mean to…”
“We haven’t began but something’s telling me I’ll want to curse you every word you say. Please don’t let me be right.”
He stared at the note in his hands, trying to recall when Sherlock had left it for him in the first place, what was its context or anything. He couldn’t even remember receiving it. Course he couldn’t.
Could Lestrade get to the point of mocking John’s grief, just to have him do the Yard’s job for them? No, John knew his friend would never thoughtfully do that.
“What are you talking—I mean, not that you’re any less of a prat everyday of your life.” He laughed, but the sound of it dissipated when he realised Sherlock looked genuinely worried.
“Must’ve been Lestrade. He’s tried everything these last months to persuade me to solve Sherlock’s case. Everytime I say no, he ignores me and tries again. Apparently, he abandoned boundaries.”
“Yes, like that. We should keep our arms this high during the whole dance. Not higher than our shoulders, nor lower.”
“Forget I’m here. Don’t overthink what we're doing.” He whispered. “Just do it, and listen to the song. It'll speak to you.”
John’s eyes weren’t fixated on the mess he’d have to clean soon. They were also not paying attention to his soaked trousers dropping hot tea to his shoes. Nor were they worried about the burned skin hurting beneath all of it.
When John asked him about the note, Greg genuinely didn’t know a thing about it. John explained it to him, and he suggested that maybe Mary could have stabbed the note to prove some point.
The anger John had felt earlier that day had completely vanished after he went out for a walk at the surrounds of the Thames. He even turned his mobile on, which resulted in a not at all peaceful conversation with Mary.
“Okay! Okay. Thank you.” He cut Sherlock, not exactly keen on having a conversation about his and Mary’s honeymoon with him.
“Come to the Farm tomorrow night at seven. Give the front desk this number. They might call me ‘The Machine’ or ‘The Fucking Machine,’ but my name is Sherlock Holmes.”
Mycroft’s eight tentacles had been part of the ‘welcome home’ embrace, but Lestrade assumed they would share in the fatigue. Evidently, Lestrade had been wrong, at least in the case of one of them.
“The fellow’s well known for them. The sailor I saw had a red wyvern flying over what might have been the Welsh countryside if Wales was a province of Coleridge’s Xanadu. The one that was in the artist’s chair was getting a sea serpent. Difficult to describe just how surreal the scene was. The main creature was fabulous, in all senses of the word, and then there were all these little tableaus in the background. Animals, fruit, fountains, musical instruments.”
You sigh. “My only consolation is that you must be somewhat rested. These first days we’ve been too busy and too fatigued with the unpacking for your anxiety to surface. And I’m certain that the story that the lady who runs the lending library told us yesterday contributed.”
Sherlock was pawing the front of his knickers and wearing an expression of Saint Sebastian style agony.
A collection of fic prompts based on mash-up titles of at least two canon cases. For the LJ Holmes Minor comm March activity.
It was the first day of real sunshine after what had seemed like a season of nothing but cold, grey skies. It was the first intimation that winter was loosening its grip on the world. I was standing in the threshold of the back door, looking out at our tiny corner of Sussex, bathed in a late afternoon glow.
“No whisking me off to anonymous islands. No parachuting me into anonymous snow-bound chalets,” teased Molly. “Or arranging a plague to hit my office and then whisking me off to—”
That a most observant detective had failed to realise that he was himself being observed said everything about the situation.
The knickers were tied with thin hot pink ribbon on each side. Mycroft reached over and pulled one of the ends and kept pulling until the whole ensemble was decorating the floor of the car.
, where Watson has a hobby of making fairy furniture. References to Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream.
“Holmes.” I took him in my arms and held him tight. “Some people store their resentments for a long time and let them fester and build. I am not one of those people. And I am not unhappy. Far from it. I adore you just the way you are.”
I've seen two recipes for a Secretary. One is vodka citron, pineapple juice, orange juice and cranberry juice on the rocks.
The bedroom falls dark the moment that their lips meet. The kiss is soft, chaste, a brush of ‘hello’ with a touch of ‘Aren’t you lovely?’.
He hadn’t noticed that his hand had slipped beneath Mycroft’s coat and suit jacket to what lay beneath.
“Oh, fuck,” Molly sighed. Her hands were resting on his head, which was hidden beneath her skirt. It seemed all the heat in her body was emanating from the point at which his mouth touched her. He’d pushed the silk aside and sucked and licked and probed and then let her rut against his mouth, taking what she needed.
“I thought you were about that double murder at the Deveron house. I would’ve cancelled my dinner and gone with you myself, but you insisted—”
Seb eased the straps off Molly’s shoulders. He bent low and kissed each of Molly’s nipples in turn, then said, “We think the prats deserve a bit of mammoplasty themselves—without anesthesia. Heh, heh.” He buried his face in Molly’s cleavage, nuzzling and licking.
“You’re overheated,” I said. Though the weather was very mild, his face bore a deep flush and his temples a sheen of perspiration.
“That’s my favourite of John’s jumpers. It smells the most like him, even when he’s not wearing it.”
A bit of skiing. A cross-country trek or two in snowshoes. Marvelling at the sweet woodland creatures and the way the sun hit the icicles on the branches. Listening to the wind through the firs or the spruces or whatever those damn trees were. That sort of thing.
“I’m sorry, my lad. The dreams, they’re getting worse. Why are they getting worse? They should be getting better.”
He watched long, elegant fingers toying with his prick as he drizzled the lube. The fingers spread the lube evenly along John’s prick then guided the prick to the cleft of the round arse.
Sherlock & Mycroft get drunk at a bar (while Greg & John are singing karaoke) and discuss a wager. Silly Omegaverse. Johnlock. Mystrade. Alphas: Sherlock & Mycroft. Omegas: John & Greg. Lots of talking about sex, no actual sex.
John heard the click, then laughed and kissed Lestrade’s collar bone. “Now look what your pussy dragged in.”
“Very subtle, Watson.” He began to tick things off on his fingers. “We are dealing with someone who knew Hawkriver very well, knew the forests around his home very well, had access to Hawkriver’s possessions and was willing to take an enormous risk.”
, which is a Molly-looking person sitting in a window seat with a tiny Christmas tree and a notebook/book.
I decided to break away from the pack of hunters, thinking, in fact, that I might make my way back to the adjoining rooms that Holmes and I shared on the east wing of the first floor, but in the spirit of the game, I changed my mind and made for the west wing of the same floor.
“I find it,” he said in a tone that put an end to any nagging fear. He pointed. “That lacing. I saw a group of prisoners once. They were tied, each and together, in a manner that went far beyond containment. Art in the blood is liable to take the strangest form. The guard was an artist, the rope his brush. It was…”
“Don’t worry. It’s summer’s end. It will soon be cool enough to wear them again. Difficult to look dashing when it’s still so bloody hot, but you manage without them.”
“I find it soothing, baking,” Mycroft added, with a crooked smile, which Lestrade suspected was his genuine one. “And yes, I do wear an apron.”
“Excuse me,” said Stamford. He stood and went to the door, muttering to himself, “Polite signs get you nowhere. They still interrupt!”
John opened his shirt and pressed his chest to Sherlock’s back. Then he leaned back and, looking at the two dark stains, said, “Shirt’s all wet. Guess you’ll have to take it off.”
He then wraps a dry hand around his shaft and imagines—or remembers, difficult to say—Mycroft making love to his prick, licking it like some sweet treat that, once upon a time, he was not good at resisting.
“You will listen,” countered Holmes. “Or I will take what I know to your former place of work and tell them all that I know. And all that I can prove.” Holmes made a show of nonchalantly straightening his cuffs. “Mrs. Turner came here on Wednesday evenings. She and our Mrs. Hudson were part of a sort of informal sewing circle.”
Mycroft switched on the light as he entered his bedroom. He dropped the contents of his pockets in a bowl on the dresser, then sat on the bed, unlaced his shoes and slipped them and his socks off. He wiggled his toes, then scooped up his socks and padded to a lined wicker bin in the corner and dropped them in. He took off his suit jacket and hung it up in the closet, passing by a large double-sided, double-doored antique wardrobe as he did so.
Watson followed the sonorous baritone, which replaced the violin. He halted abruptly behind a hedge and watched Holmes serenade the blossom-less stems.
“We’ll see about that,” were my companions last words, punctuated with a gentlemanly nod of the head, but a cad’s glint in the eye.
Sherlock’s pressed play. His phone myc wasn’t loud enough for the room, but he found a way to balance it in his shirt’s pocket so the sound would remain close to them.
The following days, John wanted to tell Sherlock everything. About Mary and the divorce, about Rosie and her perfection, about the way he missed Sherlock and just wanted him to be alive. But he couldn’t.
The man walked to the door and left the room. John looked at Lestrade, unclear of what just happened, but relieved for the influence it had on his future at the company. He was afraid of this job, for sure, but the stranger had a point: he needed it. “Thank you, Greg. You didn’t need to-”
“You see but you do not observe.” He smirked and turned to leave. “Tomorrow, Watson! You’re gonna dance! Oh, by the way”, he turned around, “the name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street.”
He paused his anger, reserving it somewhere for later, and trying to ease the clench of his fists and the look on his face before looking up.
That’s why John decided to text her, who answered just as quickly - apparently, everyone was facing the same sleeping problems -, also seeming to have zero knowledge about any note.
It was then that Helen noticed the wand in John's hand. Her eyes went wide open, the pieces clicking into place, though she seemed rather confused. "You're a… a-"
“In any case”, Sherlock went on, as though he were pretending he hadn’t just said ‘brilliant’, “it was a happy coincidence for Roylott that you moved here after you and your girlfriend broke up. That way, he would be able to kill you easily if you tried to finish Julia’s plans to make your mother leave him, or if you ever got the police to reopen Julia’s case”, he explained. “That’s why tonight, seeing that you had come to us, he let the Lethifold into your bedroom, thinking you were there. He repeated the operation.”
"As are a few other people, including myself", Mycroft had remarked. "My brother seems very fond of you, doctor", he'd said, "so I'll give you a piece of advice. Don't perform magic anymore."
The flat was eerily quiet; no sound but the electric hum of the fridge and the ticking of a clock. John and Sherlock stepped inside, trying to make as little noise as possible so as not to startle Helen, thinking her asleep. But as John approached the sofa to wake her up, he realised she was not there.
and gone for good, and what did it matter that they could still talk? It was worthless compared to what they could have,
“Still, however it happened”, he continued, “they got away with it. The case is closed, which takes me to the next important question”, he paused. “If Julia was reported missing, the police should still be searching for her. But they stopped investigating after three weeks; they declared her dead.”
“Whatever happened to Julia, Helen witnessed it”, Sherlock said. “The most logical hypothesis would be that someone wearing a black cape came here and murdered her. Perhaps they wore it to avoid being recognised. It’s unlikely, though, because why would they conceal themselves if they thought Julia was alone?” he asked, more to himself than to John.
“That doesn’t matter!” John shouted, exasperated. “To Helen, she’s dead, so you’ll respect that”, he ordered. “And you’d better explain that brilliant plan of yours, because I don’t see how we’re going to get a bloody cape to come here and try to kill us.”
Though Sherlock hated accepting help from his brother, he was thankful he’d sent Lestrade to Baker Street. Not that John was actually doing any better, but at least there was somebody there to keep a good eye on him. Lestrade, unlike Sherlock, could call 999 or give John first aid should there be an emergency. He could talk to him and listen in a more tactful way than Sherlock could have done. John was in good hands.
This couldn’t be good. He took a deep breath, telling himself not to let worry affect him. She might have simply got up to go to the toilet; she was probably alright. But, deep inside, he wondered. Had they been too late? Had the Lethifold, perhaps, found its way back to her flat?
The three officers went down the cabinet, and Sherlock did his best not to rub his eyes at the sight of it. He was still struggling to believe that a simple piece of furniture could actually be
The cab ride didn’t take too long, but John was anxious still. He hadn’t seen Ella in what felt like a century. He didn’t know what to expect, or even where he’d start. This wasn’t regular grief. He wouldn’t have phoned Ella in the first place if it had been. But if he didn’t know how to deal with these tangled emotions, how would his therapist? Should he even tell her the truth?
“Well, yes”, Helen said. “After Persia and I broke up, she kept everything, so it was good Julia’s things were still here.”
Behind him, Sherlock was so silent it was as though he had stopped breathing. And though John was no expert in legilimency, he could still sense every emotion that crossed Sherlock’s mind. Confusion. Fear. Doubt.
A red light came out of the tip of his wand. John’s flew away from his grasp, and Sherlock lost it. In one swift move, he fired. Roylott fell to the floor, blood dripping from his forehead. He was dead.
It was fairly simple, really: to open the cabinet, he pulled the door using a mop, which he had borrowed from the janitor’s closet. He had taped his mobile to one end of the mop, opening the camera to record. That way, he could use it to peek inside without having to come closer.
Except he wasn’t really here. Instead, John felt like he was being constantly reminded of what they could never have; of the fact that they were so close, yet completely unable to reach each other. And that was all there’d ever be: the ghost of a friendship, of a life, that could’ve been more but never would.
He put it down five minutes later, knowing it would be foolish to spend all his energy in holding a sheet of paper up. If he was right about Mycroft, it should be enough time for him to get the message. Sighing, he lay down on the floor and waited.
But magic? Magic was a kind of art Sherlock did not know. It was Picasso: unpredictable, strange. Every stroke of the brush was there, in the right place, but still not where one would have expected it to be.
“Ah-ah,” John denied, gripping the bottles so tight Sherlock couldn’t toss them away from him. He wasn’t strong enough to, and John was using that to his own advantage. “We need to talk, and I need to drink.”
John could still remember it. The very night he had shot the cabbie, Mycroft had called him aside from the crime scene. Looking back, John supposed he should have expected him to figure it out within seconds. But that night, he had taken him by surprise.
Why was his heart not willing to listen to any of the rational thoughts that arose in the back of his mind? Why did he keep waking up on soaking wet pillows? Why were his hands shaking as they tried to suppress the feelings? The doubts would turn to pain and make their way down to his leg, which he knew shouldn’t be hurting but couldn’t stop it from doing so.
His gaze fell on the cabinet. Sherlock wanted to step inside it. He was eager to know more, to see more; and how would he ever solve the case if he didn’t go further? If he could just look inside, he could find clues. But he remembered what John had said: the cabinet was enchanted, and if Sherlock got close to it, he would grow confused – again.
Sorry that this chapter was a little shorter than the previous ones, but I did it for the cliffhanger. Sorry about the cliffhanger as well.
“A Lethifold”, said John. “It’s a magical beast, it suffocates people and eats them. They also call it a Living Shroud”, he explained. “But they’re not common in Britain, they’re tropical. Why would it be here?” he mumbled.
“No, that’s not... What I mean is,” Sherlock rephrased, “when you go out, I... have to go with you. If I don’t, I’ll end up next to you any way.”
They’d always been two parts of a whole. But in giving his life for John, Sherlock had connected their souls. They
Catherine smiled at her. “Yeah, he is. He’s been through a lot, you know? Besides this, I mean. And he’s always managed to make it,” she glanced at John, who was asleep on his hospital bed. He’d been in and out those days. “And I really hope he will now, too. But I’m scared,” she said. “He could die. His heart’s really weak.”
In the kitchen, Sherlock’s mind was racing. He couldn’t find enough clues, and it was driving him up the walls. There was more to this case; there had to be! It was obvious that Helen’s stepfather was hiding something. Why else would he have threatened them? But there was something about the man that Sherlock was not seeing. Something staring right back at him.
Sherlock seemed taken aback at this. Clearly, it wasn’t the response he’d been expecting. “No, don’t you worry about that.” He smiled, though John couldn’t see.
"You seem to be as fond of Sherlock as he is of you", Mycroft had responded, "and I think it would be a pity for him to become so lonely again."
Sherlock rushed after his friend. Under any other circumstances, he would’ve had no idea why John had the sudden need to visit Sherlock’s grave at three in the morning; but given the state he was in, he didn’t think it was a good sign. “Why now?”
So this was, it seemed, the final evidence that caring was not an advantage. What had Sherlock ever gained from it that he had not lost?
“Julia was always trying to convince Mum to leave him. I used to do the same, at first; but I gave up after a while. It was pointless”, she explained. “Mum always says she can’t; says he’s gonna hurt her if she even thinks about it. And what could I do? What could Julia have done?” she asked. “We couldn’t tell the police our stepdad was a dangerous wizard; they would’ve thought we were mad.”
He shook his head. He couldn’t keep thinking about that now, not when he had more important priorities. “John, please don’t–”
But then again, here he was. This was no coping mechanism made up by his subconscious. Sherlock bloody Holmes was really back from the dead. Well, kind of, because he was
Sherlock laughed at this. Soon they were both giggling, unable to stop themselves. The idea of a cape murdering someone was so ridiculous, and yet here they were, awaiting it in a client’s bedroom. It was impressive how they always managed to get into the most bizarre situations.
John sighed. “You can’t just tell her you’re going to make her relive her sister’s death and act like it’s nothing”, he said.
“I’ve been trying to pull that bloody knife out of the mantelpiece for the last six hours, but I can’t do it.”
John took Sherlock by the shoulders. “I’ll be right back, okay? Ten minutes at most”, he smiled, trying to reassure him.
“He says some things are easy, like sitting, but the skull felt really heavy. Takes him effort,” John paraphrased.
John blinked. That completely sounded like Mycroft, but they couldn’t have been so obvious, could they? They’d been careful. All John had done was speak to Sherlock when nobody was watching. Anyone would’ve assumed he was thinking out loud.
Sherlock smiled, cupping John’s face and kissing him back. “I know”, he said when they pulled apart. “Though”, he smirked, teasingly, “this case would've been much easier if you’d just told me you were a wizard before.”
, Mycroft thought, his lips rounding. John must be seeing Sherlock, pretending he was still there. It was a coping mechanism, then. Loss was a tricky thing.
“Agh, it’s useless!” said Sherlock, his foot running through the coffee table as he kicked it in exasperation.
“But he’s always been very secretive about it”, she continued. “We never found out what he does for a living, or how magic works. All I know is he threatened us with magic constantly”, Helen sighed. “He still threatens me, even though I moved out years ago.
“No, it isn’t,” Sherlock replied. “It took me a while to get it. Apparently some things are easier than others. Sitting is a piece of cake, but with the skull it felt like I was carrying a piano. It’s exhausting.”
“I’ve haven’t been to my grave yet. I’d like to,” Sherlock confessed, somewhat tenderly. “Just for a little while. Please,” he begged.
And then the realisation hit him. Sherlock was dead. Surely he must be upset about that? He wouldn’t let John know. That was Sherlock, the emotionless machine. The ‘sociopath’, as he liked to say. How could he let anybody know that he was upset about anything? How could he swallow his pride and tell anybody, even himself, that he was grieving his own life?
Before John could stop him, Sherlock turned around and went into Helen’s bedroom, not saying another word.
,” he huffs. “But - but I fell in love without meaning to. And then suddenly nothing mattered but him. Making him happy, keeping him safe. I was always too cowardly to reveal the-” he takes a heaving breath, “-the true depth of my feelings, but you keep me right, John Watson.”
early, but he brings Fawnlock to bliss with his mouth and hands before going to rejoice in his forest.
“Your turn. Come - on -” he panted, and John giggled again at his impatience, but Sherlock wasn’t finished. “- me, come on me John.”
“Don’t you dare leave me again, John Watson,” he says, and he’s not being serious, John thinks, but he still feels the blow in his chest.
John does not get angry loudly. He restrains himself, and Sherlock knows the flatter and blanker his voice and face gets, the madder he is. John stands the box of cereal on the bench and turns to look past Sherlock, who has to know this was not good.
In reply,  Sherlock tips his hips up to catch John’s attention. True to his word, his little cock is swollen and red, demanding. John covers it with his mouth, pressing his tongue down against the flesh. Sherlock bucks, and John laughs until Sherlock pulls his hips down to lick into him. He flicks his tongue against the head of his cock as best he can while his mind is spinning away.
“I don’t want you to, no.” Taking a deep breath and pinching the bridge of his nose, he asks Sherlock, “Do you know why I was so angry about you leaving me behind today?”
“- and so obviously he couldn’t’ve been working alone, it was stupid of me not to-” Sherlock stops himself. Reddening, his gaze flickers over John, who keeps his face neutral. He will
Sleep took her eventually, and she woke to John’s fingers (short, dextrous) brushing her hair from her face.
At first John says they have to return it, but Fawnlock spins around again and the skirt gets hiked up on their little tail. John goes to pull it back down properly but he gets distracted smoothing his hands over the fabric on Fawnlock’s body and it’s
“Do you have your handcuffs?” he asks John as they wait for traffic to clear, bouncing on their toes before running across the road.
Warming some lube in his hand, he slipped his hand back, pressing between Sherlock’s buttocks to nudge against his anus. Sherlock groaned and shuddered, and John circled it gently.
"Yeah. If you're going to deduce it instead of opening the bloody thing, I'll be in the shower." Fifteen minutes later he came back to the living room to see Sherlock poring over the book.
being reasonable, Sherlock. And she’ll grow up visiting you a lot, so I don’t have particularly high expectations of her ever being reasonable
"Not from this angle. I've had to sham at being a boyfriend for a couple men and women in my classes at uni, or in my unit." He does not receive a reply other than a quick kiss to his shoulder before Sherlock pulls away. They sit amicably for a time, Sherlock surveying, John nursing the dregs of his beer. Then:
Slapping the cuff around John’s wrist is shamefully easy, and he is shackled to a bike rack in no time.
"I am a goddamn idiot, Sherlock," he breathes. He takes his fingers and rubs Sherlock's belly tenderly, smearing ejaculate across his skin. "I've wasted so much time."
“Mm. Cloths’re there.” He flung an arm in the direction of his bedside table. Despite a show at grumbling, John leaned over to get them, wiping gently at Sherlock’s arse and thighs with his as Sherlock mopped up the mattress.
“I want to put a lot more than just my tongue in you,” he said lightly, and Sherlock shuddered and muttered into the pillow.
"Mycroft is named after his father, too. He was seven when Mum was pregnant with me, and they told him they would name me William, he put on his
“If you want. Cheeky shit,” he murmured, licking into his mouth. Shaking fingers wrapped around his own.
“Leave it, Sherlock, I don’t think even you can fix this one. Anyway, one boyfriend does not a relationship expert make.”
be ashamed of a nice private wank. “-not to see it. Um. Get up - no - come here - um,” at this Sherlock turns away for a second, his face glowing. “We need to find the accomplice.”
. When they sit toe-to-toe to eat, Sherlock tries one last thing. It’s been recommended to him numerous times, but he doubts its usefulness. Still. Nothing to lose.
Wrapping himself in his bath-robe and making his way down the stairs, he encountered a distinctly bacon-and-toast scent.
His fingers sank easily into Sherlock’s body, and he crooked them slightly as he kissed the curve of his backside. Sherlock groaned and tried to grind back onto John’s hand, but John held him steady.
Sherlock teases another finger around his entrance, pressing it in a little. He ghosts fingers up John’s length, and John groans deep in his throat as he spills all over Sherlock's chest. Sherlock hums happily and swipes a finger through the mess to taste it as John, panting, redoubles his efforts. With a shout, Sherlock comes hard, his entire cock twitching and jerking in John's mouth.
been making noises: wordless, breathy moans. Quirking her mouth into a smile, Sherlock huffed a small laugh. John chuckled in reply and pressed a quick kiss to one thigh, then the other.
that is very good. Slowly his hips roll and grind into John, who holds him so close, so tight, leaving no room for uncertainty. He grins unreservedly down at John.
"I love you, John." It came out a little sterner than intended, but John only laughed. "I do," he insisted.
Sherlock shrugs. "There's a terrible video with a horde of embarrassing moments. We were pretty inseparable, so he no doubt features."
John looked momentarily pained by that, but the expression was wiped off his face by a lengthy yawn. He ended up nodding and pulling off his jumper, unbuttoning the shirt underneath. Although he knew the likelihood of being caught out was minimal, Sherlock kept his gaze from lingering overlong on John’s trim torso when it was bared. He made himself look away entirely when jeans were pushed down.
“Abi. I’ve charted her intake of formula over the last three months. It took you almost a month to give her as much as she wanted, so the data there is spotty, but between ten and fifteen percent of the time she refused to finish her bottle. Now she wants more than recommended upwards of eighty percent of the time, and doesn’t finish a little more than fifteen. She’s on the lower side of average for height -
"Wait, wait, ssss-no don't stop, just hang on a sec love, ah," he gasps and grips the base of his cock tight, trying to breathe deeply and evenly. "Don't want to come yet."
“John,” Sherlock can only gasp, as John begins to rut against him. John’s jumper tickles his belly, but his trousers keep him from feeling every detail of his powerful thighs.
Leaning forward in small jerking motions, Sherlock touched their foreheads together. Their breath mingled.
Words failed him. His mouth opened, then closed again. John drew away, but at the loss of contact he twisted in his chair to face him. John’s face was closing off.
"Yes. I'll be operating on the assumption that the gentleman you spoke to is involved in some measure."
to tell you, it’s been killing me to not just-” he reached out to touch his thumb to Sherlock’s full lower lip. “To not just kiss you, and kiss you, and make you know how loved you are.”
“We could turn the upstairs bedroom into a laboratory, perhaps, or an archive,” mused Sherlock. “You’re right, I shouldn’t have bothered making you breakfast,” he continued, and John choked back a laugh. “This would be the best way to wake up.”
She was still breathless and oversensitive and quaking against John’s fingers, hands caught in the air above her, when John started to giggle, a low murmur of happiness. Her head was still between Sherlock’s shaking thighs, and she kissed them gently, her hand pressing flat against her clit to coax out another few pulses.
He shifted to one side, pressing firmly against Sherlock’s side and tracing with ticklish lightness down the lines of his throat, looping swirls over collarbones, dipping under his t-shirt towards shoulders. Sherlock tried to breathe, and with shaking hands stilled John’s fingers.
They shifted closer together. One huge hand slid over his skin and cupped the quivering fur, dwarfing John's tiny tail.
"Your turn now," he pants, pulling out and shuffling down the bed. Sherlock's erection strains upwards, and John guides the head into his mouth, as he slips two fingers into Sherlock, lube and come easing the way.
"How- how- how did you not know?" he questioned, blessing every square centimetre of Sherlock's face with kisses.
“He wants to fuck you, Sherlock! I’m wondering how or when we were going to talk about moving in together, and he’s wondering if we’d be interested in a threesome. So. Never getting laid again because men are jerks and you’re too fucking beautiful for your own good.”
Sherlock bullied John up the stairs to the room they’d booked. His friend refused to admit to exhaustion, but could barely lift one foot ahead of the other. He leaned into Sherlock as he opened the door for them both.
“Um, that seat is taken, mate.” A little warning is injected into his voice, and John hopes it will be heard.
“Yes,” Sherlock rasped. He swallowed, feeling his heart pounding staccato from his chest to his pulse in his throat, his groin. “I love you, John.”
"She walked into the staff room on my first day, John, at the university, and I just- stopped. My God, I thought, this is the most beautiful creature in the world. She looked so young-"
He wanted to take longer, practicing embroidering the runes for hearing, but Sherlock loitered around him as he stitched the sigils, even bending over John’s chair to literally watch over his shoulder, often resting his chin on John’s shoulder and squashing one of his ears.
“At university,” is all I get, and he turns to look out the window. I do the same, and see that we’re nearly home. When the car pulls over I bundle him inside and settle in to ease his sobering up.
He’d seen Sherlock’s back, of course, but John personally preferred for people to neither focus on nor avoid his own sprawling scar, and suspected Sherlock might be the same. With sweeping motions of his hands accompanying his nipping and licking, he kissed a path from Sherlock’s long neck down to his rounded bottom. When he took two handfuls of arsecheek and squeezed gently, exposing his hole, Sherlock made a strange noise.
“Christ, what was that?” John asked eventually. “I feel like that was payback for something, and I need to know what it was so I can do it more often.”
They sit in silence a while, until John clearly decides he has tortured Sherlock long enough for now, patting his leg as he stands to leave.
“No, John. I mean, yes, alright, if you insist.” He waved his hand between them to clear his thoughts. It was adorable, John decided, and Sherlock continued. “I meant to say, that was. Without a doubt, the best sex of my life.”
When the ear is hit by sound waves, the eardrum vibrates, nudging the hammer, anvil, and stirrup into motion, which then pushes against the oval window of the cochlea. This movement sends the perilymph inside the cochlea swirling around its bony labyrinth. The pressure waves exerted by the liquid are registered by hair cells within the organ of Corti, and these cells communicate with cochlear nerve fibres that send signals to the brain to be translated into noises. Sherlock considered that one of these many steps had been compromised and that she had misheard John.
"This is my son, the Dread Pirate Sherlock, Captain of the Tarantula, scourge of the seven seas," Will commentates calmly. "And his first mate, Redbeard The Pooper."
“I don’t want you to feel… trapped?” He can’t see Sherlock’s face, so he stares instead at his toes. They curl a little, but don’t
I don’t check my phone. 221B is my whole universe until Sherlock is finally himself again, and excuses himself to freshen up.
“Fucking hell, Sherlock.” He shifted to grip and stroke his cock at a furious speed. The hands on his back trailed with impossible delicacy to graze his ribs, his nipples. With his lip between his teeth, he groaned as he spilled over Sherlock’s chest and stomach. Sherlock swiped a fingertip over his skin, tasted it, and continued tracing lazy swirls over his chest as John slumped to his side.
“Jesus. Alright, I’m going.” He couldn’t think about sleeping on the train journey; he considered taking notes on what he wanted to say to Sherlock but immediately scorned the idea. Restlessly he practiced his own deductive skills on the other passengers, although it was mostly guesswork. There was a stopover where he had to change trains at some point, and eventually,
“No, not - no. This isn’t pity. I’m sorry for doing that to you the night you got back, for not making it clear you wouldn't be imposing to ask for my help… for marrying her when you were
Unsurprisingly, he has to park a way down the road from 221, so his first load is Abigael in her carrier, while Sherlock totes his suitcase.
“Yeah, you know. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, 221B Baker St. That’s how it’s meant to be, isn’t it?”
, John!” he bellowed, and John hoped Mrs Hudson was not in. Mentally he cursed at himself for not noticing Sherlock was also still worked up about last night. Assuring himself he had comported himself well and Sherlock would not have serious complaints, he took a casual tone.
“You good?” John checked, kissing right over her clit, too light, and licked at the sensitised skin at the crease of her legs when Sherlock’s hips tried to buck against her.
-” a firm stroking caress indicates where he means - “loving you, your softness, your scent, your shape? Kissing you? Sucking you? Licking you - licking into you?”
"It's okay, Sherlock. There’s no wrong answer. Don't worry about it; you don’t have to do anything tonight. Just let Peter look after you."
Molly provides the match to spark the argument John has been itching for. She mentions she’ll be interviewing for a position in Leeds, rambles about being both excited and nervous at the prospect of living in a new city. Sherlock makes appropriate sorts of noises whenever she pauses for breath as he examines the body. Then:
“Oh,” he said, stopping one step up from the landing. Sherlock leaned into view through the kitchen doorway.
“Breathtaking, John, give me a minute,” he groused, chest heaving. Grinning, John pressed a kiss to his inner thigh.
Of course John notices the retracting arm immediately, but it takes him damnably long to deduce what it means. Then, as Sherlock wants him to keep going (doesn't he? He would've moved or said something otherwise) he continues, inching slightly higher. John’s a doctor and a crack shot, but he still takes his time lining up his move. He swallows. John’s hand darts out, further up Sherlock’s body, touching lightly on the back of his wrist. When they lock eyes, the hairs on the back of his neck prickle. No turning back.
“Oh,” John breathed. Her hair was mussed from sleep, and she pushed it back with one hand. There was never a moment where she wasn’t beautiful, Sherlock thought, but possibly a bed-warm John was the most breathtaking. “You don’t know.”
Can’t bear the thought of sleeping in that bed, he means, but he does not type that much out. Sherlock will be able to tell he spent last night in the nursery.
"Arrr!" the boy replies without slowing down. "My name's not Liam! I'm the Dread Pirate Sherlock, Captain of the Tarantula, scourge of the seven seas!"
Turning a page of the newspaper, John tries to ignore him. After less than a minute, he snaps the paper down onto his knees.
“Ah. Alright.” He pushed, again, silky curls out of his way. Obviously he couldn’t shave it away from the area like he would with a patient made of flesh, and the strands coiled around his fingers as he set tiny neat stitches binding ear to scalp. When finished, he knotted the thread off and hid the end inside the seam. Leaning in closer, John could feel the tickle of hair against his jaw.
“You’ve got me,” Sherlock agreed. He squeezed his cock and rubbed it firmly as John continued to ease his finger into him, pulling back and advancing.
“I have to tell you something,” he started in a whisper. Sherlock was not in the living room, but John stood there and spoke all the same. “I should’ve told you this quite a while ago. You know you mean a lot to me, but - but I don’t think you know quite how much.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m green. Peter, you can - go on.” He reached down to stroke his own erection, plumping up once more. Peter murmured a reply, hooking his hands behind Sherlock’s knees and starting to rock into him. John swallowed past the lump in his throat.
She was sopping, and Sherlock pushed in smoothly. Hooking her fingers to press against John’s g-spot as she ate her out, it wasn’t long before John began to gasp out her orgasm, holding Sherlock’s head close. When John ground down harder against her hand and mouth, Sherlock hazarded a guess as to what she might like. Rather than stopping or pulling away to let John come down gently, she wrapped an arm around John’s thigh to hold her close and sucked harder, worked her fingers faster, and kept going as John gripped her wrist, panting.
wears clothes; John knows what they look like nude. There’s no reason why wet fabric clinging to Fawlock's skin and fur,
Nothing is said about it for the duration of the coda to their case. John didn’t really expect otherwise - he doesn’t need an apology. Once they return home a second time, Sherlock turns to John and forces out some thanks, followed by a bumbling assurance to let him sleep in as long as he wishes in the morning.
Sherlock has told him exactly how much his parents have been informed of when it came to Mary and the baby, but as she steadies a look at him with all of Sherlock's calculation along with a large deal of Mycroft's polite blankness, he knows she knows a great deal more than that.
"I wish I was," he admits, and immediately regrets the last couple of drinks. He looks away, and sees a photograph of a young boy with dark curly hair clutching a dark red puppy in a frame on the table beside him. Picking it up, he guesses Sherlock to be five or six, and the setter less than three months.
“Yeah.” He shifted his fingers from inside Sherlock and hoped he was prepared enough. This time when John nudged at his hips, he obligingly rolled over, discarding his robe in the process, presenting his arse and clutching his pillows under his head.
on the forehead,” John clarifies. This startles a chuckle out of him, and while he is still smiling, John surges towards him to press their lips together.
“I really don’t, you know.” Harry sat at her table, not looking at John. “You beat the gambling. You’re in the city you love, with a job you love, with the person you love. And you’re fucking miserable whenever you stop to draw breath, and we both know why.” She buried her head in her arms. “I know I’m a fuck-up, but at least I gave it a
. Because Sherlock bloody cared about him, but maybe if he didn’t, Moriarty wouldn’t have threatened him with John’s life. Or maybe he would’ve told Moriarty to sod off, and who cared if it was John who’d died instead? At least Sherlock would’ve lived.
“I agree. And you said you still don’t know how this works?” he inquired, eager to find answers to his doubts.
John let out a dry chuckle, then sighed. “I know,” he said, his voice hoarse. “But there’s things I want, I
, thought John. She wouldn’t want to relive such a traumatic moment. God only knew how much courage it had taken her to even ask them to investigate.
It made sense, now that John thought about it. How else could Roylott have got hold of a Lethifold? It was one of the most lethal beasts in the world; no one could have laid their hands on one without breaking a few laws.
As it turned out, John didn’t like to talk about Sherlock’s death, but Catherine had managed to find out what had happened all the same. Sherlock had died saving John’s life, Uncle Greg had told her, and John had been so depressed that he’d almost killed himself. After that, they’d sent him to therapy, and it had taken a while but he recovered eventually.
How could he put his feelings into words? The grief was there, still pounding; tears bleeding out when no one could see him. Sherlock jumping off the roof over and over until the mere sight of an ambulance made John’s legs shake as his breath caught in his throat and his chest tightened. The guilt choked him as his rational side worthlessly battled against it. Sure, there was nothing John could’ve done to prevent it, but it was
But Roylott… Roylott had dozens, perhaps hundreds of creatures, all within arm’s reach. And the Lethifold was ideal: a killer beast that left no trace of its presence. Julia would’ve stood no chance against it, being a Muggle.
John sighed, doing his best to calm down. “I know you did”, he said. “But… Sherlock, you can’t defend yourself against a Lethifold. What if it had escaped when you opened that door? I could’ve lost you”, John said softly, putting a hand on Sherlock’s cheek. “Please don’t ever do something like that again.”
And even though he knew the reason, it was something he was not ready to admit. How on Earth was he ever supposed to acknowledge that the man he loved was gone before he could take his chance to tell him?
“To keep Helen silent”, John murmured, understanding Sherlock’s point. “So that’s the plan. We stay here and see if Roylott tries again?” he asked. “What if he doesn’t? What if it wasn’t even him who killed Julia?”
Looking at Sherlock now, telling him he had to obliviate him… it seemed impossible to do. How could John gather enough courage to wipe Sherlock’s memories of magic? How would he look him in the eye when they were back at Baker St and not let the guilt show on his face? How many times would he have to Confund him from now on, whenever Sherlock realised there were blanks in his memory? He couldn’t. He couldn’t.
Opposite the entrance door was the kitchen, which was separated from the living room by a long counter. Indeed, just like Helen had described, there was a window there from which the bedroom could be seen. The window was on the left wall, and it opened out to an inner area, as did the bedroom window. This area was so small and narrow that it couldn’t be described as a courtyard. It seemed its only purpose was to ventilate the building and let in sunlight.
And by that, Sherlock meant that John didn’t usually seem to be hearing voices that nobody else could, or anything similar. Besides, he wouldn’t have dropped his cup in such shock if he was used to this sort of supernatural events. Still, this was the action that confirmed Sherlock’s hypothesis.
The practice was about as large as Helen's flat. They were close to the entrance door. Roylott was nowhere to be seen. John signalled for Sherlock to stay behind, and he approached the back of the practice, wand at the ready.
They pulled away, slowly, hesitantly; lost in each other’s eyes. Light was beginning to surround them, the hospital bedroom and the staff’s efforts to revive John long forgotten. Sherlock took John’s hand in his, cupping his cheek with the other.
“Alright,” Sherlock pursed his lips, trying to decide where to start explaining. “I... You know that dreadful film we saw the last time we had a movie night?”
“I don’t actually know much”, she started. “Grimesby married Mum when Julia and I were sixteen, so I guess he was… forced… to tell us. Didn’t really have a choice; we were all living together.
John was silent, head still trying to process the new information. He didn’t mean to blame Sherlock for it, let alone expect him to be able to stop it happening; but it seemed so strange. All this supernatural business was so alien, so irrational, that it felt nearly impossible to understand how it worked. But then again, the fact that they were having this conversation would’ve seemed absurd a month ago; so John guessed they’d just have to expect the unexpected from now on.
His gaze fell upon Sherlock, sitting there on Helen’s bed, lost in a sea of deductions and speculations. To that day, John still found himself marvelling at Sherlock’s brilliance. He had been captivated by him as soon as he’d met him. But instead of diminishing over time, the admiration John had for him just kept growing.
John grinned. “Yeah, I also got a mouth that waters at the sight of you.” He bent low and took Sherlock’s nipple in his mouth, running his wide, flat tongue back and forth over it, then swirling the tip of his tongue ‘round the edges and flicking it. Then he pressed his mouth to the whole area and sucked.
It was only my sheer bravado, still robust even after decades of heavy use, that kept me strong enough to seize her and drag her to the bank.
The opening verse is called a trine, three rhymed couplets and a tercet, done in French heroic line or Alexandrine. And I was struck by (and thus included) the phrases in the definition of the latter: the hemistiches must be equal and complete and the caesura must be absolute.
“Calm yourself, Mister Grodman. Please have a seat and listen to all I have to say. You owe me that much, I think, one crime-solving colleague to another, amateur though I am.” Holmes’s tone was hard and commanding.
“Oh, wonderful. Would you like to come in for a cup of tea? It’s the least I can do for a tall, handsome, strong fireman such as yourself, and,” she tore off her mask, “I’ve just hung some mistletoe."
He sighed heavily and repeatedly and enjoyed the afterglow for some moments, then he sighed even more heavily and opened his eyes and picked up the lube and his shirt and began to mop himself up.
The little one was playing with his balls, God, he loved that, while the bigger one would have nothing but his prick, which had stiffened and began to leak its own ooze.
He’d promised Sherlock that he’d ‘take care of it,’ and over drinks in a quiet corner, Lestrade had been as good a friend to Mycroft Holmes as he knew how to be. Mycroft seemed to warm to his effort, confiding quite a bit of the Holmes family tragedy. Lestrade had hoped that they’d met again, but the weeks had passed.
But as he near the cottage, he frowned. Through the windows, he saw no sign of Holmes in the sitting room.
The case came and went, so did a pair of experiments. Finally, there was a quiet night of reading and tea.
“Oh!” She closed her eyes and smiled and hummed. “Like honey dripping. Let’s keep it going. Switch before it fades.”
Lestrade got the clamps and put them on Mycroft’s nipples under the lace. He stood back, admiring the picture. “Daddy might take a photo of your pretty titties later so you can see how lovely they are.”  From the neck down, naturally, but sometimes Mycroft appreciated the souvenir.
Lestrade squatted and began to rub Mycroft’s nipples through the lace with his thumbs. Then he pinched. He got to his knees and followed with his mouth, licking then biting. Mycroft’s chest heaved and his skin broke out in blushes, gooseflesh, then sweat.
John rolled closer, kissed Sherlock’s lips, warmly, wetly, then pulled away and watched her own hand smooth Sherlock’s dark hair.
“So ready, John. See? I need it. I’ll do anything, anything at all, to have that precious star fucking me.”
,” Holmes spat the last word with abject derision, “covering your tracks like the rest of the gutter lot.”
John blinked. “Okay,” he answered, drawing the word out. He frowned. “That’s too bad,” he added weakly.
Marie’s pack was the weightier, but Marie did not resent this. Martha had taken upon herself the burden of course-charter and decision-maker. Marie understood the gravity of their quest, but she also revealed in the freedom of trousers and the indefatigable boots which Martha had selected and which, at the time of purchase, Martha had thought outrageously expensive.
Summary: As Watson spends such money as he has considerably more freely than he ought, he meets a grey-eyed fortune teller.
Gentleness teased her breasts and her belly and her pussy and the back of her knees. Tenderness suckled her clit and kneaded her thighs and buttocks.
am I fit?” I looked down at my body, and not for the first time, cursed its weakened state. I sank, then found myself perched atop the stool, which in terms of weight-bearing integrity inspired all the confidence of a rotten tree trunk, which it might have been.
“Aftercare’s the best part of winning,” she said. She kissed Stella’s lips as her fingers traced her folds. “It’s the only time you beg.”
The tip of the knife pierced the skin of Jim’s abdomen. Seb counted one, two, three seconds, and a crimson rivulet began flowing southward.
“That’s right, gorgeous. Fuck, that’s good.” John was balanced precariously on hands and knees as Sherlock thrust. “Christ, you’re hard, aren’t you?”
“You didn’t really think you were speaking to a green fairy, did you, Doctor? That the creature etched into the side of your glass of spirits had suddenly come to life?”
“Oh, all the saints and martyrs, your depravity is near limitless! But there is always room for redemption. You shall do your penance here, inside the darkness of coarse wool. Oh, fingers, too, hmm, wicked…”
Sherlock twists abruptly. He drops his chin and purses his lips in a playful pout; then gazing up through dark, feathery eyelashes, asks sweetly,
“Okay, if it please the court, one,” I said, counting on my fingers. “The time that you walked in your sleep. You were wearing the dark blue silk dressing gown with matching pajamas. You’d reached Regent’s Parks before I caught you.”
“I estimated based on your human cock size and your stature as a wolf. I’m ready, John. Even the knot.”
Sherlock chuckled. “More, John,” she urged before she bit the ridge of John’s shoulder. Four fingers curled inside Sherlock’s cunt. John’s rutting sped up.
“What is the meaning of this?” said Mycroft into the intercom. He adjusted his trousers and lowered the partition.
Trevor folded Holmes into an embrace as strong and warm as late August sun, and they stayed like that for a very long time.
“Some people have reported great health benefits from it, John. Increased vitality, etcetera, etcetera, but apart from that, we have to do everything that the Saundersons did so that we can get to the bottom—”
“None at all. It must be a madman. I dearly hope you or the police find him and bring him to justice.”
“Interesting. You need not to be bored. Funny enough, that’s what I need, too. Oh, we’re going to pals! Love the Dolce & Gabbana, by the way! Guess what? I changed my mind. That’s my one flaw. I’m so changeable!”
“Yes, that’s exactly how he’d look at me if he knew.” He sighed. “I knew he’d be out tonight. John doesn’t realise it, but his libido is like clockwork. Full moon, he always goes in search of somewhere to rest his head.” Sherlock shrugged. “We’re all creatures of habit, I suppose.”
Mycroft cast his eyes downward. His voice fell to a whisper. “Matilda.” He glanced toward the street. “Please, Detective Inspector, my car has arrived.”
“Please don’t stifle yourself on my account.” I sank my teeth gently into his skin. “It’s incredibly arousing.”
“Something was most certainly in the air in Paris during the spring of that year.” He tapped the plaque. “I was not myself.”
Irene stepped off the stool and pointed to Molly. “Eat her out,” she ordered, “while I go get the paddle.”
Lestrade made love to him, slowly and gently, and when they were lying together, sweaty and sated, Mycroft whispered,
“And I feel so bad for the poor doctor. He didn’t do anything, but he was caught in the same snare.”
Initially, Mrs. Hudson did not know what had spurred the gentlemen upstairs to announce they were taking possession of her kitchen that Sunday. She hadn’t dared to ask. She’d supposed it had been a bet, but who’d won and who’d lost, she couldn’t have said. As it was, Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson were of equal temper about the meal they were planning to prepare.
“Hobgoblins of little minds, Seb? Do you have to blow up every old lady I see? That would put a crimp in the ol’ schedule, wouldn’t it? And that was Sherlock. What now?”
Lestrade’s eyebrows rose, and he pressed his lips together and stared pointedly at Mycroft’s towel which was beginning to tent.
As the ladies entered the kitchen, there was a slight flutter of the long cloth covering the kitchen table, its skirt reaching to the floor.
“You wanted a toast.” John was now propped against the kitchen counter. “And what my delicious Omega wants, he gets. Cheers.”
Content Notes: Two poems in a prose setting (abecedarian poem + 221b verselet); Holmes/Watson; pre-retirementlock
There was a slight defiance in my voice, as well as the pride, and I prepared myself to defend Holmes, to counter any jest or any derision at his skill in a so-called womanly art or his choice of gift for me.
The tentacles withdrew like tape measures into Sherlock’s body, then Sherlock stepped in front of John.
“Listen, my dear man, but give no outward sign that I’m speaking. I would not even have our driver know what I’m to say, which is this: I shall follow you as soon as I am able but not as myself. I shall take up a role and be in the vicinity somewhere.”
“His last from her,” added Watson, removing his hat and wiping his brow. “She gave the game away with the postmark. She had been playing with the brothers, sending them adoring missives supposedly from ports around the world when all the while she’d been a few miles away, married to another.”
Kate’s boots crunch in the snow. Her torch is bright, but not as bright as the broad ribbon of light above, a celestial path leading to the cabin. There is no earthly path except the one behind her; the drifts are smooth and even.
Stanley Hopkins is in charge of the Scotland Yard Hallowe'en fancy dress orgy. Sherlock/Stanley. Greg/John. No smut. Rated: Gen.
“—teach you the pleasures of the unholy amalgamation that is cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves and allspice.”
Or one drink too many, the kind that only make their strength know when John tries to stand up. And falls.
“She gets too hungry for dinner at 8!” crooned Jim as he sat up and quickly extracted himself from the drawer.
“None of that,” cautioned Holmes like a seasoned nanny when Wolf made for me. He stepped between us and gave Wolf a solid rap with his stick.
Or sea star when Sherlock was feeling unusually romantic, say, after a night of near-continuous fucking.
For the DW H/C comment fest on sholio's journal. The prompt was hot chocolate with whipped cream and sprinkles.
Pinned by her gaze, I suddenly understood why ancient kings has their cats entombed alongside themselves. Who’d want to navigate this life—or the next—without them?
“’Just don’t.’ In my own home! I’m the smart one! I know science! I know chemistry. ‘Remember what happened to Alice!’ How absurd! It does not look dangerous. Quite the contrary. Careful. Hmm. Doesn’t smell dangerous. In fact, it smells like…delicious, delicious cake.”
Molly whimpered. A slow, gentle licking commenced. Indirect, teasing the edges, circling ‘round and ‘round, with no haste, no urgency, no hunger.
And then, of course, it smells nice. My senses are too crude to pick out the various notes, nevertheless, they find harmony. They soothe and invigorate.
“Or,” Holmes took a deep breath, “he may mean my harbouring of sentiments of a softer nature for someone who does not return them.”
Seb ignored him for the duration of a breath, long enough for Jim to go from impatient to comprehending to reciprocating.
“And you would’ve come bursting in a like the proverbial bull in the china shop, something I avidly wanted to avoid. I did what I set out to do. Father Brown was right:  no one notices a waiter.”
“Corpses are not cadavers, Mister Holmes,” said Sir Adrian Freke. “I’m certain you, and Doctor Watson, understand the distinction. The police have already questioned me about the disturbance of Lady Lilac Merridew’s grave. I swore to them that neither my students nor my colleagues were paying thieves, directly or indirectly, to provide them with dissecting specimens. Burke and Hare will haunt the study of medicine in England forever, it seems, but resurrection men are very much a thing of the past, for the simple fact that we’ve no need of them.”
They were kissing now, rough and hard, Lestrade holding Mycroft’s head while Mycroft buried his fingers in Lestrade’s hair. When the kiss broke, all Mycroft could think to do was lick his lips, all he could think to say was,
Sherlock fell to his knees, helping John strip Molly from the waist down. Then he stood and John took hold of Molly’s calves.
He untucked his shirt from his trousers and unbuttoned it. He unfastened his belt, then opened his trousers and ran a flat hand inside.
“Of course, yours.” The final ‘idiot’ went unspoken. “Let me show you.” Sherlock reached up and hooked his fingers in the waistband of John’s clothing and yanked them down in one strong, deft jerk.
“More dancing,” said Irene as Kate adjusted the skirt of Molly’s gown, which was slit in several places. “Then the devil worshippers will taste the virgin.”
I took one of Holmes’s hands in both of mine and rubbed the muscles of his fingers, thumbs, palm, and wrist, applying quick, firm overlapping strokes of my thumbs.
“No doubt. My skepticism isn’t of the validity of that claim but rather at your ability to maintain your resolve.”
The kiss starts off soft and gentle, but it doesn’t stay that way. The pressure grows, and there’s tongue, clever, clever tongue, that makes John’s sleeping prick twitch awake.
Bessie could not speak. She looked from Doctor Watson to Mister Holmes to the other Mister Holmes to the two Scotland Yard inspectors to Mrs. Hudson. Then she sank slowly onto the chair.
Lestrade let the sides of the robe fall apart. He watched Mycroft’s expression melt as his eyes moved up and down, ogling the body and thick cock that jutted out of wiry hair. He took a raspberry between his lips, then kissed Mycroft, then whispered, “Fuck me.”
Sherlock huffed. “The violin, lab stuff, old books, bit of art.” Then he sighed. “Elsewhere. But I’m clean now. I don’t even smoke.”
Gold & Delicious is simple syrup, lemon juice, apricot liqueur, cognac, allspice dram, and applejack.
You scowled. “Have you considered that someone may have tampered with my heat powders purposefully to distract you from this case?”
Sherlock’s reply was to spread his knees even wider, arch his back even rounder, and lift his arse even higher.
A toasted smore martini is about what you'd expect. Marshmallow vodka, chocolate liqueur, and crushed graham cracker garnishing.
Sussex/retirement 'verse, genderfluid Holmes, for the Genderqueering Holmes May prompt: may day. Fluff.
“I am going to write in my Feelings Journal. I’m going to write every single one of my feelings. Do you think Mrs. Hudson will let us practise this on the roof?”
Seb knew it was ‘right there’ because he felt the trembling. “You’re going to be the naughtiest Girl Scout in the land, boss,” he groaned just before he spent himself.
Jim got to his feet and turned on the telly. He clicked through a few channels than stopped and pointed with the remote,
“I’ve a car waiting downstairs if you’d like to relocate the, uh, thawing to more private quarters.”
“Then this,” said Lestrade plucking the long pink curl of satin from where it lay strewn on the table, “is mine for the rest of the day.”
Molly thought it an odd gesture unless you were a character in a period drama who’d just got a chill or distressing news from the front. It wasn’t until she was headed downstairs herself that she realised.
The instant my toes touched the cold floorboards, things changed. The moment I was upright and surveying the room, hands on hips, I felt differently.
“It is difficult, no? Being the smart one. And such professional dedication! Never an hour’s rest. Except here. No one can touch you here. No one but me, that is. This is my parlour. My web. I am the Spider.”
Then, Molly in her Christmas jumper and woolly socks, spreading her legs in the window seat, flashing those red knickers. Her eyes were closed. She was touching herself, making herself wet. He watched the red centre of knickers grow darker with every passing moment.
So overwhelmed was I by the sight of him, clad in naught but a towel, with water dripping very Wastsonly all over his Watson, that I could only speak truth.
Lestrade didn’t attempt to make conversation, he simply watched. And step by step, his shoulders relaxed and the throbbing in his temples eased.
“Very clever way to traffic them throughout the country. And no one ever wins those games. Well, almost no one.”
“If you’d asked thirty seconds after we met, the answer would’ve been a whimpered ‘yes, please.’ Does there happen to be any more tea, Gregory?”
“Come here, come here,” chanted Janine, though Mary’s nude body was already plastered to hers and encaged protectively, possessively by Janine’s limbs. “Come inside. I want you inside me the way we’re inside this cave, warm and dry and safe and full.”
John was purposefully effusive with his language and purposefully deep and abiding with his massage, not just because he wanted Sherlock to know how loved and cherished he was, but also for a more practical reason: he wanted Sherlock wrapped in a blissful cocoon while he went to make tea.
Should he tell him? He looked at John, sitting at the table and munching on his toast. Now was probably as good a time as any; and there wasn’t much of a way to be subtle upon the subject, so he might as well just say it now.
“Then we won’t have lost more than a night”, Sherlock replied. “We can think of a different theory in the morning.”
all international security services at the same time. Clearing Sherlock’s name is much harder than it seems,” he said.
Truth be told, John wasn't as comfortable with this case as he was trying to make Sherlock believe. He had had no contact with the wizarding world in over a decade, and he had no intention of going back. It brought back too many painful memories.
He meant it. He’d known John for almost two years now. And he had noticed that John was different from most people, but… he’d thought it was just one of his quirks. He had not suspected for one second that John could be hiding something as big as this from him. He was his best friend. Sherlock had thought John trusted him.
John sighed. "We have to obliviate her after we're done here”, he explained. “I told you, there's a Statute of Secrecy."
been closed, so the question was: why? Perhaps the judge had been bribed into it. After all, it wouldn’t be the first time the justice system was corrupted.
Immediately, the tips of their wands illuminated, and the place came into view. Scattered all around were cages of all sorts and sizes, each containing magical creatures, most of which looked like they had gone days without eating. Sherlock ignored the names of most of them, but there were some, such as unicorns and dragons, which he vaguely recognised from folklore.
Mycroft blinked in confusion. Surely he must have imagined something? It must be due to the sleep deprivation. There must be something in his coffee, he must be mistaken.
They were standing outside Helen’s door. Sherlock had suggested that they knock, but John had responded, far too calmly, that if he didn’t remove the protective charms first, they’d disintegrate as soon as they crossed the door.
Sherlock chuckled. “No, I don’t think so. It doesn’t seem like a good enough reason.” He was quiet for a few seconds. “John... you do know I wasn’t a fraud, don’t you?” he’d moved closer, John could tell. Sherlock must be facing him.
“I’m so sorry he did that”, Helen apologised, upon hearing her stepfather had paid John and Sherlock a visit. “I should’ve told you. He’s a bit… impulsive”, she said, opening her door and showing them in.
Nothing happened. Sherlock grunted, refusing to be defeated by his non-corporeality. He had to keep working on it. The whole night long he spent attempting to make it move, but nothing came out of his efforts. The more he tried, the more frustrated he grew; hence, the less he could focus on it.
Around three in the morning, after centuries staring at the ceiling, John got up from his bed and reached for his cane. Under any other circumstances, Sherlock would’ve simply assumed John was having nightmares and needed a stroll around London to clear his mind. But tonight, he was worried sick.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how, but he was now at Baker Street. A few days had passed, he assumed, since things looked slightly different than they were the moment he’d last left his flat.
“Now, if you two don’t mind”, Loptson said, rubbing his hands somewhat excitedly, “we’ve got a beast to catch.”
Sherlock sighed, clearly frustrated by having to explain. "You said you lot can tell family, can't you?" he asked. "Roylott was her stepfather. Helen might
“Moriarty wanted Sherlock to commit suicide. That way, he’d have the perfect ending to his story. We’d anticipated this. Sherlock would jump off the roof and land on an airbag. You couldn’t see it, neither could the snipers.”
“I’ve made an appointment with Ella,” John was saying as he opened the door to the flat and put down the Tesco bags. Sherlock was about to ask who that was when he was interrupted.
“On top of that”, Sherlock continued, “he made sure Scotland Yard wouldn’t get too deep into this case. At first I thought he had bribed some officers”, he explained, “but now I wonder if he put some spell on them. John? Any ideas?”
And still, he could’ve tried to find a thousand explanations for it. He could’ve blamed it on drugs, or fear… but there was one thing which he could not account for:
Ten minutes allowed a lot of thinking, Sherlock decided. Especially now that the immediate danger had passed.
“John?” Sherlock called. “What is it? What’s going on?” he inquired, looking at John with confused eyes.
“Sherlock had worked out several possible outcomes to his encounter with Moriarty,” Mycroft explained. “Each of them had its own protocol, all of which were given a specific code name. After a while, Sherlock texted me, and we rushed into action.
John could hardly sleep. He lay awake most of the night, biting back the tears, not knowing why they even wanted to come out. His emotions were all tangled. His grief mixed with confusion, anger burned his stomach; the ghost of Sherlock’s voice this afternoon unsure which path to follow. Was he glad to be able to hear him? Was he mad at him? What was he even supposed to feel?
Suddenly, Sherlock took in the bottles of scotch hidden underneath John’s jacket. Stupid, stupid, stupid! The worry had made him ignore obvious, vital details. What was happening to him?
They were momentarily blinded by the brightness of John’s Patronus. It came out of his wand with ease - unlike Dementors, Lethifolds didn’t make it hard to cast the Patronus Charm - and it was shaped like a hedgehog. Despite its small size, it was effective: the Lethifold slid back underneath the window, fleeing.
“No, you’re not,” replied the doctor, his voice breaking. “You’re dead. This is just my... mind, messing with me.”
His words were honest. He had tried to suppress his feelings for Sherlock for so long, thinking they were unrequited. He had spent so many nights dreaming of holding Sherlock, kissing him, sharing every bit of his soul with him. And now here they were, finally together, like they deserved to be.
Sherlock heard the front door click open. Those must be John and Mrs. Hudson. “Well,” said she, her voice rather small. She’d been crying. “You’re always welcome to come downstairs... for a cuppa, if you want...”
“I’m sorry”, John said, trying to keep his voice from trembling. “I promise, Sherlock, I’ll explain everything, but I need you to trust me on this.”
When Mycroft didn’t seem to hear his brother, John once again wondered if he was actually hallucinating. That could totally be the case. He’d only heard Sherlock. He couldn’t see him, and there was no way in which he was affecting reality, and now he went unnoticed by Mycroft. How could he have been so gullible? Sherlock was dead. He was never coming back.
John sighed. “First, we’ve got to make sure Helen will be safe.” He stood up and walked to the door, only to find it locked. Just like it had been when Julia died.
Lestrade still had many questions, Sherlock noticed. The former had grabbed the pen again and was fidgeting with it, dubious about what to say next. Sherlock wouldn’t mind answering all of those questions, but Mycroft was about to leave and he didn’t want to do it in front of John.
Helen nodded, taking a sip. “Thank you”, she managed. She stayed silent for a few minutes, still trying to absorb the information. “What I don’t understand is”, she said after a while, “why would he want to kill her?”
Catherine turned her face towards John, remembering all the stories she’d heard about him. It wasn’t always him who told them to her; he’d always been so reserved. He had told her about the war, though; how he’d been shot and sent home, and how he’d never forget all the friends he’d lost in battle.
John mouthed, holding Sherlock by the shoulders. The latter gulped, still confused, but nodded nonetheless.
And then he realised: these creatures must all be illegal – or quite hard to get one's hands on, at least. They were trapped in cages in a magically-concealed cabinet, so that they couldn't escape or be found. That could be no coincidence.
But then, those last two words clicked in, reminding him of all he’d done just a few hours prior. The curve on his lips dissipated as a sudden realisation hit him.
“Yeah, well, I got outstanding N.E.W.T.s in Defence Against the Dark Arts”, John said, shrugging. “But we’d better just let the Ministry handle it.”
There were a lot of things Sherlock still didn't understand; so having figured out something along this mess was good – better than good. He smiled back at John.“What do we do now?”
Sherlock was trying his best too, but nothing he did would ease John’s depression. In fact, John kept trying to ignore him. He’d pretend Sherlock wasn’t there. And it
, as he’d often put it, so it was to be expected that he’d send someone else. And thankfully, Lestrade was just the man he needed.
there was something. So, being over-analytical as he was, Mycroft knew he wouldn’t rest until he found out what was going on.
He sighed. There was no avoiding this. Opening his eyes, he turned around, hands held up to show he meant no harm.
“Alohomora”, John said. The door opened. He put a finger to his lips, signalling for Sherlock to keep silent, and whispered, “Intrusus Revelio.”
There are some things the subconscious mind sees, but the conscious one doesn’t. This was something Mycroft knew very well, and he always stuck to this principle when trying to unravel a mystery. He must stay alert.
To John’s annoyance, Sherlock didn’t seem to bother hiding his opinion. “See you still love telling lies, big brother,” he said. “What’s next? Saying you’ve lost three pounds?”
, more than Sherlock would have liked to admit. Because on one hand, it was a constant reminder of his death, of the fact that he didn’t belong to the world of the living anymore; and on the other hand, he felt
“So, is it some sort of a new project?” John asked a few minutes later, setting down his tea and toast on the kitchen table.
“He had to, to convince the snipers. In all likelihood, the conversation was being monitored. He couldn’t tell you,” Mycroft sighed. “I think he would have wanted you to know. He never intended to go on with the lie once you were safe.”
John sighed, pressing to fingers to his temple. “He says not to worry; he won’t haunt your house. He says haunting the flat is ‘more fun’.”
“Well, it’s like that. Except I’m conscious when it happens now, and it’s not exactly nice; so I just walk after you to avoid it.” He explained.
Inside, it was warm. Ella showed John to an armchair by the window, then took a seat in front of him. But for minutes, neither of them spoke a word. They just stared at each other, the storm softly banging against the glass.
John had to admit, if this was indeed his imagination, it was doing a bloody good job. Everything Sherlock had said made sense. It sounded just like him. It wasn’t just his timbre – it was the way of expressing himself, the details of his plan, the fact that he’d known this might happen...
Sherlock wasn’t as easily fooled as Lestrade. “With that level of insomnia? You won’t,” he said. “Why are you lying?”
Mycroft had smirked. "I occupy a minor position in the British government. It was easy enough to access all of your legal documentation."
John had lied to him. All the time they'd known each other, John had lied about who he was, about his past. He hadn't confided in Sherlock enough to tell him that he could do magic, but now he asked Sherlock to trust
Sherlock extended his hand. “My name is Sherlock Holmes; I’m Dr Watson’s partner”, he announced smugly.
It was going to be a long, arduous conversation, so John made tea as Mycroft took a seat on Sherlock’s armchair. “But that’s
Still, when the skull levitated towards the sofa, the last piece of the puzzle finally settled in place.
Sherlock bit his lip. “I can’t deny I’m surprised you didn’t trust me with your secret”, he admitted.
John's expression turned sombre for a second, but he quickly managed to hide it. He pointed his wand at Sherlock (or, technically, poked him with it, since they were standing so close to each other) and said, “Protego totalum.”
Under the debris, a Ravenclaw struggles to breathe. She’s young – no older than thirteen, perhaps – and it’s a miracle John even hears her call for help. He moves the fallen bricks aside, holds her as though it’s his own life that hangs by a thread. He performs Episkey on her, tries to keep her alive as he hurries to the hospital wing.
John smiled. “I'll buy you books about magic, I promise. It's too much to explain in just one night”, he said. “By the way, d'you know where my wand went?”
"There", he said to Sherlock. "We're good to go." He gestured for Sherlock to follow, and began to climb down the ladder.
and said that.” He was lying. He did know (or so he thought), but Mycroft couldn’t know that, because where would he have found out? Only Sherlock could’ve told him, and that was the point, actually: he couldn’t admit it to himself. He couldn’t face the fact that Sherlock’s ghost was
John opened the door and peeked in. Inside the cabinet was a long ladder, which led to some sort of underground office. He couldn’t see much farther, but the place seemed to be huge. It was clear Roylott had used an Extension Charm.
Still feeling dizzy, Sherlock decided he’d better stay close to his friend. It was merely a hypothesis at that moment, but he guessed him teleporting must have something to do with being away from John. Once the dizziness passed, he’d allow himself to figure it out. As for now, he’d walk alongside his friend in absolute silence – after all, John needed time alone to think.
But because of that, there was nothing Sherlock could do to keep himself entertained. No John, no drugs, no violin, no experiments... and he never thought he’d say this, but he missed
Although John tried his best not to let any of his worries show on his face, Mycroft was far too observant to be fooled. Something was amiss. Still, he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Was it anger? No, John usually smiled when he was angry. Sadness seemed unlikely. If Mycroft didn’t know better, he would’ve said his expression held guilt; yet even that option didn’t fit the puzzle.
And then there was the bottle. That had cleared him of all doubts. It had flown away, like magic! It couldn’t have been John who’d done that, could it?
Quietly, he ran a hand through his hair, careful to be gentle when he woke him. A curve made its way up Sherlock’s lips, fond and trembling. He wished it didn’t have to be now, but he knew it was time.
“It’s fine,” he half-lied. He guessed he understood why Sherlock had kept his distance, but he’d still hoped events had played differently.
When the sun arose, John decided it was pointless to keep staring at the ceiling. Reluctantly, he put a dress robe on and headed downstairs to the kitchen, pointlessly trying to ignore the pain in his leg. Rays of sunlight shyly made their way through the closed curtains, greeting him into a day he did not want to start. He’d just put the kettle on when he felt a presence behind him.
“The cabinet, it's got a Muggle-repelling charm”, John explained, far too calm for Sherlock’s liking. “It made you
“Oh, no, you won’t”, Sherlock said between gritted teeth. He began to pull the mop slowly, trying to bring the creature closer without scaring it away. He was almost there, he could almost grab it, and…
John smiled at Helen, apologetic. “If you, er, need anything, just let us know.” And with that, he too walked away.
, John would be alright. Sure, John was alive; the whole point of jumping was to keep him safe. But he wasn’t fine. He was a mess, even when he tried to pretend otherwise. At the end of the day, they both knew Sherlock wasn’t easily fooled.
“Indeed”, Sherlock confirmed. “He wasn’t counting on that. But that’s not all”, he commented. “He didn’t just want no witnesses; he also left no evidence. The Lethifold ate Julia quickly, leaving no trace of her or of its presence. And since Julia wasn’t a witch, the case would be handled by Muggle authorities, who couldn’t have possibly considered magic as a possibility.”
John supposed, in the end, he hadn’t had a choice. The only known way to repel a Lethifold was through the Patronus Charm. No other spell, nor Muggle weapon of any kind, would've had any effect on the beast.
The nurse (Anna, if Sherlock got her name right) gently put her hand on her shoulder. “What matters is you’re here with him. It’s good for him to have company.”
“Simple”, said Sherlock. “Your stepfather was abusive and controlling. He managed to stay married to your mother for quite a long time; even though she had long fallen out of love with him. He liked being in control - making her scared of leaving him, cutting her off from others.
He somehow wanted to be angry at Sherlock for not having said anything, or at himself, for not having realised sooner. And yet, in this moment, how could he feel anything but joy?
After what had happened at the cemetery, it had been decided not to leave John out of sight for more than fifteen minutes. Mycroft, Greg, and even Mike had been coming round to keep him company. John preferred the latter two, but he hated not being able to talk to Sherlock in their presence, so it was good that Mycroft came as well.
He was still trying to process everything that had just happened. There was so much he didn’t understand. And Sherlock loathed not understanding things.
John couldn’t believe it. What in the name of Merlin had Sherlock been thinking? If the Lethifold had attacked him, he would’ve had no way to defend himself. He could have
John grunted, trying to stop himself from telling Greg where he could shove that so-called happiness.
He hadn’t stood there long, waiting, when a small animal climbed up from inside the cabinet. It had black hair and what looked like a duck bill. Sherlock wondered, for a brief instant, whether it was a platypus; but he soon disregarded the idea. Platypi had longer, flatter bills, and slightly fairer hair. This creature, on the other hand, was furrier, and its hair was much darker and its bill less flat than a platypus’s.
“What about this flat, then?” Sherlock asked. “Wasn’t it hard for Julia, living upstairs from your mother’s practice?”
Lestrade was staying the night. He cooked a decent meal, and he refused to go to bed until John finished his plate. He was kind enough to serve a small portion, though. With how little John had been eating lately, it wouldn’t have been wise to over-feed him.
John hadn’t stopped drinking throughout his speech, and he’d already had more than half of the bottle. Sherlock hoped that he’d either lose his grip on the others soon, or that Lestrade would get here fast.
They were both silent for a while. There wasn’t much they could do, really, and John supposed they would just have to wait.
And even though he wanted to thank Mycroft for telling him all of this, how could he? His words were failing him and his entire body was shaking, his voice numb. Struggling, he managed to speak. “Why did he phone me?”
“Actually,” said Sherlock, unable to stop himself, “I think you might want to reconsider your conclusions.”
Even though Sherlock refused to admit what John had done, there was only one way to describe it: magic. John had done
“Yes,” Mycroft said, his eyes lost in the flames. “The rest of the plan was followed regardless. We couldn’t risk the snipers seeing the airbag and thinking we were after them. Such an error would’ve put your own life in danger, so we moved it out of the way and... let you see Sherlock’s body.”
Ah, the bravery of the soldier it was now. Pretending he was coping well, trying to show logical reasoning to hide the heartbreak. John had always been one to think with his heart, no matter how much sense he’d always managed to talk into Sherlock; and yet he’d constantly try to prevent his emotions from escaping into the outside world (in all futility, if you asked the Holmeses).
It was only around five that something caught his attention: a car engine. Not his brother’s, this one was a few years older, manual-driven.
“Exactly!” Sherlock exclaimed. “So it’s been covered up. Besides, Helen’s stepfather is hiding something. That’s why he threatened us”, he explained.
Sherlock looked around. “There”, he said. “Next to that cabinet.” He walked towards it and bent down to pick up John's wand.
“Indeed”, said Sherlock. “He was the one who killed Julia. Upon realising this, we went after him, but he attacked us, and in defending ourselves, we had to kill him.”
He’d also told her about Sherlock. Sherlock, who’d brought a purpose to John’s life after the war. Sherlock, with whom he would run around London, chasing down murderers and solving crimes. Sherlock, blessed Sherlock, whose death had nearly destroyed John.
Then there was Helen’s stepfather. Although it didn’t fit with Helen’s claims about the cape, Sherlock could still tell the man knew something about the circumstances of Julia’s disappearance. And not only did he know, but he had threatened Sherlock, who he knew was a detective. He was definitely trying to keep the truth from surfacing.
“You’re not imagining this, John,” said the detective, as if he could read his thoughts. He was, most likely, actually deducing them. “I’m here.”
“Yes, but not really, are you?” John deadpanned. “There’s so much you’re going to miss out on, and all because you died to save my life. And you know what?” he asked. “Ella was right. There’s so many things I should’ve said before.
Whatever had come into the bedroom did resemble a cape, like Helen had described. But it hadn’t been one. It was different. It was
While Sherlock didn't know the word's exact definition, he deduced it must have meant non-wizard folk – after all, the spell had only affected
“I apologise for not announcing my visit. I’ve barely had any time, and I’m doing my best to handle the press
John raised an eyebrow. "I'm sorry, talk to her?” he repeated, bewildered. “Sherlock, she's a Muggle, we can't tell her anything about this!"
Sherlock supposed magic must have had its logic. But how to unravel it? He was lacking so much information. How did it work? Where did it come from? Could it be learnt? Could he, too, perform magic if it was taught to him?
Nothing happened. Roylott wasn’t there. Peeking out the door, John was glad to see Helen still asleep on the sofa. This was good. They could keep her in the flat; she wouldn’t know a thing. She would be safe.
John looked at him, confused. “You think Roylott’s a wizard?” he asked. “He can’t be, I would’ve met him before. Wizarding communities are very small”, he said, frowning. He sat down on the bed, head in his hands. “No! Wait!” he exclaimed suddenly, looking up. “He’s American. If he moved here after I left the wizarding world... He
“Someone must’ve brought it here”, Sherlock reasoned. Suddenly, he gasped, saying, “Roylott. He’s in on it, remember? He was hiding something."
dead, yes. But I’m here. I’m standing by the window, can you tell?” He asked. “I don’t know if the distance is noticeable, as I’m not actually using air to produce sound. You might want to make yourself another cup of tea, by the way. I’d do it for you, but... you know... I can’t exactly touch anything. I suppose I haven’t gone through the floor because gravity doesn’t apply to non-corporeal beings, but I’m still trying to figure out how being a spirit works, so I can’t be sure yet.”
had his suspicions about whether John loved him back, it was also true that he could've got it wrong. But what else could he do? He didn't want John to hide himself from him anymore.
“I’m fine”, John assured. “I’m fine, Sherlock, really!” he repeated when Sherlock kept checking him. “He just disarmed me. I’m okay.”
Though Mycroft didn’t tell them, Sherlock knew he’d be slipping money into John’s bank account until he could start work again.
Sherlock resisted the urge to ask who that was, hinting a small smile instead. “What I mean to say is, it turns out that was actually inaccurate. I can’t do that.”
“Look, I know Sherlock’s death’s been hard for you. It has been for all of us. But I can’t lose another friend,” he confessed, honest and sore. “There’s not one day that passes that I don’t regret not having been there for Sherlock. I was an absent friend. But I won’t be absent for you,” he promised.
Sherlock ignored all of John’s warnings to stay behind. He couldn’t risk it. John was in danger. If something happened to him…
Back in the living room, Sherlock had been paying attention to Mycroft and John’s conversation, but after last week, he’d promised himself he would never get slow on any deductions again. So when, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Lestrade noting something down in the kitchen and discreetly looking around, he knew exactly what he was trying to do.
It wasn’t very big. There was a dental practice just below it, on the ground floor. Upon entering the flat, they were in the living room. To the left side of it stood a small table, and against the wall opposite it was a sofa.  A short hallway opened beside the table, leading to the bedroom, as well as to a bathroom to its left.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, still lost in thought, as he sat down on his armchair. There must be something he was missing. If John could hear him, that meant he could affect the physical world in some way or another. And if so, then there must be a way for him to touch things, right? He was energy now, and that never disappears, it just transforms. He must be able to canalise that energy. He just knew it.
He walked towards him, thankful that his invisibility allowed him not to distract John. Smirking, he took the pen.
“It was”, Sherlock replied. “Mr Roylott was a smuggler; he traded illegal magical creatures. The cape you saw was one of them. It’s called a… Lethifold, was it, John?”
He could read people’s entire lives just by looking at them. Whether they were married, what kind of job they had, whether they liked it, where they had been the night before… It was all displayed in front of him like a painting at a museum.
A few minutes later, Mycroft got up from his seat, taking his umbrella in one hand. “Well,” he said, “I shall be leaving.”
He was suddenly glad he had put an extensive charm on his pocket, for now he could reach into it and grab his wand. He realised Sherlock would see, but right now, he didn’t care. He had to protect him. John stepped in front of Sherlock, shielding him, and shouted:
John looked up at Greg, who offered him his hand and helped him up. “I’m sorry,” he sobbed. The tears started to make their way down his face, and Lestrade embraced him, scared that he might break him if he held him too tight.
“Muggle”, said John. “It means non-wizard people. Wizarding communities aren’t really involved with Muggles”, he explained. “We have our own government, schools, police force…”
Sherlock paused. “When I recovered consciousness, I was confused at first. I didn’t understand why I was standing by St. Bart’s, and for a split moment I forgot what I’d done. Then I saw you, and everybody else, standing around something on the pavement. I assumed there had been a murder, I wanted to examine it...” He sighed. “But I instantly recognised my own body. I’m not much for feelings, you know. But I can’t begin to tell you how horrifying it was. I panicked... After that, I lost consciousness again. And now here I am.”
meant. The fact that he barely understood wizarding terms did not mean that he wanted to look like an idiot.
to. Magic was a part of John, as much as were the little crinkles by his eyes or his questionable taste in jumpers; and Sherlock wanted to embrace every single detail about him.
Mycroft pursed his lips, clearly frustrated by not understanding something. “Sherlock. He... he’s here, isn’t he?” he asked. “John, is my brother here?”
“They think you lied,” continued John. “But I never did. Not for one second. I asked you to stop being dead,” he said, still drinking, “at your funeral. I thought you might be listening, but it turns out you weren’t. And then I come home, right after that, and you’re there. You were there!” he laughed, the alcohol taking effect. “As if you’d known that I needed you; that I can’t live without you. And it’s so
John wasn’t here. If Sherlock had to be honest, he didn’t even bother to figure out where he might be. He was still trying to get his head around the fact that he was dead. And God, was that hard to take in; mostly because he’d never believed in an afterlife. And now that he did, he realised it wasn’t even interesting. It was merely a non-corporeal existence. He could still see himself, though, as if he did have a body. But he couldn’t do anything. He couldn’t play his violin, nor turn the telly on, nor use his mobile. He couldn’t even grab his nicotine patches. Everything he tried to touch, he went through.
John realised, in retrospect, appareating into the practice could've gone wrong. Very wrong. Sherlock could've splinched himself. And if Roylott used that to his advantage…
Sherlock grunted, burying his face in his hands. He hated having to explain everything. Most people never understood, no matter how many times he repeated himself, and it drove him mad.
Sherlock sighed. “I was so worried”, he said, voice almost trembling. “I didn’t know what he could do to you, I… I was scared, John.”
Perhaps Sherlock didn't understand magic or the seemingly underlying cultural differences between wizards and non-magical people. But he
Of course John didn’t fall for it. Mycroft lived for the drama, even though he pretended otherwise. He could’ve phoned John like a normal human being and asked if he’d be welcome, but both of them knew John would’ve told him to mind his own business and spare the formalities. Naturally, he would’ve used far less kind words.
Sherlock sighed. "Yes, obvious", he rolled his eyes. "Now focus! Miss Stoner, I need you to tell us everything you've omitted so far. Including Mr Roylott's being a wizard."
That’s when it came back to him: how Jim Moriarty had planned to ruin his image, how he told Sherlock that he had to commit suicide to spare his friends’ lives, how he needed to hit the airbag to survive... He’d thought he’d make it out alive, he really had. Or at least, he’d hoped. But then again, he noticed that he could feel no heartbeat; and he thanked God, or whoever was up there, that he wasn’t breathing either, because otherwise he knew he would have been hyperventilating by now.
“How?” Mycroft repeated the question. “Are you... psychic, do you hear him? Has he told you why he’s here?” he asked, struggling to find the right words.
“I’ve got an idea. What if you take a shower,” Greg offered, “and I’ll make us some popcorn? I brought some films for us to watch.”
Suddenly, he felt disoriented. What was he doing here? He was sure he had to be somewhere else. Hadn't Lestrade called earlier? Damn it, yes, he'd phoned and said to drop by the Yard. Something about paperwork… couldn't wait…
They said goodbye, and after she had paid them, John and Sherlock left her flat and climbed down the stairs. Sherlock got to the practice door first. He stood there, waiting for John before pushing it open; and then, out of the blue, John chuckled.
Helen put a hand over her mouth, her eyes wide open in horror. “You mean that… Oh, Julia”, she sobbed, burying her head in her hands.
John was having a bad grief day, as Sherlock called it. He supposed he should have expected it. But he couldn’t bear seeing him like that: absent-minded, silent and, worst of all, crying. He had to help.
A few days had passed, but Sherlock still hadn’t told John about his new discovery – that he was, somehow, apparently anchored to him. He simply followed him around, silently, as he pretended to stay at their flat during John’s absences. They could have this conversation later, when he figured out how to bring the subject properly.
Meanwhile, John was staring at the living room. To be precise, he was longingly looking at his friend’s armchair. He couldn’t believe it. Sherlock was gone. He had killed himself. He had admitted to being a fraud.
. But John should be happy, right? His friend was still here with him, and they could talk and clear things up and have a laugh and forget that this all ever happened, couldn’t they?
“What Ministry?” Sherlock asked. He was almost begging John to be clearer at this point. There was so much he still didn’t understand. And yes, Sherlock knew it was too much to learn in one night – it hadn’t even been an hour since he’d found out about magic, for God’s sakes. But John kept using all these strange terms, like
I'm so sorry it's been so long since the last update. I've had a lot less free time since uni started. Besides, I had to rewrite this chapter from scratch about four different times because I didn't like it, and I didn't want to post anything until I was 100% sure I liked it.
So there had to be a reason. Sherlock was a proud man, he liked showing off. He couldn’t have lied about his genius if it wasn’t for something. And the worst thing was, John would probably never find out what drove him into jumping off the roof.
“You mean you’re going to the police? John, there’s a carnivorous demon in there, for God’s sake! There isn’t time to talk to the police!” he exclaimed.
“Sherlock…” John begged. “Believe me, if I had told anyone, it would've been you. I just…” he paused. “I couldn’t. The wizarding world… it’s bigger and more complex than you can imagine. There’s a statute of secrecy. So many laws and measures… I wasn’t
Lestrade’s eyes opened like saucers. It wasn’t that he wasn’t expecting a response, but it was still a bit shocking to see a pen move by itself – or, actually, being moved by his dead friend.
John turned around and grabbed a cup to serve himself tea. He hesitated before he spoke again. “Never mind. We’ll talk feelings when you’re ready.”
“You needed to think, I didn’t want to interrupt that,” Sherlock replied. “And I’ve tried to give you your own space any way. Like here at the flat, when you go upstairs and I just stay here trying to work out ghostly physics.” He smiled, fondly, though John couldn’t see it.
The corners of John’s lips rose slightly as if to encourage Sherlock. “Well, c’mon”, he said, gesturing towards the cabinet. “Unless you wanna miss the fun”, he smirked.
If Sherlock hadn’t died, they could’ve had a future together. As friends, as more than friends; God only knew. But with him dead, all of it was reduced to a conversation that was barely even there, the reminiscence of what it used to be. Even if he named every little detail – the criminal-chasing, dinner, the Bond-movie marathons – it would never be enough. He missed
John nodded. "Great", he said. "Right. I, er…" he sighed. "We have to take him by surprise. If we don't, he'll escape." He paused, twitching his wand in his hand. He looked back up at Sherlock, somewhat nervously. "Do you trust me?"
Sherlock stared at the animal, open-mouthed, as it casually took his mobile and slipped it into a pouch on its belly.
When John turned around, he bit back the urge to laugh at himself. What, had he actually expected to see his friend?
John was standing right behind him. His jaw was clenched, and his grip on his wand was so tight that it seemed as though it would break any second.
And as the answer ringed in his ears, Mycroft felt his legs shaking; holding onto his umbrella not to fall. Time stood still as his heartbeat sped up, the world spinning beneath him. He closed his eyes and mentally counted to five, trying to regain his composure.
“I’m afraid we’ll have to borrow your bedroom, though”, Sherlock explained. “I want to recreate the circumstances of Julia’s disappearance as accurately as possible. You’re to stay in the living room.”
Suddenly, he felt John’s hand on his shoulder, calling him back to his senses. “You okay?” John asked.
He was angry in a way, but not at Mycroft. Perhaps it was the realisation that Sherlock never wanted to leave him, but had to, without the chance to say a proper goodbye before it was too late. Perhaps it was the fact that he’d tried to stay, but life had ripped him away from him and there was nothing anyone could’ve done to stop that happening.
And there it was, she had a point. A very good point, indeed, which only made John confused, and he hated being confused. He’d exchange confusion for anger anytime. At least anger always had a target and targets were by far easier for a former soldier to understand, even a medical one.
John had a shocked face, lips parted in the shape of an O, eyebrows arched to its limits, and his eyes… well, his eyes were directed to the fireplace, to a very specific yellow paper stabbed on it.
“I’m gonna be the lead for now, so you can observe what I’m doing and incorporate that to yourself. When you’re ready, we’ll switch.”
Sherlock was the first to step away, though, looking embarrassed as he practically ran to his coat, grabbing his things decidedly without saying a word or looking back at John.
“Well, it was. Slightly rude too, but mostly impressive.” John admitted. “The thing is, I don’t reckon we’ve met, so how did you do that?” He was not someone from his past, and around here, one could only get information about John if… Damn, of course! “Mike told you.” John murmured.
The icy sensation of it, combined with the awareness of all the places Sherlock was touching his skin now, made a shiver run through him. He tried to hide it.
Hi, babies, I'm sorry it took me so long to post this chapter. I've been through a lot these past weeks and it was difficult for me to find the time to review everything I had written and finish the chapter. I hope you like the results, let me know in the comments.
It was only when hurricane Moriarty convinced Sherlock to jump from Bart’s that it all changed. Two years without any means of communication between the two friends, and a progressive loss of intimacy after that.
“You’re an artist, John. Your pieces are among the most beautiful I’ve ever heard. I have total confidence in your technique and sensibility. I’m just... afraid that you’re being affected by the world of rules and repetition that is ballet. Most dancers take years to find passion in their moves, I can only imagine how harder it is for you to find something to connect with here. Tell me frankly, are you sure you want to do this?”
“Hey, I don’t hate it.” John worked on his shoes and socks, and placed them at the corner of the room. “I’m just not good with it. But I love watching other people dance.”
He hadn’t the faintest idea of how anyone could’ve stabbed another note in the fireplace, especially now that he felt more than sure Greg wasn’t involved in this, and nobody except Mrs. Hudson could’ve entered the flat that night or morning, and she had no reason to place it there either.
The giggles eventually died out, and the minutes stretched into hours. The clock struck midnight, then one, then two… John was beginning to wonder whether he
John frowned, but he didn’t complain as he turned back to the kitchen. “So... I still don’t believe you, although I’d like to” he said, looking round as he grabbed the kettle. “Why are you here? Unfinished business, like in the movies?”
“It’s...” he sighed. “Remember what happened after St. Bart’s, when I popped up in the flat without actually meaning to?”
With his eyes still fixed on John, something clicked in the back of Sherlock’s mind. The world span beneath him, tumbling down as a realisation hit him. John’s words at his graveside echoed in his ears, suddenly making perfect sense.
When night fell, Catherine went back home to Harry, and Sherlock was finally left alone at John’s bedside. His gaze fell on him, old and fragile; and
Perhaps it would be easier if Sherlock were completely dead, and not speaking to him from the afterlife. Then, he could simply mourn him, with everything that implied, and then it’d all be over with. He quickly shook his head, refusing the thought. Sherlock shouldn’t be dead at all and that was it. This should never have happened. Sherlock should be here,
as he realised what Sherlock meant. Of course, John should've remembered the Muggle-Repelling Charm. He smiled at Sherlock encouragingly. Then, he pointed his wand at the cabinet, and said, "Finite Incantatem."
He needed more information. That could wait, however. He wasn’t here on an enquiry, but to express his condolences... and an apology.
“Yeah?” he scoffed. “What good has my blog ever done? My blog made Sherlock a public figure,” he said, furious. “It made him vulnerable to the media, to enemies. Enemies who used his fame to ruin him, to bring him down bit by bit until people didn’t trust him anymore. And you know what?” he asked, a menacing smile making its way up his lips. “Maybe, if I’d never written that bloody blog, Sherlock would still be alive.”
John gave him a sad smile. “You couldn’t be. People just believe what they want to believe.” He paused. “So why did you... why did you do it?” He asked, his tone weak, as if he were afraid to find out. “Why did you kill yourself? And... why did you lie, about yourself, about everything?”
Sherlock drew his hands to his chin. “Did Julia ever stop asking your mother to leave Roylott?” he inquired.
Sherlock pressed his lips. The beast had come in through the window, and assuming Roylott had been there to let it loose… God, he hoped he could assume that. He didn’t know the limits of magic. Still, the balance of probability was Roylott couldn’t be too far. He had to be close, he…
he thought to himself. He was no expert, but they certainly looked dangerous. Sherlock didn't think a dragon was the kind of animal you could buy at a pet shop.
“Ah,” he said. “Odd, all of it. But then again, I’ve always liked it when impossibilities come true. I find it... fascinating.”
“Thanks, Mrs. Hudson,” said John. “But I think I’ll just go get some rest now. It’s been a long day.”
“Looking for… ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?!” John cried. “I leave you here for ten minutes, TEN MINUTES, and your first instinct is to go searching for a beast that could kill you on the spot! Do you even realise how dangerous that was?!”
He tried to reach the body, but every inch of him was trembling, holding him frozen in place. The shock made its way through him as he used everything he had in him to remember.
The next few weeks weren’t good. The realisation that Sherlock really was dead was hitting John hard. He’d rarely leave his bedroom, save the moments when Mrs. Hudson went upstairs and tried to make him eat. He usually refused to.
There was one thing that kept roaming round his head, and that was Sherlock. It was always Sherlock, though he’d never let him know.
“I don’t even know why I bother to repeat what he says. It’s like you know it already,” replied John, taking a seat. “So you
London greeted them with heavy rain, which was most unfamiliar to Sherlock now. If he extended his hand, he could see the raindrops go right through it. He could feel them if he concentrated, but he tried not to. It wasn’t exactly pleasant.
Sherlock refrained from saying it aloud, though. This was not the moment to argue; they were in the middle of a case. They had to work together. Instead, he tried to deduce as best as he could with the little information he possessed. It was the only thing he could do to overcome the shock.
John cleared his throat. “The cabinet’s bigger on the inside. I think the Lethifold might be in there”, he said.
“No, I do,” John said. “I’m sorry I put you through that. It wasn’t okay. But what’s worse is, I still want to die,” he admitted. “And you’re probably right, when you say it’s no fun being dead and you try to stop me. I can’t help it though. Life seems so worthless without you in it.”
John shot a deadly look in Sherlock’s general direction, begging him to shut up. He wasn’t in the right mood for this kind of one-sided conversation.
John clenched his teeth. He’d have to speak for his friend, but that didn’t mean he wanted to. “He wants to know if you liked it.”
He managed to pick up a psychology book from one of the shelves, and read all of it to try and understand what he could do. He got a better understanding of some things, like, for example, how recovery is never linear; but aside from that, he didn’t find much useful advice.
Besides, he had the feeling that John needed to talk to him in private. This was his chance to get said privacy.
John looked up at this. He should have expected Mycroft to drop by uninvited, but he hadn’t thought it’d be so soon after Sherlock’s death. His confusion must have shown on his face, for Mycroft was quick to explain.
But then again, John wasn’t most people. John would put up with Sherlock when everyone else would call him a nutter. John would be patient with him when he was a bit ‘not good’. And yes, perhaps John couldn’t deduce things at a glance like Sherlock could, but he
“It was the only way. Something was off, and I knew you wouldn’t tell me what it was,” he said. He then gazed around the living room, not quite knowing where to look. “I must say, dear brother, that your
. Without John, he was nothing. He was air, oblivion, a figure of the past to everybody else. He was alone. The only thing, the only
And besides, John didn't feel welcome among wizards. Being muggleborn, he had been terrified during the war. Every day, he would wake, not knowing if he would live to see the sunset; not knowing if Harry and his mum were still alive. And even when the war had ended, John hadn't forgotten: hatred was still present. It was still out there, pumping through the veins of every blood supremacist, even those who hadn't joined the Death Eaters.
John chuckled. “The Lethifold”, he corrected. “I dunno. I'm not qualified to deal with those things.”
be separated. They were the ocean and land, constantly in need of each other’s touch. They were every colour of twilight, night and day becoming one; and Sherlock’s fall was dusk, when the sun died so the moon could come back to life.
“Don’t worry, big brother, I won’t haunt your house. Baker Street is much more fun,” Sherlock said with a hint of excitement.
Two of them were women, one in her late twenties and the other no older than thirty-four. There was also a man around John’s age whose face and neck were full of scars. They were all dressed in identical black cloaks; which, although it was obviously a standard uniform, Sherlock found rather odd. Who in their right mind would wear a
, thought Sherlock, though he knew he had no right to interfere. How could he? It was his fault that John was here in the first place. If his plan hadn’t failed,
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Nothing of importance, really”, he said, walking into the living room. “You’ve kept Julia’s furniture, have you?” he asked Helen.
