The space was a straight-up zen garden. The fences were bamboo, at least ten feet tall in the tallest parts, lashed together with black twine and arranged so the top of the fence formed gentle repeating waves. The ground was covered in several thick inches of gray pea gravel, raked into concentric circles, that crunched deliciously underfoot as they tiptoed down into what was obviously Castiel’s sanctuary.  He had a large black marble vase fountain in the center, burbling water over it’s lip and sides from a source they couldn’t see, several carefully pruned shrubberies, string lights criss-crossing the space that looked like they’d be magical at night; but what stole Dean’s breath was the flowers.
Sam nodded, his face twisted with worry, and he tossed his bag into the passenger seat and got in, shut the door and adjusted the seat for his legs while Castiel climbed into the back with Dean and did up his seatbelt, cradled him in his arms. Dean nestled into Castiel’s chest with a happy sigh, closing his eyes contentedly, and Sam turned around almost completely in the front seat to watch with dismay.
Dean didn’t even notice the fresh tears sliding down his face as he stared up at Castiel, his chest heaving, and he sobbed as he spoke, his voice breaking.
did Dean let his inner shark out to play. He didn’t barely win tonight, he didn’t pretend it was a fluke, he
“Not going to tell HR then?” she remarked, helping Castiel to pick up chips and put them back in the bag, garbage now. “Solid move. They got all evangelical up in there and it is
“RIGHT?” exclaimed Dean. They smiled at each other, a question working its way across Castiel’s face. Dean waited, watching Castiel’s face expectantly.
“Yes, please,” he whispered, and as Castiel’s eyebrow arched in challenge, he added without hesitation, “
"Perhaps you did. I think I overwhelmed your nervous system. Do you feel alright? Do you need sustenance?"
Castiel drove with his his full attention, alert, hands on the wheel at ten and two, occasionally tapping his thumbs on the wheel to some rhythm only he could hear. He drove exactly the speed limit, signaled every time he changed lanes, and started braking earlier than could possibly be necessary for every red light.  It wasn’t how Dean would have pictured him at the task, but now he couldn’t picture it any other way. This car
“Sit anywhere, Cas,” Dean hollered from the bathroom, “Seriously, make yourself at home. I’ll be out in five minutes!”
Castiel’s silence was his only answer, and Dean met his friend’s eyes with a straight face, mentally giving himself about a thousand pats on the back for managing it.
Sam had already turned back to his schoolwork before Dean stopped staring at him, dropping wide eyes to his notebook and flipping to a new page.
When Castiel let out a soft snore Dean gave up on normal, reaching out to grab the edge of the comforter and pull it over both of them like a soft-shell taco, his eyes fluttering shut as he wrapped his arms around Castiel and nestled his chest to his friend’s back, sighing in contentment that no one was there to overhear.
“You really weren't, were you. Well, I’d be dying to know,” Dean muttered, sounding to Castiel’s ears maybe a tiny bit hurt.
Dean nodded eagerly, and Castiel pushed his cock between Dean’s lips again, tilting Dean’s head back at the correct angle and tapping his shoulder just before his gag reflex should hit to distract him with the swallow. Dean’s eyelids fluttered and he whimpered as Castiel fucked into him. He didn’t feel like gagging anymore, now it just felt intensely arousing, his cock aching and leaking, neglected in his unzipped trousers where Castiel had left it. He remembered to tap for air before he got lightheaded, didn’t need the shoulder tap at the gag point this time as he opened his throat for Castiel to fuck him deep, and when Castiel growled, “Ohhh,
Time slowed to a single, perfect moment, as Dean’s eyes fluttered open and Castiel’s eyes slowly closed. A single blink, one deep inhalation, and Castiel dropped his careful guard - swept aside the barricade he had built stone by stone to hold back the dark urges he feared - and
There were dozens of them, elegant, colorful things, with thick basal leaves or long grassy ones, long arching flower stems, their pots varied in color and size but all of them with various holes around the sides of the containers. Dean had never seen anything like it, and he stepped closer to the fence to examine a series of pots hanging from it in a rough zigzag, stems arching down over the sides with a riot of different pinks on each one. He leaned forward to sniff one and smelled nothing, just an earthy loam smell.
“I don’t know,” Castiel moaned, his voice laced with desperation. “Work seems like a patently terrible idea… Oh, how about the work
It was two chicks going to town on each other and Dean just shrugged and left it, completely disinterested in the television or the dubbed moaning, trying to convince himself the sympathetic arousal simmering in his blood was probably from the porn and not at all because he’d spent the last fifteen minutes wondering how Cas was doing in there with that giant dick in his hand.
to remain professional, but the gasp had already escaped and she gave up and took her hand away, grinning at Castiel as he raised an eyebrow at her.
change your mind,” he declared, and Castiel shook his head again as he pocketed his receipt and turned away to trundle his cart out the door. The kid had chutzpah, he had to give him that. He wondered, as he loaded his groceries into his trunk, if he was carrying himself differently, because two sexual advances in the space of two hours - not to mention the additional looks he had ignored at the gym - seemed like more than average for a Wednesday night.
” as Castiel knocked again, his voice rumbling “Dean? Are you alright?” through the door and incidentally throughout Dean’s entire body.
He made it, just barely, crying out just as the phone rang, and answering it on the fourth ring with his left hand, his breath still short and his body still rippling with aftershocks of pleasure.
“Well, then,” Castiel offered, smiling, “if your brain is injured and tells your body to manufacture terror, sometimes the cast comes in the shape of a bottle of pills. Sure they make you catatonic, but it’s still better than a night of sweating and pissing the bed, right?”
“I am not prepared for this,” Castiel groaned into Dean’s mouth, “and I will not hurt you, nor will I take you somewhere like this your first time, regardless of how prettily you entice me. I will fuck your mouth like I mean it, and then I will give you the pleasure you crave as much as you fear it. Do you accept these terms?”
Dean’s mouth fell open as he stared at Castiel’s face, grim in the reflected streetlights, his mouth a straight line.
They pointedly did not look at each other as someone took a piss, did not wash their hands, left, door slamming behind them.
Castiel’s voice was gentler than his hands, roughly caressing waves of desire up and down Dean’s torso, and Dean groaned in desperation, running his hands through his hair, slick with sweat.
, a bourbon in his hand and a buzzing adrenaline in his veins. This was probably the dozenth time he’d come here since Dean started working for FindATable dot com, but tonight felt different because now he knew for certain that Dean enjoyed when he watched him play pool - had given him an explicit invitation to continue, in fact, last week - and that Dean
. Castiel smirked as he looked up to nod his thanks to maybe Jason for the explanation, received a congratulatory grin and nod, accepted them as his due, and returned to showering the sweat off his body. He enjoyed the glances he could feel returning to examine him, now that he knew what they were looking at.
“You are an exceptionally beautiful boy and I would have been honored, but I am in an exclusive relationship.”
“Consider it done. Now get some sleep so you can win your games tomorrow night, which, just so we’re clear, I fully intend to ogle you during.” Castiel grinned to hear Dean choke a little and then snicker, and he stifled a strong urge to whisper “
“¡Hola primito! That’s my friend Castiel, José!” Dean answered, coming out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist, smoothly relieving Castiel of his burden.
Dean shuddered at the memory, admiring Castiel’s mouth, lips gently parted in his sleep. He shuddered again remembering the way Castiel had looked at him as he swallowed one last time and slid those gorgeous lips up off his cock, undoing his own trousers and gripping his cock in his hand in one smooth motion, groaning as he stared at Dean’s face and started to stroke himself dry. Dean had been mesmerized, frozen, his eyes glued to Castiel’s, but as Cas had started to shudder Dean had cried out, and Castiel had hesitated, his hand pausing in mid-stroke.
“Geez, Dean, look at these houses.” Sam’s eyes were wide, they’d clearly pulled off in a pretty fancy neighborhood. Dean followed Sam’s directions as they maneuvered through narrow streets and expensive landscaping, finally pulling up to a modest neighborhood that still probably cost a fortune to live in, all different narrow Victorian-looking house fronts sandwiched together like New York brownstones, tall and thin. There were a ton of trees planted in the sidewalk on the street and Sam made frustrated noises looking for the house numbers, but they finally found it. Dean managed to pull Baby into the narrow driveway, nose almost touching Castiel’s Old Lady Lincoln - tucked in a single open garage bay at street level - to get Baby’s ass end off the sidewalk that passed in front of the houses. It seemed weird that Cas would leave the garage door open but the explanation made itself clear as Castiel appeared on the long brick stairway to his front door, waved at them while squeezing around Baby and managed to get his trunk open, pull out a couple bags and shut it again by the time the Winchesters had unfolded themselves from Baby and extracted their various belongings from inside her. Cas glanced at Baby’s placement, compared her position to the mark where the garage door lock sat on the concrete floor, and pressed the garage door button with a wry grin. It closed with three inches to spare.
.” - that last with a huge smirk, drawing a surprised snort from Castiel as his face transitioned to relief and gratitude.
The timer went off again and this time Dean did pull the mac and cheese out, the bacon and crumb topping all golden brown and smelling delicious in the takeout-trays-and-aluminum-foil casserole dish Dean had fashioned since Castiel did not own one and the pie was currently occupying his only cookie sheet. Sam appeared as if by magic as Castiel cleared their laptops from the table, and Dean gingerly carried his creation to the table to set it on the trivets Castiel somehow owned and carefully laid out side by side in the center of the table. The man’s kitchen implement selection was so random as to be a complete mystery to Dean.
Dean glanced at him then, his face an anguished plea for mercy, and Castiel startled guiltily and flashed him a wordless apology, nodded and looked away. He hadn’t realized Dean could feel not only his attention but also his
is for you to do whatever you want to me, whenever you want.” He grinned wickedly as Castiel’s cock threatened to bore a hole in his hip, and rocked against Cas a little, smugly watched Castiel’s eyelashes flutter and his eyes roll back in his head for a second.
Dean reluctantly followed Castiel out the bedroom door, surprised when Castiel disappeared downstairs so quickly he was already out of view as Dean shut the door behind himself.
Castiel’s covered his startled hesitation so quickly his guests did not catch it. “Of course,” Castiel answered smoothly. “Let me get the door for you, it’s got a trick to it.”
Tenderness soon gave way to desperate heat again and Castiel reached down to finish undoing Dean’s belt, reached into his boxer briefs to grip Dean’s searing cock in his hand, squeeze until Dean groaned, relax his grip to stroke him dry.
“I meant weird that I’m asking you where you get your brand and you’re gonna send me home with a self-starter pack.”
“Alright.” Castiel said. “Then I apologize Dean, and further, I look forward to seeing you use your powers. For chaotic good.” he added, winning a real smile from Dean.
I wanted to take a moment to thank the readers who left me comments last Friday, then again those of you who stepped up at the beginning of this week when I was wailing on twitter that my needs for head pats were not being met. I don't know whether to apologize or double down - both have their appeal - but just to summarize the wailing: I understand that a reader's relationship with the art is out of my hands and none of my business, I promise, I have been an avid reader for at least 35 years.
Dean looked so disappointed that Castiel relented, reaching behind a potted orchid to pull out a small plastic can of fish food and hand it to Dean. “Just a tiny pinch,” he instructed, looking fondly at the three little faces now excitedly sucking air at the surface of the water. “They’ll eat as much as you give them and as soon as they get too big I have to trade them in for little ones again.” Castiel’s voice softened as he murmured “I hate to see them go.” Castiel watched Dean sprinkle a tiny pinch of food on the surface of the water, watched Dean’s face light up to see the fish gobble at the largesse. He smiled wistfully, gazing at the three little faces, and spoke so quietly Dean wasn’t even sure he was meant to hear it.  “I still miss Henry David. He was
“No, no,” Dean assured Sam, “nothing like that, I just had a good night. Sharked some frat boys for a couple bills, they’ll be bringing me fresh meat next week, hung out with Cas -”
Castiel abruptly disappeared and Dean obeyed, a little dizzy, dressing himself with Castiel already gone and no trace of what they'd shared anywhere on his physical body kind of depressing, not even a hickey where Cas had gone kind of wild on his neck. Dean sighed, his fingers tracing the spot where he should by all rights have a bruise, teeth marks,
good, actually, and that the tingles of electricity he could feel sparking in his body didn’t even feel like Angel stuff, those felt like they were
“Tough titties if he does - “ Frank grinned and his face softened at Dean’s expression. “No, Dean, he won’t mind. He has several orchids he already bought under similar conditions, although none so rare as this one, and none for more than one division. But I know she will do well with Castiel, almost as well as she would do here, and maybe he’ll come see me again soon to talk about her.” Frank sounded almost wistful, but he also sounded completely sincere. Dean found that he believed him.
Dean snorted in return, picturing it. “I could steal his wallet though, on our way out. Rack up his cards for a couple hours ‘til they catch us.”
your brother?” Frank studied Dean’s face incredulously, and Dean shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other under the sudden scrutiny.
“I have my gym bag in my car, can you give me a minute to change before you make me kick all of your asses?”
“Yes, sir.” Dean stared at the man in surprise as his face lit up with delight and he beckoned Dean to follow him through the maze of plants towards a door in the back of the greenhouse, chatting pleasantly over his shoulder.
He hadn’t even been tempted to let anyone fuck him in years, certainly not since he'd met Cas, anyway, his mind too exhausted to fight him on examining that too closely like it usually did, turning the idea over and over and feeling that same melancholy wistfulness he always pretended away, wishing things could be different. That his life had been less impossible swings of fate, maybe, and more normal coincidence like regular people got to live, maybe, and that Cas could have been human, maybe, and into guys,
“I wouldn’t call myself ‘classy and shit’, Dean, but you are correct in assuming I don’t drink beer that comes in bottles containing more than twelve fluid ounces. Maaaybe sixteen, if it’s a special occasion.”  He grinned. “There’s a wine bottle in the recycling that might do.” He returned his attention to the saucepan, and Dean nodded and splashed a little ice water into the bowl, stirred it with a fork to see if it was enough.
Castiel shrugged modestly, stepping back but only just the slightest bit as Dean released him, his smile self-effacing. “It was nothing.”
“GUYS I’M RIGHT HERE!” Sam was laughing but there was a note of real horror in his voice and they apologized while Sam did up his seat belt, fiddled with the controls for a minute to figure out where everything was, and pulled away from the curb with a roar of acceleration, putting the Pimpmobile through her paces.
“Never tried it. Never had a yard. But hand me a shovel and point me at a spot, I’ll get right to work. I’ll dig until I hit oil, unless you tell me to stop. Be Chinese sunshine shining through the bottom of it, if that’s what you want.”
called it, after reading half the internet. I called it ‘figuring out where my head’s at.’ You know I care about you, Cas, right, you
Castiel’s face remained entirely innocent, but his eyes twinkled. “Ahh, wonderful. I make it a point to try to to anticipate a guest’s every desire. I trust you found everything to your… satisfaction?”
“Baby spiders,” Castiel answered calmly, lifting his palm upwards towards the roof of the cavern, lighting up what looked like hundreds of dust motes floating in the air. “There must be thousands of them. They’re in the air, too, floating on little silk balloons, aren’t they fascinating?”
“He’s fine. Get in,” Castiel said, “and shut the door. We’ll talk inside. I need you to drive, is that okay?”
Castiel snorted and retorted smoothly “In my day we showed our elders some respect...” he raised an eyebrow and added “or they showed us the back of their hand.”
“- Yeah, well,” Dean continued, “in retrospect I feel like we should have known you can’t just drive around bad neighborhoods. Anyway, we saw some kids jumping some other kids in front of a convenience store but it seemed really one-sided, something like half a dozen bigger kids on two smaller ones. We pulled up, and Sam was already out of Baby before we stopped rolling, asking if our cousins needed a ride home. It was enough of a distraction to stop the immediate fighting but some cops pulled up before José and his brother had decided whether to get into the car with a couple of gringos or take the beating - “
“Seven minutes,” Dean declared. Castiel leaned forward obediently to set the timer with his non-stirring hand. Dean nodded to himself, pleased, and poured spiced and sugared apples into his makeshift pie tin, stuck his thumb in the ice water to wet the edge of the bottom crust. He rolled out the top crust, humming quietly to himself, rolled the circle of crust up around the wine bottle, smoothly reversed course to unroll it over the top of his pie, slice off the excess, flute the edges with his thumb and forefinger. He could feel Castiel’s attention on him like he had at the pool hall and it felt… nice. He was good at pie and proud of his crust and his makeshift salad-tin improvisation, and he preened a little, looked up at Cas with a smile.
Castiel finished chewing the last bite of his second bacon cheeseburger, swallowed, and went right on talking as if he hadn't paused his conversation to eat an entire second plate of food, while Dean sipped his beer and watched him, amused and vaguely impressed.
it grew fast, but his forehead was smooth, none of the weight he carried there while he was awake visible now.
Castiel stood up from where he’d been sitting at the foot of the bed, yawned, stretched, slowly wandered over to his dresser. He pulled on clean boxers and a tee shirt, ambled casually to the closet to pull on a pair of jeans, ran his cleanest hand through his hair.
Frank snorted. “You’ve never been orchid shopping, have you, kid.” He mouthed the price silently and Dean’s mouth fell open in dismay. Frank nodded smugly, but as Dean’s face fell Frank’s face fell too. “Come to think of it, Castiel hasn’t been in here once since he picked up his ladies and he used to swing by every few weeks. Is he doing alright?”
Dean’s hand came to a complete stop as he stared up at Castiel in awe, and Castiel’s voice was gentle when he asked, “What is it, Dean?”
Anna grinned and punched Dean lightly in the arm. “I invented you a work emergency. Castiel, I just remembered I forgot to tell you to train Dean on one of the new features that he needs to be able to talk about in one of his meetings tomorrow. Go on, get the hell out of here.” Her grin turned wicked. “Teach Dean something.”
“RIGHT.”  Dean jumped up to wash his hands, Castiel grinning and following suit to get the delicious grease off his fingers.
Castiel drove the several blocks to his gym, worked out his core and upper body until he could barely move. He’d run a dozen or so miles the night before, so legs could wait. Castiel paid no attention to his surroundings, intent on carving his abs into marble, but when he stripped down to shower he noticed he was getting more glances than usual. Not just from the smattering of new guys, which he was used to and generally ignored, but some of regulars he saw all the time were looking at him speculatively as well. He nodded back, baffled, stepping under the stream of water to close his eyes and sigh as the scalding water hit his back.
Castiel successfully returned his train of thought to Dean, adding to his little file of happiness the moment when Dean shook his head no at the gorgeous girl and nodded towards him instead. Taken out for inspection, that one filled him with a fierce joy; it burned bright and hot and he felt guilty as hell about it. Nothing about that moment should feel so good, but he tucked it away to treasure anyway. No one else ever had to know his guilty pleasures.
Dean didn’t know how beautiful his laughter was, that gorgeous torrent of giggles bubbling up from his chest and tumbling over his delighted smile, but if Castiel had been there to see it he would have held his breath in wonder, staring without blinking until the moment had passed.
“From the rolling tray that keeps them hot. They can only stay on the device for twelve hours, then they must be discarded. There’s a clipboard we keep track of the times on.”
Castiel’s voice was caught in his throat, Dean could hear it, and he stopped even trying to pretend he wasn’t feeling the exact same way.
Dean pulled up to the Stanford library to collect Sam with a smile playing at the corner of his lips, riding the adrenaline high of crushing those frat boys with the heavy weight of Castiel’s watchful gaze curling around his chest. It had never felt so intense before, usually the feeling came and went over the course of a pool game as Castiel either chatted with his friends or, Dean suspected, looked away when Dean turned to face him so he wouldn’t know Cas had been watching the whole time. Tonight Castiel had given him his undivided attention, and it had been... intoxicating. A little ripple of gooseflesh raced up Dean’s arms and around the back of his neck just thinking about it. Sam pulled open the door and folded himself into the passenger seat, heaving his backpack between them into the back seat as he slouched into the upholstery and took in Dean’s face.  “What’re you grinning about?” Sam asked, smiling just to see his brother happy.
Turned out he was pretty good at it. He’d started a little hashtag count in the back of his notebook, and his personal best in an hour was pretty impressive. Good thing he’d talked ‘John’ into paying fifty cents for the first minute, even if they hung up, because he’d had a few the other night he could
“No, you’re right, I don’t care about the company that much, in all likelihood I could get another job at a moment’s notice. The truth is more personal. I was on my own when I was Sam’s age. My father threw me out of his house over certain… religious differences, and not one of my older brothers showed more than the slightest passing concern about my welfare after that. It was a very difficult time for me and I fervently wish I had family that cared for me the way Dean cares for you, Sam, but I wasn’t so fortunate. I survived, but in retrospect I now realize that was more luck than anything else. I am moved by your situation and I would like to help. To pay it forward, if you will, because Dean is the kind of man I wish my own brothers had been and I want to see him succeed.”
“Take your pie and get inside the house, Dean.” Castiel’s voice was low and guttural, and Dean’s entire body vibrated as he spoke.
Sam glanced over at a piece of notepaper stuck to the refrigerator with a dirty magnet the approximate size and shape of a bagel. “Looks like a pizza run at six, which we’ve missed the call-in for, another at eleven or one am, Burritos at nine from Juan’s place - Oh, Hey, Maria’s doing tamales at seven if we call by six, we haven’t done that in a couple weeks?” He looked hopefully towards Castiel and Dean, the question hanging in the air.
Dean grinned and nestled into Castiel’s chest, whispering back, “Four days was too long without you, Cas. I can only shower so many times a day, and nothing helped.
Dean didn’t have to say a word. Castiel had spent his entire adult life being aroused by arms and backs and thighs and stomachs. He knew
“I know everything about you, Dean, you need no trickery or convincing to use me. You are welcome to this body, because I care about you, and I
need to go with Dean then, Castiel? Couldn’t we send someone less valuable to the team with him and have them report back to you?”
The sun on his face pulled Dean back from wherever he was hovering in his head, his eyes focusing on Castiel’s face, furrowed with concern, staring down at him, before he scrambled to his feet, shaking his hands through his hair and ripping off layers as fast as he could move, jacket and shirt and tee shirt and boots and jeans - he paused when he hit boxers, electing to keep those on, gulping ragged breaths as he fished his keys and wallet out of his jeans.
a little anyways, Castiel’s heat and pressure just as intoxicating as the fragrance rolling off him had been a minute ago.
I'm on twitter under the same name, because I got over the embarrassment of writing porn and landed firmly on the LOOK HOW GREAT I AM AT THIS BE PROUD OF ME MOFOS in about the first 90 days of writing.
Dean’s eyes flew open in terror that he'd imagined it all, and Castiel was holding him like a baby, gently stroking his hair, those absolutely gorgeous blue eyes twinkling down at him along with that rare, beautiful smile.
still believe in beauty Sam, he has all those flowers and that garden." Dean's face lit up for real. "Let's get him a really nice one of those, one he doesn't have already."
“Gladly, if you’ll have me, but I’m hardly going to win any fresh titles. Does this mean you’re going to switch teams for me?”
“I don’t think so, Cas. I don’t think god gets his hands that dirty. I think all us sorry bastards down here are on our own, and god doesn’t give a shit if we suffer or don’t, it just is what it is, and we have to do the best we can with what we’ve got.”
Castiel shook his head dismissively, reversing his boat out of her docking slip to head southeast, his face giving absolutely no indication this was, in fact, exactly the opposite direction from his house. “Yes I know it, and don’t worry about that.” Castiel glanced at Dean and then returned his attention to maneuvering out of the parking garage, responding firmly to Dean’s forlorn expression. “Stop that. I am taking you home and that’s all there is to it.”
After he bit into his, Castiel immediately regretted not taking two, but the ones that were left were rapidly disappearing into Sam. Castiel ate with his eyes closed, careful not to make a sound after the embarrassment from last night’s patty melt. He opened his eyes to lick his fingers and sigh. Dean smiled and shook his head, cracked his second pastry in half to share it with Cas, and the room was completely silent except for the sound of chewing until all the empanadas were devoured.
Please note, our innocently filthy Cas has necessitated an update to the tags. I've added "rough sex" and "choking" to our complement. Those don't come up yet, I'm just telling you now, and they aren't bad at all... just. This Cas isn't bound by societal norms of what is and isn't expected in the average bedroom. He's deliciously free of those sorts of constraints, and I don't want to catch anyone unaware.
Dean sighed heavily, running a hand through damp hair as he stepped out of the bathroom and into the motel room at large.
Castiel fell silent at the shock on Dean’s face, shock and something else he didn’t recognize, but definitely not a
“Alright. She seemed to like lying under me and I wanted to feel what it was like to lie under you, while we are both still - improbably,
“My resume, Cas. It’s completely fake. I don't know how to do any of the shit I said I do. I’m barely keeping my head above water here, and Zachariah said the big account I just landed this week, the one with six restaurant locations...” Dean shuddered at the recollection, the client had been exceptionally handsy and he had showered a really long time after he got home. “The client specified the deal was contingent on my training him personally on how to use the customer portal. I can't do that Cas, I can barely describe the thing I’m selling!”
and landing, Dean’s mouth dry now, on Castiel’s lips, soft and pink, Dean could almost feel them whispering over his flesh again.
it, even though I tried to take the edge off in the bathroom before I came here.”  Castiel’s eyebrows rose in surprise,
Happy Friday my Darlings, ye most treasured of readers who can read a WIP & feed me with your delicious comments. You are the only thing that keeps me publishing. I've got two chapters that can come out this week - the first soft, the second *ahem* hard ;-) - but I'm trying a new paradigm. Last week only M had a chance to read me by Friday past 9EST - or she was the only one who took the time to leave a comment by then. Naturally, I had a crisis of *is this worth the pain of showing anyone*, as I do, sulked a bit, threw a mini tantrum, cried, and then went as far offline as I can to lick my wounds.
Dean stared at Castiel with his mouth open for several seconds before realizing it and consciously snapping his mouth shut.
"Yeah yeah, gotta have soft hands for sales, Sam. No one trusts a salesman with callouses or grease under their fingernails. Soft hands and even softer promises." Dean snickered and rinsed his hands, dried them on his jeans as he crossed to shut the window and kick the door shut for Sam.
Castiel’s breath blew out in a long, body-wracking shudder, staring at the people fucking on the screen. When he tore his eyes away to look at Dean they were glazed, from lust or pain or both, Dean couldn’t tell.
" Dean whispered, and Castiel unfroze, staring up at Dean's face with naked desire, not even trying to hide it, his hands lifting from the bed beside him to slide reverently up Dean's thighs, across Dean's ass, and up his back, one hand gripping Dean's shoulder, the other the back of his head, to pull him down into a kiss, his kiss so passionate Dean melted into a puddle in his arms, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck without even noticing he was doing it, sinking into him, the burning heat of Castiel's stomach deliciously thrilling against Dean’s cock.
“You’re welcome,” Dean answered softly, rubbing the back of his neck. “If you open the garage door I can get that hose swapped out and check that off the list, too.”
Dean‘s hands were shaking as he unlocked Baby’s trunk, pulled out gasoline and a lighter, and doused his clothes and boots before setting them on fire.
Dean slumped back onto his haunches and half-turned to face his assailant, crossing his arms defiantly across his chest not half to keep from shivering.
next to it up against the fence, with flowers behind it and to each side of it, and a lilypad growing in it, a tiny trickle of water coming down a flat stone and bubbling into it… and he leaned over and saw a flash of orange. There was a
but we nailed them - had a fucking busted pocket door on the bathroom and - “ Dean trailed off, whispering lamely, “no privacy.”
“Did I miss taco salad last night?” His glance traveled to the counter, where about half the pie remained after Sam had gotten done with it. “And
- delivered yet. I’m wearing only my bathrobe, which is of course wide open. When you called, I had just come thinking about you pleasuring yourself in your shower, and my hand is still -
Dean stared at Castiel evenly, his eyes soft, his lips curving into an affectionate smile. His voice was mild and fond as he answered.
Dean frowned at Castiel, but there was no artifice in his face, no guile. He just stared at Dean with genuine concern written across his incredibly symmetrical features, the dark furrows of his brows meeting above his perfect nose and his wide eyes intensely fixed on Dean’s face in supplication.
“Are you alright, Cas?” Dean’s voice was… knowing, but Castiel didn’t blush this time, his pupils just darkened and he sighed into the receiver, sitting on the bottom step of his stairs in his bathrobe and leaning back to cradle the receiver beside his head as he carefully didn’t touch anything with his still slick right hand.
“I like her,” he said softly by way of explanation, fondly running a hand along the hideous woodgrain of the dashboard as they shut their respective doors and pulled on their seatbelts, safe inside the belly of the beast.
Castiel looked up to find both brothers staring at him, rather than the fish, and he colored slightly, shrugged towards the stairs. “Shall we?” The Winchesters nodded silently and crunched towards the stairs, but when Castiel unhooked a wooden rake from the fence at the foot of the stairs Sam looked at him so pleadingly, his eyes huge and hopeful, that Castiel handed it to him without a word, stepping off the gravel onto the bottom landing of the stairs and motioning for Sam do the honors. Castiel and Dean both watched from the vantage point of the stairs, entranced, as Sam erased all signs of their visit, following the patterns that Castiel had chosen to leave the last time and adding one tiny new swirl by the fountain. Sam looked up at Cas to see if that was okay or if he should redo it. Castiel nodded, pleased, and Sam beamed; he stepped backwards onto the stairs, erased his last footprints, and hung up the rake.
Castiel was clearly picturing it, Dean's entire body somehow fluttering now, as Castiel nodded, turning to reach for the chair.
Castiel was floored, watching them. He felt sympathetic nerves over imagining meeting Big Man alone, holding his fate in those giant hands, relief that everything had turned out so well, and a small, unnameable trickle of something wistful. He wondered, for the briefest moment, where his brothers were, before turning his thoughts immediately away, scowling angrily.
The brothers glared at each other. Castiel held his breath, acutely aware that he was eavesdropping on something incredibly intimate and not meant for him. He couldn't look away as he watched Dean smooth his face again, this time successfully.
Castiel’s face went blank as he considered the rest of his answer, finally muttering, “The… place I’m sleeping... has no bed. Yet. I’ll have one soon.”
Chapter Mood: Uncomfortable, then, *I* think, satisfying. I'm told I nailed it, which is patently horrifying.
accidentally embarrass the shit out of me just then - “ Castiel winced, as Dean leaned forward and dropped his voice even quieter - “I’m gonna have to push through it to ask you where you get that.. stuff. It’s
He was at Castiel’s of course, in the guest room, flopped on the bed on top of the covers, wearing the same clothes as last night. Alone, with a moment of rare, blessed privacy at the same time as raging morning wood. Dean pressed his hand on his erection over his jeans and suppressed a groan. Didn’t matter what time it was, five more minutes wouldn’t make a difference and the opportunity to jack off
Castiel had shaken him awake at the crack of dawn, already dressed and ready to go to work, with barely enough time for Dean to shower and get his shit in the car, and Castiel had shaken his head no thank you to pie, his urgency about work contagious enough that Dean had packed his pie to go.
This chapter is therefore early, and shorter than usual. I promise you will get extra next week, and I trust I will be forgiven, given the nature of the content. ;-)
Castiel slid his lips off Dean’s cock, gulping in a huge breath, almost hyperventilating as he reached for his own cock again, breaking cardinal rule number one with impunity as he stared at Dean intently, his chest heaving with every rasping breath. Dean found himself utterly powerless to look away, he didn’t even try, helpless even to blink, as Castiel slid his hand rapidly over his cock, already worlds better at it, to Dean’s shocked but practiced eye.
Castiel’s tongue found it’s way inside the shell of Dean’s ear, his breath huffing out in gasps as he rutted against Dean, his hand losing rhythm as he shuddered and twitched and spilled his pleasure between Dean’s thighs, but it didn’t matter; Dean cried out to hear Castiel panting and moaning in his ear, transfixed, his cock pulsing in Castiel’s fist as he followed him over that edge.
Dean froze, horrified he’d been overheard, but the low murmur of conversation below did not stop, so he dared to grind up into his fist again, trying to hold his breath so he wouldn’t moan but beginning to pant anyway, the delicious friction of the circle of his hand somehow much hotter if he fucked up into his slick downstroke like he meant it instead of just moving his hand. He shut his eyes and tried to picture a woman riding him but he could hear the low tones of Castiel saying something downstairs and it was too distracting, he could actually make out words now, Castiel’s voice becoming more distinct, saying “I’ll check if he’s awake,” footfalls on the stairs, but he was too close,
with them. “That makes him one of us,” Sam had said. He decided he didn’t care what it cost, probably his job and his stock options if he were found out, but he wanted this feeling of belonging somewhere more than he’d realized... and there was that sand in his eye again, even inside his car. He brushed it away and drove the rest of the way home in silence, the lights on the highway blurry, his chest battling it out with his stomach over which felt closer to bursting and spilling its contents over the varnished wood grain of his gently glowing dashboard.
“Just let him, Cas. That door latch is killing him, look at him.” Sam snickered, and Castiel studied Dean’s face curiously to see what Sam saw. Dean was still smiling winningly but there was definitely a hint of pleading desperation around the edges, now that he was looking for it, and Castiel’s face broke into a huge smile as he nodded.
“Uh, well, let’s see, he’s hot, he’s athletic, he’s a single bachelor, and he lives in San Francisco?” Sam listed his bullet points rapid-fire, ticking them off on his fingers as he listed them.
“Put your hand around your dick, Cas,” Dean whispered, his voice so husky he could barely get the words out.
There was a long silence at the other end of the line, a door, another door, and Dean’s voice sounded different when he answered. Still soft, but resonating from an enclosed space.
Dean came back to his body in stages. First he felt warm, and safe, and he enjoyed that for a long while, safety not something he remembered feeling so viscerally since he was a child in his mother's arms, but these were definitely not his mother's arms, and he did not feel like a child.
The next three chapters including this one were SOMEHOW accidentally left out when I originally published the Thanksgiving section. I had a ton going on at the time but I am still rattled by this egregious error. So these were always in the work, not added later, but they weren't always *published*, first appearing 6/29/19. I swear I am not pulling a George Lucas, these are and have always been canon for this work; think of them as a deleted scene that have been put back into the Director's cut, explaining a good dozen references down the line that will make sense now DAMMIT I AM SO FURIOUS ABOUT THIS. :-D
Once Castiel decided on a gift, he was at a loss as to how to surprise the boys in the remaining days before Christmas without tipping his hand. He agonized over it for days until he was saved by a text from Dean.
They all stared at him, practically holding their breaths, as he met Castiel’s eyes and spoke softly.
Castiel’s intake of breath was loud in the enclosed space. Dean stared at him evenly as he signaled and made a right turn.
Castiel was looking at the wall of the cave, invisible in the dark, and he snorted at Dean’s frustrated harrumph.
“No way, man, we need this!”  Dean was emphatic, serious. Castiel did not ask who “we” meant, but his curiosity ratcheted up a notch as Dean continued.
“Life is hard enough, gentlemen. Any one of you who has a problem with what Castiel has just shared with us may leave right now, and join another group that I do not run. I will not abide bigotry. This is a
Castiel grasped Dean’s outstretched hand firmly in his own and found it warm and dry, his palm tingling at the contact. Dean smiled and Castiel begrudgingly quirked a slight smile in return, warily watching Dean watch him. There was far more intelligence in those eyes than he had anticipated, not just the shrewd cunning of a fox. He was being observed just as keenly as he was observing, which was startling, but there was something else there he hadn’t expected. Pain. It was subtle, he wouldn’t have noticed it if he hadn’t known what to look for; but this kid - god he couldn’t be more than what, twenty-five? Alright, man then - this man had not had everything in life handed to him. Castiel softened just a little and let his half-smile reach his eyes.  Dean nodded almost imperceptibly and squeezed his hand slightly before graciously offering “I am pleased to meet you, Castiel.”
Dean shook his head and swallowed his mouthful of doughnut. “Naw I’m good, I had some advil from your impressively stocked nightstand this morning, thanks Cas.”
This was impossibly hot, the hottest thing that had ever happened to him, maddeningly, desperately, painfully arousing, and he was technically alone in a room with his hand. He didn’t dare touch himself again, he was too close, so he took long, slow breaths and strained his ears to hear what Castiel might be doing.
but Dean was beautiful, not cut like the guys at the gym, but solid and strong, like a man who worked with his hands. Castiel shut his eyes, but smooth freckled skin still swam in his vision, and he mentally scolded himself for looking; that wasn’t fair to Dean. Dean didn’t know Castiel liked looking at men and wouldn’t appreciate being objectified without his knowledge or permission.
Castiel stroked him dry, teeth and tongue now working around the shell of Dean’s ear, his other hand twisting a nipple through thin cotton until Dean’s whimpers sounded more like warning cries, then he yanked Dean backwards while sweeping his knees out from under him, easily lowered him to the floor, caught the last of Dean’s yelp of surprise in his mouth as he knelt beside him to shove a knee between his thighs. Dean whimpered and moaned and sucked on as much tongue as Castiel would give him, arching against the thigh Cas was grinding against him only to stop every time Dean got close, his panting breath laced with beer and pie and desperation.
They stared at each other in sweetly bashful delight, Dean uncertain if anything was expected of him until Castiel broke the spell, leaning gently down to taste pie from Dean’s lips. His kisses were tender, his caresses gentle, and he ran his hands over every inch of Dean’s body, slowly worshipping him with soft touches and gentle kisses, exploring what tickled and what made Dean sigh, caressing his hair and his lips and his cheeks, running soft fingers and lips over his chest and stomach and thighs and even tracing his fingertips over Dean’s feet, working his way back up Dean's body to hold his hands and kiss his fingers one by one.
He was so close to home, just minutes away and he could take care of the tension screaming in his body… His mind slipped to Sunday night and he sighed in pleasure, taking a deep breath and slowly letting it out as he carefully maneuvered the narrow streets towards home, one hand impatiently pressing on his erection over his black wool pants.
good Dean. I think we can stop for now, until I’ve talked to Zachariah and figured out our next steps, alright?”
The game continued much more evenly after that, Castiel and Dean falling into a furious rivalry and everyone else just getting out of their way. Dean was taller, but they were evenly matched in strength and mass, and Castiel was faster. The first couple times Dean fouled Castiel no one said a word, but the third time Dean fouled Cas - grabbing at his forearm and holding on to ruin his shot - was so egregious that Big Man called it in disgust. Castiel easily sank both his penalty shots, winning the game for team Shirts.
Dean felt the familiar weight of Castiel’s glance as it landed and looked his way with a smile and a wave. In that half-second of distraction Diego managed to break free of Dean’s cover, hollering, “Sam! I’m open!”  Sam made the pass to Diego in a flash, and Dean was left scrambling to catch up as everyone headed up the court en masse, Dean leaping heroically out in front of Diego to block his shot and earning a bodyslam that dropped him to the asphalt for his trouble. Dean’s interference caused Diego’s jump shot to hit the rim but it went into the basket anyway, to a chorus of various cheers and groans. Dean groaned as Diego extended him a hand to haul him to his feet, and the entire court looked over to measure up the gringo who had distracted Dean from more important pursuits. Castiel threw his hands up in apology as Dean laughed and apologized.
“Frank,” Frank muttered. “I told you to call me Frank.” He pondered for a long moment, his gaze somewhere in the middle distance, before coming back to focus on Dean, who was staring dejectedly at the flower he most certainly could
,” Dean murmured into Castiel’s ear, “That no matter what color you picked out of that swatch book thing to go with your living room paint color, I was going to love it, because
“What? Dude, don’t worry about it, thank you for talking me down from… ” Dean waved his hand helplessly. “What do you even call this?” he asked plaintively.
Castiel’s profile was silhouetted by the light in the living room archway behind him, his arms coming up to wrap around her in a way Dean was certain Cas had never done for one of
desperation written in the crease of his brow and the curve of his lips. “Please Castiel, I need him.
“Yes, sir. Many hands helped as the company gained traction of course, but I designed the database and the framework and I wrote the lion's share of our code libraries. To this day I continue to develop most of the new features on the database end before the team integrates the new features into the customer portal. We all test it after that, and then we work together to integrate our updates into the live copy.”  Castiel made it sound like no big deal, but Dean’s eyes widened as he watched Zachariah reassess who he was talking to, the adjustment in his demeanor something Dean found intensely satisfying, even as he marveled that Castiel had somehow stooped to helping
His phone buzzing on his nightstand took Dean by surprise. What else could Sam possibly want to talk about, he’d be home in like forty minutes -
Dean blew out a breath; no possible way to approach that presenting itself, so he didn’t even try. He shifted his Baby into drive, the only thought on his mind now finding a way to apologize for what Zeke had made him do to Cas.
“It didn’t work,” Castiel sighed, desultorily collapsing onto his back on his side of the bed. He dropped his damp towel and pushed it off the bed onto the floor, glaring at his offending erection in frustration, while Dean made a tiny, “EEP,” sound and fled to the kitchenette, to busy himself with opening a fresh beer.
Castiel was early enough to see Dean arrive, perfection in a suit - the charcoal gray one this time, with a pink dress shirt and gray satin tie - purposefully striding in the door to saunter up to the bar. Dean ordered two craft beers, brought them over to join Castiel at his table, smiled at him, slid one of the beers his way. Well
Dean’s eyes had never been so wide in his life. He nodded, mute, and Castiel’s head tilted, his brows furrowing dangerously.
Sam continued,  “Dean made a show of going inside, giving the boys ten bucks to pay the cashier for the shoplifted candy that those ‘city bully kids made them take,’ made them apologize, and the kids and the cashier totally rolled with it. A local, as it turned out. Of course the cashier just pocketed that ten - “
“You ate a few bites, Dean, but you were falling asleep at the table, and Sam insisted I put you to bed.” Castiel suddenly looked worried, setting his plate down and studying Dean’s face.
Castiel’s face twisted with fierce desire, and Dean’s heart started to pound, adrenaline coursing through his stomach and surging throughout his body as Castiel pointed at the floor and hissed, “
Dean was taken off guard, startled into staring at Castiel blankly for a microsecond before a pleased smile flitted across his face and settled into a sheepish grin, his attention studiously on the clumps of elbows he was separating.
Dean grinned and shook his head, cutting in to comment,  “Those kids should have won an Emmy or something. Big Man too, but damn, those kids blew me away.”
“You may do as you please, of course, Dean, but this body has no disease and cannot get pregnant and is entirely clean.”
Dean reached out to touch the one named Sylvia, stroking a long, strap-like leaf gently. It was thick, fleshy, not like any plant he’d ever looked at up close before. “She’s gorgeous, Cas,” he murmured. “They all are. I’ve never seen anything like these.”
Castiel pushed his cart to the cart return, loaded himself into his driver’s seat, and drove himself carefully home, following the speed limit, signaling every turn, and wondering how late Dean would be working on Friday - and more importantly, whether there was any chance of him staying over. He’d work through his embarrassment with Sam being there - he flushed hotly just thinking about it -
into the spaces between time, where Dean could not hear him or be made afraid, and then Castiel’s pocket timeline for two spun back up and Castiel
“I thought you didn’t want to do that with me anymore until you got over your - what did you call it? Gay panic?”
Dean nodded eagerly up at Castiel, eyes wide, his hands trembling in anticipation, and Castiel patted the bed, smiling gently.
to grip his cock in one hand, slickened with the molecules that made Dean’s nervous system crackle and pop, to slide in time with his body so they could feel the pleasures of the flesh together, Castiel’s visceral, transcendent satisfaction in the way Dean gave himself so willingly - his body heaving and arching into Castiel’s every demand, his pleasure spilling at Castiel’s crackling touch - the mirror image of what he could not know Dean was feeling, Dean’s entire awareness consumed with giving himself to the Angel above him, whatever he wanted, feeling the heat of Castiel’s pleasure spilling
Castiel was still breathing heavily, his pupils wide and dark, and Dean couldn’t find his speech centers, just nodded, his own breath coming hard and sharp, his body frozen in place, not even believing his ears as Castiel absently reached for his towel to wipe his stomach and looked up at him again, his face innocently eager.
Dean’s hands twitched on his knees but he did not dare reach for his own cock, did not dare to break eye contact; did his damndest to keep his eyes fixed on Castiel’s face. Castiel wasn’t thrusting as deep this time, taking his time - or needing more time, he
Castiel’s eyes were wide, his pupils enormous in the dark room.  Castiel shook his head in disbelief, his smile huge, his approval palpable. Dean grinned back proudly, the rush of pleasure washing over him rendering him momentarily breathless, then he turned to call out to the bartender loudly “Mike, these boys are drinking on me tonight, all night, anything domestic on tap!” This perked the frat boys up tremendously and Dean leaned in to their leader, grinning conspiratorially. “Twenty percent of the take is yours next week guys, if you bring some friends and tell them there’s no way they can beat me, ” Dean offered.  The frat boys whooped and descended on the bar with huge grins on their faces, fully on board with passing the humiliation on down the line, while Castiel marvelled at Dean’s incredible skill at fleecing people and making them like it.
“That won’t be happening Brandon,” Castiel assured him, still chuckling as he shook his head, “but your offer is appreciated all the same.”
“I could get one - “ Sam looked worried as hell, But Dean’s face was calm, reassuring, he gripped Sam’s shoulder and squeezed.
Dean stepped away from the door and waved at it with a flourish for Castiel to do the honors, so Castiel stepped up to gently push the door shut, smile incredulously at Dean as he pressed the latch and it worked perfectly. He opened and shut the door a couple more times in disbelief and turned to Dean with a radiant smile.
“From now on you will keep Castiel apprised of your meeting schedule, particularly any clients with multiple locations or who request features we do not currently offer, and you will accommodate him if he wishes to accompany you to any meetings with any of these clients, is that understood?”
“I got this one!” Dean exclaimed, jumping up, clearly delighted for a homework break. “Wanna come, Cas?”
Dean shook his head no, both to Castiel’s conjecture and at their surprisingly attractive waitress, silently lifting an eyebrow to ask if they needed another round. Dean’s eyebrows answered that his friend had already had plenty, and the girl grinned and winked and spun away on her heel, Dean trying his damndest not to watch her go.
He watched as Dean flushed, Castiel’s approval washing over him as a physical wave of intense pleasure that Castiel could
Castiel’s face fell as he tried the other nipple, and then desultorily dropped his hands to the bed, vaguely scowling.
“Maybe.” Dean grinned smugly, then laughed, in a lilting cascade of completely uncharacteristic, joyful giggles. “No. I really didn’t mean to, Cas, I just… I told you, the second I felt your eyes on me I wanted you so bad it hurt.”
and shut his eyes to compose himself, his recent train of thought fanning his earlier simmer to more of a dull roar. Castiel joined the conversation at his table, aware that Anna was watching him but ignoring her saucy grin; one problem at a time. They were having a lively argument about Counter-Strike and for once Castiel could add to the discussion, making several valid points and offering a couple tips and getting some surprised and impressed looks from his friends.
Despite his claims to the contrary, Castiel had turned out to be a capable sous chef, gladly dicing onions precisely and perfectly to Dean’s specifications, then cheese as well while Dean fried bacon, since Castiel didn’t have a cheese grater. He seemed to have a sixth sense about never being in the way - no matter where Dean turned his attention Castiel would magically vacate the space Dean needed - and Castiel had been happy to take over stirring the roux sans whisk once Dean realized that with Castiel’s help he could thread the mac and cheese and pie processes and have both done at nearly the same time instead of sequentially.
“Thank you Anna. I wouldn’t have recognized what had happened if you hadn’t told me to wait for him to make a move, I wouldn’t have recognized it for what it was when I saw him talking to someone else, nor would I have understood that I had missed it. I honestly don’t know what would have happened, but… Oh, Anna,
Dean blinked. He was four years old in his Mom’s arms, safe. No, wait, he was a grown man, kneeling on the floor of a wet bathroom stall, his head leaning back onto someone’s shoulder, strong arms wrapped around him like a boa constrictor. His face felt damp, his throat raw. His breathing was slow and relaxed, and he could feel a steady heartbeat against his back, feel his lungs expanding and releasing in tandem with the firm wall of warmth pressed to his back.
draw three tiny fish at the bottom with a speech bubble that said “We miss you too!” He dithered for a few minutes over whether it was too childish, but in the end he folded it in three like a memo and slipped it under Dean’s door when he went to the bathroom after lunch, glancing both ways surreptitiously to make sure he was alone.
Dean stared at him, nonplussed. “I don’t think you have, Cas. I’ve never tried to use my... let’s say my ‘powers of persuasion’ on you. Or anywhere around you.”
The flavor can only go up from this morning breath, or I’d already have kissed you.” Dean grinned, and raised an “I dare you” eyebrow.
“You can have what’s left,” Dean declared, “after the working men take their share.” He grinned and tipped a couple empanadas out of the bag into a napkin before handing the bag and a stack of napkins to Castiel, who was leaning over the tiny kitchen sink washing his hands. Castiel took one of each and passed the rest along to Sam’s grabby fingers.
” Castiel turned away to play with the door latch again and missed Dean flushing in pleasure, the tips of his ears turning pink, but Sam saw it, and he turned away to smile into his textbook.
“Agreed. Since the moment I laid eyes on you tonight I have been struggling ineffectually to suppress my overwhelming desire to fuck you over that pool table.”
Dean couldn’t keep the smirk off his face, and when Castiel grinned back, the first joy on his face Dean had seen all day, Dean felt giddy, suddenly, to see it. Maybe it was this particular beer loosening his tongue and stealing his inhibition, or maybe it was wanting to see Cas smile again, it just slipped out.
Castiel stopped immediately, releasing Dean’s dick and watching with great interest as Dean’s entire body shuddered, his dick twitching, seeping a little arousal as he tried desperately to catch his breath.
Dean’s shocked little gasp interrupted the thought, and Castiel’s face fell at the look on Dean’s face.
“Cas, I wouldn’t offer if I minded. Just say yes.” Dean grinned winningly, and Sam chimed in from the couch where he was already settling in, lining his new nest with papers and textbooks.
Dean nonchalantly took another swig of beer and then took the plunge, keeping his voice as light as he knew how.
liked being fucked but his mind shied away from admitting such a thing - and he concentrated on Castiel’s face, Castiel's eyes still jet black, sparks flickering in their depths, and Dean found himself begging, not meaning to, it just slipped out.
“I’m kidding, Cas,” he soothed. “But it’s different with a client.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck with one hand, sheepish. “I guess I like, turn on the charm more.”
“Arrange yourself to receive me,” Castiel commanded, and Dean fell over himself to oblige, rolling onto his stomach and arching his back, Castiel’s little sigh of appreciation encouraging, but Castiel made no advance, and Dean looked over his shoulder, nervously moistening his lips, to find Castiel’s forehead furrowed in consternation.
He listened to the conversation buzzing around him, interjected where he could, ordered another beer to drink with his friends, but his mind was lost savoring the triumphant smile Dean had flashed him after winning, the way Dean’s eyes had sparkled at his approval, that soft shy smile Dean had offered when he had asked “Better?”  He thought about the way his skin had tingled where Dean touched his wrist. He could still feel it now, as though Dean had left fingerprints on his skin.
It was Dean’s turn to go all shy, his shoulders hunching as his cheeks flushed and he answered, haltingly, “Uh, hottest night of my life, Cas, ‘n then you, uh, got emotional cuz you needed to… say it.”
“Castiel, sir.” Castiel’s smile was pleasant, but politely confused. “What are you asking, precisely?”
She spoke to the room at large without turning around, the volume of her voice barely needing to increase at all to carry in the dead silence.
Dean stared in shock at Castiel’s hopeful face, trying to figure out how to explain that guy friends just didn’t
Castiel didn’t know how to make any of those things happen again, but they were all perfect and he replayed them over and over to write them permanently to long-term storage in his mind’s growing folder of happy memories. He had a fleeting thought that he was making a lot of happy memories lately, more than he had in a long time, but he immediately shied away from looking at that too closely. It was too dangerous, he didn’t want to fire up any synapses better left undisturbed, didn’t want anything safely suppressed to come tumbling out making trouble right now. This was a good day; let it stay a good day.
afford and chewing his bottom lip absently, worrying about Cas giving up visiting this place he must have loved. Frank watched Dean’s face for a long moment, and then he cleared his throat.
Castiel huffed out an exasperated sigh and the tension broke, Dean grinning up at him and waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
hard not to check out Castiel’s package, to hand him the shirt in his hands, realizing only as Castiel snatched it unsteadily from his fingers that it was the one he’d already worn.
Dean accepted a paper plate with a slice of pizza on it from an eager woman on the sales team and the room returned to a maelstrom of conversation.
Dean nodded his obedience, his hair dripping sweat into his eyes, and he reached to wipe it away and only succeeded in spreading it around. He could feel his orgasm hovering, no less urgent than any of the others - Cas
“In any case, I have no money for other food, Dean. I spent my paycheck this week on a bag for sleeping, and hygiene products, and I am saving what was left over for more clothes. Clothes get so much dirtier than I expected I think having more of them would save money on the laundromat, since several days’ worth could be washed at once. And then I wouldn’t have to wear them damp sometimes, either.”
Dean moaned softly, his hand flying over his mouth in surprise, and Castiel raised an eyebrow. He crooked one finger at Dean in a “come here,” gesture that lifted Dean bodily, as if by magic, first into a sitting position and then on all fours crawling towards Castiel and then kneeling in front of him, still on the mattress at the foot of the bed, their faces even. Castiel lifted his free hand to the back of Dean’s neck in a gentle caress as he leaned forward to press their lips together, a kiss that started tender and ended with Castiel’s hand gripping the back of Dean’s neck cruelly, Castiel’s tongue as far into Dean’s mouth as he could shove it, his body pressing Dean backwards as Dean eagerly melted, until Castiel groaned in anguish and broke it off, adjusting his erection more comfortably in his jeans with a frustrated grimace.
The trash talk grew thick and heated. Sam and Ash fell into a furious rivalry almost immediately that was eventually parlayed into both of them gunning for Anna, ganging up on her until everyone present - including Garth, who had to keep taking breaks for motion sickness - ganged up on Sam and Ash, murdering the everloving bejeezus out of them regardless of team colors, and making an indecipherable mess of the leaderboard.
They came up for air at the same time. Castiel released Dean’s mouth and nose as he slid his mouth up off Dean’s cock, both of them sucking in huge lungfuls of air as Castiel gently slipped his finger out of Dean, deftly flipping the condom inside out and setting it beside the lube packet on the floor before pulling up Dean’s boxer-briefs so nothing would get on his trousers, crawling up Dean’s body to cradle him and to kiss his face and his mouth, their tongues crashing together in fierce need, Dean’s eyelids fluttering and tears running freely down his face as they kissed and kissed and kissed.
before you call a man who is not your father ‘Daddy’. I do not recall having proffered any such invitation, Dean.”
emotion, and he shrugged noncommittally, draining the rest of his fourth or maybe fifth beer - Dean hadn’t thought to count, but now he wished he had - and setting the empty bottle down with obvious regret.
Castiel’s face spread into a slow smirk, his eyes half-lidded, his expression completely devilish when Dean finally looked his way.
“I know,” Dean answered gently. “I’m smarter than I look.” That got at least part of the smile he was hoping for, and he continued softly, only loud enough for Castiel to hear, “I
Castiel didn’t press him, waited silently. His hands twitched reflexively but he did not reach out to touch. After a long moment of silence Dean gulped air and looked back up at Castiel.
He accepted the serving spoon from Dean gravely as Dean handed it off so he could tilt and pour tomatoes, and busied himself spooning lettuce. It was inefficient at best, and he could
Dean surveyed the yawning mouth of the cave through the scrub brush with more trepidation than he was letting on, gripping his machete just a little tighter for comfort.
Dean lifted his eyes to meet Castiel’s gaze, his entire body vibrating with adrenaline and anticipation. Castiel stared at him for several heartbeats, his eyes wide and dark but his face soft for a moment, affectionate. Then his eyes fell to Dean’s mouth, and the fondness on his face was instantly replaced with a snarl of carnal lust, one hand reaching out to cradle Dean’s chin and the other gripping him by the back of the neck as he thrust his hips forward to press his cock against Dean’s parted lips, stretching wide open immediately to accept him.
Castiel’s eyes did not leave the road, but his fingers stilled their drumming on the steering wheel as he hesitated, obviously choosing his words with care.
But Castiel was already seating himself on the edge of the bed, his feet on the floor, and Dean gulped as Castiel looked at him expectantly, Dean's glance helplessly traveling to what Castiel expected him to sit on.
The effect of the honorific on Castiel was viscerally satisfying, despite the fear rolling off Dean in viscous waves. Castiel’s breath hissed out in a groan, his arousal palpable as he fought to retain control of himself, reaching for the lubricant on Dean’s side table with enough adrenaline coursing through his body to make his hands tremble. Castiel read the label, squirted a little dollop out onto his fingertips to feel it and taste it, grimacing, and set the bottle back down without taking more, Dean’s eyes wide as Baby’s hubcaps when Castiel turned back to face him again.
, he thought smugly, grinning to himself, and yet he’d clearly accepted one recently. It must be maddening to wonder what Adonis could finally have turned his head, and Castiel gave in to the urge to preen just a little, arching his back and tilting his head back under the water to expose the column of his throat as he rinsed his hair. He actually heard someone sigh, and he couldn’t resist opening his eyes to raise an eyebrow at the young culprit, showering nearby, who flushed but stood up a little straighter under Castiel’s scrutiny; held his gaze hopefully, biting his lip.
Castiel surged to a sitting position with a groan that sounded like anguish. He reached for a hand towel from the nightstand as he swung his feet out of bed, wiped the worst of the lubricant and ejaculate from his engorged cock with a groan while Dean watched him, eyes wide, holding his breath. Castiel stood up and turned to face Dean then, his eyes raking slowly over Dean's naked flesh, almost all his weight back where it belonged now, acres of freckles still wantonly spattered with the evidence of their pleasure.
Sam and Dean had been watching him carefully, weighing his words against his face, and they now turned to each other to confer silently. An entire conversation passed between them without a word, ending with Sam looking insistently and pleadingly at Dean, who finally shrugged and nodded his assent.
fish!  Dean sat down on the small stone bench and leaned back against the warm stone back - the thing must weigh a
When Castiel leaned down to take Dean’s cock in his mouth his touch was gentle, tender, and he caressed his hands over all the places that had made Dean sigh before, none of the ones that had tickled, every caress a claim. Dean’s chest ached and his eyes welled as Castiel made love to him with his hands and his mouth, and when he climaxed it was gentle, a soft sigh and a flutter of his eyelashes, his orgasm almost painful he was so sore from before.
though, and when he turned the key in the ignition he didn’t press the gas immediately, staring straight ahead and chewing on his lip.
Dean marvelled in sheer admiration as Castiel gasped and started to pant, staring at Dean’s mouth, rocking slowly, almost painfully, against his hip.
. He hadn't believed the excuse Castiel had made. Castiel felt terribly ashamed and immensely gratified at the same time, emotions that played across his face in real time as he struggled to compose himself, looking away from Dean for the first time the entire evening in embarrassment.
It was a pretty great visual, actually, and Dean raised his voice to carry, calling out, “Wait, is that why you picked this color?”
Castiel lifted one hand to cradle Dean’s face in his palm, and Dean was too surprised to move, his flesh rippling with gooseflesh from the touch.
Castiel’s gentle smile was belied by the way his upper lip lifted just enough to reveal a flash of incisors. He tore his gaze away from Dean’s mouth to meet his eyes, seas of black staring into polished jade.
two hours every time, and he’d been getting pretty good at it. There were jeers and general scoffing at this endorsement, and the bartender offered to put twenty bucks on the game himself if the participants would all put in another twenty, and to hold the bet to make it all official and whatnot.
“Just Cas is fine, Dean.” Castiel grinned ferally as he turned past Baby, glittering under a streetlight, into his driveway, the garage door opening automatically to accept Castiel’s Old Lady.
Dean’s eyelashes fluttered in pleasure, and he tilted his face to brush his lips across Castiel’s mouth, nimble fingers unbuttoning and caressing, his finger and thumb closing around Castiel’s nipple just as his lips pressed to Castiel’s mouth, kissing Castiel’s slack lips as Castiel’s breath huffed out in surprise, licking into Cas’s mouth a little as Castiel arched into Dean’s fingers and let out a breathy little moan, his
There was no sound of chairs scraping, no sound at all as she stepped away, returned to her chair and sat down. Castiel scowled at the circle of silent faces, wiping his eyes with the back of his sleeve, as one by one the shock on their faces relaxed into smiles of encouragement and support.
Dean’s body relaxed into the gold leather of his seat, resigned, but his eyes crinkled and his mouth insolently muttered “You’re not the boss of me.”
On Sunday, Castiel woke up with a start to realize it was an hour later than he had intended to sleep in. Ugh, his body was not loving these late nights. He sighed, reached into the nightstand for supplies to take care of his body’s morning demands so he could get his day started and get out for a run. He needed to add several miles to his morning loop after what he’d eaten yesterday and he wasn’t sure if he was expected back out at Dean’s place today or if the boys were coming here to cook a meal, and not knowing was stressful.
Dean didn’t feel like bolting this time, somehow. He slowly shuddered to a stop, reluctantly breaking the kiss to stare down at Castiel’s face. Castiel felt him, his eyes slowly fluttering open, wide with wonder, a slight blue glow still fading from his irises. His scent was just as intoxicating as before but now there was a hint of crisp fall leaves in it, and Dean tried really hard not to be obvious as he sucked in a deep breath and held it for a moment, trying to memorize the way Cas looked right now.
“Come on now,” Castiel defended Dean, his tone mild, “it could easily have been goldfish. Plenty of folks prefer goldfish for a pond this small.” He gazed down at the fish, nosing around the lily pads hunting for crumbs, and murmured softly, “But I believe a man’s reach should exceed his grasp, and that goes for little fishes in small ponds, too. Someday they’ll be big fishes in a small pond, thinking that’s their whole world, and then they’ll take a little trip and have their tiny carp minds
Sam beamed at Dean and Dean waved a hand modestly as Sam continued.  “Dean convinced the cops José and his brother Felipe were our little cousins on our Mom’s side, we’d come down to the big city to visit family - just found a bunch of kids bullying our cousins into shoplifting them some candy bars. Dean made it sound like some sort of lemonade stand fourth-of-july apple pie shit Cas, the cops just didn’t want to rain on his small-town backwoods fool parade.”  Sam grinned proudly at Dean, who accepted this praise as well-deserved, grinning back and smirking at Castiel proudly.
“Of course,” Sam nodded quietly and was in the living room in moments, his headphones on and his laptop in his lap.
He’d dig his teeth into the column of Dean's neck maybe, whisper into Dean’s ear until he moaned, open him up slow and easy so he could finally,
"The Bulls are a great team, Cas, and I’ve got a highlight reel for sure, but I’m not gonna lie they aren’t exactly starting me. I’ve barely been off the bench in so long I’m not sure why they even keep me on the roster. I’ve been an NBA man my whole life, but if you're asking me to play the bases for you…”
Castiel raised both brows at that and answered calmly, “I have a number of skills Dean, most of which you remain completely ignorant of in terms of both scope and prowess...” Dean’s eyes flared wide as Castiel left the implication hanging in the air for a second, then he smiled wickedly and continued, “but if you need your ass handed to you, I assure you I am always prepared to deliver.”
“The pleasure is mine, Dean” Castiel parried smoothly, and he shook Dean’s hand gravely before releasing it. Tentative détente reached, they pretended not to watch each other as Anna fussed, making small talk and making sure to introduce Ash and the rest of the programmers to Dean before the meeting broke up and everyone went back to their desks.
His eyes fluttered open to find Castiel staring at him instead of the screen, and he pretended the frisson of arousal tickling low in his gut was for the blonde getting railed on TV, and had nothing to do with the weight of Castiel’s glance, following his hands with interest as he pulled his tee shirt over his head and dropped it on the bed, subtly checking his pits on the way by.
Castiel smiled, fetched the pie to the table, and then, to Sam’s visible delight, pulled a pint of Ben & Jerry’s Vanilla ice cream from his freezer with a flourish.
I know I’m not supposed to - I shouldn’t even ask, but…” She looked up at him, her face hopeful. “May I, just this once, not as your counselor, but just as myself, may I hug you?”
,” and Dean straight up moaned, immediately covering his mouth with his hand in surprise to hear the sound he had made.
Brandon grinned, and scribbled a number on Castiel’s receipt anyway before handing it over, beaming.
Maybe he could make flyers, score some direct calls to his extension, and score some sweet direct call
Zachariah nodded his satisfaction and waved his hand at them in dismissal, and the two of them nodded and exited. Castiel followed Dean to his office this time so they could step inside, shut the door, and Dean could sag in relief, his breath huffing out like he’d been holding it the entire time.
“No, that’s not all,” he whispered, shaking his head. “I need…I need you to tell me you’re mine, Dean,” he pleaded, “
Castiel’s serious expression didn’t change, but he blinked slowly, his eyes crinkling at the corners as he answered,
The water-damaged placard hanging inside the door said OPEN, but no one appeared to be around as Dean pulled the door open and stepped into the warm humidity of the greenhouse, his feet crunching pleasantly on pea gravel as he did a slow 360, whistling through his teeth. This place wasn’t laid out like the others had been, with their rows and tables of flowers in standard pots with clearly marked prices and care tags. This place was a riot of color, with wildly colorful plants in all different bright colors of ceramic pots hanging from the ceiling and walls and in several dozen cases from each other. Dean could barely move for cascading plants in the way and he threaded his way carefully between them, trying desperately not to bump into anything while trying to read the labels, which were barely legible hand-scrawled copper tags with genus and species only;  no common names, no care instructions, no prices.
“Aww, shit,” Dean exclaimed, “We don’t have any guest towels Cas, I’m sorry. Dish towels okay?” He shuffled his feet dejectedly. Castiel reached into his gym bag, grinning triumphantly, to produce his own towel with a flourish. “BYOT,” he intoned, snapping his towel towards Dean, carefully stopping the snap several inches short of actually connecting with Dean’s dripping anything.
Castiel turned away to pick up his shirt again, pausing as Dean cleared his throat nervously, obviously struggling to say more.
.” Dean shuddered as he said it, his eyes dark and his lips wet, no hint of disrespect or humor in his voice. His deference was real, and Castiel found it utterly intoxicating.
Castiel shook his head gently at Zachariah, the deferential but quietly amused smile playing over his lips absolutely in no way impolite, yet somehow still communicating in no uncertain terms what a terribly ignorant suggestion this was. “I’m sorry, it doesn’t work that way, sir. I need to understand the problem at a fundamental level and in order to do that I need to ask my own questions when a potential customer asks for a new feature. Dean has been doing an exemplary job with bringing on new clients, sir, but - “ Dean winced “ - the first chain was added during my absence and the codebase needs a little work to handle scaling up to six locations. I need to reassess several of my database tables for that sir, and the best way for me to do that without making any decisions that will have to be completely reworked six months or a year down the road - at considerable time and expense - is to be able to ask any questions that come to my mind during the initial sales meetings, precisely at the very moment the first client with six locations makes their needs known.”
Castiel’s head tilted, his face completely serious as he lifted Dean all the way off his cock, separating their bodies for the first time since they’d started fucking an eternity ago, staring at him as Dean instantly teared up from the loss, his begging ratcheting up a notch.
Dean gulped, nodding. “Um... uh, you would, uh... catch me.” He flushed even darker, his breath coming in gasps now, the embarrassment both mortifying, and to his shame, intensely arousing.
Castiel shook his head, smiling to himself and moving smoothly back to his spot in front of the stove, Dean could see him out of the corner of his eye. So he didn’t
to work here in May this year after - after stepping away briefly for a personal matter. I was one of the first hires from the day the company started, sir.  Five years ago, sir, from the Spring of ‘97, until September of 2001.”
Castiel’s hand on his back was solid and warm, and Dean concentrated on that and the sound of Castiel’s voice, his eyes tightly shut, as he fought for control.
“Why aren’t you more hungover?” Castiel demanded playfully, an echo of Dean last night. Sam snorted but Dean winked and grinned at Castiel, carrying his mug to the table to pull up a chair and growing visibly excited to discover the giant carton of doughnuts waiting.
Castiel carefully did not admire the utterly charming bow in Dean’s legs from this angle as they protruded from under the car, his face a study in confusion again now that Dean couldn’t see him. He hadn’t been on anyone’s ‘watch’ in longer than he could remember, and Dean’s offhand remark had him feeling things he could not name; sadness he knew, the familiar wistful longing an old friend he had long ignored, but something else, too. Something nice.
Dean’s mouth fell open as Castiel continued, desperately filling the silence, “I awoke with a pounding headache and without my customary morning tumescence for the first time in many years so I suppose I projected a similar state onto you.
Dean looked from one to the other of them in confusion but they were so pleased with each other he didn’t want to intrude, so he figured he’d ask Sam later, stepping around the two of them to check out the side of the garden Sam had been hanging out in. There wasn’t just a stone bench, there was a tiny
. I’m going to do that first I’ll be right back.” Dean disappeared out the front door in his sock feet, pulling his shoes on as the door shut behind him, and Castiel and Sam shared a glance - Castiel delighted, Sam nodding and grinning an “I told you so” grin, and both of them going all nonchalant as Dean breathlessly pushed back through the door, kicking off his shoes and rushing over like Castiel might revoke his permission at any moment.
Castiel looked up from the saucepan he was whisking with a fork, his rapidly circling hand slowing as he turned his attention to Dean. “I beg your pardon?”
That actually got a snort from Zachariah and a bit of a smile as he stared at Castiel calculatingly. “I feel you there,” he muttered. He steepled his fingers for a moment, considering the men standing at attention in front of him.
Castiel fired up his Old Lady and pulled out his phone just in case. Despite it being well past seven, there was no text from Dean, but Castiel shoved his phone and his disappointment back into his pocket to think about their weekend together instead, smiling as he pulled away from the curb; not even sure where to start there were such riches to treasure.
“Should we order something for dinner?” Castiel asked. “My treat. We need to study and you can’t cook and study Dean… “ he mused almost to himself “I could eat ten more of those... “ then added, conversationally, “Pizza? Got a phone book?”
this felt, his breath shuddering out in a rush as he fought himself, trying to find the strength to say no.
Dean had no idea how many times he’d been lifted and pulled down again on Castiel’s cock, time didn’t seem to be moving right and he’d lost count of how many orgasms Castiel had wrung from his body, a sheen of sweat covering him everywhere but where Castiel’s hand was gripping him, one thumb in his armpit and Castiel’s fingers gripping his shoulder blade giving Castiel all the purchase he needed to move Dean at whatever pace he wanted, his other hand currently splayed over Dean’s chest, feeling his heartbeat.
”  Castiel’s expression was incredulous now, glancing down at his body and then back at Dean to whine plaintively, “Then why did you let me put all these clothes back on?”
Dean growled and panted into his phone as Castiel’s noises tipped him over the edge that had been eluding his worn out dick for the last twenty minutes on his own, enjoying the comfortable silence that stretched out between them as he listened to Castiel’s heavy breathing ebb and flow into a contented sigh.
He dropped his plate and fork on the table and dialed Dean’s number, but it went to voicemail. He didn’t leave a message, dialed again -
Dean leaned forward to trail his hand in the water, and gasped out loud as he was rewarded with tiny nibbles on his fingertips. He heard footsteps crunching over to him and smiled up at Castiel, who
Dean demonstrated, slowly sliding his hand up his cock again, gulping at how much better that felt than usual, trying to hide how turned on he was as some sort of point of pride, like if he could keep his cool this wouldn’t be weird.
“Some of the guys called it pre-battle jitters,” Castiel offered gravely, “Although I’m not sure that quite applies here - ”
Dean studied Castiel’s face, the opportunity to stare with impunity impossible to pass up. Cas looked so much younger asleep - not that he looked old, Dean thought reflexively, refusing to impugn Cas even in his mind, but… there was an innocence to him now, so much less pain written on his forehead and around his softly closed eyes. Dean pushed past the good part of their time in the parking garage, examined the slides that followed, clicking through them like he had on the red plastic Viewmaster 3D Sam had played with as a child, each memory burned as a still image in the round cardboard reel of his mind’s eye. He thought about the look that had flashed over Castiel’s face when the asshole in the truck they hadn’t noticed was occupied had rolled down his window and yelled, “Get a room, faggots!” The pain and shame he’d seen there for a split second, and the way Castiel’s eyes had flicked, terrified, to Dean’s face, to see if he would change his mind now. The way Castiel’s teeth had bitten his lip to blood and he had shrunk into himself, cold air between them now where there had been a wall of heat before.
That last was directed at Castiel, asked as the child heaved his burden into Castiel’s completely off-guard arms, and he struggled to catch it without dragging any of it on the ground.
Sam was already texting in their order, perched backwards in a kitchen chair facing the couch. “Just say we’ll take any sides she’s making, enough for three.” Dean instructed, and Sam furiously thumb typed that in as well.  He stared at his phone, willing it to buzz, until a response came in.
Dean grinned at Castiel ruefully, pulling on his suit coat to hide his freshly stained pits. He raised a hand towards Castiel.
Castiel stepped out of the bathroom wrapped in his own towel, to stare at Dean evenly, his hair somehow not damp at all.
Anna snorted and punched him again and he gallantly pretended it hurt, climbed out of her miniature car to walk her to her cubicle and pull out her chair like a gentleman, and returned to his cubicle almost not disappointed he wouldn’t see Dean today, either.
Dean trailed Castiel and Sam into the living room, their shoes clutched in their hands. Castiel had taken his off so they had too, but you obviously needed shoes to look at a
Castiel could not hide the quaver in his voice, and Dean reached for his friend’s shoulder as Cas pulled himself unsteadily to his feet, rolling his eyes just a tiny bit in Castiel’s direction and smiling goodbye at their waitress on their way past, steering Castiel unobtrusively through the crowd and out the door, before answering him over the hood of his Baby like their evening had begun.
Dean swallowed hard, pulled on his jacket, and grabbed his laptop bag to make his own hasty exit behind Anna, thanking Castiel over his shoulder for a wonderful evening and bolting to wait in Baby while Sam collected the rest of his crap and joined him a minute or so behind, too jazzed about the evening to notice if Dean was acting a little strange.
The boys were already out the door as Castiel got to his feet to trail after them, exclaiming in turn “What do you mean Pimpmobile?” affronted, and then “What do you mean IN PIECES???” in alarm.
Stephen nodded slowly, his face reluctant. “The guys in my unit made fun of soldiers who needed meds. Called them pussies or pansies…” his voice trailed off, wincing, but Castiel wasn’t offended, just cocked his head pensively.
Dean’s bark of laughter was very loud in the quiet hallway, and he covered his mouth self-consciously as he scrambled to catch up with Castiel, long strides carrying him away at a rapid clip towards the stairwell.
“Right, of course,” Sam interjected, grinning. “You were showing off for Cas, weren’t you. Was he impressed?”
Dean had never hated anyone more in his life. Not Zeke for making him kick Cas out of the bunker, not Lucifer for fucking with Sam, not even Yellow Eyes. He hated them all
Dean’s smile shone brighter than Baby’s headlights. “Fuck yeah he was Sammy, you should have seen him.”
good Dean,” Dean’s eyes welled with pleasure, tears trickling unheeded as he gazed up at Castiel in worship; Castiel’s hooded eyes darkening with pleasure the most exquisitely gorgeous thing he had ever witnessed.
Dean was stunned silent, his mind churning, reevaluating every interaction, every moment he could ever remember spending with Cas.
“At the BAR?” Sam was practically apoplectic, and Castiel decided not to admit they went to their work gym.
“About that. Until the semester’s over and Sam has completed my course it’s not really ethical for you and I to begin a relationsh -”
“Good. Set up a new meeting with the six-location client and take Castiel to have a chat with them before you let them sign that contract. I want him to take a look at any new features before we agree to provide them. Castiel, I want you to let me know if anything looks like it’s going to involve ‘considerable time or expense’ before we agree to a delivery date. Capice?”
Dean turned dreamily to do as he was told, followed Castiel obediently downstairs, got into his car, put on his seatbelt only after being instructed to. Castiel drove them towards Stanford, holding Dean’s hand as Dean leaned against him, only letting go to reach up to caress his hair now and then. He demanded directions as they got closer and Dean gave them, his voice and his eyes far away.
Castiel, it turned out, was incredible. He was fast, he was agile, and he could sink a shot from practically mid-court. The third time Castiel dribbled low and feinted around Sam to pass to Dean for a successful layup Sam threw up his hands in exasperation and cried foul. “We have to split those assholes up!” Sam hollered in frustration, “Pit them against each other! I’m out!”  There was general frustrated agreement as Sam repaired to his gatorade in disgust, throwing Castiel’s shirt to him in a wad. Castiel looked to Big Man, who was watching from the shade of the concrete balcony. Big Man nodded his permission for this changeup and strode back onto the court to replace Castiel on team Skins while Castiel dragged his erstwhile clean shirt down over his dripping torso.
The knock at the door startled Castiel but neither Sam nor Dean even looked up. Dean just hollered “It’s open!” and José shoved the door open to breathlessly deliver a message.
“You’re in love with him, Dean,” Sam explained gently, after watching him carefully for god knew how long. “I thought you knew.”
Castiel was puzzled for a second until he had the horrifying realization that Dean meant “Better than last week?”
“Good. I know you don’t have a lot of practice at this so I’ll be quick, but I am going to fuck your throat. Take a deep breath now - ” he waited while Dean complied - “and then swallow when I touch your shoulder. Tap my thigh when you need a breath, understand?
Castiel had his trousers on and was reaching for his shirt by the time Dean worked up the courage to ask, his face still red and hot, wincing with embarrassment as he looked up to catch Castiel’s eye.
A very long moment passed until Dean could form words, and when he did speak his voice was almost as strained as his cock against the seam of his jeans.
Castiel’s answering smile was so bright everything else suddenly seemed like it always had been and now always would be sepia toned by comparison, and Dean forgot he had been laughing to stare up at him in awe.
Dean shook his head slowly.  “No.” he said. “Those were my new coworkers, people I expected to see again. I was just being friendly.”  He shrugged, looked a little hurt. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter.”
.” Dean moaned softly, his cock twitching in response but his hands obediently laying perfectly still on his thighs, the bottle of lubricant tightly clenched in his fist, and Castiel’s eyes widened with shocked incredulity, gaping down at Dean with wonder at the
, his cock felt huge it was going to rip him apart he just knew it and Dean couldn't help tensing in terror but Castiel paused, soft fingers petting him, soothing him, the stretch was burning but it didn't hurt, exactly, Dean's nerve endings clanging confused alarms until Castiel broke the kiss to whisper into Dean’s ear, his breath igniting a trail of gooseflesh that started at Dean’s ear and rippled in waves down his spine.
Castiel laughed out loud; managed to eat about a third of his sandwich, chewing slowly and methodically, by the time she was done. He reached into her bag of chips to snake a chip and she laughed and handed him the bag.
Dean shuddered, his eyelids fluttering as Castiel slowed the hand still stroking Dean’s cock and squeezed instead, hard.
“I didn’t brush my teeth,” Dean had whispered shyly, “because you wanted to taste the pie...” and Cas had beamed at him.
on Sam’s side, grinning at Dean’s sheepish smile, throwing the covers back and eagerly climbing onto the bed, rolling onto his back, slipping his boxers off while Dean rooted around in his duffel for something, Dean unable to conceal his surprise and discomfort at the size and extremely
. Okay you can let go, thanks Cas.”  Castiel stepped away as Dean poked and prodded and fiddled and cursed and fiddled some more.  Castiel wasn’t sure if he should keep watching but he couldn’t help himself, Dean’s concentration and satisfaction as he bent the machine to his will utterly mesmerizing. Dean blindly reached for the face plate on the floor behind him with one hand holding everything in position, and Castiel smoothly stepped up to retrieve it on the floor just past Dean’s reach, pressed it into his hand, ignoring the tingle where their fingers touched and picking up the screws as well, handing them to Dean one by one as he reassembled the mechanism.
the Castiel whose hands had trembled trying to undo his own zipper on Saturday, and Dean’s entire body vibrated with fierce joy and desperate need as he parted his lips without hesitation to accept Castiel’s thick cock, pressing insistently into his mouth, his musk strong and heady, the hand Castiel had been using to guide his cock moving to grip the back of Dean’s head as soon as he shoved past Dean’s lips. Castiel’s eyes were dark, his face was fierce, and he stared into Dean’s eyes with such intensity as he pushed his cock into Dean’s mouth that Dean blushed and broke eye contact, casting his eyes down in deference, his hands uncertainly curling and uncurling on his own thighs.
? Maybe the locker room, no one’s ever there since they auctioned off the equipment, even when I was using it after you first started working…”
“Fuuuck, Cas,” he groaned,  “I don’t know how you didn’t murder me, I’ve been fucking this up soooo bad.”
father to Sam?  Castiel felt a creeping shame for doubting Dean’s motives. He chided himself for mentally casting aspersions on Dean’s loyalty to the imaginary lover he had assigned to that second bed. He watched the brothers finishing their horrible beers and arguing over whether Sam should have gone to dinner with the study group - “It was an expensive place, Dean!”  “You have to fit in, Sam!” - and when the decision came to him he did not hesitate.
Castiel nodded, his pupils huge, his lips parting slowly so his tongue could dart out to moisten them, Dean’s lips parting in an unconscious mirror of the man below him as Castiel found his words.
“Why?” asked Sam. “Why would you help us pull a con? You don’t owe us anything and it puts you at risk.”
Castiel snorted, managed to heave himself halfway up on one elbow but collapsed onto his back again under Dean’s partial weight. Dean grinned, stroked his thumb along Castiel’s lower lip, shuddering with an aftershock of desire as Castiel’s lips parted.
Mood: Heated, Castiel getting bolder, a few exploratory bdsm growing pains but overall excellent success.
“Don’t. They always travel in packs,” he muttered, reaching around Dean to unlock the car, so Dean settled for yelling, “FUCK YOU, ASSHOLE, WE’VE GOT ONE!” as he circled the car to get into the passenger side, Castiel already inside starting his beast. It was a lame comeback and Dean could think of a dozen better ones right now, his mind swirling with impotent rage that he had been unable to protect Cas better and unsure what he could have done differently.
Dean let out a slow, shuddering breath, and he leaned in closer so his lips were almost touching Castiel’s, so he could taste Castiel’s breath when he inhaled, the taste of him heady and fresh, like ozone in the air after a summer rain, just when the fireflies were coming out.
Castiel was completely silent, not even breathing, and Dean went for broke, his voice husky and cracking again as he forced the words out.
Castiel turned away, a tangle of emotion playing across his face as he crossed the kitchen to collect his keys and slip on his shoes again, bouncing lightly down his front steps to press the remote and duck under the garage door as it finished loudly clattering its way up the tracks and across the ceiling of his garage. His face was perfectly composed as he turned to ask if Dean needed anything, nodded and found him a large piece of cardboard in the recycling. He watched, rapt, as Dean slipped on safety goggles from inside his toolbox, collected a flashlight and a wrench and the new hose and slid halfway under Castiel’s Old lady.
Whatever Castiel was searching for in Dean’s face, he apparently found it, because he nodded, satisfied, and returned his attention to the road. The winding traffic hydra chose that moment to extend a neck and they were moving again, part of the unpredictable creature winding its way through the streets of San José.
Dean’s garbled cry of astonishment rapidly became a crescendo of desperate groans as Castiel moaned around his cock, sliding his throat up and down
pinned to a chair suddenly bright and glowing and beautiful. “What ARE YOU?” He demanded. It reminded him of Castiel’s smile. As he thought of Castiel’s smile the thing grew too bright to look at, suffusing him with the feeling of soft warm victory he felt on those rare occasions he could make Cas laugh.
Dean balled up his crust and squeezed off about two-thirds of the mass, floured a little circle on the counter and plopped the ball of dough there. He crossed over to the recycling which was just past the stove, Castiel fluidly stepping out of his way while continuing to stir the roux at arm’s length. Dean stood up holding the wine bottle, stepped into Castiel’s space to hip check him ever-so-gently and then step back to the sink, grinning.
Alejandro’s eyes raked over Castiel’s bare chest, lingered along the line of his obliques, followed the curve of them down to dip south, then slowly traveled back up to Castiel’s face. He raised both eyebrows appreciatively, yes, yes he did. Castiel snorted slightly in response, smirking. Dean was standing beside him so Castiel missed Dean’s glance following Alejandro’s, Dean’s subsequent fleeting frown, but Alex read it loud and clear. He threw his hands up in surrender, grinning.
to be with him again, Dean knew in that moment he would give Castiel absolutely anything he decided to take.
Castiel’s intake of breath sounded utterly delighted, and Dean desperately hoped he was reading all this right.
Castiel’s stomach chose that moment to make an audible growling noise, and Dean knew he’d chosen wisely as he signaled the turn and pulled into the roadhouse's parking lot, already hopping with a dozen cars and a row of bikes outside.
” He kissed the top of her head and she shoved him away, danced her way back around the corner while they watched her go, turned to look at each other.
Hadn’t Castiel said he wasn’t gay when they’d had lunch before Thanksgiving? Dean pored over his recollection of the conversation carefully. Cas had asked if he minded being taken for a gay couple and he’d brushed it off, asked if Cas minded. There had been that pause when he thought Cas was going to be upset with him for letting the waitress slide with her assumption… and then Cas had said he wasn’t uncomfortable, that he was… used to it, just... usually by himself. Dean examined the memory from every angle but Castiel had never actually denied that he was gay, nor had he confirmed that he was straight. He had just… let Dean believe what he wanted to. Dean winced. If Cas
“Dean.”  Dean’s eyes flew open, searching Castiel’s face.  “I want you to come by your own hand, right now, while I watch.”
Castiel found himself staring at Dean’s face, studying the curve of his cheeks, the way his eyelashes caught the light. Anna touched Dean’s sleeve and Castiel heard Anna say “Dean, I’d like to introduce you to Castiel Novak, one of our best programmers and a good friend of mine. Castiel, Dean Winchester.” Castiel had a moment to wonder how Anna already knew Dean on a first-name basis, and then Dean was turning his benevolent gaze away from the groupies to focus his full attention on Castiel’s face, and Castiel found himself being studied in return.
I write so I can sleep. I *share* for the book club comments & discussion, and when there aren't any, I take it super personally. Yes I'm needy and whiny, we know this about me. I don't want to quit, and I super want to assume you don't want me to quit, so this week I'm publishing one chapter, and I'll push out the second (steamy) one once I feel seen. There are half a dozen of you that are so goddamn good about it when your schedules allow, I promise this isn't about you. This is about the silent everyone else. If you appreciate the work I do, please don't be a cricket. I need you to make a noise out in that great big abyss I toss my humanity into, so I don't feel alone in the dark. Think of this like live music. I fought through the stage fright, played a brand new song for you, you'd clap or yell "woo," right? You wouldn't leave me up there to dead silence - or dear god I hope not. If you are too shy or don't know what to say, even picking a line you resonated with to quote or a thumbs up or something like that helps. If you don't want a public comment DM me on twitter, that totally counts! I get that it's vulnerable commenting. It's hard for me to overstate how vulnerable it is for me to put this raw shit out there and feel like no one cares.
Castiel never touched him. Even if sometimes Dean could feel the weight of Castiel's glance curl around his chest like a physical caress. Dean shivered a little at the sense memory, and thought hard. Beyond those first panic attacks, Dean could not remember a single instance where Castiel had ever been the one to reach out, ever touched his arm or his shoulder, ever stepped into his personal space. On those few occasions Dean had hugged Cas to offer comfort, Cas didn't really even hug back.
There was a head shot of the new hire attached. Oh. OH. Mystery solved. The guy looked like a model. Striking green eyes, full lips, cheekbones to die for, perfect hair, and that smile. Christ, he could probably sell condoms at a convent.  Castiel rolled his eyes. If he were fifteen years younger and still innocent he would have been inexorably drawn to that face, beat his wings against that flame until he burned alive, falling to join the inevitable drifts of other moth corpses in their waxy shrouds at the foot of that candle.  Ah well. He sighed and deleted the email just as his Team Lead Anna popped her head into his cubicle.
Castiel gasped, his pupils flaring wide, and Dean’s heart started to pound in his ears as he felt Castiel’s cock swell against his thigh, but Castiel made no move to do anything about it, so Dean waited patiently, watching his face.
Sam’s demand to know what was so funny got a firm headshake, but Dean grinned at him to soften the blow, and Sam’s little smile as he bent back over his homework said Dean was forgiven.
, he was going to have to be more careful. This was untenable, his thirst for Dean had only increased since he'd set foot in the bar. He needed air, distance.
we are so sick of each other you can’t even imagine. The motel we’ve been holed up in the last week on that ghoul thing -
There was a chorus of hoots and hollers and Dean shook his head, grinning saucily at Alex and rolling his eyes at the nickname he could not escape, then looking at Castiel. His face implored Castiel to say yes, his eyes wide and urgent despite the smile still on his lips. This was important. Castiel sighed, gave Dean the slightest nod, then answered loudly enough to carry.
Castiel shook his head as he stripped himself and then the bed, tossing the soiled clothes and sheets in the hamper. He was going to need to buy several more sets of sheets and quite a few more hand towels, at this rate.
, he let go immediately as he felt his orgasm tip dangerously close, held his breath waiting for the wave to pass. He held it back, barely, and elected to rest both his hands safely beside himself on the bed.
“I’m sorry Castiel, that’s just the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard.” Castiel smiled at her, shaking his head with the barest hint of an eyeroll as she waved her hand dismissively. “Go on, get home to your man.”
If you are reading as a WIP - and bless you if you are, I treasure you so much - this week's release (7/23/2021), is two short chapters including this one and the next and ends in a cliffhanger. Not a terrible one, frustration and angst though, so if you don't want to sit with Dean's frustration and angst for a week maybe hang back 'til next week. It's just such a perfect cliffhanger! :-D
Cas, and it would be really nice to skip all the worrying for once and jump straight to the ease. He shook his head and went for broke.
, falling over himself to get out of bed and on his knees at Castiel's feet as fast as he could move, eyes wide and his cock finally rekindling it’s interest as the adrenaline pulsed in his veins and his heart roared like surf in his ears. He instinctively set his hands on his knees and bowed his head, and Castiel did not scold him for not making eye contact, his voice firm but gentle when he levied his next demand.
“I can help. I can train you on the software, Dean, so you can do the training for the … sexually assaulting client. If you want.  And… I could go with you. We used to send a software team member out with the sales team all the time before we downsized, and six locations adds complications to the customer portal. It would be completely reasonable for me to request to go with you.  Or, I can report them to HR and you won't get fired for refusing. ”
Castiel smiled politely. “The logical puzzle of storing and manipulating information efficiently and elegantly is something I enjoy, sir. Personnel management does not interest me in the slightest.”
Castiel was already out of his shirt, struggling, now, with his pants, and Dean watched helplessly as Castiel got himself down to boxer briefs and eagerly crossed the space between them, bare feet padding across the faded linoleum, his arms outstretched.
“I didn’t mean to let this night end,” Castiel whispered back, and Dean smiled down at him, his face glowing in the soft light.
“Gross!” Sam exclaimed, but the distraction worked. Castiel headed into the bathroom with his towel and gym bag in tow and Sam did not have a chance to pry further.
Dean nodded mutely, followed Frank as he expertly wove through the hanging baskets and let Dean out the front door to roar away in Baby, his wallet empty, his heart troubled, and his tires spinning gravel.
Castiel accepted the remaining half-packet of lube Dean handed him, squeezing the rest of the packet into his hand and making a face at the sensation.
“It’s not too early. Fuck the rules, Cas, those are for chick flicks. You can call me anytime you want, any hour of the day or night. I’ve been thinking about you
The drawer had a plastic organizer and a really thoughtful selection of crap a guest could need, like Dean had occasionally seen in a basket in the bathroom at weddings, although this one was better stocked. There were tissues and single-serve packets of medicine choices - advil, antacids, benadryl and the like - he grabbed the tissues and a packet of advil  - and a set of nail clippers and various feminine hygiene products and a small bottle of hand lotion and another of hand sanitizer. He reached for the hand lotion too but wait
Dean blushed absolutely crimson, nevertheless opening his mouth to accept the now ridiculously suggestive end of the fork that had heretofore been an innocent piece of apple pie. He shuddered as he closed his lips over the fork, Castiel never breaking eye contact as he slowly pulled the fork out of Dean’s closed mouth, set it on the table.
As Castiel struggled to find a way to ask that wouldn't be insulting, a car roared below them in the street, turned off, and a car door slammed.
“Sorry. Those headphones weren’t cheap, Sammy, and I have to replace the food money that I used to buy them. I’ll get a headset as soon as I can, and lock myself in the bathroom for as long as I can stand it until then, but I guess that means your ears are doing time ‘til at
“I know I suck at finding the words you need to hear, Cas,” he whispered, “but I will show you every day.”  He kissed Castiel’s cheeks now, where the salt was escaping. “Come on, let’s brush our teeth in case you try to kiss me in the morning. You’re insatiable.”
By the time he regretted pressing send it it was too late, and he pushed his phone away angry with himself for his weakness, jumped out of his skin when it vibrated.
It had taken Dean several seconds to register what had happened, and the fury that had twisted his stomach at seeing Castiel’s reaction was still simmering in his veins. He had been ready to kill the bigot, hands curled into fists as he turned with his nostrils flared, but Castiel’s hand on his arm had stopped him.
Castiel nodded his approval. “Very good, Dean.”  He turned on his heel and strode out of the bedroom without looking back, shutting the door firmly behind him.
Dean squeezed his thighs together and earned a surprised yelp. He grinned and relaxed, fought inertia and ignored the mess to flip himself over so he could look Castiel in the eyes.
“Do you get these a lot?” Castiel asked, his voice so gentle that Dean’s shoulders unhunched a fraction of an inch. His hands dropped to his lap palms up. Dean’s glance dropped to study the palms of his hands absently, chewing his bottom lip, before finally meeting Castiel’s eyes.
Castiel still looked confused, so Sam chimed in. “Cas, this whole neighborhood is off-limits for anyone that doesn’t have Big Man’s permission to do business here. It’s complicated as hell to keep track of who is working what nights so José draws us a little cheat-sheet each week of who is doing food deliveries from their jobs when and we basically pay him allowance to keep us in the know.  I think his Mom or his brother helps but he won’t admit it and Felipe hasn’t demanded a cut, at least not that we know of.”
Castiel growled his approval and started to groan in earnest, his vocalizations coming faster and faster with his breath until he came with a guttural shout, his body still completely motionless as Dean swallowed and swallowed until Castiel’s hand caressed the side of his face, then Dean reluctantly slid his mouth off Castiel’s cock, his eyes lifting to meet Castiel’s hooded gaze.
Castiel stepped out of the bathroom still drying himself with a towel, his face tired and unhappy. He did not look relaxed at all, and Dean couldn’t stop his eyes from flicking down and then back up, Castiel’s predicament clearly still in full effect.
Castiel’s breath whispered over the end of Dean’s cock again as he begged, leaning in close, his hand hypnotically rising and falling, and Dean lost his fight, reluctantly nodding his permission as his eyes fluttered shut in embarrassment, then flew open again in shock as the searing heat of Castiel’s mouth sank down over the head of his cock and just… kept going, swallowing him down and down, until he was fucking Castiel’s throat, everything surreal now, this impossible thing happening, Castiel’s eagerness more arousing than any level of competence Dean had ever experienced, Castiel's obvious relish utterly incendiary.
per se, it just felt really big, and that wasn’t a bad thing by itself, and Dean further admitted to himself that Castiel’s heat stretching him so wide felt
Castiel choked on his beer, and Dean watched him completely unsympathetically, grinning smugly while Castiel coughed into a bar napkin to clear his windpipe.
The room was straight out of the seventies, looked like it hadn’t been updated since. It was surprisingly spacious - hideous olive everything, a kitchenette with a wheezing refrigerator and what looked like a much newer microwave on the faded formica counter, kitchen table with two chairs occupying most of the floorspace in the kitchenette area, a faded, mustard brown couch along the opposite wall with a clock Castiel actually found appealing wall-mounted over it - one of those atomic clocks from the fifties, the second hand still dutifully ticking. An art deco style room divider screen contraption was currently being repurposed on one side as a suit rack with bent wire hooks jury-rigged through the wrought iron and glass.
“Castiel is fine, Dean.” Castiel’s eyes twinkled with mirth, and Dean actually spit himself a little and had to wipe his mouth with the back of his sleeve, still snickering.
“You don’t mind?”  Dean grinned sheepishly.  “I get that this is weird but I reaaally want to say yes.”
Dean wasn’t satisfied, his teeth worrying his bottom lip. He was silent for what felt like a long time, staring at Castiel, before he spoke again.
“I will wait as long as you need me to, Dean,” he said finally. “But when you are ready, on a clear night, you will drive us out to the desert in your Baby, and when you have chosen the place you wish to scream my name I will fuck you over her glistening hood under the stars until you weep for mercy, and only then will I let you come, with my name on your lips and my cock splitting you open, Dean, possessing you how no man ever has, and only I ever will.”
Castiel licked a long stripe up the underside of Dean’s cock, making him buck and whimper for more while he stroked Dean’s perineum gently, cupping his balls in the palm of his hand, stroking his lubed finger a little further back with each caress. Dean’s whole body tensed, but Castiel was patient, slowly stroking back and forth without penetrating until Dean relaxed into it, his whimpering intensifying into little groans as Castiel lapped at his cock, popping the head into his mouth every few seconds to tease and then going back to infuriating long flat tongue strokes that stoked Dean’s tension but did nothing to work towards his release. Castiel started pressing against Dean’s entrance just a little as he caressed back and forth with his finger, and when Dean started rocking up a little into Castiel’s downstroke, started to buck his hips and bear down onto the escaping finger, Castiel splayed his free arm across Dean’s stomach and swallowed Dean’s cock into his throat in one quick motion, holding him completely still by force.
When Castiel pulled into the horseshoe on Saturday, the noonday sun baking the air above the concrete and asphalt into shimmering waves of heat, he was surprised to discover half of it was now a basketball court. Two full teams were battling for supremacy on the court with a small crowd of onlookers, mostly women and children, cheering and shouting. Castiel pulled up in the first available slot that wasn’t part of the de facto game court and joined the crowd of onlookers, coming to stand next to Alejandro, who was icing a swollen knee. Alex grinned wildly at Castiel and then returned to hollering, “Foul him, Manuel! Kick Blanquito’s asssssss!”
Dean’s forehead was beading sweat with the effort of giving Cas more than three seconds, and his voice wasn’t a whisper anymore, now it really was a growl, his pheromones rich and heady and completely undetectable to him, even as their effect on Castiel took hold and Castiel began to pant in earnest.
Castiel didn’t answer this time, either, he just stared straight ahead out the windshield, his face mournful, and Dean gave up. He shifted Baby into drive, and pulled away from the curb, in the opposite direction of the Gas ‘n Sip, waiting to see if Cas would say anything.
Castiel held Dean tightly, whispering to him gently until the sobs racking his body eased. As Dean hiccuped and quieted, his breathing slowing as he finally relaxed into Castiel’s embrace, Castiel blew out a long breath with a shudder, sucked in another, and whispered, “
Castiel nodded at Sam, momentarily speechless as puzzle pieces clicked into place in his mind. Sam relaxed at Dean’s indication he could be trusted, nodded at him, and returned his full attention to Dean.
“Okay, whenever you’re ready Dean. Sam thinks it’s time to start pies.” Castiel spoke calmly, completely unaware of Dean’s predicament, his voice curling around and through Dean as Dean lay perfectly still on his back, his spent cock in his hand, aftershocks of pleasure making him tremble.
"In any case, I thought Nora and I were going to eat dinner together, so I didn’t eat the expired hot dogs tonight, which I now greatly regret.”
“Yes. I always felt a certain peace, or contentment, perhaps, looking at your soul, but even though I can’t see your soul anymore, observing your body is still pleasurable. Looking at you makes me feel... good. You are a beautiful human, Dean. Will you please take off your jeans, so I can see the rest of you?”
Castiel stared at Dean, his face transitioning from vaguely annoyed to disconcerted. “I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings. Do you mean to say that you weren’t laying on a thick layer of intentional charm when Zachariah brought you out to parade you like his prize racehorse and you went around the room shaking hands with everyone?”
Castiel snorted, his eyes dark, and nodded. His eyes dropped to Dean’s mouth and Dean licked his lips and shook his head reluctantly, his breath hitching. “In a minute,” he whispered, his voice husky.
The counseling session was unrecoverable after that, their mysterious and completely private Castiel was IN LOVE, and by the most astute powers of deduction, had probably gotten IT ON
Castiel twisted his hand in Dean's hair, and Dean whimpered as Castiel's lips met his flesh, the hot breath of the predator raising all the hairs on Dean’s body, Castiel’s teeth barely grazing the vein in Dean’s neck, but his lips and tongue observing no such restraint, sucking and licking bruises to Dean’s skin as Dean writhed and moaned, his fists clenching knots into his sheets, his back desperately arching towards Castiel to no avail with truly unfair levels of sheer
Sam rolled his eyes and Castiel looked up at him apologetically. “He’s not safe to drive like this. I didn’t think it through and I apologize for making him late. It won’t happen again, Sam.”
Castiel felt no need to explain their current living circumstances, so he smiled and nodded, collected his coat from the chair where he’d set it for the hug, and made his escape to his car.
Castiel picking up his shirt to sniff it was a surprise, as was his happy sigh before dropping it again.
Castiel’s slowly spreading smile was worth any amount of time staring at flowers, Dean decided, and he could see where taking care of these would be calming. He felt relaxed here, tension he hadn’t realized was twisting his shoulders only registering as it melted away, traveling down his arm, passing from his fingertips into the leaves of the lady he was stroking, and she didn’t seem to mind at all.
Dean’s eyes slid shut, tears still slipping out from under them as Castiel kissed the salt from his face and petted him gently, soothing the sobs racking his body. He didn’t really notice Cas unzipping his jeans but he
“Uh, East Side, straight down the 101 to the exit just past the intersection with 280, near King and Story. Do you know it?  Wait, am I anywhere remotely on your way?”
“What do you want?” The man frowned up at Dean through bushy gray eyebrows, a spray bottle gripped in one hand, clippers in the other. Dean suppressed his instinct to back away out of fear he’d bump into another orchid, and he stared down in consternation at the scowling man in overalls.  On the one hand, he should just leave. On the other hand, the flowers here were gorgeous, much nicer and more striking colors than the pink and white combinations he’d just spent several hours being informed were the best available. He held out a hand placatingly.
Castiel glanced away only long enough to verify that Sam was not listening, then he leaned forward, his face earnest and apologetic, his voice so quiet Dean could barely hear him.
Anna clucked like a mother hen, grinning at the two of them as Castiel’s friends descended around the table, drinks in hand, dragging over chairs when the four at the table were full until six faces were circled in companionship and libation. “What have we here?” Anna asked cheerfully, “Castiel is early? And what are you two giggling about?” Castiel and Dean looked at each other and dissolved into fresh snickering. Dean started to say “Cas says I can call hi- “ but Castiel broke in firmly “Nothing,” and Dean fell silent, still smirking, but respecting Castiel’s decree.
. Castiel fiddled the french doors open - there was definitely a problem with the latch - and they stepped out to pull their shoes on on his tiny deck, maybe five feet deep but the full width of the house, with a bannister along most of it except for where a set of stairs extended down to the ground at the leftmost edge, near the door to the house. The boys trailed Castiel down the stairs to the small fenced-in yard to gasp in delight as they took in what he had done.
“That’s right!” Dean exclaimed, pleased. “Bullies just need to know you won't take it anymore. High five! I’m proud of you!”
Castiel’s emphasis on the word “greatly” pulled a smirk to Dean’s lips, and the answering smile slowly spreading across Castiel’s face made every moment of last night entirely worth it.
“Eleven.” Castiel’s teeth nibbled delicately at his earlobe and Dean gasped and turned his head for more, which Castiel delivered, sucking gently on Dean's earlobe and trailing one hand slowly up Dean’s thigh to tease, gently tickling the hair that trailed down from Dean’s groin without touching his cock.
Dean grabbed another beer and plopped down on the end of the bed to collect himself, flipping on the TV to be polite, and because he absolutely, positively, did not want to overhear Castiel
Dean had already finished his beer and set the empty on the table in the space of time it had taken Castiel to work up the courage to try his, and Castiel found himself staring as Dean summarily stripped on his way to the bathroom, unbuttoning his wrinkled dress shirt, draping the tie and shirt and then his soiled pants over the back of one of the kitchen chairs, shucking his white teeshirt and tossing it into a pile by the beds, and heading into the bathroom in his boxers.
