." Dean didn't raise his voice any louder than the first time, but it was firmer and more final. "Pack a bag for tonight and go. You can get the rest of your things tomorrow while I'm at work." He took a deep breath and made eye contact again. "I'm not going to be with someone who treats me like my old man does and says things like that to me." He stood up and grabbed his keys from the counter. "Don't be here when I get back," he said, heading for the door.
“I’m not a hunter anymore!” Dean burst out, full of righteous fury. His anger immediately left him, however and he collapsed onto the ground in lotus pose. “I didn’t have anywhere else to go. And I didn’t want to leave him all alone.”
Dean whipped around to glare at the short, sandy-haired man behind him. “Yeah, I kind a figured it out when he had his dick in—”
“No, Dean. But you are. And I don’t want you posturing and lying to Cas and hurting him because you’re scared to show emotion in front of me.” With another glare, he stalked out of the room.
Dean thought that was just as well. Presumably “more comfortable” was code for “more naked” and Dean wasn’t really on board with that. He didn’t mind being nude, per se, it was just that the whole nude with Cas thing was likely to be problematic. It would be sort of difficult to hide the rather frequent erections he tended to get around his best friend. He was so screwed.
Cas attempted to bury himself as deeply into Dean as possible as he pumped his release into him. Then he dropped down onto one hand and kissed Dean deeply for a moment before collapsing to the side.
Mary had indeed told them they had to have separate rooms, but she hadn’t made them do it before John came home with the news about the job, so she’d let them stay together until the move. In the new house, there was space for everyone to have a room, anyway, so it didn’t feel as strange.
The table was, in a word, perfect. Cas had used the natural shape of the wood, rather than forcing the planks into rectangles and the result was a more fluid table, with rounded corners and edges. He had sanded the wood, bringing out the natural color, and then sealed it with a thick coat of clear shellac. It was tall enough that they could eat off of it from the couch, if they had to, and it had a shelf underneath for storing things out of the way.
“Thanks, Castiel. Was that so hard, Dean?” He gave Dean a petulant look, but then shrunk back in the face of Dean’s glare.
"No! Of course not. I wanted to be off with you—and I will be actually on your next off day—but a few days ago, they needed me for a shift and I still didn't have it all."
“I don’t think the passages referring to Moriarty’s sexual proclivities had been widely published at the time of your birth,” Castiel said, still trying not to picture Dean getting cuffed.
Once they were back, he had no immediate chores to attend after lunch. Castiel wanted to go to the bookstore again and Sam was still in school. Dean decided it was as good a time as any to call Bobby. He needed to let him know how things were going, anyway, but Dean was also a bit lonely and missed the old guy, too.
“A week is all we got. Seven days of wedded bliss and you have to go out on assignment for a month.” Dean was angry, so his voice was raised, even though he wasn’t angry at Cas.
“My friend loves your music,” Castiel blurted. “She’s obsessed with it really. She made me listen to one of your albums and I didn’t care much, but... then she started making me watch interviews.” Cas peeked up at Dean and then looked back at a fascinating piece of lint on the bed covers. “I was prepared to humor her because you were hot, but then... I started listening to what you had to say and how you talked about your brother and music and... I kind of... got a crush on you, in spite of not caring for your music.” He looked at Dean fully now. “Sorry.”
Cas tried to calm himself, but it didn’t work. He just waved Dean away, face red. Dean rolled his eyes, but he was grinning. It really hadn’t been all that funny, but it must be one of those hysterical things. Dean would take it as a win, regardless.
“I couldn’t wait,” Cas said with an unapologetic shrug. “It’s been all I could think about today. For weeks, really, but today especially.”
Dean found words in a hurry. “No! Wait! I do want it, Cas!” He forced himself to turn over and face the angel. “I want you. I have for a while.”
Castiel took in the sight in front of him. Dean, bent at the waist, bowed legs spread wide, ass arched up, erection straining his jeans. His cheeks were flushed and his green eyes were black. His lips were full and reddened from all the licking and chewing he’d been doing. Instead of speaking, Castiel bent down and grabbed his head, pulling him forward.
For a while, however, it seemed that the universe was working in Dean’s favor. The first three people—including Charlie—got a person of the opposite gender. Anna had to kiss Kevin, Charlie had to kiss Ash, and Benny had to kiss Jo. Dean was next up and he was feeling pretty confident. He’d willingly kiss almost any girl here—although kissing Charlie might be a little squicky, if he was honest. Charlie apparently had the same thought.
He wanted to call Cas, but he didn't. It was getting late, anyway and he had work in the morning. It had been a long, difficult day. Weekend, really. He was glad that it was over, but also saddened by it. It was one step closer to Cas, in all likelihood, going home to his village. Dean couldn't bear to think about it.
“Uh, well, just, a couple left earlier than expected. And the night they left, the lights were going haywire for about fifteen or twenty minutes. I should, um... go.” With that, Rob scurried away, tossing Cas an apologetic smile.
Dean found himself using less surfer lingo these days. For a long time, he’d used it as a defense. With Cas, he didn’t really need one. He just wished he knew why the guy made his stomach do barrels the way it did. Or why he felt like he wanted to cry every time he thought of Cas leaving. Wasn’t he always the one sending people away?
This time, Dean seemed to realize what he’d said because he glanced up and smiled sheepishly at Cas. “Sorry,” he said, slightly less upset than he was.
They got dressed for bed and tucked their dirty clothes into their packed bags to be washed later. They each had a set of “civilian” clothes laid out for the next morning. Cas had bought his own meager wardrobe on his last trip into town. Considering he’d never bought clothes for himself, Dean thought Cas had done all right. He definitely had his own flair, that was for sure. It was a lot more color than Dean preferred, but it would all look good on the brunet, Dean knew.
Forty-five minutes later, they lay side by side, sated and still breathing a little heavily. Dean rolled over, flinging one arm over Cas’s stomach and resting his cheek on Cas’s shoulder. He pressed a kiss to the muscle in front of his mouth.
*not sorry. xD Speak to me! (Or leave me pictures of Misha or other SPN cast members, whichever suits your social interaction comfort level.) ♥
“Mm. All right. Well, let him know, see if he’s interested. I can pay him $10 an hour to start. If he’s as good as you say, I’ll bump it up.” Dean heard odd bumps and clinks. “Anything else? It’s my lunch time, boy.”
Sam just laughed at him. “Dude, it’s cool. I got homework left to do, anyway. Let me know about this weekend. I love you.”
Jacob gave them both a small smile. “It is no trouble, either for me to cook or for us to have you here.” He changed the subject then, asking which church members Castiel had visited this week.  Castiel told him about Liza Banks and how good Dean had been with her.
“All right, Truff, we’re heading over to see Cas now. That’s gonna be fun, huh?” Dean didn’t think he imagined the way the dog perked up at the sound of his ex’s name. “You wanna see Cas, buddy?” The idiot dog grinned with his tongue out and chuffed in excitement. “Course you do. You always liked him, even after—well. We aren’t gonna talk about that, are we?”
we love.” He frowned. “I cannot tell you what to believe. Only what is in my own heart. And in my heart I believe that God continues to love me, even as I continue to love Rufus Turner.”
Dean frowned, considering Cas’ words. “Don’t you do these visits every single day? I’m no more special than you are,” he told Cas, uncomfortable with the praise.
It wasn’t a huge change from before, but Cas had stopped becoming embarrassed or flustered at Dean’s teasing gestures and remarks. While Cas could not wink the way Dean did, he would respond to Dean’s winks with a dance of his eyebrows that never failed to delight Dean. Dean, for his part, did not seem to want to question Castiel’s change in attitude, apparently content to enjoy it without wondering why it was happening.
After another long make-out session and another orgasm each, they lay curled together, Cas lying half across Dean, who lay on his back. When Dean started shaking, Cas looked up at him in concern. He relaxed when he saw Dean was laughing.
"Well, he's usually the one on his knees for me, but yeah, sometimes we switch. Um, so I can't show you, but I'm holding something in my hand."
“Shit,” he said yet again, confirming his eighth grade English teacher’s assertion that he had a limited vocabulary. He stormed back outside in a cloud of self-loathing, drawing angry doodles until Cas came back out onto the porch.
“Sam can probably spend the night, as long as you get all your chores done while he’s here. I will ask Jacob after supper, all right?”
. He wasn’t sure how, but he knew the skills were in his wheelhouse. Somewhere. Probably under a pile of self-loathing he’d forgotten to take out to the curb with the rest of the trash.
Dean groaned. “Yeah, I can do that. I’ve only done it once, but I guess you don’t have a lot to compare it to, so we’re probably good, right?”
“I went by your place this morning and it’s not pretty. I took pictures for the insurance.” She glanced at the number read out as the door closed. “Obviously, you need a new bed and a couch, but some of the other stuff, like your end tables, that might be damaged too. I couldn’t tell. Won’t be able to get in there until they fix the ceiling. It’s just not safe.” She looked up at the number again as it finally changed to his floor. “When you’ve got your new furniture, just send me the receipts, like I said, and we’ll take it off your rent due, all right?
“Hello, Dean,” he called out when he was near enough, sending the girl a polite smile which he hoped looked more sincere than it felt. It was hardly her fault that Cas had feelings for Dean.
Dean didn’t know spluttering was an actual thing. He’d read about it, of course, but he didn’t know anyone could actually do it, until he himself was doing it. He hustled after Cas, until he realized how awkward it was to fastwalk while freeballing. Then he forced himself to keep his pace a little more sedate.
Dean got the message and let go with some reluctance. Cas pulled away and bent over to kiss Dean. The angle was weird, but it didn’t feel any less good for that. Cas came up for air after a minute and gave Dean a searching look.
"Let me guess, older brother? Silly nicknames are kind of our thing." His laugh this time was a little more genuine. "Sam hates it when I call him Sammy."
As the first strains of Black Dog came on, a guy with brown wavy hair walked out of the library, weighted down by a huge stack of books. When he got abreast of Dean, things went into slow motion for a minute. There was a round little rock in the path, which the guy couldn’t see over the stack of books and Dean watched as the guy’s shoe came right down on it.
“We should stop for tonight, as much as I don’t want to,” he murmured as his thumbs rubbed circles into Cas’ shoulders.
Evidently, though, he realized he’d forgotten his clothes, too, because he came right back into the room, just in time to get an eyeful of Dean bending over to put on his pants. Dean squatted down, swearing, and apologized. He thought he was blushing pretty much all over, but it was hard to say.
There was sugar and creamer on the counter as well, though Cas could see that Dean had no creamer in his. Of
Castiel continued to frown. He didn’t like the sound of Jacob Davidson’s words. He wanted the future he had always envisioned. Why would he want anything else? He was no longer sure he wanted this Dean here. Castiel shook off those feelings. They were bringing Dean here because he needed them. Castiel would meet that need, as it served the Lord best. He would not be selfish.
Were such things as relationships between two people of the same sex now accepted out among the English? Castiel knew it had not always been so, that it was one of the few things on which Amish and English alike agreed in years past. However, he had no idea what changes had gone on in the outside world in the last several years.
This wave was much more noble. “Of course. You’re here to apply for a position in child-rearing. I might as well see your skills firsthand.”
"Well, first of all, it wasn't your job to fix. When you're done with school, then you can worry about bills and making sure the rent is paid on time and all of that. For now, I want you to focus on your education. I haven't worked this hard all these years for you to have to work just as hard, okay?" She brushed a hand over his cheek. "But it doesn't sound like you're really upset with Cas at all. It sounds like you think you should be, but deep down, you know why he did it and you're grateful."
“Oh, Mary. If I weren’t in love with your son, I’d hit that in a New York minute.” Cas was grinning, but then he froze. His gaze snapped to Dean and then down to his plate, where he hurriedly started shoving food into his mouth.
ron’s shrug was very unsympathetic. Dean rolled his eyes and opened the door. Cas was lying on the bed, looking unconcerned and flipping through a magazine like he had not a care in the world and looking hot as fuck.
He wouldn’t. And Cas was just setting himself up for pain if he let himself acknowledge any feelings deeper than friendship and sex.
“They overcharged you for the kale. They’ve got ten bunches on here!” she said, holding up the crumpled receipt.
Instead of answering, Cas looked like he might be sick. That didn’t bode well. Dean prepared for the inevitable rejection.
“The poor thing. Anyone can see that brother of his is everything to him. The English way of handling orphans is not a good way,” she said, shaking her head.
Then Xena apparently sensed his gaze because her head turned toward him and he was speared by twin beams of blue. An eyebrow cocked up, but Dean just grinned and gave her a thumbs up sign.
“Nah, man. You stay in your bed. We’ll drag another mattress onto the floor for Sammy. That’s cool with you, right?” Dean asked, turning to his brother.
Then Dean realized that the formerly soft warmth that had been nestled between his cheeks was no longer as small or as soft as it had been. That was a cock against his ass. Moreover, it was
“I, um, I didn’t want to admit it, but I’ve had feelings for you, like, forever, man. I didn’t think you’d, you know, feel the same way.”
As the minutes ticked by and he ran out of things to occupy him while he waited for a text, Dean couldn’t stop his mind wandering to daydreams of how the weekend would go. He wasn’t really sure how long he’d been in love with Cas, but he’d only truly realized the extent of it when Cas had gotten his new job and moved to a different city. Not seeing him everyday was harder than Dean ever imagined it could be.
The next morning, Dean was already gone to do the milking when he woke up. That was a rare occurrence, indeed. At least he would be gone for a large part of the day and Cas wouldn't have to cope with the awkwardness that would be between them. Perhaps by the time Dean returned, he would know what to do.
“Right up ahead,” Cas instructed, leaving his hand exactly where it was so he could work his fingers in slow circles.
He was just starting to get into the rhythm when a strange noise and a pop-up window brought him up short.
“I will miss you both very much,” he told her and found he meant it. “You were always very kind to me and I am grateful. I love you both.”
. And it made my fear that I would give it up, only to have you leave me, even more concrete. It happened to one of the boys on the documentary.”
Dean pulled back and wiped is eyes. “Don’t go far. I just....” He struggled to control his breathing. “Just need a minute or two, to explain what’s going on, all right?”
The voice belonged to a very pretty blonde woman in a peach sarong. She had a hibiscus in her hair and a lei around her neck. For a moment, Dean just looked at her, nonplussed. He hadn’t been hit on the whole time he was with Cas. Then he remembered again that Cas was gone or leaving, and he decided he’d better get back on the horse sooner than later.
“More like a reform program. He thought I could be rehabilitated if I got out of the juvenile detention system,” Dean admitted, drinking his tea and not looking at anyone. “Turns out he was right.”
“Yeah, Cas. I want that.” His shyness returned a bit, but he soldiered on. “And the, uh, rimming part too, if you’re cool with it.” He bit his lip as he waited for an answer.
ETA: again, this comment refers to a previous book and not the one I turned this fic into. But I put a lot of readers in the dedication of it, which was what this refers to.
Almost immediately, his whole body was screaming “More!” Apparently, Dean felt much the same way because he was pulled further into the room, even as Dean deepened the kiss. Dean’s tongue was expert in its movements, sweeping into his mouth as if it regularly gave tours. Cas felt weak in the knees and he was grateful when Dean pulled back long enough to sit in Cas’s new chair.
Dean peeled off his coat and wrapped it around Cas, then carefully loaded Cas onto the sled. He was chilly, but he was going to heat up quick towing a grown man all that distance. Not having that extra layer should actually keep him from breaking a sweat. Since he was headed back inside hypothermia wasn’t such a concern for him, but since it was for Cas right now, he intended to break land speed records getting back to the cabin.
He didn’t get to finish because Cas pinned him against the door and proceeded to kiss him. All thoughts fled Dean’s brain save one:
“Your brother asked me to. I considered telling you, but when I saw you with Dean, I thought you needed to sort out your feelings for him first. I am sorry I did not tell you sooner, but I assure you I would not have let you take vows until you had spoken to your brother.”
With a hearty laugh, Dean stood up and pulled Cas to his feet. too. He took both Cas’s hands and walked backwards, leading him toward the bedroom. He couldn’t help but smile as he saw Cas’s anticipation and excitement grow with every step they took.
This one had iridescent fluid in it, mostly clear but tinted various shades of blue. Cas sniffed and immediately jerked away, rubbing his nose violently.
As Dean set his drink on the floor, he had to admit the kid was right. “I’ve looked at thrift shops, but they’re all either ugly or too much. I’ll keep looking.”
I know, it's taken me a horrifically long time to get this finished. My excuses are posted in Plain English, so I won't repeat them in full, but basically, travels, second book accepted and love life picking up. I've also had a little bit of lack of writing mojo - or maybe I was just worn out from the 30 day challenge xD Doesn't mean I didn't miss you schmoopy cuties every day. It's hella sad when I don't get email notices of your comments, you know.
Cas looked a little embarrassed. “They must be on the same plane as me during... mating rituals. This is their corporeal form, though in actuality they are much more—”
“Okay, done. I’m going to take off your blindfold and undo your hands now, all right? But don’t touch your stomach or chest or look at it till I say, promise?”
He was given nothing but gifts he could use in either place. He was grateful for that. No one was pressuring him. No one had even asked what he was going to do. They all just made sure to tell him that they would be here for him, either way.
Then Cas sighed and said, “Dean, Sam, Charlie—this is my idiotic brother Gabriel. He was just leaving.”
Dean tapped his foot nervously as he waited for Bobby to pick up the phone. It was Saturday, so he might or might not be in the shop. It wasn’t open for customers, but sometimes, he worked on cars because he got bored. The phone had rung six times so far and Dean was just about to hang up when Bobby’s gruff voice finally came over the line.
What is it with me and zombie dicks? I'm such a weirdo. Anyway, yay smut! Yay sappy endings! Yay comments from cuties! ♥
Jacob sat up front with the driver, so that none of them had to be cramped in the middle of the back. Castiel spent a large portion of the trip staring out his windows at the scenery going by—he had never been in a car going this fast, so it was an unusual experience for many reasons—but Dean also occasionally pointed out things and made small talk with him.
Then suddenly, they were having their last hot chocolate in the dormitory. For a long time, they barely spoke. They just exchanged excited little half smiles and sipped their cocoa. Finally, needing to say something, Dean brought up the plans for getting to Bobby’s house.
“Well, yeah. Best way to get rids of cramps. I mean, sure, there’s ibuprofen, but that takes a while. Kinda makes me nauseous too. I try to avoid it.”
Castiel hummed thoughtfully. “I think it would be wise for us to have a phone.” He frowned as a thought occurred to him. “You have a cell phone.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I have a survival knife with scissors that I’d be willing to loan to anyone nice or not being a dick.”
They listened to it at least five times in a row, at Castiel’s request. Dean’s grin stayed in place the entire time. When it played for the fifth time, Cas said, “Play another one now.”
“Nah. My boss knows I can get myself out. And if I can’t, he figures it’s my own damn fault, you know?” He let out a small noise of triumph as he got the second cuff undone in even less time. “All right, your turn.”
Instead of lubing him up and prepping him some more like he had in the dream, Cas rolled Dean over and gathered him up in his arms and wings, cradling him to his chest. Dean distantly felt bad for not reciprocating, but he was too floaty and happy to care just then. Cas was holding him. Cas had just made him
Cas dropped his head into his hands. “I’m just going to let this hole in the floor swallow me up, I hope that’s okay.”
Mary, naturally, chose that moment to walk in from outside. “Dean! Stop being mean to your brother!”
Sam was thoughtful for a moment and then he said, “Do you think it’s because…well, like, we were buying it for the apartment, right? And he lives here now, but…later he’s not going to anymore, so the coasters aren’t really
Dean looked sheepishly at Blue Eyes. “Sorry. Y'all really okay? What the fuck happened, though? I mean, my brake lights are hard to miss.”
“I-I-I don’t know. Maybe six months? Maybe longer. I’m not sure. One day, we were standing here and I just... realized it.”
After a few false starts with closets and bathrooms, they finally found the master bedroom. It was huge, with an eight by eight by three foot bed against the outside wall. There was also a table full of... sexual paraphernalia. Dean doubted they would use much of it right now, but he kept it in his mind for later.
Cas’ response was to grab Dean’s face in both hands and kiss the daylights out of him. They were clearly going to be late to their own wedding. Well, lat
Cas just smiled wider. “I’m not afraid of words, Dean. No matter what they call me, they can’t take away what you are to me.” This last was said more quietly and Cas saw a sheen appear in Dean’s eyes, just before his mouth closed over Castiel’s.
“Um, he wasn’t supposed to turn me, but things went bad at the compound. Benny had told me about shrinking and flying and all that and when it came down to it, I knew that was going to be my only chance to get out. I let him turn me and we got away.”
Dean frowned and assumed a defensive posture that wasn’t any less impressive because he was completely naked. “No. I do it because it’s fun and it pays well.”
Dean honestly wasn’t sure whether what he was saying was the right thing or not. He just said what he thought Cas needed to hear. It happened to be the truth and that helped, but he wasn’t sure that Cas had relaxed all that much. Cas gave him a smile, but it looked kind of funny, like Cas was still sort of freaking out.
“Nah, still the same schedule, same amount. Treats at the same times. Oh, I, uh, I kept MouseTail. So, you’ll need to get him another one. He probably won’t notice for a couple days, but I wouldn’t leave it longer than that.”
Cas can't take not knowing if Dean cares for him anymore. It's making life in the bunker difficult. That's okay, though, because once Cas tells Sam his dilemma, Sam tells him he has a plan. Luckily, Dean's totally on board.
“It’s all right if you’d rather not, Dean. I simply find you very attractive and thought you might feel the same. If not, that’s perfectly okay and I will take my leave.”
As soon as Cas opened his eyes to greet the day, he knew. Today was the day he asked Dean Winchester to the prom.
“Sam Winchester!” Mary said sharply, making him turn red and look contrite. Then he looked disgusted and Dean turned red when she grinned and said, “Do not cockblock your brother.”
That snapped Dean back into himself and he managed a smile. “Nah. Come through the checkout line with me. We should start getting to know each other, right?”
to cheese with a side of COCONUT SMUT! You're welcome. A thank you for waiting, if you will. I spoil you, I really do. Eh, you're worth it.
Castiel debated what to say for a moment, before settling on, “He is my best friend. We are living together while I am among the English.”
They sipped their drinks a little more sedately and looked around the bar. Cas was starting to feel warm. Whatever was in the cocktail, it was potent. Looking at Dean, he felt such an overwhelming swell of affection, he could barely contain it.
Cas pulled back after a moment, looking a little shocked. Dean worried that his feelings were transparent and the angel was going to run away. Instead, Cas’s eyes crinkled at the corners and he drew Dean into a softer, deeper kiss.
“Now, knowing my brother is big on honesty, his betrothed realized that they had to come clean about
Dean arrived outside the kitchen just in time to hear the last three words. He turned around and went back to his room without announcing himself. Unbeknownst to him, however, Cas had sensed his presence and therefore knew of his departure. It stung like a fresh rejection.
Dean looked horrified. “We met at that party!” he said, fisting his hand in Cas’s shirt. “We—” Dean broke off and let go of Cas, suddenly shy again. “Well, I mean, this might freak you out or something, but we, um....” He trailed off, waving his hand in a circle that was meant to convey “Draw your own conclusions.”
Lisa just looked at him in utter confusion. “Huh? That makes no sense. There were three bunches in the drawer when I went to make soup, Dean. Not ten.”
. Except that they were sexualizing the stinger, which doesn’t even make any kind of sense because if a bee stings, it loses its stinger and it dies and there isn’t anything sexy about losing your penis or dying, so I don’t—”
Dean pulled out his phone and tapped out a couple of quick messages to his brother, while Cas got dressed and put his wig back in place.
Cas knew when he saw Balthazar that he couldn’t run. If he was honest, there was a part of him that wanted to show Dean what he could do. Finally get his attention for once, when Dean couldn’t run away. Well. That wasn’t strictly true. He could run. But Cas didn’t think he would.
She sat there waiting impatiently, wondering if she wanted to risk ruining a towel, so that her ass didn’t fall asleep on the toilet and she could get up. Unfortunately, that’s when the cramping hit.
The smile didn’t waver. “Nah, he likes it. Don’t you handsome?” the cowboy asked, turning to his captive audience.
The look Cas gave him said he suspected Dean had been dropped on his head as a child. “Don’t ask stupid questions.”
“Take a right at the next street,” Cas said when the car reached the road. Then he said, “I’m working a case nearby and I decided it might be wise to get a job at the store. I know the pay isn’t as good as pool hustling and credit card scams, but I’m better at it.”
Cas laughed, and it wasn't as bitter as Dean might have expected, but the bitterness was there. "My mother disowned me immediately when I told her I was gay. No discussion. No bargaining. She just said, 'You're no longer my son. Please remove your belongings from my home,' and she got up and left the room. I didn't live there anymore, but I still had my childhood bedroom there."
“When was he your—” Charlie’s eyes got wide as she realized exactly who Cas was to Dean. “Oh.” She quickly pasted a smile back on her face. “College, right? Crazy kids and their antics. I bet you too got up to some wild shit, huh?”
“One of my chores is to visit the old and infirm and spend time with them. Sometimes they need a few things done, but many times, they just need company. Today, we will be going to see a little girl by the name of Liza Banks. She’s been ill recently and hasn’t been able to get out of bed.” He absently brushed crumbs from his pants.
Cas looked pained. "No, but don't you see? I would never have wanted anyone else to go through that. I knew your father. I knew he could be unpredictable. Violent, even. Your hesitance was perfectly reasonable...." Cas sighed heavily. "The thing was... Bart had been filling my head for weeks. Months, maybe. Digging at my insecurities. Exploiting all my tiny doubts about us. About my worthiness. About your commitment to me. I mean, my own mother left me—why would anyone else stay?"
Dean closed his eyes before meeting his mother’s gaze. “I didn’t mean it like that, Mom,” he said quietly, all anger having left him at the look on Cas’s face.
Dean thought his face might split from the grin that was breaking across it now. That was the best news he’d heard in a long time. He hadn’t seen Sam in weeks now, maybe even months. He missed him like crazy. Life had been harder for Dean since Sam got adopted and not just because Dean started screwing up more often and spending more time in juvie.
By the time Dean strolled up the path to the steps, Castiel had finished two figures and was working on a third. They were simple and still needed sanding and polishing, but he thought they were good enough. He showed them to Dean, who thought they were, of course, “awesome”.
Raise your hand if you didn't see that coming? Porn star AU was part of both the prompts that inspired this, which is one reason I thought to join them together. I know. I'm sneaky like that. ♥
This was information that Cas didn’t know, but he was pleased that Dean had made these decisions. Previously, Dean had expressed doubt that he was capable of further education. It made Castiel happy to know he had changed his mind and come to accept that he was smarter than he’d been giving himself credit for.
“Uh, in case you didn’t realize, Cas,” he said, scooting close enough to roll his hips again. “I’m in the same boat.” He watched Cas swallow. “The situation is far from ideal, but the, uh, “proximity” is something I’ve wanted for a long time.”
“That part you will have to discuss with HR tomorrow, but I believe it should be quite a substantial raise from what you are making now.”
He tried to wake Cas, but it was no use. He was out cold. When Dean felt Cas’s skin, he realized that cold was far more accurate than he’d like it to be. Cas was far too cold. Dean needed to get him to the cabin and fast.
The trope was zombie au. This is what my brain did, presumably because i don't like zombies. I have no excuses. I have only confusion and head scratching. I think this might be considered crack. Or possibly my brain is cracked? I'm not sure. Off to go figure out what tags to add now. Wish me luck.
When the car was packed with Truffles things, Dean found an outfit that he thought said “I’m dressed to play with a dog, but I also care about looking hot.” Cas was kind of oblivious sometimes, so for all Dean knew, it might just say “I am an outfit on Dean” to him.
“I had a dream that I worked in a coffee shop and you impregnated me with your tentacles,” Cas snapped. “Pray tell me what kind of assistance you could offer.” Sarcasm was the icing on the bitter cake of his words.
Dean knew the feeling had been described a million times before, in a million different ways. For him, though, there had never been another moment like this one. He knew it was a moment he’d never forget. Their lips touching created a feeling that was beyond physical sensation. He knew it would sound ridiculous if he said it out loud, but he also knew it was true. That one tiny press of the lips, now ending, had changed him forever.
"Thank you." Cas started to bite his sandwich and then sighed. "Part of me wants to eat first, talk after, but honestly, I don't know if I can eat until I've said what I need to say."
Cas stood there, looking stunned by Dean’s admissions. Unable to find words, apparently, instead he crushed Dean’s mouth in a kiss full of aching need—and not of the physical kind. It was a desperate kiss that left Dean breathless.
“You know, far be it from me to tell either of you what to do,” Mary interjected. “But as the person currently in charge of his nutrition, I feel it necessary to point out that paying him so that he can buy his own meals is probably cheaper than feeding him.”
Cas looked him in the eye for a long moment and then pulled him in for another kiss. This one was softer and less rushed than the others. Like the rimming, it felt intimate and like aftercare.
He had some time before his flight, so he could have lingered in bed, watching Dean. Instead he decided he wanted every last moment of Dean’s presence—his conscious presence—that he could get. So he leaned over and lightly kissed Dean on his brow.
Dean nodded, breaking bits of grass and tossing them around. “I know he’s got a right to be scared of hunters. And I’m sure he’s had people give him plenty of reasons not to trust them. I just... I would have thought he’d trust
…they don’t include getting to be gay.” Dean stopped working the wood and looked at Sam carefully, to make sure he understood. “If he chooses to be in a relationship with a man, he loses being able to be Amish. He loses who he is.”
“Well, as I say, I’m sticking around, Cas. I’ll be in touch.” He gave Dean an insincere smile that was mostly a grimace of distaste. “Perhaps we can all do lunch sometime.”
Deanna had been waiting for this day for a really long time. She and Cass had been best friends for ages, and Deanna had had feelings for Cass for nearly as long. She had finally,
Now he was left to wonder, had Cas not felt the same draw toward him? They'd shared what Dean thought was a pleasant meal and then Cas just ran out? Never mind that Dean had been about to do the same thing, Dean had had a
“Unlike myself, my dear cousin has avoided taking a spouse of any description. He always took the ‘Till Death Do Us Part’ bit a tad too seriously, you see. And, of course, he would never turn a human by choice, even if they were a willing participant.”
“Damn, that guy down in front really has a thing for you,” Benny said during a break to set up. He was retuning his bass and not even looking at Dean when he said it.
“I’ve never felt so out of control of my body before,” Cas said when he had Dean back in his arms. “I feel compelled to touch you as much as possible. I think if I were able to get as close to you as my body seems to want, our skin would fuse”
, just like I told you already, even if they don’t, it won’t change how I feel about you, anyway. Got it?” Dean leaned in and kissed Cas for good measure.
“Mary, sweetheart, why don’t we pick this up after we eat, okay? I think we’ll all feel better after we get some food in our bellies,” Michael suggested. He reached over and rubbed her wrist, adoring look on his face. “You know how we get when we’re hangry.”
Cass slid across the car and slipped her hand into Deanna’s dark blonde tresses, tugging her face forward slightly.
it,” Dean told him with a grin. Unconsciously he toyed with the necklace under his shirt until he saw Cas watching his hand.
The exciting part, though, was that Cas was on his way to visit for a whole week, just the two of them, and Dean could barely contain himself the nearer Cas’s arrival time grew. He hadn’t seen his best friend in a couple of months and he was anxious to do so now.
“What? No. Cas! I don’t want that vegan hippy crap! Just bring me a bunch of paper towels, would you? Then I’ll go out and get my own damn tampons.”
“Whoa, take it easy. You’re not used to this stuff. Might wanna pace yourself. I haven’t even had my second one yet.”
Dean nodded, but he didn’t look up. “I know. I just... I don’t want things to be weird between us. You’re, like, my best friend, you know? And you’ve made my life a
“He treated me poorly in return. And then we both realized how badly we’d handled the situation,” Castiel said, remembering those moments when Dean had held him after Starla had gone.
The other stories were similar. One boy had been struggling in a way almost identical to Cas’ own struggle. He loved another boy, but he wanted to remain Amish. He had intended to return to plain living and leave the boy behind.
Before he was ready, he pulled into the drive at Gabriel's. To his surprise, the brothers were sitting outside on the porch, waiting. When Cas' face lit up with a smile, Dean thought he felt a stone drop off his heart. He smiled back and got out of the car.
Dean gently grabbed Cas’s left hand and wound part of the rope around it. He secured it to the chair and then grabbed the other hand and repeated the process in reverse. When Dean was finished, he reached into another pocket and drew out a black satin blindfold, holding it up where Cas could see. Dean raised in eyebrows in silent question.
The next kiss was deeper, hungrier. Then Dean moved the kiss away from Cas’ mouth and across every inch of his torso instead. He tried to convey everything he was feeling with his hands and mouth as he worshiped the body below him. Cas’ breathy sounds were getting needier by the second, as Dean finally made his way down to capture a hipbone with his lips and tongue and teeth.
“But I drank the white one. And I already know what a catch Cas is. He doesn’t have feelings for me, though. He’s straight.”
Dean was surprised to see him when he walked in from milking. He was even more surprised by the food Castiel was plating up. Dean started to grab the apple juice, but Cas pointed to show him there was coffee. Dean put the juice back and got coffee cups.
When the first kiss fell on his thigh, just above his knee, Dean’s pulse quickened. Apparently, Cas had other plans, though, because he kissed all around Dean’s erection, but nowhere near enough to touch it even accidentally.
“Aw, taking me to where we first met. How romantic,” Cas said, batting his eyelashes. “I actually need to return all those books, anyway.”
When he did think of something, he was disappointed that it hadn’t occurred to him sooner. He excused himself and went to Mam and Pap’s, where he asked for some of her cheddar cheese and the leftover apple pie from supper the night before. He explained what it was for and she was more than happy to share it with him.
“Oops, gotta go, Sammy, they’re calling us.” Dean hung up the phone and dropped it. “Where were we?”
“I was just contemplating how well we’ve taken to this role reversal, angel. Not laughing at you, I promise.”
Knowing what he was doing was forbidden but urged on by his pleasure and the knowledge that rumspringa was a time for exploring normally-banned behaviors, Castiel took his penis in a soapy hand and stroked it, nearly crying out with the exquisite feeling the touch unleashed. His brain was now lost in carnal abandon. He allowed himself to remember the beauty and sensuality of Dean, wet and pleasuring himself.
“Cas?” His voice was barely a whisper and sounded as much like a plea as a question. He doubted anyone except Cas had been able to hear it.
Halfway through the thought, Cas slipped the head of his dick inside and Dean's words became a moan in stereo. Castiel didn't know who was the loudest as he pressed further in, Dean opening to pull him inside, then closing around him as if never intending to let him go.
Cas huffed a small laugh and relaxed. “Are you asking because we’re dating, because you feel bad for me being alone, or because you want a repeat performance with your family?”
“So what’s the play here? You want me to punch him in the face? You wanna punch him in the face? I mean, I know you got your money back, but....”
“Um, they said the rest of them had tied their boats together, but you floated away, so you were the only one unaccounted for. God, Dean, I thought...
“…being gay in the Amish community was like for these individuals,” the narrator said and Castiel’s eyes were wide.
Today, though, he was dressed like the Prince of Persia and he felt like a badass. It was stupid. He slew monsters on a daily basis, so he was already badass, but strapping on swords made it feel so much cooler, somehow. More like a fantasy than real life. He certainly didn’t mind that.
Castiel ran a hand through his hair and let out a heavy breath. “I don’t know, Gabriel. He wants me to stay. I want to stay, but I also want to go back. Living plain... it’s all I’ve ever known until these last few months.”
“If you still wanna hear it, I’ll tell you the rest of what happened after I got arrested the first time?”
“Nope! Not unless you want to. By the time the 60 days is up, we’ll have saved enough to cover the new rate for a few months. And given the state of the house and the tone of the letter, I’m guessing we either won’t get the higher rate after the inspection or they’ll keep the lowered rate until the repairs are done. I’ll try and find out when I call them.” She checked her watch. “Speaking of, I think I just have time to do it before I have to get ready for work.”
“I think I’ve heard worse reasons for making a marriage work.” He looked down at Cas again, sternly this time. “But don’t go expecting me to fall for you or say I love you, like, ever. I don’t do that crap, man.”
“I can do it, since your brother is here,” Cas offered, but Dean shook his head while Cas was still speaking.
Next came dinner and then reading time. Bobby usually watched television at night, but he didn’t want to overwhelm Cas on his first night spent outside the village. Dean didn’t even mind not having the TV going.
Dean stared at her calmly for a moment. “Why are you picking a fight with me an hour before our party?” He leaned back against the wall and ran a hand through his hair. “ I did what felt right in the moment. I tried to enforce the rules and remind him of who was in charge without alienating him or embarrassing him too much. You’ve had fifteen years to be a parent, I’ve been at it for about six months.”
He couldn’t tell if Dean felt disappointment or relief when he changed his mind, but all he felt was the aching desire to be able to return home with Dean. To have his plain living life and his best friend and love by his side. He forced himself to stay in the moment and enjoy the evening with his friends, but that night he knelt by his bedside and prayed.
Cas shrugged. “My brother made me watch the movie Fight Club. Dreadful film, but the soap making process fascinated me. I studied the process. Easy enough to put it to practice here. Starting the fire to make the lye was the hard part.”
Dean gulped, which he hadn’t even realized was a thing that happened outside cartoons until he was doing it. Because Cas was still 11 kinds of hot and he was suddenly closer and there was a definite intent on his face and Dean’s cock was all too happy to spring back to life at the proximity to that hotness.
“Now is good.” Dean started to pull Cas toward the door, then he paused. “Uh, don’t worry, I have some spare clothes in my trunk. I’ll loan you a shirt so we can go out somewhere for dinner.”
And fuck if Cas didn’t feel fantastic, taste amazing, and smell like heaven. Dean couldn’t seem to find enough places to touch him, and he definitely didn’t have enough hands to do it with. It seemed as if Dean’s entire body, every single cell, was straining toward Cas. Dean didn’t think he’d ever wanted anyone this much in his whole life.
Cas’s gaze hardened into ice. “No. At least I had the excuse of believing you were straight for not telling you my feelings. What’s your excuse, Dean? Cowardice?”
He was letting out tiny noises that were making Dean crazier by the second. Dean took the chance and tilted Cas’ pelvis down and toward his own, rolling up into him. Their cocks slid against each other, denim rasping against denim, and it sent a shockwave through Dean’s body. Cas still didn’t pull away. Instead, he lifted his head to look Dean in the eye and then he rolled his own hips.
He wasn’t kidding. Claire had dragged him to a pride parade the previous summer and he’d happily bought the pink, purple and blue striped shirt from the overpriced merch stall. Cas had made more of a fuss over the rainbow tie Dean had tried to buy him, saying ‘Angels have no concept of gender, so while I may have a biologically male body and present as male while using he/him pronouns, I would be just as comfortable in any other body or clothing. And while I am in a relationship with a man, I see people for their souls and could just as easily fall in love with anyone of any gender presentation.’ Dean had just told him to shut the fuck up and wrapped the tie around his neck anyway.
They all squished into the Impala. There wasn’t room for six people so the youngest boy had to sit on Jack’s lap in the back seat. They drove in silence back to the boys’ house, the tension in the air thick. Jack didn’t stop smiling the whole way there. They dropped the boys a few streets away and immediately drove away before anyone could ask any questions.
“I should have said this to you when we both couldn’t sleep so we made waffles in our underwear at 3 am and ended up slow dancing in the kitchen to Down By The Seaside.
Another minute passes in silence before the paste starts to sink into his skin, one symbol at a time, until the largest one, right above his heart, fizzes and crackles like a firework before disappearing and leaving the skin unblemished.
With both of Eileen’s parents dead, she had no one to walk her down the aisle, but she looked radiant in her white lace gown as she walked down the short gap in the chairs. She handed her bouquet off to Valerie so she could take Sam’s hands and beam a wide smile at him.
Jack did so. Dean stayed on the sofa and nursed his coffee, waiting for the pills to kick in. After what felt like about an hour he heard banging again.
“It got me thinking. If we’re going to attempt a normal life we’re going to need to be legit. You and I have been legally dead for years, Jack is technically three years old, and Cas is in the body of a ten-year-old missing persons case. So,” he started to open the box, “I reached out to Charlie to see if she knew anyone who could make fake IDs.”
He took his phone out of his pocket and dialed the second number on his speed dial. It was answered after two rings.
With Jack’s superior hearing, he heard every word but had no idea what Dean was talking about so just carried on as if he was never interrupted. “These are my dads, Dean and Cas, my aunt and uncle, Eileen and Sam, and my cousin, Harry,” he finished, in keeping with their public cover story.
Sam left the room with his hands over his ears, blocking out all the lewd things Dean was still saying.
Thankfully, her rant had been quite informative. “They’re one of the oldest covens still living; their oldest member is over a thousand. Even the youngest is several hundred years old. She has a particular grievance with the matriarch, Minna, the one who stole the spell, but she would happily see any of them dead. From Rowena’s descriptions, I think the one I met was her daughter, Inghinn. She’s a bit of a black sheep of the family, always coming up with new schemes the others don’t approve of.”
Jack seemed oblivious to the four concerned looks pointed at him. “We had this really fun party, and I had to do a handstand and drink beer from a tube, and now I have loads of new friends.”
They found the terrified kids inside and Sam helped them out to the car so they didn’t get lost. Dean and Jack tackled the vamps in his absence. Dean sliced the head off of one, Jack got to use his new God powers to smite another. One vampire got chatty with Dean, started taunting him, and said she’d been waiting years to get her payback. Dean didn’t recognize her, because who recognizes someone they met once fifteen years ago. She didn’t have time to be annoyed before Jack smited her from behind.
She rolled her heavily made-up eyes at him. “You came out years ago and you’ve never been to a gay bar?
“What evil have you brought to my doorstep, Winchester?” he addresses Sam but doesn’t look away from Cas’s face.
Cas couldn’t meet Dean’s eyes. He sat up slightly so his head was no longer touching Dean. Dean took his face between his hands.
“What happened in your fight with Chuck? Obviously, you didn’t die, like he wrote, so how’d you win?”
Dean decided they were the best burgers he’d ever had, besides his own. He ate all of his, and the one Cas ordered to keep up appearances, as well as half of Eileen’s fries, despite Sam pointing out she was supposed to be eating for two.
They both take a few minutes to soak in their surroundings. They could probably spend a thousand years there and still find something new to amaze them every day.
Dean tugs at the cuffs, but they don’t budge. He strains and tries to fold his thumb in to squeeze it out, but the cuffs are too tight.
“Nothing bad. Don asked to talk to me after my shift. You know how he's been talking about retiring? Well, he’s just told me he wants
He emerged from his bedroom, and walked to the front door, seemingly unphased by the two drunks in his house, and opened the front door.
“Oh, that one’s on you, Sammy. If I don’t answer when you phone me ten times, assume I’m otherwise occupied.”
Sam couldn’t stop a laugh from bubbling out of his chest. Then laughed harder. Within a minute, both boys were hysterical and gasping for breath.
Dean kicks the heel of his boot into Cas’s shin. He can still feel the action, but it’s satisfying nonetheless.
Cas had already made his way to the other seat in the back by the time Sam got in. Dean took Sam’s door before he could shut it and leaned in.
Eileen shot Dean a sideways glance for an explanation, and he gave a small shrug in response. Sensing their confusion, Zehra continued.
“Can you put some over my mouth? Dean still plans on screaming for help as soon as we leave the car.”
They had gotten stuck in the woods for over an hour because Cas kept throwing heads and leading them round in circles. They had almost driven straight into a farmer’s field because they didn’t pay attention to the road signs saying private road. They had spent twenty minutes trying to reunite a baby deer in the middle of the road with its mother off in the trees.
They gather their bags and head to the check-in desk where a bored-looking teenager is scrolling on her phone. She jumps when she hears the bell over the door jingle and tucks her phone back in her pocket.
“I don’t need a newborn of my own to deal with. I am raising a grown adult toddler antichrist nephilim who also happens to be God. I’m all parented out, okay?”
“Sammy!” he exclaimed and enveloped his unsuspecting brother in a hug. Over Sam's shoulder, he could see Eileen sitting up in the bed with a small bundle of blankets in her arms. Dean threw Sam away from him and walked towards her.
Cas stroked a hand through his hair, careful to avoid the graying ones at his temple he knew Dean was self-conscious of. “I was healing you for years. Not just your injuries, all of you. It’s all catching up to you, now.”
Dean looked away from him. He couldn’t listen to this. He didn’t deserve this kindness. Cas was wrong. He was just a blunt instrument, ready to be tossed aside when you were done with it. “Please, kid. Tell Sammy I–”
Cas sighs. In order to keep Dean from causing any more trouble, he leads them from the shop, and out to the car.
Cas set the shaker back down and took a deep breath to compose himself. Humans and their petty hang-ups about sexuality. He would never understand it.
Cas presses two fingers to Sam’s forehead to stitch his skin back together and heal the rapidly forming concussion.
After seeing nothing for several minutes, Eileen fell back into her seat and began to sob, deep, rattling cries. Sam sat on the seat next to her and tried to wrap her in a hug, but she shook him off.
“You and Sam were designed to be the perfect vessels for Michael and Lucifer. If you can hold an archangel, you’ll be able to hold me.”
Sam’s fears about having the two of them ganging up on him end up being unfounded; It turns out those two getting along is a whole lot worse than them fighting. Sam gets sick of them and leaves to join Jack on the spa retreat to try and cleanse his brain of all the horrible things he’s heard. It takes them three days to notice he’s gone.
“You and me.” He smiled, then paused. He seemed hesitant about what he was going to say next. “We are a ‘you and me’, then? We’re an… ‘us’?”
It takes them three more hours to find it. By then, the sun is really blazing down on them, and Dean would be worried about burning if not for Cas’s powers protecting him.
They followed after Cas to get the ice cream and headed back to the others, all of them juggling multiple lollies in their fingers thanks to Jack’s massive order.
Sam took a few more breaths to compose himself then stepped away from the wall. When he looked over at Eileen, she had her eyebrows raised.
“It’s the hottest day of the year so far. He’s probably off partying with a bunch of co-eds on a beach somewhere. You think he wants to visit some old men? We should just start without him.”
Eileen answered on the third ring. Sam thought she looked beautiful with her radiant pregnancy glow and full, flowing hair. She thought she looked like a puffy whale who kept throwing up in the toilet.
“You were round our house constantly, hovering over Eileen like a concerned midwife. It was super annoying. Did you actually care about her, or were you just hiding from Cas?”
“School, then,” Sam said in an attempt to get the conversation back to a safe topic. “How have you found your first semester?”
“She is. She’s so great. I’m in super big gay love with her. I’m going to take her to Paris soon. One day. When I can sneak past customs.”
“Seriously, man, I asked you to help because I thought you’d be good at this. You remodeled your whole house single-handedly, you’ve rebuilt your car from the wheels up, but you can’t assemble a crib?”
“Don’t worry, Jack,” he said, after he was done shooting daggers at Dean’s back, “we’ll figure this out.”
Dean cleared his throat. “So, uh, bathroom. Remodeled this too. Found the biggest, deepest tub possible. Gonna have so many bubble baths in here.”
The sight of Jack in the most unkempt state they’d ever seen him in was enough to make even Dean stop chewing for a second. But only a second.
Sam notices the higher pitch in the voice and knows it’s Dean speaking. He looks at him, confused. “What do you mean?”
“I wasn’t sure if you’d be conscious when I got to whatever gutter you found yourself in, so I needed space to throw your lifeless corpse.”
Cas sets down the needle he’d just picked up from the kit and sighs. “Dean, we discussed this. It may be several days until my grace is strong enough to heal this, so in the interim, we have to do this the human way. You’ve had countless stitches before, why are you making such a deal of it?”
“Nah, this is some millennial math. Sorry kid,” he clapped Jack over the shoulder, “you’re going to have to work that one out on your own.”
Cas just about manages to pick up the empty vessel and struggles across the room to the map table. With a thud, he drops it, enjoying the instant relief it gives his sore muscles.
“Because it looks like a ring box. I couldn’t be sure, of course, so I looked inside. And what do you know!”
“Of course, Harry. Oh, shut up, Sam,” she said upon seeing his disapproving face, “we’re on holiday.”
“Here.” Dean reaches into his front pocket and pulls out the flowers, slightly flattened by their hours pressed flat to his leg.
“It’s for your sake. Dean is very into watching trash television at 3 a.m. I thought you might want to sleep tonight.”
“And you know what?” Cas continued. “I tried to convince myself that it was okay. That you were a man of actions, not words. That you told me you loved me when you picked me up from the shops because it started raining, when you bought that yogurt I like, even though you don't, when you kiss the back of my neck when I’m working, just because.
“No woman that hot is interested in 1400s codexes. Yeah, I googled her,” he added, unashamed. “She was obviously hitting on you.”
“And doing nothing, that’s your idea of true happiness?” Sam winked at Jack but Jack didn’t seem to be following.
Eileen and Donna made their way to the kitchen. Dean could already feel this evening going downhill; a wine-drunk Eileen was a force to be reckoned with.
Together they walk slowly, and somewhat awkwardly, to the stairs. It takes them much longer than it should.
Cas toed off his shoes and kicked them to one side. Dean loosened his tie and threw it onto the chair with the rest of Cas’s clothes. He undid one extra button on his shirt.
Don looked up from where he was wiping a ketchup stain off the counter and gave Dean a once over. He didn’t look awed. “You got any experience?”
Jack smiled and sprinted away. Dean instantly regretted his decision; Jack and Claire always brought out the worst in each other. Their meetups always ended up with at least one broken bone or federal law. Cas had nearly thrown a fit when he discovered the two of them on the roof of the house at two in the morning with a bottle of whiskey last time she stayed over.
Cas didn’t answer right away. He was smiling, wider than Dean had ever seen, despite the tears. It was a look he had seen on Cas’s face before, a long time ago, but it was so different this time. This wasn’t an ending; it was a beginning.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Eileen said with a reassuring pat on his shoulder. “Sam hasn't been his favorite parent for months.”
Dean wrote a fake number on the notepad Cas kept next to the phone for recording message and handed it to her. “Sure.”
They get back to their feet. They avoid three more fireballs, Cas trusting Dean to call the shots so she can’t hear, until she casts a new spell, one she hadn’t said before. The angel blade flies from Cas’s hand and whistles through the air before landing in hers. With a maniacal laugh, she pushes them backward till their hips hit the desk and stabs down, pinning Cas’s hand to the solid oak.
“I— Cas, I—” Dean trailed off. He couldn’t find the words to express how he felt when he was put on the spot like this. He looked down to the floor.
Cas sighed at his antics, but nonetheless manhandled Dean so his head was on the pillow then got into the bed, too. Dean immediately snuggled up to his chest.
“And every day since, I’ve found a new happiness. If you’d asked me two months ago, my true happiness would have been watching you paint the walls of Jack’s bedroom that hideous shade of orange, because you knew he’d love it. If you’d asked me a month ago, I’d have said watching you slowly come back to consciousness after a night asleep in my arms, opening your eyes, and smiling when you saw me.
“It’s a fairly straightforward counterspell, given the strength of the witch who cast the first curse. We should be able to pull it off. We’ll need several ingredients, most of which is we should have in the bunker, some we’ll have to travel for, but the most difficult will be the blood of the witch who cast the first curse.”
“Sam taught me how to put a tracker on your phone. Oh, don’t you look at me like that. I knew this would happen. You don’t have to prove you’re still young and ‘hip’ by drinking yourself into a gutter.”
Cas put down his own now empty cup on the nightstand and started to put his own clothes back on to distract himself from Dean. He put back on his jacket and ill-fitting trench coat and tightened his tie around his neck. He and Dean both finished dressing at around the same time, and Dean walked around to the other side of the bed.
God, he was just sex on legs. How had it ever taken him twelve years to realize he was into Cas? But, speaking of sex…
Jack plodded off to the kitchen and Dean had never been so pleased to hear the sound of the coffee pot whirring in his life.
“Ah, the one that drugged him.” Cas nodded knowingly. Dean had had way too much fun recounting the story to him a few years ago while Sam cringed in the corner.
Cas watched the exchange in confusion and whispered to Dean from the corner of his mouth, “I will never understand the youth of today.”
Dean recognizes the feeling of the bunker’s kitchen’s tiled floors instantly and opens his eyes without hesitation. He’s glad he did. He gets to see Sam jump out of his skin, and spill some of the milk out of his freshly-prepared bowl of cereal.
Sam reaches for the gun tucked in his waistband and points it squarely at Cas’s chest. His demeanor instantly changes from friendly to antagonistic.
Dean froze. “Oh my god. We’re both dumbasses,” he whispered to himself. Sam was right. Damn him. “Wait. Is that why you moved your hands the other day?”
He didn’t have a second to register what was happening before Dean closed the already small gap between them and kissed him until he was breathless.
Apparently, there weren't many people who were willing to translate Young Adult literature into Gujarati.
His face dropped. “Oh shit. No, I can’t. This was my only other clean shirt. I changed when Harry threw up on me.”
Dean was about to put on their film, a cheesy, early two-thousands romcom that Dean was pretending he hadn’t seen before, when Cas spoke up.
“Why?” Dean almost dropped his beer. “Do you feel like a third wheel with me and Cas? Too much PDA? ‘Cause we’ve been trying to tone it down after that last time you saw us, I swear. Did you hear us the other night? Because if you heard me yelling ‘harder’ in the garage, it wasn’t what it sounded like. We were trying to move one of those old cars we couldn't find a key for and Cas wasn’t pulling his weight.”
There are hundreds of insects rustling around him, something he wouldn’t be able to hear without Cas’s celestial assistance. A bird lets out a soft coo that he’s never heard in a tree to his right.
He lightly tugged on the material. Dean had bought him it as a joke a few months ago, but Cas seemed to genuinely love it. He had bought three others since.
Sam took his seat at the table. “Yeah, I figured something happened. You wouldn’t have phoned me at nine in the morning on a Sunday to invite me for an ‘Emergency brunch’ if everything was okay.”
Dean turned his face to the side just far enough to have heard clearly. “I just turned down sex. With
“Obviously. Sorry I missed the wedding. I kind of had the police tracking my movements and I didn’t want to lead them to you.”
This definitely wasn’t good. Cas only swore for two reasons: if he was incredibly turned on, or if Dean was in big trouble. He had a feeling it was the latter this time.
He sets the shoes neatly next to the bed. “Dean. I don’t need to sleep. I’m an angel,” Cas reminds him.
Cas lets go for a split second to reach around his back and grab the handcuffs from the other side. He pulls Dean’s wrist behind himself and clips the free side of the cuff to his belt loop.
The wedding was a small affair. Most of Sam’s friends were dead, and most of Eileen’s believed she still was. Her great-aunt was the only member of her family that never got the news, due to her lack of internet connection.
Cas leaned forward to kiss Dean, but Dean stopped him. “Woah, slow your roll, you horny bastard. Let’s sort you out first. Drink this,”
Jack picked up the bowl and popped one into his mouth. Ugh. Dean had no idea why Jack loved those disgusting things so much. He definitely got that from Cas’s side of the species.
Dean took something small out of his jeans pockets. He held the black meteorite and sterling silver ring up to Cas.
“She has always had a loving heart. But the first sign he’s back on the drugs, I want him away from Harrison, do you understand me?”
“How you gonna eat all of those before they melt, huh?” Dean asked with butterscotch sauce all around his mouth.
“My point still stands. Anyway, there's a burger joint on the other side of town I've been wanting to check out. If you’re hungry, come with.”
Cas returned from the kitchen and chucked a small plastic bottle into Dean’s lap. “You can have these, though, and you’ll be grateful.”
“Now,” he starts, pointing the knife at their chest. “if I let you out of your get-along shirt, are you going to kill each other?”
“Exactly. Toned it down, not stopped. We’re not old grandpas just yet. Is that the best you’ve got, Sammy? ‘Cause I’ve got stories about you for days. Do you guys want to hear what Sam got up to with a watermelon at Stanford?”
The drag queen he’d seen outside earlier was already on the floor, dancing with a different man than the one Dean had seen with him before. He watched as he took a feather boa from around his neck and pretended to lasso the other man, pulling them closer until they were grinding their hips together.
Dean hung up. He put his phone back in his pocket and carried on with his dinner as if he’d never been interrupted.
Dean returned home on a rare day that Eileen wasn’t there with a parcel he'd picked up from their PO Box.
Cas pushed Sam up against the nearby wall with his forearm across his chest. He stood so far into Sam’s personal space that their entire bodies were pressed together. Cas held his face up to Sam’s so their noses were touching and looked him square in the eye. Sam breathed heavily, his lips parting.
They slowly started winding down for the evening, everyone heading to their respective beds. Dean managed to not complain about Claire and Kaia getting to share the queen bed in the guest room and him and Cas being stuck on the lumpy couches. Jack flew back to his student apartment for the night, once again using the excuse of no room, but he was obviously avoiding the busted-up old camp bed Jody had put out for him.
A few weeks had passed since they defeated Chuck, and Dean woke the same way he had every day since. He clambered out of bed, ignoring his headache and the dry feeling in his mouth, picked up the several empty beer bottles from the night before, and walked towards the voices he could hear in the distance, throwing the bottles in the trash on the way. Jack and Sam were at the map table, both on their laptops. Jack was frowning at his.
He takes a few bills out of Dean’s wallet, more than enough for the meal and a tip, and leaves them on the table.
“Dean, put that down,” Cas orders in the same tone he’d once heard a woman in the park use when telling off her misbehaving dog.
Dean scraped the whipped cream off his face. “I’m taking these away from you. You don’t deserve them.”
“Back home, then?” Cas asks once they’re standing and he’s wiped his hand clean of mud on his jeans.
They pass several fields and nod politely at the people working in them. There are a few farmhouses dotted along the way before they reach the center of the village, where the morning market is in full swing.
Jody pulled them all in for a hug in turn, Cas a little more awkwardly than the others. Harry ran past her and straight up to Claire, who gave him a high five.
“That handsome angel friend of yours! Such a shame he had to go, but he was getting in the way of my business.”
Cas lowers the menu to see Sam’s quizzical face. He looks concerned when he sees the shell-shocked expression on Cas’s face. “Cas? Is everything okay?”
Cas whips his head around trying to locate the source of the voice, but the bunker shows no other signs of life.
She flicked up the bottom of her dress to reveal a gun in a thigh holster. Sam frantically tried to cover it back up before Aunt Brigid noticed. A quick glance to the back of the room showed she was mentally criticizing the floral displays and had seen nothing.
Cas looks at the ten yards of concrete ahead of them. A distance he’d walked a hundred times with no difficulty, now it felt like a monumental task.
Sam reads the note aloud. “Glowl nuts, dried Aldina berries, powdered eaurgen. Yeah, should do, pretty standard stuff. And the others?”
“Really, Dean? You’re taking the dog?” Sam looked exasperated, but this was a common expression for Sam, so Dean ignored it.
“Fine!” he concedes. “You may speak to Sam. When we’re not in public,” he adds sternly when he feels Dean gearing up to speak.
“News spread quite fast. The dead languages community is small, only a few colleges have departments dedicated to them. All of a sudden I’ve got piles of documents from all over the world on my desk. I’ve had to stop book translations for the time being. My co-workers are confused. They have no idea how I’m doing this. I had to make something up about how all languages become easy once you know enough of them. I don’t think they bought it, but it’s easier than explaining you were in Mesopotamia at the time they were written.”
Sam frowned at him. “I don’t need advice from my gay brother on how to flirt with my own girlfriend.”
Dean barely had time to grab his drink before Charlie was taking his hand and dragging him to the dance floor.
Cas shifted his eyes from the sullied spot on the ground to look him resolutely in the eye. “If you’re not happy, you’re welcome to leave.”
“South facing,” he said proudly. “Through here to the dining room. I kept the exposed brick on the outer wall, but I had to replaster this one, where it was starting to chip. The wiring was a bitch in this room.” He mentally shuddered at the memory of trying to squeeze lighting cables through the very small gaps in the wall.
Cas makes his way to the storage cupboard to gather the cleaning supplies; a mop and bucket, and some bleach.
Eight episodes later, Cas closes the laptop and sets it back on the desk. He heard Sam get up about half an hour ago, but he wanted to finish the final episode before joining him.
A weak groan comes from behind them. They turn and rush to Sam’s side as he slowly comes back to consciousness. “Dea…?” he slurs.
“Because I need to talk to you.” Dean grabbed a head of lettuce and pretended to examine it to avoid making eye contact. “I just wanted to say, y’know. Thank you. Not just for Cas, but everything. Bringing everyone back, saving the whole world.” He gestured at the other customers in the shop. “These people all owe you their lives and they don’t even know.”
The guy who laughed had large, rippling muscles, visible even under his ill-fitting gown, and was holding hands with an identically dressed girl with elaborately styled curly dark brown hair.
Eventually, it grew late, so Sam and Dean headed to their rooms to get ready for bed. Jack also retired to his room, but he had no need to sleep. He liked to pretend, though. He found it made everyone else more comfortable if he didn’t act too unusual.
The top of Cas’s disheveled head is covered in several small wounds like he is being cut open from the inside. His face is flushed red and covered in a thin film of sweat, which trickles down his face and mingles with the blood.
This time it’s Dean’s turn to be speechless. “You want to ride my meat?” he squeaks after slightly too long, then winces at his phrasing.
They scan the ground for a flower that matches Cas’s description. They find several he recognizes, like poppies, cornflowers, and bluebells, and a few more that Cas’s provides him with the Latin name for when he doesn’t know them.
“I looked some places up and it looks like there’s a bar called The Saloon not far from you. Have you ever been?”
specifically. Cas never gives me, or anyone else, bedroom eyes. Have you even talked to him about this?”
“He’s still a bit young for that. He copies sounds sometimes. He got a few vowel sounds down. He sleeps through the night now,” he ended with a proud, and relieved, smile.
Cas only freezes for a split second before launching toward the bed. Dean laughs at how fast he starts unbuttoning his vessel's shirt, his hand vibrating with anticipation.
“I love you, Cas. I love you. I will always love you. From now until my final day, and then for all of eternity in heaven.”
The man lasted less than a minute before speaking up again, seemingly addressing the room as a whole, as there was no one sitting at his table. “Can’t even get a burger these days without some queers shoving their lifestyle down your throats. It’s disgusting.”
There’s silence in his head for a long time before Dean starts talking, slowly at first, like he’s not sure of his words.
“No, they’re not together.” Cas regularly texted Claire to check in with her, so was aware of her latest relationship already.
Their hands that were holding the coffee cups occasionally brushed when one of them lowered the cup from their lips. Every time that happened, they would lock eyes and smile. They didn’t talk as Dean continued to inelegantly shovel eggs into his mouth and Sam fixed himself some lunch at the counter. The silence was broken by the sound of a small crash from the other side of the bunker, and the three of them turned their heads towards it.
“That is a small purple flower that only grows in one small field in northern Italy. Once my wings are functional, I can easily retrieve some.”
“But the rest is a good start,” Sam says quickly, sensing his disappointment. “This was in Omaha, right? I’ll start looking up any known covens or activity in that area. I’ll check in with some other hunters, see if they’ve ever heard of this.”
“Wow, okay. Guess I picked the wrong afternoon to go out, huh?” he says with a light chuckle. “So, you’re wearing Dean for a few weeks, then?”
Cas hovers his hand over his vessel, his palm emitting a small light. “Yes. The spell is entirely removed.”
Cas smiled fondly at Dean’s grumpy morning attitude. He walked to the kitchen, barefoot, not bothering to redress properly. Jack was already there, wearing the same clothes as yesterday. Sam walked in a moment after Cas did. He was sweaty and flushed, wearing his jogging clothes. He looked Cas up and down and raised an eyebrow at his appearance. Jack missed the whole exchange and kept eating his cereal.
They followed the boys out of the kitchen, making sure to remove their shoes before walking up on the freshly carpeted stairs.
Cas walked through the door with a book in one hand and one of the dining room chairs in the other. Like the true old man he was becoming, he had taken to reading out on the porch recently. He settled in the chair, put on his reading glasses, and started to read Lizzo’s new autobiography that he’d just picked up from the library in town.
“It has no scientific name. No botanist has ever discovered it, and the locals don’t know of its rarity or abilities. The local children make garlands of it in the summer. They just call it ‘the purple flower’.”
Sam purses his lips, unconvinced. “Oh yeah, well if you’re Cas, then I guess you won’t mind if I do this.”
. Cas took Dean’s lower lip between his, then the top, then Dean felt a tiny poke of tongue that at first he thought was an accident, but a second, broader stroke told him that was not the case. He opened his mouth wider to permit Cas entry, and clutched his fingers into Cas’s shirtfront, leaving crinkles in it for all to see.
“Oh, Cas." She put a supportive, if condescending, hand on his wrist. "Everyone knows coffee on the third date means sex.” The ‘You poor, innocent soul,’ went unspoken, yet was heard by everyone.
“You’ll be fine,” Dean finishes. Well, that doesn’t seem too difficult. “So where are we going to find you a new meat suit? Just head into town and ask?”
Dean made a series of silly faces at Harrison, who didn’t seem at all interested, and closed his eyes again.
He looks over Sam’s shoulder to see Cas loitering on the doorstep, picking at another hangnail. He steps out of the hug and turns to the door. “And this must be the other Winchester. I’ve heard a lot about you, Dean. Come on in. I’ve got your root out back.”
Cas wished the ground would swallow him up so no one would have to know he was ever even acquaintances with them. “Dean, sit down. You’re embarrassing yourself.”
“Obviously.” She rolls her eyes. “I knew you’d come after me once I killed your little pet, so I figured I’d give myself a fighting chance. Do this on my own turf.”
world. These will stand up to any test and appear on any database, guaranteed, or he’ll pay our bail funds himself. He and Charlie also hacked all police and FBI records for us so when we use these it won’t alert the authorities. Even though we’re technically dead, our names would probably flag up an alert so they had to erase all of those. Took a while. We have a
Dean sat Cas down on the bench next to a simple silver-topped lantern, emitting a subtle blue glow from the small glass vial within it, and took a before steps back.
Cas spared him a brief glance, but otherwise ignored him in favor of sitting down in his favorite booth at the front of the diner. He started to absentmindedly play with the salt shaker to fill the time.
Once Dean was out of earshot, a man on the other side of the diner scoffed. “Thought this was a respectable establishment.”
Cas sets down his vial with a clatter on the table and looks up at a small mirror pinned to his wall so he can read Dean’s expression.
Cas tucks his wings to his back and sends them away from this dimension and lets his eyes fade back to Dean’s soft green. “Side table,” Cas states by way of instruction.
Eileen glanced out of the still-open sliding door. “Jeez, they’re not doing a very good job of hiding it, are they? I can smell them from here.”
Cas spots a hangnail on his left hand and tries to pick at it to make it go away, but ends up making it worse instead. “Sometimes I work on the case, if we have one, but usually I just watch Netflix. I’ve become quite addicted lately,” he admits quietly.
They all stared in disbelieving silence at Cas for a few moments. No one noticed Harry get bored and walk off to follow a snail making its way up the path.
“Well,” he took another step back so he was nearly touching the opposite wall, “I know you’ve only ever been attracted to women before so I thought you’d be hesitant about sex with a man, or, at least, an angel in a male vessel, and I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable or pressure you into something you weren’t ready for.”
Cas presses two fingers to the body’s sternum. The faint yellow light that comes out crackles like static for a few seconds before Cas cuts it off with a shuddering breath.
He picked up the sleepy toddler and let Harry rest his head on his shoulder. It didn’t take much rocking for Harry to fall asleep, despite the noise of music and dancing in the room.
“So Cas says I’ve never told him I love him, but I must have, right? Right? Sammy, please tell me you’ve heard me say that to Cas.”
Jack had successfully applied to the GED program, thanks to his false high school records that Dean had made, and now spent the majority of his time working on his homework. Unfortunately, as he had never actually been to school, there were some large gaps in his knowledge.
“When he was being possessed by Lucifer. Before Jack was born. I’d completely forgotten that, too. How batshit are our lives that something like that is a minor blip? Charlie was very impressed by that one, less impressed by the amount of grave desecration we’ve done. Sorted out Eileen, too. She was easy, just had to erase the one death record.
He took a firm grasp of the back of Cas’s neck to keep him still. With a skilled hand, he sliced a two-inch cut into his throat, just above his Adam’s apple. White, wispy grace started to flow from the wound, which he caught in a small glass vial and sealed. He dropped the knife with a clatter on the floor.
Dean started to lose himself in the music, some modern pop song he’d heard on the radio a few times but didn’t know the name of. Charlie took his hands and tried to let him spin under her arms, but she was too small even with her heels, and she just ended up batting him in the face and losing her balance. He caught her before she fell and they shared an uncomfortable moment when they realized Dean had caught her in a dip.
“Uhh,” Sam trails off. He opens the trunk and tosses out a few weapons he doubts he’ll need, and moves his duffel and the cooler to the backseat instead. “How's that?”
Dean burst into the room with the number on it that the woman on the front desk had told him without knocking.
“Dean,” Cas admonishes. He had wanted to skip that particular montage, but Dean insisted on watching the whole thing.
Cas stood from his chair, then paused and looked at Dean, as if asking permission, which Dean granted with a nod and a small smile. Cas kissed the top of his head and left the room.
Sam disappears through the beaded curtain. Cas only gets a brief glimpse of the room at the end of the hallway before the door slams shut, but it looks to contain many more legitimate items that a hunter might use, rather than the pseudoscientific homeopathic remedies in the shop. He couldn’t follow even if he wanted; there’s even more warding around the door to that room.
They walked down the aisle as quickly as Harry’s toddling legs would allow them, then sat down in the front row next to Cas.
Sam and Eileen joined the hug and smothered Jack in even more kisses, across his forehead, cheeks, the tip of his nose. Harry managed to find a space at Jack’s waist to wrap his arms around.
Cas shrugs off the flannel, then the undershirt, which is also spotted with blood, and picks up the first T-shirt he finds in the drawer and puts it on. He opens Dean's wardrobe to see a frankly alarming array of plaid shirts, in almost every color imaginable.
Three days later Sam’s phone rings. He sees Louis’s name on the caller ID, so he answers and puts it on speaker.
“It’s a vibrating baby alarm,” he explained. “The bracelet is connected to the receiver so when he cries, it’ll buzz. It’s got two settings. A soft one for daytime and a more intense one that’s strong enough to wake you up. I know ‘cause I tested it on Cas. If it can make Cas jump out of bed and throw a pillow at me before his coffee, it’ll work on anybody.”
“Depends on your definition,” comes his thick southern accent through the phone. “Someone just tripped my motion sensors outside the manor. My cameras ain’t great, but she’s maybe early thirties, white, brunette, skinnier than I like ‘em. That your girl?”
“Hi honey, I’m home,” he addressed the empty hallway and tossed his keys into the bowl on the counter.
“Yeah, you lose all your manners in California?” Dean criticized him through a mouthful of potatoes.
Donna wrapped an overly supportive arm around his shoulders and squeezed so tight he thought something was going to break. “What’s a family dinner without drama, eh?”
He turned back to her. “I used to do mostly books, but I started doing freelance for extra money when Dean bought the diner. Just a few manuscripts in old languages, here and then. Until I messed up a few weeks ago. Mostly, I translated things like Latin or Ancient Greek. Dead languages, but still known. Someone sent me a stack of documents to translate and accidentally included a photograph of a stone tablet, carved in an ancient dialect only spoken by one small village in what is now Estonia three thousand years ago. It was the end of the day and I was tired, I wasn’t thinking, I just wanted to go home and it was the last thing I had to do, so I just translated it and sent it back. I got a phone call the next day from the head of linguistics at Columbia University asking me how the hell I did that. Apparently, they’ve been trying to translate it for years with no luck.”
Cas sets down the book again with more force than before, causing a small thud. “Dean, could you please focus?”
They both turned to the arrival of a new sound. Footsteps. It took a few moments for Dean to place the owner, but through his brain fog, he recognized the drag queen from the night before, now without the wig and makeup, but still in the tight sequin dress.
This has suddenly got a tonne of views and comments after being dead for months. Where have you guys all come from? Love you all 💕
They find a secluded corner behind a fantastic smelling restaurant and with a quick flap of Cas’s wings are back in the bunker.
“I’m sure there is,” Cas says weakly, “but it will take too long to find it. I fear I only have minutes left.”
Harrison had become almost intolerable in the last hour of the drive, but Dean didn’t blame him; half a day in a car must be difficult for most children. At least all the adults in the car were used to such long stretches of wide-open roads and questionable local radio stations.
“Grazie,” he nods. He passes the tomato over to Dean, who cradles it awkwardly in his hand, having nowhere safe to keep it. He takes Dean’s phone out of his pocket and holds it up to his ear, conscious of the woman still watching him, and pretends to take a call. “She said I am very handsome and wanted to know if I am single. Her daughter is looking for a new relationship.”
They all fell silent, other than their panicked breaths. For a few moments, he didn’t hear anything, but then the unmistakable sound of a child’s scream reached him.
“We did! At first. But when we realized you just wanted us to babysit, we kind of… carried on. Look, it had been a while, okay? Cas has been busy writing his paper, I've been working on the diner expansion. It was the first free evening we’d had in weeks, so yeah, we were going to use it! What was so important that made you phone me that much anyway? You never explained.”
There were blackout curtains covering the windows to allow Dean to sleep in well past dawn. The dresser, ottoman, and bedside tables were all different styles but worked well together. The king-size bed had a large wooden headboard, soft cotton sheets and–
Cas shot daggers at him. “It’s the only time I’ve wished I had my grace again, so I could throw him back into Hell.”
Dean and Cas both yell out in agony, their voice coming out in two registers at once. Distracted by the pain, they lose their footing and collapse in front of her designer leather boots.
Charlie skipped inside. Dean grumbled his annoyance to himself as he put his wallet away and followed her.
They walked to the kitchen hand in hand, only stopping to make out again once. Cas instructed Dean to sit at the table then headed to the fridge to retrieve bacon and eggs, set a pot of coffee on, and got to frying.
Five shaky stitches later, he ties off the thread and looks down at his handiwork. It’s by no means perfect, but he consoles himself with the fact it won’t be permanent. He finds a dressing big enough and removes it from its packaging, then presses it gently to his sore leg.
“Right. I should probably move him, but, hmm…” Cas pauses for a second to think, and tries to wrap his head around the situation. “I won’t be able to lift him. With my grace depleted, I won’t have my full angelic strength.”
Dean hung up the phone, then ran to the bottom of the stairs and yelled up, “Cas! Jack! We’ve got a baby to meet!”
Dean dished up the beef onto his and Cas’s plates, then added some to the one in front of Jack’s empty chair.
Dean chuckled when Cas playfully shoved his chest, then got to his feet and extended a hand to his fiancé. "So. Off to the rest of our lives, then?"
Cas stammered and couldn’t come up with a good answer. The conversation died down until the mouth-watering smell of burgers reached the room, shortly followed by Dean. He had four plates balanced up his arms, and a grin plastered across his face.
“I’ve nearly finished filling out this form,” Jack replied, oblivious. “It’s taking forever. Do you know what my social security number is?”
The young waitress led them to a booth at the back of the restaurant and handed them all menus. Sam was pleased to see they offered one vegetarian option, right at the bottom in the fine print.
“You two.” Sam waggled his finger between his brother and the doorway Cas had just walked through. “I thought once you got all that unresolved sexual tension out of your systems you’d be easier to be around, but
To anyone watching, it would seem like they had lapsed into silence, but Cas can feel Dean’s mind working at a mile a minute, trying to find the right thing to say.
After she’d calmed down somewhat, she’d asked for Cas’s number, which he’d been reluctant to give her at first, but after realizing she wasn’t attempting to flirt with him he’d handed it over. She was a very fast learner and Cas enjoyed her company, even if she did stare in wonder every time he translated anything.
He knows Cas could do that for him, but he appreciates being allowed to take his time. Slowly, he cracks open one eye and brings up a hand to shield from the sun.
“I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. He was able to hold off Michael for a time, and I am nowhere near as powerful as him. Dean is very strong-willed.”
Dean says again, this time whispered in awe. He tries to reach behind himself to touch them but his hand just hits empty air.
“I mean you no harm.” Cas summons his own angel blade from his sleeve and rolls it across the floor to Everett’s feet. “There. Unarmed.”
Dean did the sign again, and this time, Harry waved his hands above his head like he was on a rollercoaster.
Cas made a face, his eyes haunted with the recollection of his last time he went out with Dean. “I’m not drinking anymore after last time. I got way too drunk.”
She doesn’t waste time, already spewing another incantation. The wind howls in the trees behind them. She shoots the next fireball at their head, and Cas rolls them to the side.
“Well, at first I thought you fucked each other’s brains out, but then you told me you hadn’t slept together yet, so then I figured you had a crazy make-out session or something.”
“I should have told you the first time you kissed me, the day The Empty took you, in Purgatory, the first time you were human in that motel, at the damn brothel.
He takes a pair of stainless steel tweezers from the first aid kit and douses them in antiseptic solution, then pours some on the wound and immediately regrets it. The pain that results was almost as bad as the gunshot itself.
“Hang on, you can see the future?” Dean asked, amazed. Jack knew this was going to happen? From the day Harry was born?
He’s been planning this for weeks. He’s retrieved the extra-large bag of popcorn from its hiding spot, taken the pillows from spare bedrooms so his butt feels like it’s on a cloud, and put on a pair of fluffy pink socks he’d found a thrift store a few months ago that are the coziest things he owns.
“You’re going to have to hold off the tongue-lashing, babe. Sleeping baby, here.” Dean said, not the slightest bit worried.
“Of course I do! I gave that guy what was left of my virginity! I wouldn’t do that for just anybody!”
She rests her head in her hands and stares up at him with a dreamy expression, like a preteen girl meeting her favorite pop star.
Cas followed him into the bedroom. He found Dean lying face down across the bed with his feet dangling off the end.
After three days of trial and error, Dean and Cas have a system. They can not only walk together, in a reasonably coordinated way, but also run, jump, and catch. Days spent running the hallways have got them practiced in making tight turns on the fly. Afternoons spent in the gun range taught them to shoot with both hands with deadly accuracy. Hours of Dean humming the Rocky theme music has Cas pulling out his hair.
The woman immediately starts talking in rapid-fire Italian, waving her hands, asking a lot of questions by her inflection.
Being engrossed in a particularly luxurious piece of Camembert, she missed the start of the conversation until she looked up again, just in time to see Kaia ask Claire, “Is it weird seeing your dad, or a guy that looks like your dad, dating another guy?”
Cas changed his grip so his hands were on the man's shoulders, and used his new leverage to bring his body down and knee him in his chin. Then, while he was doubled over, Cas elbowed him between the shoulder blades, causing him to fall forwards and cut his palms in the road.
“You didn’t seem to mind me using my powers to remove that tomato sauce stain from your favorite shirt,” Jack pointed out.
His voice hardens and he tightens his grip on the gun. “Alright, who are you, and what have you done to Cas?”
“No?” Sam panicked. Did she not like it? He’d spent hours choosing the perfect one in more than a dozen jewelry stores across three states.
On day eight of their cohabitation, Cas starts his turn in control as he always does by heading into his room, but instead of his usual two-finger press to his vessel's chest, he heads down to the feet.
They step over the threshold and into a massive foyer with a chipped gold-flecked staircase. Dust pools from the carpet with every step they take. Four doors lead from the entrance hall, so Sam points to a door to their left and starts walking towards it.
Cas’s voice is strained, as if speaking is a great effort. “Dean is trying to get control of the left arm, too. He wants to turn off your music.”
“Dean. You’re not going to like this, but my grace is finally strong enough to heal this body properly, so I’m going to start with this leg.”
He poured Jack a glass of water out of a pitcher, then did the same for the others and set it in front of them with a smirk.
Cas ignores his consequent insults and digs at his character and goes back to wiping a particularly stubborn stain on the floor. Dean eventually gives up and goes back to singing, now increased in volume and even more screechy than before. The voice in his head is so loud, he doesn’t hear the bunker’s front door open or the newcomer enter until Sam is right next to him.
“Of course. I don’t do it often, though. Trying to be normal and all that. I only check for the important stuff. Life-threatening events, natural disasters, you know.”
Cas searches through his memory for times he’s heard that song before. If he remembers correctly, it’s on the mixtape Dean made him. “Hmm, perhaps it is familiar. I’m used to hearing it in tune, so forgive me for not recognizing it.”
Dean turns to his new target. “Everett, buddy, help me out. This jerkface angel is holding me hostage.”
“Four. She seemed to be under the impression I was a widowed single father. I think she was just looking for a rebound after her divorce.”
“Dean,” Sam scolded, looking down at Harrison, who was luckily too busy shaking Miracle’s paw to notice. To date, it was the only trick they had ever managed to teach him.
Cas shoves his knee over into Dean’s. Dean tries to pin Cas’s leg down with his own, but Cas bucks him off.
Cas turns the key in the ignition and feels the engine roar to life under his hands. He flicks off the handbrake and shifts into drive.
Dean put down the vial on the bed and handed Cas a half-full bottle of whiskey. Cas took a large gulp then winced. “Ugh, I forgot how strong that is as a human.”
“Heya Sammy, you are never going to believe which psycho stalker ex of yours just showed up at my house.”
“You can what?” Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Those words had starred in every dream of his that wasn’t a nightmare since Cas died.
In the morning, as soon as Sam knocks on Cas’s door, he turns off the TV, grateful to be rid of the canned laughter in a repeat of a nineties sitcom Dean had already watched three times.
Jack adjusted the baby so he was holding him in one arm and used his free hand to poke two fingers to Harrison's forehead.
After Miracle had eaten all the remaining scraps of turkey, it was time to open the rest of the presents. Sam pretended to be annoyed at Dean’s gift of a CD of Céline Dion’s Greatest Hits but Dean knew he secretly loved it. Cas got Eileen a couples’ pedicure voucher, but Sam wasn’t too keen, so Cas agreed to come along instead. Harry had received a load of new toys which made squeaky noises that Dean knew would irritate Sam but delight Eileen.
“My father said it would be important one day.” Cas tapped the baby’s nose. “This baby is much prettier.”
“It’s Smågöra, and you’re doing it wrong. That screw goes on the other side.” Sam said in a patronizing voice.
“Yes, it was quite something. Entirely unprompted, too. She just let herself into my bedroom and started talking. I don’t think I got a word in edgewise.”
Dean sat on the sofa and put the remote to one side. “Yeah, well. I’m tired of looking over my shoulder. Living outside the law. Constantly scamming credit cards and hustling pool for money. That’s been my life for so long now and I want out. I want to get a normal job and worry about normal people things like paying the gas bill and quarterly reports, not worrying if the FBI has finally tracked me down.”
Cas glanced at Harry who was listening from Jack’s arms. He turned his back to the toddler and started to explain to Eileen what had happened in rapid sign language. Dean’s ASL still wasn’t perfect, but it was quite easy to follow what Cas was saying. Some of those signs were very self-explanatory.
They have the same conversation every day, and it always goes the same way. Now Sam is going to say ‘Me neither.’
Cas didn’t notice all the imperfections. He was staring in wonder at the lights hugging every other tree up the path, and the soft, light pink rose petals mixed with the autumn leaves on the ground.
Cas has no choice but to cling onto the steering wheel and focus on the road while his right arm fumbles blindly for the ejected tape. Dean reaches for the box of cassettes in the footwell to set it on his lap and pulls each one out, in turn, to hold in front of his eyes until he finds the right one and puts it in the stereo.
Dean’s smile didn’t falter. “What for? You’ve almost finished your food. There’s obviously nothing wrong with it.”
“These are on me. Or, more accurately,” she leaned closer so only he could hear, “they’re on Mr. Bezos.”
Sam picked up the instructions from the floor. “Dean, you hold this in place and I’ll screw it, alright?”
In unison, they take the hysleria root and chop it down to fine chunks, Cas holding it still while Dean slices. They scrape the minced root into the bowl and start on the glowl nuts. With the flat edge of the blade, they crack open the shell and toss the innards in whole. The dried Aldina berries and powdered eaurgen get measured out and tossed in with no other preparation. Finally, they uncork the two vials and pour them in, one in each hand.
“Dean, we’re supposed to be talking about your love life, not mine.” Sam rolled his eyes again. He seemed to do that a lot around his brother.
“Didn’t know what she was at the time. And if you're trying to make me look bad, it's going to backfire. We all know how that ended.”
Cas takes Dean’s phone out of his pocket with his free hand and quickly types ‘THE WAITRESS!’ in the messages app. He looks up just as she approaches carrying two laden plates. She looks confused as she takes in Cas’s unusual hand placement, but maintains her professional demeanor and doesn’t say anything. When he’s certain Dean has stopped talking, Cas lowers his hand.
“I’ve been waiting for the right moment. Some alone time, something romantic, but it’s been difficult with Harry now.”
“Everything you do in college counts. Or are you forgetting about what happened with the watermelon and the can of paint?”
“Uh,” Sam said, pointing to a small framed painting of a cat walking through tall grass on the wall that he’d just noticed over her shoulder.
Dean was adamant about packing all of his things into the trunk of the Impala, and driving him all the way to California, even though Cas kept telling him that Jack can fly and could have gone on his own. Dean insisted it was the principle of the thing; parents are supposed to take their kids to college and embarrass them in front of their new dorm mates. He did also want to test out the new mini fridge he’d bought for him.
Sam turns on his heels and leaves the room. Cas can hear his footsteps echo up the hallway now he’s not distracted by the film’s music.
Cas feels a wave of guilt wash over him. “Yes, of course. Let me make something for you. It’s the least I could do. You must have had the worst day.”
A week passes in the same pattern: Cas would spend twelve hours researching a cure, then Dean would spend his twelve hours doing whatever he wanted; watching films, mindlessly scrolling through social media, or playing video games. He had to direct Cas on how to hold the controller, which button was shoot, and which made them move. He lost a lot of games at first, but Cas eventually got the hang of it.
Cas scoffs at him. Together, they pick three flowers and tuck them into Dean’s pocket, Cas muttering about Winchester stupidity the whole time.
“Hey!” Dean picked up a pea from his plate and used his fork to catapult it into Cas’s forehead. It bounced off and rolled onto the floor, where it was quickly scavenged by a hungry Miracle.
“The guy looks three seconds from ripping your clothes off. It’s getting insufferable being in the same room as you two now, because I’m worried he’s going to jump you at any given moment. He wasn’t into the waitress because he’s clearly into
Dean wouldn’t admit it, but he weirdly missed yelling at Jack to keep the volume down at three in the morning, missed making three portions of eggs in the morning, missed being asked to proofread essays on subjects he didn’t understand.
Sam squatted down next to the bed and put his arm around Eileen. Dean took out his phone, the latest model that he’d only had a week, and pointed it at them. They both smiled genuine smiles at the camera. Dean took the picture and showed them.
Cas slips the vial back into his pocket and returns to Sam’s side. He grasps Sam’s shoulder and flaps his wings with determination.
Dean having control of his wings could be disastrous. Even the slightest mis-flap could leave them stranded on Jupiter.
Dean pushed Miracle onto the floor so he could curl up next to Cas instead and ran a hand up his thigh.
“Yeah, um, that kind of sex. Uh, why haven’t we…?” Dean let eyebrows finish the rest of the sentence.
“Casper?” Sam asked, looking up from where he was trying to memorize his new social security number.
“There’s a place not far from the bunker that does night classes for the GED program.” Sam continued, ignoring Dean.
Doctor Sexy looks helplessly between the two beautiful women, clearly desiring them both and Dean is already on the edge of his seat, pillows forgotten. The camera zooms in on all of their faces in turn, the music swells. Doctor Sexy takes a deep breath.
“They had translated two words that were very similar to other languages at the time, and my translation confirmed them. And the tablet mentions the area it was found and I would have had no way of knowing that.
Once at level ground, they look up to see Sam with his phone pointing at them, an arrogant grin stretched across his face.
Once everyone’s heartbeats had returned to normal, they pedaled back to the dock, even though they still had half an hour left on the rental. They all vowed never to set foot in one of those boats again.
They make a pit stop in Cas’s room to give Jimmy a blast of grace before heading to the kitchen. He nods at Sam, who is just finishing up his breakfast.
Cas realizes the voice is familiar. Achingly familiar. He picks up the prone body in his arms and looks at it quizzically.
Sam’s eyes flicker down from his face to feet and assess all the differences he sees in his brother’s body. How he’s standing up slightly straighter, his shoulders pushed back. How his hands are hanging stiffly at his sides rather than shoved into his pockets, and his feet are only shoulder-width apart instead of their usual broad stance.
Cas got into the front seat and turned the car on. The loud roar of the engine startled Dean back to consciousness.
“Hey, that’s all in the past. I’m a tax-paying, law-abiding citizen now. I drive at the speed limit, never park in front of fire hydrants, hell, I even voted in the last election.”
“What if he doesn’t forgive me, Sammy? We’ve never had a fight this bad, ever. Not even the time he found out I was lying to him about ketchup being a vegetable and he realized he’d been calculating his macros wrong for years. What if he leaves me? I can’t be without him.”
Jack had started applying for colleges almost as soon as he passed his exams. He spent weeks working on his admission essays, rewriting some, rewording others, and using his powers to disintegrate the ones he hated the most. He still hadn’t decided on a major when he was accepted into Stanford University, much to Sam’s delight.
“You went back to her place?!” Eileen was enjoying this so much it almost made her feel better about the time she dated a guy who turned out to have an apartment covered in My Little Pony memorabilia.
Cas tilted his head at Dean, but agreed. Harry didn’t take nearly as much convincing. Jack decided to stay behind to watch Miracle and eat his remaining ice creams. He waved them off with a curious expression on his face.
“This is the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen,” Sam states with the nonchalance of a man who sees a new weirdest thing of his life every other day and puts his headphones back in.
“Interesting,” he mused. “That works on both Winchester brothers. It must be a shared genetic trait.”
Dean huffed a laugh. He brought Cas’s hand up to his lips and kissed it. He took that to mean he was forgiven.
Dean turned to the man clambering to his feet. “In case you didn’t get the memo, you’re banned. And tell any of your close-minded friends they're not welcome either.”
She added them to her basket along with some equally tiny baby clothes in a variety of neutral colors and styles.
Cas tries to cover his mouth again but isn’t quick enough. “Stop it! No speaking out loud! This is my mouth now!”
“Okay, yes, I did do that. But that was, God, that was nearly twenty years ago. We weren’t dating at the time. Well, two can play at that game. Cas made out with a demon, too. And not for a deal.”
Cas fills him in on the encounter with the pissed-off witch and the subsequent possession of his brother.
The ocean stretched out for miles in front of them, the sun glinting off the white-crested waves. Several other families, also with young children, were cruising around in their paddle boats. Dean pedaled them further out into the expanse to avoid colliding with them.
They spun in slow circles, the only ones on the dance floor. Cas stumbled and stood on her toes a few times, but she didn’t seem to mind. Her hands kept creeping further down his back and Dean cackled every time Cas moved them back up.
He turned and left the room. Sam could hear “Cas, where are you? I’m gonna be an uncle!” echoing from down the hallway.
Dean gestured to his torn pajama bottoms that he couldn’t be bothered to replace. He grabbed a handful of skin on his hip that was hanging over the waistband and jiggled it. “I’m utterly unfuckable.”
That wasn’t what he was expecting Dean to say. Dean had been complaining nonstop for weeks, demanding control of his own body again.
That earned him an elbow in the ribs from Cas, but luckily it seemed nothing was going to stop Zehra’s compliments.
Cas pays with money he finds in Dean’s wallet and takes the keys she offers him. He hands one to Sam and heads in the direction she pointed them. Even before they’re out of the door, she’s back on her phone.
Even though it’s the last thing he wants to do, he knocks on Cas’s door. Cas angrily swings open the door with his left hand, his right still pinned behind him. “Good. You’re finally awake. How did you live with him in close quarters for forty years? Seventeen days and I am genuinely considering smiting myself.”
Dean and Cas were sitting at their dining room table, a succulent slow-cooked beef joint in front of them, which Dean had been dying to tuck into it for hours, but Cas insisted he wait until the whole family was assembled. Miracle sat on the floor at the head of the table, his eyes fixed on the beef, and his tongue salivating in anticipation.
Cas took two potatoes of Dean’s mountain of a plate and added them to Jack’s, then took the ones remaining in the bowl for himself.
Sam gladly books two rooms at the motel, as overpriced as it is, if it means he can have a few hours peace from the bickering.
“Alright, that’s enough!” Jody cut him off in her most commanding mom-voice, which caused the whole room to fall silent. “All of you. I thought we were all supposed to be adults here?”
"Does he tell you things that Sam has done? Because he's done way worse. Do I need to mention Ruby?”
Jack looked back at him with pity. “Maybe that was true once, but not anymore. Your life has evolved so much past random vampire hunts. You have defeated The Devil and God Himself. You’re Dean Winchester, The Righteous Man.”
He handed it to Eileen. “Made you a little something. It’s been a while since I’ve had to make an EMF meter out of a Walkman so my wiring skills were a bit rusty.”
“Yeah, I know, I think about him too. You know what? That pain’s not going to go away. Right?” Dean evaded. “But if we don’t keep living, then his sacrifice is going to be for nothing. So quit being a fricking Eeyore, huh?”
Dean walked back into the kitchen, muttering about how he couldn’t believe he was dating someone who didn’t like cheese on their burgers.
She squealed again and ran off, pulling Chad by the hand, causing him to stumble slightly before getting his footing and following her.
Cas let himself into the house and sat down on the couch. Miracle immediately jumped onto his lap and Cas started absentmindedly patting his head.
“That wasn’t me.” He notices the trucker across from him eyeing him with interest, so he picks up his menu to cover his face and whispers out of the corner of his mouth. “Dean, what the hell was that?”
It wasn't until Christmas that Jack came from college for the first time. Even though he could have flown back in a split second at any time, he wanted the authentic college experience, minus the pricey plane tickets. Plus his friends might find it suspicious if he managed to go home for dinner halfway across the country every evening.
She winked faux-flirtatiously at him. “I get it. I’m irresistible to the ladies and the fellas. At least you bought me a drink first.”
Cas’s grace gradually became stronger, but still had a long way to go. He was able to cure the cut to his palm and the bullet wound, much to Dean's relief. He was tired of wincing every time they moved.
“Anyway,” Dean interrupted the silence, “time for a picture. Jack, give Harrison back to Eileen.” He wanted the baby out of Jack’s reach as soon as possible, in case he changed his mind and gave him the power of flight or Spider-Man climbing the walls.
“We don’t have any Italian money,” Cas reminds him out of the corner of his mouth, not that anyone is paying any attention to him.
“Okay, that’s good. We don’t need a whole family of super-powerful witches coming after us if we take down one of their own. What do we need for the spell?”
Cas pauses for a minute. He’s never heard of a vessel remaining conscious during possession, not involuntarily anyway.
Cas heaved a long-suffering sigh and mentally wished his angel blade was in his sleeve, not in his trench coat pocket on the hook by the front door.
He can see the morning sunlight through his eyelids, and he feels its gentle spring warmth kiss at his cheeks.
His mind suddenly swam with the hazy memory of him and Charlie dancing to the artist's latest single, which he liked more than he’d ever admit. “Is that what I wrote? Charlie, what was in those drinks last night?”
“Had sex. I see why you like it so much. It’s very fun.” Jack skewered a potato on his knife and popped it into his mouth whole.
“Ah, yes, you don’t watch porn in a room full of dudes, and you don’t talk about it.” His mind swims with the very educational video he watched many years prior about a pizza man and a misbehaving babysitter. He never did find out precisely what she had done wrong.
“Cool.” Jack usually acted so human, it was easy to forget he was literally the most powerful being on the planet. Dean would never not be in awe every time he used his powers. “So, by the time you’ve finished your GED and go off to college you’ll be old enough to drink but not much older than the other college kids.”
Eileen grabbed a pair of jeans from a nearby rack and held them up to Cas’s waist. She shook her head and grabbed a size bigger. With a nod of approval, she handed them to Cas.
Sam does a double-take at that information. “Wait, Dean is still in there? Prove it, say something only Dean would say.”
Cas starts to prepare his wings, still invisible to Dean’s eyes, for flight, but he can feel Dean’s side of the body hesitating.
They got the last few ingredients, paid for them, and got back into the car. Dean hummed along to the music on the radio the rest of the way home. As soon as they got back, he ran off to the kitchen to start cooking, Miracle chasing after him. The faint sounds of Led Zeppelin could just be heard from the map room.
Dean placed small kisses up the side of his neck until he pulled away and let Dean work the ring onto his finger.
Dean’s thoughts linger on the feeling of her hand on his face, how Cas took slightly too long to knock her away.
“Thanks,” Sam mutters as he gets to his feet. He looks over at the still-smoking sockets in the body across the room. “Yikes.”
Cas doesn’t even bother to reply. He puts the first aid kit back above the cabinet and gathers the ruined jeans in a ball, not worrying about creases, and leaves the bathroom, only limping slightly.
“Yes,” he whispered, his voice breaking. He fell forwards from the bench and joined Dean on the ground, not caring that he was muddying his good work slacks, and buried his face in Dean's neck.
It wasn’t their anniversary, Dean’s birthday, or his own fake one. It had been an ordinary day at work that he was expecting to be followed by an ordinary evening, curled up on the couch watching whatever trash show Dean was into at the moment. He never paid attention.
Warning for Bridgerton season 1 spoilers, which isn’t something I thought I’d ever have to write in a Supernatural fanfiction. Also, completely made up spell ingredients.
“Oh no, you don’t get to do that. You’d better get used to that couch, ‘cause that’s where you’re sleeping this week. I’m going to bed. Alone. I haven’t slept all night because of you.”
Dean sits in front of the new television in the Dean Cave and gets nice and comfy. Sam is out for the day so he can do whatever he wants, and there was a feature-length episode of Doctor Sexy released at Christmas that he’s been dying to watch, but it’s never fit in with his schedule. Until today.
Dean slapped his open palm to his head then immediately regretted that move as pain radiated through his skull.
“You want me to leave the two of you alone?” Eileen teased after Dean spent slightly too long gazing at his new oven.
Sam turned to look at Dean, who still hadn’t moved, on the other side of the barn. “Uh, yeah. Great. We’d better, uh, get those kids home.”
“He could hear me worrying all the way from California,” Cas yelled from the kitchen he’d disappeared into.
Charlie had just about forced herself into a seated position but was still swaying slightly. “Ugh, about five different alcohols.”
As Castiel stood right beside them, he had the perfect view at the two of them. He could see Dean ploughing into Donnie’s rounded ass, and at the same time with just one step, he could touch and kiss Dean, or Donnie, as much as he liked. Donnie panted and groaned, and although Castiel really would have like to participate more in this nice scenario, he mostly stayed out of it and simply enjoyed watching the show.
And so Dean didn’t stop; he didn’t stop looking into Castiel’s blown out eyes in which the fire of the candles was reflected beautifully, he didn’t stop trying to memorize how each and every single part of Castiel’s body felt and tasted like, and he didn’t stop pleasuring himself, but most of all Castiel, until both of them climaxed and he saw Castiel’s beautiful pre-, mid-, and post-coital face, again.
But not so with Castiel… He could spend hours with just devouring the sight of Castiel’s naked body… the way his body moved when they had sex and he threw his head back when he came… the soft and stuttered incoherence when he’s reaching his climax and tries to talk… the gorgeous way he was able to come completely untouched… just by Dean’s words of all the things he wants to do to him…
“Oh honey, this isn’t over yet.” Dean said with a mischievous smile. After a moment of rest, he grabbed both of Castiel’s hands and lifted him from the bed, before giving him another kiss. “I promise, you’ll like this.”
“Why? Well, let me see… I called you at least a thousand times and you never came! We needed you! Cas needed you!” Dean practically screamed at Gabriel at this point.
“I carried her to one of the look-outs over there,” Castiel pointed into the general direction, “I let her down again and positioned her to lean on the ledge, looking out and into the beautiful night sky, while at the same time I positioned myself behind her.”
Surprised, Dean pulled away, only to see that Castiel had taken a picture of the two of them, kissing and in front of what certainly has to be the most beautiful sunset Dean had ever seen in his entire life. He smiled, and after he took another look at the sunset, he faced Castiel again, and said with a smirk, “I love you too, my little, sometimes waaaaay too romantic, Castiel. It seems like you just can’t shake off that angelic innocence and lovey-dovey stuff that is incorporated into your surname.”
“Later, Dean. First I need to take a shower.” Castiel said in-between kisses. Dean groaned in disappointment.
He intertwined the fingers of their right hands and kept them above Castiel’s heart after Castiel had raised them to his lips and kissed the back of his hand. He loved the fact that right now he not only felt the warmth of Castiel’s body around his dick as he slowly rocked in and out of him, and was pressed against him, but also felt the accelerated pounding of Castiel’s heart beneath his fingers.
“Shhhh! Don’t worry, Cas-y, I’ve got a little surprise planned for you.” Dean said, his grin becoming wider.
Castiel felt overwhelmed by the sensation of having Dean fill him up with these ever-growing balls and the fireworks of pleasure they ignited within him each and every time they brushed over his most sensitive spot. He felt like he couldn’t take this pleasurable torture any more, couldn’t take in any more of these balls, couldn’t endure to withhold his orgasm any longer.
After a few hazy moments of afterglow, Dean grabbed a small towel to wipe them both clean. But when Castiel attempted to stand up, Dean pressed his hands on Castiel’s thighs, keeping him in place. “Please, Castiel, stay. Just for another minute. It feels so nice feeling you so close to me.”
Dean buried his head in the pillow beside Castiel’s head, enjoying the hazy afterglow for a second before he eased out of Castiel, and while still breathing heavily dropped on the bed beside his partner and closed his eyes.
The combination of sensations Castiel felt now, the balls stuffed inside his ass and Dean pleasuring his cock, and the memory of yesterday’s fuck was just too much to bear for him; only moments later, he was spurting his release into Dean’s hungry mouth, feeling the fullness with every orgasm induced convulsion.
what I’m saying!” Dean said, tightening the grip on Castiel’s hands. “I’m just overwhelmed by the effort and care you put into this. Castiel, you know I like you very much and although it was probably THE best reunion I’ve ever experienced, I’m just baffled by the cute considerate way you planned all this. I might have expected to see you dressed in some skimpy drag someday, but THIS,” Dean pointed to the skirt in Castiel’s hands, “this is truly something special! Not least because the skirt in combination with the same-colored lilac shirt emphasizes the beautiful and deep ocean you claim are your eyes.”
“I hope you liked the appetizer because I just can’t wait to show you the main course.” Dean said while grabbing Castiel’s ass, pressing their lower bodies closer together, and while still bearing a mischievous smile on his face, he said, “I guess you’ve already realized that my little present aren’t just normal anal beads,” Dean said, now swaying their hips back and forth.
Castiel looked over his shoulder and into the large mirror he hadn’t noticed before while Dean dragged him into the shower, leaving the shower curtain open just enough so both were visible in the mirror. Dean turned on the water and positioned Castiel right under the warm spray, smirking while running his fingers through his hair. When Castiel’s hair was finally completely tousled, he leaned in for a long kiss, letting his fingers wander down Castiel’s spine down to his ass, giving it a nice firm grip. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth and started rubbing himself against the taller man.
The bed sheet was pushed almost completely to the end of the bed and Dean’s shirt had ridden up. Castiel looked at the exposed skin for a few seconds before he let his gaze wander further down to Dean’s shorts, ogling the very obvious bulge that he had already felt pressed against him several minutes ago. Suddenly, a thought crossed his mind, so he very quietly stood up from the bed and sneaked into the bathroom.
Dean didn’t really care so he just left it on and instead coated his dick, aligned it to Castiel’s still very well stretched hole, and gently rocked into him. And when Castiel moaned and slowly threw his head back, Dean buried his face in the hollow of his throat, kissing and biting it.
“Open your eyes, Cas. I want see you come! I’ve had to do without looking into your beautifully dilated eyes for far too long. Now I want to take it all in. Come on, look me in the eyes and just let go. Come on, Cas. Come. Come for me.“ Dean said, as he drew away from Castiel’s mouth and pressed their foreheads together.
“Yes. Actually there are: That was great and I’d really like to repeat it. But now,” Castiel said, taking the camera away from Dean and now focusing it on the both of them, “I’d really like to just cuddle with you and let you take a nap. You’ve been driving for quite a long time today and I’m pretty sure you must be exhausted from it. Therefore we unfortunately have to end this little video right now,” Castiel said, before he switched to photo-mode, “but not without taking one last picture,” and took said picture, before he finally switched it off completely, and laid it down on the nightstand.
“You know I’m not one for chick-flick moments, so let me just say one more thing and I’m done. When I said ‘I love you’ at the beginning of our trip when we celebrated our reunion in that shitty motel, it really was just an accident, but you know what? It was a happy accident, because I really do love you and though I’m still not quite sure why you haven’t dumped me a long time ago, I’m grateful that you are here… with me…”
As did Dean and Donnie; just as they were about to pass the room with the pool table in, Donnie saw that it was completely empty and therefore grabbed Dean’s arm, making him stop. “Hey Dean, do you fancy a round of pool?” He asked with a wide grin, nodding his head towards the inside of the room.
As Dean had arrived early and he knew that the two of them were probably going to ravish each other as soon as they arrived back at the car, hell, maybe even sooner because they had missed each other so much, he went straight to the men’s room to clean his pipe. He was so looking forward to see Castiel again that the last thing he needed was to come right on the spot as soon as Castiel merely did more than just touch or kiss him.
“Help you open them? Sure I can.” Dean said as he opened the first clasp and started caressing Castiel’s foot and leg in the process. He put the shoe on the floor and let the leg down slowly.
Dean shot Castiel a quick meaningful glance, and Castiel immediately removed his fingers, which got him a complaining whine from Donnie; he handed Dean another condom, turned Donnie around, gave him a quick kiss, and then walked over to the next shower.
“So, did you like it?” Dean asked after both of them had taken off their helmets and Dean had turned around and was now sitting backwards on the motorcycle, facing Castiel.
Castiel, though still feeling unsure about the whole thing, agreed eventually and actually tried to think about all the advantages of having such a video.
Drowsy Cas opened his eyes and when he tried to say more than Dean’s name, Dean soothed him by caressing his left cheek, indicating to say no more. All too tired and dizzy and feeling like his whole body was on fire, he willingly let himself get lifted up a bit in order to take the pills Dean gave him, and after having swallowed all of them down with a sip of –blessedly cold- water, he just as willingly let Dean put him down on the soft pillow again.
“I mean, not that your blowjobs aren’t already a masterpiece in themselves, but the cold sensation I felt while you were doing it? Jesus Christ, THAT was truly something I’ve never felt before! How did you do that?”
“I just love the way the skirt barely covers your sweet little ass,” Dean said as he gently stroked over said ass before he gave it a firm smack, eliciting a loud moan from Castiel’s throat. “Do you like that?” Dean asked.
When they finally drove back to the festival area, Dean was actually happy that they couldn’t talk to each other for a while. They had both shared so many stories and secrets that night, talked about their future together and about all the ways they are going to try to keep in touch. They had fallen asleep in each other’s arms for short periods of time, made some short and absolutely ridiculous videos with Castiel’s camera, and also simply sat together in silence. It broke Dean’s heart to know that the festival is going to end very soon now and that after that they would have to part ways again.
Donnie just smirked, got down from the table, prepared all the balls, and indicated for Dean to do the break-off shot.
Dean didn’t give him the chance to finish his sentence, but instead just kissed him silent, and in the end that was all Castiel needed as an answer. This time they were more successful, though it didn’t last for very long and Castiel leaned away again.
“Turn around.” Dean told Castiel in a tone that left no room for protest, not that Castiel even thought about trying to protest. And so he turned around, enjoying the wonderfully warm waterfall running down his back, while Dean pressed himself against him once again and dragged his tongue along Castiel’s most sensitive part of his neck, making any word Castiel wanted to utter die out in a muffled whimper. Castiel threw his head back and braced himself against the wall as he felt Dean’s fingers circling his entrance before he pressed one in.
“Not fair, man. I want you. I need you.” Dean growled as Castiel moved away from him, took his dirty clothes from the floor, and walked towards the bathroom.
Dean couldn’t finish his answer as Castiel reached down and raised him up so he could kiss him, deep and passionate. When Castiel pulled away, the fingers of his free hand were still dug into Dean’s soft hair while his other one was holding the camera. He let his free hand fall down to Dean’s hips, pressed their heads together, and whispered, “Thank you, Dean. This was really a marvelous surprise. I love you Dean Winchester. You and all your crazy ideas.”
“Well, I wore it, washed it accordingly, and everything’s fine. Now I just have to put it back in my suitcase and take care that nothing happens to it until I can sneak it back in between her other skirts”
Dean’s features were so peaceful and due to the sun shining through a small gap between two curtains, Castiel was able to see each and every single freckle on Dean’s face. He smiled as he tried to count them and thereby remembered Dean’s unnerved face whenever he tried to count them by repeatedly poking his face, touching each freckle on it.
“Well, I hope you think the same about this.” Dean said, as he now took in the whole length of Castiel’s cock into his mouth and started bobbing his head in a rapid manner.
Castiel’s thoughts were completely wiped clean from any plans or intentions Dean had told him about, all he craved for was finding his release. And when Castiel realized that Donnie had let his mouth go completely loose, he lost it. He shot one quick glance at Dean, who was visibly turned on and already touching himself, tightened his grip on Donnie’s hair, and erratically moved his head up and down his own dick until he shot his release relentlessly into Donnie’s mouth and thereby into the condom.
This version of Castiel was nothing like the shy and insecure one he had met last summer and briefly a couple of times ever since. Not that he didn’t love this version of him, and of course he had heard many stories from Castiel himself about him being more proactive these days, but he had never experienced this new thrilling side of Castiel himself, or rather not in such a concentrated form.
“A very good morning, Cas.” Dean said with a sappy smile, and exhaled deeply. “God, what did you do to me? Is simply kissing someone awake that outdated?”
He dreamt of those blue eyes kissing his lower body, circling the navel, and pushing his shirt upwards. He dreamt of gentle hands that caressed his skin and played with his nipples. He dreamt of soft touches, kisses, and gentle bites along his inner thighs.
When Dean came back into the room, Castiel wasn’t lying on the bed anymore; instead the balcony door was open. Dean put the luggage on the floor and smirked. He locked the door, kicked off his shoes and socks, and went out on the balcony, remembering that the room, beside other things, also had a Jacuzzi on their little private balcony that was not accessible to public view.
Castiel now began alternating between swallowing the cock whole, just the tip, while jerking him off in accordance with the bobbing of his head, and licking along the whole length of Dean’s dick and sucking and licking on his balls.
“You know the funny thing is that we weren’t really alone, you were kinda with us the whole time.” Castiel said with a smile.
“Missed you too, Dean. I… aaah…” Castiel groaned as Dean’s thrusts became harder. “Dean… Dean, I want you. I want all of you. Please… please, don’t stop.”
“No problem.” Dean said as he wrapped his hands around Castiel’s right leg and gently let his hands wander downwards until he could lift the foot up to remove the other sandal. Once he was done he threw the shoe on the floor and kept Castiel’s leg in its position with his thighs clasped around it. He let his hands wander up and down Castiel’s legs and over his sides. Then he began to kiss Castiel’s thigh and moved towards his navel, putting soft light kisses on the skin.
He aligned his cock, and let the head slowly pass the rim, before he bottomed out again, only to move back in seconds later. And with each penetration he protruded a little further until he was finally completely buried inside Dean, stopping all movement for a moment to enjoy the sensational feeling of his dick being sheathed by not some random guy or girl, but by his actual boyfriend.
Castiel, not asleep at all, instantly tried to stand up again, but getting dizzy by doing so, he quickly regretted his decision and slowly sat back down onto the bed. But sitting was not enough; therefore Dean pushed him all the way down on the bed until he was lying on it comfortably, all the while scolding Cas for behaving worse than a sick little child. Knowing any further actions or words would be futile, Castiel lets Dean tuck him into bed and cover him up with an additional overly comfortable duvet. And when Dean told him not to move and that he would be back in a second, he obeyed willingly and didn't move an inch from where Dean had tucked him in.
Castiel let his gaze wander and now admired the completely tousled hair, remembering that Dean didn’t even bother to own a hairbrush, because in his own words he “only had to run his fingers through them a few times and they were perfect.” Castiel’s eyes lingered on Dean’s absolutely soft, lusty lips, before he admired his strong arms, remembering all the times Dean had manhandled him.
“Deeeean.” Castiel moaned, as Dean began stroking him again. “Dean… shower. Please… better in the shower.”
Dean smirked. “Well lucky for you then that this feeling is mutual. Because I just can’t wait to reclaim your whole body with a thousand million kisses until you beg me to stop. In fact, you know what? Why don’t we start with my mission right now? Unless of course you are still hungry, then-”
Castiel groaned as he opened his eyes again. “Yes, just like that. Just let go.” Dean said in a husky voice as he kept stroking Castiel now even harder and faster, while simultaneously squeezing his ass with his left hand.
He still couldn’t believe that Dean actually chose to be with him and to spend more than just one night with him. Before he met Dean he only had one relationship, which had lasted for four years. He and April had been very happy together and they had even already had made plans to get married, but then one fateful night he had caught her cheating on him with one of his best friends. He had been heartbroken and had immediately taken the chance to accompany his sister Anna and her friend for a vacation at their mum’s in America. Castiel had felt like he could never love again and the last thing on his mind was falling in love with anybody for a very long time – and least of all someone like Dean.
And so after Dean helped Castiel to climb off the bike, strip out of the panties, which he instantly threw away into the next trash bin, and started to wipe him clean too, Castiel asked hesitantly, “Dean, um… did you bring my camera? Because if you have, I’d really like to film a little bit or at least take some pictures, so I can remember this moment too in my own lonely hours.”
Castiel hollowed his cheeks and began moving his head up and down Dean’s erect penis, his lips carefully wrapped over his teeth, his tongue lizardlike swirling along Dean’s shaft, turning Dean’s moans more and more into an endless sequence of encouragements.
Dean took another quick appreciative look at Castiel and his imagination immediately started running wild with all kinds of sexy scenarios. Of course he had thought about this, about Castiel wearing the skirt while they were driving; that was actually what Dean had been hoping for.
“I know Cas. I missed you, too.” Dean said as he crawled on the bed, towering over Castiel’s body before he leaned down for another kiss. Quickly Dean’s lips left Castiel’s mouth and started to rediscover every single contour of his lover’s face, his laugh lines, the arches of his cheekbones, the soft eyelids that covered up the endless ocean of Castiel’s eyes…
Castiel swallowed hard, but instantly obeyed. He put his shoes back on and got out of the car, bend over the hood, and spread his arms and legs, looking at Dean through the windshield, pleadingly.
“Dean, I… um… I want to thank you. Thank you for this absolutely amazing and memorable vacation, and I’m not just talking about this out of the world hotel room, which has probably cost you a fortune-“
The second day was not short of interesting pickups either and eventually Castiel even showed Dean where he and Amelia had been successfully hiding from the rest of the festival attendees. It was a small room in a very secluded part of the castle with a massive bed in it, reachable only by climbing a lot of stairs. But the climb was definitely worth it, not only because of the amazing view over the whole festival area, but mostly because due to the room’s high location there was almost no chance of anyone disturbing them there.
Castiel giggled internally, remembering the first time they had kissed and enjoying that although Dean had accused him of being too romantic, he still did just the same thing right now, making them both nostalgic. Castiel groaned, spurring Dean on; their kiss now became harder, hotter, and more intensive and Castiel pressed their bodies even tighter together as he got swept away in the passion of the moment.
Dean had generously lubed the vibro balls and after having pressed the first, the smallest one, inside Castiel, he let a second, a bigger one, follow suit, making Castiel shiver as he felt the two balls rolled against each other. Dean just smirked, and while holding on to the string of balls with his right hand, letting the next one circle around Castiel’s pucker, he slowly crawled up Castiel’s body until he was able to look into Castiel’s eyes again.
Although Donnie was loosened up from their previous encounter, he still panted and had to force himself to breathe evenly and relax, reveling in this pleasant intrusion and the welcoming feeling of being split open and taken by someone as attractive, but most of all, young as Dean Winchester. His usual partners were much older and less gentle with him, but Dean felt like a gift send from heaven, or hell, because in his opinion Dean was either a true sex-god or sex-demon, either way, he fully intended to make the most of his time with him.
Castiel smirked, “Yeah, I know it feels good, but I’m pretty sure it feels much better if I straddle you back in the Jacuzzi because,” and Dean could now feel Castiel trembling slightly above him, “to be honest, I’m actually feeling cold. Can we please go back?” Castiel asked a little whiny.
“Well… you know that really sounds very nice in theory, Cas. And I really appreciate all the work you put into this surprise, but-“ Castiel moaned again as Dean suddenly even more vehemently started stroking his dick and now even breached his opening with one finger, letting it gently slide in and out of him. “-I think in practice I’d much rather devour your body now, and then come back into the Jacuzzi later.” Dean purred into Castiel’s ear. “Don’t you think?” He asked.
Castiel moaned and closed his eyes for a second, completely enjoying the feeling of being so close to his boyfriend again; to feel him inside him once more and to be so completely filled up by him. It was a glorious feeling and he never wanted it to stop. Dean was the only one he ever allowed to penetrate him; with all other women and men he had fun with he was always the one to fuck them.
“I think,” Dean began to say while placing both of his hands on Castiel’s thighs, hastily moving them upwards towards Castiel’s panties, “you enjoyed it very much.” He finished saying, stroking over the bulge in Cas’ panties, feeling and seeing the dried cum but also that Castiel was on the verge to come again.
“Yeah, you are probably right, Cas.” Dean smirked before he continued, “and hey why be content with just the mirror above the sink if we can watch each other in the tall mirror on the wall?” Dean winked at Castiel and stepped into the shower that was big enough for two.
They both remained in this position for a few seconds, before Donnie let go of Castiel’s cock, knotted the condom, slowly stood up, and threw the condom to the nearby bin. And while Castiel still recuperated for a second, Donnie was already greeted by Dean’s hungry mouth.
Luckily, Dean currently didn’t have to decide anything because, while he was still thinking, Castiel took matters into his own hands, literally.
But getting angry wouldn’t help Castiel right now. Instead he put the heavily laden tray down on the floor, sat down on the bed beside Castiel, and tried to wake him up by ruffling his already messed up hair and softly whispering his name. Dean felt even worse for Cas when he lightly brushed over Cas’ forehead and realized that now he also had a fever.
Castiel obeyed, and after Dean slid the panties to the side with one hand, he started to pull on the string with the other one to slowly remove the balls, one by one. With each ball that left his body, with each pull on the string, the balls stroked over Castiel’s most sensitive spot, making him moan and beg for release.
But that was the past. Ever since he had met Dean, he too hooked up with all kinds of people when he felt like it. But in contrast to some of his brothers, he never deluded anybody just so he could fuck them; this was the part that was still completely in accordance with his old personality. He only slept with people who were looking for the same thing he did, meet fleetingly, have a good time, and then never see each other again.
wide-awake, and why he hadn’t had much sleep that night even though they were both completely spent: He didn’t want for Castiel to leave and by staying awake he tried to delay the moment he had to say goodbye to him.
“Oh Dean, I just know you would enjoy fucking her, just as I did. To squeeze her heavy breasts as they rock back and forth with every push into her innermost, to feel her nipples below your fingertips as they stiffen, to feel her warm inside wrapped around your dick, to rub your fingers against her clit while fucking her, feel her insides tremble around your cock as she comes, it’s just-“ Castiel heaved a long moaning sigh as his body accepted the last, the biggest, of the balls.
Back at the festival area, they lay down in their sleeping bags, and tried to get a few more hours of sleep. And when Dean gave back the keys to the motorcycle the next day, he thanked the owner in the most pleasurable way he could think of, by sucking his brains out through his dick. After that, Dean and Castiel roamed the festival area, enjoyed the music, and tried to find suitable usages for every last condom in Dean’s duffle.
“It’s Castiela, and I’m more than willing and happy to show you that I’m neither little nor cute.” Castiel said, switching his shorts for panties faster than it took to actually say that sentence, whereas a telltale bulge already proved his first claim to be true.
“I’ve slept beside you that’s always my favorite place to sleep, and I never sleep as well as when I’m cuddled up to you, Dean.” Castiel said, and wrapped his arm with ostentation around Dean’s chest, his head resting in the hollow of Dean’s throat.
done.” Dean said dominantly, panting desperately as he was chasing his orgasm. One last hard thrust and Dean came long and hard inside Castiel.
Cas is lying at the bottom of the stairs, halfway under a metal filing cabinet. Several others are upturned around him, their contents spilled everywhere. Dean should be alarmed that Cas doesn’t even have the strength to lift the cabinet, but he’s too distracted by the state Cas is in.
The others had finally made their way over a few moments later, having not elbowed any jubilant parents. “Hey, I went to college,” Sam pouted.
“Uh, you're welcome, by the way,” Jack said to break the silence that followed. “I just saved all your asses.”
“Well, I couldn’t put Castiel,” Dean defended. He hoped Cas wouldn’t mind the new name too much. “Sounds way too biblical. People would think he was some cult dude with twelve wives or some shit. Casper seemed human enough, and you can still go by Cas.”
Dean was spared having to break up an argument with Cas, who had just started to stand up with fury in his eyes, by the main doors opening at the back of the room.
“What? You think I’m just going to tell you my evil little plan?” She laughs, a single cackle. “Monologue for you to give you a chance to escape? I don’t think so.”
Cas opens the door to Dean’s room, heads straight to the drawers, and starts rummaging. He finds a pair of blue jeans that look practically identical to the pair he just took off and pulls them on, taking extra care when doing up the button to not touch anything.
“No idea. Can’t wait to find out.” Dean leaned backwards and let his arm fall over Cas’s shoulders. Cas instinctively snuggled closer and looked up at him.
“I'm not sure how to. I woke Cas up in The Empty, before, but he got himself kicked out. And I was only a baby then. I don’t remember how I did it. This is more difficult. Let me focus.”
“Are you okay? How do you feel?” Dean couldn’t stop himself from patting every inch of Cas, as if we would fall apart at any moment.
The evening started to get hazy somewhere around Dean’s fourth cocktail. It all became a blur of feathers, glitter, and dancing until it all went black.
Cas put down his cutlery, and gave Dean a look he'd come to realize meant he was about to get a lecture. “You don’t have to go on a bender to prove you’re still young, Dean.”
Cas picked up a few more pairs of jeans, then some cargo pants, and a pair of yellow shorts that Eileen made him put straight back.
“I’m calling him.” Cas addressed the ceiling and ignored his food, unlike Dean, who had started to eat his lunch so fast he was almost inhaling it. “Jack? Are you coming?”
Cas's head snapped up. “Of course you are. You barely said a word to me at dinner. I kept catching you looking at me out the corner of your eye and you looked disgusted.” Cas’s voice choked up on that last word.
Dean snatched it out of Cas’s hand. “I’ve seen you stoned. It is not a pretty sight. You can’t be trusted with that.”
Dammit, how was he supposed to get his words out with Cas staring at him like that? He wasn’t even doing anything, and Dean was already flustered. And his
He was about to take another drag when he heard footsteps coming up behind him. He quickly removed the blunt from his mouth and hid it behind his back, hoping the smoke trail wouldn’t be visible in the dark.
With a crackle in the electrics, his wings appear behind him. They move slowly, stiffly, with disuse as he unfurls them to fill the room. His eyes light up a shocking blue.
“Yeah, I got a problem.” He stood from his chair and crossed over to Cas’s table. “I just found out my dinner was made by some pansy, and who knows where his hands have been. I’m probably going to need shots.”
Cas watched the purple light dance over Dean's content face, the shadows of the clouds reflecting on his eyes. Cas put his bottle down on the ground and took his hand.
Moments after settling into his room, he can hear Cas, having removed the duct tape, yelling “How dare you call me that!”
Dean laughed at Cas’s startled expression and settled himself in his chair with a fresh glass of champagne.
Dean was already picturing the blood pressure medication his doctor would prescribe him at his next check-up. He was sure he could feel more hair turning gray by the second. “Cas, tell him.”
Jack wriggled himself free of Dean’s grip. “You let me smoke weed as long as I don’t do it in the house.”
Eileen's eyes lit up, and she leaned forwards in anticipation. “Well, now I have to know everything.”
“When Douche-ariah zapped me forwards into an alternative future. Sam was possessed by Lucifer, I was a jerk, and Cas was human and drowning himself in drugs and women.”
The memory of Rowena storming around his room appears in his mind, as fresh as if it were yesterday. How she paced from side to side, arms flailing, stopping occasionally to point at him for emphasis, before screaming in frustration and slamming the door behind her.
He puts one arm around the shoulders, and one under the knees and heaves, groaning under the strain.
Sam pulls over on an empty stretch of road and reaches into the back seat for the duct tape. He gets out of the car and yanks open the passenger door. He grabs Dean’s leg, struggling to hold it as Dean kicks at him, and manages to wrap the tape around his ankles, tying him and Cas together.
He resumed his stroking and said softly, “I’m aging too, you know. There are wrinkles on my face that weren’t there a year ago. My wrist hurts when I type. And I think I might need glasses, too. Looking at a screen all day is giving me headaches.”
“It’s not funny Dean, I’m having dinner with Eileen’s great-aunt tomorrow. She’s come all the way from Ireland to meet me and the baby and I’m going to turn up smelling like a stoner.”
Oh yeah. This was the right woman for him. Sam smiled then got to his feet and leaned down to kiss her.
The look on Sam's face said he wasn’t fooled, so Dean stopped pretending to hide. “Well, I was going to join you for a walk. I could do with one after that meal. But I see that was a lie. Confiscating it for his own good, huh?”
“I’m the one being tortured. Eight billion humans on this planet I could have fallen in love with and I chose
Cas handed Harrison to him. Jack was hesitant, but he remembered Dean’s advice from earlier and made sure to support his head.
She returns a few minutes later with a full pot of coffee and two ancient mugs, which she sets in front of them.
He barely took a swing with the blade before Cas kicked it out of his hands, sending it flying. He grabbed the man by the chin with his left hand and pulled his angel blade from his inside pocket with his right. He spun it around in his fingers and pointed the tip of the blade into the man's jaw, right at the junction with his neck.
"Yeah. Yeah, I know." Dean smiled. "So how are things with you and Eileen? I hope she knows you're a man with a future. Butlers make good money."
“There’s two beds. You gonna bunk with me?” Dean asked. Castiel thought the question was not as casual as Dean wanted it to appear, but he couldn’t be certain.
Cas contemplated continuing, but the idea of Dean coming apart on Cas’s cock was infinitely more appealing than on his tongue. Cas wanted to see his face and hear his noises from up close. Cas slicked up his finger and tested the stretch, to find that Dean was more than open enough. Still, ever thorough, Cas added another finger and scissored them a bit to make sure. Then he sought out Dean’s prostate, just to be a bastard.
“Don’t worry, baby. I’ll talk you through it. Or,” he added, unsure of when he’d become so bold, “I can just do it myself and you can watch so you’ll know next time.”
Sentences were no longer an option. Dean’s world narrowed down until it was nothing more than the warm, wet caress of a tongue against his hole and the throbbing want in his belly and groin. Cas made sounds of pleasure against him, but he barely heard. The vibrations of the sounds on the other hand, he felt those, and they excited him even further.
They kissed and petted and undressed their way to the bathroom. Cas pulled away long enough to turn on the shower, but he left one hand on Dean’s skin as if he couldn’t bear to be physically disconnected for those few seconds. It made Dean giddy.
Dean reveled in the deeper growl Cas gave at that. He'd never been desired this much, and he sure as hell hadn't ever wanted anyone this badly. He needed Cas inside him as soon as possible or he was going to lose his mind.
It took him a couple of tries, since his limbs had forgotten how to function during the centuries Cas had been eating and working his ass, but he finally made it. Cas went right back to fingering him open, this time with even more lube to smooth the way. And then—
When Sam had suggested Dean was looking for a roommate, Cas had been worried. Still, he’d needed a place to stay, and he liked Dean as a person, so he figured if Dean was willing, it was the best idea. The fact that Dean didn’t recognize him wasn’t that surprising. He’d still been wearing glasses then, for one thing. He wasn’t very memorable for another.
Jacob offered a rare smile, though a small one. “He may come whenever you wish. Although, since tomorrow is Friday, perhaps this weekend is a good time?”
! Hell, she ain’t even Jewish! Not that that stopped him inviting her to celebrate Hanukkah at his place.”
He was almost to the bed when Cas tackled him from behind with a growl and they were tangled on the bed.
Once he got to the office, Crowley had called him in to tear him a new one—which Dean suspected was due more to Dean’s spurning the man’s advances than any actual work failure on his part, but he would be hard pressed to prove it.
As Dean made his phone call, Castiel reflected that he was enjoying his time with Dean, perhaps more than was wise. He was inexperienced, but he recognized in his reactions from the day behaviors like those of the other boys his age when they were interested in courting one of the girls. He had never experienced physical attraction to anyone, but he was sorely afraid that was what he was feeling for Dean.
Dean ran the bath and then took advantage of the empty house to take care of his baser needs. He didn’t exactly get much of a chance to help out little Dean when he was in juvie, so it’d been about a week since he’d last relieved some tension. He forced himself to take his time, not wanting it to be over too fast, since he didn’t know how soon he might get the chance again.
Dean felt Cas’ sigh as much as heard it, right before Cas looked up, his face red and looking every bit as mortified as he had when he’d slipped at the library. Then Cas glanced down at himself and Dean suddenly understood—though he was even more confused once he did.
Cas was, however, still Amish. And the plain people did not allow homosexuality. Cas would never stop being Amish, Dean was sure. So getting involved with him was a sure fire way to get his heart broken but good. Dean couldn’t. And it made life hard.
Before Dean could process what was happening, Cas was turning around. He wrapped his arms around Dean and snuggled up tight again. Dean was barely breathing.
“Fine,” Cas growled and stalked forward to drop himself on the nearest settee. “But it won’t change my mind, Bal.”
hugs and kissed, my lovelies. i know i've been bad with the whole responding to comments thing. gonna do that, promise. so send me more? i read and love each and every one of them, i swear. they keep me going on the bad days. ♥♥♥
“Please get married today so you can move out tomorrow,” Sam said in a monotone. “You’re horrible people.”
“I think I might need to test the goods again one more time before I can be sure I wanna get hitched to you for all eternity.” He advanced as he spoke, getting up close and personal with Cas and his suit. “You’re not exactly a blushing bride, and I gotta be sure I’m getting my money’s worth.” He punctuated his words with kisses to Cas’ neck and stealthily undone buttons.
They kissed for what might have been minutes or could have been weeks. Dean really didn’t know or care. All he knew was that finally,
“I think I’m going to take my own bath. I hope it’s as good as yours was.” He walked out of the room without waiting for a reply, but he heard Cas’ huffed breath when he left. He didn’t know if it was irritation at his teasing or relief that he’d left the room, but it made Dean smile, either way.
He came, splattering the bed, his chest, and even the bottom of his chin with his warm release. Cas hadn’t stopped. He was pistoning in and out of Dean hard and fast now, all rhythm lost. The sounds he made were inhuman. Then he groaned and bucked hard, until he was buried fully and just trying to do the impossible and get deeper. His voice got higher for a moment and then he stilled, breathing heavily. He slowly pulled out, both of them collapsing onto the bed.
friends with Charlie Bradbury? Geez, man, I know I talk a lot of shit, but you know me better than that.”
So saying, he leaned forward, putting a hand behind Cas’s head to draw him in. He spared one last look into those blue eyes and then he closed he gap between them as he closed his eyes. As soon as his lips touched those thick pale ones of Cas’s, a multitude of thoughts rushed through his head all at once.
They took off their boxers and got into the water, which was a lot cooler than Dean had expected. He didn’t have long to worry about it though because apparently being in the water turned Cas into an octopus. He was kissing Dean and caressing him all over and then he was soaping up every inch of Dean that he could reach.
“Hell, you’ve seen this place. You don’t think I could use all new handmade furniture for every room? Coz I sure do. And I’ve wanted a new deck forever.” He sat down and waited for Cas to quietly say his grace before continuing. “But anyway, if I did run out of stuff, I’d just convince you to go into the furniture making business with me,” he told Cas with a grin.
