That was probably one of the many reasons I had chosen the profession of being a dancing teacher, because the different characters of people were clearly noticeable in their dance style as well. Even if a group was taught the same choreography, each person almost automatically added their own creation, so that the result was ultimately something individual.
Attentively, I began to observe her facial expressions and gestures: the brown eyes that not only shone with enthusiasm and excitement, but carried an expressive glow while she was telling something. The hands with which she gestured, making her stories seem even more vivid. And the facial expression that adapted to the situation in a matter of seconds.
Sam and Ruby were still sitting in the living room when I unlocked the door, put my jacket back on the wooden bench and finally kicked the shoes off my feet. Then I joined my two roommates in the living room and sat down on the couch with a barely audible sigh.
With tired eyes, I watched the dancers who had gathered in front, as usual, to lose themselves in jazz together. One of them seemed to have recognized me and waved at me; wanting me to join them, but I declined with an excusing smile.
My little brother sighed, barely audible. "This has nothing to do with giving up, Dean. If you're actively looking for love, you'll probably never find it."
While he thanked his audience for their donations and compliments and even gave out a few hugs now and then, his gaze suddenly lingered on a young man who was watching the action from a distance. He was leaning casually against a streetlight, watching Dean's every move.
While I was skimming the section that offered tons of different burgers, my mouth was already starting to water.
The people, who by now had formed a circle around him and the other dancers, fell into a thunderous applause.
When the bill came, the brown-haired one pulled out her purse to pay for her drinks and her food, but I waved it off with a wink and pressed the appropriate amount of money along with a tip into the waiter’s hands. Lisa thanked me with a smile that was so honest and happy that her eyes began to shine once again.
Fortunately, by the time dinner was brought to our table about 20 minutes later, we had returned to a more pleasant topic; my dancing school. Among other things, Lisa wanted to hear from me about how long I had been dancing and how I had come up with the idea of turning my hobby into my profession and opening my own dancing school.
Sighing softly, I skipped a few pages in the menu and flipped forward until I finally arrived at the burger menu, which I had also studied in advance.
I was so lost in thought that I almost ran past Sylvain, and because of that I stopped moving so jerkily that someone rumbled inexorably against me from behind.
As we made our way out, I was suddenly overcome not only by the countless thoughts that I had successfully repressed before, but also by a guilty conscience. Because deep down I knew that nothing serious was going to happen between me and Lisa and that I probably wouldn't see her again after tonight.
As I reached the end of the street where we lived, I looked back once more and surveyed the house I called home for many years now.
It was a balmy summer night and Bourbon Street was bustling with activity as usual: countless people were wandering on the street of the notorious Vieux Carré, the gentle sounds of a saxophone could be heard again and again in the background, and the many lights of the individual buildings merged into large and small splashes of color.
Dean Winchester seemed to literally float across the floor; every dance step was almost perfectly in place. He closed his eyes and blanked out the people watching him in awe and appreciation at the same time, letting himself be guided only by the soft tones echoing through the street. It was almost as if the music replaced the blood in his veins and gave him the strength he needed to live.
The brunette also closed her menue with a grin on her lips and leaned back in her chair before opening her mouth to say something. But before she could put her plan into action, however, we were interrupted once again by a waiter who set our drinks down on the table and took our order for food.
However, it was ended a few seconds later because one of the waiters showed up to take our order. Since we weren’t finished looking for food, both of us ordered something to drink only. Lisa ordered an orange juice, which made me doubt whether I should order a beer or not for a moment. Maybe she didn't like alcohol? Was this a test? But the moment ultimately passed as quickly as it had appeared and I went with my need and ordered a beer.
We sat quietly next to each other for a while before I said a curt goodbye to them both. "I'm going to bed now. Good night," I said and got up to go upstairs.
Before the brown-haired girl could react to my words, I wrapped my arms around her briefly and left a small kiss on her cheek. "Get home safely, Lisa."
And it was seeing this result and helping others to have this experience that filled me with satisfaction and joy.
"Thank you for this beautiful evening, Dean," Lisa took the floor after a short silence and gently touched my arm with her hand.
"Dean...why can't you just hang your jacket on the coat rack? Just like every other person," I heard my little brother's reproachful voice call out from the living room.
"Are you eating with us today? Ruby is making lasagna," the brown-haired one wanted to know before turning on his heel to return to the living room.
I frowned barely noticeably. "That sounds... delicious," I brought out as convincingly as I could, even though turkey wasn't exactly my cup of tea.
While I slipped into my shoes and put on my leather jacket, Sam wished me a good time with the hint of a mocking expression on his face before I finally let the door fall into the lock behind me for the second time that day.
When I switched off the lights in the dancing school that evening and stumbled to the door to lock up to start my well-deserved time off, I was suddenly overcome by the oppressive feeling of having experienced this day already countless times before.
My little brother was about to open his mouth to ask how my date had gone, but I just waved it off. "Don't."
And then my eyes fell on the streetlight that the young man with the sky-blue eyes had been leaning that night. The image had burned so deeply into my soul that for a moment it actually felt like he was still leaning there, watching my every move closely.
While the day was slowly but surely coming to an end and the sun had already disappeared from the sky, New Orleans was coming to life.
"Dean? Don't forget we're invited to Bobby's tomorrow. 8pm," Sam called after me, to which I merely answered a sarcastic, "Alright, Mother."
Listlessly, I dropped my leather jacket onto the small bench that Sam and I had painted with our parents when we were kids. After pausing for a brief moment, remembering the beautiful moments of the past, I began to unlace the old boots that were still on my feet.
"I'm leaning toward the bacon cheeseburger with the sweet potato fries and a coleslaw salad," I answered her question, then flipped the menu closed with satisfaction. "And you?"
Ruby boxed against his shoulder and rolled her eyes in the same breath. "Leave him alone, Sam," she tried to whisper so softly into the brown-haired man's ear that I wouldn’t hear it.
The young man's blue eyes seemed to burn deep into his soul. Blue eyes that fascinated Dean so much he held his breath for a moment. Blue eyes he would never forget again.
I suppressed an annoyed sigh and ruffled my hair before burying my hands in my pockets along with the keys to the dancing school while making my way home.
"Cheers," I said, raising the wheat glass to toast the brunette, who eyed me briefly with a surprised expression before raising her glass as well. "Cheers."
Instead, I started watching the people who scurried across the street stressed or stopped in front of the dancing group with a fascinated expression on their faces.
My life seemed to slowly but surely melt into a single mush. Every day was the same: I left the house promptly at eight in the morning, walked to the dancing school, gave my daily classes, did paperwork and locked up again at 6 p.m. before spending my evening either in a cozy bar in the Vieux Carré, musing about my life with a good dose of bourbon, or heading out on a date that was doomed to fail before it even began.
When Dean found the moment dizzying he slid off his lap. Before he could be given a look of protest or either of them could beg the other for mercy he gave Castiel a face full of his slick soaked ass. He gave the cock at his face a squeeze.
John looked from his mom who looked mentally exhausted to his sister who was tongue tied. “Look I’m not pregnant.” He rolled his eyes as he emphasized the word pregnant. “I can promise you that. And no one can lay claim on my ass.” He crossed his arms over his chest.
“There’s two thing’s he’s passionate about- sex and baking.” Dean shrugged his shoulder. “I’ve had him in therapy since he was fourteen. The therapist told me I have nothing to worry about. He has high self esteem and a sex drive to match. He gets himself tested frequently, and asks his partners to do the same.”
“When’s Bobby and his mate Karen coming for a visit,” Charlie asked as she tugged on her moms shoulder.
“My dad dragged Sammy and I around. We practically lived in motels until he up and died. Then we ended up in the system for a bit. As soon as I could take care of Sammy and myself I did. Bobby and his mate Karen, friends of our dads kept in touch.”
Castiel reached out to help, but Dean playfully batted at it and smiled. The omegas took queue and proceeded to clean up the table. It was a mater of seconds before they had it cleared.
“I guess it’s not.” John shrugged his shoulders. “You’re way better at computer stuff than me.” He headed toward the dining room. “Come on let’s feed the pack before we get eaten ourselves.”
twins Mary (o) (baker) and John (o) (baker) 18y, Charlie (o) (mechanic) 14y, Kenny (a) (computer programmer) 12y, twins Alex (a) (novelist) and Nikki (a) (lawyer) 10y, Margaret (health care) 8y, and Kristina 4y
* I picture alphas as the providers of all things. Even the bedding. They give and then the omegas take and make something of it.
Castiel watched as he brought it to his face and nuzzled it. This was nerve wracking. It didn’t mater how right of a connection they had, there was a very real fear of rejection. Then he heard it, his purr, and everything was right and perfect. He pulled him close and subtly nuzzled the juncture between his neck and shoulder. He inhaled deeply and was filled with vanilla and clove so much so he would swear he would get drunk on it quickly.
“Is seventeen.” They said together exasperatedly. Both as if exhausted by the sheer volume of the news slumped into the seat. Before they could recover Eileen showed up for their order. She smiled brightly despite them looking like they had just attended their own funerals.
“I know. But.” Nathan huffed. “Kenny’s asking me a difficult question. I don’t want to answer it until we have someone like you in the room.”
“I have a penis and I like balloons.” Keith blurted out. “Should I wear a condon?” His pronunciation of the word ‘condom’ was slow and messy, and didn’t come out right. He’d tried his best though.
* I had a bit of fun writing this chapter. By the way chocolate covered tomatoes is really a thing. Go ahead and Google it. I haven’t tried them myself so don’t ask me how they taste. Haha.
Kenny gave a small smile and leaned into his mom. He nuzzled his neck, and did his best to focus on the scent that was distinctly his mom and not Castiel. It was hard. Even if they weren’t mated, they were bonded- he could smell it clear as day. He rested on him. “I just want everyone to be safe,” he whimpered.
Jack, Claire, Dawn, Twila, Mary, John, Charlie, and Dean worked quickly to serve first Castiel as head alpha, then their guests Arthur and Garth, from there the fledgling alphas, the non presented, and finally the omegas. After sitting down his pups, he served himself.
“Just don’t puke on us and we’ll all be okay.” Mary teased. “None of us have been pregnant but most of us have been through enough pregnancies to understand.” She winked.
“I guess we can give this an honest try.” Amelia grinned. “Betty, I think Frank would prefer you didn’t pull a John and have your way with him right here in front of us…” she teased.
Dean returned the kiss and grinned. “Shit! We’re doing this!” He let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding as he spun around. “Damn things been parked here for a couple weeks and this is the first time I’ve been in here.” He laughed. “I still can’t believe you talked me into this.”
Castiel rumbled in response to Dean’s purr. “What’s left beside the tree? The decorations are already up?” He worked his way down.
Castiel noted how much Kenny knew and asked him, “did you do this last hunt?” He could tell this alpha was miles away from acting twelve. Sadly the boy rarely did. He wished he could tell him to act his age and it not offend him.
Dean snapped his head up. His alpha had demanded his attention. He gave a small nod, “remember I’m kinda a traditionalist on some things.” To make his point he motioned to the bed.
As one of the pups ran by, Sam pressed himself against the wall and lifted his drink above his head.
Castiel licked back in return. “My father was a highly decorated service man. My brothers followed and went into the services. I chose to be the odd sheep and become a detective.”
“I step away for one minute,” Dean chuckled. He had returned with a couple of pies. “Keep that up and you’ll have me all red from my cheeks to my ears… and you two have no business doing that to me.” He smiled politely at Garth and Arthur. “That’s Castiel’s job… one that isn’t meant for the dinner table. Especially when it’s full of pups.” ‘Who thankfully are keeping their mouths to themselves,” he thought to himself.
Dean went straight faced for a moment. Most of them were home schooled so it certainly was doable. “I-”
“Why would anyone? They want everyone to think Vader is perfect… as Alpha.” John grinned wide like a Cheshire Cat. “It’s part of the appeal.”
Castiel pulled Dean to him and coaxed him to scent him. He was still near the window where the air was fresh, and not thick with neutralizer. “Our pups have been taught to be respectful and follow chain of command. I’m sure your room hasn’t been touched.”
“We’ve got two hours to bake enough chicken, veggies, and pasta for a mini army,” Dean grinned. “Piece of cake,” he said confidently as he grabbed aprons from the hooks on the wall. He tossed one to Castiel, and wasted no time putting his on.
“We bake the nut bread mommy?” Kristina said in all her glorious four year old excited garble. In her mind she baked, and mommy helped… and it was delicious.
“Dad talked very little about the chase. Maybe if I’d been more educated on the matter I wouldn’t of had total lack of control and given into my impulses.” Betty subconsciously nuzzled Frank possessively. “It’s exhilarating when you claim. I can see why this tradition still exists.”
“Just the thought of chasing you is getting me riled up.” Castiel growled possessively, but playfully. He licked Dean’s lips. “I know it’s forward to ask because it gives me an advantage… but, how fast you can run?”
Betty pulled Frank flush against her. His back to her chest. She wrapped her arms around him protectively. “Then after nine months the mommy has the pup.”
“A little over a year ago I met a wonderful lady. She got me to straighten up and get my act together. She’s got a pup a bit younger than ours. The alpha is a dead beat like me… it put a few things in perspective. There isn’t enough money or apologies to make the past right.” He sighed as he tucked his hands in his pockets. “I’m here because I’d really like the chance to do right by them going forward. I’m not saying that I deserve it, but I would like the chance.”
“I don’t know. It’s not my business to know.” Nathan was remaining somewhat calm as he listened to Twila’s heartbeat. Instinctively scenting her to keep himself calm. “I’m going to say some not nice things to make you think… so let me finish first. My dad could easily make your mom kick all eight of you out. You Mr. Head Alpha would have two choices. Let the system figure it out, or for you to really step it up. Get a mate, get a GED, get a job. Your mate would be forced into taking care of your siblings and you’d have the responsibly of creating your own pack. My dad could also force your mom to take care of us.” He stoped and wondered if any of this made any sense to the older boy. He continued anyways. “Our mom and dad are different. We’re all here under one roof. No ones forcing anyone to do anything. Your mom is doing it happily. My dad is doing it happily. So like I said. I’ve got one mom. I’ve got one dad.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Flattery isn’t working on me today.” So that he could get a better look at the wallpaper he moved closer. “This cream and blue paisley is beautiful. It matches really well with the darker wood.”
“Pleasure’s mine. Please, please we are good as family,” Arthur shook Castiel’s hand before taking a seat, “Arthur.” He smiled. “I hope it’s not too forward of me to bring a guest,” he motioned to the door.
“Winchester, Mr. Ketch , and I have been friends since about a year after he moved here. Novak has grown on us rather quickly.” Arthur smiled. “We’re frequently invited to dinner.”
“… and.” Kenny rolled his eyes. “Voldermont had a wand the entire time and he never could get rid of Harry.” He paused. “At least Thanos didn’t fail at getting infinity stones.”
John looked back at Claire and shrugged his shoulder. “Just because they walked in on me with my mouth full and taking a knot up my ass doesn’t make me the scandalous one,” he said nonchalantly without one ounce of shame. When he heard the choking noises he supplied, “what else can I say… I’m a tap this and leave it… no strings attached omega.”
“He use to stand in that exact same spot and watch me… tell me several times a week how amazing I was that I could manage our family so flawlessly,” Dean said as he slid the decanter back onto its warmer. He sat down his iPhone and coffee, and grabbed a pair of pot holders. He purposely bent a little more than he had to as he pulled several trays of muffins out from the oven.
“So he’s selling it.” Dean frowned for a moment. “Kinda sad that his misfortune is our gain.” He ran his fingers across some of the polished wood. “It is beautiful. It’s a bed intended for mating.”
Dean was standing a bit precariously with his daughter on his hip. He was scanning the spices in search of cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger. He was subconsciously keeping her occupied by nuzzling and bouncing her, and whispering that he wouldn’t be much longer.
Dean and Castiel as straight faced as they could be exchanged looks. If you looked closely you could tell they wanted to laugh until their sides ached.
Dean purred as he rested his hands on top of Castiel’s. “You probably should hurry and fix yourself a plate before Frank helps himself to a fourth plate and you’re left with scraps.” He laughed.
“Nathan you can’t smell it yet but there’s a particular smell that drives me insane,” Kenny groaned.
“There’s no better way to trigger an alpha’s rut than a good chase after an omega in heat.” Dean twisted himself a bit so he could give Castiel a mischievous grin. “It’s some of the best sex.”
“Of course not,” Dean smiled warmly. He lifted his head just enough before pulling out the adjacent seat. “Officer Fitzgerald, welcome. It’s a pleasure.”
“It’s simple. You kill the deer. You show you can provide for the family. If mom’s satisfied he’ll run.” Kenny waited for Castiel to nod before continuing. “I won’t say things between us are perfect, but mom… everyone… likes you, so I’ll tell you this- the one time dad used a gun mom flat out refused to run.” He paused for a moment when he saw him give him a look. “Just use your hands, a bow… whatever, make the kill clean and quick and be thankful. It’s a show of strength. Mom’s even told me something similar himself.”
“Slow down- I don’t think the beds going to run away!” Dean squeezed his hand. He laughed despite nearly tripping over his own feet in an attempt to keep up with him.
“I personally like a stable alpha that can provide and knows how to work what he’s got,” Dean winked. “So, I’m more than glad she left you. I do feel sorry for your pups though.” He finally took a bite of his burger. No longer interested it and it being out of necessity, it was a small bite.
“They have to leave the room at some point. It’s Thanksgiving. Uncle Sammy and his family will be here. Arthur usually comes too.”
“Since it doesn’t sound like you want to cash one in you better stay focused on the time…” Castiel scooped Dean up and clumsily moved them from the food prep area. He sat him on the counter and rubbed his face against Dean’s thigh and breathed deep. “Last chance,” he whispered as he undid his pants with his teeth.
The man repeated that over and over. Dean snarled the candles flickering out, and his eyes flashing red for the first time in months, “You can’t have him back!”
“Dean, I’m surprised. I wouldn’t have thought you’d care enough to come after the child. I would have thought that to be more the other father's job.” Crowley snipped.
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed but your son is going bat shit. His wolf was trying to take over and not just briefly, but permanently. He’s getting worse, and he won’t get help. All this because you shacked up with some whore and couldn’t stop beating your son.” Meg snarled her own instincts itched to rip the alpha’s throat out. It didn’t look hard, then the man before her was half the man he had been.
Castiel rolled his eyes; Dean wouldn’t make a move here in school, if he wanted to make any at all. Castiel glanced at the giant wall mirror meeting Dean’s eyes for a brief moment before looking away. Okay, maybe he would make a move--Castiel had no idea, really. He’d never really taken a moment to get to know Dean.
Castiel growled. “Oh no? Is that not what you told me in my room that you wanted me to suffer? Is this not what you wanted to see?”
his soul. Nice work.” Dean chuckled staring up at Sam who tightened his grip around the needle and slammed it into Dean’s neck injecting him once more.
Castiel’s breathing hitched when Dean suddenly appeared in front of him. Dean swung his fist into Castiel’s face, grinning at the sickening crunch. Castiel crashed to the floor trying desperately to crawl away.
“Dean,” Lilith said tasting the name on her tongue her anger boiling in her system at the thought of him taking her Castiel from her. “I’ll gladly kill him.”
Dean paused for a moment before smiling faintly sitting back on his hands. “I like rock and roll music, not the crap of today, but true 70’s 80’s rock music. I like to build cars and watch this awful yet wonderful show called Doctor Sexy MD. My favorite food is pie. I could eat it every day, and I’ve found a certain enjoyment in drawing.”
Sam chuckled pushing his brown hair out of his face. “Dean said there’s not a sport you can’t do. Think you can handle yoga?”
Dean shook his head and left the room to take a shower one of the few things he still enjoyed doing from his human day’s. Dean had just gotten done washing his hair when he heard the loud crash and the sound of his son’s cries. Dean didn’t even care that he was but ass naked he grabbed the first blade off of the counter and burst into the main room of the motel. He saw Crowley holding his child his eyes bright red and Gabriel’s a bright blue the two staring eachother down.
Castiel felt his cheeks heat up in embarrassment, and he hissed, “Lube and a condom? Are you fucking serious right now, Gabriel?”
Sam had done it. He had Dean in the dungeon and he was going to cure him. He walked in calmly the bags of blood in the cooler his brother gaze following every step. “Really?” Dean drawled his gaze on the cooler as he set it down.
Castiel heard Dean pour the blood out onto the floor ruining the connection, but he didn’t move to stand up. He was afraid his legs would give out from under him if he tried. A profound silence overcame the room, and Castiel tried not to flinch as he heard Dean’s heavy boots walk closer to him. Castiel didn’t expect the arms that wrapped around him tightly pulling him into a warm chest. Castiel struggled violently he didn’t want to be held by a demon who didn’t give a damn about him or the child they were trying to save.
Castiel rolled his eyes then turned back to the door, reading the familiar sign that was plastered to it. ‘Do not leave the weight room without an adults permission’. Castiel snorted to himself, he’s never seen anyone leave the weight room when Dean was teaching the class.
So this work is for a reader of mine IDontUnderstandThatReference. She requested me to do this so long ago and I just now had the inspiration to start this. This does take place in Season 10 so if you're not there yet I wouldn't read this. There won't be to many spoilers I think, but who knows. I did take the dialog from the episode where Sam tries to cure Dean. I only change it at the very end. So no I don't own any rights over the dialog or the characters, but the dialog was need for what I was going to do while trying to stay true the story as much as I can given the prompt. So I hope you enjoy the first chapter, and to IDon'tUnderstandThatReference I hope this comes out in some fashion that you've imagined.
She nodded and left the room. Castiel curled in on himself on the bed and cried. He cried for the loss of
Castiel pushed himself up kissing Dean as if his life depended on it. Dean lubed up his cock quickly and slowly pushed in wanting nothing more than to feel Cas all around him. Castiel moaned loudly when Dean bottomed out falling back against the matrass looking up and Dean with heavy lusted filled eyes.
Dean pulled back suddenly. “Jump,” Dean murmured, catching Castiel as he wrapped his legs around the older mans torso. Dean walked till Castiel’s back hit a mirrored wall, Dean kissed him fervently, massaging Castiel’s dick through his sweat pants.
Sam wanted to bang his head on the steering wheel. Sam reached out a tentative hand and placed it onto Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m sorry.”
Dean could feel the fading angel’s grace pulsing faintly around the corner, and he grinned to himself. “Come on angel, don’t you want to talk? You know, face the righteous man you sacrificed everything for?”
Dean chuckles, “No point in hiding anything from me little brother I always find out one away or another.”
“You really don’t remember?” She said in mockery anger seething in her voice as her eye locked onto him with venom. “Chuck put you down on the ground and left you. You chose to become rogue, Cas, you split your connection so the stronger side of you could try and kill your father, and guess what? You failed.” She snarled and it was if something snapped within him, a damn breaking free as the memories strung themselves together.
“Oh Annie.” He whispered sitting on the side of the bed taking her frail hand into his own. “I should have been here for you.” He muttered running his thumb gently over her skin as if he expected her to fall apart in his hands. His wolf huffed in agreement his eyes for once concerned about something as they raked over her.
“I don’t know what to think right now, Meg, but what I do know is that he’s saved my life more than once and that has to count for something. Now I’m tired and I think we both need to sleep on this.” Castiel snapped and Meg bit her lip defiance shining in her eyes before stomping off down the hallway Castiel trailing behind her silently.
Everyone stood, mumbling their goodbyes. Sam walked up with Gabriel, who was ogling the older man’s ass.
Castiel smiled down at the man who had finally looked at him. Bright pastel green eyes were staring into Castiel like they could see into his soul. “I believe there is something there, and that when we are in need, they help us.”
Hannah sighed looking at the door his son was sleeping in. “I will admit that I have some protective feelings towards the child, but he did feed off of your grace, Castiel. Just because he doesn’t show any signs now doesn’t mean he won't.”
Chuck nodded scratching his beard in thought. “They have a healer who has worked with elves, the fae, hell even some witches. He thinks he could help Anna. It’s the only option we have left.” She watched a shadow came over his face, the guilt that haunted him deep inside. She wondered if the same look came over his face when he thought of what he’d done to his wife and two of his sons.
Castiel suddenly arched an orgasm being pulled violently from him as Dean hit his sweet spot perfectly over and over, the painful jerking on his cock had even begun to be pleasurable all came to sudden spike. His muscles clenched around Dean pulling a slew of cuss words from the man above him as he came inside of the angel.
Meg sighed giving him a petulant look. “Since when did you become the rational one?” She asked and Castiel’s eyes floated over to his wolf the being leveling him with an even look his eyes clear and filled with intent.
“He was worth it,” Meg muttered, and Gabriel nodded leaving her at the spare bedroom with a pat on her shoulder. Meg stood in the doorway of the room for a long time trying to decide why exactly she was so uneasy.
Castiel breath hitched before another orgasm came over him. He felt himself tightening around Dean who swore behind him, coming seconds after him. Castiel slumped against the mirror, letting Dean hold him up who was shaking behind him with the effort. They stayed like that till their breathing evened out and Dean pulled away, grinning down at the younger boy.
“Mr. Singer says she was hexed by Rowena that was why no medicine would work on her. You need to fight magic with magic to cure a hex.” Chuck’s face was riddled with guilt his once handsome face gaunt with distress. It was his fault and he knew it. Castiel bit back the anger that riled inside of him fixing his gaze back on Anna.
Dean sat Gabriel back onto the bed the toddler grabbing the stuffed animal and holding it close. “You got your love of bees from your father that’s for damn sure.
Mary growled low like an alpha and Meg’s eyes lifted in surprise. Castiel hadn’t forgotten that Mary had been rogue once, perhaps still was in away, and hearing Meg refer to her son that way wouldn’t end well. Castiel put his hand on Meg’s shoulder his expression stern as Mary replied. “I don’t know where Dean is. He’s a big boy, he can handle himself. Now go. I expect your decision in the morning, Castiel.” The alpha nodded and hauled Meg from her chair and out of the home.
“You’ll never forget this Father I’ll make sure of that.” He grabbed Castiel’s jaw forcing him to look at the demon.
“He doesn’t. You’re just reading my mind and I’m done with the games. I kill you and your mate will kill me for revenge, and then it will all be over.” Castiel growled his fingernails pricking into her skin the smell of blood filling the air when suddenly arms wrapped tightly around him pulling him back into a chest the scent of vanilla and birch filled his senses and the thick smell of omega narrowed all his attention down to it a shudder wracking his body.
Dean smiled softly pushing Cas onto his back while he climbed on top straddling his legs. Castiel was still beautiful if not more so than the last time Dean had saw him like this. Castiel was right their bond was torn and the best way Dean knew how to mend it was give himself to Castiel and focuse on what was left of it pouring more of their souls into it.
Castiel hung his head his heart wrenching painfully within his chest. He realized with unsettling clarity that dying was the coward way out because he wouldn’t have to deal with the fall out of the people around him dealing with the loss of him from their lives. “Dying was better than watching him control my body without my say anymore. I was so close to just… handing him control.” Castiel muttered every word more painful than the last to spit out to give her something, anything so that maybe they could move on from this. Move on from all of it.
Dean turned around and smiled his black eye’s flashing before disappearing. “I’ll be around,” he turned back around and started walking away, “and trust me Castiel I will be back for you. I can’t just leave my property anywhere now can I?”
“Well hello to you too baby brother. Glad to know you’re still alive.” Gabriel’s warm voice came through the phone and the alpha took a deep breath pinching the bridge of his nose.
Dean pulled out a flask of gasoline from him pocket for this exact occasion. He flicked it up against the ceiling taking out his lighter setting fire to the dripping gasoline waiting for the paint to burn off.
“Castiel, I don’t think you realize how good you feel. You’re so warm and tight around my cock. You’re doing such a good job taking it all in right down to the hilt. How does it feel, Cas to have me inside of you?”
Castiel whined in frustration. “I feel so full with you inside of me.” Dean thrust once watching Castiel closely waiting for more, “and I want more, so much more because I never want you to stop filling me like this.”
Mary as if sensing his growing uneasiness looked up and smiled reassuringly. “Go up toward the mountains the clan won’t go that far out tonight.” Her smile was soft, but her eyes showed a steeliness to them. She was worried about something.
“No. No. No. No. No. No. It’s a lie this isn’t real this isn’t real!” Castiel roared struggling in the omega’s grasp. Mary rushed forward pressing her palm to his forehead his gaze growing fuzzy darkness overcoming it.
The man began shaking blubbering about something or other, but Castiel no longer cared. When Dean reentered the room with the cup Castiel spoke clearly. “Hold the cup to his throat, Dean.”
Did he want to share anything? Was there anything this stranger didn’t already know? Dean gave no indication to have heard his thoughts, those green eyes just bored into him waiting for whatever answer he’d give. “I like cheeseburgers,” Castiel said his voice rough and weary when suddenly the omega threw his head back and laughed long and hard. Castiel didn’t know what was so funny.
“Shh I know baby I’m going to take care of you just hold on to me.” Castiel whimpered but he fisted his hands in Dean’s shirt tightly. Dean walked till he was off holy ground and stepped forward popping into his large house in the woods. It was his second and private home, away from Sam, and away from the world. He had spent the last three days making sure Castiel could live here comfortably.
Castiel scowled at the ground. Those fucking idiots, did they really think he wanted to be the center of attention? His brother wanted the spotlight in everything, not Castiel. Castiel was introverted, preferred playing the piano, and drawing in his sketch book all by himself. He would rather stay in the shadows, not exposed for everyone to see.
“Fuck off,” Castiel muttered to himself his wolf chuckled in delight as the alpha across the bar finally stood up and walked over to him his large frame lumbering as he moved.
Sam returned to the room only to find Dean passed out his head hanging and looking as if he were dead. Sam rushed forward slapping Dean’s face and holding it. “Hey! Hey! Dean! Come on! Come back.”
Dean moved in between Castiel’s legs, unbuckling his pants and shoving them down to his bent knees roughly. Castiel made little whimpering sounds staring up at Dean with horror filled eyes. Dean grinned back at him, dropping the blade next to him far enough from Castiel’s reach, then grasped his hips and pulled him up sharply. Dean aligned himself with Castiel’s hole and slammed in, grinning as Castiel’s piercing scream echoed in the halls of the bunker.
“There’s so much more I can give you, Castiel all you have to do is ask me.” Castiel almost sobbed when the demon stopped touching him completely letting him fall to the ground.
“Dean wait!” The tall alpha called and Castiel shuddered as suddenly he was shoved out of the driving seat his wolf taking full control of his body and running out the door after the omega.
“Dean, you did what you had to do, we all know that, but you can’t go back down that road. It won’t matter if Castiel has you or not if the council kills you.” Sam pleaded and Dean looked away an uneasy feeling settling over him. He wasn’t wrong. His magic rolled around in him like the ocean calm one moment and dangerous the next. In his mind’s eye, he could see his own other half a black figure with a wicked white grin outlined in a purple hue his whispers tempting and filled with dark promises. When he’d destroyed Lilith’s mind, he’d come face to face with that monster, his hand held out with that ever-present grin, his sinful lips whispering of all the power he could have. Dean doesn’t want to think of what had happened if he’d taken that outstretched hand.
“You a rogue ain’t ya? You smell wrong, misplaced, feral. We don’t accept your kind around here.” The alpha growled puffing up his chest his pot belly sticking out like a pig waiting to be gutted.
Castiel reached out and touched one drawing, his blue eyes were haggard, hair windswept in golden armor bleeding from wounds made by a silver blade and his massive black wings arched ready to attack, and then in the drawing next to it the same angel who looked in a mirror but only saw a blank canvas. Castiel couldn’t help the horror that began to etch into his features. “I don’t understand,” Castiel whispered to himself his heart racing in panic.
The feel of the room changed as they stared into one another’s eyes their bodies inches apart, so close they could feel the heat radiating off of the other. Castiel watched the omega’s tongue as it darted out licking his lips with a flash of pink. Castiel pulled away from the omega stumbling back as a wave of arousal overcame him the room smelling of not only his arousal but the omega’s as well.
“You never have.” He chuckled again, “Well you’ll have to forgive me Father, for I’m having impure thoughts, and I’m about to put them into action.” He slammed Castiel into the wall, shoving his knee in between his legs, nuzzling his neck taking in his smell.
Castiel watched the omega stop and look back at him cursing, “Son of a bitch.” He jogged back to him and Castiel growled menacingly the omega rolling his eyes.
When the rest of the class showed up, they were all whispering excitedly about the upcoming lesson. Castiel turned towards Gabriel. “What’s his brother teaching?”
Dean lurched forward claiming Castiel’s lips hungrily. “This isn’t a game to me, angel. Not anymore, because I want you.” Castiel shuddered violently in Dean’s arms hearing those words leave his mouth. Even human Dean could never admit aloud that he wanted, Castiel.
Crowley snorted walking forth. “There isn’t a spell for that. You don’t think that if I knew one I wouldn’t have been using it all these years?”
They walked down into the foyer two hushed voices whispering furiously. “You need to talk to him, Dean.” A tenor voice growled in irritation the scent of anger heavy in the air.
“You’re so beautiful, Cas. Every inch of you calls me to your side and makes me want to worship you.” the demons voice was like liquid honey as he slowly pushed one digit inside him moving in and out slowly.
Dean smirked. Priests always thought they were so smart, but they always kept things in plain sight. Always. Dean hoped up onto the marble base pushing into the cut out wood watching as the floor parted before him to reveal stone steps leading down to where Castiel was no doubt being held.
“Yeah, I get, you don’t like me, that doesn’t mean I’m going to let you bleed out through your nose. That’s a dumb way to die.” He muttered squatting down in front of Castiel his green eyes concerned and weary.
Castiel straightened his spine and looked up into those green eyes that captured so many. “Well, you certainly draw a lot of attention to me on a daily basis.”
Slowly Castiel let his hand down chewing over what the omega said. He didn’t have magic, he didn’t know how it worked, but he’d watched Meg enough times manipulate those around her and he hadn’t given it a second thought. So why was he struggling so hard with this now? Lilith. It came down to her how she’d manipulated him, the beast inside of him and twisted him around her finger.
“Ask me, Castiel. Ask me to touch you. Ask me to for fill what you so deeply desire.” Dean’s green eyes watched him closely smiling at the helplessness in Castiel’s eyes as he looked up at him. He was bringing the Priest down to his level. Down into the depths of sin. Dean had no doubt that Castiel was now
“Who cares what you meant.” Dean shouted. “That line that we thought was so clear between us and the things that we hunted ain’t so clear, is it? Wow. You might actually be worse than
He took too long to reply, his silence deafening as she tried to fill it with questions of him that he didn’t want to answer. “I knew it was bad. Gods I knew it was bad, but you wouldn’t listen to me to get help. Mary told me what happened, your plan, and how she and the omega stopped you. Why, Cas? Why wouldn’t you let me help you?” She asked her fathomless brown eyes pleading for an answer on why he’d leave her.
“You’re not planning on going, are you? You’re going to kill yourself.” She stated and Castiel’s eyes grew wide for a long moment before they hardened as he stared at her. He’d felt his mind being probed at before, had felt it being read by a witch before, and he felt it now like a snake wrapping around his mind.
His thoughts flickered to Lilith and he could clearly see those crystal clear blue eyes that sparkled with secrets that pulled him in like a moth to an open flame ensnaring him in their light till it was too late. He could still feel the scars left in his wolf’s presence from her hooks that had been filled with rust and poisoned his mind but wouldn’t bend and break. Meg had warned him, but he hadn’t listened too caught up in the feel of her, the smell of her, the way her voice rasped in his ear the promise of a mate and salvation only for her to take it all from him. Only to watch her tear him apart from the inside. She’d be a mistake he’d never be able to make up for because the scars went to deep.
Sam slammed the third injection into Dean’s arms his mind plagued with thoughts of Castiel’s text and of curing Dean. He hardly noticed Dean’s pained grunts. What brought him back was his words. “For all you know you could be killing me.” Dean gasped his gaze stuck to the ground.
The baby was glaring up at him, but it wasn’t crying anymore and that was a start. Dean sighed. “Look kiddo we’re going to have to make this work for awhile so you’re going to have start trusting me.”
Dean smiled wickedly reaching down and grasping the angel’s half hard cock, “Does that turn you on Cas? Does it turn you on when I beat, rape, and destroy you? Or is it too much to bare to see the man you plucked from hell become the one thing you stopped him from becoming? Should I end it all? All the pain, all the suffering, should I just end you?”
Castiel wiped his tears on the blanket beneath him and stood to meet Hannah outside. She was going to hide him away from the world.
“Easy, alpha. I’ve got you. I’ve got you.” A low baritone rang in his ear and Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut his senses being overloaded with this man’s scent unknown and wholly encompassing. It was all that mattered all that he desired.
“You see that’s where you are wrong, Cas. I can see beauty. It does not escape me like it does for many of my kind.” he slowly added another finger opening him up further and scissoring his fingers and grinning at the way Castiel whimpered.
“What were you thinking of leaving me behind? They said you were going to kill yourself.” Tears leaked down her face Castiel rubbed his face but stood there in shock as he realized he didn’t feel angry, his wolf didn’t try and react, and when Castiel glanced at his phantom self he was staring off where the other man had disappeared his face guilty and suppressed.
Castiel sighed heavily shaking his head. “Not that bad. Something… in between.” Castiel muttered his gaze turning back to the wolf who continued to glare silently. Meg shifted and Castiel glanced at her the beta giving him a not so subtle raise of the eyebrow. Her look read ‘your full of shit’, but her scent was calm and blank giving nothing away.
lame ass out of the fire.” Sam slammed the injection in listening to Dean groan. “You’re welcome.” Sam threw the injection onto the table and walked out of the room leaving a wheezing chuckling Dean Winchester in his wake.
Castiel didn’t expect to see Dean flinch at his words, but the demon covered the show of emotion quickly grabbing Castiel’s shoulder and teleporting them to a different location in a blink of an eye. Castiel pulled out of Dean’s reach the moment everything settled. Dean shrugged and moved forward into an apartment not bothering to check if Castiel followed behind him.
Sam left Dean there for awhile heading into the library in search for his phone. He dialed Cas and to no surprise he didn’t answer. “Cas, hey it’s me. I’ve started treating Dean hopefully he should be better here soon. I know you didn’t want me to tell him, but when he’s all better I’m sure he’ll want to know. Just give me a call okay?”
The wolf frowned at him shaking his head in disappointment but said nothing more. Castiel jerked as he felt two hands clutch his face rubbing soothing circles on his cheeks a lilting voice breeching the screaming. Slowly, ever so slowly Castiel opened his red eyes staring deep into brown depths as Meg talked him down. Castiel felt hollow as he realized none of that had been real, he’d been standing stock still the entire time. He could see the red of his eyes fade in the reflection of her own in till blue stared back at him. He’d almost lost it again, had almost lost himself away in his mind while his wolf would have controlled him.
Dean took two steps forward, and the man took two quick steps back. “There’s no need for violence, Dean. We’re all very much aware of whose rack you were on for years, and none of us would like to be on your rack. All sarcasm aside I don’t know where Crowley is.”
Castiel couldn’t deny he wanted Dean, just like every other person who ever entered his class wanted him, but he had to wonder. If he agreed to this and found he wanted more of Dean, if Castiel truly got to know Dean could they be something more?
Castiel whimpered and nodded, his skin flushing red with shame that he was giving himself away so easily. He was ashamed that he wasn’t even trying to fight anymore he was just giving in. He was ashamed that he cried out with loss when the demon removed his fingers, but moaned happily when he was filled with something much thicker and longer than the demons fingers.
Castiel closed his eyes trying desperately to reign in all of his emotions for the man behind him. “Dean… how can I trust you?”
“I’ve got a few pups who are sympathetic pukers,” Castiel cringed. “What did I miss?” He glanced at Dean’s plate. “It’s not the turkey is it? Because everyone’s had turkey at this point.”
Dean stared dumbly at Castiel. “Eight plus nine,” he stuttered as he pointlessly counted with his fingers.
“I didn’t know.” Castiel’s voice cracked. Before Dean could say anything he whispered, “it’s my fault for not asking.” He nuzzled him to look at him and to take comfort in him in some way.
* Donatello can either be some random person or he can be the one from the tv series. Other than having one more planned appearance he’s not that important of a character to this story.
“We need to make sure to have some of these made at Christmas time so Charlie, John, and Mary don’t miss out!” Twila ate another tomato.
“Alright what’s the verdict Charlie.” Dean said as he munched on a piece of turkey. Already knowing her answer, he calmed his nerves while in the kitchen fixing his plate.
“We aren’t teenagers getting to do everything for the first time. We’re seasoned professionals who have a way of doing things… it’s gonna take us a minute or two to get it right… if we’ve got to get angry with each other in the process I’m okay with that. My heart breaks just like yours. So, don’t expect me to smile through it when we’re mad at one another.”
“Yeah. Mary, you didn’t get anything of his. You look like my mom.” Dean unsure if it was okay to smile remained straight faced.
“You can’t hide anything from this family.” Dean spoke and signed at the same time. He was laughing before he finished. He loved them both. “Aren’t you two due for another one?” He wanted to direct the baby talk away from hime.
“Remember when you gave me dental floss because it was practical,” Twila rolled her eyes and laughed.
Dean held up two fingers. “From here on… yes.” He stepped back so he was closer to Castiel. “My x passed away four years ago.”
“Says you. I’ve spent two years working with a step up from a kitchenette.” Castiel helped Dean grab what they would need from the walk in refrigerator. “We did a lot of quick eats and connivence meals.”
“There’s an estate auction in two weeks. Once I see the bedroom I will share with you what caught my interest,” Castiel said with a mischievous grin. Once he was upright he patted the wrinkles from his slacks and grabbed his bags.
“This is where John says chocolate is to go on people.” As if it would make the task less daunting Kenny closed his eyes. He too popped it into his mouth like it were a grape.
Castiel watched as Dean, in nothing more than boxers, came from the bathroom to stand at the bed. He watched him turn and walk toward the front of the motor home. He did this at least twice more- nervousness seeping from the inside out. “Dean are you okay?” He asked when he’d come to stop at the bed once more.
“John if you were pregnant I’d find a way to take the temperature of hell and maybe play a lotto ticket,” Dean laughed briefly. Thinking of the current situation maybe he should do those things. He thought Crowley showing up was a snowballs chance in hell. “You know the alpha that raised you isn’t your dad…”
“Now I know why you pissed me off,” Dean crossed his arms and shot Castiel a look, “so we could have mind blowing make up sex.”
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and nuzzled him. “I could easily skip the hot chocolate and let you warm me up.” He whispered between them as the pups rushed passed them.
Castiel laced his fingers in Dean’s and lead him toward the room in question. “I know it smells horrid in here, but I kinda like that they forgot about the neutralizer.” He chuckled, “I know exactly what to bust their tails for.”
“So how did you loose your mom? She didn’t die.” Kenny unfortunately had the frankness of youth and a bold alpha against him. Time had yet to give him the skills to add politeness.
“Dean!” Bobby called out when he saw him coming down stairs. “Just who I wanted to see. You two stay.” He looked to Sam and Charlie.
Dean glanced behind him and panicked when he didn’t see Castiel. He hesitated for a moment before doubling back. Part of him knew Castiel wouldn’t give up, but there was also the nagging part to make sure he was alright.
Dean gave him a look that said we’ll talk in a bit. “My brother, Sammy owns the diner just across the way. Let’s go get a cup. Then we can take it home, and make it a huge home and watch it grow up and turn into a butterfly.” He reminded them to be careful and not to squish it.
“It’s easy when it comes to you.” Castiel sat his half touched cup of coffee down. He wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him flush against him. He buried his nose into his hair and breathed deep. Dean’s natural vanilla and clove scent mingled nicely with the fresh muffins. “My x could barely manage to get her hose on before the pups got on the bus,” he mumbled.
“Oh,” it fell off Castiel’s lips as realization came over him. “The dining room can be converted into a pull out- I can set myself up there.” He made his way out of the bed. “You should have the better bed.”
Dean watched as both his pups nodded their head. They’d always been honest with them. Even given them the option that if they wanted to seek out the alpha they would help. But the pups were content in their life and the information was just that information.
Dean pulled the towel a bit tighter. “I’m a bit conscious. Things are not exactly as tight as they use to be,” he frowned. “I work out when I can,” he added nervously. He wanted to march himself back to the bathroom and hide, but where was that going to get him? He couldn’t hide in his clothes for the rest of his life around his potential mate.
Castiel moaned into Dean’s ear. He had to concentrate exceptionally hard to finish this current train of thought before it got derailed. “She stopped getting her panties in a twist over me shortly after Nathan was born. Outside of her heat and my rut we didn’t share a bed… so I wouldn’t feel the loneliness and separation I buried myself in my work and our pups. I’d of lived like that if she hadn’t of spread her legs for another alpha.”
“It got crazy but not that crazy!” Betty exclaimed defensively. Under the table out of the view of everyone else’s eyes she gave her friend’s hand a small squeeze.
“Seasonal crafts and activities, pups coming home, a house showing…” Dean mumbled sleepily. “If you did this a month ago…” he sleepily turned to straddle Castiels lap. “Now I just wanna fall asleep in your arms.” He kissed him gently.
“My nest is tidy. She treats me like I’m fragile.” Frank resisted rolling his eyes. He knew his mom would slap him if he did. “If you’d come over more often you’d know this.”
“Strength isn’t just about muscles… it’s about what you do with them.” Castiel tickled Keith just enough to get him giggling.
“If you stop being mad at me I’m almost positive we can have the room smelling like us in less than 24 hours.” Castiel laughed as he took off Dean’s blindfold.
“You sent an egg plant emoji,” Kenny rolled his eyes. “You’re my brother right? Because the John I know would out right ask if they’re busy fucking again.”
“That doesn’t make this concoction right.” Dawn said as she popped it in her mouth as if it were a grape. “That’s like saying you can put chocolate on anything to make it taste better.”
Dean snorted as he peppered kisses on Castiel’s lips, nose, and jaw line. “Save the cuffs for me detective.”
“If it wasn’t for needing this bed I absolutely wouldn’t object to a few days of uninterrupted debauchery,” Castiel laughed.
“Yeah. So sit up straight. Puff that chest.” Betty grinned. “Strut that crap. Fake it until you make it.”
Nathan stared into the mirror as he scrubbed his teeth. He saw Kenny come in, and placed the toothpaste on his side.
After a few moments of scenting one another’s after glow Dean tugged on Castiel’s shirt. “Come on I’ll show you to your bedroom and then to mine. That way you can see what you’re working with.” He slowly scooted off of his lap and stood up. Afterward, he held out a hand to help his alpha up.
“They’ll like that as long as you don’t mix mine up with theirs.” Frank laughed. “House seems a bit empty without Charlie, John, and Mary.” He said as he set out cups and emptied packets of hot chocolate into them. “Especially John.”
Castiel kissed him softly as he ran his hands down along his chest . “This is just as nice.” He nuzzled under his chin and nibbled softly. “You smell…” his rumble deepened.
“Seriously mom go before you change your mind for a fourth time!” Charlie laughed, and nudged him toward the door. “You’ll have a house to come back to!”
Dean stood there, grip firm on the bucket of ice water. “Kenny!” He hissed. He hadn’t had an alpha to help him raise alphas but he’d learned it was better to not put himself in the middle of their anger (pup or not), so he tossed the full bucket of ice water on him. Once he’d gotten his attention he shouted, “cold shower now!”
Castiel ruffled both Keith and Kristina’s hair. “You can help mommy and daddy with other things.” He winked toward Dean.
Castiel stood as tall as he could, puffing up a bit. The compliment went straight to his head. “I matched the comforter and sheets best I could to the wall paper.”
Kenny knelt down beside his dad. He put one hand on his shoulder, and held out the other for the knife.
Dean snorted, “bet that was your fault?” He shook the excessive water off of his hands and reached behind and grabbed Castiel’s cloth covered cock. “This bad boy gets us both in our fair share of trouble,” he purred as he gave it a firm squeeze.
Kenny looked away. Only showing the slightest bit of submission. “Prove it then,” he said through gritted teeth.
“Maybe you’ll like this tradition… Maybe not.” John shrugged his shoulders. “It’s a learning experience.”
Enough slick to coat them both from head to toe gushed from Dean. He wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck and nuzzled his face into his hair. After a few deep breaths he nipped him along the jaw and around his ear.
“Tomorrow let me buy you dinner as a thank you.” Castiel smiled nervously. This was not at all how he imagined this going. Then again what he had envisioned was a different kinda hell. Something like, ‘Hi, I’ve got nine pups’ and it all falling apart from there because even if you were speaking to the one you thought was the one by smell alone it still couldn’t possibly go well. That scenario could play out tomorrow if he accepted his invitation to dinner.
“Yes,” Dean squeaked. This wasn’t about past mates. This was about them. It was time to shift the conversation. “Do you want to bred me alpha?” He sounded like a squeaky toy by the end of the question. He was so nervous he was starting to sweat. But it was a good kinda nervous- the anticipation of good things kind.
“No. He’s overly cautious. He doesn’t want a mate or pups. Just wants to live and enjoy life. That mentality hasn’t changed since he was twelve and he’s eighteen and a half.”
“Here we go dears. Salads. I assumed the youngest were sharing a meal so I brought one extra bowl.” The waitress smiled toward the two youngest pups.
With a grin John kicked the chair from under his brother. He didn’t care that he was the omega and that his brother was the alpha. “One of these days you’ll be all about the ass.”
“I did. That was the voice the mail.” John smirked when he saw his brother roll his eyes. “What. They don’t have a penis emoji.”
“I don’t plan to raise them in a motor home.” Castiel chuckled. “We made the choice as a family to home school and road trip. As chaotic as it is, it’s been the best decision for us.”
“She’s already beside herself with me I general. She told me I smell sweeter than a punch bowl, and she just knew that I was carrying more than one.” Dean laughed.
Castiel was nearly giddy with Dean’s squeaks- they were adorable. He had to suppress his laugh. “Go ahead scent me,” he whispered. Once Dean was calm enough and peaking upwards he said, “I believe I speak on behalf of the family when I say we’d be delighted.” He kissed him gently on the forehead. “It would be presumptuous of me to expect to share the bed with you when I have yet to provide us one.”
“Awe man. No way. That’s total bullshit!” Dean kissed Castiel gently. “I can assure you your perforce is spectacular… and, your size is impressive.”
“I’ve seen your work in a good number of magazines. I would love to see it in person, but I’d hate to intrude.” Donatello gave a nervous laugh. “It’s your home now. You raise a family in it.”
As the proposal was accepted, and reassurances made where necessary Dean started to relax considerably. He playfully sniffed from armpit to chest to crook of neck. He relished in the scent of fresh grass and hot earth when rain first hit and of bits of himself. He thought not only of how good it smelled but of it made him feel. He felt at home, and of comfort. This was who he wanted to be his mate. In a mater of minutes he was purring as he so often did in Castiel’s company.
“I know. I know. It’s just… I’m not going out for just groceries,” Dean chewed on his lip. He watched as Jack picked up Nathan. “If you need anything, and I mean anything, call Uncle Sammy.” He wondered if he’d emphasized the word anything enough.
Dean huffed before glancing confidently at his older pups, “I know you’ve been doing this for years, but I can’t help but worry!”
Castiel nodded his head. Apologies weren’t enough. Gifts weren’t enough. He didn’t know what would be enough. His heart was broken. Seeing Dean this angry with him hurt. This was their first big spat. “I’m sorry.” He said again before turning to leave. He knew he wasn’t welcome.
“Kinda like what they told me would happen if I present omega?” Nathan hummed. “I hadn’t thought of it like that until just now.”
Dean glared at John as he placed his hand on Castiel’s thigh and squeezed it. The last thing he wanted was bickering at the table- especially with ‘underaged’ pups present. This, after all, seemed like a serious conversation. “Lets finish eating before breakfast gets cold.”
“I’m pretty sure I’ve covered a bit past 1eight years, 2 relationships, and 8 pups… and here I thought we’d have a bland first date, and I’d tell you pie is my absolute favorite dessert,” Dean chuckled. He sat up and pulled his plate toward him. He nibbled on a few of the fries.
“Please stop! This is ridiculous!” Dean took a deep breath when he saw Castiel still. He tried to work the nervousness from him. “Besides you has anyone ever slept in this bed?”
For all of a few minutes Castiel had been amused. Dean was normally confident and assertive. And here he was a nervous wreck. “Dean,” growled out in alpha tones to get his attention.
Mary shrugged her shoulders. “I’m with my twin on this. But,” she looked at mom. “If there’s something I’ve learned from you mom and from having so many siblings it’s that family is important. I’ll meet him. I don’t want him thinking he can parent me though.”
“They both could have been. Relationships like that can happen. Especially in works of fiction.” Twila smirked.
Neither Castiel or Dean had ever felt so sensitive, so aware in their lives as when they came together in the river and mated- three weeks hadn’t changed that. They could smell each other not only across the house but almost clear across town. Sometimes smells were just right that they could taste, or feel one another on their skin. It was damn near maddening.
Dean grinned as he inwardly chuckled. Their definition of plenty of room entailed space for half a butt cheek. The rest of himself would be invading someone’s personal space. Good thing their pack didn’t believe in things such as personal space. He grabbed Castiel’s hand and carefully inched his way to the provided space.
“Two years ago my mate of many years decided she wanted to bed a much younger alpha. I would have stayed in the area, but she decided she didn’t want the responsibility of our pups.” Castiel unbuttoned the first couple buttons of his shirt and showed Dean a very faded scar of a bite. “I retired. Packed us up, and here we are… living in a motor home.”
“I feel like what you’re trying to tell me is I was an ass yesterday… and, that’s not even what I asked about.”
“Cas!” Dean called out for the fourth time. He’d of waved or snapped but his hands were full of pup.
Nathan surprisingly didn’t find an omega quickly. He wondered how hard would it be to find one omega? Just one? There were literally seven plus mom. He could hardly wait for the day when his sniffer was worth a damn. Not realizing how focused he was on finding one, as luck would have it he walked smack into Twila.
While Dean was busy scenting his room, Castiel had a look around. He noticed the bed was lumpy. Without word, he brushed passed Dean. Ready to tear someone a new asshole- he growled possessively as he yanked the bedcovers back.
Castiel licked the sweat from Dean’s neck. His eyes rolled back, as he moaned. “I want to show you that you’re not loose by filling you up with every inch of my thick cock.” His hands tightened on his hips. “Knot you real good.” He was breathing so heavily it was hard to talk. “I want my pups in there like yesterday.” He growled possessively.
Dean’s eye grew the size of saucers. No mater how he pictured it, eight pups in a motor home equaled a circus. “You can’t raise a family in a motor home!” He huffed and crossed his arms.
“Show me you are, and I’ll help you every step of the way.” He paused for a second. “I want you to remember… firefighters must have- a good moral standing, keep in shape, keep good grades.”
Dean carefully knelt down and hoisted the pup onto his other hip. “My names Dean. This is Kristina.” He was dizzy almost intoxicated with the scent of the alpha he’d been tracking through the store. Despite that his mothering instincts were at the forefront. He instinctively purred and nuzzled the pup in hopes to calm him.
“My sister will be delighted to help birth another of your pups.” Sophia said with a nod before turning her attention back to Frank. “How’s your best? That alpha of yours treating you right?”
Kenny with some really old gear stood in front of Castiel. It was hard to say if he was sizing him up or leaving it be. Even if he’d accepted that he wasn’t number one alpha he still felt it. He knew he would until Castiel mated his mom. That thought made his skin crawl a bit- more at the fact of something being taken from him. He’d made his peace with it though once his parents had started sharing a room.
What ever had been said was lost on Kenny. Pure and simple, this was a power struggle. He stumbled backward and found himself sitting in the mud. He leaned forward and grabbed Castiel’s leg and jerked him down to his level.
“Thank you for helping me. It means a lot to see the two of us working together instead of against one another.” Castiel put his hand on Kenny’s shoulder and smiled reassuringly. He knew how head strong and protective his son was. Showing any amount of weakness was difficult. “When it’s meant to be you’ll succeed.”
“Like you I home school my pups. Afterward, we mow grass, fix cars, sow, wash clothes, clean houses, cook meals, and bake goodies for the neighbors and town. Not all at once of course. Twice a year we go camping and as a pack hunt a deer.” Dean preened. “He left us with a considerable amount and we want for nothing but I won’t have my pups thinking life’s free or easy.”
“Bonded or not you’re asking for trouble putting two alphas together that aren’t family.” John said matter of factly.
“I know your moms thinking it just as much as me…” Castiel did his best to keep a straight a face. “Who’s in trouble? Better to tell us now because you know we’ll find out anyways.”
“Yes sir! I won’t forget sir!” Nathan said as he nodded his head vigorously. Just as soon as he started he stopped. “What if I don’t present right? I don’t want to work hard to be benched.”
“Your accomplice because I’m sure as fuck not a mistress,” Dean grinned. He slowly pulled away. “We can mark up the motor home later,” he laughed. “Let’s go before I change my mind,” he winked, “to three days of making love and fucking and all manner of things in between in here.”
“That movie was nothing but special effects!” John gripped as he scooted his chair in toward the table.
Dean’s grief was so thick not only could Castiel smell it, he could taste it. He reached out and took his hand in his. He rubbed soothing circles with his thumb. “I lost my first mate to child birth complications.” He said sympathetically. “It’s been over 18 years and feels like yesterday.”
“Thanos snapped his fingers and took out half the population. Voldermont did what again?” Amelia supplied.
“Are you kidding me! You’re up before dawn- the coffee pot is full, you’ve already baked four trays of muffins, and,” he glanced at the note pad on the counter, and motioned to nothing in general, “you’ve already set up the schedule for the day.”
“I only did that once,” John whined. “I was twelve,” he added with a grin. The teasing didn’t bother him, he was used to it.
Dean grinned and returned the quick kiss. “I’d forgotten what one of these walks felt like.” He took one of Castiel’s bags, and used it to somewhat cover his front. “Keep my ass covered.” He didn’t need to imagine the questions. He’d heard them before… and, had to get creative with the answers.
“Every one is safe.” Dean ran his fingers through Kenny’s hair. “Cas’ pups are strong, educated, and well fed- just as he is. There is nothing to indicate that he isn’t a good man.” He sighed contently. “And, like those fairytales. I just knew he was mine the moment I caught his scent.”
Dean had caught bits of Arthur’s and Nathan’s conversation. While he was sure there were questions they thankfully weren’t getting asked at the dinner table. “I served for 20 years. It’s what sparked Amelia’s interest.” He heard Castiel say to Garth. That conversation didn’t need monitoring so he ignored it. Mary and Claire were chittering about some boy they’d seen today. Harmless. A few minutes later John and Jack chimed in. Fits of giggles, but still harmless.
Standing in front of the bed, Castiel dropped Dean’s hand and flung his arms wide. “Other than a few things needing to be tightened it’s in perfect condition. Donatello says it’s been in his family for a good many years. But he has no children to pass it on to…”
Twila ruffled the boys hair. “If this is where we are crashing tonight we’re gonna need some blankets and pillows. I suggest a fort!”
“If you’re serious I won’t turn you down.” Frank couldn’t help the excited but sheepish grin on his face.
“Yes.” Castiel squeaked again. He was inwardly starting to wonder who was the omega here because his boxers were really in a bunch. Thinking of grandma had mentally helped to dial down the arousal so he wouldn’t smell it. He was thankful, he wasn’t an omega because he’d of been so slicked up he’d of had it running down to his ankles as this point and been begging for a knot. He inhaled deeply a couple of times. Thankfully, the scent of the pups helped to further ground him a bit back to reality. “I can’t. Not here.” He said pathetically when he saw Dean’s eyes giving him a once over.
Castiel relaxed into the lull of his omegas purr. “Yes he did. Oh, and he said I had to give you this.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a bottle of spice. “He was very adamant about it and said he was a big helper.”
“I can do that,” Castiel growled playfully as he scooped up Dean effortlessly. He ignored the earned shriek. He took four large steps towards the back, and dumped him on the bed.
Dean sat impatiently as he watched the eyes grow dark in the deer. He was both excited and terrified that someone might actually be able to truly catch him. If this was Castiel with resolve- what would he be like come undone?
“No. No. Nothing like that. Charlie just accepted Bobby’s offer to go and live with them. Bobby is going to finish showing her the ropes of being a mechanic and owning a business. Then when she turns eighteen the business is hers.”
“I agree. The younger the more chaotic. Especially diapers and potty training.” Castiel patted his hands dry on his apron. “I know we’ve got some time before we cycle, and there’s no guarantee you’ll catch… but I’m a little nervous having an infant again.”
Keith’s big blue eyes looked up curiously at his daddy. Still half asleep and more than a little intimidated by his dad’s growl, he sat as still as possible. He snuffled the pillow he was holding.
“Anyways… we’re here. We’re doing it.” Nikki smiled. “If you ignore the bugs, it’s really not that bad,” she said as she sat down on a near by log.
Mary thrust her arms out and sang, “it’s about the eye candy!” She laughed as she gave her brother a look. “At least for him it is.”
“I overheard someone is going to be sick,” Castiel said as he came into the room. “It’s not Dean is it?”
“How about I’m saying don’t rock the boat. No one here has had it easy.” Nathan held out his free arm to Kenny. “One mom. One dad.”
Castiel rubbed his eyes, scrubbed his face, and scratched his scalp in hopes of waking himself up a bit past zombie mode. “How are you up at,” he glanced at his Apple Watch, “four thirty am, and perky? Like a-”
Betty ran her fingers through his hair before scooting as close as possible to him. She nuzzled him.
“Sorry,” Castiel grumbled and pulled Dean closer. “Heaven help us,” he grinned. “You know though if we happen to look a pup into existence at least we’ll know they’ll be gorgeous.”
“None of that now. I don’t see one in y’all’s hands.” Amelia gave them a look as the table fell silent. “Frank isn’t my mate but I’m willing to go out on a limb here.”
Castiel pushed him away from being so close. “Give me a chance.” With an eye still of Kenny, he picked up the hose. “Clean yourself up,” he growled and tossed it at him. With purpose he strode over to Dean and pushed him up against the wall. “My omega,” he growled possessively as he rutted against his leg.
Dean looked from Bobby to Charlie. He could see her excitement and was thankful that she was staying quiet for the moment. “I’m going to go get that plate of turkey. I’m sure Charlie will have an answer for you by the time I get back.”
“I guess I could. But I don’t want to intrude. It’s rude to do so for a newly mated couple.” Sophia gave a look that said you should know this.
“Your wires aren’t crossed,” Dean whispered. He knew what he was referring to. The constant need to have one another like they were some randy hormonal teenagers. It was worse than when they first met. They both felt it.  He nibbled along his jaw line. “We’re working through a mating connection while taking care of eighteen pups.” He nibbled his ear.
The middle of October was setting in and it was a wonder that over the course of the past two weeks they’d gone without one blatant contest of who had the bigger ‘equipment’ in the living room or kitchen. There had been plenty of quips along the lines of ‘it’s not about size, it’s about how you use it’.
“We don’t have an average amount of pups- separately and certainly not together.” Dean laughed. He breathed in through his nose and out through his mouth along Castiel’s neck and shoulder. The real comfort for him came when he felt him start to lick strips along his neck. “Thank you for understanding.”
“Twila and I want to design clothes.” Dawn stretched. “Maybe we’ll get lucky and be able to open our own boutique.”
“Dean,” he shook his hand. “I restored Fuzzy Tails Boarding House. I kept it as true to original as possible and only modernized it where necessary.”
They both glanced at the food when it arrived. Due to the nature of their conversations they had to force polite smiles.
“Sophia,” Dean cleared his throat to stop her before she continued to prattle on, “ I can assure you it’s just us two. Not that I’m outing myself just yet. I don’t want to jinx it.”
Dean slid up beside Castiel and nuzzled him. “Afternoon Arthur! Garth beat you here. He’s already got himself a plate and is sprawled out in the study.” He chuckled.
“I have a lot more than cuffs saved for you,” Castiel whispered between the kisses. He took their laced hands and brought them to his crotch. “Later… that’s all yours…” he rumbled.
“Yes.” Dean cooed. “I’d like that very much.” Content. He could smell it on the both of them. And under it all, past the sex, was the scent of a very pleased alpha.  His earth when rain first hit scent amazing strong. It screamed of promises much like rain was water and water was life. This was his life. “You were wrong at the diner. The universe wasn’t laughing at us. It knew just what we needed.”
The hellhound snarled and latched onto the Priest in seconds. As the room filled with the screams of a dying man Dean looked around, “Now. Where is my little lamb hidden?”
“Leave him. He needs to be alone.” Meg muttered her eyes trained on Castiel’s back as he made for the door. He was getting worse, the cracks in his armor widening creating a chasm with every passing day. Meg knew deep in her gut that ached sharply that she was going to lose him soon, and there was nothing she could do anymore. She couldn’t help him when he didn’t want the help. Meg let out a shuddering breath holding back the tears that rose to her eyes that stung sharply. She didn’t want to lose him.
Castiel jumped at the hand on his jaw Meg’s dark eyes concerned. Castiel pulled away from the touch uncomfortable with the raw emotion in her gaze. He didn’t feel the same as her. He was protective of his friend, but that raw emotion of love he’d never returned. He knew he hurt her could smell it in her scent. “Meg, you know I don’t feel that way.”
Castiel looked down at himself having already forgotten about his once broken nose. “I um, I broke my nose, and Dean fixed it for me. It’s nothing really. You’re looking better.” Castiel stated diverting the attention away from himself and walking over to his sister taking her hand. He wasn’t lying either her face had some color to it that it didn’t have the day before.
” His other half hissed his back to the alpha looking at the house too. Castiel wondered idly if the wolf remembered the horrors of this house that split them apart, to begin with, and if that was why he too just stared at it waring with his own emotions.
Dean slammed in again, and held back a hiss of discomfort. The heat of Castiel was incredible, but going in dry fucking sucked. Dean pulled all the way out, spat onto his hand, and used it as a makeshift lube. This time when Dean pushed in, there was no scream, Castiel didn’t even seem fully conscious.
Dean nodded clapping him on the back, “That kid had the largest crush on you Sammy, maybe you should get a companion of your own hmm?”
“Lies!” Castiel roared his wolf in unison with him anger flowing through him fueled by both their rage. “You’re trying to read my mind as you mention events that would clearly happen in my life. I didn’t choose this, I had no choice in the matter. The wolf came over me to protect me severing our connection and now I’m stuck in between constantly warring with myself. I’d never willingly chosen this.”
Dean looked up from the ancient tomb he was reading that he’d taken from Crowley’s library. “I’m looking for a spell that can get passed angel warding.”
“Please answer the question, Meg,” Castiel replied his heart hammering in his chest he needed to hear this.
Castiel sighed heavily. “I was thinking of naming him Gabriel. Gabriel after all risked his life for us. I thought it might be fitting.”
Sam shook his head pulling the demon knife from his pants and jogged up the stairs. Castiel was right behind him his angel blade in one hand his demon blade in the other.  Sam opened the door the slightest bit his entire body filling with shock. “Dean?”
“You killed every single demon I sent after you, so tell me, Dean, do you have any feelings for the child?”
Dean laughed in shock ignoring the angel’s first words in favor for the end, “Cas, I’m shocked, who taught you that kind of language?”
He blinked and his black eyes were replaced with those bright brilliant green irises that shone with adoration and lust. “Father, please do not be afraid, all I want to do is shower you with the love you deserve, the love you crave.” His deep voice rasped in Castiel’s ear. The demons leg grinded against Castiel’s genitals bringing them to life. Castiel groaned loudly hitting his head back against the wall.
Hannah shook her head. “I don’t think he knows exactly where you are otherwise he’d already be here, but somehow he’s closing in and quickly. I want to move you both here soon to a different location. I was hoping to do that next week if that’s alright with you.”
“It’s me.” He muttered before reaching into their shared backpack of the few clothes they owned and some of the wipes they kept on hand. He needed a real shower, but for now, he wiped the blood off his body with practiced wipes shoving his bloodied clothes into a ziplock bag before tugged on a worn too big for him t-shirt and baggy pants that covered up his too thin body and many tattoo’s.
“Okay,” Castiel said his voice low in thought. “I have to make a choice to either go to a facility where they will teach me to cope with being a rogue or stay here with him… because he’s my mate.” Meg stiffened her expression clouding with anger.
Dean chuckled at Castiel sharp intake of breath when the angel hung up the phone. “Aw Cas, that wasn’t very nice.”
Castiel sucked in a breath his entire body locking up realizing he was defenseless against this thing that had once been the human he’d moved heaven and earth for. “I’ve been watching you for awhile now your hand was curved around it. I do have to say it’s quite the knife. Hannah sure knows how to pick them.”
“There is a fucking reason I haven’t sought him out, Sam. He’s been manipulated by witches one too many times in his life and mate or not he won’t give a damn when he finds out that I can hear every thought he has and see any memory I want. Now-.” He cut off suddenly as the two packmates entered the room green eyes meeting his own. Castiel stopped dead in his tracks. He knew those eyes. He’s seen them in dreams staring at him in the dark before disappearing into nothing. ‘Mate or not he won’t give a damn when he finds out that I can hear every thought he has and see any memory I want.’
“You shouldn’t have done that,” Sam spoke the accusation slurred into those words. Sam didn’t miss anything, the emotions he felt sometimes spoke louder than the thoughts Dean could hear. He’d felt Dean’s pain at seeing a mate that recoiled from him, but he could feel Castiel’s confusion, and Meg’s grief as if it was his own. He had to filter through so many emotions that sometimes he couldn’t help but defend the feelings he felt.
After Dean finished laughing he whipped his eye’s as if he had tears in them, “You know Cas, I knew you were in love with me. Sam and I used to talk about it. He told me I should tell you that I’d never love you back, but I just never had it in me. So I strung you along, praising you when you needed it, keeping eye contact long enough for you to think something was going to come from it. Oh the hours I spent thinking about how I could keep you interested, just because I didn’t want you finding out that I really never loved you. I never even thought of you as family,” the lies fell freely from his mouth like a pulsing waterfall that could no longer be stopped.
“It’s a little too late for some of us.” He muttered his gaze falling away to stare at red eyes who glared back at him silently. The wolf was being uncannily silent and docile, and as if sensing his thought his other half bared his teeth angrily at him. His thoughts turned to his mother and his brothers all taken away by the whims of a witch who controlled his father. It was too late for all of them.
Castiel groaned as Dean started tugging at his cock none to gently, “Come on Cas give me a fucking answer. Should I fucking end you?”
Castiel sobbed into his pillow at the cries of his child. Hannah handled it with care snipping the cord and clearing it’s airways before finishing with Castiel. Castiel rolled his head to side to look at the child as Hannah healed him. “What is it?” Castiel whispered.
Dean dipped his hand in Holy Oil and they both watched as it slid down his hand covering his entire arm in its slick. Dean smiled and leaned down to kiss Castiel while he slowly circled Castiel’s rim with his slicked up fingers.
Dean sighed. “He’s my son too, and he needs you most of all. If you died what would he do? He doesn’t trust me, he doesn’t know, Sam. How do you think he would handle losing you? They can’t kill me, Cas. The mark doesn’t allow me to die.”
Dean sighed heavily shaking his head looking down at the toddler in his hands. “Oh would you look at that you’ve calmed down.”
Castiel awoke slowly his head feeling heavy and fogged like he’d been drugged as he struggled to open his eyes. His face was buried in a pillow the scent of vanilla and birch burning in his nose comfortingly and Castiel breathed it in deeply like it was the first drop of water after weeks without it. The more he inhaled the more the fogginess began to recede, and he began to register where he knew the scent from. He scrambled away from the pillow then his chest heaving as he remembered what happened. He stood in a room with dark forest green walls drawings of him at all different ages scattered and pinned against the green and Castiel stared at it with a racing heart Mary’s words ringing in his ears about a man who dreamed of him.
and nobody, not even God, is going to take Cas away from him. Dean brought Castiel’s mouth to his the kiss was light nothing demanding just reassuring that they were together. Dean pulled away and begun rubbing the soap into Castiel’s skin over and over till the marks and the scent of holy oil was gone from his body.
Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel gently at first just tasting. Castiel felt as the demon moved his hands down his chest lightly making him shiver and then the heat around his cock as the demon stroked him. Castiel sobbed at the sensation never daring to touch himself like this, and he had to wonder to himself how could something like this that makes him feel so good be so terribly wrong?
Castiel glared at Dean pulling said blade from the back of his pants. “As if I’d ever come around you without this now, Dean.”
Dean quickly complied and waited as Castiel squirmed adjusting to the feeling. Once Castiel went still Dean scissored his fingers moving them in and out opening his angel up adding another finger before he thought Castiel was ready.
Sam nodded. “I convinced Dean it was something you all should learn, and he got the permission for me to teach you guys every Friday.”
Castiel woke slowly his senses telling him something wasn’t right. Castiel sat up quickly his eyes landing on the darkest part of his room and in it two shining bright green eyes were watching him.
“What, you don’t wanna see you, big brother? I’m hurt, Cas, truly I’m devastated.” Castiel rolled his eyes his brother chuckling on the other line probably envisioning Castiel’s eyes roll. “Chuck is back to rule the pack so I’m free to go. I’ll hang out till Anna is ready to come home then I’ll be out of your hair.”
Dean held Sam’s phone up to his ear listening to the ringing of the other line. “Sam what have you done?” Castiel’s voice hissed into Dean’s ear.
They both jumped as the one phone they owned shrilled to life the wood nymphs chittering in the woods in distaste. Castiel dug the phone from the backpack and answered it with a clipped, “Hello?”
Sam took a couple steps forward pointing his finger. “No, no you don’t. You don’t get to quit. We don’t get to quit in this family. This family is all we have ever had.”
“Please Dean. Please touch me.” Castiel whined pushing his hips towards Dean’s to meet every thrust, and who was Dean to deny him when he asked so nicely.
Castiel screamed as another contraction hit him burying his face into the pillow. The baby had no way to get out of his vessel and it was trying desperately to get out. “Hannah just get it out of me!” Castiel roared as his child's first cries filled the air.
Dean started moving his eyes never leaving Castiel’s and Cas’s hand reached up gripping Dean’s shoulders as Dean started slamming into his prostate. Castiel moaned loudly, but he never shut his eyes just as determined as Dean to uphold eye contact. Dean loved Castiel’s eyes, he loved the way he smelled, and he loved how well his body responded to his own.
Castiel sighed. “I know that, what happened after I found her? I don’t… I don’t remember much.” He admitted, and the harder he attempted to remember, the stronger the throbbing in his mind became.
Doesn’t sound so bad right? Hot gym teacher, something nice to stare at all class period, at least it’s better than the creepy old dude who teaches the other gym class. Well for Castiel, he’d much rather have the creepy old dude, who he’s sure would molest him if he had the chance. For whatever reason, Dean decided to make Castiel a sort of star of the class. Dean was picking him for demonstrations, always giving him those dazzling smiles, and giving him candy for best effort at the end of class almost everyday.
Castiel whimpered again pawing at the demons back, and moving his hips against him encouraging the demon to move. Dean shook his head. “I’ll move when you tell me exactly how you feel with me inside of you.”
He looked up to see very bright green eye’s staring at him. Dean was still inside him and he had draped his body over Castiel’s resting his head on his chest watching Castiel closely. “You’re mine Castiel. You’ll never be able to escape me, and I will always be able to find you. We are bonded, and from now on and even past to when you die you will belong to me and no one else’s.”
“You’re a demon you can’t find anything beautiful all you see is destruction.” Castiel murmured trying even when he knew he was lost to fight him. He was trying to fight the pull of Dean Winchester, but with breath he found himself loosing his resolve.
“It’s a boy. A very healthy one at that. I think it used up every last bit of grace you had to keep itself healthy the little parasite.” Castiel flinched at the word but continued staring at the screaming bundle. It’s hair was a light blond and it’s eyes blue for now.
Castiel forced the memories of fighting off demon after demon to get to Dean on that rack, and began to move counting on the fact that the demon’s attention was solely focused on Dean. Dean rolled his eyes. “Really? You’re going to lie to me? I know you know where Crowley is. You were always hovering around us. I’m giving you one more chance. Where is he?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes then and stepped out of the way his head jerked towards the stairs. “She’s up there waiting for you. You should go see her,
Dean turned, smiled at Michael and sauntered, yes, he fucking sauntered, over to Michael’s mat in front of Castiel’s.
Castiel bolted from his bed for the door easily being thrown back against the wall with a flick of Dean’s wrist. Castiel cried out fighting against the invisible chains. “Dean. Dean please don’t he’s your son too. Please don’t hurt him.”
“There wasn’t much you could do, Cas. Dad cast you out, and you became… rogue.” Castiel nodded swallowing hard her hazel eyes sympathetic. She was 18 now, not so much a little girl, but it felt like she still was to Castiel. The last time he’d seen her, she had been 12 and he 16. So much has changed in him since then.
When Dean pulled back to allow Castiel to breathe Cas murmured, “Dean our bond is torn, and I don’t want to deal with the ache any longer. Please fix it I want to be bonded to you, and I want whatever you will give me.”
Castiel nodded running his hand threw his hair. “How are you going to keep him from finding us again?”
The woman grinned. “Then we have so work to do, dear. We don’t want Dean messing with your mind again. My name is Rowena why don’t we take you somewhere better than this place, hmm?"
The man looked up at him grinning. “God cast Lucifer down, and Lucifer created us. That makes God just as guilty.”
That night flashed in Castiel’s mind. It’d been a blur mentally his wolf had torn him to shreds, and Lilith’s seductive voice whispering in his ear twisting and goading his wolf on.  There’d been the crash of a window, a figure crashing into Lilith and dragging her kicking and screaming while Meg had dragged him out of that house and to the nearest rogue facility. Castiel and Meg had never talked about that night and now he felt like he was at a disadvantage. “What?”
Chuck knocked on the door for it to be opened by a large man with peppered black hair and dark brown eyes. He took in the three of them and smiled formally at Chuck. “Bobby’s waiting to see Anna, and we have the transportation set up for Castiel.” The alpha met Castiel’s gaze a flicker of unease in his eyes. Castiel didn’t blame him as his empty gaze stared back. His other half attacked him the phantom pains of Castiel’s throat being ripped out made him flinch the alpha’s eyes narrowing further.
“Do it, Dean.” Castiel hissed. Dean shrugged and held the cup to Phoebus's throat. Castiel slit his throat quickly and listened as the demon's essence hissed and dissipated as the blood lurched forward and into the cup. When the cup was full Castiel dropped the body to the floor. He met Dean’s gaze easily challenging him to say something.
Dean shrugged walking towards the door winking at Castiel. “I’ll consider it.” Dean threw his knife at Castiel it landing with a sharp thud next to Castiel head. Castiel screamed after Dean, but the demon didn’t turn back.
Castiel rolled his shoulders back clearing his throat. “I was honest with you last night, Cas, now it’s time that you are honest with me, what happened the night you turned rogue?” She all but snarled taking a step closer to him her scent growing hostile. Castiel felt his responding growl rumble in his chest as he rose to his full height his eyes turning red as he got into her face both their teeth bared ready for a fight.
“Well it didn’t and for all we know my child could be dead by now, and it’s all because of you.” Castiel hissed.
“Stop it.” Dean hissed and the images began to recede as did his wolf, but the damage had been done as Castiel grasped his head shuddering violently. He couldn’t escape his own mind. He would never escape this. Death would be better than this, surely. Dean lurched forward and grasped Castiel’s hands squeezing them tightly. “Look at me. We’re all monsters, Castiel. There is not a day that goes by that I don’t think about what a monster I am. What I can do violates every personal boundary a person has and believe when I say I’ve held a gun to my head and almost pulled the trigger. If I didn’t know the havoc it’d cause on my family, I would have done it already. I hear how much my family loves me, and I can tell when someone hates me,” he paused licking his lips his eyes hurting, “but being a monster doesn’t mean you can’t continue to live. Being a monster doesn’t mean you can’t change, Cas.” Castiel wasn’t sure if it was the words that breached the cloud in his mind, or the soothing smell, or maybe those damn green eyes with all their sincerity. “You can change,” Dean grunted his green eyes fierce.
Castiel glanced over at his other half the red-eyed alpha’s hands thrown in the air walking around them like the predator he was. “
“One that you adore. How many times are we going to have this argument? He hasn’t show any signs of having more strength than he should. He hasn’t used any angel powers. I’m starting to think he’s normal.”
Dean glanced up at his brother smiling wickedly, “I got myself a little companion. What about you? Where have you been the past three days?”
“You… I need you Dean. All of you,” Dean shuddered. He needed to take care of Cas first, not his sudden need to stick his dick inside of him. Dean slowly lowered Castiel feet onto the ground pulling Castiel’s body flush against his with one arm to hold him up.
“If you stay, and you let go of your hatred of witches you’ll gain a mate and your mind back. You leave, and we’ll help you get the beast inside of you under control. That will be all you’ll have is your beast under control.” Her expression was hard her scent sweet like her son’s. “The full moon is tomorrow. You have until tomorrow night to decide. Your sister would like to see you and Meg can show you where your room is.” Castiel knew a dismissal when he was given one, but he had questions.
Sam was waiting around the corner his arms crossed his expression dark irritated his hazel eyes muddied to a brown color like they always did when he was feeling to many people’s pain. “What’s up, Sammy?” Dean smiled even though he knew, he could read it in the lines of his little brother's face, in those dark eyes that flared with anger as much as he could read it in his mind.
The man’s eyes opened widely staring open mouthed at Dean as he twisted and pulled his heart out grinning at the sounds of flesh ripping. Dean loved watching the life of a person fading out into nothing, and he took great pleasure in crushing the heart in his hand to a bloody pulp wiping his hand off on the Priests robes.
“You’re so tight and hot, angel, can’t wait to be inside you. Gonna fuck you so hard. You’re going to feel me for days.” Dean said as he added a third, hitting Castiel’s prostate repeatedly.
“God damn it Castiel I have worked to damn hard to keep you alive to want to throw your life away. You will get treatment, and when the doctor deems you to be safe to be around other people, we are going to hit the road like we always have, and we will live our lives together till we’re old, do you understand?” She roared at him her gaze petrifying.
Castiel stared at him numbly. He couldn’t place what was wrong at that moment, something in him felt like it was missing, some vital part of him was absent. Castiel glanced around the room and suddenly he felt it, the aching gap in his mind. He couldn’t see his wolf. “I can’t see him, and I… I can’t hear him. My wolf’s gone, Dean.”
Without waiting for an answer, Sam stalked off. Gabriel raised an eyebrow at Dean, who shrugged, following his brother over to the corner. Gabriel turned towards Castiel. “Hold out your hand.”
Castiel inhaled sharply in fear, he started whispering the Lord’s Prayer to himself in panicked gasps. “Our Father, Who art in heaven, Hallowed by thy Name, Thy Kingdom come…” the demon slammed him against the wall again his head feeling as if it were being split open.
Hi all! It's been quite a long time. I've sat on this fic for a while. I've reviewed, tried to continue it, and now have rewritten it. There are some factors from the old fic that are the same, but so many things have changed. This version is much more brutal than the original and in this version of the story, there are a few suicidal themes coming through in this as well. I will write a warning before all fic chapters when there will be something violent or suicide related. I hope you guys will enjoy this journey with me once more. If you have questions please let me know in the comments below.
He found Gabriel and Meg sitting in the living room a small fire lit that crackled as they talked in soft voices. Castiel stood in the doorway feeling ungodly tired. Here in this once home he realized how broken he was and how much he’d let his family down. “
“I don’t have him anymore. Crowley took him when I wasn’t paying attention. I’m here for both of your help on getting him back.”
“Can you tell me something, anything that doesn’t have to do with you being able to read people’s minds or control them. Give me something to think about you other than that.” Castiel muttered trying to look at this omega before him like a person, not just a thing that could order him to kill himself or anyone at any moment.
Castiel repeated the words realizing to late what exactly they meant. Castiel felt as something very pure left him, and was replaced with the dark seductive presence of Dean Winchester. “Now, my little lamb, cum for me.”
“You know what happened. Chuck was beating on me, my wolf offered a way out, I took it.” Castiel muttered something twisted in his gut a bad feeling like that felt like a knife carving his insides out. Meg’s expression darkened her fingers twitching in irritation. His wolf growled not at him but at her as if he knew something Castiel didn’t. He didn’t want to have this conversation.
Dean reached over to the night stand grabbing the bottle of lube he always kept there and opened the cap the pop of it seeming loud in the other wise silent room. Dean grinned when Castiel whined trying to pull Dean back down on top of him.
Dean grinned again, “Just consider it Sammy. Take it from me, there’s nothing more satisfying then defiling a Priest.”
“You’ll cum when I tell you to because I know your pretty little cock can cum all on its own.” Dean's grin was wicked as he focused on hitting Castiel prostate with every thrust.
“Do you think he’s being docile because you were going to kill yourself?” She asked her voice wavering and Castiel shook his head shame running down him in hot waves at the tears that spilled over onto her checks.
She smiled weakly. “Thank you for coming, Castiel. It’s really good to see you.” Castiel smiled softly pecking her forehead with a soft kiss then made his way back downstairs his legs feeling heavy with guilt.
“No, it’s not that. I’m sorry, Meg. I’m so sorry.” Castiel said trying to swallow around the lump in his throat. He’d been weak, so very weak, no light at the end only madness and destruction and he hadn’t wanted to deal with that. He made a silent promise to himself he’d try harder just so that maybe he’d never have to see that devastated look on her face again.
him there. There was no split decision in the middle of the fight for Castiel to turn rogue in order to save his life. He wasn’t near death, he was bruised, and his pride scorned, but he wasn’t about to die.”
Castiel pulled back, his breath ragged and uneven. Castiel knew this should feel wrong, Dean was his teacher, and no matter what Dean or him felt, even if they felt anything, they shouldn’t be doing this.
“Castiel, if you had the chance to no longer be rogue, would you take it?” His gaze flicked to his wolf who was leaning heavily the wall of the manor is features expressionless waiting for an answer.
His counterpart screamed and Castiel snarled snapping back. “You’ll kill both of us you selfish prick.” The wolf striding back away from him a smirk on his lips as if he’d won something a reminder that he had all of the power. Castiel looked back at his beta friend the woman staring at him with pursed lips her gaze heavy with fear but not for her life, no, for the day he would follow through and kill himself to rid his existence. “I’m not going back, Meg. They brought me back from the edge, that was enough. I just lost control, and that’s nothing new.”
Castiel scowled. Michael Milligan, the quarterback for the school, and one of the most popular people in this hell hole. He also happened to be openly gay. Everyone knew Michael was jonesing to get into Dean’s pants.
I'm sorry for the short and late chapter. I had written out a good chunk of the third chapter when I'd left my computer alone for a while and it died and I lost all of my progress. I hope you guys enjoy.
“We could end her with one move Castiel one little move and the questions will stop. You don’t have to remember.” He purred and Castiel frowned in confusion doubt beginning to set in.
Dean rolled his eyes his gaze penetrating Sam’s skin.“You think I’m just gonna sit here like Crowley, getting all weepy while you shoot me up? Well, screw that. I don’t want this.” Dean protested.
Castiel pushed open the door into the hospital room he’d left his sister in the day before. Anna, Gabriel, Chuck, and Meg all looked up at him as he entered the room growing silent. Castiel smiled wearily at them all Meg’s expression downright murderous, Gabriel indifferent, Chuck smiled back similarly, and Anna smiled warmly then frowning.
Castiel walked towards the man in back wondering curiously why a man was in here so late. The man’s eyes flickered down towards him briefly then went back to the angels. When Castiel stopped in front of him about to ask if he could help him the man asked. “Do you believe in angels, Father?”
When Dean bottomed out, he groaned against Castiel’s back, thrusting shallowly a couple of times, as if to test it out. “You ready, Cas?”
Dean snorted and wrapped his hand around Castiel’s neck squeezing tightly while angling his hips just right to pull grunts of pleasure from the angel. “When are you going to learn angel? Human’s are corrupt. They don’t give a shit about anything other than themselves.”
“I will,” he whispered his voice trembling for a moment before he swallowed past the lump in his throat and jerked his head at his pack mate to follow him. Begrudgingly Meg stood following him silently into the hallway.
The baby smiled up at him it’s little hand grabbing onto his nose. Castiel smiled tears sliding down his cheeks. “I will stay for a couple more weeks till you are comfortable on your own. This is all I can offer.”
Castiel sobbed as he heard his child's cries pick up in the room next to him Dean’s deep voice shushing him. Castiel thrashed against his holds till suddenly he dropped to the floor. Castiel picked himself up quickly and ran into Gabriel’s room. Castiel dropped to his knees loud wales coming from his lips. Gabriel was gone.
Dean leaned down catching Castiel’s open mouth in a passionate kiss. Dean’s hands traveled all over Castiel’s body exploring everything that made up his bond mate. Castiel arched into the touch huffing out pleas for more and Dean wasn’t going to deny him anything. No he would give Castiel whatever he wanted no matter the cost.
Hannah sighed and helped him to bed. They had to get him another grace to be able to sustain his life force and his child but he was growing weak again. He was thin and sickly looking no matter how much he ate and tried to take care of himself. He couldn’t wait for his child to be born.
He’d long since left behind the thought of having a mate. He was a rogue; he couldn’t form pack bounds let alone mate someone. He thought of those green eyes, the ones he’d sometimes see in dreams that he’d chase after in the dark away from the horrors of his nightmares. He’d been there all along, and when he saw those eyes in dreams, he took solace in the fact that there was a way out of them. Now there was just a name and a face to those eyes. But would he ever get over the fear of being with someone who could control his very thoughts perhaps, or even tell what he was going to do before he was going to do it. It was a strange thought and it didn’t sit very well at all, but could he ignore this man who saved him from his dreams and from the woman who was the bane of his very existence.
Dean sighed tightening his grip around him. Castiel felt like he was suffocating in the hold of the man he once loved. “It may have started out that way, but it’s hard to want to see you suffer when watching it happen makes my insides clench in disgust. Dammit, Cas I still feel shit. It’s hard for me to watch you in pain. Half of me enjoys it, and the other half of me wants to make it better. I can’t tell you what that’s like.”
“I’m a monster.” Castiel croaked tears flowing down his face as the door busted open Dean standing there his face furious as he glowered on the both of them. His smell was warm of birch and vanilla, but it did nothing to dissipate the ache in his chest, and the hollow feeling in his stomach.
The dream he’d been in all those months in the rogue facility had been hell. He’d been fighting demons as an angel, the perfect soldier, but it never ended; there was always more demons to kill and no end in sight. When it ended, he’d been standing in the rubble of a home that no longer stood the earth on fire and destroyed when he found a mirror and saw only a white canvas in the shape of a humans body and two black shedding wings arched around him. It had broken through something in him, he’d heard a voice calling his name, then he’d been staring into the face of a nurse who looked relieved to see him coherent. Looking back now he’d felt a presence around him that he’d believed been a part of whatever drugs they’d been pumping through him but now he understood a sort of familiarity to it that he recognized even now. The voice he’d heard had been Dean’s and even now he felt his presence flickering around his consciousness. Tentatively Castiel nudged the presence and was surprised when in return he felt a wash of warmth over his mind.
Gabriel grinned wickedly, making a loud popping noise as he pulled the lollipop from his mouth. “Don’t wanna ruin the surprise, little brother.”
Castiel glared at those green eyes in annoyance. “Do you have a better plan? If so, by all means, share it, because even though you don’t give a damn if our son lives or dies I do. So instead of being snarky why don’t you put something out there that would actually help us.” Castiel was now in Dean’s face, and he didn’t even care that he was no longer an angel. He didn’t care that if Dean so desired with a flick of his hand he’d be pinned to a wall and unable to move. He really just didn’t give a fuck.
Gabriel shook his head, popping the lollipop back into his mouth as he slung his arm around Castiel’s shoulders. “Nu-uh, you have to wait for the awesomeness that is Sam Winchester, who’s probably the most bendy person I know, besides you.”
Castiel moaned in response when Dean hit his prostate again and again bringing back the burning heat in the pit of his stomach. “Fuck, Dean, I’m so close again.”
He opened his eyes to what was happening to his body to find his wolf was curled around a sleeping Meg, but he was looking up at a blond wolf who’d emerged from bushes green eyes fading to blue and Castiel wouldn’t doubt that his wolf own were red in response. Neither approached each other, they just stared and Castiel almost felt like he was intruding on the moment and then those eyes turned to him and he felt frozen that warmth in his mind radiating out once more before the omega backed up back into the forest and Castiel startled as his other half appeared next to him his body appearing to have gone back to sleep.
Castiel heard a loud dramatic sigh and a man with a small bulging face appeared from a back hallway in a black and white suit. “Dean, always a pleasure. And you brought the ex-angel with you, lovely.” Castiel didn’t miss the heavy sarcasm in the man's voice. The man looked Castiel over with an appraising eye. “Well, he certainly is more attractive in person,” Dean growled slightly moving to stand in the demon's line of sight of Castiel. Shaking himself the demon met Dean’s gaze. “What exactly can I do for the man who bears the mark of Cain?”
There were several bodies knocked out no doubt Meg’s work as some of them tried to escape. If she’d gotten them all though she wouldn’t be so worried. “Grab your bike and let’s get the hell out of here.” Meg hissed leaping onto her red mountain bike taking off into the forest. Castiel straddled his black bike much slower glancing back at the road as he heard sirens. His wolf smiled grimly readying for another fight.
!” His wolf called after him and the alpha ignored him walking down a long hallway to one of the bigger rooms of the mansion pushing the door open with confidence like he’s done it a thousand times striding into his sister’s well-lit room.
Lilith scratched and stone wall with broken fingernails the blood pouring freshly down her hands. She didn’t feel the pain anymore, her mind constantly ached her mind bleeding in its own right. The door to her cell opened light pooling into the once dark room. Lilith didn’t move, didn’t care if the guard was there to use her body once more, or if it were mealtime, or what was going on. She only stared at the blood falling down her hand her mind replaying that night over and over. Her mind was a nightmare.
Castiel’s heart stopped at those words. He didn’t say anything for a long time. “It doesn’t matter if he’s alive, Sam. He’s no longer human.”
“Hey Novak, don’t try so hard for all of the attention today okay? Some other people would like a shot for Dean’s affections.”
Sam had done it. He had Dean in the dungeon and he was going to cure him. He walked in calmly the bags of blood in the cooler his brother gaze following every step. “Really?” Dean drawled his gaze on the cooler as he set it down.
Demons shouldn’t be able to get on holy ground; they should not be able to enter a church. Castiel ran down the stairs to the basement sliding the wooden bolt over the heavy set wooden doors. The attempt was futile when the doors cracked open, the demon having kicked them in wood flying out in splintered pieces.
Sam was combing through police reports and the news looking for anything that could point him to his brother when a loud banging came from the bunkers front door. Both him and Castiel looked up at the door both their eyes narrowing. “Were you expecting someone, Sam?”
Cas smiled lightly and leaned up brushing his lips against Dean’s almost in a way asking if it was okay. Dean’s answer was pushing his lips against Cas’s dragging his tongue against Castiel lower lip till his mouth opened. Dean licked into Castiel’s mouth just tasting him and enjoying having his warm body against his.
Castiel smiled cruelly at the alpha his hands curling into tight fists and his claws extended. “They never do.” He muttered and with wicked speed slashed the alpha’s throat out his claws clutching the man’s jugular in his hand the blood seeping out and onto his arm sticky and sweet.
“I feel better, Cas. These people are going to help me… and you.” She added hurt lingering in those eyes. Ah, so she’d been told. She now knew his promise to her yesterday had been bull shit and now he had chipped away at her trust.
The demon smiled his eyes glinting with happiness. “Castiel,” he tried the name out for himself, “What a beautiful name. Do you mind if I shorten it? I’m thinking Cas. You like that don’t you Cas?” he kissed up his jaw lightly nuzzling his neck again.
“I want you to know, Castiel,” Castiel snapped his eyes up to those green orbs hearing his name on those lips struck a chord in him, made this omega real to him for a reason he couldn’t explain. “I’m tied to you, to your mind and your soul. I couldn’t ignore your thoughts even if I wanted to and I won’t hide what I am from you either. I can hear every thought, they bleed into my dreams, and I can feel your emotions.” Their faces were mere inches apart and Dean’s scent went over in him in waves both calming and stirring. He smelt divine, and Castiel shuddered as a sudden wave of arousal coursed through him.
“I said you’ve got your child. Cas got pregnant Dean. He wouldn’t explain to me how just that it was yours. You’ve got a family Dean.”
The wolf screamed in his ears and Castiel closed his eyes tightly shaking his head, hands snapping up to cover his ears. It did nothing to help. He was heading down a spiral the screams heavy in his ears drowning out any other noise. He couldn’t take this, he didn’t want to. Clear as day he saw in his hands a silver blade, his hands shook, his body weak with exhaustion, and in front of him stood the wolf with red confident eyes and a steady hand held out to him for the blade, for control. Castiel looked back at him, then at the blade his hands shaking even more with indecision warring inside of him. “
“Nowhere to run… my pretty little lamb.” He was nearly backed up against the farthest wall, and Castiel stood frozen in fear. The demon’s black eye’s shined brightly with excitement. His lips only a few inches from his ear. “Please forgive me, Father, for I’m about to sin…” he nipped at Castiel’s ear, his body shivering against his will.
His wolf huffed and Castiel shoved at his consciousness with all his might stumbling as he came back into control falling face first into a tree root his nose snapping on the impact. “Fuck!” Castiel hissed reeling back and clutching his face as blood began pouring down his face in gushes.
Castiel woke up slowly his eyes crusted over from crying in his sleep. He was so tired. He’d let his grief take control of him, and that was unacceptable. His child was somewhere, and only his Father knows what they’re doing to him. Crowley. Oh, the things Castiel would love to do to that abomination. No, there would be no love lost when Castiel killed him. Castiel dragged himself from his bed and into the massive bathroom. He cleaned himself, shaved, brushed his teeth, and began to put on his clothes with one hand. Castiel wrapped up his probably broken hand tightly with gauze. He missed his healing abilities.
Dean grins, no Castiel was worth the rash decision. He was worth the risk of walking into a hunter’s lair to claim as his own. “What are you grinning about?”
“My mother is going to present you with two options when you make it back to the manor. The first is you leave and go to a ward we personally own. You will be seen by the best doctors and they will help you cope with being a rogue and teach you ways to manage it so you can live a happy normal life. The second option it that you will stay here with us and overtime your wolf will merge with your mind once more because we can’t mate till you do. That is your decision if you want to leave or stay.” His face was hard, but his eyes revealed a deeper inner pain that Castiel stared back into wearily. What was it like for him, he wondered, to have a mate that didn’t want you back?
He was smirking walking slowly towards the Priest, “Well, well what do we have here?” Castiel backed up further into the room the demon circling him like he was a predator stalking his prey.
Castiel sighed and followed Dean into the apartment almost startling as Dean shouted. “Phoebus get your fat ass out here, and if you dare try and smoke out of here when I find you I will torture you in ways you’ve never even dreamed of.”
Castiel was breathing heavily now, and his erection was painful and pushing against his pants. “Please… let me go. I can’t…”
“What are you?” Castiel muttered confused beyond belief. He opened his eyes in panic looking at his wolf who looked back at him in complete disbelief. He was calm, the blood was gone, his red eyes lost. “Mate.” It whispered and Castiel froze in the man’s arms.
“You hit me, and my wolf didn’t even react. He’s… docile.” Castiel said and Meg’s brown eyes grew large with surprise.
“I’m pregnant Sam. I’m not going to tell you how that’s even possible, but it’s Dean’s. When it’s born I’ll be human, and it will be Nephilim which means it will be hunted. I need to go into hiding. I just thought you should know.” Castiel whispered.
“You notice that I tried to get as far away from you as possible? Away from your whining, your complaining. I chose the king of hell over you. Maybe I was just tired of babysitting you or always having to yank your lame ass out of the fire since forever. Or maybe it was the fact that my mother would still be alive if it wasn’t for you. That your very existence sucked the life out of my life.”
Sam gasped when he was pushed out of the way Castiel slamming a fist in Dean’s face taking them both to the ground. “You son of a bitch where the hell is my son.” Castiel screamed holding his angel blade against Dean’s throat. Dean’s eyes were black as he glared up at Castiel.
Hey guys, so I have written, and re-written this chapter a dozen times trying to get the tone I want to set just right and I'm still unsure if it's exactly how I want it. But, this has been my favorite version so far and I wanted to update this fic badly for you guys.  Just a fair warning Castiel's wolf does say some verbally abusive things toward Castiel at the end of the chapter. Also, there is some NSFW content in this chapter. As always I love hearing from you if you have any thoughts or questions I'd love to hear what you guys think!
Gabriel slapped his hand on Castiel’s mouth. “Jesus, keep it down, will you? Just take the damn thing so I know at least you’ll be safe.”
Sam smiled at that. If Dean were human Sam knew he’d appreciate that.“Other than looks is he anything like, Dean?” Sam asked.
Castiel lunged wrapping an arm around the top of the demon’s head, and with his other unbroken hand, he jabbed the tip of his angel blade against the underside of the demon’s jaw. “That’s not good enough. How would you get ahold of him?” Castiel hissed in the demon's ear. When he didn’t get an answer Castiel jabbed harder drawing blood and a pained scream from the demon.
Castiel whimpered again his erection was becoming more apparent by the second. “C-Castiel. My name is Castiel.”
After Dean finished drying Castiel’s hair he squatted down kissing him lightly, “Come to bed with me?”
“I’m sorry, Meg,” Castiel whispered softly and the beta stopped her tight shoulders slouching suddenly a heavy breath escaping her.
The figment smirked and gave him a sidelong glance. “No? And yet you reach out and touch his mind. Not an easy task for someone with no magic in their blood to reach out to the presence of another’s mind unless they were used to the presence. We know him, have felt him in dreams and thoughts even if we’ve never spoken with him before yesterday. I believe you should try and trust him as he is trusting you not to leave.”
Dean snorted. “I’ve said it before and I will say it again. Without your powers, you’re like a baby in a trench coat.” Dean paused glancing over Castiel’s form fitting shirt and snug pants. “Well, minus the trench coat. Plus, I’m pretty sure that hand of yours is broken.”
“I couldn’t help you, but I could hurt her for what she had done to you. I tore her mind apart all the while thinking of the pain you were in. I stopped trying to stay out of your head after that. If I could’ve gotten there sooner… I don’t know what would have happened differently.” Castiel stared at the man in front of him in disbelief. He didn’t know if he should be angry or comforted. He didn’t know what to feel, but if what he said was true this omega had saved him by what he’d seen in his mind.
“Dean… please... stop.” Dean used his foot to push the angel onto his back before he straddled him, pressing the first blade into Castiel’s neck.
Gabriel giggled kicking out his feet and twisting trying to get out of Castiel’s hold. “Oh no you don’t. You need a bath you stinker.”
Dean, he cried for the fact that he was birthing an abomination, and cried for the fact that he didn’t care because it was apart of Dean.
Castiel shook his head. “You don’t know him like I do. If demon Dean finds out he won’t care. He might find me out of curiosity and would have no problem killing me and our child. He’s not capable of caring Hannah.”
Sam froze anger boiling in his blood as he turned around. “What do I care?” Sam choked out shaking his head in disbelief. “Ritum sacrum hanc terram consecro.” Sam spoke his eyes on the holy water he was sprinkling around.
Castiel growled in anger at being locked in here when he felt the magic lift suddenly and he barged through the door into a long hallway his eyes landing on Meg who was rushing towards him the retreating figure of a male walking away from them down the hallway. Castiel narrowed his gaze as he looked after the man watching as the other wolfs shoulders seemed to stiffen the longer his gaze stayed on him till the man began jogging down the stairs as if to escape his gaze.
Castiel was surprised as he slipped back into his own body the wolf seeming content to let him control their body. It was odd to feel the pull of the full moon, and yet be in control of his own movements. In the end, Castiel laid back down comforted by the warmth of his longtime friend and committing the moment to memory for when he inevitably stayed here, and she left on whatever journey awaited her away from him.
Dean pulled back, both of their breaths coming rapidly and uneven. Dean stuck his hand in Castiel’s pocket, pulling out the lube and condom packet, grinning down at the younger boy.
“It’s time for me to go now, Anna,” Castiel whispered in her ear and her eyes fluttered open to look at him weakly.
“Cas,” Meg said in relief throwing her arms around him. Castiel caught her easily finally dragging his gaze down to his beta friend her brown eyes glistening with tears when she suddenly smacked him.
As they pulled up to the looming clan Castiel internally stiffened. It wasn’t the fact that he was closer to his impending death, but the fact that his instincts told him he was walking into a massive clan as a lone wolf and they would weed him out as different. Chuck glanced at him then back at all the houses, and then the sprawling mansion at the center of it all. “They won’t hurt you, Castiel. They’ll get you the help you need.” His father tried to reassure and Castiel remained silent, void, numb to his own emotions.
“She doesn’t read my mind.” Castiel hissed back spitting out blood that had leaked down his throat onto the ground next to him.
Castiel gritted his teeth flexing said hand only for it throb painfully. “I can push through the pain, Dean. I’m well informed in hand to hand combat, and I’m skilled with my angel blade. I can protect myself even with a broken hand.” Castiel hissed. This man was beginning to piss him off with his belittlement of his abilities.
“What have I done?” Castiel whimpered gripping his brother tightly his breath coming out in panicked sobs.
Dean chuckled again and dug his nails into one of the cuts on Castiel’s face. Castiel hissed turning his head away from the demon above him, tears streaming down his face. “Come on Cas, don’t you have something to say to me?”
Castiel listened to Sam’s message and rubbed his swollen belly slowly. He had two months left before he was due. Hannah said she would stay with him till the baby was born just to make sure he survived. She said as politely as possible that she couldn’t be around his abomination.
Castiel nodded harshly holding back his own growl. He didn’t allow people to put him in his place very often. “Fine.” He rumbled glancing at his wolf who stared back at him unflinchingly. “We can’t leave him. You can try, but now that we know one another we can’t leave.” Castiel didn’t know what kind of cryptic bullshit that was, but he didn’t care. He wouldn’t let another omega control him.
“Okay, okay. There is a golden cup in my bedroom. If you fill it with human blood it brings you into direct contact with Crowley’s cup. Please, that’s all I know.” The demon spat his voice quivering.
Finally, she broke her expression turning hard. “The night you turned rogue, what happened, Castiel?”
Dean sighed. “You don’t think I don’t know that? I know about 90% of the class wants in my pants and the other 10% is in denial. Hell, there are teachers here who have warned me of getting too close to students because of how good looking I am. The thing is, Cas, I’m tired of denying the want I have for you. The reason I put you on display to the class is because I want them to see how amazing you are. I, for whatever reason, thought that if I always put you on display like I have been others would stay away from you because I made you stand out so much.”
“Coward! You’re a coward! You’d rather die than fight. You’d rather kill yourself then deal with me, deal with the world. Fucking coward you’re leaving her behind! Liar! Fucking liar!” His wolf howled in anger in his ear, and the only outward sign Castiel made was a kiss to Anna’s head his eyes flickering to the wolf then back down to his sister.
Dean walked forward towards the large crucifix and the pull towards Castiel was extremely tight pulling a small grunt of surprise from Dean how strong the pull was. He looked around the little shine place for their ‘savior’ and found a section of the wood on the cross was carved into.
The line was silent for a long time. “Cas, man I don’t even know what to say to that. Did Dean know? I mean does he know?”
She stared at him long and hard wiping the tears from her face biting out angrily. “You will get help this time. I don’t care what your wolf has to say. Mary recommended a doctor who can really work with you, and help you manage being a rogue. If you go through all of this Mary promised she could get every charge the Rogue council has gathered on you dropped.” Her voice was filled with conviction, but he shook his head.
At this point, Castiel was directly behind the demon his gaze trained on the back of his head as he crept forward his angel blade a solid weight in his hands. “Crowley has gone underground. He’s been keeping his wear about under tight wraps. I swear I don’t know.”
The moment Dean’s lips collided with his, Castiel knew he couldn’t regret this even if he wanted to. Castiel twisted his fingers into Dean’s hair, moaning into the kiss, preening when Dean groaned out his nickname that he only pretended to hate.
Dean turned his head to look at him water dripping down his face a dangerous look in his eyes. Sam’s eyes opened wide when suddenly Dean looked alarmed groaning loudly his nostrils flaring as he shook his head the darker demonic tone bleeding back into his voice as he fought something going on inside him. Dean bared his teeth at Sam but his eyes were afraid.
“What do you want, Gabriel?” Castiel asked the alpha sharing a look with Meg. The last time they’d heard from Gabriel it’d been when Castiel had been released from the psych ward telling them he’d paid for everything and then some getting them new bikes and extra cash.
Castiel sat there his face in his hands his entire world swirling around him. Dean was alive, and Castiel was pregnant. It was so rare. Angels had no specific gender they often switched between the two. That was why Castiel’s stolen grace was draining so quickly. The baby was using it to survive. Castiel grabbed his phone and dialed Sam’s number.
“I can’t.” Castiel choked out collapsing to the floor shivering violently clutching the blade to his chest.
With a flick of his fingers the floor cracked breaking the salt line. Dean grinned at the horror on the Priest face. In fact it was the Priest Dean passed by on his way out of leaving Castiel fucked out on the floor, “And for your information Priest I haven’t killed any of you yet, I’ve just taken poor dear Castiel for myself. Now the other two,” Dean chuckled, “Ones dead the other is locked up in my basement of horrors. Now where is Castiel and maybe I’ll let you live.”
Castiel finished his cigarette and stamped out the bud rolling his shoulders uncomfortably looking over to his beta friend her expression carefully blank ready for his decision. “Let’s go.” He rumbled walking in sharp strides to the front door knocking with quick succession raps.
Dean frowned then chuckled. “Oh man he’s got to be around 7 months along if that’s true. You call that my family Sam? That little rug rat is an abomination. I believe they call those abominations Nephilim. They’re supposed to be killed immediately. Perhaps I should do this world a favor and visit my dear little angel and kill it. World would be a better place. Hell maybe it would counteract your terrible deed.”
Castiel was finding it harder and harder to tell him no. Looking into this man’s green eyes made him want to be everything he could be for him. He felt like a righteous man even though he knew that he wasn’t a man at all, but an unholy demon.
Castiel rapped his blunt fingernails against the wooden bar the heavy smell of booze and alpha sweat was poignant in the air. Meg had just stepped outside for a smoke and the longer the beta was gone the more the fire under his skin burned.
“You said the same about Lilith,” Castiel replied dully running his hands through his hair trying to take a deep breath as he looked around the green painted room wearily. Underneath the pictures of him were painted scenes of wolves running and howling, a desk covered in papers and books, a giant bookcase filled to the brim with novels, a dresser with a large tv sitting atop it, and three doors leading Gods know where. His eyes settled on the four poster bed where the tempting smell emanated the most and shook as a shiver ran down his spine the want to bury his face in the pillows once more tempting.
Dean shook his head tisking again before he slapped Castiel across the face. The angel under him jolted to consciousness, and immediately groaned at the brutal pace in which Dean was taking him.
The man’s eyes flashed black and Castiel shot away from him in fear and he ran. “You can’t run from me Priest! I can smell the fear radiating off of you, Father. You cannot hide.” The demon shouted after Castiel.
“We contacted a neighboring clan as a last-ditch attempt to save me. They have a healer there who worked miracles before. I wanted you to come with me. One last time to spend time together in case I don’t make it.” She said it with a smile, she didn’t even look afraid, and Castiel held back the bile in his throat. She was ready to die at eighteen years old.
Castiel shuddered, his breath catching in his throat, anticipation settling deep in his stomach. “Well, what are you waiting for, old man?”
“Oh, you poor girl. He really did a number on you.” A woman with a distant accent crooned and squatted before Lilith her fiery red hair catching Lilith’s attention.
Dean collapsed on top of Castiel for a moment reaching out blindly for the blade to his right. They both breathed heavily together before Dean pulled up sharply, blade in hand as he pulled out of Castiel. Castiel stared up at him with heavy eyes before closing them whispering, “It’s okay Dean, I forgive you for all of it.”
“I think I want to take your child and watch you beg for him back. I think I want to watch you suffer knowing that you allowed your son into the hands of a demon.”
Dean reacted immediately, removing his hands from around Castiel’s neck, and threw punch after punch into Castiel’s face keeping up a brutal pace into him. “How dare you fucking say her name! You don’t have the right to say her name!”
Dean groaned in pain shaking himself and Sam could hear the slight takeover of something darker bleeding into his voice. Sam took a few steps back. “Look, we got a whole bunch more of these to go. You could make it a lot easier on yourself.”
“Hey, numbnuts snap out of it. We gotta go. Shit, we really gotta go, Cas.” Her voice sharp with worry as Castiel’s wolf stared down at her with little interest.
Castiel stiffened an uncomfortable feeling washing over him something niggling at the back of his mind like a hangnail he could never get rid of. His wolf materialized next to her his expression murderous. “You don’t have to answer her.” He growled low and barely audible his fingers twitching like he was ready to attack her at any moment.
The woman’s crimson lips curled into a smile cupping the druids head a warmth spreading from her fingers. “Oh, I know him, dear. He fancies your Castiel for himself. I can ease the wounds the omega created, but I can’t fix them in their entirety. At least you’ll be able to function.”
“Now, now, angel, keep still. The more you struggle the more it hurts, or so I hear.” Dean used the blade to rip all of the angel’s clothes off, looking over Castiel’s exposed body. Dean was slightly surprised to find himself getting hard at the sight of Castiel naked before him, but he got off on a lot of new things these days. Getting hard from a naked angel wasn’t the worst thing he could possibly add to the list.
been normal the ‘I’m on the verge of murder all the time but I’m kind of doing okay’ bad?” He asked his omega scent turning sour and Castiel’s nose twitched his instincts telling him to make the omega happy.
Castiel froze. When the hell did Dean hear him play the piano? Gabriel answered for him. “Maybe one time you can come hear him play Sam-O. He plays during lunch in the music room. Our parents put him through lessons since he was five, and he’s sort of a badass. You should see him at sports though, talk about a winner.”
“Cas… please say something.” Castiel took a shuddering breath and turned around in Dean's hold. He forced himself to look at Dean, and he was surprised by the fear in those green, green eyes. It was his favorite color, and when Gabriel’s eyes had turned green he’d been filled with joy. Castiel shut his eyes and reached out feeling along Dean’s face hesitantly until his hands rested firmly against Dean’s cheeks cupping his face. He still felt like the same man he fell in love with.
Mary was sitting outside on the front porch her eyes glued to the moon her fingernails tapping against the wood. She spoke when he reached her. “Full moons are still awful for me. I’m never truly myself on them, but I’m better than I was.” Her green eyes shifted to him pinning him with a searching look.
“I’ll show you,” Meg said nothing to Chuck as she left the room her mind chewing over everything she’s heard tonight. It made more sense to what she remembered of that night, and a sick feeling settled over her stomach wondering if Castiel had purposely lied to her or if maybe that was truly how he remembered it.
