“What?” he snapped.
Turned on being an understatement, fit to burst more like. His running shorts tightening beyond belief that he started to roll his hips down into his mattress to find any inch of relief. Sucking Dean shouldn’t make him this turned on and yet there he was, moaning around a cock that he wanted so desperately inside of him. The thoughts of being stretched around Dean, the feel of him inside of Cas, how filled he’d feel with Dean buried, it was overwhelming.
“No fucking hospitals Cas.” He stamps out every word looking Cas dead in the eye to show he means it. The last time he was in a hospital his Dad died, before that his Mom died.
“Ostav’ nas.” He said in Russian Dean presumed and the guy outside left without another word. Now that was some power. Dean might have been impressed if he wasn’t slightly shitting himself on the inside.
Dean pulled him off. “C’mere, wanna try something.” He lifted Cas up to stand. His hands made quick work of the rest of Cas’ trousers, shoving his boxers down to free his cock from entrapment. Dean spat in his hand, wrapping an arm around Cas to bring him closer, lining their cocks up. Cas couldn’t help but chuckle at what Dean was attempting to do.
He can hear some muffling in the background.
Ha. Great username. He’ll give props to Cas for that later whenever he came back home.
“Storms?”
“Cas! Took you long enough to reply to my text.”
A week proved to be Cas’ breaking point when it came to Dean Winchester. Day 5 he was itching for a taste of stale smoke, leather and whatever body wash Dean dosed himself in. His palms ached, not even a pencil could satisfy them, they only wanted one thing. Him.
“Fine.” Dean replied. He noticed the lack of a certain four-year-old. “Where’s Claire?”
Cas planted another kiss to Dean’s neck. “For now.”
Then the silence followed.
A little sigh let itself be known between them.
The lights went out.
He took Dean in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks and sucking lightly. There was no smell of smoke here, just 100% pure Dean musk. It was intoxicating, spurring Cas on to take more and more of him till he managed to take Dean to his hilt, nose buried in Dean’s curls. Another shudder from the boy under him letting him know Dean was slowly losing it. On the uptake he swirled his tongue around, feeling Dean’s cock pulse in his mouth. Moans rolled out of Dean, each one as filthy as the next and then without warning Dean spilled into Cas’ mouth, hot spurts coated the inside of his mouth and he took it all, swallowing each drop that Dean would give him till he was spent and pushing Cas off of him.
Their second kiss isn’t as quiet.
Of course, saying all that, Dean did tend to slip up. He wasn’t perfect. So, his guilt gave Charlie a few more minutes in the playground and probably two bedtime stories.
Christ, Dean wasn’t entirely sure that Cas would even care if he was raped and left for dead at this stage. Sammy would care, that was something. Charlie too. He wouldn’t go down without a fight. That survival instinct still ran through him. If he was going down, he was going down swinging.
Cas was less open about his past, tied by a strict code not to let outsiders in on any Russian mafia business. That didn’t stop Dean from asking questions, sometimes Cas would answer, sometimes he wouldn’t. Dean respected that. Well, he respected that eventually. There was one occasion he pushed too hard and Cas shoved him into wall, wrapped a hand around Dean’s throat and demanded he show him some respect.
Cas interrupts Dean and a cheerleader.
“If you’re offering.” Dean shrugs with a slight smirk. It was on the light side. He didn’t make Gabriel pay for two of the drinks. He’s a generous man when he wants to be. Dean also knows this guy is one of the most important, if not the most important person in Cas’ life. If he wants to get to know Cas better, chances are this guy is the way in.
Cas started typing a response. “Hey, hey wait up, what are you typing?"
A face inside a diner on his walk to the local art store on a Saturday afternoon stopped him in his tracks. Cas wore his hood, only looking up because someone had almost run into him, too busy on their phone not paying attention. Some sharp remark was on his tongue when he saw those pretty green eyes staring at him.
When Dean pressed in Cas forced his hands to grip the bedsheets even though they sorely wanted to grip onto Dean’s shoulder because he needed to ground himself to something if he was going to be able to survive this. He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t do much except fist the sheets and hold on.
Entertaining an audience with something sweet, funny, exciting, or hot is certainly amazing, but knowing that - on some small scale - I've actually made an impact on people beyond some fleeting entertainment, now that's the ultimate crowning glory. I am just so immensely grateful for it, and pretty damn proud. I've been writing fic for decades now, but I never got such a massive response before. (I'm close to 1000 comments now, JFC!)
He needed a drink.
I saw this fic was bookmarked by someone with a familiar username, someone who used to hang out at our discord server but left a while ago.
He had not taken a sudden leap of faith when Jack had offered to bring him back, and a part of Cas wished he had, that he
“Damn. You blew my cover,” Sam replied with a chuckle, and Alejandro gave him a mischievous wink.
“Oh, hi, didn’t hear you coming,” he said, as they closed the thing just enough for one person to still fit through.
Cas did not understand, but just another moment later that changed and Cas’ eyes went wide when Dean’s right hand drifted over his own chest, further down and, at last, wrapped around his cock.
“You mentioned angels. What are they like?” There was the hint of a dreamy look on Alejandro’s features now, and even though Dean had no idea what that meant exactly, he could hazard a guess. Alejandro wouldn’t be the first or last person who had heard romanticized stories about angels, particularly in their childhood.Especially in a predominantly Catholic country like Mexico, it was likely that he, too, had been told by a parent or close relative that angels were watching over him.
He got there very early in the morning to get on a boat that would take them to some of the outer reefs. The whole boat ride took roughly two hours, which gave his instructor enough time to explain the basics to Dean. He wouldn’t have admitted it, but he actually was a little nervous when he finally jumped into the water and had to breathe through the regulator in his mouth. But the sea was calm and the boat steady, so it gave him enough time to get accustomed to using the equipment and then, after a few final checks, finally descend into the ocean.
Dean laughed softly, swallowing his bite and washing it down with another swig of beer. “Don’t think I do. I mean, you said
it would become to return, but whenever he tried to put a finger on it, the thought seemed simply ridiculous and irrational.
“Oh yeah? So when you stuffed your entire face with Kaia and Claire’s chocolate cake the other day, you were just faking it?”
This time, there was a soft warmth around him, something soothing and welcoming. There was a golden light that he sensed rather than saw because he had not yet opened his eyes. Something he did now without hesitation or trepidation.
There was nothing else to it, Dean thought as he finally took his first bite. Figuring it out… he had to do just that.
Or another.
“Oh.” It was all Sam said, his brows shooting up only for a split-second this time, no big surprise or shock visible on his face.
Things were a lot different with Alejandro, though. Easier, less complicated, even despite everything still being relatively new.
“I’m not gonna ask how you know that,” Eileen replied dryly as she put the other, slightly more expensive brand in her basket, and Dean let out a short laugh at that.
“Are my friends behaving?”
Dean sent Claire the ‘laughing tears’ emoji, while he still chuckled and, to his surprise, found he couldn’t get the song out of his mind.
Dean gave a small, throaty chuckle. “At least it’s not Fifty Shades.”
Alejandro groaned out, pressed his eyes shut for a moment, and breathed in deeply. His legs both came up a bit higher, calves against the sides of Dean’s hips, and damn, it cost him so much resolve to just remain in this position and not move, because even with being just one or two inches in, it already felt so damned good.
“I was joking,” Alejandro replied and then sat down on the second beach chair where Sam had left his towel, still folded. “Where’s your brother?”
The first one he opened was from Claire, who’d sent him a selfie of herself with Miracle snuggled up in her arms, and, surprisingly, it made him smile a little. Dean just sent back a smiley with sunglasses because he didn’t know what else to write other than being honest and saying, ‘I miss you guys.’ He didn’t want to remind himself of it, didn’t want to acknowledge that he felt low and lost and unsure what to do.
,” he emphasized each word, nodding and giving Dean a warm, encouraging smile, “fine that sometimes, something’s going to bother you, especially if it’s something as big as what you told me last night. You can talk about it to me if you want to, and you will not
So my beta has been rather busy with GISH this past week, but she still managed to read the chapter before an entire week is over, so yay for that.
Now that gave Dean some pause, and he also could not shake the very subtle bitterness he thought to have heard in Allan’s tone. “How come? Beautiful place like this…”
“Nice,” Dean said, and cleared his throat before taking another swig of beer.
When Alejandro came out of the bathroom he was dressed in a pair of swim trunks that he’d probably hung over the shower to dry. He went to the kitchenette and poured them both a glass of water and some tequila. He set the water down on the nightstand and handed Dean the hard liquor, bringing their glasses together.
, my loyal beta-reader, thank
“You’re not what now?” Dean barely managed to get the slightly too brown fried eggs to slide onto two plates as Sam let out a soft chuckle.
“Yeah. It’s still pretty close,” Sam said and gave Dean a small encouraging smile. Then, however, he inhaled a little more deeply before he continued, “The place she found is great, too. It’s a small house not far from the learning center, but an actual house that we could afford. It needs some renovations before we could move in, though, so she wants me to have a look before she signs.”
she replied with a shocked and then a winking emoji.
Having finished his breakfast, he headed for the beach and sent Sam a text to find him there. The beach bar was boarded up when he got there, nobody else in sight, but the sun shades were open and the beach chairs there, so Dean claimed one close to one of the palm trees and laid down in the shade, watching the waves. They were getting a little bigger this time, white, foamy peaks forming not just where the water hit the sand but two, three rows of waves back - and wasn’t that all nice? Peaceful and pleasant and everything he could have dreamed of whenever he had thought of a trip to a beach.
Dean got up from the chair and headed towards the room, grinning back at his brother. “Only if you let me take a photo of you because you’re gonna look like a complete dork.”
Dean let out a soft laugh at that as he put some barbecue sauce into his shopping basket, looking for some mustard next.
And now I'll shut up and let you read the epilogue. Btw, some of you also changed my mind on what to include in it (probably unknowingly, but some of your comments influenced my decision here, so thanks for that!!)
Dean barely knew how to breathe after that, relief only there in the back of his mind and instantly drowned out by anticipation and arousal. “That’s… that’s good,” he only got out before he leaned up for another kiss.
Thank you.
Alejandro shrugged and seemed to ponder this for a moment. Then, a crooked smirk formed on his lips, and his brows went up. “Have you ever watched
fine for me.”
“I’m saying that nothing is-- nothing you feel or do or discover is gonna change a single thing about how I see you.” His tone was soft now - still insistent, pleading even, but gentle, and Dean could feel Sam’s eyes on him, could see from the corner of his own that his brother had turned around slightly to look at him.
“God, you’re something,” Alejandro breathed out a laugh as he let his face rest against the side of Dean’s. And yeah, that was something he’d never done before. He’d tasted himself on a woman’s lips, but, obviously, never another guy’s come.
Outside the hunting world, however, Dean had never
Alejandro shrugged faintly but put the money back onto the pile he’d lock into his safe. “I guess it is, most nights. I wouldn’t be doing it if that wasn’t the case, but still. Work is work.”
“So now that all that’s over, you want out,” Jesse more concluded than asked when Dean gave a more detailed account of everything that had gone down with Chuck. All of this had come as a surprise to them since they, like everyone else who hadn’t had inside knowledge, couldn’t remember having been zapped out of existence.
One more chapter to go and then an epilogue :-)
’ where one of the three little sea creatures said ‘
pleasant. When before, as he had still had his grace, Cas had simply felt emotion as an awareness in his soul, there were now all these small physical sensations, and he still had to learn how to discern them, what to make of them, and how to appreciate them instead of being confused by them.
most of the time,” Dean teased.
“At least someone’s in a good mood,” he heard from the direction of the entrance, blinked the sleep from his eyes, and then saw Sam standing there, dressed in long shorts and a loose-cut t-shirt.
“Ah,” Dean said, brows going up a bit as he automatically imagined himself in an Old West scenario, with dirty boots, a cowboy hat, and a revolver on each side of his holster. He could get behind that. Dean slid a little closer, his shoulder bumping into Cas’. “Interesting. Does he have the same, irresistible charisma that I have?”
Dean knew she was right, of course, though he rarely liked to admit that. It was stupid, really, but he felt like… almost like someone was going to judge him for liking something
In this chapter, I finally got to explore something that is an integral part of Dean's personality and past (and it's not going to be the last of it, either). I'm curious what you think about how I approached the topic.
Dean has to move on now, though. He has to find his way back to himself... and other things need to happen as well, at some point ;-)
If Dean wasn’t as into men as he thought up until this point, now would have been the moment to recoil, but that never came. Instead, Dean’s hand reached out, almost on its own accord, as he first gently, then with a stronger grasp laid it on the firm bulge.
“And I should take a shower. But you go first.”
It only went on for a few more minutes. Dean could feel Alejandro squeezing him more tightly and tightly, hear the hitched breaths and see every sign of pleasure on his features. The familiar feeling of something like electricity pooled in the pit of Dean’s stomach and shot through his thighs in rising waves until, with a deep, hoarse groan, he thrust in a final time, hard, and came.
“Yeah, that sounds good,” he said and saw Alejandro nod and then head back towards the door. “I’ll tell Maria to play something more cheerful, okay?”
This time, Dean finally turned around, looking at Sam in surprise. “How would you know?”
“Howdy,” Dean said cheerfully, completely oblivious to Sam’s terror.
Sam snorted. “I’m sure it’s got friends. I definitely have to keep the doors closed while I’ve still got the light on tonight. I mean… we,” he quickly amended. “Whatever your plans are.”
And, yeah, he was trying to weasel that out of him after all. Just that Dean had no idea what his plans were yet.
“That was… something,” Alejandro said around a small grin, which Dean returned readily, one eyebrow going upwards as he shrugged. He really enjoyed hearing that.
Thanks for all your lovely comments so far! And thanks to my beta reader for the great and rather swift work!!
So, another chapter, and thanks to my 'weekend' beta-reader (as I have two now), today already instead of Saturday.
For a moment, just for a very, very short moment, Dean allowed himself to think what it would have been like to be here. With Cas. But that short moment already was too much, the pain in his middle too sharp, too heavy to handle. So he tried to not think of anything at all, to just hear the sounds of the water, smell the air, feel the softly rocking movements of the waves as they carried him.
“Yes,” Sam quickly cut him off, and Cas finally caught the hint. He must have seen Sam turning as bright red as a tomato. Which he was sure he was.
Cas wanted to offer him he could, but he decided against it. It was of no importance. If Dean wanted to share something, he always could. They had time for that, too.
“You should have told me,” Dean continued at last, his tone gentler again, and he finally looked back at Cas. “You should’ve told me, and not just when you thought it was your last moment on earth. You should’ve told me because…” He gave a barely suppressed, frustrated groan. “Hell, Cas, I never thought you felt that way. I always thought it was just this... this bond, like some kind of blood brothers. And when you showed
“Okay, fine,” he started, pondering where to begin and how to make the epic long-ass tale of the Winchesters at least somewhat shorter. “Hm, did you ever watch Lost? The TV show?”
He went for apple. Cas looks like a guy who didn’t have much of a super sweet tooth, probably preferred not to mess with classics, like Dean. Cherry was his first choice (obviously) but his gut told him apple. It was coming up to the afternoon and he had heard nothing from Cas’ flat. How long did that guy sleep in for? Dean was not standing by his door for the guts of an hour waiting, nope. He gave up when he had to eventually take a piss.
Cas stopped him before he pulled out his cock. “Get off me.”
Dean put his game of solitaire away. He wasn’t paying much attention to his surroundings and as he stood up, he knocked into another body by accident. He turned to see the person with the apology about ready to leave his mouth when he noticed it was Gordon. Something told Dean that bumping into him wasn’t an accident considering Gordon rarely walked on this side of the block, usually keeping to his own side.
“Someone being on their best behaviour?” Charlie asked nudging Dean with his shoulder.
“Brave, not stupid.” His voice sounded less threatening. Dean turned his head, tried to get a look at the Russian behind him. He couldn’t see enough of him to assess what he was like and Dean had a worrying feeling burrowing its way inside of him that wouldn’t be resolved till he could look at the Russian.
Though, that was about to change while grabbing his post downstairs after a shift at Bobby’s.
Cas enjoyed the quiet of back of the library. It seemed others enjoyed it for the privacy. The bookshelf in front of him rattled, quickly followed by high-pitched giggles and a deep voice telling the girl to hush. He recognised the voice.
Dean sat up on his elbows, pushing his glasses back up his nose to glare at the back of Cas’ hair. “Fuck you man.”
And he was, better than.
Well, that sucked.
“Gabriel.” Castiel replies flicking over the page on his book as if he read it.
And sure, sometimes Dean did want more and sometimes Cas would piss him off so much he didnt want to see that smug Russian face for a month. This was their love and Dean wouldn't have it any other way because the night that he fell was the night that Dean finally accepted who he was and he's been alright about everything else ever since.
Enjoy x
“Cas.” he breathed. A breath he couldn’t get for what felt like an age. He reached for him, taking his wrist and putting his hand under his shirt, where it needed to be. He needed to be cleansed. Cas could do that.
He licked his lips once before licking a strip up Cas’ length in front of him, licked all the way up till he reached Cas’ head and wrapped his plush lips around it. The Russian’s stomach contracted, a mutter of Russian left his mouth, not that Dean knew what he was saying, he just knew it meant Cas was breaking and he chased for more Russian swears as he took more of Cas in his mouth.
“What was the beer again?”
As if Dean would ever be put off by getting his mouth on Cas’ dick again.
This got super angsty like holy cow. I don't know what the hell happened, clearly I was in an angsty mood and produced this. I mean just be warned we go from fluff, to anger, to angst in a four thousand words.
“It means you get bored easily.” Sam explained.
“You want to talk about Dean?” she asks. He nods.
“It seems you don’t understand how punishment works,” Cas told him, grip tightening. “You don’t get what you want, you get what
He’s not used to it. His cheeks are wet. The softness is too much for him.
“Yes,” Cas exhaled. “Very good.”
The video popped up bigger. The screen from Cas’ laptop shedding light onto Dean’s grey tight boxers that he’d been wearing that day, dick tucked in nicely and slightly pronounced. He was sporting a semi. Dean watched as his hips raised up a bit and it made him gulp audibly, then Cas’ hand came into view, moving over Dean’s thigh with confidence.
Add Angel Grace into the mix and everyone on it was going to go off the handle big time. That stuff made you feel invincible, like nothing could touch you and the way it interacted with your system gave you some serious strength while it lasted. A bunch of inmates high on Angel Grace could potentially turn Purgatory into a blood bath. Sam was right, they needed to be prepared if this was going down. He needed to know what the Russian was up to if they had a chance of surviving it.
“Shit.”
Right, the viewers, more views, more money. The heating. That was why they were doing this. He thought about other amateur videos he watched, realising he tended to like porn better when he felt the people in it were enjoying themselves. Currently Dean had been trying not to show he was enjoying it, more or less lying down like a zombie while Cas did all the work. He could change that, not that it would be hard to show he was enjoying himself. If anything, it was getting harder not to show it.
The last left a sour taste in his mouth. “And you’re a freakin’ prag?”
Cas lifted the side of his mouth in a quiet smile, eyes slightly darkening as the message made its way into his mind. He put his noodles down. Dean followed, even leaving his beer on the table now that Cas appeared to be on the same page as him. He watched as Cas removed the editing software and just loaded up the video on its own without any distractions on the sides or on the picture, just Dean and Cas front and center stage.
“Funnily enough, Cas, or Professor Novak, whatever you call him showed up wanting to apologies for being such a dick to me. I told you about that right?” Sam and Jess both shake their heads. “He called me an inconsiderate asshole AND insufferable in the space of two minutes, this was after I got him an apology pie for playing the music too loud that night you were over.”
He responded almost immediately, brain going a little dizzy as Dean kissed him with such desire he wasn't sure how he'd make it through the rest of the day. Similar to New Orleans there were shouts and cheers from onlookers. They broke away from each other to turn their heads to see Jo and Ash standing there with wide smiles and Meg with a sly knowing look. Dean didn't make an attempt to move away so Cas stayed put, trying to capture this moment like a photograph.
“Cas.” He pleas. Cas doesn’t reply, shakes his head making Dean frustrated, more frustrated than he already is when he’s around his neighbor. He knows how to press Dean’s buttons.
“Ten bucks says I know where we’re going.” He nudged Cas with his elbow.
Dean moved his head, pressed his lips to Cas’ palm.
“Allegedly.” Bobby pointed out. They all rolled their eyes at that. Allegedly meant yes. There were cameras in the dining room. People would have seen that. Shurley would have seen that. Cas must have some sway up in Purgatory to only get essentially a slap on the wrist of two years in Hell for something as rough as that. Then again, the way Uriel was treated was similar, he got away with so much. The guards were as scared of him as the rest of them were.
Right yeah. The viewers.
“The diner is fine Dean.” he assures him. Dean doesn’t seem convinced. “I promise.”
Dean’s legs started to give way, crumbling underneath him he couldn’t stay up right. His hand tried to reach for the bunk to steady himself, his perception was off, and he missed it, falling to the ground on his knees hard.
“Are you familiar with the concept of knocking?”
The Russian nodded and left, heading back to the kitchen before he got wrote up for being somewhere, he wasn’t supposed to be. Dean ran his hands through his hair, trying to shake himself back to reality. He hadn’t had a panic attack like that in years. Benny must have gotten Cas for him while he was in the midst of it. He’d have to thank him for it, maybe give him some his commissary to call his wife Andrea who was back in Louisiana. He’d have to thank Cas too, somehow.
Benny leaned in too. “It was like it was one big card trick, while everyone is busy looking at one thing happening over here,” he lifted his hand, waving it in Dean’s face. “Something bigger is happening over here.” He jabbed Dean in the rib, sending him onto his ass in a thud. His friend chuckled at him. Dean got himself back up onto his hunches, brushed the rubble off his backside, debating whether to throw some concrete onto Benny for that.
“Hello Dean.”
“I do now, alright? So, can I take the break or not?”
Sam had pushed Gabriel back further away. Gabriel was shouting in Russian at Cas and trying to claw his way out of Sam’s grip though it was useless. Sam had him locked down.
He thought she’d want a relatively PG kiss goodbye. He was wrong. Lisa pressed her chest against his and snaked a hand under his coat to get him closer. When he deepened the kiss, her breath hitched. She told him next time she’d drop Ben off to her parents so Dean could come inside. Dean wasn’t opposed to that idea. He needed to clean his brain of Cas and she’d do the job just fine. The last few months all he’d been able to think about was a 6ft man, she was far from that image.
Sam ushered him towards the door, clearly understanding what was happening and that Dean needed to get out of here before he changed his mind. “We’ll be fine Dean now go, and you know, whatever.” He waved his hand aimlessly in Dean’s direction.
“Do I really have to spell this one out for you professor?” Dean’s eyebrows dance suggestively. He never consciously created those kinds of fantasies till Dean started calling him professor in that deep husked voice of his. The temptation is there, Castiel can’t deny that but he’s at work, and needs to remain professional if he has any chance of getting through the rest of his day.
He did, riding Cas with a fever he could only explain as an animal in heat. Sweat dripped down his body as he fucked himself back on Cas, driving his cock deeper and deeper inside of him, never wanting it fully out, only want Cas filling him up. Cas’ brutal grip on his ass cheeks were going to leave bruises on him for days, same for the hickey’s blossoming on his neck to replace the faded ones. He loved it, to have Cas’ mark on him, staking his claim that Dean was his and no one else’s. Loved everything about it.
He moved in closer, bringing his face closer to the Russian’s.
“Let’s hope they don’t kill us for this.” Dean mustered up some courage, bravery, stupidity, whatever he needed to stop this and dove towards the weak link. He swooped past the guard without much backlash.
“Uriel aint as high up as Cas in the Russian food chain.” Dean said casually. He inhaled his cigarette.
“Dean!” It was his brother.
Cas smirked enjoying the show.
He may or not have called his brother a dick under his breath. With a quick check of his watch he realised he was going to be late, shocker. He dashed to his car, hoping the short drive there would get rid of this niggling feeling of being a bad Dad.
In the morning Dean skipped out on breakfast for another hour in a bed that felt like a freaking cloud in comparison to the one in the Empty. Cas had left him in his bed, they had slept like that, entangled in one another and they didn’t move till the guard came for Cas in the morning. Dean was too tired to care, too drained to really comprehend what that meant, and Cas didn’t kick him out, so he felt it was ok with the Russian he stayed.
There’s a banging on the door. Dean gives Benny his beer to hold while he goes to answer it. Must be the pizza he ordered, who else would be looking for him? He swings the door open.
The more he worked, the harder it was for the fantasy to stay in Dean’s mind. Every tug or twist of Cas’ hand was pulling Dean back to Cas’ bedroom, back to lying on his bed with Cas giving him a freakin’ awesome hand job. God, were hand jobs always this good? He only had one a week ago, but this…this was different. He didn’t even need to tell Cas what to do, how he liked it because Cas was doing everything Dean liked. The right amount of pressure and tentativeness, building up fast then slowing down teasing him…the camera, teasing the viewers.
“Just getting in the other side Cas, not going anywhere.” He assures him.
“You sure about this Dean?”
Gordon laughed, the other member holding Dean’s arms down joined in too. He saw Gordon drop the shiv, leaving it beside Dean’s waist. His hands moved over Dean’s chest. He hated the feel of it. Those hands didn’t belong on his body.
“Yes, Gabriel makes me try everything.” He smiles remembering the awful combinations Gabriel tried to make when it came to pie and how he wanted Castiel to try each one much to Castiel’s demise. Gabriel went through a phase of trying to get marshmallow and apple to work. It took ten pies before he gave up. Cas had to try everyone.
Sweet as Heaven is busy on Sundays. Its busy most days. They stay open till they run out of produce to sell, depending on how quick that happens Gabriel might throw together some more pies in the afternoon. Gabriel breathes this place. He even lives above it. The early hours of a baker he put it down to but Castiel knows that Gabriel just feels most at home here than anywhere else.
At the playground Dean’s phone buzzed with the tutorial for the braiding. It was pretty quiet for a Tuesday, so Dean was sitting on one of the swings to keep an eye on Charlie as she tried her luck on the monkey bars. They were at a slant, so Dean told her to where she had to hop off of to not get too high. If she had it her way, she’d climb to the tallest one, then crack her ankle on the jump down.
The phone.
“I said shut your god damn mouth.”
“Shut your cakehole Sam, you don’t even know the guy.” Dean snaps. He says it like he knows Cas any better, which he doesn’t, not really. He’d like to though. Sam pulls a face at Jess. A knowing face, whatever he knows it’ll have to wait as another car rolls up with a flat tire and an old lady behind the wheel. Dean has work to do.
Dean didn’t have a work detail on Saturday giving him more free time than he usually had. He hated the weekends, hated free time. It wasn’t like he could do anything with it, not anything useful anyway unlike when he had free time when he was a free man. When he got to take road trips, shoot some pool with Sam, get wasted, sleep with something that had a pretty smile and watch the sun come up in his car.
He couldn’t cope with that. His mind flooded with images of what he wanted to do, wanted to shove Cas on the bed, let Cas put his mouth on him, his hands, anything. He wanted anything and everything the Russian would give him, so damn gone on his touch. He wanted to be loud, so loud that the whole block would hear how hard he’d come for Cas. He wanted to be brave, not give a fuck they’d they hear him crumbling and falling apart in his cell over and over again till the sun came up if Cas would let him.
“Castiel.” Wow, what a name. Before Dean says anything else the guy is in his flat with the door closed behind him. What an asshole. A stupidly attractive asshole but an asshole non the less. Dean sighs, eventually finds his keys and makes it to the Roadhouse just on time for rush hour.
“I mean he said he understood. He speaks pretty good English.” Dead answered.
The new guy, Russian, had to be if he was sitting at the table and also the tattoos were a giveaway. Too distant for Dean to see them clearly though which was a shame, Dean had a curiosity about the Russian gang tattoos. He never got himself close enough except maybe in the showers to get a decent look at them and he had to extra careful where his eyes landed in there for obvious reasons.
Tell me,” Cas looked up at him, blue eyes blown. “How long have you wanted this?”
The two of them quickly looked down, realising they had put on each other’s tops by accident. Dean’ in Cas’ plain navy t-shirt and Cas in Dean’s worn out rock band top. Cas was about to remove it when Dean stopped him.
Cas says yes.
A logical conclusion.  He hadn’t anticipated his reaction to touching Dean to be as intense as it was. Cas cherished their friendship. Not blind to the way his best friend looked but equally blind to its appeal till he had his hand on his cock. It caused him to see his friend in a whole new light. A dimmed laptop screen light to be exact. The arousal he got watching Dean fall apart from his hands had yet to be matched with anyone else since the second time it happened.
There was no light for him in here except for that window about as big as a shoe box. He had a bed, a flimsy mattress covered in mold spores, no covers and a toilet, no sink. The guards let him shower sometimes. Usually when the smell of him seeped through the cracks in the door they’d bring him out, shove him under the shower head and turn it on. With the drop-in temperature Dean welcomed the scorching heat of the water, savoured it as much as he could before he was thrown back into the cold.
The AB guys dropped Dean’s arms on command. Alastair put his hands up like he’d just been caught by the guards and not another inmate. His whole stature went from threatening to afraid in seconds. When Alastair moved, he saw Cas standing in the middle of the shower room, hands crossed over his chest. Those eyes staring at Alastair with such grit and anger Dean’s surprised the Nazi didn’t shit himself. They left without saying a single word.
Cas couldn’t control it, shaking one away only brought back two more.
“For you to fuck me into the middle of next week,” Cas answered honestly. He smiled when he saw Dean grip the sheets harder. “I’ll take what I can get for now though, so if you don’t mind, I’d like to choke myself on this glorious dick of yours.”
Dean needed to take it slow, slower now that he knew a bit more about Cas. That Cas had a hard time letting people in after what those assholes did in that hellhole he was in, whatever it was. The story left him with questions, what was the hell he was in, what did they do to him, really do to him in there for all those years. He wanted to ask, tried asking at the diner till their food came then he remembered it’s Cas’ first date, ever, he didn’t want to bring the mood down too much. Cas deserved a great first date. He could wait, wait as long as he could till Cas was ready, for anything and everything.
“Shurley paid me a personal visit, basically told me to keep my mouth shut or else.”
He lay back, nestling into his pillow and lifted one of his knees up to plant it on the bed. In the corner of his eye he could just about make out Dean looking over his shoulder then moving it back, shaking it with vigor and standing up to undo his jeans. Cas turned slightly, letting himself see Dean push his jeans and boxers down in one go and Cas bit back a moan as he slid in the first finger. The combination of sight and touch had his cock hardening on his stomach.
“Feels good huh?” Dean asked, he pressed his thumbs harder into the muscle. Another sigh, this time more audible. Cas put the notebook down, let it rest on his chest still on his marked page as he stared at Dean.
Dean scoffed. “Newsflash Meg, I’m not one for bumping uglies.”
“You’re so hot,” He found himself saying for some reason. Words that weren’t his, but Dean used them often on him. It earned him a whine from Dean, and he smiled, finding the encouragement to add more words to this moment. “Look at you, taking my cock so well, fuck you’re so tight.”
“Show me what you really got.” he said into the Russian’s hair.
When he finishes his burrito, he stands.
“Have you ever given one?” Cas asked.
His body rushes with more heat than his run gave him from the comment. Dean runs his hands over Cas’ bare chest, his head rests on Cas’ shoulder, watching as Cas’ cock starts to harden with his light touches.
“That’s what I said, didn’t I?” Dean snapped. He caught his Dad’s glare at his disrespectful tone. “Sorry sir, just I don’t know the guy that well, he’s private, likes to keep to himself.”
“That’s coming out of your wages Kev!” Gabriel tells him. Kevin shrugs and slides the tray over to Castiel to eat. He likes Kevin. He has his book, cup of coffee, his cookies, and is hiding from all things Dean. That doesn’t seem to stop him thinking about how he his neighbor happens to be equal parts immature, beautiful, charming and insufferable.
“Yeah,” Dean shook his head, recomposing himself. “I’m good, promise.” He dropped the stack of food onto the coffee table, spreading it out to give Cas what was his and Dean what was his.
“Quick,” Cas pulled the girls off of him. “To Moondor!”
Dean needs to get rid of the stress of an impending exam.
The information took a moment to sink in. Dean wasn’t going to lie. It was
“We don’t have to do this if you don’t want…”
Balthazar eyed him coming over, smoke between his lips, one leg crossed over the other. After Cas, Balthazar was next in the ranking. His second in command, right hand man, whatever way you wanted to call it. This man was less stoic than his boss, he smiled more and was a bit more approachable, emphasis on a bit. Dean still had to thread carefully.
“Dean, if you don’t fucking move I swear…”
“Dean don’t do it,” His brother pressed him against the wall. He wanted to rip the Folk Nation’s throat out with his bare hands, wanted to break every bone in that hand of his that touched Dean. “Let it go.”
Cas looks at the drinks like they’ve personally offended him for even existing.
When he heard the lock sliding into place and the guard disappearing from the view. Dean took Cas’ attention off of the book and onto him by getting into the bed, sitting on the back of his knees between Cas’ legs. Cas’ cold blues peered over the book. He didn’t move though, didn’t put the book down. Dean pouted jokingly.
“Don’t sound too shocked.” Dean walked back to grab Charlie’s bag pack off the table. He handed it to his brother and crossed his arms slightly in a defence stance.
“Is he ever happy? He constantly looks pissed off whenever I see him around campus.”
His words sounded distant though as Dean’s mind flung him back to not even two hours ago. To Gordon holding him down, to the crazed grin on his face and his hands touching him, marking him up, about to do his worst. Dean shook his head, trying to push the images away. He felt exposed and raw.
“Good,” Dean replied without skipping a beat. “Really fucking good.”
My lion.
“You’re like a koala bear.” Dean notes.
Castiel reaches for his arm, grips it tight. He doesn’t want to be left alone in the cold.
“Right? I mean no one told me it would be
“It means I am not afraid of authority.” Cas explained. He felt this was privy information Cas was giving him. That not many other Russians would hand that knowledge over as easily. Explained why he showed it to Zachariah during count. A reminder that he did not fear the prison guards. A reminder of what he did to one of their own 2 years ago. Allegedly.
“I don’t see why not,” Cas replied. “I like kissing you.”
As payment Gabriel gives Castiel a box of broken assorted cookies. He doesn’t mind, they still taste delicious just not as appealing for customers. The rest of his afternoon and evening is spent ironing his shirts for the week, re-arranging his presentation to the new cohort of students and planning out his week’s assignments for his seminar groups.
The Russians were out during yard-time. Cas sitting in the middle of their table acting like nothing had happened when the whole Purgatory knew they missed count. Nothing was secret in there.
That caught Cas’ attention. He looked at his friend who was sipping his beer trying to act like that was the most normal question to have asked him. He stayed staring, trying to assess what Dean was possibly getting at.
He had spent the last fifteen minutes under the car, trying to figure out where the rattling noise was coming from that the customer was so insistent on hearing. He had tightened nearly everything he could think of hoping that would satisfy them. Dean rolled out from under the car.
“I wanna dance!” The girl pulled at Dean’s jaw to bring his attention to her. Her hands on him left a sour taste in Cas’ mouth he couldn’t blame on the sugar filled drink in his hand.
Dean drops his head to Cas, letting their foreheads touch. “Angel it is.”
Sam stepped in, suited and booted straight from work. Not even the corporate world could get that brother of his to cut his hair. “Charlie’s getting her shoes on upstairs.”
“Yeah, I guess I could pawn her off for a few hours.” he ran his finger over the rim of the mug. It wasn’t a bad idea really. Sam and Amelia loved Charlie. He hadn’t been on a date, a real date in years. Four to be exact.
“Don’t you dare you – no, no!” Dean watched Cas smash the ball above his head, the soft snow almost floated down over his face.
“Dean,” a hand touched his shoulder. He recoiled from it, moving away like a scared cat till he noticed the skull in his view. Cas’ hand. He blinked back the water in his eyes to see the Russian on his knees in front of Dean. Blue eyes full of worry and concern, hands out in front of him but not touching without permission. “It’s me, Dean. I’m here.”
“You think too hard sometimes Sammy, it’s not good for that brain of yours.”
“I’m as surprised as you are, trust me.” Zachariah stepped into Dean’s space. “Though, the place has had a bit of a make-over since you’ve last seen it. I’m sure your brother will fill you in on everything, if he’s not too busy on his knees with a mouth full of Russian that is.”
His friend smiled quietly. Cas’ praise spurred his friend on. “Okay, what next?”
The guards were holding back the crowd from getting any further into the dining room.
“I don’t have parents.”
His brain had been mostly kicked back into place by the time he grabbed his blue winter coat from this clothes trunk under the bed and grey wooly hat. A once over of himself in the mirror and he almost looked human again. Two deep breathes and he stepped out of his cell, headed downstairs to join the crowd heading out into the yard.
Cas had sent him the address of his office building. He worked in the corporate side of town near his brother’s place. The buildings were new and flashy, mirrored glass sides and everyone wore suits and ties. Dean felt out of place in his casual clothes and no doubt he had some oil or grease on him somewhere. He kept well away from this side of town and with reason. The looks he was getting as he waited outside for Cas to show up was enough to send him in a bad mood.
“Probably.” Cas smiled. Dean loved when he made Cas smile, felt like winning the jackpot every time the sides of lips lifted because of something Dean had said or did. He really had to go but he had one more thing he wanted to do before he got to his car and had to put his Dad brain back online.
Shurley nodded to the guard who pushed Dean towards the direction of the exit door. He opened it. The sun hit his face like a blinding light, the fresh air filled his lungs and the sound of the other prisoners weren’t far off in the distance.
“Does that mean you’re going to fall asleep half way through?” Castiel replies. Dean shakes his head. He flicks through the pages, landing on a story about Gabriel. Cas turns him into the Norse God Loki, a cunning trickster who gets the last laughs on his foes who have wronged him. Its light-hearted enough for a story to tell Dean. He settles himself into the couch and begins.
“I couldn’t.” Dean put his coffee mug down, taking his eyes off of Cas for a second, maybe two. In that time Cas had moved like a cat, swift and quiet to get to the other side of the couch were Dean was sitting, crowding into this space.
“Cas! Buddy! We’re porn stars!” Dean called out.
He began to move away from the comfort of Cas when his friend pulled him closer.
They were ambivalent about arriving back to their apartment after their summer together. Cas noted that Dean kept the speed limit the entire ride back, something he rarely did on open roads. He didn’t hum along to the music or tap his fingers on the steering wheel. A couple of signs that Dean was reluctant to return.
He turns on his washing machine content with his victory and ability to surprise Dean as much as Dean can surprise him. Dean is still reeling in what happened though Castiel assumes Dean might be milking it, it wasn’t that bad. To ease the slight guilt that was manifesting itself in Castiel for his minor assault he hands Dean back his phone, unlocked, ready for a phone number to be typed into it.
“I think there is a piece of glass in your wound, see?” he brings Dean’s hand to Dean, shows him with his index finger where the piece of glass is wedged in. The cut runs from the bottom of his thumb to the beginning of his wrist. It’s not too deep, just going to be a bitch to heal. Dean nods. When he does that, he can feel Cas’ hair against his forehead they’re that close. He pulls back, he’s already in enough physical pain, no need to add to the emotional one he is still dealing with.
“Dean.” There was a hand on his shoulder, a body in his view sitting on the ground in front of him. One he’d dream out countless times. He could make out the stars on a chest, the top of the cross in the center. He couldn’t bring himself to look any higher. His dreams wouldn’t let him see Cas’ face, wouldn’t let him see those eyes he missed on him.
Cas didn't come back till they got locked in the for the night. He stayed close to the other Russians during rec-time away from his cell and Dean knew not to go near them, he didn’t have a death wish. Also, even though he did get his reputation back for fighting with Cas he still felt people were talking about what happened in the showers with Alastair. It was best to keep their interactions private for his own sake.
“That’s what I said man! She saw these,” Dean pulled at his collar to show Cas the bruises on his neck. Cas’ finger hooked into his shirt to pull it down more. “And told me that you needed to hide them better.”
Warning - attempted sexual assault (Not by Cas though)
Poor guy.
thing. He whisked her away pretty sharpish, not really even giving Cas a proper goodbye or wishing him a good weekend. There was some guilt in there, and he’ll probably hate himself a bit for it later but for the time being he was glad to be away from those blue eyes.
“Relax your jaw,” Cas instructed. He moved his hand behind his head to take a hold of Dean’s face, moving his thumb to the point in his jaw by his ear that needed to be unhinged. “Here, relax this part.” He pressed in and Dean slacked it a bit almost immediately. His ability to take commands had Cas merging again with that side of him. “Good, you’re doing so good.” He praised, thumb feeling for his cock inside of Dean’s mouth. The slight stubble under his thumb tickled a bit but it seemed Dean liked it, humming more.
Really appreciating the comments and suggestions for this fic, you are all awesome :)
“Dean…”
There was someone new at their table, someone new sitting in the center of the table more importantly. Uriel, the usual center of the Russian gang nowhere to be seen. This guy was younger, about Dean’s age, hair as dark as the Empty got in the nighttime.
He hung up before he gave the guy a chance to say it back. Dean buried his head in his hands, cursing quietly to himself about how idiotic that was. After a few minutes of horrifying embarrassment, he half debated messaging Cas to apologies. Though he had nothing really to be sorry for. It was Cas who said the whole suggestive slightly dominating comment. Yeah, Dean was fine. It was only as big as Dean let it be so if he was cool then it was cool. He downed the rest of his beer and hit the hay.
Also, Dean with glasses..mhmm...
That peaked Dean’s interest. “Come again?”
“Boss.” One of the AB holding Dean’s arm said. He wasn’t looking at Alastair or Dean. His eyes set on something behind their boss. Alastair turned his head. The Nazi’s body was in the way of Dean for him to be able to see what was happening, what they were looking at.
Full up on carbonara from dinner Charlie was lying on Riot’s belly watching TV with Amelia in the sitting room. It looked like a documentary on pandas. He rounded their enormous sofa to give her a kiss on her head.
He can’t deny Cas anything with that voice, the way his name sounded on Cas’ tongue.
Cas took a grip of Dean’s hair, pulling it back. “Let’s see if you can cum on my fingers.”
When Cas pushed inside Dean inhaled sharply from the pressure, like the wind being knocked out of him, trying to grasp at something that wasn’t coming. He held on tight to the bed frame. Cas noticed it, pulled out, put more lube on his cock and went in again.
“Just the one?” Dean asks smoothly even if it is dossed in tiredness. Castiel can feel his ears pinking, Dean wants more than one. That thought is equal parts exciting and terrifying. He’s never been on a date before. A yawn comes out of Dean which Castiel catches.
His hopes of being calm and collected about this went out the window when Cas joined him outside of their cell for count. Part of him had hoped the Russian forgot Dean had asked, give Dean more time to psych himself out of it. All the reasons he had to not do this were blown out of the water with the simple fact of if he didn’t Gordon was going to gut him and Dean kinda liked being alive.
“Alright, I’m going now, for real this time so keep your damn hands to yourself.” He pointed his finger at Cas, showing he was being serious. Cas huffed but agreed, putting his hands behind his back to dramatically restrain himself. He scoffed, clocking where Claire got her attitude problem from.
“Then take me home.”
He saw Cas read it, or at least attempt to read it. Dean wasn’t too sure how well the Russian could read English now that he thought about it. The books he was used to seeing in Cas’ hands were never in English.
“I’m under no illusion you could take me in a fight Dean. You are stronger than I am and yet if my memory serves me you lay there moaning and writhing on my bed while I swallowed your cum drop by drop. Don’t tell me I made you do anything you didn’t want to happen.”
.” Dean shook his head defiantly.
Castiel takes the money from Sam and wishes him a good day. He glances over to the amount of product left on the shelves and in the display unit. At a rough estimation he has another hour of this before he can retire to his apartment for the rest of the day.
“Why would Rufus think you’re Castiel’s prag?”
“Burritos?”
Castiel can feel the sides of his mouth lift. He opens the door more for Dean to come inside.
They ate in silence while watching the girls run around the garden and tree house pretending to fight off an invasion of aliens who were trying to destroy the castle. It was one the better Saturday’s he had in a while. It was nice spending time with Cas, nice not having to feel the need to fill it with conversation. The girls were entertainment enough for them.
. It felt like a slow burn that Dean was willing to go along with, the innocent Cas that Dean didn’t want to scare away. He was going to play the long game as painful as it was starting to become.
“Cheers.” Sam clinked the neck of his bottle against Deans.
Cas sighed. Dean sniggered sinisterly.
He made a vow to himself when he got back here, he wasn’t going to take anymore unsolicited shit from people. Cas and his blue eyes included.
The pressure burns through Dean's arm shattering at least two of his four knuckles. He ignores the sharp pain shooting up his arm and lunges forward but immediately his actions are subdued as Castiel grabs his wrist and pulls him against his chest. Castiel's arms wrap around Dean in one smooth movement, holding him tightly with his chest pressed smoothly against Dean's back. "Stop." He orders. However, Dean ignores him and continues to struggle and try to tear himself out of Castiel's grip. Castiel almost succeeds in holding Dean, however, the hunter slips from his grip, his arms raising and placing a well-aimed elbow into the side of Castiel face. Stunned, Castiel grabs blindly to try and tame the hunter but again his agile movements are far too slow, only succeeding in letting the hunter escape.
Dean tries to stop it, to force it back in but it's not listening and he can't hear anything but screaming. He trips over his own feet as he tries to run towards Castiel. The angel is using both hands to keep the grace from collapsing on him and Dean's sure he's calling out for him but Dean can't tell whether his response is a whisper or a scream over the top of the constant shrieking.
"I-You-What- Why?" Dean feels his face heat up and shakes his head sharply at this brother. "Well, Bobby said your dreams could tell us what sin is going to happen next, so..." Sam replies awkwardly and gestures deliberately to the notepad in his hand. Dean shakes his head even harder. "No way, that is not happening." He holds his hands up to stop his brother and walks around him, heading for downstairs so this whole conversation can disappear but Sam doesn't take no for an answer. "Okay, fine," He crosses his arms over his chest. "Either you tell me now and save yourself at least some embarrassment or you run away and I can get Cas to read your mind and he'll tell me."
"Okay dude, pick a case." Dean shuts the screen of Sam's laptop and throws down today's newspaper. He's going to freak out if he doesn't leave Bobby's house, he'll take anything, vampires, werewolves, freaking leprechaun's if they're feeling up to it; anything just to get out of Bobby's house for a couple of hours.
"You don't help my kind? The supernatural? Then how did he escape Dean? Why do you make deals with demons? Why do you keep that angel of yours around?" The wolf growls his eyes flashing with anger and he steps forwards. Dean readies himself for a fight but the wolf sighs, lowering his defensive stance. Dean can't help but feel shame pool at the pit of his stomach. Does everyone know about him and Cas?
. "You top or bottom?"
The woman answers Sams question.
In one practised move he pulls the flask of holy oil out of his pocket, flipping the lid back and throwing it forwards. His hand reaches out, his grace curving the direction of the flask. The flask spins in a circle around Uriel's feet, the liquid pouring out. A flash of panic shows on Uriel's face as the click of Bobby's lighter sounds from behind him. Dean uses his grace to pin the angel on the spot and then Bobby throws it forwards and the oil enlights. The flames curve around him before fully setting ablaze casting an orange hue around the room.
His eyes water at the sight of the angel laying unconscious and his voice shakes as he speaks.
Dean frowns at the hint of something that sits hidden behind the trusting glow in Naomi's eyes.
The twinge in his chest isn't too difficult to ignore. "You know what happened." He responds. Castiel huffs at him, rolling his eyes as he turns towards the window. "Yes I do and that's exactly what I was trying to avoid. It seems inevitable now."
"What do you want?" Dean asks urgently.
"Come on Dean,"
They're both silent for a while until suddenly a thought occurs to Dean. "If you hate hunting so much why do you keep Bobby around, why not just pack up and leave it all behind?"
Castiel realises he must have been staring for longer than he thought since Dean had stopped cleaning the cup and started smirking at him. Castiel blinks a few times as his eyes widen trying to pass off that he was just daydreaming. Dean licks his lips while chuckling to himself then leans on the counter, "Nope not a bartender, just like being behind the bar." He smiles looking into Castiel's eyes and studying them. Dean moves his hand up to Castiel's face stroking some of his hair that had fallen down.
"Dean?" Dean attempts something that resembles a nod.
My name's Castiel, I am an angel of the Lord. However since I'm supposedly not meant to exist, it's only human nature to choose not to see me for what I really am. I cannot use my powers, which can become a struggle, but no one can know I'm here. Not heaven, not my brothers and sisters, no one must know.
His breath leaves him in a long sigh. He'll be stuck with this power until he follows through with 'God's plan'. He glances up at the angel, looks away then looks back. Dean bites his lip as he tries to think of something to say, anything just to break the heavy tension weighing both of them down. "How am I supposed to do this?"
Dean climbs into the Impala beside Bobby. Her leathery scent and purring engine bring him comfort. Bobby glances at him. "You ready?" Dean breathes deeply, his eyes drawn to Castiel's in the rearview mirror. "Yeah, I'm ready."
"I wish I could give you more definite answers Dean, but I alone am not powerful enough to stop them from trying. I can only prevent them from succeeding."
"So that's the plan? I hold her down and you stab her in the face!" Dean's surprised Sam's voice doesn't break along with the Impala's windows with how high he screeches.
"I should've taught this one to drive, save me the trouble." He gestures to Dean and nudges him teasingly. Dean rolls his eyes.
Castiel places himself on to the slippery bar stool with its glazed and sleek outline. His position shifts uncomfortably against the wobbly seat.
mark on the table.
He watches out of the corner of his eye as Bobby sneaks closer, using the shelving as cover. Dean swings his leg, stepping forwards again so that they shift in their circle. Uriel's lip curls even though he tries to hide it as Dean lets his grace slip out further. "Seems pretty unrealistic if I'm honest."
Castiel sits, leaning against the uncomfortable leather seat within his parked crème 'pimp car'. Its night time so the outside is barely recognisable, the only thing illuminating the dark path being pink and blue lights coming from a sign further down the alley reading 'the Atlanta strip'. Tonight he had agreed to come with a group of his friends to a strip club, for reasons still unknown to him.
Dean grins triumphantly, impressed that his lock picking skills are still as good as they used to be if not better. The same dark shadow washes over Dean and he quickly turns holding his gun up and aiming it at the nearest object, which just so happens to be a chair. He frowns, cursing under his breath.
"How?" He asks.
"Leaving so soon?"
"The witches seem to have cursed him. I don't understand why it didn't appear until now as it's very powerful, but I can wake him up and that should be enough until we find a cure." Sam relaxes slightly and he glances at Dean.
Sam quickly turns back around, holding his brother by the arms out of fear for him reaching for the gun Sam knows he has hidden beneath his shirt. "Dean!" Sam tries to think of a valid excuse anything that will make Dean actually think. Then it hits him. Gluttony. He pushes Dean to get his attention. "You haven't finished your food." Sam watches as Dean seems to contemplate the food. The anger in his eyes being replaced with a spark of recognition as the curse fights over which urge to follow. Dean flinches, taking a step away from both Castiel and the leftover food. "Shit," He curses, holding his head as his face scrunches up in pain. Until suddenly his whole body straightens and the spark in his eyes returns. "Sam get the food, Jake go to the car." Dean sets his jaw and walks past Sam. Sam does as he's told and quickly packs the food away as Jake watches with a furrowed brow. "What the hell?" He asks, standing up. Sam glances over his shoulder to where Dean is walking out the door with Castiel luckily not covered in blood. "I'll explain later."
He feels the moment Castiel's eyes leave him and it's like a physical punch to the gut. He holds his breath trying to control it. "I didn't turn him into anything." Castiel stands up straighter, moving from leaning on the wall. "If I could take these powers from him don't you think I would?" Jo turns to face him more fully now, tilting her head scornfully. "I'm not sure what you'd do." Her arms cross over her chest. "From what I've just seen it seems like you're trying to make him more powerful!"
Of course, it's a warehouse.
I bite the inside of my cheek pondering over the name, imagining how it would sound on my tongue and in my tone of voice, how different it would sound compared to the way Dean says it. He smiles once again and that's when I see it. His soul. It's so bright, almost like an angels grace, the same vibrant green as his eyes with hints of hazel brown near the middle to reflect his personality.
Dean tries his best not to let his jaw drop but he can't help the stupid 'woah' that leaves his lips in a breathless whisper.
"Bobby Singer."
Three weeks in is when things started getting weird. Sam was still unconscious yet Dean was nearly fully recovered. It was impossible. Every doctor kept telling him that it was amazing he could heal so quickly and that it should have been 'impossible' to do so, his injuries should have left him wheelchair-bound for at least a couple of years maybe even the rest of his life and here he was.
The only time Castiel's gaze breaks is when Dean turns his head away and Castiel focuses on Bobby, turning to give him his full attention.
Cas still seems to think of the Winchesters as his responsibility; no matter how many times Dean's told him that they can look after themselves the angel just can't let go of the responsibility yet and Dean doesn't blame him. He knows how hard it is to really think for yourself when you've been given orders your whole life.
Dean sighs. "Cas." It's just as good as he had thought Castiel looks wrecked, unbelievably destroyed yet incredibly beautiful at the same time.
Dean shrugs. "Well, so far I've only used them in my sleep and without knowing so sorry if I'm not threatened by the all-mighty power within me." Castiel's jaw clenches and unclenches as if trying to physically hold back his distress. His mouth finally works itself open just as the motel door swings open and slams against the wall. Dean jumps and instantly reaches for Castiel before he can get a glimpse of the hatted figure.
Dean opens his eyes and can't help the small smile that forms on his face as Cas stands next to him, trench coat and all with the same plain expression, messed up hair and bright blue eyes; and maybe if Deans eyes soften at the sight of him, well that's just because he's happy to see the guy. "Hello Dean, Sam." Cas greets. Sam nods in Cas' direction with a smile and a "Hey Cas." But Dean just can't manage to speak yet not when the memory of demons clawing at his flesh is still so raw inside his head. So instead he glances at the floor and the guilt that comes with it is like a smack in the face. He grimaces and doesn't meet Cas' eyes, only reaches for the doorbell and leaves Sam to whisper the basics of the case.
Sam wipes the frown that has worked its way onto his face and replaces it with a set smile. "Okay so get this, a few years ago this boy, Luke Stewart, came on the tour with his family. They weren't anything special, not even locals, only visiting; and the boy got lost in the cave when an apparent 'figure' dragged him away from the tour." He nods towards the stack of rocks as they move forwards closer to the entrance.
Dean watches his younger brother glance around the motel room. He knows Sam's trying to be nonchalant, just waiting for what he feels is the 'appropriate' time before his curiosity gets the better of him and he asks the question on his mind. Dean recognises it in the awkward change of posture, the way his eyes roam the room and the small pout on his lips. "So..have you dreamt about him again?"
"Wanna go up there?" Dean asks, standing beside him looking up at the Ferris wheel. Castiel grins up at him. "Race you there." Dean grins back at him. "3," They both ready themselves as Sam is moved to the front of the line. "2," The operator opens the side door. "1!" Both of them race forwards, leaping past the people waiting in line and jumping onto the metal flooring. Castiel giggles uncontrollably as he sees Dean slowly fall behind him. The taste of victory is on the tip of his tongue.
"You're trying to control something you shouldn't even be able to comprehend let alone consume. Bad things happening is part of the process. If we were under different circumstances I would not continue but if we were attacked and I couldn't help you-"
"You better come back, Winchester."
His striding down the hallway turns into more of a careful walk at the thought of coming into any danger over a hot tub. He momentarily thinks about going back for a weapon but decides against it in case he acts before he thinks and hits a minor, (he doubts it but it's a possibility). Castiel continues down the hallway, keeping his body out of the light that's coming through the windows and once again attempts to put a face to the stranger in his hot tub but its too dark to see anything from this distance, even with the hot tub lights on.
"Dean?"
Ellen chuckles and squeezes him closer to her side. "Yeah, well I don't doubt your angel will get an earful at some point so you might wanna warn him about that." Dean huffs out a laugh as they walk out of the bar. The morning light hitting his face is easily welcomed.
, and not just survive.
“So, have you-- uh… ever had cake--”
Dean nodded as he leaned back a bit more comfortably again, adjusting his sunglasses so the light wouldn’t blind him. “We could grab some food downtown. That other place we passed after dinner last time?”
Dean could see him biting his bottom lip briefly, looking at Dean sideways, something between bashful and mischievous as his brows went up slightly. “She told me a few interesting things, too.”
Finally, he sank down next to the other man, letting the air of the ceiling fan cool down his body.
“C‘mere,” Dean said softly and slid from the chair onto the bed, up a little father, one hand entwined with Cas’ to pull him closer until they were lying on top of the mattress, facing each other.
Alejandro laughed. “Uh, that game would be over quickly, what with both of us just wearing swim trunks. No, I was thinking of
done anal with a woman before, twice, and he knew it had needed a lot of foreplay for it to work out and be pleasant for her. As far as gay men went, he didn’t quite know to what extent experience and routine featured into it.
Cas felt his brow furrow slightly as he tried to make sense of the admittedly less than clear words, and after a moment’s consideration, he believed he understood. “That’s good. I appreciate that.”
“He’s quite the ladies’ man,” Cas replied.
Sam shook his head but chuckled softly before he deliberately bumped into Dean’s shoulder teasingly, to which Dean replied in kind. It was a lightness and hilarity between them Dean hadn’t been able to feel in a long time. At least not completely.
Cas untangled his legs and sat on the edge of the bed a little straighter, feeling how his knees hurt just the tiniest bit from maintaining the awkward position for too long. Something else he had to get used to.
Sam spared them both any further remarks.
you want to do this?”
’ he wrote back as he got up and went to prepare some coffee.
A tiny, regretful, and somewhat bitter, huffed chuckle came over his lips, and he breathed in deeply once more, tasting the salt in the air on his tongue, feeling the crispness of it in his nose as he tried to chase everything away. Just watching the waves and trying to think of nothing, and after a while, he succeeded.
“And you couldn’t have texted me that?” Dean replied, his mood having gone a bit sour. A lot sour. As much as he would also like to speak to Claire, Kaia, and Eileen, this was not how he had pictured the situation.
So this might be it. If the weather stayed like this, Dean would not have to contemplate whether he wanted to stay any longer because there’d be no point in staying. Suddenly, he felt a pang of trepidation at this prospect, too.
Another chapter edit completed. As I promised, I'll post swiftly. So in case you want to wait for the whole thing try again tomorrow. :-)
Alejandro let out a breathy chuckle. “Hell, no. I’m trying to cheer you up here, not make you more depressed. Though, if you’re interested in
“Penetration.”
Maria chuckled softly and cleared her throat, starting over. The slow and melancholy melody started very softly, only picking up the volume by a notch as soon as she started singing the lyrics.
I also have to take the time to tell all of you who always comment on my chapters how much this means to me. I just passed 500 comments on the last chapter, which is way more than I've ever had on a fic. And it's not even finished. Reading your thoughts, your speculations and reactions is just so immensely rewarding. A few times, some of you have expressed things you were hoping for or speculating about for future chapters, and even though I knew I could not fulfil
There was just this odd feeling in his gut, something he could not describe or place that made him reluctant to agree to the offer.
He scoffed. “What I’m going to get myself a Daddy too?”
“Then let me edge you once more,” he moved down Dean’s body, pushing one of Dean’s legs to the side to let him settle in between, face close to his cock. “Once more then you can cum, ok?”
He went, turning his head to look at Cas. Their eyes flickered to each other’s mouths. Cas’ mouth that Dean had been thinking about far too often to be deemed healthy. He wanted them on him, needed them on him. A breath filled his lungs, on the exhale he let go of any other feeling he had been harboring other than the ones associated with Cas. When he paired it all away, striped it all back, all he was left with was pure desire for the man.
He stepped back from her reach.
That seemed to be good enough for Cas. His hands went back into Dean’s hair, reaching up to the top of his hair, grabbing a fist full of it. Cold blues looked down as Dean rut himself on the bed from the feeling of it, because somehow being pulled from the top of his head had managed to make its way all the way down to his cock. He had been hard giving Cas head, now there was a growing damp spot he was working himself into.
“You finish that sentence I’ll break your jaw.” He pointed at his brother. He wouldn’t, he couldn’t.
A group message to his contacts probably. Another one came in shortly after.
For one, Cas might have decided in the three days apart that it wasn’t a good idea, that it wasn’t really more than sex for him, and that Claire had already gone through a separation and he wasn’t about to put her through another one. Each one as reasonable and plausible as the next. Charlie didn’t have to see her parents split up due to the mere fact they were never together in the first place and as far as she was concerned Dean was the only parent she had. The real story will come out eventually when she’s old enough to hear it. Claire on the other hand saw and experienced the split of her parents.
He picked back up his sandwich to take another bite. “We?"
Had to be a distant family member.
“I’ll tell you later.” Sam told Charlie. That earned them both exhausted groan from Dean.
“And who’s got Clarence smiling like a teenage schoolgirl?” Cas looked to his side, Meg stood there, leering at his phone. “Lemme guess, Dean?”
“It’s serious?”
“Fuck, that was…”
“It’s ready.” Cas said, clicking one final button and moving away from the laptop.
“I’m not,” Dean lets his head drop back onto the hard wood floor in a thud, his chest rising and falling trying to get his breath back. “though I am a little sticky.” His finger runs lazily through Castiel’s mess. His afterglow makes him dopey, Castiel knows the feeling, inhibitions non-existent and he gathers some of his cum on his finger too, brings it to Dean’s mouth to taste it. Dean’s mouth warm around his finger. It’s still hot even after their orgasms.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea man.”
Christ he was going to cum before Cas even got inside of him.
He took Dean’s answer in Dean spreading his shaking legs wider, like he knew what Cas was planning to do and completely on board with it. The last time he tried this Dean couldn’t handle it, too much of a sensory overload for him, he hoped this time Dean would take it when he decided to do it.
His friend moved closer to him, rubbing their heads together in a sweet gesture that had Cas convinced Dean’s inner sub was truly flourishing. “Yeah Cas, I’ll be good, promise.”
Cas mimicked the action, reaching for his own and watching Dean under hooded eyes as he took his time walking over.
There were moments when they lost themselves in each other, Dean wanted to kiss the Russian, run his tongue along his dried-up lips and taste him. Sometimes he swore Cas looked like he was about to, blue eyes locked on Dean’s lips like he was debating doing it, till he dropped his head to Dean’s shoulders where it was safe and away from danger. Dean wanted that danger though. The urge to pull Cas back up to meet his face and press their lips together was getting difficult to not give into.
“Kneel up, hands on the bed frame.” Cas said.
Dean knew that name all too well. The pro-longed Dad, the
John even nodded in approval at the sentiment. Christ, they all wanted to meet this guy. Meet Dean, their son, their brother who was sitting right next to them all. Their conversation seemed to move on from that, focusing on their fishing trip they were going to take tomorrow.
Dean moved to straddle Cas’ hips. “What? Enjoy making out with my arm pit or—” he was cut off with a hand sliding up the back of his thigh, under his boxers and into the cleft of his ass. As quick as it got there, Cas took it away. Dean frowned. “I take it back, you’re not a good man, you’re a fucking bastard.”
“Completely,” she agreed, sliding her arm around his to link them together. “I’ve seen Dean gag on your—”
He wanted to talk. Words weren’t coming out though.
His phoned buzzed as he left the English building.
“Ever hear of personal space Cas?” Dean asked nudging Cas away with his hand.
Dean didn’t stop him, there was no protest in him and if Cas hadn’t known any better there was a slight eagerness. His teeth caught his bottom lip and he watched attentively as Cas unzipped his jeans.
“Gabriel, honestly its fine I don’t mind paying full price.” He fumbles with his wallet to get out the other two dollars.
how much of a dick he is being. Right, this is coming out whether he wants it or not. Nothing like downing whiskey on an empty stomach, a sliced hand and some emotional turmoil to really set Dean off.
Cas asked.
They turned down a quieter street, less suits, more casual wearing people, more colours. It seemed to be a more relaxed part of the business world. Dean spotted a neon sign that just had the words “BURGERS HERE” displayed and it made him chuckle.
The hand moved to his neck. It felt warm, soft. A thumb brushed his grown out facial hair.
No doubt Dean’s face had turned from pink to red. Cas had been pretending to be him but the whole turning head business was enough to make Dean squirm in his seat. The air of confidence Dean knew how to pull in person, not so much in texts. It seemed Cas had it down to a fine art, not too arrogant and everything with a hint of flirtation attached. Only thing was, did Dean want to go out with Benny?
“Smile Castiel, would ya? It’s not like it’s gonna to kill ya,” Gabriel says to him nudging his shoulder. He rolls his eyes at his friend and lifts his mouth to the biggest fakest smile he can manage. “Never mind, you’re going to scare off the customers.”
Maybe he did want something, something to play with or entertain himself while he wasn’t around Gabriel. They didn’t spend enough time together,
Sam moved closer to Dean like he was about to disclose some kind of big secret. Dean leaned in too. “They don’t speak in English with each other, it’s like a rule.”
“I’m horny.” Cas clarified. His eyes dragged over Dean’s body. The Russian was not going to make this easy for Dean. Cas got what he wanted, always and Dean was not giving him what he wanted.
His arousal was up, walking and talking now. Cock hardening in his jeans.
Dean’s hand shoved him back inside. He went, taking a grip of the sink to stop himself from falling over. Dean followed him in, closing and locking the door behind him. He gaped at his friend, unsure what was going on. Was he going to hit him? Yell at him? Tell him their friendship was over?
Cas would very much like Dean’s mouth on his cock too. Not that he would admit that aloud. His newfound attraction for his friend still in its infant stages and Cas did not want to rule out this attraction might boil down to the alluring side of touching something that he shouldn’t i.e. a straight guy. It pained him to think he was
Gordon took a grip of his chin tight. “Don’t tempt me.”
Dean woke up still in last night’s clothes with a banging headache, ringing in his ears and a churning stomach. He was gonna hurl. Stumbling out of his bed he made his way to the bathroom, getting there just in time to empty the contents of last night into it. It stung. Gabriel’s weird ass drink stripping his insides. The sweet sugary neon orange still the same colour as it was last night. Gross.
They both get up off the floor, Castiel to the bathroom, Dean to his bed to undress. When Castiel returns Dean’s sitting on the edge of the bed naked, eyes closed dosing off with his hands holding his head up. Castiel nudges Dean back, he falls, half asleep already. He cleans up Dean and takes what he assumes are his pyjamas from under his pillow to put on him. Dean helps as much as he can, mumbling gratitude and embarrassment about how he needs to stop falling asleep around Castiel.
“Your
Lev. His dream Cas never called him that.
I'm sorry this took so long! I've gone from studying to a full time job and wow, its super tiring. Anyway, here is the next instalment, all abroad the feels train, the begging train and the edging train, choo choo x
Jessica inhales, laughing at the situation.
Cas shoved his way inside, hands on Dean’s chest to push him back because yes, this was happening. It needed to happen.
That does it for Cas. He pulls at his hair in frustration then storms out of the car, slamming the door so hard it vibrates the whole car. Dean follows, not letting him get away that easily from this.
“You manage to hear any of that or too busy undressing your neighbor here?” Gabriel teases. That gets a chuckle from the other two and a neck scratch from Dean. He feels the need to say he wasn’t doing that though that would not be believed.
“You going to be back for count and lock in after lunch?”
“What?”
“And what was with the church?”
At least one of them was.
Great.
It was 8pm one evening by the time Castiel was able to grab his dinner from his favourite diner. The waiter thought Castiel wasn’t going to show up, he never eats his dinner this late.
“You like jacking me off, don’t you?” Dean’s voice more gravelly than usual. Blame the slow and sultry hand job he was getting.
“Not when you say it.” Cas replied, shaking his head. That was a small relief for Dean. He wasn’t too keen on calling Cas that even if it was standard protocol for being a prag. Didn’t stop him from wondering what Cas meant by that.
“Eto ne zanyalo mnogo vremeni.” Balthazar said.
Cas licked a strip up Dean’s cock making his whole-body shudder. He smiled, eyes darting up to look at Dean who had yet to pull his from the sight below him. Cas licked down his shaft, pressing his tongue to the vein that jutted out underneath. Dean let out the most beautiful whine, and fell back down onto the bed, surrendering to Cas.
The queue is as long as the shop. Castiel is at the till taking payments being polite.
He keeps his mouth shut.
He started to falter, hips chaotically moving in tangent to Dean’s fist. Spots started to appear in his vision and when his orgasm hit him his phone fell from his hand, dropping to the tiles in a loud shatter. Not that he cared or noticed. Dean kept jacking them off, pushing them over the edge together. Dean biting down on his lip hard and Cas’s chest heaving, grunting at the sensation of it being pulled out of him.
Cas stopped his display of power, like a switch the anger vacating Cas’ eyes, turning softer as he moved his hand into Dean’s hair to run his fingers through it. Dean hated how the hair on his body stood to attention from it, hated how Cas knew how to disarm Dean in an instant, how the walls he kept up to protect himself fell around him when Cas did this to him.
The thing was that Dean had started to like Cas, like him more than just his body. Along with the mutual mind-blowing orgasms came the conversations after, their friendship kindling in their afterglow when the lights in their block were turned off. It was like the darkness brought this blanket of safety between them, safety to tell each other things they’d never tell anyone else in here.
“You’re not that much of a dumbass Cas, you can’t be,” Dean pushes himself off of the counter, he looks defeated. If Castiel could just figure out why. Castiel doesn’t know how to respond to that. His brain is trying to piece together what could have happened that has created this response in Dean. He’s coming up short every time.
Dean leaves before Cas does, 8am start at the auto-shop so he doesn’t see him since falling asleep on his couch. He works another hard day. Why don’t people learn how to take better care of their cars? He gets Ash to cover his shift at the Roadhouse because he’s done being on his feet all day and has officially ran out of clean underwear. When he heads down to the basement, he finds Cas sitting on the ground still in his work clothes with a book in his hands.
“Tell me Dean, have you ever tried edging before?”
“Why are you shushing me?” Cas questioned.
The first time he might have actually meant that sentence.
“They’re asleep.”
“You should go clean up.” Cas told him. He grabbed a top over the back of his chair and slipped it on. His friend seemed normal, as normal as Cas could be. That was a good sign at least. Dean would feel normal too, after he washed off his cum and got over his afterglow.
That spiked his interest. “And what does the winner get?”
He swirled his tongue along the length of him, enjoying how Dean’s bowlegs buckled a little.
“You might?” Charlie pressed.
Taking a breathe, he took a bit of a risk and put his arm around Cas while his head was down. The gap was there for him to do it without much effort. A smooth move, if Dean was on a date in a cinema and not in a cell in Purgatory. He waited for Cas to pull away, tackle Dean to the ground, shiv him in the neck, none of those things came. His hand rested on Cas’ bare shoulder, probably wrapped around his wings and all it took was the tiniest tug and Cas’ body fell into Dean’s side.
“So, what did you find out?” Sam joined him for breakfast.
“It’s a power game brother, aint all about getting off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas takes his hand again while their walking. It makes Dean’s heart skip a little feeling his cold hand pressed against Dean’s. He’s holding it like he’s scared Dean might let sometimes and Dean rubs his thumb in circles to subtly tell him to ease up or Dean might lose circulation in it. He relaxes eventually. With his two jobs Dean never really took the time to walk around the town he grew up in, shops changed over time, sole trading being replaced by chains. They walked past two Starbucks in less than half an hour.
“Dean, you can’t.” his brother said. Dean didn’t care, the guards weren’t watching.
“The rush is I’ve been dying for you to fuck me for ages man,
“Here.” Cas said. He kneeled down beside him, resting a hand on his shoulder.
“I’m missing stuff. Typical.” Dean grunted, half under his breathe.
“Yes, I like it there.” Cas’ body untensed. Silence fell around them. It was peaceful even if the sound of Purgatory was anything but outside of their four walls. If Dean concentrated hard enough, he could cancel out the noise and home in on nothing but Cas.
Dean shut his eyes, biting his lip harder fighting the urge to answer even though they both knew the answer was going to be yes. Cas felt generous and started to move down Dean’s thighs.
“Dean,” Cas’ hand reached for Dean’s cheek, pulling his attention.
,” he panted, eyes shutting and neck craning back.
He manages to do it without waking Dean up. Castiel stumbles around in the dark, finding the bathroom light and dropping his knees to the tiled floors to heave up the tequila that is sloshing around in his stomach. His throat stings but his stomach will thank him later for it.
Its busy on a Sunday, all day breakfast is taken advantage of. They spy a free both and take it, sliding in opposite each other with their jackets discarded on the nearby coat rack. The waiter, one Castiel doesn’t recognise comes over with menus and takes their drink orders.
“I missed you!” Charlie said, hugging her friend tight.
“Dostatochno Balthazar, vpustite yego.” He said.
“You want me to touch you again, don’t you?” Cas asked.
He wrapped his arms around himself, trying to make himself as small as possible.
“What about you Castiel? Seeing a special someone?”
Benny shrugged but his smirk gave him away. “Maybe I am brother.”
Eventually he did turn around, he couldn’t ignore Cas’ commands forever. Cas took his face in his hands, wiping away his tears off his cheek bones even though more continued to fall.
“Cas,” he broke the kiss, trying to get some air into his lungs. The Russian pulled back, just enough to take in Dean’s face. Blue eyes blown. “You gotta fuck me man, like right now.”
“What’s going on?” Dean asked out to the crowd, hoping someone would respond.
Cas narrowed the space between them, it felt nice how natural Cas was about it, how his hands went around Dean’s waist like they always belonged there. Dean’s hand fidgeted, undecided on where to rest them and ended up keeping them by his side. If he got his hands-on Cas, he’d no doubt be late picking up Charlie.
Buzzed Cas liked to believe when Dean said he wanted to, he meant it. Words for them, not for the camera. He nodded, untensing his muscles under Dean’s hold. Dean didn’t move, hovering over him for a few breathes. He didn’t want Dean to be anxious about this. He wanted Dean to let go like he did the other times. When he forgot that it was Cas, that it was being filmed and just basked in the moment, completely unhinged and unafraid. The Dean that had Cas cumming numerous times over the past weeks.
Dean chuckled and put some distance between them so Cas couldn’t pick up on Dean’s neck heating up under his t-shirt. “Might need some building up to that one.”
“If I pass these fucking mid-terms.” Sam grumbles. “I mean, eh, sorry professor.”
more videos. One in particularly actually.”
“I’m close.” Cas warned him. His orgasm brewing inside of him.
When it came to melting the chocolate Cas was right, Dean did want to melt it. He enjoyed breaking up the pieces in his hand, slipping the odd one into his mouth when Cas wasn’t looking. One time he got caught and Cas glared at him with those steely blues his daughter enjoyed using. Claire did it, intimidating. Cas doing it, slightly alluring. He handed Cas a piece silently asking for forgiveness. Cas took it, popping into his mouth and humming. It was downright sinful, and Dean went back to breaking the pieces slightly more aggressively than before.
“A little birdy told me your bunk buddy is brewing up Angel Grace,” He said to Dean. Dean was glad for the taffy chocolate in his mouth inhibiting him from replying with words, he pointed to his mouth signally he couldn’t respond. “A simple head nod or shake will suffice.”
One of them in particular was looking at Dean like he hadn’t eaten in about a month. It made his skin crawl. Alastair, he remembered his name being, charged for human trafficking though word around was that he was a known rapist in his town, not that he was convicted of that. That was all that Dean needed, a rapist looking at Dean like his next target. He wanted to hide his face in his hands, crawl under the table. He did the opposite, ate his food like he hadn’t a care in the world. Don’t let them see you sweat.
“You sure are kiddo.” Dean smiled up at her.
“You’re not like anyone Cas.” Dean says and means it. He lessens up the grip of Cas’ jaw, moves his hand to run through Cas’ hair softly. It’s a sweet gesture and Cas hates that he likes it.
He ran his hand up Cas’ thigh. “You’re on Novak."
“I heard he went kicking and screaming like a little bitch,” Gordon continued in a loud whisper that only Dean could hear. “Calling out your whore of a Mother’s name over and over and –” Dean’s elbow collided with his nose. He could take the Dad digs but no one bad mouthed Mary Winchester.
“Sorry brother.” Benny put his hand on his chest. He was an earnest man. That didn’t help Dean with the situation he had. They had fifty meters left to clean and no water to do it.
Dean scoffed, memories of last night coming back to the forefront of his mind, this time he didn’t fight them away in the morning like before. He let them roll in, adding to his ever-growing arousal. Now with worries sidelined for the time being they could get back to pressing matters at hand. He leaned back down, rolling his whole body into Cas, loving how Cas arched up to meet him. “You earned that title last night, you didn’t even cum, did you?”
“Sammy!” Dean shouted.
“Tickles.” He protests pathetically, sleep still seeping from his bones.
He was so beautiful it hurt.
Dean gets a mark.
Cas was leaning against the arch into the kitchen, cup of something warm in his hands. Dean could do with one of those. Perks of working in the kitchen, unlimited hot drinks, not just for breakfast. If he was Cas’ prag, could he wrangle some perks like Sam got? Hot drinks would be nice in this freezing weather Dean had to spend outside in. He was practically shivering.
Like Dean could ever forget.
Dean who walks towards Castiel, shirtless, still in his jeans and bare feet with a look on his face that is anything other than annoyed unless Dean smiles under hooded eyes when he is annoyed which he doesn’t as Castiel has seen that face more times than he cared to count.
He’s cut off by Cas’ mouth. It’s sharp and angry, no desperate. It’s all teeth and breath and he’s clinging onto Dean like he’s afraid he’ll disappear underneath him. It’s panic that he’s fucked up big time and Dean will leave him. Dean knows this kiss.
“Your neck.” He corrects him. Dean tries to get it off, he narrowly misses where it is.
“Who’s trying to burn your stories this time?”
Benny was good, he was. Dean couldn’t fault him really. It just wasn’t enough. It wasn’t what he knew Cas was capable of doing.
“Your ass is going back to Purgatory.” Two more guards came into Dean’s cell and hoisted him up out of his bed. Their uniform was different, completely black unlike Zachariah’s navy.
Cas’ in casual clothes, a fitted blue top like his eyes and equally fitted black chinos. He doesn’t know which he preferred, the suit, the pajamas, the casual attire, all of them fill Dean’s mind with ways of taking them off. He’s glad Cas is looking at the pie, gives him a chance to fully appreciate the way the top tightens around his upper arms.
“Perhaps you need to someone to jog it for you.” Cas suggested casually. Dean nearly spat out his coffee, covering it with a cough and a gulp. It burnt his throat, but it was better than it spilling it. Again, Cas seemed unphased with what he had just said, or suggested. Perhaps it didn’t mean it as suggestive as he had. Dean sort of went down the path that Cas had been offering to jog it. More likely, he was just talking in general terms. General terms were easier to handle, kept Dean’s crush under wraps, especially at a kid’s birthday party. Boners were not acceptable party wear.
“Your brother,” Dean finishes. Castiel nods again. Dean rolls his head in his arms, sighing loud and hard. “I’m sorry man, I’m such a dick for...”
“What can I say? I’m a catch.” He joked. It was a message from Benny. They had been talking old cars, Dean told him about his Baby. Benny had responded saying he’d bet Dean looked good behind the wheel. Dean didn’t know how to respond to it. Cas had been leaning over, being nosey and reading it.
“Pfft, I’m talking about what doesn’t make the cut. How needy does our Dean get?”
“What would I do without you Cas?”
Want, that’s a strong word. Dean felt the back of his neck heat up a smidge, thankful for the collar on his coat hiding it.
“You need to stop growing Sammy,” Dean slapped his brother’s back. He pulled him back to get a look at him, two arms, two legs, eyes bright, smile wide, yeah, he was all there. “I’m the big brother, remember?”
“Just don’t touch my stuff, or
Castiel sees the three of them on a bench outside the library. Its busy, students and other faculty members are around. They’re not sitting together however, unlike what Castiel is about to do. He spies some of the English team on another bench, they’re absorbed in their debate to notice Castiel. Jessica notices Castiel first, hand up waving in his direction.
And all he kept thinking about was that he wished he had jumped in the storeroom or even before, but he was too scared and too proud to let Cas see that part of him. He didn’t trust Cas when he should have. Cas had never given Dean any doubt he couldn’t be trusted and yet Dean resisted it, resisted any chance of happiness he could have in here for the sake of not wanting what was about to happen to him. If he’d jumped, trusted Cas then he wouldn’t be here about to die at the hands of Gordon. It wasn’t really Gordon who was going to get him in the end. He had no one but himself to blame really. He should have jumped.
“Promise,” Cas’ hands slip through the fabric of Dean’s jacket and land back by his side. Dean dives to the other side of the car, almost debates sliding over the bonnet to get their faster. He hops in and closes the door behind him. “See? Right here.” He shoots a smile across. Cas doesn’t return it, instead falls into the space between them, half of his head resting on Dean’s lap.
Dean huffed. He leaned his head back to hit the mirror above the sink. “Fuck, I’m close.”
“Get on your knees
“Cas, sorry man, she’s just excited.” he leaned over to get a look at his daughter. “And a brat!” he called out to her. She was jumping around with Claire who was sporting a neon green alien outfit not listening to her Dad. Charlie had picked out a good present, she knew her friend well. Music carried out into the porch he was standing in along with the noise of other kids and adults too. He put his attention back on Cas, the guy was wearing a white shirt, sleeves rolled up and a pair of glasses he’d never seen Cas wear before. Black rims surrounding his eyes.
Huh, that was weird. Usually a no-go area. Dean wasn’t about to tell her that, perhaps she didn’t know the correct protocols and he needed those boxers and top to get him through the week. He huffed some resemblance of a thank you and headed in the direction of the laundry room.
He scanned the menu, eyeing up the bacon cheeseburger and when they gave their order it seemed Cas was feeling one too. He got himself a non-alcoholic beer and Cas got a water. With the technicalities of their lunch out of the way it was probably time for one of them to talk about what they were really meeting for. If only he was brave enough to initiate. He started to pull at the label on his beer.
“You have got to be kidding me,” she sighed. She turned her attention back to Dean, kissing him and Cas found it hard not to growl. Bella pulled away, “Rain check babe?”
“I said…”
Before Dean had a chance to introduce himself, they were called for count.
Right yeah, why did Dean care? Feelings, that’s why. He crossed his arms defensively, as if that was going to protect his heart from the outside world, from Cas. He attempted an air of pissed off in his voice, praying that Cas would buy it and not question why Dean tried to stop a fight, why he then went searching for Cas to make sure he was ok and then proceeded to give him a once over like a damn housewife. There was no one around, there was no need to act like prag, except Dean wasn’t acting like one, at least not the “acting” part.
It didn’t take long for Cas to realise how much Dean craved Cas to take him. His beautiful pleas and body practically begging to be touched and held down. It had Cas fantasizing endless ways to bring Dean pleasure. How stunning he’d look wrapped in ropes, tied to a bed and crying out for Cas. He got hard just thinking about it.
“It means lion,” Sam told him. “Lev. It’s a term of endearment.”
Dean tries to give Cas a hand job. He’s kneeling in front of him, Cas lying back on the bed and keeping quiet, letting Dean figure it out. He’s hard, always hard when Dean has his hands on him but it’s not exactly the best he’s ever had.
Whatever was happening between them within their cell had started to wriggle its way outside of it. A week into their new relationship and they were starting to give Sam and Gabriel a run for their money. Dean and Cas were inseparable. If they weren’t working, they were glued at the hip, or chest to back, or shoulder to thigh. It started to feel strange when Dean didn’t have a part of Cas touching him.
“Dean, a lot has happened in Purgatory since you got thrown in the Empty.” His brother walked to an empty bench, sat down and gestured for Dean to sit too.
He brings Dean around back, tells him to watch the step as they walk into the kitchen. Dean looks around while Castiel brings forward what pies are left from the back. Gabriel keeps them in warm space so they can stay fresher for longer. Dean isn’t saying much. Cas is usually trying to get Dean to stop talking, he puts it down to unfamiliar surroundings.
Dean's lips stretch wider into a gaping grin, his eyebrows arch to the sky. He knows he should be taking it seriously but the extent of his powers one again leave him speechless. He lifts up his right hand and unclenches his fist. The light glows from his palm like a miniature sun, a smouldering ball of fire ready to burn. Dean inhales before thrusting his hand forwards. Castiel grunts with the effort to resist the grace pushing him back but he stays standing.
Bobby shakes his head, his eyes glancing at the rearview mirror. "I put her somewhere safe."
"Of course I care Dean." The response is automatic and so genuine that Dean would be lying if he said it didn't make him feel a least a tiny bit less pissed, how could it not, other than his family, Cas is the only one to tell Dean that he actually gives a shit about him. "Then tell me what the hell's wrong with you?" The angel stands still for a moment, almost frozen in place as he stares blankly at the floor, arguing with himself before walking back towards the edge. "Please, Cas."
Dean steps forward walking into the light, the yellow gleam brightening his features. He swallows around the lump in his throat, a smile forming on his lips. "Da-" However the smile quickly falls from his face, his features contorting into a conflicted frown. He grits his teeth, John's dead. The man that stands in front of the car is too short and too rounded to be John. Dean slides back into the darkness watching the man who has taken his father's car, Dean's car, and who is adjusting the gun that they have clearly hidden in the back of their suit. Dean feels the sadness bubble into anger at the thought of someone taking his families possessions especially one so precious. He glares at the man as he opens the impala's boot.
Castiel hasn't returned yet but he's definitely watching Dean. Two hours in Dean had tried to leave the motel only to find that the door wouldn't open, no matter how much he kicked and pulled it and the windows have some kind of forcefield that allows him to open them but not climb through. The realisation was claustrophobic at first but now it's just irritating. At least in the hospital, he had people to talk to.
It's dark outside by the time Dean finally gives up on finding something else to do and returns to his bed, turning on the TV and allowing a blue glow to illuminate the room. The bedding is scratchy on his bare skin but it provides him with some comfort against being alone. Dean sighs as his eyes flicker across the TV screen this is the first time he's slept alone in a while and the silence irks him. He's grown accustomed to the hustle of the hospital, of Sam's breathing, of the machines beeping and of nurses and doctors weaving through rooms. At the thought of the hospital, he tries to rear his thoughts on to other things. He thinks of Bobby and this mysterious connection of his and of Bobby's attachment to this world, how he knows about things that Dean still questions even after seeing with his own eyes. He tries to ignore the nudging of the gun underneath his pillow as it digs into his neck. Dean rolls on to his side punching at his pillow in an attempt to flatten it and adjust the gun before flopping back down with a huff. He closes his eyes, stifling a yawn but his thoughts whirl and jab through his sleepy haze. Bobby is bound to realise Dean snuck one of his guns when he wasn't looking but he needed the extra protection, something to ground him when he's alone.
. If Sam was awake Castiel would have told him.
, his dick hardens impossibly more and he feels a wet patch begin to form on the front of his boxers. "I'm not
"And what if I was?" He whispers. Dean leans forwards ever so slightly, just to get a clearer look at those eyes, to map out the different colours they contain. He glances down at the name tag attached to the man's suit 'Castiel'. Dean watches the man's eyes close ever so slightly and smirks. "That'll have to wait till later angel." He whispers, stepping back and turning towards the door. Dean tries to contain his chuckle as he hears Castiel exhale in disappointment behind him.
you need me, call straight away." He says to both brothers his gaze lingering on Dean's hunched over body as the hunter rests on the bed. "Please keep him safe," Castiel says to Sam before disappearing into thin air.
Dean frowns at the edge of the table. Then, "If you were in the hospital why didn't you ask about Sam?" He glances at Castiel, anxiety forming in his chest at the thought of his brother.
Bobby's frown deepens as he carefully drops his hold on Dean's arm once again, the silence between them hanging in the air. "What was the name of that guy again?"
Dean wanders around while Castiel drains the pasta. He’s curious to see what Dean is looking at and makes quick work adding the bacon, cream and parmesan to the pot. Castiel’s apartment isn’t much but its home. He has stacks of books everywhere, his bookcases overflowing, and he has yet to buy a new one, even his coffee table has books on it. His desk is similar to his one at work, the computer with a cup of pens and a shoe box of scraps of paper. His bed parallel to one of the windows, his bedside table also with a shoebox with scraps of paper, some with scribbles of his dreams on them, some blank ready for writing on. His kitchen is near the front door, it’s small, he doesn’t need anything more than what he has.
He stayed for ten minutes after then said he had to go pick up Charlie. He didn’t have to, not for another hour but he didn’t feel like staying any longer. Dean got what he wanted, or at least a version of what he wanted. What he really wanted was yet to come.
Gabriel had warned him about this.
“Can I see it?”
“You living here long?” Dean asked pointing to his surroundings.
Then he remembered he did love it.
His eyes moved back to the screen and saw Cas’ hand rub along Dean’s growing erection.
The clogs in his friend’s mind were turning. His glasses slipping from looking at a spot on the floor, so he had to push them back up. Dean hated wearing his glasses, claiming he looked nerdy and lost his hotness the moment he put them on. Cas didn’t agree nor disagree at the time of the conversation. Now though, if Dean asked him again if his glasses made him less attractive Cas wouldn’t even had to think before replying with a no.
He had never known Cas to be competitive but fucking hell Cas was on a mission to win this game. It was hard not to make a sound. The way Cas kept palming over Dean’s erection was slowly tearing him apart. He clearly had made the rookie mistake of taking Cas’ cock out completely, thought if he worked Cas quickly it would get him to falter but it didn’t work like that and Cas teasing Dean had him biting his fist not to scream out. All he wanted was Cas to touch him, really touch him and he couldn’t. He couldn’t make a sound.
“Hello Dean.”
“Get a move on boy.” Bobby nudged him forward in the queue.
A comment confirms things.
Cas waits while Dean settles down then shuffles back, pressing his front along Dean’s side. The duvet keeping them apart. He sees Cas is shivering. Without thinking too hard about it, Dean lifts an arm for Cas to sneak in under it and rest his head on Dean’s chest. It’s nice, real nice.
Perfect.
Cas drove the shiv into the tray, it jammed, and Gabriel used Cas’ distraction in trying to get the shiv out to his advantage, shoving the Russian into the nearest wall. Gabriel was quick too, perhaps Dean had under-estimated him. He swung the tray, hitting Cas over the head with it. Dean couldn’t stand to see it go on any longer and neither did Sam.
He hands Ash and Benny cold beers. They clink bottles and continue chatting. Dean stays with him for a bit. Jo, in his eyes his little cousin, in her eyes something more. He doesn’t have the heart to tell her he’s not interested. She’d clam up and punch him in the arm or something for even assuming she likes him in that way and never speak to him again which he doesn’t want. He’s waiting for the day someone else comes into her life and sweeps her off her feet like she deserves. Till that day, he plays it safe, pretends to be oblivious to her advances.
Warning : Reference to self harm
The other day had thrown Castiel when he finally got to lay eyes on his neighbor. Too many eyes from what Dean had asked him. Gabriel did warn him he had a problem with staring. It’s just he hadn’t expected his neighbor to look like what Dean looked like. He had this image of an older guy, purely basing that off of the music tastes and old car with a beer belly, maybe a car sales man or something with coffee stains on his shirt and a receding hairline.
“I need a shower.” Cas got off the bed, grabbing his towel and making it to the door.
“Thanks.” He swirled the liquid, it shimmered.
“You can, if you want to.”
During the week he worked at the auto-shop with Bobby, nothing changed there. Bobby still as grumpy as ever. Some nights he’d take a shift at the Roadhouse too though mostly he worked there Friday and Saturday when business picked up. The ivy league kids loved the place. A run-down dive of a bar was ‘hipster’ apparently. Last time Dean worked there it was full of old vets and alcoholics, now he was serving up more shots of tequila than ever before. Some girl asked him for a slippery nipple one of the nights and he handed her a cold beer instead.
“Claire was also very excited today,” Cas told him. “She had me set up the paints before breakfast.” He gestured towards the coffee table where Charlie and Claire were kneeling by. The present that they had given Claire was all ready to go. Newspapers
He made a point to be quick, trying not to think too hard about why that was.
“Paint a mural with my blood? Wear my intestines like a necklace?”
He really hoped he hadn’t ruined their friendship. He needed to talk to Dean.
“Ehhh,” he took another sip of his cola, trying to figure out how to respond to that question without acting suspicious. He scratched at his chin, knee bouncing under the table. “Fine yeah.”
Cas slowed down then let go, letting his hand trail down Dean’s thigh and out of the shot to leave Dean’s body breathless and covered in cum for a few seconds.
“I’m close,” Cas said through his thrusts. “You gonna take it? Swallow me down?”
The curiosity was getting the better of him, so he leaned in and lowered his voice. “Well? What’s the word? Are we getting any views or whatever?”
The Russian glared, clearly not impressed with Dean’s jokes. He thought he was pretty funny all things considered. The electric currents of this muscle spasm couldn’t even dampen it.
Cas smiled, bringing his mouth to Dean’s ear to whisper into it, “I’m going to break you Dean, till you’re begging for me to give you release.”
After the grocery shopping, he dumped her in the bath and noticed the graze on her kneecap. It wasn’t big but needed to be cleaned properly. She hated the anti-septic spray. The first mention of it resulted in Dean running around after her with the spray in his hand. Charlie left a death trap of water in her wake as her hair was soaked still from the bath. He threatened to cut it off if she didn’t stop running, that didn’t work because it was an empty threat. He’d never do that to her and she knew it.
Right, of course. When they had phone sex and Dean was being turned on. He could tell Dean was lying with his voice, now he had the visuals to back up his claim that Dean was lying through his teeth. He shifted uneasy under the gaze of Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean!” A girl called out from the audience. People erupted in agreement. The guys nudged Dean’s shoulders to get him to do it and his reluctant coy behaviour faded away to sheer determination as he stepped closer to the girl’s body. His cheeks flushed from the alcohol.
He didn’t know what it was about the guy that made his insides all gooey. Sure, he was attractive, Dean might even go as far and say hot. It was his damn sex appeal that initially caught Dean’s eye in the playground a couple of months back. His bed hair and the way his tie hung loosely around his neck that had Dean itching to grab it, pull the man into him and unchap those full lips with his tongue. Thoughts he really didn’t need to have while surrounded by a punch of kids and their parents and yet there he was, daydreaming about all the ways he could get his hands under that white shirt.
Angel Grace.
With Cas' lust filled eyes on him he lifted one of his legs up higher, grinded himself down because Dean needed Cas to know what he did to him. Things he refused to say in words. The more want, the more desire he had for the Russian the filthier he found himself getting. Not many people got to see Dean like this, needy and inhibitions down. He hid his head in Cas’ thigh, his soft leg hairs brushed against Dean’s face.
“I didn’t know you watched gay porn.” Cas said, joining the conversation.
“I have to pick Charlie up in fifteen min –
He collects his papers. His checks his phone after it being on silent during the lecture.
“Shit,” he huffed. “Why you gotta tease me like that?”
“Like you said last night, who would believe you anyway?” Cas smirked. Dean liked the Russian’s smile. The tiniest lift of the side of his mouth was endearing. A smile he never saw outside of these four concrete walls they shared. His façade quick to drop when he alone with Dean. It made him think Cas trusted him.
Close to midnight Dean turned in, walking to the bedroom with tired sunken eyes. He’d try to sleep. Dean slipped off his clothes, climbed in under the duvet and started to drift off when he heard the door to the bedroom open Dean doesn’t stir. He's annoyed, pissed off and sleepy frustrated which was the worst kind, wanting to shout but no energy too.
He nodded. “Yeah.”
Cas opened it. He looked good, really good, in a loose white t-shirt, jeans and some more of his trademark striped socks. By the looks of his strung-out hair he’d just showered. Not the only one wanting to make somewhat of an impression.
There was a shout on the other end of the phone. A child’s shout.
“What a brave young man for coming out. He must be so happy to have someone as caring as you to help him with it. You’ll have to bring him next time. I’d love to meet him.” Mary smiled bright.
“Your dick wouldn’t be getting any if I didn’t help you out Dean.” Cas retorted. That was unfortunately true. He typed away, pretending to be Dean to Benny, setting up a date during the week. Not ten minutes later Cas handed back the phone. “There, Wednesday 6pm, his place. You’re welcome.”
“Dean Winchester alone at last,” The twang of a southern accent rang in his ears. Dean turned quick, met with the face of Alastair staring back at him, eyes wide, grin big. There were two others on either side of him with equally crazed looks in their eyes.
, lights out.”
He read out the recipe to Cas and Cas followed. Dean gave up leaning on the counter, legs getting tired and jumped up on it while Cas whisked the sugar and butter together. He didn’t protest for Dean to get down, so he stayed.
The last few seconds of that hand job were a bit blurry for them.
Cas set up the girls in the sitting room with sandwiches, juice boxes and apple slices along with Frozen while the grown-ups had their lunch in the dining room section of the kitchen with bigger sandwiches and cups of that delicious coffee Dean couldn’t get enough of. The brownies were cooling on a rack and the smell of chocolate filled the house.
“I’ll walk you back.” Dean gets up too. The other two make some comment Castiel misses but it leaves Dean with a hint of pink rising up his neck. He throws his rubbish at Sam and darts off before Sam can throw it back without littering. Dean wraps his hand around Castiel’s and Castiel shrugs it off immediately. Eyes dart around to ensure no one saw it.
“Nothin’” Dean replied, shoveling salt from a container in one of the outhouses into a wheelbarrow to de-ice the delivery routes. He shoveled more than he expected, on the lift he felt a cut under his peck split. He dropped the shovel, grabbing onto his chest. “Son of bitch!”
Cas’ voice was quiet. “I’m sorry I caused it.”
, in Purgatory. And sure, Cas might be able to catch him, but what Cas didn’t seem to realise was that in here he wasn’t the only man at the bottom of the cliff waiting for Dean to fall.
“You’ve never left Charlie for a night, have you?” Cas’ voice soft and tentative. This man could see through Dean like glass sometimes. It was a miracle Dean had managed to keep his crush hidden for as long as he did. He scratched his stubble.
“Never change Cas.”
Cas had one more command left to give.
Cas’ middle finger touched Dean’s wet lips, asking to be let in. Dean parted his mouth and Cas pushed in the finger, joining the other. He sucked down on them hard making Cas buck his hips up to rub freed dick under Dean’s clothed ass. Dean’s mouth fell open, Cas pulled his fingers out noticing the jolt of reality that coursed through him. They both paused, Cas trying to assess if Dean was ok and Dean trying to assess if he liked it or not. He sat down a little to test it out again. The feel of Cas’ cock there, just brushing, nothing more. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s hip to help him get the angle right, it being his first time trying this.
The smile that broke onto Cas’ face lit him up. Cas leaned down to kiss Dean chaste, lips still in contact as he spoke quietly, “That’s a good boy.”
“Big mistake Dean.” Gordon cracked his neck, eyes wide and focused in on Dean.
Dean underestimated his ability to forget things. Thursday, they exchanged four sentences, four max. Cas needed to get Claire home on time to see her other Dad. His usual hatred for the ex was replaced with gratitude that he wanted to spend time with his daughter. The less around Cas the better. Every syllable out of his mouth Dean could trace back to a noise he made the previous night.
Dean’s voice broke a little from the pet name.
“Charlie’s a strong kid Dean.”
Dean sat down, still remaining a bit of distance. “Someone’s in a mood,” he raised the cigarette to his lips to inhale. Cas locked it away for a later sketch. Something about Dean’s bowed lips were made for charcoals.
Cas’ chest rose and fell under Dean’s shoe, trying to get his breath back on the tiled floors. He looked like he was debating taking out Dean, which he probably could even now if he tried. Dean pressed a little harder, showing Cas he wasn’t playing, and Cas dropped his head onto the tiles, giving in or at least giving in for this moment. No doubt this would have some repercussions. Dean would deal with them. He was just glad they hadn’t killed each other.
“I’ll suffer through it for the sake of Stonewall.” Cas replied with a playful tone. Dean smiled, settling down on his stomach on Cas’ bed.
“I can’t when you...” Dean said voice broken and wrecked. The Russian pressed his head to Dean’s temple, his breathes hot and short like Dean’s. A small relief that at least Cas wasn’t as calm about this as Dean assumed then a hand dipped under Dean’s top, reaching down to skate over his chest, brushing over his nipple and Dean arched into that so fast, chasing that hand for that touch again. When the Russian gave it to him, fingers rolling his nipple gently Dean bit his lip so hard he tasted copper in his mouth.
He messaged Cas, hoping he had the same idea as him.
“I am not attracted to women.” Cas replied.
The yard started to take notice, roaring and shouting for a fight about to break out. The guards didn’t react. Dean kept running. Sam looked like he was about to hit the guy when Dean put his body in the way, right in the firing line of the Russian.
“Mornin’” Dean says voice still filled with sleep.
Dean nodded understanding. Cas was/is an orphan. He didn’t work in pity, assumed Cas didn’t either. It was said matter of fact rather than looking for some sympathy about it. He supposed he might as well be an orphan too at this rate, or at least in a few months he would be, unless the date got delayed. The cell lit up again and distracted from going down that hole of dark and twisty.
The words quietly left his mouth, floating the short distance for Dean to register. He watched those pretty green eyes flick side to side, as if remembering. He wanted Dean to remember, remember how good it felt, how Cas’ mouth felt around his cock and how the orgasm rose out of him like a demon being exorcised.
Dean woke up to soft kisses peppering the side of his face. They made the hair on his skin stand to attention, especially the one Cas planted under his jawline. He loved those ones, exposing more of his skin for Cas to get at.
“You’re my neighbor!” Dean says a little too enthusiastically and loud. The guy grabs his post and turns back around.
“What do you want me to do Dean? Take the videos down? If she knows then she knows. We can’t wipe her memory. We don’t own a Neuralyzer.”
She looked disappointed. “Such a shame, you could make a girl very happy with that big heart of yours.”
time. He hadn’t said someone’s name like that since Jess was in his life, not even Ruby got that kind of tone from Sam.
His heart tightens at the simple gesture, slots in where he was when he woke up.
He rolled his thumb over the head of Dean’s cock, eliciting a pearl of precum with ease. A dark smirk grew on Cas’ face watching Dean fall apart under his touch. The boy had collapsed back onto the bed, a hand thrown over his eyes and bottom lip snug between his teeth. It was better than Cas imagined. Dean was wrecked and already chasing Cas’ hand.
Dean linked his fingers through Cas’, bringing his hand up to kiss his knuckles.
rules?” his tone had changed. It was grittier, a ‘you don’t want to fuck with me today or any day’ tone. The somewhat interest he had in Dean vanished in a second. Dean felt his heart rate pick up, a deer in head lights. His instinct was to back down, but he couldn’t.
“I’m afraid of…” Cas paused trying to think of the word. “…angry wind and rain?"
He put one hand behind his head to lift it in order to get a good view of Dean, not wanting to miss this moment. “Lick along it with the flat of your tongue till you reach the top, then back down.”
“Oh, he’s got jokes ladies and gentlemen,” Gabriel looks around pretending there is an audience. Castiel wasn’t attempting to be funny. When he tries, he fails, when he doesn’t try, he succeeds. Gabriel grabs a cookie and grimaces at that too. He isn’t a fan of dark chocolate, again not enough sugar in it for him.
Ah. The project. Cas hadn’t done much with it since Dean had been over. They had time to finish it, not due till the end of semester. Apparently, it was a large chunk of their grade much to Cas’ demise. He took his hood down and slid his pencil behind his ear for safe keeping to think for a moment.
Cas squinted his eyes. “And yet you’re asking to be one, to be mine.”
The hand under his chin moved, a thumb rubbing along his jawline, the sensation of his stubble grazing against Cas’ skin was soothing. He had always been a tactile person, as much as he fought against it, not wanting to show that side of him it was there living under the surface. Dean leaned into it, seeking more of it from Cas if he was willing to give it. The touch stopped him from running away with his thoughts and feelings.
“I will.” Cas replied, waiting patiently, looking up at the ceiling to stop himself from forgetting. The longer he looked at Dean, the more he felt he slipped into having unhelpful thoughts. Thoughts that this was more than it was.
Cas went, rolling over onto his back to catch his breath. He licked his lips, savouring the mild salted taste of Dean. The bed shifted and Dean got up. Cas watched him pull his boxers and jeans back up with haste. His face flushed but brows furrowed. He grabbed his jacket and history book.
“Wanna taste you Cas.” He said.
After a mouthwatering plate of seafood, some laughs and a couple of beers Benny brought Dean into his room and fucked him.
Dean gulped. “What?”
Neither of them responded to the comment. He clicked his clicker and they went inside.
“Vy mozhete vytashchit' yego?” Gabriel spoke.
The photo showed up next on the chat window. He expected a photo from their dating profile. Cas had sent him a photo of the boy, man, boy-man sitting in a bar holding a beer and looking out in what Dean assumed to be the bar they were in. He was wearing a red baseball cap, definitely young but not worryingly. He scoffed at the image of Cas trying to subtly take a photo of the guy when he wasn’t looking. Also, it must be going terribly if Cas was messaging Dean while still on it.
“I mean, it has been a while,” Dean joined him in leaning. “Maybe my memory is a little foggy.” It had been, too long. He brought the cup up to his mouth.
How in the hell was Dean supposed to give Cas details about his blow job verbally and not get hard again? He picked up before it went to voicemail.
There was a knock on the door. “Occupied!”
“Easier, yes. As much fun? Unlikely.” He wasn’t going to get this phone back this way. If Dean wanted to play, he could oblige. How easy it would be for Castiel to kiss Dean’s neck right now, just below his ear where he remembers Dean liking from the lift, to take that smug look off of his face and replace it with something Castiel is dying to see again. He resists.
Dean sat up, gripping his friend’s shoulder. “It’s cool man, honestly just maybe lemme in on it next time, alright?”
“Shut up, you’re the reason I’m in here.”
“Better?”
The high school analogy rang true even as he walked up the steps to Cas’ house. The jitters, the butterflies, whatever you wanted to call them were moving their way inside of Dean. Along with the guilt of leaving Charlie for the night Dean was over thinking everything about this situation. He wondered if he should have talked to Sam before going ahead with this.
Something caught Dean’s attention. A scrap piece of paper. He lifted it out, unfolded it.
“You need to warm up too.”
In the crowd he spotted his friend, dancing with the girl from earlier, her back to his front. She grinded on him, his hands were on her hips, looking down at how her ass met his crotch. Dean eventually lifted his head, seeing Cas staring at him over Bart’s shoulder. This time he didn’t look away. His eyes dragged over he and Bart, seeing what they were doing, tongue coming out to lick his lips. Cas had a fantasy that Dean liked what he saw, maybe wished he was in Bart’s place, pressing his body against Cas’, feeling how hard Cas was for him on the dancefloor.
“Cas?”
He sighed. The conversation was dragging. Dean’s internalised homophobia ruining any fun Cas assumed they might be able to have. Perhaps the Dean he wanted to see would only come out in truly private spaces. Perhaps he just needed reminding how much he had actually wanted what had happened.
He likes his own place but knows he’d go insane if he had to stay in there for longer than a day by himself. Never gotten used to being on his own, had Sammy to look after, had his Dad to look after, he’s been around people all his life, even on the road he’d keep people around him through making friends or hooking up with someone with a nice ass and a pretty smile.
He bounced over to the other two, hugging them hello. Gabriel snatched Cas’ empty cup off of him, dunked the whole thing into the bowl and gave it back to him, spilling some of it onto the floor. “Bottoms up.”
Cas gave him a few more instructions to work with. His taste being the forefront. People liked different things about blowjobs and Cas told Dean what he liked. He listened attentively, nodding along to Cas’ words. How Cas liked it sloppy, mouth around his cock, saliva dripping down it, sucking the head a little, feeling his cock slide along the side of his hollowed cheeks, down as far as the person could take it. His perfect blowjob.
Dean went from not wanting to leave his kid to not wanting to leave Cas. They had an epic morning, slow sleepy kisses that turned into slow sleepy hand jobs then more making out under Cas’ incredible shower and to top it all off Cas made him pancakes for breakfast, with bacon.
“Dude?” Charlie waved his hand again.
“Somethin’ bout leavin’ em kill each other, save em guards a whole lot of trouble,” Someone replied over the shouting. “My guess is em guards don’t wanna be messing wit’em Russkies. Em crazy son o’ bitches.”
“A date would be nice,” Castiel replies. Dean’s eyes brighten at that, the smile on his face growing. “To make it up to me.”
No going back now.
They were driving to Dean’s home. He promised his brother he’d stop by, spend some time with him. Lucky enough he and Cas got along so he didn’t have to bear the thought of leaving Cas for a couple of days. They had spent the last month driving around the country and somehow the thought of two days apart didn’t sit right with him.
He got his breath back, staring up at his ceiling reeling in what just happened. Sex brain had quietened down, reality coming back to him with each intake of new air. Cas wasn’t saying anything, neither was he. It was becoming deafening now. What had just happened hung in between them. One of them had to break it.
“You enjoying the view?” He asked, letting his fingers trail over stomach without much direction or destination. Cas’ eyes followed the movements of it. His gaze was heavy, slightly predatory. Dean widened his legs a bit, enough for Cas to slot into and took a hold of his cock. The tiniest of moans left his glistened lips from the contact. He watched Cas watching his cock slide in and out of his grasp. It felt like hours were passing between them.
Sam let himself in with his own key.
“Cas, I’m close.”
“Derzhat’ yego za ruki.” Cas said. The other two moved to pull the guys hands off of his face.
“I’m not betting on you being quiet.” Sam replied.
Well, he never looked back on what he could escape. Gabriel was something he couldn’t escape though if he were to admit it, he would be ok with the fact Gabriel wanted him around. He was exhausting most of the time but Castiel was low on the friend front, having a total of… well one. So, he suffered through Gabriel’s constant need of attention and entertainment. It also meant he got an endless supply of free baked goods.
A few beers in and Cas’ level of tipsy increased to an adequate level to initiate an explicit conversation with Dean. Explicit being asking him his thoughts on giving Cas head and filming it for the internet to see. His friend had been more than elated when Cas broke the good news about the money in his PayPal account. Also jumping to the immediate thought that they could get a new sofa. He hoped seeing the financial benefits of their venture would open him up the possibility of giving Cas head. More views more money and all that.
“Hello?” he called out.
He feels Dean’s warm skin under his touch, feels where the sweat has clung to it from his manual job and the short stubble grazing his thumb. Castiel pictures Dean’s stubble grazing other parts of his skin, would it burn, would it leave a mark, questions he sorely wants answers to. He could write a poem alone on how Dean’s teeth hold his bottom lip in place, voluntarily gagging himself from Castiel.
“Will you let me put my mouth here?” Cas asked, hands delving deeper into Dean’s pants, getting a grip on the meat of his cheeks.
Cas doesn’t respond. He’s walking and breathing, that’ll do Dean for now till they get back.
hard.” Her voice crumbles. “It feels like no matter how much I study it just won’t go in.” more tears fall.
He was, a terrible one especially when this turned on. Cas had been in his ear talking about fucking somebody in all the ways Dean wanted Cas to fuck him. How could he not be turned on? He made himself feel better by hoping that Cas had asked because he wanted Dean to be. He could make himself believe just about anything. Delusions and denial were his friends. Also, his sex brain was seriously enjoying the idea of Cas knowing Dean was hard.
“It’s my name Dean, my name is Castiel.”
He palmed it, letting it swell in his hand.
“And I couldn’t help thinking it was me,” he kept going, rambling off truths he had kept to himself for weeks “That it was me you were fucking against the stall, holding, choking, jacking off, filling up, I wanted it to be me so bad Cas.”
“It would be a meaningless task trying to convince you otherwise I’m guessing?” he put his phone away to continue walking. Meg followed him, quickening her pace to keep up with his long strides.
He noticed Cas was still hard. Maybe his debt wasn’t repaid just yet.
“Castiel is actually the name of an angel.” Cas replied, a small smile made its way to his face.
“If I say that to him, will he piss off too?” Dean asked planting himself in the chair. He ran a hand over his hair trying to soothe himself back to some rational state of calm. The heat nearly made him sweat through his clothes, his hair damp from it.
His current erection enjoyed that very much. Fuck, he was gonna do it. He paused the video, put his beer on his desk that was closer to reach than the side table and shimmied his sweats and boxers down…wait, shimmied his sweats down, leaving his boxers on. Yeah, he’d mimic Cas’ movements. His dick throbbed at that idea.
The only safe haven he has is the bakery where he hides out on Saturday eating more cookies than he has sense. Gabriel and Kevin are busy serving customers out front, Castiel hides in the back reading his book and enjoying his broken dark chocolate chip cookies.
The exam went as well as it could. Dean wasn’t after top grades, all he had to do was pass to get into the police academy. A degree was needed, the grade on that degree they didn’t seem too concerned about. He and Jo were discussing the exam while they walked through campus. The sun beating down on them. He stripped his shirt off, tying it around his waist.
The back door to the kitchen opened and Balthazar walked out for a cigarette break. Dean got an idea.
Fuck.
God, it was embarrassing enough having to listen to them talk to each other like they’ve known each other their whole damn lives let alone have to look at it. It was when he confronted Cas, he couldn’t stand it anymore. The confused look on his’ face, his stupid cute head tilt when he’s trying to keep up with Dean. Why would he tell Gabriel, the love of his freaking life, about something as meaningless as what they’ve been doing, like it was nothing to him. So yeah, maybe Dean was the dumbass after all.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh at that. No matter how dark his thoughts had been just now, he couldn’t help cracking up at the sight, trying not to laugh too loudly because that might irritate his poor mare as well. She did seem rather unimpressed, however.
He also told him about Cesar and Jesse, and even about Leanne because, as trivial as it may have been, Dean did not want to keep anything from Cas, and Cas wanted to hear it all; about Allan and how it had been he who gave Dean hope that, one day, he may find happiness again, too. Cas understood, and every detail Dean shared - significant or mundane - seemed to fill Cas with wonder, admiration, and relief that Dean had gone on living, had gotten that chance to be free and move on towards a long and fulfilled life. Even if Cas had never returned.
“Does that have anything to do with the big thing you mentioned?”
“Good thing you’re such a nerd.”
Leanne had been right about that part, her “me, myself, and I” motto she was going to follow for a while. Surprisingly, the longer Dean was on the road on his own, he found that it became a lot easier to approach life that way. Of course, not indefinitely; he didn’t want to spend his life alone, but he damn well was going to be more unapologetic about putting himself and his own needs first, every once in a while.
“No, shut up, Cas. Because if you don’t I might never get this out.” Dean said quickly, his voice raw and harsh with emotion, but then he hesitated, licked his lips again - and this was
“I can’t believe it,” Alejandro replied, though, again, Dean was confident he did, incredulous though he was.
“It’s a protective symbol,” Alejandro said, still only addressing the topic vaguely, and Dean prodded on.
“So, funny thing,” Sam started with that innocent, casual tone of his that forebode nothing good, “Heterosexual though I am, I somehow seem to have a better gay-dar than you do.”
Maybe he
Dean gave his brother a self-satisfied look. “See, no need for Spanish lessons,” he said and then approached. “Hi, we just got down here from the States and were wondering if there’s a nice place to stay around here. Nothing fancy, just a small guesthouse or hotel.”
He barely noticed how Dean just collapsed on top of him, breathing hard, hat having come off, and, for a few more seconds, he did not find the energy to even lift his arms and wrap them around Dean, or move in any other capacity for that matter.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Dean replied nonchalantly, “still got plenty of other people around at the bunker, and it’s not like we’ll be out of each other’s lives completely.”
Dean frowned softly as he shook himself awake. “Reading, again? You’re such a nerd, you know that? You should be Sam’s boyfriend.”
“Yeah, uh, I don’t think they’re hotels. Looks more like private accommodation. We should have booked those in advance.”
Soon, as he’d picked up a steady rhythm, Dean could hear those little moans become slightly louder. Alejandro’s hand reached for his head, fingers raking through his hair and urging him on, and, damn, he was painfully hard in his own shorts by now, hearing, seeing, and feeling how Alejandro responded.
He knew whom he was facing even before his eyes had fully opened. It was both a comfort and a shock to see Jack standing there in front of him. The golden glow that Cas had previously only felt was now clearly visible around Jack. It was like a halo but also both brighter and gentler.
There was neither any use nor time contemplating this for much longer, though. As they entered the building, the owner greeted them warmly -  she was a short but wiry woman, a few years older than them. After some introduction to the staff, both Sam and Dean were led outside to the stables.
He went to check his phone, and the first thing he saw as he unlocked the screen was that photo of Cas. Dean had to swallow the knot of sadness forming in his throat, torn between closing it and continuing to look. He felt something prickle in his nose, but, despite the tightness he felt in his chest, a small smile formed on his lips as well.
having a kind of midlife crisis, he thought two evenings later. If anyone was entitled to having one, then it was definitely him who had literally just ended the most significant, dominating, and all-consuming era of his life. It was probably natural that he felt lost and clueless, sometimes even to the point of wanting to ask
“It’s past ten,” Sam replied a little teasingly. “Dude, since when do you sleep that long? You rarely used to get more than five or six hours.”
Alejandro gave him a noticeably sympathetic but luckily not pitying smile. “Yeah, well, never too late to make up for it. And I’m very sure there are no monsters here, so… what do you say?”
They reached the general store in Lebanon just a moment later, and Dean went in to get beer and snacks while Sam ran across the street to buy some burgers. When they both met back at the Impala, Sam snorted out a chuckle at seeing the big apple pie and a lemon cake in one of the bags. Dean just shrugged.
“So, not that I’m not glad to hear from you, but is there a reason you’re calling?” Cesar then went on, as Dean hadn’t said anything, “Because if it’s about a hunt, then we’re not--”
It was hard, and it made him cringe at himself, but finally, Dean nodded. “Yeah okay. That’s-- uh… thanks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He also really had no idea what to play.
planned, initially, but one of you loyal readers suggested it at some point (or I think maybe even two of you?), and it really was a good idea. I just wasn't sure how to include this little surprise, but the occasion here worked quite well for it.
In all his life - Dean realized - he had never had a
They had a good time watching the flick, sitting on Alejandro’s bed, though Dean had already seen it before. During a few scenes and moments, however, he had to think of Cas and what he would have made of it, probably not understanding the - admittedly - very particular kind of humor. Although he still didn’t want to give in to the impulse to think of Cas too much, there was also an ache in him to not forget, to not just push and push and push back every single memory of him until all of them would fade to grey eventually. He just still didn’t know how to find the middle ground here, honor and treasure his memory but not suffocate under the loss.
The bloody handprint, now nearly black from having dried, was still there. He knew it was silly, knew he couldn’t just keep the jacket like this, but… he also knew he couldn’t bring himself to put it in the laundry. Couldn’t bring himself to remove the last material reminder of Cas.
“What I’m saying is,” Dean continued when Cas still hadn’t spoken again, “this is new. It’s just… different. So, uh, yeah, taking things slow sounds good to me.” He winced briefly and rolled his eyes at himself, and Cas had to laugh softly again. “Which doesn’t mean I don’t want to!” he quickly clarified. “Because I do. I want to do all that… everything with you. But--”
Dean tried, but he was often more serious these days. There was always something in the back of his mind, so clearly visible on his features every time he looked at Cas, although he tried to hide it behind small encouraging smiles and little caring gestures. A snack here, a bottle of beer there, a question about whether he needed something, felt cold or too warm, was comfortable with his room, and all the other mundane little things to help Cas settle into his human life.
And then it came. A playfully affronted “Jerk”. Something Dean hadn’t heard out of his brother’s mouth in a long time, and it instantly made him feel nostalgic. Made him feel a whole lot lighter. Some things, no matter what life held in store for them over the years, apparently never changed.
What Dean did, though, was pull Alejandro’s tank top over his head, for the first time seeing the other man’s naked torso completely. Dark hair covered his chest evenly, not overly thick, and trimmed very short. From where it ended along his ribs, a fine trail led down around his navel and further - he had already caught a glimpse of that yesterday. Alejandro had a slender but athletic build, a six-pack not overly defined but clearly visible under his tan skin, and Dean felt a tiny bit self-conscious. A little less so when Alejandro placed hungry kisses all along his chest, at every bit of skin he exposed with each opened button until Dean’s shirt slid from his shoulders, too.
Dean knew that he’d never find anyone else like Cas, and after how things had ended with Alejandro, he also didn’t just want a person to settle for as the next best thing. It wouldn’t be fair to them.
“There’s a kitchen in the cabin, but if you want a warm meal tonight, you’ll probably have to head up to Hamilton Beach or the Northern Peninsula. There are a few good places up there. These days, the café is only open a few hours in the morning and afternoon for coffee and snacks. I’ll go get your cabin ready and meet you there when you’re ready. It’s the last one down to the right,” he said, pointing in the general direction. “You can park right in front of it. And it’ll be a twenty percent deposit for both nights. You can pay with Patty.”
“I know. I’m fucking hilarious,” Dean replied smugly and then turned his head to look at his brother briefly, squinting against the bright light. “It’s actually a pretty good name.”
“Did she find you a place?” Dean asked as soon as Sam was within earshot, ignoring the small sense of anxiety that gnawed at the back of his mind.
“Sure. I’m gonna make a complete jackass of myself for you,” Dean said with a grin and a shrug and saw the smile on Alejandro’s face turn wider.
“It’s gonna feel strange at first,” Jesse finished for Cesar, who nodded at that, as Jesse continued, “we wanted to do this for so long, but as soon as we left you and your brother that day and drove down here, it all felt… It felt wrong at first. Like I was being selfish for wanting things for myself instead of risking my neck to save people.”
stuff I’ve pirated. Fuck capitalism.”
“Okay,” Alejandro said after a while when Dean hadn’t continued, not yet ready to talk about the issue at hand. “Okay. So…”
“Hey, hey,” Alejandro said, coming closer and kneeling behind Dean, wrapping one arm around his shoulder. “I know you don’t. You’ve proven your stamina rather well the other nights,” he said close to Dean’s ear, the smile audible in his voice. “But something’s bothering you
Alejandro chuckled. “Yeah, no. You do look ridiculous. Like a proper tourist.” He leaned in a little more closely and continued in barely more than a whisper, “But you also still look ridiculously good.”
“Then what did he mean by it? He seemed upset when I told him he wasn’t.”
“That definitely wasn’t noise. It was very pleasant to listen to,” he said, and Dean had to let out a small, somewhat bashful laugh at that.
something he could be doing with that -  but more than surprise, he felt… a challenge.
“He told me he loved me,” Dean got out quickly, feeling a weight lift off his shoulders at the same time as a jab of shame pooled in his stomach.
“I’m not,” Dean replied, smirking.
“I don’t know,” he said after a long pause in which Sam waited patiently. “I mean… there was nothing he ever said in so many words. But--”
This is the last chapter of "part III". Which means we're going to reach the last big sequence after this.
he started typing,
Dean regarded him for a moment in the dim light of the bar - the shadows it cast on Alejandro’s face. There was a definite masculinity to it but also softness, a mixture that Dean found very pleasing to the eye. His thick but not bushy brows slightly furrowed over his dark brown eyes, high cheekbones, five-day scruff making his jaw look more angular. Nicely shaped, neither thin nor remarkably full lips. Lips that now formed a subtle, expectant smile as he surely by now must know Dean did not have another drink in mind, and his gaze that traveled down to Dean’s own mouth.
Dean let out a small chuckle, looking down at the amber colored liquid in his glass and swirling it slowly. “I’ve done construction work before. And I guess I could always work as a mechanic somewhere. I’ve rebuilt and repaired Baby more times than I can count.”
I do have a favour to ask, though. So many of you (and the other readers I have who comment in the discord server I'm in) have said that they love this fic despite their initial reservations, since Dean was going to be with someone else at first. All of you have also expressed that you love Alejandro (which makes me incredibly proud, since he's all mine). However, I guess what almost kept you from reading this may be what keeps others from doing so. So what I would really love, if you are up to it and have the time, is for you to recommend this fic to others, maybe make a little post about it on tumblr or elsewhere. If you do, please tag me. I'm leandra-winchester on there. I'd be really, really grateful if some of you decided to do this!
Even though Dean, naturally, was no stranger to the feeling of a dick growing hard in his hand, it still felt amazing touching, not his own but somebody else’s. Especially when Alejandro pressed his head back into the pillow and let out a deep, drawn-out moan that Dean caught with his mouth a second later. He kissed him deeply but with as much patience and deliberation as he could muster, as his hand slid under the waistband of Alejandro’s underpants. He felt the equally trimmed, coarse hair under his fingertips, and then the hardness of Alejandro’s erection fill his fist as he slid it up once, twice.
is alive. Against all odds, and let me tell you, there were many. So that’s something, right? Everything else is in the past. Hakuna Matata.”
put some thought into it, then Dean would have seen even more of a connection, would have seen the destructive energy and how he, very often, had felt like everything good in his life, everything he had wanted to protect and keep, had been turned into ash sooner or later.
doze off with just the sound of the flames crackling in the fireplace.
Dean rolled his eyes as he’d taken the first gulp of beer. “Of course he did. You told him we’re not, though, right?”
“Just the way you talked about him. Or didn’t talk about him earlier.”
The follow-up is set 1.5 years in the future and covers the most important details of things I have been imagining in Cas and Dean's future ever since I started writing this fic, some of which have been vaguely foreshadowed in this fic. ;-)
Alejandro let out a chuckle, paired with an exasperated mock-sob, as he turned around and buried his face against Dean’s chest, and Dean just had to laugh. He sank back onto the towel and pulled Alejandro into his arms, glad to soon feel his lips on his skin and a hand caressing his chest and stomach.
“I’ve never given one before, don’t know how good I’d be at it.”
“C’mon, in you get,” He gestures for Cas to move. Cas does, crawls to the space where the duvet is pulled back and lets Dean drop the duvet over him. “Got you a glass of water, a bowl, think you’re all set.” Dean says. He’s about to say goodnight when Cas’ hand reaches for his.
Zachariah counted them in, and they were locked inside.
Dean put his hands up. “Yeah, we’ll see about that.”
to the end of that sentence. That night hadn’t been spoken about it since it happened. They went back to their normal lives though admittedly Dean found himself unable to stay in Cas’ room for longer than five minutes before his mind started to wander. That was inside Dean, on the outside he was cool as a cucumber.
“Oh yeah,” Dean leaned up to kiss the underside of Cas’ jaw, then scooted himself out of car. Before he got out, he looked over his shoulder, “I’m not starting my final year without knowing what you feel like inside of me.”
He grinded his hips down, meeting the Russian’s that was pressing up, their growing erections meeting in the middle pulling a groan from Cas that he tried to mask in a bite on Dean’s skin. It was rec-time, they had to be somewhat discrete even if chances were Balthazar was making sure no one was going to be passing this cell anytime soon.
“Enough of that whistling boy, driving me insane.” Bobby replies.
He waited for Dean to speak, which he did once he was finished scratching at his jaw and pulling at the strands of his hair. “You hungry?”
His daughter looked at them, trying to decide what titles to give them. She had a great imagination, which usually meant it took her too long to decide, too many options to work with. Dean got down beside her to help her out, whispering some suggestions in her ear that he thought would be suiting to their friends. She seemed to like them and stood to attention, embodying a queen who was about to anoint. Dean stood tall too, playing along with his daughter who was clearly enjoying herself. He could feel Cas smirking up at him.
He didn’t disappoint.
He totally had the hots for his gay best friend.
His phone starts ringing.
“What a bunch of sorry sons of bitches we got here.” He bellowed out.
stuff…” Dean isn’t looking at him, staring at a spot on the ground. The last time he did that Castiel had upset him. That snaps him out of his train of thought.
The bell rang for lunch to end. They both stood up. Dean threw away his cigarette.
“Relax lev.” Cas whispered low enough for just the two of them to hear. Somehow the pet name helped. Being called lev by Cas was something he missed being in the Empty. The name meant Cas was content and Dean liked being the reason Cas was feeling that way. Maybe he could be a decent enough prag for the Russian after all. Making them happy was part of the job description.
“A comment.”
And with that Cas moved out of each other’s grips, to the top drawer of his bedside table to take out a bottle of lube and tear off a condom from the strip he had. This was it. Dean flipped himself, grabbing two pillows, one to put under his hips, the other for something to hold onto. The bed dipped again. Cas was kneeling behind him. The silence had returned, apart from Dean’s heart in his ears he could hear the bottle cap popping open, the sound of the lube being squirted onto Cas’ fingers.
Dean looked around, saw her standing there in her favourite polka dot pajamas, hair a mess from tossing and turning in her sleep. “What’s wrong kiddo?”
“I’m going to…” Cas stuttered out. Dean nodded, hand reaching down to get at his own neglected cock, wanting to fall over this edge with Cas. Always wanting to find euphoria together if they could. He came as Cas spilled into Dean’s mouth, throat coating in his cum and Dean swallowed all of it, sucking Cas’ dick till the Russian pushed him away from it being too much.
“Because everyone’s been talking about you, your ears are burning,” Dean pushed the letter away from him done with it for now. He shuffled the chair back so he could put his feet up on the desk in front of him to relax. All he’s missing is a nice cold beer and some classic rock.
Dean’s head dropped to Cas’ crotch. His erection pressed against his slim fitted jeans. He was actually debating it. It sent a thrill through Cas. Again, the slip lasted a moment, maybe two and then he forcefully shook his head, like the thought disgusted him. What a shame.
“It’s a stressful time.” Castiel knows, he’s been in her shoes.
“Yeah, in for 6am.” His brother padded down the hall towards his bedroom. When he heard the faint sound of the door close, he opened up his phone, sending a text message.
“I might know.” Bobby answered carefully.
“You’re out.”
“Fuck Cas –
appeared below the message he sent. The breath he had been holding let out audibly then three dots started to do the Mexican wave on his computer screen.
When he turned 18 and inherited his parent’s fortune, he packed his one bag and never looked back. That was over 10 ago now.
They’re hooked, completely and utterly insatiable for the other.
Cas doesn’t respond. He doesn’t know what he was even looking for in a response, it’s not like Cas can deny it. He saw it, with his own eyes. When he can’t take the silence any longer, he walks away defeated to sit on the edge of his bed, head hanging low between his shoulders. He’s too tired to tell Cas to piss off, get out of his apartment and his life, go back to avoiding each other, go back to when he didn’t need to know what made Cas tick. When he didn’t think this small spark could turn into an almighty fire between them if they took the time to let it grow.
“You’re bleeding.” his voice concerned, and Dean doesn’t have the strength to keep fighting. He wants to get cleaned up, he wants to go to sleep and pretend today never happened.
When he’s sure the smudge is gone and can no longer justify touching Dean in that way, he takes his thumb back. Dean’s wide eyed and staring at Castiel like he isn’t quite sure what quite what just happened and Castiel isn’t quite sure he can answer it anyway. The lift door opens. They don’t seem to notice, trapped in the air of what has unfolded between them.
“Can we pretend it’s a thunderstorm just for tonight?”
He collapsed back onto the bed completely spent and boneless. He heard faint noises, footsteps around him, laptop lids closing, doors opening, footsteps getting quieter, then louder again as the door creaked open. A warm cloth touched his stomach. He hummed enjoying the feel of Cas cleaning him up. Sex hazed brain, riding a high he never wanted to come down from.
“Hell yeah I’m sure, why? You wanna back out?”
Last chapter! Sorry it took so long to update. You know how it is sometimes, life, pandemic, the usual stuff.
He told Gabriel to make himself scarce when he got back. Gabriel didn’t need to be told twice, already grabbing the keys to his car and teasing Cas to not do anything he wouldn’t which if he really thought about it wasn’t much. He went for his run, ran till his lungs burned and then ran some more, throwing up just shy of his back garden and he tried not to think too hard as to why he did that. His shower was cold, but he needed it to be and when he got back to his bedroom Dean was sitting on the edge of his bed playing with his hands, jacket and shoes already taken off.
Being pushed up against walls had turned into muscle memory for Dean, it meant sex, it meant good times but right now all he wanted was to punch Cas in the face yet his body betrayed him, heat rising up his neck at the sign of strength from his friend, his lover. Their bodies this close always set him off. He licked his lips, unaware of the move till he clocked Cas’ eyes darting down to them.
He leaned his head over the bunk, peered down to Cas sitting up with a book in his hand. The blood started to rush to his head looking upside down like this.
“Cas, stop, you don’t want to do this.” Dean tried to reason with him.
“You’re the most stubborn son of a bitch I know!”
“So needy for me, look at you Dean, such a bottom aren't you? You're beautiful when you're like this,” his voice broke Dean, made him boneless, like every syllable was turning Dean into mush on top of him. He could feel his orgasm coming and started to thrust into Cas’ hand more. Cas groaned from the sight of him, so needy to cum. “You close?”
He ran his hand down the side Dean’s left flank, soothing him as his impatience grew, on the next run down his lean chest Cas moved to take Dean’s erection in his hand. Dean broke the kiss, heading shooting back into the pillows to let out a deep groan.
“Dean, you’re going to be late.” Cas was saying one thing, though his hands seemed to be doing something else entirely, pulling Dean into his space some more.
Cas huffed. “He is making my life very difficult.”
“You.”
He looked down at his dick. Apparently, the answer to that was yes.
The Russian kissed the nape of his neck. “I missed you too lev.”
More muffling.
The Empty was solitary confinement. Twenty-three and a half hour days locked inside a concrete cell that had a window up too high you couldn’t even see out of it. Your bed was on the floor, no desk, no nothing. A mattress, a toilet and a sink. That was it. Prisoners got sent there for breaking the rules. Dean liked to run his mouth, had an attitude problem and some of the other prisoners weren’t a fan of it. Gordon in particular wasn’t a fan of it. They had come to blows more than once, this time it was not different. Gordon shoving Dean in the yard, muttering something about being a white pussy and Dean couldn’t let that slide. Not in here, in here you can’t let anything slide.
“Dean, where you going?” Sam asked from his cell, noticing that Dean was going in the opposite direction to the kitchen.
Castiel fumbles back to the bed. Dean stirs.
“You like it when I touch you.” He noted. He swiped his thumb along Dean’s bottom lip, feeling how coated in spit it was. Dean nodded, bobbing his head that had Cas clenching his muscles at the sudden new sensation it brought now most of his cock was in Dean’s mouth.
“What are you waiting for?” the guy asked, he made a come-hither gesture.
The more Dean responded. The heavier Cas’ mouth got. Those subtle kisses and teeth grazes being replaced by bites and long licks and Dean was crumbling after each one, hands gripped so tight onto the metal rod holding him up as Cas did his worst to Dean. Control becoming a distant memory as Cas licked under Dean’s armpit, something Dean never experienced before and now needed it more in his life than he thought possible.
“Yes Dean,” Cas leaned back returning to his burrito. “Not a thread I tend to go on, but it is quite popular in the gay community.”
“Eh,” he looked around to the other occupied benches near them. “We’re in public?”
Maybe next time.
His friend leaned off of the door frame, moving to the kitchen with purpose. “Gonna need some whiskey for this one, lots of whiskey.”
“You got anymore beers my friend?” Benny asks. He’s leaning against the wall chatting to Ash about the possibility of getting his record erased from some database. Dean did wonder why Bobby paid him off the books, now he knows why.
“This is true.” Cas licked the palm of his hand then reach back down to get a hold of Dean again. He inhaled through gritted teeth, hips once again failing to lift up into the Russian’s hand. He swore he could hear Cas snigger quietly to himself, like he was purposefully toying with him, well two could play at that game.
“Do you really want me to stop?” he questioned Dean as he started to undo his belt like it personally offended him. His hands went to his buttons, popping each one, “Because I don’t think you do,” Cas reached into Dean’s boxers, taking a hold of his aching cock. “I think you want this, don’t you Dean?”
“Ow that hurt.” Dean winced, rubbing his chest.
He could feel Cas smile on his shoulder. Cas removed himself from Dean, falling back onto the bed. Dean turned around to see Cas lying there, one hand behind his head, the other reaching for his cock. If Dean had the balls, he’d call Cas beautiful too, hot didn’t seem to cut it. He was so much more than it.
He lifted the hem of his shirt up to wipe some of the sweat off of his face. Cas watched him, inhaling the cigarette. His cold blues on Dean in that way he had missed, like Cas was imaging his mouth on Dean again, especially considering the amount of sweat Dean had on him. He looked down at his exposed upper body, smirking. “Enjoying the view?” he questioned playfully.
The following two days Dean had been absent from school, not that Cas was all that surprised. He rarely attended a full week at school and was probably having an internal freak out that Cas’ mouth had been on his cock.
A moan escaped Dean’s mouth with Cas’ words. He couldn’t help it, didn’t want to help it, the feel of Cas’ finger pressed inside of him and the praising name rendered Dean to this state. Submissive, wilful, anything Cas wanted him to be.
The silence was getting to him, not hearing Cas voice, his praises and commands was eating away at Dean the more he ground himself down. He wanted to know he was going a good job, wanted to hear how wrecked Cas was from him, wanted to be Cas’ good boy. He couldn’t take it anymore, to hell with the game.
A noticeable silence hung between the phone lines.
Sweet as Heaven was Gabriel’s bakery. He claimed the name was a big F you to the orphanage. Irony was always lost on Castiel.
