''Ok,'' I mutter, picking up the forms and scanning the intake notes warily. Almost feeling as if they could bite me.
''But how - how do I do that?,'' I asks, awkwardly. ''I mean-,'' and his fingernails scratch against the lettering on the glass.
Or at least there is nothing for a minute, maybe two minutes. And then I hear Sherlock's door unlock.
''Sherlock,'' I try again, a little louder this time; I am rewarded by his slight stirring. His mouth works, back and forth, and he opens his eyes in confusion.
Three mochas and two biscotti later, I am halfway through the first book - the one on working through romantic relationships with a previous victim of abuse - when my cell phone begins to chirp. I glance down quickly, surprised that Sherlock would be calling me at all. Honestly, I would have bet that he'd want to be left alone for a fair amount of time, just to calm down, and sort his thoughts. Like I seemingly need to do.
"Why does it disturb you that I care about them? That I care about those kids?," his baritone voice is flat. Dead. "That I care about little boys who've been hurt like that? Why does it disturbs you that I can feel something for them? Do you just think I am beyond caring in general?"
Sherlock's hands have grasped onto my wrists now and I can't help but take in how cold and clammy they are.
He had collapsed on his school track. The doctors at the clinic he had been taken to determined that he had micro-fractures in both legs and yet, he had continued to jog on broken legs. Eventually, he had to stop running due to severe pain and bone shard fragments that had lead to sudden swelling and immobilization in his legs.
''What's wrong with me, John?,'' I repeat the question with greater insistence. My throat burns with the sandwich, with the cheese.
'It was a fatal-automobile-accident, my dear sir,' my mind supplies, my eyes seizing on all the red, and wanting to think of other topics, other things. Even ridiculous things. 'We're so sorry for your loss, but we couldn't save him.'
''I want to stop now, please,'' I get out at last. I am - in this moment - here and not here. I am 8, and I am 36, and I feel everything and I feel nothing.
“Like-,” and my voice is rough – my mouth suddenly parched. “I want to vomit. Like I am sick of looking in the mirror and seeing my own face, my own flesh. I look and I hate-,” my voice bites off.
''Okay. Well, good,'' Lestrade starts awkwardly. ''Then we are situated in the conference room. B17. Come as soon as you are ready. You seem to put Mrs. Thiesen at ease.''
Oddly enough, that makes my resolve harden more so. It makes the sad feeling in my gut lessen. It makes it easier to feel anger and not pain. Because if he is in pain-
The knowledge that John has read all of this before, has processed it, and is firmly aware of aspects of my formative years – the worst portions – make me feel almost light headed.
Oyster card in hand, he passes through the first gate of the terminal and walks over to the station platform.
''Does he gets upset when you eat, or does he get upset when you don't eat what he considers to be an adequate amount?''
But if I start this discussion on a note that indicates that I don't really think he understands his own emotions, then we likely will not have any sort of civil discussion at all.
Sherlock pulls his knees up to his chest, looks down and over to my shoes - training his sight on something neutral. Something that cannot contemplate his words; an inanimate object that can never shocked at such an admission.
''Right. Well, he seemed unduly interested in talking to me. I take it, in some capacity you've mentioned me. Even just my first name?''
''Good,'' John supplies, securing the hold, securing the blanket around me. ''Not so cold now, are you?''
I suddenly feel winded. I suddenly feel as if I have fallen from a substantial height, and all the air of my lungs has been evacuated. All this time, I had assumed the primary fear was in the superficial aspects of growing up.
''Shitty case, Lestrade. Not even Sherlock could be in good spirits with a kid involved. I mean, he's not that socially out of it. And he's not cruel.''
Since he's devoted much of his life and energies to caring and protecting one of the people I care the most about in the entire world - I also can't help but consider Mycroft my friend, now, too.
''You need some warmer garments,'' I supplied readily, and he frowned, looked up at me sharply. ''Or more padding on your frame. Not sure, really.''
But I have no idea how Sherlock has come to make sense of his ordeal, and if this could have been part of his worry.
''You said,'' I whisper, looking about for Jake-the-watchful, and realizing he's gone back to the dish-room. ''You said I have to talk to John about something. I don't understand-,'' and my voice breaks off, cleanly. I pause, and reconsider what I need to say. ''What is it that you don't think I have shared with John? What do you think I am hiding?,'' I grit out.
His eyes are scanning the top of the wall now, as if looking for patterns. Likely another coping mechanism, so I don't call him on it.
''He's going to need an internal exam - and we are going to have to inform the mother as soon as possible.''
'Good boy,' he whispers, his mouth turning into a growly bear mouth. His teeth becoming shark teeth. If I run, he will bite me. He will rip me to shreds and cut off my legs. Snap. Twig legs will break. That's what the Martian told me before. 'If you fight me, I will break your legs.' That's what the Martian said last time, when I was loud.
''But I can't lie to you any longer, either,'' he rambles on, the anxiety building to a fever pitch. ''I told myself I wouldn't. I just can't do it tonight, though, please. No more of it. It's too much.''
''I don't want to stress him, or lecture him, or even necessarily speak to him! I just want to see him, Mycroft.''
I take the call with reservations. I don't want to leave Sherlock here, with the kid, all alone. We both know what's coming, and I also know he won't leave Toby during the exam. Perhaps everyone else will be absent - likely the less people around, the easier this will be for the boy - but Sherlock looks committed to seeing this through. I can feel the determination come off him in waves.
''Or it could mean that he's just not bleeding any longer or bleeding enough to have raised the suspicions of the attending physician,'' I get out, my throat and chest abnormally tight. ''And a child that's been abused for a long time would very likely not fight back if sexual abuse was commonplace, so there wouldn't necessarily been any bruising on the thighs or rest of the body if the abuse was routine.''
So I crunch up four butterscotch Gaviscon tablets underneath my tongue, then swallow them down dry; feel them foam up in my stomach, and will this hunger to depart.
I name the little boy Sherrinford, and urge him to remain seated with the marmalade cat for just a while longer.
''I don't know what's going on,'' he says tightly, nudging the blocks with his hand so they line up.
''No,'' I huff, ''the yogurt didn't make you sick. You ignored a bleeding ulcer, Sherlock. For god knows how long. One of your doctors told me that part of your stomach was necrotic. That doesn't happen overnight, and that doesn't go unnoticed.''
I wait until I see his form race into 221 B, and I watch carefully, my eyes fluttering about for John. But ten minutes later, there is still no...companion.
''You're going to smell like an orchard in a few minutes. Then I'll be wanting you all over again.''
"Firstly - and I want to get this out of the way right now: John has gone to bat for you. That's why you are sitting here at all, and not on my scrapped list."
''Well, he may not be a believer himself. His mum's side was, and so he was sent to a Catholic boarding school. When he was quite little too, if I remember correctly.''
''How about you come a tad closer to the door? Your mum and dad tell me there are heavy things in there; they are worried something might fall and hurt you.''
Even the beauty of music would have been contaminated to him now. And that was another saving grace for me: my music. It was free of pain and untainted and consoling and beautiful.
''Oh, he's good at covering for it, John. But his mind works differently than ours, and I guess I knew he needed the help.''
I know he is; I recognize the look plastered on his face. The reserved acceptance when you are presented with two options, neither very attractive, so you are trying to convince yourself to just get the least disruptive task completed.
''You know,'' I am trying something, and I have no idea if it will work, but it's worth a shot. ''When I was a child - about 7 - I got this subsidized camp placement. I got to go to Brighton, and I camped with Cubs and Scouts in a little cabin by the beach. Anyway, it was the first time I had ever been away from home for any length of time, and I was just terrifically homesick the entire time. I can still recall how my stomach felt all tight and wound up, and at night I had a horrible time falling asleep. A few nights I even woke up with a sob in my throat. After about three or four nights of this - and mind you, camp was only for just over a week for us, at that age - one of the counselors talked to me. Told me that he knew how I was feeling, and that it was called homesickness, and it was mostly because it was all so new. He told me that if I could keep in mind that I'd be home in just a few more nights and just try to accept being at camp as something new but otherwise fun, well - some of that upset would maybe go away a little bit.''
"What?," I ask stunned, only starting to realize with any certainty that this home must be, in fact, Mycroft's.
''I just want to be honest with people. And I admit - sometimes I worry that by default I can't connect. Not really with anyone. Sexually, sure. But deeper? No. And then I met Sherlock, and it wasn't - it's not - sexual. And I don't know if I want it to be sexual. I don't think so. But that almost doesn't matter, because with him - it's everything else. All the other emotions, I mean - I feel those for him. And I'm not usually like that with anyone - even people I like a lot, sexually or romantically. But with him those feelings are strong. Just to be with him, to talk to him. To really speak and have him hear. Or maybe it's because he just has to look at someone and he knows basically everything about them - he can see into you, even if you've barely said a word at all, and yet, despite all that...he still wants to be with me, as a friend. As something.''
''That's true. He does. But we discussed how I'd like to start seeing you alone during our last session. Do you remember the reasons for that request? Do you understand why I felt that might be a good idea?''
His voice sounds odd. Something seems off. My radar is on high alert, and as I speak to him, I pull out my mobile and pull up John Watson's work number.
I settle my limbs into a cross-legged position and ignore the pain that shoots through my left knee with the movement.
Dreams of consuming anything and everything, which for me are dreams of panic and fear. And also, dreams of purging. Of voluminous cords of vomit spilling forth from my body. Reams of sick, bright red at first and then bright black like tar, just like before I went to the A&E, holding Donovan's hand. And it seems never ending, the sick - even though with each wave, a small, crazily joyous feeling of freedom from misery accompanies the voiding.
''If you can get treatment Sherlock - voluntarily, I mean - then what are you showing everyone? You are showing us that *you* are still logical. That you are in control. Not a disorder. Not only have you controlled so much, for the betterment of others, but it would show that you took control of a disorder that very few can ever reign in. A particularly hard disorder to recover from...''
Molly is quiet for a moment, and then attempts to roll up my sleeve. I jostle awake, my eyes darting open.
The case should have been an 11 on Sherlock's scale for case interest, yet he hadn't latched on with any desire to assist.
Because we don't talk for awhile. He departs upstairs, shaves, changes clothes, and I flitter about the flat in a state of agitation.
I blink at the questions, and at Yuri's ease just to pencil me into his little world of appointments. My heart rate, remarkably, starts to slow.
I loosen my grip, scared of holding him down, but also scared to release him when he seems so out of control, lest he runs away.
''That was hardly a concert,'' he replied quickly, licking his lips for what felt like the 20th time of the evening, obviously nervous.
Pickled eyes. Small and briny. As if I had cried through the entire session, even though I rarely cry.
''I'm proud of you,'' I whisper to the image. ''Thank you for having the courage to grow up so that I could get to meet you. Thank you for living.''
''What in heaven's name is going on in here?,'' she demands, her voice wavering. ''I could hear you down the street, young man! All the way from Speedy's!''
''Yes, yes, yes,'' the little man says, grabbing my menu and shuffling off. ''Yes, yes, yes,'' he repeats while walking away.
Removing my shoes, I pad gently into the flat until I round a bend, several bookcases full - neatly - of books, cds, records, and catch Sherlock sitting cross legged on Molly's sofa. I know he is aware of my presence, but he keeps his eyes turned down to his lap, studying a small streaked tan, brown and black cat laying on its back. The cat is starring lazily at my best friend with the obvious expectation of continued petting.
''Has he displayed signs of psychosis - at all - while you've been living with him?,'' he questions now, eyes zeroing in on mine.
My volume has increased over the last few seconds, and Sherlock closes his eyes briefly as if overwhelmed by the noise. I see him rub his hands back and forth together as if rubbing sticks together to start a camp fire. It's an odd motion - one I haven't seen him do before. But it's something.
'I'm still little. I'm little!,' I start to cry against the sand when I feel the Martian climb on top of me.
''Oh come off it!,'' I grit out, ''Do you honestly think that you don't seem...,'' and I trail off then, not knowing how to say what I need to say without insulting him.
''Then I want to be alone,'' he says. This time some sliver of emotion creeps in. It's not much, but it's something. ''I want you to go away and leave me alone.''
My hands twisted, turned, while my eyes shrunk back into my skull, as if trying to hide like some frightened, spooked animal.
Perhaps others would argue that I am, indeed, in love with him - as if that distinction somehow made the love itself truer or more 'real.'
''What was your 'plan'?,'' I aim to clarify. I don't want to assume anything, anymore. ''You mean...not eating?''
''Meaning what? God - just tell me. I've been through the bloody ringer with him and I have no idea how any of this started - why any of this started! - what triggered it, if I triggered it. We do not need to add psychosis to the mix!''
''He asked for you,'' Toby's mother interjects. ''He feels safe with you. I think he remembers that you were the one that...saved him.''
"I don't know, Sherlock. You say you don't know what you're feeling? Well, I don't know what I am feeling either. It's all a mess."
So I mock glare at him. Because maybe humor can make this easier to get out. And I squeeze his hand again.
''Only the bottoms will fit you, I think,'' and his voice is still off. His voice still hasn't gone back to normal.
''Alright,'' I begin a few minutes later after he seems to calm down slightly, ''I am going to get you an acetaminophen for your stomach. But you'll have to eat something small first. No one should take painkillers on an empty stomach, and that's doubly the case for a person getting over a bleeding ulcer.''
I hate how I am, who I am, what I am. More so as of late, but the echoes of past hatred are pure and vindictive and ever at the fore.
"I wasn't innocent!-," and he suddenly bangs his curled fist on the table, spilling the water. "Don't argue with me on that! Mycroft knew, and how our mother knew and no one stopped it because I was the mistake. And how could she protest, really? Say no to him? When she had hurt him so badly? How could she tell him what to do with the pathetic little add-on child that never should have been born in the first place?"
''What's this, then?,'' he whispers softly, and how in a million years could anyone buy his sociopath routine?
I find him hesitating to fully enter the living room, his eyes darting around the room in examination.
''Not usually,'' he responds in a restrained voice. ''Sometimes I add marmite to it. To the miso, I mean.''
''That amuses you, does it? No, seriously Sherlock. What are you doing in my room, huh?'' And the question slips out on it's own, because I honestly don't care if-
In fact, I have tried to incorporate a little bit more of Sherlock’s classic acerbic wit in this chapter to show that even though he is still struggling – he is starting to move beyond the darkest portion of his depression and is now letting himself face the emotional fallout that comes with accepting what came before in the worst moments of his life.
John orders two, with butter, and asks for them to be heated up in the retrofitted convection oven that sits atop the counter.
He was being treated, and someone took him out to an establishment that was ''family friendly.'' Let him make a mess from his high chair. Let him giggle and throw about his food, and gorge himself on junk food.
''Take a deep breath, and hold it. Can you do that?,'' I interrupt, sensing that he's working himself up.
But blood relations or not, that feeling of being looked down upon is incredibly painful and damaging.
It goes from seemingly disinterested and unconcerned, if somewhat irritable - to a mask of gargoyle-like rage in a matter of seconds. Without meaning to, I suck in a breath. A moment later I am jumping back at the sound of breaking glass.
Behind him, Sherlock stands - stick-like body looking even more stick-like next to the appropriately weighted form of his brother. Sherlock's arms are rigid at his side.
''Well, I've always liked soldiers,'' and damn it, if that doesn't sound like a Sherlockian attempt at flirting. ''But I still don't want eggs,'' he mumbles.
I can remember being a child, and I can remember when he made me bleed, and I can itemize this as a 11 (out of a possible 10) for acts of perversity.
''That feel good?,'' I tested, as I lowered him down to his back, until his head rested against one of my throw pillows. I encouraged him to let his arms drape to the side of his body. ''Just relax, Lock.''
''It wasn't as bad as this, though - what this feels likes. I-,'' and he stops, looks me straight in the eye.
“I know,” I agree quietly. “He died and he never learned how much you wanted to help him. How much you needed to save him. But that wasn’t your fault. His death could never be your fault.”
''What?,'' he asks sharply, knowing I want him to make a connection here, and not knowing what connection there is to be made.
I frown at the reveal, and glance over to my friend, his teeth working at his bottom lip, causing the entire thing to puff and swell and go hot cherry red. His face, already wind chaffed and pale from the low light of the late winter, looks ghostly.
Initially the pain is so faint that the sensation of burnt warmth is stronger. And then I realize that it actually feels *good* - that strange warmth. That slicing heat, by my own hand.
I can still envision that evening, when I came around the train tracks - nowhere near water at all, and wasn't that already a clue that his attack wasn't the same as the others? - and Sherlock staggered back towards me, his face a white moon, with streaks of blood wetting his cheek.
He's not stupid. He understands why we are here - Donovan and myself - but he's doing resoundingly well all the same.
''Everything about me is lacking! I try, and I try, and I try to FEEL – to feel, really feel - that you care about me, and all I feel is numb! In my mind, I know you are doing all the right things! I can add up all the kind words – all your efforts - and appreciate that what you are doing constitutes concern. Possibly even love. But I can't *feel* anything like I'm supposed to, and-,'' his voice cracks.
He looked very much as I imagined Sherlock would have looked, once upon a time. The eyes weren't enough of a match, but that wasn't important.
I hold the bag of supplies - a box of 64 count crayons, sharpeners, markers, blank paper, lined paper, colouring books - in my hands.
"You could taste blood in your mouth?," I reiterate dumbly, not knowing if physical abuse was an added dimension in Sherlock's already ugly childhood. Given what he's revealed in the last 24 hours, very little could surprise me at this point.
I look around the vending machines, check the family room and TV lounge. Take a peak in a small café on the floor that is serving tea, coffee and a soup of the day (''Garden Vegetable Medley''), apparently - continue on down the hall until I see a large blue and white sign for the restrooms. Rap against the door gently with my knuckles, then open the door and go inside.
Borderline emaciation. Bruising of the spine. Inflammation of gums and throat. Moderate dehydration. Electrolyte disturbance following post-surgery blood draw. Low weight in conjuncture with ulcer perforation and electrolyte disturbance could indicate eating disturbance. Recent wounding along right thigh and penile tissue consistent with self-harm. Wounding superficial and partially healed, suggesting several days healing prior to admittance. Previous scarring of these regions evidence of long term/previous SI.
''I don't have an issue with what you said, Sherlock. What you said you felt. I-I am glad you told me.''
John is giving the cabbie some money. Then he opens my door and offers me his hand, which I do not take.
I had been trying to answer a question, during a session, and could feel some inner pressure - like increasing levels of steam, a pressure steadily building - and no words had come to me. My confusion must have been evident, splayed across my features (and so much for my ability to act!), when he had made the inquiry.
''Thank you for forgiving me, Sherlock. About, well... I am sorry. You will always, always be my friend.''
John comes home to find that Sherlock is sick, and has taken solace in John's room. John tries to touch on some of Sherlock's fears. Sherlock admits that he's had a boyfriend in the past. This revelation does little to reduce John's concerns for his best friend.
Usually, during these periods, Patrick would pull back and show increased anxiety if we attempted anything sexual - all too aware of his physical self and terribly self-conscious despite my attempts at consolation. I understood well enough by that point to realize the issue had nothing to do with his trust in me nor was it rooted in trauma in his particular case.
I glance at Sherlock and see his posturing change into something tight and stressed as Yuri's words finally register.
''Are you trying to be difficult on purpose?,'' and now - another sigh. ''Okay, here it is - in simple language. I am looking for a competent individual who can create a dietary plan that will be well rounded enough to put John at ease, while not aggravating my constitution.''
"Ahh," he says lightly. "So you haven't progressed to having a romantic relationship with my brother yet. Good to know. It does - I admit - alleviate one of my primary anxieties regarding his emotional state."
That control over a dynamic - a testable hypothesis being worked out and then generating facts and data - seems to delight him. Seems to soothe him.
And who would I even have if I could change those things that now cause Yuri such concern? If Sherlock never rambled, never spoke with his quick speech and excitement over minutiae that the rest of the world deemed irrelevant? If he lost his interest in codes that he feels only he alone, usually, can solve? Even this dissociation. I assumed it was just Sherlock being...Sherlock.
He doesn't respond, but I know he's heard me and he turns slowly around as I release him from my grasp and makes his way back to the sofa. From there, he turns towards the inner portion of the furniture, completely hiding his face.
My self-proclaimed status as a robust heterosexual aside, I have tried to ask myself the tough questions about my possible feelings for Sherlock, and have tried to ask myself if an interest in engaging him in sexual activities is something that I would ever want. So far the idea has never seemed to rouse me sexually, which is something I must admit surprises me. Especially since I have had the impulse to kiss Sherlock, and to hold him close to me. To hold his hand, definitely, and maybe even stroke his back, or his arms. An odd impulse to engage with him sensorally, and maybe even a yearning to comfort him through physical touch (especially since I've always been inclined to be more hands-on with partners and those I had romantic feelings for).
''Don't lie to me, Sherlock!,'' John roars, and I drop the remaining bag. The bag full of blueberries, and cheesecake. Extra tins of ravioli.
"I thought he was bleeding. It was warm. Hot. And it was sticky, but my eyes were closed. I thought maybe it was blood, John. I didn't understand. I was scared, and I could taste blood in my mouth."
"And why should I have done so? Was it my duty to inform you of Sherlock's dirtiest and most closely held secrets? Was that my brotherly right? To go behind his back and talk to you about all the dark things of his past? Things, mind you, he always wanted to keep hidden from the world?"
''I liked it when he hugged me. When he touched my hand. I wanted to kiss him, sometimes. On the mouth,'' and his face is suddenly scarlet. ''I wanted to hold him. I wanted him to hold me. I didn't even mind after we were done with sex, because he'd hold me very tightly. I knew he cared about me,'' he staggers with his words then, and then abruptly stops speaking, his cheeks now bright red.
The doctors lets out a long-suffering sigh, and then opens what is - presumably - Sherlock's medical file.
My gaze settles on several packages of teas and flavoured coffee. Gingerbread tea...apparently. Some sort of German Coffee Cake coffee. I pick up the coffee, and sniff it. It actually does smell like dessert.
The man faltered, fumbled brokenly for his violin case, and I tied Bisquick up to the side of the fence, now safely away from the two of us.
''Everything?,'' Yuri clarifies. ''Really? Did they get your date of birth wrong? Your NHS number? Or maybe your blood type?''
''But people leave! Even if you love them, even then!,'' and he wipes at his eyes furiously. ''They don't really care. They only care about the transport!''
''Look, Sherlock, I can guess you feel completely torn. You want to be happy, inside, to feel good. Everyone does. That's normal, and it's healthy. But you've attached some measure of accomplishment to a mode of being that hurts your own body, and this isn't new for you. It's natural to feel completely, completely torn if you are used to feeling 'good' while being harsh to yourself. You have flipped around the criteria of what is good and what is harmful, and you started doing so as a child. This resistance to health is coming from that, I think. From something you established a long time ago, and it's not going to change easily. Those feelings are not going to just vanish. It's going to take some work. Changing thought processes, heck - just changing habits - can take a lot of work!''
I get changed into a turtle neck jumper, and then add an extra jumper (in cranberry) over the top. The extra material, I hope, disguises my lines. My - apparently - newfound thinness.
Sherlock's not supposed to be afraid of anything. That's half of what makes him Sherlock. The man who almost swallowed poisoned pills (or what could have been poisoned pills) on the second day that I knew him. And now he can't meet my eyes?
But the ritual is more complex than that. I keep them for when the transport acts up, but when it does, and if I feel close to needing to take one, I go home. And I make coffee, and add sugar to it. And I sit and drink it slowly. And sometimes I rest.
It reminds me of China Town. Of earlier days – solving cases with John – when I seemed healthier, when I seemed more in control; when maybe, in some respects, I was healthier, and more in control.
I wait until Molly heads back into the other room, then utter a soft, ''here Bruno.'' Sure she can't hear me when I do so.
''It looks like you are bringing someone home?,'' he inquires, a small nervous smile playing upon his face. Trying to be polite. Then I see him sort of glance back to the road.
''You have every right in the world to feel very, very angry right now. That is not an unhealthy emotion. That is a healthy response to what happened.''
I want to make note that I will be putting SI tags or abuse-discussion tags in front of specific chapters from now on. Generally, while the descriptions of SI are not detailed - the feelings surrounding SI can be - so I have been encouraged by a reader to put warnings in place.
I gape at John, gape at the mess of pasta and salt and pepper, and try to make sense of the almost meaningless words.
Because certainly the Universe wouldn't be so cruel as to do something drastic to a man in need when he has family - a best friend! - craving to help him. Wanting nothing more than to see him get better. To see him succeed.
I stare at the bread. The cheese, now cooling - now congealing, almost - and I realize I feel both terribly hungry and terribly sick at the same time. I close my eyes and I take a bite, and I chew the food back and forth 10, 20, 30 times before I swallow.
Grey-blue ices traverse the cotton bedspread that I last threw over him; he now seems to study the fibers, the cloth.
In all my time as a practicing psychiatrist, I have learned to trust my instincts about patients. And right now my instinct is telling me that not only that Sherlock needs help - both physical and psychological help - but that the greatest challenge I am going to have is not in convincing him of the facts of his sickness. But convincing him that he is a person worthy of health. That he doesn't have to earn a special status, or spot, or be seen as brilliant. But that he matters, period.
''No, but John - he left in a hurry afterwards. He looked enraged. They sedated the boy, and he stayed with Toby until they were done the exam - but then he just left. I asked him to wait, and he just ignored me outright. He looked - volatile.''
''You don't understand. He's gone through hell, recently. He's not going to cooperate with any of your psychiatrists.''
I push the thought away. Because it doesn't matter if I am aesthetically attracted to his form. Or emotionally attracted to his kindness. Attachments always hurt, in the end.
So I touch the glass and look at a man with sunken eyes, whom I do not find anything but ghastly, and I speak to him.
He winces then, eyes suddenly downcast. And I feel like a heel. I feel like I've slapped him in a moment or relatively rare vulnerability and trust.
“I’m not making two pots of the same thing each day just to ensure one is decaffeinated. And I truly wouldn’t mind having a little caffeine right now.”
So, I know - going from that factoid alone - that Yuri Pascal is obviously an in-demand psychiatrist. Enough that he's able to see enough patients, at a reasonable cost, so as to help cover his share of the rent.
''Thank you for the Go instruction,'' I said quickly, helping Sherlock count out the stones and organize them into separate piles before putting them back into their respective bags.
''Proceed whenever,'' I mutter, reaffixing my blanket over my belly and pulling it halfway up my torso.
For one crazy, bizarre, lightheaded second I have a weird impulse to push my lips against his mouth. I blink rapidly against the image, feeling my heart begin to speed up. I force my body away from his, even a few precious inches.
''That sounds ominous. That doesn't sound good,'' I say uneasily, hating the fact that my voice is wavering.
This chapter touches on my own experiences with asexuality and thus, definitely comes more from my core than some of the other chapters.
Apparently, it’s something I have failed to provide for myself for, well, my entire life, really. Except it’s not something I have always willingly ignored. I argued with him – that it wasn’t self-harm. I simply forget, sometimes, to get up and get myself a glass of water when my throat is parched, and sometimes I get too busy to fuss with applying a bandage to a wound that has already stopped bleeding, or in setting up appointments with doctors once a year because annual health checks are things I see in movies, but doubt that anyone really ever have done. (Really, does it even matter? I have my own doctor living in the flat who would zero in on anything abnormal in a heartbeat, although Yuri says this is simply another excuse. Another “justification” to ignore my body. He can really be tiresome in that regard.)
''You aren't just skipping breakfast, and you bloody well know it! Stop playing these games. It's not like I don't understand.''
Sherlock’s hands slide down to rest on his lap and he turns to read the titles of my psychiatry texts on the shelf.
I like the fact that I am thinking in numbers; in so doing, I am ignoring that bothersome need to cry.
This can be revealing and informative, but can also stop a natural form of dialogue between myself and the patient who needs the most solid focus.
So I stop talking, and realize that my chest is heaving - as if I have just run a very long distance at a very fast pace.
And then, in the company of others, the only time I was given anything other than poison was when I was given food itself. Food presented on lavish plates or served on fine bone gilded china. Crystal goblets filled with expensive drinks. And little-me would have to sit in the dining room, or the fancy restaurants with silent waiters who came and went about like spirits, and take the non-poison and chew it and swallow it all down when what I wanted was to continue throwing up.
I knock quickly against the door, and it starts to open quickly. Almost as if someone had been waiting right behind the frame, waiting for my arrival.
A flicker of red burns up under my pupils and I feel a level of aggression, if not rage, that I've rarely felt in the last five years. Not even when I was still in the RAMC fighting insurgents. It is likely out of control by now, my rage. Totally disproportionate, and it's present now - and that's what scares me.
““In the most extreme cases,” I finish, “this allows the child to remain in their physically and emotionally hostile world while mentally being able to re-position himself in a different landscape. One in which he suffers no abuse. One in which he feels no pain. How-however, having limited or absent understanding of a world in which security, comfort and compassion are offered – the child has an impoverished awareness of how to self-soothe and often clings to intellectual exercises that redirect focus but do not address emotional needs.”
I intend to write more on my next off days, as aspects of writing this story are cathartic and I hate leaving things unfinished. I also had a direction and end goal for where I wanted this story to go, in addition.
''Hi there, Mr. Holmes. Doctor Watson,'' and she gives us both a tentative smile, ''I'm going to inform your doctors that you're awake, Mr. Holmes. How are you feeling?''
I cart up the groceries and deposit everything onto the main counter, which is conspicuously free of any manner of current experiments.
“Let’s keep the caffeine hit down to something rather small, though, alright? You’ve been off it for over a month. I’d rather this trip not end in an afternoon filled with heart palpitations for you.”
I know that for many of my patients, part of their identity and sense of self is twined to being sick. To sometimes being deathly sick. Even if the sickness is rather well hidden - as it is for many sufferers of eating disorders - there is often an intractable need to hold onto the sickness. In the sickness, there is a bizarre sense of comfort.
''Yes, that's right. Jumped a good two years. But, that hardly surprises me,'' she says with a chuckle. ''Can you imagine him keeping pace with the other children?''
''Umm, or if you have any information on if a Mr. Mycroft Holmes is in with the patient-,'' my rambling voice dies when the young woman holds up a finger, indicating I should pause.
The man opposite me gets up slowly and pads to a nearby bookshelf. When he returns it's with a thick tome, ear marked. He hands it to me.
So if I look at this disorder as being one of his cultivation, I have to accept that I am not witnessing a singular event, or a one-time breakdown. What I am really looking at is several decades worth of self-abuse.
I'm led into a small room, starched white. Everything here is the colour of snow in bright sunlight. Sherlock is resting, eyes drugged into false sleep. Long lashes have fallen against milk white skin, and blue-purple markings outline his eyes. Eyes, that I realize sadly - are far more sunken than I had previously realized. Corpse-sunken. He's wearing oversized pajamas. Hospital pajamas, with blue snowflakes. His arms are bare, and I run my hand along his left forearm. He feels cold, and so I reaffix his blankets up over his torso. Up to his neck. Trying to give him some slight protection from the blankets; as if I can help him emotionally cope with the intrusion into his space by creating a physical barrier between him and the air. Him and the doctors.
I never allow myself to get drunk. Especially not when I am upset. It's a rule borne of living with an alcoholic mother, and then becoming acquainted to alcoholism even more intensely through witnessing the growing up years of an alcoholic sister.
“You’d be so hot if you were a time lord, Yuri,” he says in absent-minded affection before returning to his program. “You sort of have that whole, umm, nerdy librarian look going on anyway. But that could be upgraded into something utterly adorable with a bow-tie.”
''I told you! I like you,'' he says quickly, closing his eyes. ''Oh GOD this is a stupid, pointless thing to talk about! I've already apologized! I said I was sorry!''
“Better?,” I query, tailoring my facial expression into something resembling professional equanimity.
Studying Sherlock - and reading him accurately - has never been my strength. The man can act with finesse and skill. I like to think I know him. But what I know of him, I learn after the fact. After a blow up, after an outburst, after a display of ill-tempered emotionality. I don't learn anything without his expressed allowance.
When I turn around, Sherlock is sitting atop the table, bypassing the use of chairs entirely. His feet graze along the floor as he swings them about, like a four year old.
''Yuri thinks I might have something called reactive attachment disorder. I looked it up before - before that night. Before I took the morphine, and, John-''
And then without thinking, I just continued on because I truly felt calmer. And if I'm honest with myself now, I might admit that there may have been a note of dissociation in the action. A placid acceptance of the redness, and the memory in my mind then - of being 13, and smashing the bathroom mirror with my hand, then slicing the same parts.
I rise, too. I can't match him for height, and never will be able to - but I can more than best him in strength. Especially now.
"I'm not angry with you, John. God knows how meddlesome Mycroft can be. And he should have predicted that I would have discovered his activities in a heartbeat. Your face gives everything away."
At the back of my brain, deep down in the wiring - I can sense that something is unraveling. But it could also be that I am getting better.
''Oh...Oh!,'' he says, quickly keying in. ''Right. Good,'' and now he looks awkward. ''Did you want me to go out, or I can go read in my room if you wanted?''
I take a step towards the stairs, when Sherlock reaches his hand out to me - as if commanding me to stop, yet again.
A blossom of pain in my chest, then; I quickly repress my upset. I can go through these emotions later, in my own time.
''I want to throw up,'' he says in rushed tones, his face contorting into something painful to witness. ''I feel so...I feel-''
''You think leaving this is going to make it easier to talk about? Shouldn't we get this over with?''
Sherlock is likely in his hospital bed right now, and I seriously doubt he's contemplating the gorgeousness of the sky.
And I wasn’t simply given poison – but I was forced to consume it. Held down, my mouth pried open, while it was poured down my throat. And it burnt me from the inside out and made me want to sick up. And when I did sick up – and when I cried, or when I dared to scream – there was no reprieve.
I go inside and order a large mocha and a biscotti, and then sit down at a booth near the back of the establishment. When I have my beverage and treat, I pull the books out of the bag and begin to read.
I see his Adam's apple bulge and swallow, and then he wipes at his matted hair. Tugs it gently. A nervous habit that always seemed to me to be somewhat self-soothing for him. Grounding.
Then seemed to recoil in horror at what he had done. But that was after I pulled back first. After I had reservations, and displayed those reservations.
''Do you think I don't know what this feels like, John? To be with him, in a clinic, after an attempt? This is his third attempt, for the record. And this is the closest he has come to - well, not making it. Yet, I feel deep down that despite the depression he's currently doing battle against, that he also terrified himself tonight. Because he doesn't want to actually die. He just wants to stop feeling as he is feeling. Blaming yourself for his mood disturbances won't help him, and it won't help you. It helps no one.''
And it's those looks I detest. The kind that remind me of the past that lurks just out of range of everyday memory.
I see Yuri's adam apple bob in his throat. Disconnected. A little swell of flesh, disjointed in my brain. The static fuzz is back now, the white noise, and still a trill in my core. Like an electric current racing through me, torso to sternum.
Suddenly feeling cold, despite the steam and the heat of the spray, I close my eyes and try to focus on absorbing the heat from the water.
''Come on, sit down. You look a little peaky,'' John says a few seconds later, when I realize I haven't responded. He suddenly is tugging on the hem of my jumper, and my hands clamp down over his own. Quickly. Without thinking.
I cannot stand to see that look in his eyes: as if I am some pathetic, mewling kitten who has been beaten and left bleeding on the side of the street. An animal that needs to be coaxed back to safety, and spoken to with gentle words and gentle touches for fear that it may bite or claw or otherwise attack anyone who comes near.
So my goal is to distract him. To give him a more soothing reality than anything he takes away from his disorder.
I splay my hands out in front of me, thinking of a way of putting my thoughts into something vocally cohesive.
The possibilities that I will never ask him about. Especially since my own traitorous mind is yearning to confuse me as late. Like the other day, when I had the impulse to kiss him. And I've never had the impulse to kiss anyone. Not even Victor, after sex.
I smile and continue to hold out Sherlock's paper, which he finally takes. ''You too, Sherlock. But I want you to write three things down as they relate to John. Things you'd like for John to change, insofar as to how he interacts with you. About his concerns, or in any other way.''
My heart is fluttering in my chest. The look of rage I had seen a moment before in him is rapidly draining away.
''You're not being annoyingly confessional. You're not being annoyingly anything. You don't annoy me, and you never have. I enjoy spending time with you. Especially when you're not pointing out my lipstick choices or unfashionable clothing choices,'' and I nudge his shoulder as I finish my sentence, to show that I'm kidding. Partially.
''Yeah, of course,'' and Molly rises, returning a few seconds later with a second cup of cold water. The stethoscope still hangs from her neck.
In medicine, and indeed in psychiatry - the issue is not simply in writing down symptoms and then proclaiming a diagnosis that reasonably can fit the symptoms. You always have to dig a little bit deeper than that, as caloric restriction related to anorexia usually is rooted to a different need and motivation than starvation that is worsened by Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. What's more: there is often overlap between the two, with aspects of eating disorders presenting similarly to OCD. In fact, a good number of sufferers of eating disorders also suffer from eating disorders, and therein lies our task. To differentiate between the different diagnoses and to not give up on a future of health for our patients, no matter how bleak the present seems to be.
''I don't know if I'm anything other than heterosexual. I don't know. I just know that lately I've been experiencing romantic feelings for my flatmate.''
''It's hardest in the beginning. All changes are that way. It'll eventually get less difficult, but you need to start now. Right now.''
''Sometimes you might feel as if you could cry or rage, but if John, for example, were to ask you why you felt upset - you'd be confused as to if you even felt sad or angry? Does that sound familiar?''
How the wood paneling would appear and feel as you walked over it each morning, and how the objects would singe into your memory with comforting familiarity. How the decorations of the house would become a background hum in your mind, and how the white-painted bathroom with the lemon-yellow soap would smell like cleanliness, and not of threats.
The man before me is in his 50's I'd bet, and he's wearing a hunter green cardigan. Blue trousers. Grey socks with those white tips and the swipe of red. The woolen kind that people use for those sock monkey puppets that you see on crafters websites.
''Can't you see that you're right on edge, Sherlock?,'' I ask a few seconds later, when I trust myself to talk again. ''That maybe all those years of pushing everything away just barely allowed you to get by? But now it's just too much, isn't it?''
''Don't give me that! I'm Sherlock's medical proxy, and if he's to undergo examinations that could further impede his recovery-''
I really do love him. The feeling so intense, that I blot out a fresh and insistent need to kiss him.
Sherlock looks up tiredly. I can sense the weariness in his entire being. Partly bodily fatigue from poor self-care, but partly mental turmoil. His mind and body are fighting one another, and he likely doesn't know which one to follow. His eyes are ringed in black, and he looks even thinner than the last time I saw him in the hospital.
I have been feeling terribly, frighteningly cold lately. It's a side effect of feeling calmer, feeling more in control. But it's the one side effect I really detest. That, and perhaps the acidic heat that keeps rising up through my stomach, and up to my throat.
''No. No, not drugs. I don't think drugs. I don't think that,'' I breathe, my words almost a mantra.
When I finally gather the strength to look at my flatmate, I realize he looks bizarrely thrown by my admission. Almost frightened. He's shifting about on the balls of his feet as if he's ready to run.
''Are you asserting there is nothing you would change right now, that could help you and John discuss certain issues more openly?''
Chronic concerns about a friend or loved one takes an emotional toll on those close to the afflicted as well, and can be incredibly draining to those seemingly not afflicted by any disorder. That is part of the pernicious nature of certain problems. They rarely impact one person. They can impact an entire family, even if seemingly indirectly.
''Okay. Right now, do this: name something that is scaring you. Right this second. Don't even think about what it sounds like, just tell me.''
He waits for me to continue speaking, and when I don't, I hear the faintest sigh. I don't know if it identifies relief, or disappointment in my answer.
''Obviously,'' he said, voice all careful enunciation and shielding. ''It's never come up before, so how would you?''
Still, enough time has passed that I feel I should at least make an effort to reach out to him. Otherwise, he might take it as avoidance. As if I am ashamed OF him, and not merely trying to give him some privacy.
''I went to see Molly. For...parts. I wanted to start an experiment. Any experiment. Just something...,'' Sherlock trails off.
''Am I? I highly doubt it. I can read between the lines, John. My physical form doesn't appeal to convention, and never has - nor my psychology, nor my temperament. So to 'revert' me back to a state that is a little less disruptive, should a case I'm consulting on become more publically known, Lestrade and Company have decided to take away one of the few things in life that I truly enjoy!''
Polite, definitely. Maybe a little reserved. I can't let him think I'm this open book right now. I want the discussions of the last week to stop. Abruptly. And the only way they will is if I reign in my emotions. I can't have any more nightmares around him, I can't be acting so differently. If I feel oddly sad, I need to keep it together until I can deal with it on my own. John shouldn't have to concern himself with me more than he typically does. All that is going to do is stress him out, and he's already tried to be so loyal for me. He already works so hard at it. At being a good friend to me.
He rolls on over to his back, and looks up to the ceiling. His breathing is incredibly fast. I can see his rib cage rise and fall quickly.
''I may be new at this, but I think you're supposed to be thinking of me, not them,'' he attempts a mock tone of something skirting jealousy, but his happiness with what we are doing destroys his attempt at acting out any other emotion.
''Good,'' he hurries to add. ''Good. Now, can I at least make you some lunch? Or some coffee? You can't go running around on no fuel.''
''Do as you please, John. But don't think for a second that anyone other than you is going to be able to help me. You've helped me the most. We don't need anyone else in our life, in our business.''
''I need all the details. Right now,'' I hiss. My fear is making me act like a bastard, and distantly - in the back of my mind - I realize this. Realize I likely am going to piss enough people off today that I'll have to send out fruit baskets or something by the time this is all over. I realize this, but still don't care.
My voice warbles off and I move past John on the stairs. He moves out of the way easily, and seems to shift gears.
''Hey Jake,'' Yuri starts calmly, as if I'm not tensing up awkwardly and not drawing attention to myself.
Perhaps, in the past, I would have thought some of his behaviours were out of place. Now I see them for what they are: brotherly concern, only hidden with an impassive air, a stately way of talking and moving.
''Myco come palace?,'' he asked then, his voice unnaturally loud for a whisper. The attempt, however, was well noted.
His eyes crumple together, and everything in my being is screaming at me to get him help. I can hear the voice of Mycroft (now even louder than before) reverberating around in my skull. Telling me - more than any other night - that tonight is a definite danger night.
I need to remember to consume more hot liquids. They help to fight off the wearing cold that lately seems to be attacking me from the inside out.
My body starts to itch. Starts to itch and sting and I suddenly feel hot and sweaty and angry. So fucking furious.
John and Lestrade speak about certain subjects in roundabout fashion. Lestrade tries to tell John to watch Sherlock.
I can only have empathy for the two of them, and the very distinct and yet interwoven horror that has connected them since childhood.
Even so - I do a quick inventory, and realize that I have to be careful as to how I portion the sizes in the future. My meal cannot be bigger, it seems, and yet I also know that if his meal is bigger than my own, he's likely to become even more overwhelmed.
''Oh, I see! He was a child, but even so - you couldn't treat him! Couldn't save him! So you want to blame him for his own tragic death, is that it?''
''Find *what* amusing?,'' I get out, frustrated and angry. For him. For Toby. ''Explain it so I can understand. I am not a mind reader. I can't do what you do.''
''It's not about being 'bad'. It's about what might reduce your stress well enough that you're able to get through the next while without feeling so conflicted. So you can deal with treatment, and everything that entails,'' and I debate saying more. Decide that if I expect bravery from Sherlock, I likewise need to show bravery myself. It's only fair.
''Why?,'' Sherlock asks, bristling suddenly, ''John's a doctor. He can do that. He can monitor my progress.''
He's quiet for a few more seconds, and then: ''Like what? What are the specifics, John? I am not agreeing to anything until I know the specifics.''
Realize I feel some rush of faint, unmistakable anger when I consider the reality of the ghost child.
''Well, someone has to be,'' she grits out, her body tense, as if expecting that I'll strike her. ''Someone has to be his friend, and be concerned.''
Except, I kind of have an idea about that, too. Distantly, I can recall Mycroft's explanation of how it began. With Sherlock, teetering on the edge of puberty. Then suddenly engaging in self-starvation.
''It's none of your business!,'' he screams at me, and the rapid change in volume and demeanor has me scrambling back in shock. ''It's nobody's fucking business! It's my body! I get to do with it as I please!''
He compacts himself further, as if to give me space, and I settle down near to him but leave the bedding alone. Leave him to his cocoon. That basic boundary – that physical limit – is one that I feel I need to maintain just as surely as I feel he needs its maintenance.
''Please trust me, Sherlock. I promise - it will get better. But you have to do this part yourself. You need to admit that you have a problem before anyone can really help you.''
I hear him pace from the table to stand besides me. If I turned around, he'd likely be mere inches away now.
''Do you think anyone else in the world would have stuck by you like your brother has, Sherlock? Has anyone else put themselves through this stress of dealing with all this stuff for so many years? When you seem so hell-bent on destroying yourself!?''
I have to push down my furor at the prospect that what Yuri is considering is very likely true. Of course, I had already considered that reality, and had already read between the lines with the barest details Sherlock had previously provided.
''Wait, please. I need to say this now, and after what just happened, you need to listen. Firstly, I do not find you - any part of you, scars or no scars, thinness or not - I do not find any part of you unattractive. You have certainly never been ugly to me, and you never will be ugly to me. I love you so much that...that it makes my chest hurt sometimes, and I am truly sorry that I couldn't properly express that before, because of my own fear. I am sorry that you feel that you could be anything less than beautiful to me, but I will never find you anything other than attractive. Do you understand that?''
I drop to my knees and continue to bring up red. Gritty red, like coffee grounds. The colour so dark as to almost look like old oil.
''We could make cereal,'' he attempts calmly, pretending to be a reasonable sort of human being. ''We must have something like Cheerios around here that we could make- John?''
''Sherlock - I'm not lying! You inspire me, every day. And I've never pitied you. Not once in my entire life.''
His decline had been incremental, and as I lived with him - it was harder to see the shifting in his size and the dropping of the weight.
I hesitate. Nod. Move over to allow John some room. He seems to pause at this, before understanding what I am offering.
I realized then he must be at least marginally intoxicated. He wouldn't be speaking like this, otherwise.
I shake my head to dispel the light rain that's worming its way through my hair and seeping down and around my neck, wetting my back. It makes the skin pucker in protest at the chill as I remove my leather jacket and deposit it on the coat rack.
But he went to the fridge on his own, plucked out the bottle, and shook it over his food. Mashing it up until the concoction was almost pink, and probably too salty to be that edible.
''Can you flesh that out a bit more for me? In what ways is John concerned? Specifically? Hygiene? Sleeping?''
Sherlock pulled his body inwardly, until he was sitting cross legged on his Persian rug. His feet were clad in chrome yellow socks, and they kept flexing back and forth rhythmically.
"I'm not a child psychologist, John. I can see patterns, connections, and it is obvious why this boy is engaging in selective mutism, even if - at present - it's too early to diagnosis anything. He's terrified. He's likely been threatened. Or perhaps he was hurt so violently because he tried to talk. At any rate, there is an entire staff of trained clinicians to deal with traumatized children at Evelina. They do good work."
I hold my hand out and he takes it, and makes a soft groaning sound as he rights himself on the tile.
And so I have no right to complain about the changes for which I alone am responsible for generating.
''We have Perrier too. Or canned fruit juice, colas. I can make tea?,'' I continue, when there is no further response from Sherlock.
John gives me a studious appraisal, his brows flexed into something neither angry nor blithely accepting of my words.
''No. Hedwig's not missing. We will find Hedwig. I promise you, we will find him and bring him back to you.''
''I won't be able to be...open...with someone who is excessively concerned about me, John. You are an exception, and even then - sometimes - I think certain things would be easier to allude to if you didn't care about me at all.''
The woman sighs, straightens her cardigan. As if by making herself neater, she can make the situation neater. Cleaner.
I shake my head (I do, but it is somewhere in my wallet, and I just want to get out of here), and quickly insert my debit card into the chip machine. The transaction goes through rapidly, and I take the books (now enclosed in a paper bag) from the girl quietly.
'''Someone' is very vague,'' he says in irritation. ''I'm speaking to you right now. Tell me what you mean, or don't talk to me at all. I don't like to have my time wasted.''
''Yes, he has,'' I interrupt, speaking now for Sherlock. Because I know my anger is going to sustain me, while Sherlock is close to crashing. ''Mycroft went to get some coffee. He should be back any moment now.''
"No, no. I mean - did he ever see someone? As he got older? Did he ever talk about it properly with a doctor?"
If anything, Sherlock needs more of that sort of contact because I have no doubt that he's touch-starved, in the sense of safe, gentle, reassuring physical presence. The presence of a friend, or maybe even a person more complicated in feeling than friend - but a safe interaction all the same. One he can feel good about, and one he knows is safe.
It was a one time deal, and the sense of shame that followed truly eclipsed and overpowered the momentary calm. The momentary benefit. Because I knew what would happen if John ever came to learn about what I had done.
''You okay?,'' she asks seriously now, her brows creasing into a line of worry. ''You looked like you were a million miles away just then.''
I brush his curls out of his eyes. His hair is greasy - as if he hasn't been allowed to shower - and he looks as if he's ready to collapse.
''I'm sure he doesn't! We expect too much from him, Mycroft! He's not all-seeing, all-knowing and neither are you! Just tell him!''
Which would erode this hazy calmness of our evening. This relative progression towards something...better.
Then I feel the Martian put his hands on my body. I feel something cold against my backside. I play the numbers game because Myco is too far away. Maybe he can't hear me. He'd come if he could hear me. I hear Myco in my brain. Not the real Myco, the old Myco, from when I was very, very little.
''But he got clean. I mean, he couldn't still be using,'' I say aloud, more to myself than to anyone else.
''Victor - someone will see, someone, they will - they will-.'' and he moved his body into mine, as if seeking out heat.
Eventually, he looks over my shoulder - still not meeting my eyes. I see his hand flutter up to his mouth and gently touch it in a tense way. Which only draws my attention anew to his bruised throat and neck.
The handle turns easily and when I enter, I can see that Sherlock is curled up on his bed, covers over his body. Facing the wall.
We had been avoiding each other for the better part of a week, and even Sherlock's mood had degraded because of it.
Sherlock slowly opens his eyes more fully; I can see that one of his eyes is almost fully occluded with red. I push away considering what that means, and grab for his hand once more.
''Yes. Well... it is transport. If it's just physical transport, like you say it is - it's not only what I want, is it? It's not enough.''
I just say it faster and faster in my head, in my mind, until my traitorous brain causes me to think of something else.
When I feel moderately more composed, I continue on – my voice shaking with greater obviousness than in the preceding moments.
''Lestrade said you'd gotten into it with one of the doctors. I'm assuming this was the doctor you knew?''
He's obviously unhappy about something. Unhappy about something new, I mean, and I am at a loss as to how I am expected to respond. How I *should* respond.
I had nodded dully at the can, angry with biology, aggravated with myself, the fact that I was so twisted in my mind to pursue my self-destruction.
While Mycroft busies himself doing God-knows-what, I hold Sherlock to my chest and let his words ooze out of his throat, as if he's piercing a pustule. He rambles, almost incoherently, for a few minutes. Softly, too. Whisper-soft - all too aware that Mycroft is still in the flat, and so I only catch a few snippets of words, high pitched and frantic.
I force myself to halt the motion, the itch in my arms increasing. Anxiety makes the itch stronger, even all these years later.
I cat-nap on the sofa. But not before I head back to the kitchenette, meander around, look at the food, decide in advance what to prepare for dinner.
''Then stop hurting yourself!,'' and I have never been like this with him. Never like this. I know I must be scaring him, because I am scaring myself, and so I release my hold from him entirely now. ''Show me what you've done so I can fix this mess!''
''I'm sorry, John,'' he says quietly, his voice hot pants against my neck. ''I didn't want to disappoint you.''
“Anxious,” John repeats, interrupting my tirade. He’s been considerably less likely to get riled up with me lately. I can’t tell if that hints that he’s losing patience with this consumptive drive that has caused him so much stress, or if he’s trying to allay what Yuri calls my “insecurities regarding safety.” Another stupid assertion, that – because I could ever be afraid of John.
''Fine,'' I hiss, knowing I am being rude. I quickly soften my voice. ''Umm, yes, please have him call Sherrinford. I'll give you my mobile-''
Sherlock took another sip of his Bordeaux, and I helped him tilt the glass upwards. Helped him pour the alcohol down, as he gulped at the drink. Waited several minutes, until he seemed to calm, and eventually relaxed into me.
Because perhaps to him, the sense of being hurt is familiar, and thus welcomed. And despite how it looks to anyone else, it is that with which we are comfortable with that often determines what we accept. If we are familiar with compassion, we more readily accept it. If we have known nothing but abuse, we generally feel more comfortable with various forms of abuse.
''No, he didn't. I couldn't sleep myself,'' and she holds up a finger to pause the apology she knows is about to leave my mouth, ''but it wouldn't be the first time Sherlock has had nightmares, John. Well, maybe it has been - since you've been around, that is. Like I said, you're good for him. Good for his mind, you understand.''
It's almost as if the heat of his fingertips - his physical presence - generates this need within me. Not to kiss. But to cry.
He takes a sip, nods his head slowly, then stretches out one languid arm to deposit his beverage on the side table. His movements and demeanor seem more feline than human and he takes over the sofa with far less tentativeness than he has in the past. That in itself is a form of progress. It means that his very anxiety regarding attending a session is dissipating.
Merely turned to him when I could see that he was nearly done his meal, and inquired if he wanted herbal tea as I wanted some myself.
I need to put some distance between myself and John. Perhaps in the morning, after we've both had rest, the situation won't seem so dire.
Suddenly, I feel some niggling and incredibly new fear that there is, perhaps deep down, a dark and violent side to my best friend. One that even I haven't discovered. One that I have never seen.
My face opened up into a wide grin, enamored with the eccentric name. Testing it in my mind, fascinated by the kind of family Sherlock must have grown up in - the kind of family that would bestow such an odd sounding name to a child.
''I don't want to fight with you, Sherlock. Please. Just sit and talk to me. Please,'' and his voice is tinged with begging and sadness and everything that brings back my sense of self-loathing. Especially knowing I am the reason for his begging and his sadness in the first place.
"Sherlock - you slept for a very long time. Had you taken a drug of some sort? Are you taking anything to, you know, help you with your sleep? Beyond the dimenhydrinate?"
I am very cold, and I realize that now as I stare at the sheets and the padding and the pillows. I slip off my socks - sweat-laden and foul - and ball them up, toss them into a corner of my room. Then I push my bed flush against the wall to create a nook and pull the blinds down to cut out the light, before coiling up under a mound of fleece and cotton.
I blink against the question, wondering when anyone who hasn't been John, that is, has asked me such a question. Or even cared what the answer would have been.
I keep my eyes shut and don't say anything. Not for awhile, and then: ''I'm really tired, John. I'm going to sleep now.''
''Perforated stomach ulcer?,'' I guess, suddenly feeling haunted. Sherlock always complained about not being hungry. How much of that assertion was caused by poor health, and how much of his poor health was caused by his negligent habits and refusal to eat normally?
Mycroft's eyes have taken on a faraway look, and he seems to hesitate for a moment before proceeding.
''But you did things with him that you admitted you didn't like. Didn't feel comfortable doing. Why?''
I could almost be convinced that Sherlock is not really talking about John at all. He might not be saying anything untrue about John's feelings for me as a friend, but there is something strangely self-confessional about how he's avoiding my line of sight while speaking about trust.
"Is that what Mycroft said?," I ask at last. Even though I dread the response. "That I'll hurt myself? That I have?"
''I. don't. know. what. to. do,'' he grits, the words deepening in emotion. ''I don't know what's wrong with me,'' he hiccoughs, obviously trying to keep his fear at bay; in that moment, I feel a well of pity for him.
His eyes scan my face, and I honestly don't know what to say or do. My perception of what he's struggling with is likely to be outlined for its absurdity, and he's likely to resort to scathing retorts to any future attempt to discuss this issue with him.
''You know what I mean. You're not just someone who grew up without any trauma. There is trauma here for you. With this subject. Maybe you shouldn't be so quick to assume anything.''
I still my motions as I make my way inside, and hold my violin tighter across my chest in a type of weird, protective impulse.
''Irrelevant to the situation at hand,'' I grit out, fatigued with this mess. This whole, stinking, putrid mess. ''Loving me doesn't change how you have to act around me. Me loving you doesn't equal any expectations of sex from you. It never will.''
Would there be a fire burning inside in a fireplace? A heat that was safe in how it enveloped a person?
Tears leave a person vulnerable, and I doubt Sherlock lets himself feel vulnerable if he can avoid it.
I dabbed at the gash with the peroxide, and he flinched, but gave no outwards cry of pain, and the wound fizzed white and the skin suddenly looked hot and pink when I removed the pad from his hand. Fresh curdling of blood welled up to the surface, and my stomach writhed in empathy.
''He tried to remove my shirt,'' Sherlock grouses petulantly from the couch, and I turn to him in frustration. ''He tried to take it off!''
''John - I can barely keep it together. This case has me wanting to punch someone, except we don't even have a suspect!''
Then, I have the task of dealing with my insanity during the period that preceded the calm, which is rarely good. Rarely pretty.
"It was a comprehensive book," and now I am feeling keyed up, "That is all. I thought-" and what were you thinking, Watson?, "that if a book designed to help soothe an abuse survivor through a sexual relationship was so positively received by the psychiatric community - that the advice within could be adapted to a platonic relationship. And that it must cover a far wider reach of topics than a book devoted to platonic relationships. I wanted to be informed. I want to help him. That's the end of it!"
I told him this, and then I shoved his shoulder in unconstrained upset – furious at him and furious at myself for not cluing in months sooner, but mostly just furious at the disease. The insanity of it all – of a disease that seemed to take over the mind of an otherwise highly logical, highly compassionate, and highly intelligent person; alien, almost, in its ability to warp the mind of the sufferer to such a degree that horrible abuses were carried out with all-consuming focus and tireless dedication against the same very body that housed the mind that sought its wastage.
''When you feel like that - all that rage - what do you do?,'' I ask uneasily. ''How do you get rid of that anger?''
I keep my eyes trained on his form, but go and retrieve the afghan from the other side of the room, and then slowly deposit it over his body.
''It's...patchy. My eating. On and off. Certainly not constant. Hence Mycroft's concern. He always wants to be in the know. So even when nothing is wrong, he assumes something could be. But he doesn't know, John. Not about that.''
But doesn't *hurt* himself; he just is seeking something physical. Pressure of a physical kind against pressure of emotions, perhaps.
''I'd expect that much,'' I mutter, my eyes dropping down to where Sherlock's hands play with the fringe on one of the blankets, seemingly without notice. ''You stayed.''
''Alright,'' I tried again, wondering suddenly if I've done something to offend the now-mute man before me. ''Well, maybe I'll see you around on campus?''
Later he talked to me on the telephone. Mummy got me from the play room and smiled at me, and stroked my hair.
I have witnessed him flinch before, too. When my voice rose, or on occasions when I seemed especially aggravated with him.
The shrink sighs, then rises slowly, dropping a bundle of pamphlets on my side table and indicating that I should take them.
Voices hiss a warning that I've always heard under the surface of my outwards form - below the atrium of my heart, the pleural lining of my lungs.
His face flinches, his eyebrows cinch together like material pulled too sharply under a sewing machine. Bunching up.
The atmosphere of NSY is incredibly tense when I arrive. Sally looks me straight in the eye - a harrowing moment, almost. Her eyes look wide, and blackened by sleeplessness and horror and a silent plea. A 'no.' Or something else I've never seen on her face before, and never want to see again.
Distantly, I can recall how his form shuffled back to the table as I stood outside in the hallway, pacing, waiting for him to do the right thing. I can recall the dark outline of his silhouette through the glass as he sat back down in his chair. The flapping sounds of paper as he picked up what could have only been the case notes.
The question is spoken rapidly, and I can only guess that he's also spoken somewhat impulsively, because as soon as he stops speaking he seems to startle into place, as if wanting to leave the room. But he doesn't leave.
His head comes to rest against the crux of my neck, hot, sickening breaths as if he's struggling for air.
Harrison had been found wearing a burgundy cable knit jumper with elbow patches in a tawny brown and a yellow and black checkered scarf fashioned to look like Rupert bear's, from the children's stories.
"Privacy that he should not have been allowed. Not then. Not in the state that he was in. But I was inexperienced in recognizing Sherlock's danger periods back then, and so I left him alone for the duration of the day. When I arrived home later that evening, the door to Sherlock's room was closed. When I checked in on him, I could see that he was resting in his bed and thus I left him alone for a few hours more. When it surpassed 7 pm, I checked in on him once more and as I approached him - after turning on the light in his room - I noticed that there was blood all over his sheets and that blood was seeping through his duvet."
''This sounds like him,'' I whisper. ''This sounds like him a lot. Not everything, really. But a lot. The...the zoning out thing. He sometimes seems to not realize I've even left the room. I came back to the flat once - hours later. He hadn't known I had even left.''
''I'm not hurting myself. Certainly not there,'' he says with an embarrassed half-smile, as if the thought is ridiculous. ''Don't be asinine.''
''Alright, well I better head off. Unless you'd want to stop by somewhere else with me, first; I'm heading to Browns. The coffee made me even hungrier than I was before.''
''I...I, yes. Well,'' and I press my hands against my lap, feeling more and more like an idiot the longer I am here. ''Sherlock didn't say.''
In almost every respect he is incredibly revealing. And right now his behaviour is revealing that he is fatigued and also disheartened. With me.
''What makes it unhealthy is HOW you deal with the feelings. Not the feelings themselves. Feelings on their own are not bad or wrong – they just are. Can you trust me on that?''
"Bad enough that I was forced to get him help. Of course, I noticed that he started despising any general change marking his transition from child to adult, but there was nothing I could do to stave off the progression. Nothing anyone could do. Sherlock, however, believed that eating less would slow the process. I still recall one night when I expressed concern that his poor eating was possibly stunting his growth, and he actually smiled. He almost looked relieved. Soon after, I threatened to have him assessed by the adolescent mental health division for anorexia nervosa. The threat alone seemed to be effective - as you can imagine. He started to eat a microscopically larger amount, and for a while - that is how the two of us operated. He would eat barely enough to keep a sparrow alive, but provided he kept his weight stable and did not continue to lose weight, I let the issue go."
His gloves, greatcoat and his scarf remain in his chair, but he departs all the same - jetting from the room in nothing more than his cardigan and jeans.
''Potentially. Especially with youth. In severe cases, especially in the past, treatment for advanced eating disorder cases often involved re-feeding that could be rather invasive. In fact, for years, treatment was predominantly based on re-feeding therapies, and not on other psychiatric assistance.''
(“It’s hard to let yourself feel emotional pain if you’re dizzy. If you’re faint with hunger. Or using. They deaden you to those feelings.” That's what he had said, in particular).
Because I want this and I don't want this and I don't know which direction I even want to go, anymore.
He presses my hand against the ridge of his boxers, edging my fingers underneath the material. I can feel the rougher spokes of pubic hair, the slight damp skin of a man whose fallen asleep in a too-hot sleeping bag.
''Why not?,'' and the dread uncoils a little further in my belly. Like a living, breathing, biting snake.
And that was my failure which drove him away from me, and which drove him towards - if only for a nanosecond - embracing self-annihilation.
Sherlock seemed to tense at the compliment, but quickly responded with: ''I have played the violin since the age of three. It's hardly impressive that I can play at my current grade.''
''They had to sedate him. He didn't want to go in,'' she whispers to me, her eyes scalded by the memory. ''He wouldn't let go of my hand. And he hates me,'' the woman repeats dully. ''Everyone knows he hates me, and he-''
The specifics seem hazy now in light of the stress and commotion of what has happened in the days that followed. Yet I can distinctly recall him admitting to being in clinic as a teen. 13 or 14.
''Distortions in personality,'' I echo, unconvinced with his self-diagnoses in the past and likely to be as unconvinced this time around, too.
So I cannot be angry with Mycroft regarding what looks like, to the world, over-protectiveness. I cannot find it in my heart to criticize a man whose actions may have deviated from my own, but whose concern aligned precisely with my own goals. If anything, I have developed - in a rather short period of time - a much greater fondness for Mycroft. For what he represents, and how he has done his best to always protect and show love to Sherlock. If he ever seemed removed, or aloof in his demonstrations of that love, I certainly cannot judge him for that.
''I'm-I'm sorry about Mycroft,'' I start, not knowing if I should even attempt an apology right now.
Plus, it sounds so easy when you say that something has a plan. Just follow the plan. Because, really, how hard could that be?
That connection that has been there from the beginning seems to have intensified this morning - undoubtedly because Sherlock was the one who made the initial connection with Toby. Who actually found Toby, who provided the mouth to mouth resuscitation and CPR that saved the child's life. Who got pink back into a small face that had been a ghastly shade of blue. And who then had wrapped the child up in his jacket and had cradled him to his chest, keeping him as protected from the rain and the wind as possible.
Because Victor didn't even love me, but he still decided I was 'too much' for him. He still decided he couldn't deal with everything that was wrong with me.
'Move over, Sherlock,' the explorer says quietly, driving up to me in his little space car. It's a bright and flashing space car and the light is reflecting off the sun, and hitting my eyes. I close my eyes tightly, so I don't go blind from the light, but move my little car to the side so the new explorer can make way.
''I do like eggs. Thank you, Sherlock. But do you like eggs? Are they something you will actually eat?''
In and out of here. That's my goal. A quick appeal to Lestrade about how I won't let my temper get the better of me again, and then off to Evelina.
'Thoughts do not connect in ways that are readily understood by others. Appears at times illogical.'
“I know. It seems strange. But it’s an excellent question. Basically, I saw a need in the public health sphere and wanted to help address issues that I didn’t feel were getting the sort of attention they deserved. Namely that of patients who had severe GI disorders that needed help adjusting to a post-surgery diet, or those who due to absorption issues, or other conditions, were liable to have additional issues with weight maintenance or potential complications not normally seen in other populations.”
I am almost ready to let him depart - have his time alone, to deal with his emotions in private - when I recall an old conversation.
Sherlock took the belstaff off then, and covered Toby from his neck to his feet, rubbing his hands in circular motions.
''I lost a friend, once. To something sort of similar to what you're going through now, and I could never understand-''
''What makes it wrong?,'' I ask far more calmly than I feel, while he pushes and pulls at the door, his body swaying with the motion.
''I am inquiring about a patient. He would have been brought to this A&E recently,'' I get out, resisting the impulse to run my hands through my hair. ''My name is Dr. Watson, and my friend-''
''Annabelle Campion!,'' I exclaimed, ''Her name was Annabelle! She wasn't an object! She wasn't a clue! She was a real flesh and blood little girl who had barely started school! Who probably couldn't even do much more than scrawl her own name on her composition books when she was murdered! She was molested by someone - we know that much! - and then she was killed! What part of the severity of this case aren't you getting?! This is fucking serious!''
My eyelids close against his touch, and stay down this time - blanketing my world in warmth and darkness and the sounds of cars and taxis and ambulances outside our apartment window.
I close the door to the living room and linger out in the hallway for a few moments. I suddenly hear a mewling sound, like muffled sobs. I step closer, just a little bit closer, and listen attentively.
When we are half-way to Yuri's, I come to a decision, and pat down my coat pocket. Feel the small plastic container jingle with pills. Retrieve it from my jacket and let my thumb gloss over the words.
Because in the awareness that both of John's parents drank, and drank far too much, my initial feeling wasn't one of sadness. Like it should have been. Like it would have been for any good friend of an exceptional person, as is the case here. No, instead, my first thought was envy. It was this: that dealing with passed out parents would be better than dealing with lucid, cruel ones.
Realizing that I'm craning my neck - and it's beginning to stiffen - I sit upright, and roll it back and forth. Then I pull a second blanket over Sherlock, but not before brushing the hair out of his eyes.
''You keep it up, and Lestrade is going to lose it. I mean, there comes a point when even the most patient person will have their fill of you.''
John abruptly stops talking and Sherlock blinks rapidly, licks his lips. He's paler now, and looks almost more upset than John.
I let him sit for a few seconds - before asking: ''Do you feel any better since you got some sleep?''
''What's not true? That he likes you, or that he respects you? Or that he could have feelings for you?''
I want to stare up at my little 417 Ashkin home, and study the forms in the windows and the placement of the plant life that the homeowners have selected for the living room and watch as the marmalade cat cozies up to the window ledge and falls into a napping state.
The last readout - gleaned from the scale he had hid away in his room - had put his weight at substantially higher than what I am seeing as recorded from three days previous.
When the puzzle books and majority of the markers and colouring sheets have been removed from the bag, I bunch everything together and put it near his side table, so he'll have easy access after we've left.
I rise up in synchrony, matching his actions. Mirroring his actions. Not the tapping of my hands, my fingers - but standing alongside him.
''That was lunch, and that was - for you - a snack. Some congee. A few tablespoons doesn't constitute a meal; heck, it was barely enough to keep a sparrow alive. You need to eat more than that in a day.''
''Did you think I was going to take if off you? Keep it for my own?,'' he says, with false levity, his eyes revealing concern.
''I don't want it to seem good, John. I don't want it to change in my mind. I don't...I can't explain what I mean, what this means to me. I'll offend you, and I don't want to offend you. I don't want to hurt you. I just- oh GOD,'' and then he suddenly punches his door. Before I can stop him.
''I won't let you put me in a clinic again, Mycroft. So take that off the table right now. It's not something I will ever entertain, and if that's what you are here to 'talk about' - then I want you to get out of my home right now.''
He tosses a bag to me with the words ''Freidlin's Pharmacy'' on the paper. I take it hesitantly and pull out some packages and bottles.
And is it so wrong to want the heat of a home? One that is tied to a number on the door, rusted and long-standing?
''I think he went past the vending machines about 10 minutes back? Something like that - wearing a blue coat?,'' she says gruffly, already consumed with her task and returning to her work.
Five days after John rushes from my home with a look of sickening anxiety on his face, I get a call.
''So,'' he begins in what, I'm sure, he considers to be a laid-back conversational tone. ''Is this someone that Mycroft recommended?''
''Do you see this, Yuri? This is it! It in a nutshell. We talk around this issue, and he never admits to anything. Except rarely, and even then, it's an allusion, not a direct admittance, and I just can't...live in the flat and see him do this to himself any longer. I can't.''
But before I could warn him of Biquick's feisty nature, he had bent down and turned his palm upwards, as if for Biquick's inspection - than Bisquick snapped at him.
He makes a weird sound - a chuckle tied to a choking sound - and then says, ''I know feelings are not wrong.''
By the time I get to the Yard, I am feeling a tight band of pain across my lower back. My stomach is clenching like I've consumed something bad.
I don't begrudge his inability to get this; I don't even know how to articulate what I'm feeling, myself.
The child that had been lurking around me now was, in my mind's eye at least, happy and fat. Gobbling chips and wiping greasy digits on the 1950's themed table-top in impetuous, normal self-abandon.
It was clawing at my cranium, and I knew it, and I knew it made everything slow down and grow dim and fuzzy and somehow hurt less in the physical activity of hurting more. I knew what is was, and even so - I let it back inside.
I dunk my head under the water again, then pour the shampoo out into my cupped palm. Work up a lather in my curls. Mentally count over the areas I still need to clean. Cleansed areas are green. Dirty areas are red.
I didn't even know how to respond to such a statement, and pondered the words for a few seconds; decided to say nothing.
I had never seen a chameleon in the flesh before, and was careful with my handling of the gentle animal - so different in character to that of quick-tempered Bisquick.
''You are in no way responsible for what your father did to you, Sherlock. You in no way consented to what he did, either.''
I can feel the slight prickles of coarser hair near the top of his waist band, and my hand recoils, as if burnt.
If I could, and if it did not scare me so much - I'd let him absorb me completely. To make more of him, and make no-more of me.
Sally wanders off, and I have an immediate thought to just...leave. Certainly if Lestrade sees me as I am currently, it's going to flitter back to John in some capacity. And more than that, I likely won't get the okay to talk to Toby. Not looking ''sick'' as John puts it.
Reframing my question as an inverse of his question is another thing he’s been doing a lot lately, and it makes me want to scream. I can feel my breath coming in staccato bursts.
''What exactly happened? I can talk this over with Greg, or I can talk this over with you. Your choice.''
That said, there is a slight SI warning for this chapter. It's discussion is milder compared to the discussion of the last chapter, but it's present all the same. I have mixed feelings about this chapter, mainly because sometimes I have an idea or two that I want to put into the story - but given my life, at late - it's sometimes difficult for me to get everything worked into the story in a timely manner. So it leaves me adding bits and pieces in a more haphazard fashion.
“That’s what you got out of this?,” John exclaims. “Not, I don’t know – “these points are valid, and make logical sense”? Not “children devise the most creative and hopeful means to escape horror, and that these escapes are normal and indicate a state of mental health”? YOU are not a freak! You have never been a freak! Your reactions are entirely – entirely – understandable! That’s the salient point here. You did what you had to do to survive. SURVIVE, Sherlock. But just because you survived doesn’t mean that you got through that portion of your life unscathed! Everything was taken away-”
Because up until recently I never would have thought that I'd be telling a man that I loved him. Not romantically, I mean.
The soda bottle is more than half way depleted however, so after I take a few more sips I fill up the remainder of the bottle with water, knowing the next bit will be trickier.
Checking the receipt, I feel an undeniable surge of anger. I can see that the book titles are somewhat modified, and shortened in length, but you can make out the last names of the authors and the basic titles of the purchases. It would be easy enough to search codes if someone were so inclined.
The room changes from shadowy and dark to a Peter Pan green. The closet, however, is still darker - as Toby has attempted to close the closet door once more - leaving only several inches open.
I top the shirt with a navy blue sweater, pulling the folded collar down over the top. My hair is starting to curl slightly and I brush it with care. Yuri says that is important, too. Tending to my self-care with diligence, even on days when I’d rather curl up and go back to bed.
His little shoulders bunch up, but his body seems less stressed as he leans forward to see. I take the motion to mean 'ok.'
''Do you feel lightheaded? Hmmm? Do you feel like you've been doused in cold water? Numb limbs, Sherlock? Unreal?''
''Alright. Well, I think that I might know what to do right now, okay Sherlock? I think it's a good idea if John comes back to the flat. I know he'd want to help you right now, and if you can just admit to John - even just to John, and no one else - that you need his help - then you will start to feel better.''
I rest my hand against a black van, my heart racing far too much. Anger, maybe. But mostly upset. These sort of confrontations always take a lot out of me, and as I realize this, my hand brushes up against an old Altoids mint container in my coat pocket. I pull it out and open it up. There are three green apple glucose tablets inside. They've been in the container for years. For when the transport is acting up. At Mycroft's insistence, I keep them with me. And at Mycroft's request, I am to call him if I ever need to take one.
''Bloody stop this, Sherlock. STOP IT. I promised I wouldn't force you, but you're forcing my hand in the meantime. I can't in good conscience let you keep going on as you have been, can I?''
''Oh, I know what this is,'' I start lazily, ''More telephone calls to Mycroft, right? He does love to be dramatic, you know. Create a drama where none existed.''
John is now staring at me almost as if he's afraid. His voice sounds ancient and pulled back, almost clinical, when he asks, ''It felt good?''
''I know you don't want to say. But how about this? You tell me - or you write it down, and then I will talk to Inspector Lestrade for you, okay?''
He then brings his hands together, mirroring my own action. I can recall about a year ago when Sherlock told me about the power of mirroring another person's behaviour. How it can be subconsciously used to flatter, soothe or put another person at ease. Whether he's aware of what he is doing now, which is likely a means of calming me down, I don't know - but I don't put it past him to try.
''Oh, he'll be feeling better soon. You see, John. He has you,'' and she pulls back and examines me, her face softening, ''and what a good friend you are, too. Although he can be a bit of prickly beast, can't he? I imagine hugs don't work on him the way they do for me.''
Of course he wound up in clinic. I could see that possibility from the time he tried to have dinner at my apartment, and barely consumed more than a couple bites of salad before hurrying away.
I know there is something sitting at the edge of my eyes, begging to be let out. Hot and intense and so frequently felt throughout my life – mostly in my youth – and yet so stridently ignored. Pushed down, maybe. What Yuri calls “repression.”
The confident - at times almost arrogant - display he's employed in the past has been stripped away, almost in accordance to the withering of his physical body.
((Thanks for the diligent reading and the supportive comments, you guys. I have some amazing readers, and I don't take your reviews or feedback for granted - please know that)).
Now that I am able to feel the weight of a cup of coffee, and hold it, and connect with it in a way I have never really done in the past – I realize, with a faint spike of sadness – that I probably would have liked (very much would have liked) to have been able to have felt all those little moments without the numbness and without the frenzied need to deny them when they tried to surface.
''Yes?,'' I prod, gingerly. Not wanting to mess this up. ''So? Is that supposed to come as a surprise to me, Sherlock Holmes?,'' and I fix him with a grin.
''Stay here. I'm going to get you a painkiller and a glass of water. Though you look like you should see a doctor. You're pale as a ghost. And Anderson - don't antagonize him for once.''
''I was thirsty, so I drank some Sprite. I was cold, so I took a hot shower! I fail to see how either of those events are capitol offenses! Would you rather I ignore being thirsty and cold too?''
''Sherlock,'' Yuri says softly. ''You need to talk to John. Properly. About this thing that is scaring you. Because he can't read minds.''
I don't speak further, and he doesn't speak. Instead, I make my way to the kitchen, turn on the kettle, busy about and grab two mugs. Check the fridge for meal ideas and check the fridge for fresh cream.
''There is nothing to talk about!,'' I say, suddenly perilously close to tears. More than a half hour of vomiting, and I feel no better than before I ate. Actually, I feel worse. Shakier, hungrier, vertiginous. And the knowledge that this is to be my life now, because I can't get away from my cells - not away from the cell-hunger - not when it comes trundling along in the early morning hours, plaguing my dreams and salivating like a black dog for a meaty bone.
The raised nub of keloid scar tissue. From his gastrectomy, his surgery. I imagine if I were to actually look at the skin, it would be a hot pink, too early in time to have passed into something ivory and fully healed. Or as healed as skin can become after he's been opened with scalpels. Opened up to his insides, had portions blocked off, cut off, taken out, discarded.
So I run with it - if only to preserve his sense of security that he can share what he's shared with me, and not have me change. Not have me harden, or become grave or overtly piteous in his presence.
''You are not wrong, Sherlock. And your feelings are not wrong. Any fears you have - those are not wrong, either.''
Mycroft's parsing seem to throw the doctor for a loop, and the confused look only increases when the elder Holmes deposits what - from scent alone - smells like a French Vanilla and places it in front of me, while placing a mint tea in front of Sherlock.
Rather than causing him to calm, however, my words seem to make his upset greater and the sound he makes becomes even harder to hear.
At the time, I remember being faintly concerned because he suddenly looked different. He looked thinner than I had ever seen him before.
"You are not even denying what happened?," I gasp, feeling hollowed out. My eyes are stinging. "You are not even pretending that you don't know why I got those books?" My eyes reopen, but the scene before me is blurred by the tears that have flooded my sight.
''I'll never not want you in my life,'' I cup his neck, careful of the vertebral jagging so typically padded up in most people. Not this stripped cording of spine, this exposure.
And this is an old conversation, an eternal conversation. I feel as if we've had a conversation like this so many times in the last few months.
I swallow the ice water quickly, until my stomach aches with the weight of it, and wander back to my room.
Sherlock swallows again, his eyes burning around the clasp of my hand on the door frame as if trying to burn away my presence with his line of sight.
“Well, I can see that John’s found our selection of teas. Are you sure you wouldn’t like to make yourself a beverage before we begin, Sherlock?”
''Make blood happy soup?,'' the man - whose tag reads as Bao Binh - adds, ''vegetable broth? Herb?''
Sherlock blinks, his eyes widen almost imperceptibly, and then he nods again - this time more hesitantly.
As always, reviews are love. If you'd like to receive a definite response from yours truly to your review, then please leave your review over at Archive of Our Own (same author's name, Kourion, and of course same story name). It is *much* easier for me to respond that way! I rarely log into Fanfiction Dot Net any longer (except to add a new chapter, of course). However, if you leave a response here then please know it is well received and appreciated too. :)
Because I can accept at some level that being small and vulnerable was something that I needed to snuff out.
Stable? Of course he should be bloody stable. He was completely fine when he left the flat this morning. He ate his yoghurt, he had gotten a shower, he looked a tad pale - but he was walking around and grousing and talking.
By showing him that despite everything that's happened, I trust his perception of his own self. Because right now, he's doing so many things that indicate disorder, and I think he needs to know that I have trust in his self analysis, in his appreciations of life and maybe even in terms of how he loves. His capabilities, and not just the choices he's made that have been self-harming. Because he's likely focused on the negative right now, and what I think he needs to hear is that I have faith in him. Faith that he's going to get better, can get over what's happened to him, and can move on in his life. What's more - that I have faith that everything will remain the same between us.
''You were not stupid, Sherlock. I probably came on too strong,'' I offer, then bark out a laugh - not for once feeling awkward with myself.
''You did really well, honey. That's it for now, alright? No more questions today. We're done for now."
Then I sit on the ground, and open the bottle of Sprite. I drink from it quickly, counting thirty sips. I then lay on my back and do sit ups. The fizz, the weight of the food, the bubbles of the soft drink - they all mingle together and increase the sensation of nausea. The need to vomit.
We do not talk as the taxi navigates the labyrinthine corridors. I do not tell the cabbie the best way to avoid congestion near the Jubilee line, or that construction is occurring near Westminster Bridge Rd.
''I can't do some stuff,'' he explains tentatively, almost scared. ''Some physical stuff,'' he whispers, and I realize then that's he's hearing me - but only partially. He knows I am not forceful, and that I do not judge harshly or superficially - which is how we came to be flat mates in the first place. Yet, he's still assuming there has to be an end to my so-called 'patience.' A time when - I too - will abandon him if he doesn't give me something physical. Even if it takes longer than most, that's his fear - that I too will leave. So his voice sounds like a plea when he speaks again. When he tries to assure me he'll try to give me what I know he doesn't want to give anyone.
''Uh, no,'' Lestrade finally says, when it appears as if my flatmate is not about to add anything more. ''No. I want you to head home, get some sleep-''
Sally turns on her heel, stalking to the door. Furious with me, no doubt. But maybe - hopefully - furious with herself, too.
''I was always quiet!,'' I hiss, a quick and irrepressible furor filling my cells. ''I never made any noise. I didn't even cry! I wasn't-,' and I stop because I'm saying too much. I'm saying way too much.
John ambles over to the edge of the tub, not letting his line of sight come down further than my neck.
The remaining loafer was removed by police. Tagged and cataloged and determined to have been a size 10.5 in children's sizing.
Instead, we drive up to a cobblestone pathway where manicured hedges dot the driveway. A wrought iron fence surrounds a fairly impressive patchwork of greenery and grass. In the near distance I can see a venetian red brick building, with ivy trellising the exterior.
''Come on John. You're flat mates, and Sherlock's Sherlock. So what did you do? Insult one of his experiments? Critique his social skills?''
Or how - on days like this when he eats a little, and doesn't seem too morose - I almost want to say, 'screw it, Sherlock. Do what you want!'
He's not really said much on that at all. And, besides, it was Mycroft who assured me that he never though Sherlock would purge his food. Never thought he had previously, either.
Patient was highly agitated and would not let admitting physician (Dr. Bryony Evans) perform palpation of abdominal area. Sedation was low dose haloperidol administered to calm patient. Low dose haloperidol allowed for functional cursory examination. Patient was examined by Dr. Evans and Dr. Marcus Riley. Endoscopy revealed gastric perforation due to ulceration and necrosis at lower quadrant juncture/ duodenum. Patient was prepped for surgery. Surgery was extended (2+ hour length) with necessitating partial gastrectomy due to presentation of necrotic tissue. Bleed was successfully stopped. Patient was administered fluid drip IV to restore electrolyte and hydration level for a time frame of approx. 1.5 hours. Patient was moved to private room post surgery.
Because, in fact, I don't know that much of John's childhood. Oh, to be sure, I could make an educated guess on a great number of points: he would have been in the smaller percentile for height until high school, but solid in his frame. He was relatively even tempered as a child, and a cheery baby. He would have been slow to warm up to others, but never cold. He would have excelled at sport, but likely wasn't the most studious child until he decided on becoming a doctor. He would have been a comfort eater, who only started to focus on a wider array of foods to eat as an adult.
At shortly after 10:30 am I hear John get up. I hear him pad down the stairs and linger in the hallway, positioned half way between the bathroom and my bedroom. From my bed, I glance over and see the solid shadow of his feet and can almost sense his approaching knock, his approaching ''Sherlock, you up?''
''Alright,'' he offers, carefully. Eyes tracking my own. Trying to deescalate the situation. ''Did he explain any more than that?''
''No, he didn't say much more than that. Said he went away when it happened. Yes, like depersonalization. Uh huh. I don't know, Mycroft! No, not that. No, nothing like that, no.''
I climb about twenty steps to get to the second landing, and walk across parquet tiles. Framed photos on the wall capture images of the family. A few older ones, of baby photos of Toby's parents, apparently - and then photos of them as adolescents and young adults. Then photos together; hiking, camping, in airports. Many candid.
For starters, I learn that many patients healing from such an operation are prone to intense nausea, and often present with dizziness, bloating, weakness, sweating and a rapid heart beat.
''Sexual, no. I don't. But I don't know about anything else. Everything else is a maybe. Or maybe even a yes.''
My throat is tight and my heart is banging against my ribcage so intensely that I can hear it blotting out John's voice.
Generally, even a slight alteration towards health and slight improvement in BMI is considered a rousing success for the treatment team, but is often actively detested by the individual receiving car
''He might want to ask if you are able to identify what triggered you, before. He's going to be concerned, of course he is, but-,'' and I slow, unsure of how to proceed.
I nod and go to find the necessary supplies after depositing my experiments in new regions around the kitchen. I then take a bottle of eco-cleanser that John must have purchased from under the sink and spray the table top with a light mist, wiping everything down with a tea towel.
Sherlock flips the card over in his hand, seemingly studying the design. He opens his mouth as if to interject something before pausing.
I won't feel absolutely composed no matter what I do, but relatively composed is a massive improvement over how I have felt these last few days.
''It seems more removed,'' he says with a noticeable shake in his voice. ''The only option out of an array of options that I could live with, really.''
"Sherlock," the tone is brisk this time. Brooking no argument. The firmness makes me feel better. "It doesn't sound like Mycroft exaggerated anything, does it?"
Even Mycroft's responses to me seem terse. Irritated. Of course, that might just be my guilty conscience.
I mentally go through the symptoms of shock, wondering if he's just had his fill of overwhelm: his limit of bad images and horrific memories.
My hands reach out for a bright red bottle of ketchup on the table, before moving onto a bottle of HP Sauce. Picking that up too. Letting my thumb graze over the sticky bottle. Read the ingredients for something to do. Hear a slight clicking sound. Fingers against plastic.
''Too sweet,'' he mutters under his breath, distractedly. ''I think so. I mean, he's a good doctor. He came highly recommended.''
''Good,'' he says with a quick smile. ''Keep reminding yourself of that. Because I think it's something you need to keep in the forefront of your mind right now. Sexual fluidity isn't rare at all, and a person who identifies as heterosexual can predominantly feel one way for a particular gender but doesn't have to act on feelings for any other gender. The important thing is to proceed with what makes you feel safe. Good. Whole. That's it, John.''
''Louise?,'' I say, trying not to overtly plead, ''this man is my best friend. In the entire world. I may not technically be family, but-''
I try to make eye contact with Sherlock, but his eyes scan the floors, the wood paneling. His eyes studiously seek out patterns and objects, and obviously avoid connection with my own line of sight.
''I never said I agreed with your assessment,'' Sherlock all but breathes. ''I never said - I never gave any indication-''
''The Priory,'' I clear my throat. ''I had a pal at The Priory - he was my mentor when I was first starting out as a doctor - and it just...he, well, I called him up and explained the referral and said as much as I could to let him know what my suspicions were. He is a specialist. Works with children and adolescents primarily.''
AN: This chapter is about Sherlock's realization that what he's feeling isn't some base anger over people who may have wounded him once, or twice, or even repeatedly. But a deeper and darker sense of injustice at what he feels he's lost forever. And how likely is it that such anger would have been properly vented, especially when Sherlock is so adept at donning masks and playing roles and considers himself bad at 'getting emotions'?
''There's no way that you're...swollen,'' I attempt, reasonably. Quieter now: ''Your mind is playing tricks on you.''
''Certainly there are others that lack that impulse. That drive. I'm sure you've done research on it.''
And there was great healing in taking that route, I think. For starters, we both became over-exposed to the terminology, and for Patrick at least – it seemed to take the sting out of the words. In a sense, we talked about it to death.
It tells me that a clinically emaciated man, with an undoubtedly gifted IQ, would only seek psychiatric help to allay the fears of his friend. Additionally, based on John's own discussions with me...I have been made aware that Sherlock is conflicted about his feelings for John.
I try to inhibit my sigh, and slowly get up, stripping his bed of a duvet and pillow, which I then bring back to the closet.
I pause, place a finger over my mouth. An automatic gesture, and one that I have never fully been able to stop.
''It took a long time for that sense of being slow - stupid - to go away. And sometimes? Sometimes I don't think it really ever went away for good. Sometimes it comes back again.''
''We can share the space better than that,'' I say, exhaustion quickly descending now that we're in the dark, laying down. ''Just-,'' I touch his forehead gently, my fingers ghosting over his scalp. ''Just go to sleep. Everything will be okay.''
I realize the co-dependent lock the two of them are in: John, so used to taking responsibility for everything and everyone I suspect, and Sherlock - quick to dismiss himself from responsibility for very much.
I move closer to Sherlock on the bed, not letting the surprise at his language show on my face. His face is flush with heat now, but that just could be due to his layered form huddled up under two layers of blankets. I'd be boiling, myself. Interesting that he'd find my room 'cozy' when I usually find it a tad on the hot side.
While, emotionally, I would like nothing more than to sit with him until he wakes up, I know Sherlock. I know he's likely been under nothing but non-stop surveillance since he entered the hospital, and I know he's likely to wake and be overwhelmed from our last discussion. If I am there, awake (or, potentially, asleep) - he's going to feel surrounded, overloaded.
“Up for a little one-on-one time with my favourite doctor?,” he smirks before grabbing a lime jujube, devouring it, and wagging his eyebrows suggestively.
He did. Looked across to me, apprehensive, like always, his dark curls vignetting his white face in dramatic fashion.
The lock resounds throughout the hallway with an exceptionally loud reverberation of metal upon metal.
''A bit not good?,'' he asks in a garbled tone, his eyes dropping. ''My room smells like chemicals, and it's cold. It was making me sicker.''
''Now the Bactine?,'' I tested, and Sherlock shrugged, as I spritzed the injury with the pain reliever. After a few seconds, the tension in his face diminished, as did the tension in my own stomach.
The room is quiet, and I gulp away my bitterness. My bitterness is swapping places with fear. Being rapidly replaced by fear, actually. And a sense of doom and loss, and in this moment I feel the truth of it all. I sense that not only was I a horrid brother who couldn't save his sister, but I was also the useless son who couldn't save his mother, nor his father. And now...
The doctor is quiet, as I try to appeal to basic common sense. Of course, whether or not Sherlock has ever had any basic common sense is debatable.
Not now. Not with John watching me so carefully. Trying so hard to understand. Trying so hard to fix me. Maybe because I know, deep down, that John would be upset if he were to hear these thoughts. If he were to ever learn what sort of imaginings course through my mind. He'd be shocked, and he'd very likely be sickened.
I open the closet and see the latch to the storage room ajar - the door open. A torch causes the room to glow with spooky blueness.
My legs feel like jelly and I move back down to sit at the bottom of the tub, letting the stream of water beat down over my head. My arms are shaking - less prominently than last night, although the cause this time is likely blood sugar. Low blood sugar, low blood pressure, low electrolyte balance - low something.
''I don't think it's funny, Sherlock. I just think that there may be another reason why you were - and are - drawn to a state of denial as opposed to one where you are bodily fed. Full.''
''Perhaps it would be better if you stayed with Mycroft,'' I attempt with strict control over my voice. ''I don't think he triggers you, correct?''
''Are they just bodies to you, John, or are they people? Is it just sex, or is it something else? Why you don't want them in your life anymore?''
''Oh, stop it with this charade! I have no control over anything anymore! Come in if you want. Stand outside the door if you want. Go to sleep if that suits you! I don't have any say in what you do, and you know that already!''
I send it after lunch, while I finish drying three loads of laundry. Soon, the flat is scented like Snuggle, and I stop the dryers every ten minutes to take out items and put away garments, fold pillowcases, replace the hand towels in the bathroom.
''Other than the fact that gastric disturbances cause nausea and therefore increase the likelihood of someone's appetite being reduced? - then no, I see no correlation.''
Additionally - this is a long chapter. I thought about breaking it up into three roughly equal portions, and then thought against it. Since the next few chapters with take place at Yuri's, with Mycroft - I wanted this to be the last resolute chapter where Sherlock is stuck with his secrets.
Minutes pass, and nothing. And then I hear a ragged breath. I hear him trying so hard not to cry and I feel lost. I cannot say what needs to be said to heal him. I don't know his fears, his insecurities, his doubts and how his previous experiences now trigger all of those, but it seems that whenever I put something out there, in the space of consciousness and speech, he recoils in self-defense.
''But I thought you didn't want to see John right now,'' she volleys back, looking at me intently. ''I mean - I get it. You guys have had a row. It happens with flatmates. It can happen with the best of friends. But if you want to just decompress, you're welcome to come to my place. You can even take a kip on my sofa. I have a rather extensive variety of canned soups too. If you want. No pressure.''
John comes closer, his eyes projecting Ultimate Seriousness. The "We are Brooking No Arguments Today, Sherlock" eyes.
Toby turns away from us slightly, and lets out a barking cough, congested with tears. He knows what he's just revealed, and the force and impact of what he's just admitted to is probably starting to hit him now. Sally moves closer and crouches down by his bed.
It might not seem like the right time, especially as he's still so scared - and obviously still so sick - but he's trying to show the complexity of what's happening to him. Not just what's happening in his mind, not just how he feels emotionally about me - but physically how he might feel, too.
''We have the mum separated, the dad separated. Lestrade has Sherlock separated from everyone. God,'' she exhales, ''what a fucking mess. Toby is just - gone. He's just-''
''I don't think that's true at all,'' I get out, my breath hitching. ''I don't think you've ever wanted to be alone.''
''Because that's what the human mind is designed to do: to make meaning, even if the situation is devoid of meaning. You endured, Sherlock. Through something that will never make sense. Maybe you endured by turning someone else's - your father's? - cruelty into a sense of complicity. Maybe you needed that event to mean something, to have a reason - a reason that you had some control over. Even though you had no control over any of it. Never could have had control over it. Over any of it.''
The food smells good - and it even looks good - and both of those points are causing me a slight, crazy measure of fear that I am trying in vain to ignore.
'It's not his business. It's not your business. It's my life! Those things happened to me! Not to Mycroft! Never to Mycroft and never to you!'
So I sit outside Sherlock's room, my body crouched down by his door. My hands touching the wood of the frame. Wanting to touch his fingertips, and not this coldness, not this barrier between us.
"He loved Mycroft. He loved Mycroft properly. So did Mummy. Don't you see, John? Mycroft was planned, and he was proper. He was supposed to be here. They actually had to try for an entire year to have him! I was not supposed to be here. I never should have been here at all. I was the biggest mistake of our mother's life and the biggest shame of the entire Holmes' family."
''You DO need someone to watch you! Do you think your behaviour is even close to being healthy? Has it EVER been healthy? Do you have any conception of what it means to take care of yourself? I just got you from the hospital following a suicide attempt, and you are wondering why I don't want you to be left around sharp objects? A razor blade? Are you bloody serious?!''
Just as I feel distantly aware that this is very, very right now - I'm also not sure how my brain is going to deal with what has sparked up between us after the absinthe wears off.
And he stops. I don't look up at him. Just study the purified water as it fills to the 32 ounce cut off.
''They are just thoughts that are always sort of there and sometimes...,'' I swallow, stop talking - then resume talking, ''I feel calmer when I listen to them. That's it. That's why.''
''I will be okay,'' Sherlock says after a few seconds of silence. ''I am at Molly's,'' he repeats. ''She wants you to come and eat dinner with us.''
"Can you tell me why you did it then? What was going through your head to make you think-," and he evidently cannot keep speaking.
''Can you please stay?,'' and the words come out in a broken laugh, because I'm so tired of what's been happening lately. Sherlock - revealing more and more, exposing more and more of himself - even without meaning to - and the layers are like layers of something fetid. Something that has started to rot. And my biggest concern is that I'm going to get to see all the way down to the core, and there won't be anything I can work with. Nothing I can salvage for him.
I think through the possibilities of how various responses would be received, especially considering the fact that I've seen such a different side to him lately.
''Mmmm,'' and I'm sure my face takes on a disapproving cast. ''That's edging towards too low to be healthy. If you were an athlete, maybe-''
Sherlock doesn't say anything. His eyes scan mine with rapidity, like wipers on an automobile. Then before I can process what is happening, his lips are against my lips. This time he doesn't press his lips to mine and then pull back abruptly, as if stung - like he had done weeks previously. This time the kiss is much more insistent, and he's not pulling back at all. There is power in this kiss, and a sort of deeply troubling urgency. His lips are very hot, only mildly moist, and he tastes of anise. Something like cinnamon, too. His previous words - his very last words to me, in fact - assail my mind and induce a series of prickling fears and doubts that I need to address. That I need to address right now.
Sometimes even balm on an exposed nerve hurts like hell. And for a person like Sherlock? Who pretends to be hard and cold and insect-oid, no emotions, no padding, no heat inside? Sherlock would probably yearn to have some alone time. To decompress. More than the average person.
''Can you admit to having a disorder? Now? Because you've already done so well? You are already doing so well.''
'At least he drinks water,' I had thought that night, somewhat fascinated by this new man and his eccentric ways. This eccentric genius who seemed to run almost exclusively on coffee, cases, and the fumes of his own fervent discoveries.
''In his room. There is an opening for a storage space, and he's wedged himself between two filing cabinets, and old furniture. We don't want to move anything out of the way with him hiding...,'' and Mrs. Thiesen trails off, glancing over to Mr. Thiesen, perched on the last step of the staircase. He looks over to me, now, his eyes red rimmed.
Mycroft turns away from the window then, and runs a hand through his hair. He actually looks nervous when he continues.
''I can try. Though I know what's going to happen when I'm done with it all. I know what it's going to be like. What it's going to feel like. For me.''
''You can try. But you can never know if you're 100% right? And without a lead in, and without some sort of tell...well, you can't mind-read Sherlock. No one can.''
''He's horrible,'' his voice breaks off, suddenly. Laced with something that sounds suspiciously like tears. ''I almost couldn't believe it when I saw him. It's been more than twenty years. And at a completely different hospital?''
Heart pounding, I race to the kitchen - having an awful image of the plastic dummy Sherlock uses - hanging from the ceiling, rope entwined around its neck.
"His eating remained impoverished on the whole, but he kept to the deal I had proposed, and for several months subsisted largely off of protein shakes. He was growing in height, however, and since I was fairly certain that he wasn't engaging in any purging behaviours, I accepted the situation as acceptable. Certainly not ideal, but better than it had been before I had threatened to have him assessed. I guess, I assumed that after a few years he would grow more comfortable in his new body. That didn't happen."
'I know you did,' I think-speak to the Trees. 'But I don't know where home is from here. I don't know what to do. Which way was I supposed to go to be okay? To have everything Be Done?'
''A couple weeks back, Mycroft told me a little bit about how this first started. This...restriction.''
''You should go back to Baker Street, even if it's the last thing you want to do. Please get some sleep, John. You need rest almost as much as Sherlock at this point.''
Yes! New chapter up much sooner than the previous one. :) Makes me happy. As for Sherlock's change of heart, well, credit memories and realization of disorder that has been in existence for a long time. Credit the power of being there for someone, without pushing them. Because it's incredibly effective. Sometimes when you take the heat out of a situation, you allow someone to confide in you. There is something to be said for calmness. And now it's time for Sherlock's POV.
''I do feel a bit better,'' I muttered, annoyed with myself for my gross oversights. ''Physically.''
But right now, he smirks at me, enjoying our banter, then swallows down the last bit of cold-grungy coffee. I hold back a wince. The drink does look quite unsanitary. There even seems to be a film of oil on the top of it, not unlike old pond sludge across the top of a diseased pool of water.
I start walking again until I find myself in the right section for numbers and make my way down the rest of the street, eventually coming across the residences that I need. The buildings are clean and tidy, but not - again - prominent or ostentatious.
''Turns out he sometimes had - has - excessive reactions to noise. Still does, but he covers for it.''
I knock again, more insistently this time. The locks have been dismantled – and have been since before Sherlock was released from the clinic – though that doesn't mean I want to barge into his space without his permission or without necessitating medical circumstances.
He has been studying me 'surreptitiously' for 10 minutes now; I am trying to pretend that I am not aware of this fact.
And I do blame this on the absinthe, because suddenly I'm hugging him, and breathing deeply into his lanky torso, and I feel so many things. So many things, and the feelings I don't like - the ones you'd call 'bad' - are quickly being replaced by a feeling of connection, and a feeling of safety. And something that feels a hell of a lot like love.
''Well I think it is! I damn well know it is, because his past is shooting the present to hell and interfering with my job!''
''Alright,'' I say gently. ''I respect that, Sherlock. Whatever you can't do – that's okay. Whatever you can do – that's okay, too.''
''For my experiments. Eggs are wonderful harborers of many interesting bacterial strains. There are so many different types of cultures you can grow in eggs, not just salmonella, but other things too-''
I try not to stare. I feel like I'm watching something far too personal. Something private, something that's he's not quite aware he's sharing - if only because he's still so sleepy.
I give him a smile, and he gives me a weak one in response, then starts to make his way across towards Speedy's.
