He fishes his phone out of his pocket and hands his beer to Charlie. He opens his camera app, and trains it on his brother. Objectively speaking, he ends up taking a pretty good picture. Dean’s maybe three quarters facing towards them, lit up by the setting sun, laughing, with his hair a mess and half covered in streaks of dust and dirt.
“Yea, it’ll get easier though. Once you get a thorough grounding, you’ll get better at spotting what’s bullshit and what’s based on the truth. I know these boys have already sent you some titles of texts you can find online, but I’ll put together another list for ya and include it; you know anyone with JSTOR access?”
Sam smiles up at the summer sun and decides that the heat feels good on his upturned face.
“Monsters.” Castiel says to himself out loud. He pauses and looks back at the screen, meeting the monster’s frozen visage.
Sam sighs in relief. “Okay, okay. And the shapeshifter is dead?”
March in Arkansas is warm and not too humid. Great weather for being outdoors. The hunt that brought them here was a simple one: just a somewhat restless ghost. They hadn’t even needed to salt and burn the body; the spirit was a relatively new one and still quite coherent. Between the two brothers, they had been able to talk him into passing on.
“But ask anyways. Joshua and Balthazar both know you’re on the up and up; they might be able to convince a couple people to talk to you,” Sam points out.
“I came to help look after you,” Sam replies, sticking with something neutral and true, no matter what the circumstances are.
“Dispatch copy, one party detained. Location?”
Cas sighs, annoyed. “Yes, I was worried that might be the case.”
"It is nice to finally have the chance to speak with you Mr. Singer,” Cas says formally. Sam thinks he can pick up a thread of nervousness and finds it a little odd, right up until he sees his brother’s face. Dean is looking at Bobby with a look of apprehension and hopeful terror. It bewilders Sam; but then again, he guesses that neither of them have ever really had a chance to introduce a potential partner to Bobby. Even if it’s by phone, Sam realizes he’s literally watching his brother, for the first time ever, introduce their surrogate father to someone he
There had been a shooting. The shots hit a transformer and suddenly, cascading power outages occurred all over the east side of the city.
Sam grins right back. “I think he’d do just fine.”
“I’m wily?” Jesse argues, “You were fucking impossible to pin.”
“Nah, just put the boy on speaker phone, it’s about time I got to meet ‘im.” Bobby interrupts, carefully closing the journal and putting it well outside the potential spill radius. The books get stashed under his chair. Bobby takes a bowl from Dean, while Sam does the same. Dean looks momentarily flustered, but he fights off a grin while plunking the phone in the middle of the desk.
Roy attempts to flip Dean in the midst of their grapple, bending forward and heaving the shorter Dean over his shoulder from where the hunter had been trying to put Roy in a headlock. Dean rolls with the throw rather than fighting it however, and as a result lands in a crouch instead of  flat on his back like Roy was undoubtedly hoping. Without missing a beat, Dean shifts on to one foot and uses his hands to spin himself around, sweeping his free leg out and taking Roy out at the knees. The other hunter goes down hard while Dean springs to his feet and backs off, but staying ready to see how Roy will respond.
Sam was tempted at the time, but he didn’t say anything. And even if he did say something, Sam’s honestly not sure
Sam pointedly doesn’t think about what he saw. Pointedly doesn’t even follow the train of thought about the phone call. He knows who it was, and he’s not going to think about it. Instead, Sam goes and finds the healthy sandwich and salad place that he’d passed, and buys two of their vegan power bowl salads with as much avocado, beets and arugula as will fit in the containers. He adds extra sunflower seeds; and picks the lowest calorie dressing they have.
He looks helplessly at his surrogate father, and Bobby seems to be able to read most of what Sam’s unable to say aloud in his face. The older hunter softens, the wrinkles around his eyes crinkling with fondness.
But the nerdy looking dude, Castiel, has stayed focused for the most part. He even shook off the initial shock enough to draw on Jody and coordinate with her in just a handful of sentences.
Dean skids as he rounds a corner and nearly loses his footing. Still swearing, he fumbles in his pocket for his flashlight. He doesn’t hear any more sirens nearby and decides to risk the light, flicking it on. Desperate, he pushes himself faster now, clearing the next two blocks in a few seconds. The intersection he’s looking for looms ahead but he doesn’t see anything, an extremely worrying prospect.
Bobby flips forward to the pages he was working on, and picks his pen up. Sam notices for the first time that even Bobby has neatened up his handwriting too. Less scrawl, more cursive.
Nothing happens.
No, no. The surprising part is the phone that had been caught between Dean’s ear and his shoulder, and the absolutely bright red, mortified look on his face.
“...I’ll admit,” Cas replies quietly. “I got scared. Dean was pretty composed for most of our conversation. But there was clearly something wrong, I was so worried. And then, Dean got...well he started sounding like he was drunk. And I knew it was serious. That it was bad, whatever it was.”
It’s the quiet susurrus of Dean’s voice that pulls Sam gently to the surface of his sleep. He’s not awake exactly, more like in that place of only the barest sense of awareness. Sam remembers plenty of nights like this one. When he was younger Dean would read to him using a flashlight and a stolen library book. His earliest memories are of exactly this, drifting on the edge of sleep, his brother’s soothing voice filling the car.
this, Dean.”
The handheld radio on the desk keeps time for him. Every 15 seconds it sounds a single tone, letting him know that the police channel is still in emergency status. Chatter breaks through as officers sling information back and forth about the ongoing foot chase. An officer who Castiel can’t recognize by voice alone pants out his present location.
Sam comes in through the motel door, leaving the riot of color and heat outside in the June sunshine, grateful for the clunky A/C puttering away under the window. He sees Dean on the other side of the room, in the middle of tossing his bathroom kit in his open duffle, phone in hand held against his ear.
Sam drifts back off, not really listening to his brother’s conversation anymore. But just like on many nights past, he lets Dean’s voice soothe him into a restful sleep. It’s good to be home.
“Who are you sending that too?” Cesar asks.
Dean shrugs, “It feels like it a lot of the time.”
“What the hell?” he whispers to himself, before opening his eyes again.
Dean pales, and looks away.
“About when you were dead?” Sam finishes, his tone kind, but blunt.
“Cas,” Sam replies. He returns to the detective in question. “Cas? Dean’s up, I’m going to hand you over okay?”
Charlie laughs, “and they say Christmas only comes once a year. Consider it done.”
His brother nods and hangs up, tucking the phone away. It’s been weird for Sam the past few weeks - Dean’s been calling Cas plenty, but they haven’t been having those marathon calls anymore. It’s been ages since he’s come across Dean with the phone tucked awkwardly between his ear and shoulder, or woken from a nap in Baby while on the road to find his brother murmuring quietly to Cas on speaker.
“Okay I gotta call Jody and see what help I can get from her before storming the castle.”
“What’s Cas doing for Christmas?” Sam asks, curious as he flips back and forth between a couple of pages, drinking half his juice in one go.
“I know that you deserve to be happy.” Sam states firmly. “I
before inviting some random cop to my home?”
“Please do.”
It’s just shy of five years now, since Jessica was killed.
Jesse falls, but tucks into a roll, pulls free of Dean’s grip, tumbles and springs up. He whirls and the two men go back to circling each other carefully. This time they barely give each other a chance to breathe, before Jesse charges forward. Dean uses his slightly greater reach to take a swipe at the oncoming man before slipping to the side.
He’s scared, Sam realizes with a flash. Just like Sam experienced earlier, he’s scared of hurting Cas. Scared of worrying him. Scared of leaving him behind if the worst happens; and the worst happening is
“137Echo on scene with 124.”
“Oh, I’m pretty sure that’s not what’s on his mind right now,” Cesar teases. He tugs his husband back into the Roadhouse while declaring he was getting his conquering hero a drink.
“It’s just Uriel and the front desk sergeant right now and they’re covering the parking lot exit and the front entrance,” Lt. Mills explains quickly, gesturing sharply for them to get moving.
Castiel obeys without a thought, tucking his gun away. He notices that the stranger, Dean, is doing the same. They both move in tandem towards the door.
Well, here we are at last.
“Do you have him?”
“I heard that!” Jesse snaps with a grin, not taking his eyes off Dean.
Cas looks up. The intersection sits innocently on screen. He frowns. Four separate cameras for one intersection? That seems...strange. His department isn’t a particularly well funded one, and so they don’t have a lot of city cameras. Most of the ones they do have are set up at high traffic intersections; and even those intersections only have two cameras, max. Why on Earth does this one have four?
“Both of you shut up,” Bobby grouses. “Put a small section in there about wendigos, and how to kill them and include a note that says they’re more common in the Rockies. Jeeze. And leave me some room ‘cause I got a couple paragraphs that need to be added about mountain trolls.”
“...thanks,” Sam says quietly. He feels the need to acknowledge Dean’s silent support out loud. Sam knows that Dean doesn’t need to hear it, knows that there are a great many things that never need to be said between them. But where he can, he wants Dean to know he’s grateful.
“I have reached the same conclusion. Is he alright?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Stops abruptly.
The artwork in this chapter is by the one and only: purgatory-jar! (https://purgatory-jar.tumblr.com/) Please go visit her Tumblr and enjoy all her incredible art. :D
Castiel shudders from head to toe. His arm lists just a bit; but Cas gets a hold of himself and brings the barrel back to center on the thing.
“Harrow and Willow?” he reads. It’s about 2 miles from the station, in an older part of the city. From what he can see on the cameras the street lights appear to be out. The only reason he can see anything is thanks to the waxing half moon that gives the night vision cameras enough ambient light to work with.
“About hoodoo, but yea. I mean if they’re tossing spells into the bottom of freezers, it follows that they at least believe a little bit.” Sam says.
There’s an itch under Sam’s skin to
“Okay, I will.”
“He wasn’t bleeding to death,” Bobby replies, exasperated. But he took a dumb risk to get the upper hand on the shapeshifter and he carried the price for it. He’s got a stab wound here,” Bobby gestures to the meat of his own shoulder, below the clavicle. “It’s gonna take some time to heal up. He lost a lot of blood which is why he passed out. I got some water in him, and into bed.”
Dean sighs, nods his head at Sam, then reaches out and takes the phone.
Dean does so, resting the phone on his thigh while he chugs down the bottle of water. Cas speaks about a strange burglary case he’d been assigned involving people’s potted plants disappearing from their porches.
“Has he gotten sufficient water then? He’ll need to drink a lot of fluid to replenish the lost volume, you should give him gatorade or pedialyte to help replace the electrolytes and nutrients too-”
He clicks on the rewind icon and waits to see what happens.
The two continue on discussing scholarly journals, their conversation easy and comfortable. Dean looks on, a fond smile on his face while he eats. Sam picks up his fork and starts in on his own meal, unable to keep a happy grin from his own face.
It started off pretty simple. Sam and Dean promised to send Cas copies of their journal notes on hoodoo and other witchcraft. Then it escalated.
“And not tease me if they’re dumb ones?”
He gets up and rushes over to the terminal.The camera room isn’t very large, just enough room for two rows of three terminals each. However, Cas has been under the impression only the back row actually worked. Apparently he's wrong, and at least one of the front row computers was set up to run on emergency power. He mentally winces - he’s gonna have to sort out the terminal he’d been messing with otherwise the other camera room operatives will be pissed later.
“Yea, Cas, he’s going to be okay. He’s upstairs sleeping right now. He lost a lot of blood, apparently.”
“Which way?” Sam asks seriously while putting his gun away.
The conclusion is a sweet and funny one, turns out some soft-hearted, green-thumbed neighbor was ‘borrowing’ plants that were clearly not doing well, and nursing them back to health before returning them to their owners. Sam finds himself laughing along with the rest of his little family as Cas details the apology letter that the culprit had mailed out - including detailed instructions on how to go about taking care of the different plants. The younger Winchester has always appreciated a happy ending.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel points to the left where the alley ends in a dead end.
“He got picked up.”
“I’m sure he is,” Bobby replies, idly running a finger over a page in the journal. Sam doesn’t know when it happened, but Bobby is actually looking at a page full of Dean’s notes. His brother had reigned in his somewhat sloppy handwriting for the entirety of the journal, leaving pages and pages of neat writing.
His brother snaps his head up. His green eyes fix on Sam’s hazel ones; something nameless and despairing in his face. But Sam presses on.
“Yea, okay, point.” Sam agrees. The two brothers look at each other for a long moment, taking a break from saying things.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas greets.
“Can’t hold me down,” Dean agrees with a wink.
“I’m afraid to ask,” he says quietly. Dean’s mood shifts a little, and he smiles teasingly at the detective.
“My pain in the ass little brother,” Dean replies easily.
“He’s just waiting on us to get back,” Sam replies, which is still the truth. Cas has already asked them both a few times if they’re ever gonna be back in his area. So far their hunts have had them up and down the Rockies and a bit on the Gulf Coast. But Sam wouldn’t mind at all if Dean wanted to make a trip out of going back to see Cas.
Tasha Banes and her kids were watching from the far edge, she seemed to be explaining a few of the grapples and escapes Jesse and Dean were using. Garth is cheering Dean on, while Richie cheers on Jesse. Tara is one of the last to place a bet, quietly speaking to Jo and handing her a wad of fives. There’s a few faces Sam’s never seen before, but each one also is known by someone he does so Sam doesn’t worry about it much. Still, it’s a good group, no one appears to be taking the fight seriously, and everyone’s just buzzed enough to enjoy the spectacle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dispatch copy, 137Echo.”
Sam has to look away. It has been an incredibly long time since he’s seen his brother be that vulnerable to someone not himself, or Bobby.
“Where is he? Can I talk to him?”
Thanks as always for everyone's comments and kudos, y'all fuel me and my creativity. :D
to say about that.
“Yea, that sounds great.”
Christ, he hopes they are.
There!
“And not tease you if they’re dumb ones.” Dean parrots dutifully back.
“Hey buddy,” Dean greets, and for once there’s not an ounce of artifice, or glibness. Dean’s not ‘on’ when he speaks into the phone. He allows himself his reality, he answers the phone and is tired, is hurting, is frightened. He lets it all carry in his voice.
“I’m sure. I think I need a nice, long walk, to be honest. I’ve got a lot to...unpack, I guess you could say.”
Sam loses track of time. He drinks the beer, listening to the sound of rain coming in through the window. Occasionally, a breeze sends the dingy curtain dancing.
Castiel suddenly realizes that his ears are not ringing, it’s his radio. The device is letting out a periodic droning tone; the channel is in emergency status again. The strange little bubble his head was in pops, and everything is once again up close and in screaming color.
The older man in question, re-wraps his knee and packs some ice packs around the limb; before patting him lightly on the shoulder.
Sam listens and takes that in. He considers what the djinn in Chicago showed him when he was under and starts to see why Dean’s so out of sorts.
“Sam, we’re good.”
“Tell you what: I can send you a copy of my journal. I’ve got a ton of notes on magic and witchcraft. Dean does too.”
Cas frowns, as a police officer not...really liking those implications.
“It’s like I started building something,” Dean begins finally. “I started building something, with Cas. He and I were making something together. We weren’t completely sure what it was going to be, but we were both enjoying finding out along the way. And then...I don’t know, I’ve time warped forward, done a speedrun on the project while Cas wasn’t present; and got a glimpse of the project as it could be in another year or two. Maybe. But it’s a version that’s...all me, no input from him at all.”
Castiel has no words, and what’s worse, he doesn’t think there’s an emergency number he can call in order to get help with...with…
“Shoot.”
He doesn’t know what to do now. How on Earth does one put out a BOLO for oneself? Was this...entity even something that conventional means could destroy? Could shadows bleed? If it looks like a human does it have the same weaknesses?
“...Okay.”
“You kept asking for Cas,” Sam says. He gestures a little in a vague direction. “After I got you down, and was getting you back to the motel. You kept asking me where Cas was.”
The gunfire at the church had of course gotten reported. Castiel doesn’t envy the poor forensics team that is going to have a field day with the interior of that church. Jody made herself scarce before the department showed up. Joshua, Missouri and Balthazar stayed to spin a tale of intruders looking for cash who defenestrated Balthazar in anger when he told them he had already turned all the cash donations from Sunday into the bank. Joshua and Missouri both backed this up with their eye-witness accounts, and went on to explain that the robbers had shot up the church to further express their disappointment before fleeing the scene.
“...I hear you, Sam.” Dean replies.
“It is a little funny, and I promise I will answer all of your questions.”
Cas does smile, “I’m not sure lucky is the word I’d use. It was...extremely unsettling.”
Castiel has just enough time to get the impression of broad shoulders silhouetted by the blue emergency lights in the hallway. The thing turns to face the new threat, and Castiel shifts sharply to the right to ensure that whoever came through the door isn’t caught in his line of fire.
Dean’s face clouds a little as he considers this. He then laughs to himself and grins at Sam.
Cas shoves back from the desk and jumps to his feet, feeling the overwhelming urge to start running. Disbelief wars in him with terror as the thing on the screen molds itself into the visage of a man - tall, leanly built with a broad chest. Features begin to form from the shadowy ooze, the slick appearing texture transforming into textiles and flesh. The part of Cas that is ever the police officer collects the details as quickly as they become apparent: white male, dark short hair that sticks up in messy tufts, dark slacks and shoes, white button up shirt, crooked tie, a suit jacket and trench coat over top.
Lt. Mills is looking at him, a strange sympathy in her eyes.
“Dean, you realize you’re asking me to purposely sabotage infrastructure?”
Cas hangs up and Sam drops his phone into his jacket pocket. He shuffles up to the counter and puts his basket down, smiling apologetically at the teenage cashier who doesn’t even blink at Sam’s blue covered clothing. The kid just slides his iPad over on the counter a little and begins to ring up Sam’s purchases.
Sam sends the picture to Cas. Charlie, who’s watching what he’s doing on his phone, starts cackling delightedly.
An idea occurs to Sam.
“As for the rest of it...well,” Sam continues. “Maybe later? After we get to know you a little more?”
“You look cute when you’re trying to be grumpy.” Dean flirts, delight dancing in his green eyes.
“Just put him on speaker, so we can all talk to him.” Bobby says.
“I’m sorry, Cas. He’s passed out in the back of Baby right now. He probably won’t be coherent for a couple of days.”
“I’ll let you know when he’s awake,” Sam promises. “I’ll text you, or just call you, something.”
“Thank you both. I need to go and finish writing my report. I’ll call again later about the books.”
Eyes that Cas has seen every day of his life in the mirror look up at one of the cameras, and even though the view is washed completely out with green Cas knows without a doubt that the thing’s eyes are blue.
Slowly, Sam reaches out and drags his duffel back over to himself. He rummages around in it until he finds what he’s looking for towards the bottom. He pulls out the thing he bought his brother a month prior at a drugstore in the middle of the night, and hands it to Dean.
“Other than getting thrown head first into a world where monsters like that even exist?” Castiel retorts.
conversations being about
Suddenly, a weird, sickly green light floods the small space. Cas jumps, startled, and bangs his head on the underside of the desk. Cursing some more, he surfaces and cranes his head around wildly looking for the source. Towards the front of the room, he realizes there’s a pair of computer monitors that are showing a set of 4 camera views.
“‘Course I did, you’re my brother.” Sam starts up Baby and pulls out of the parking lot.
“Yea, banged up pretty bad this time. Definitely a concussion, and some cuts and stuff. But I’ll heal.”
“Maybe for you, but I’m the one gonna have to soothe Jesse’s ego if he loses.”
Dean Winchester swears as he runs down the pitch dark street. He quickly ducks behind a convenient car when a cop goes roaring by with lights and sirens. He waits, and only takes off again when the car is well past him.
“Can I ask you another question?”
, me, Sammy.” Dean retorts.
“Yea right. Any sign of the creature?”
Sam holds the phone close, while sliding down on the couch a little. Trying to find a comfortable position, that didn’t pull at his bandages or aggravate his knee.
“I’m sure it was. Still, you found out a lot, and it was interesting to hear that Death himself apparently knows who we are.” Sam says.
“Dean didn’t mention it?”
a chance on a job.
“I should have guessed, this is normal for you all, isn’t it?”
Cas is quiet a moment, clearly taking notes.
“You did help, Cas. You helped get us to Bobby’s to help, that’s important.”
“That would be an enormous relief. Do you think the local magic community here would talk to me? Answer some of my questions?”
“Not important right now, we gotta go, dude. It’ll be back.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees something move on the screen.
“W-w-what?” Cas asks helplessly.
Dean looks like he wants to offer some kind of snark in reply but Castiel’s radio, still clutched in his hand, sounds off another burst of sound.
A breeze sneaks into the room from the open window, and the old, faded curtain waves in  like the edge of a woman’s dress. The rain continues on but the wind dies down, and the curtain falls still.
“It was...good in the dream. Me and Cas, I mean.”
“Ah, and you noticed something was wrong?”
was used this way. She was her own person, a glorious, smart, funny, kind human being with her own life and someone or something decided to reduce her to nothing but a punctuation on a sentence to
“Tell that idjit that we know how to do basic first aid, damnit!” Bobby shouts gruffly at Sam, while he goes by a tray in his hands with exactly what Cas was recommending: two big bottles of gatorade, some water, painkillers and bandages.
“But why though? If you’re serious about your feelings for Cas then-”
“Gotta say Cas, that’s pretty wild. I’ve been dead a couple of times and I’ve never seen the big boss himself, only reapers. You certainly got lucky on your first go ‘round.” Dean says, trying to lighten the mood, perhaps.
“Yea…” Dean whispers and drops back off. Sam drives on.
“Mmm, Dean said the same,” Bobby replies almost absent-minded. He’s not looking at Sam, instead he’s looking at his phone which is in his hand. Sam’s about to ask why when it lights up, ringing. He hands the phone over to Sam who takes it with graceless hands.
“Thank you,” Cas replies. “I...might take you up on that. I promise to call if I remember anything else about...um…”
And why are they feeding in through a different program?
“South Dakota. Honestly Cas, I think you two would get along like a house on fire. In another life, Bobby would have made one hell of a police commander.”
Something moves again on the screen.
Castiel passes her as well, they share a silent glance in which he reads a surprising amount of humor on her face.
“Mmmhmm.”
“Blessed rounds?” Castiel parrots, he feels strange, a sort of detached sensation settling on his shoulders.
“Yes, yes you should do that.”
Dean lets out a dry laugh. “Sammy,
There’s a bitter twist to Dean’s mouth, but finally he looks up and meets his brother’s eyes.
“The license plate reading cameras, they’re mostly set up on the interstate. You two are probably fine. There’s not been a whisper about your car, but just to be safe.”
The art in this chapter is by the fabulous @castielsgal! (castielsgal.tumblr.com) Feel free to go have a look at her Tumblr and stare in awe at her artwork. Goodness knows I do!
For now.
“Central heard the shots,” Castiel deduces, “and they called it in.”
“You dodged an ancient, magical, life absorbing monster, what do you have to be grumpy about?”
He pulls out his phone and calls one of the numbers on his favorites list.
“I guess it’d be nice to meet the boy y’all are putting all this work into for.”
“What?”
He doesn’t look surprised, mostly a little resigned.
“...about witchcraft,” Cas deadpans on the other end of the line. Sam laughs, and Dean chuckles quietly.
Because it
“I do,” Dean replies, the package creaking a little as he squeezes it.
“Before the djinn, what did you think about when you thought about a future with Cas?” Sam asks.
Dean paces one step behind the dude in the trench, somewhat reluctantly impressed with how he’s handled himself thus far. Getting your first dose of the supernatural ain’t an easy reality to face, and Dean knows that it’s something that can go real bad real fast.
“Dispatch copy. Returning Channel 3 to normal traffic, we are no longer in emergency status. 2042.”
“Um, no. He actually asked me to talk about anything except the supernatural.”
Sam tries to swim to the surface of consciousness. But the drag of hurt, pain, and exhaustion pulls him back down. He can just make out the sound of Dean’s voice, tinged with his brother’s own hurts and tiredness, but not panicked or angry. That’s good - if Dean’s speaking, then he’s got enough of a handle on things.
“Once, is all it takes,” it shifts towards the end of the row, grinning as it slides gracefully. Its sharp teeth gleam from the green light of the monitors behind Castiel.
“Some of it is,” Sam explains. “But a lot of what’s on the internet is modern bullshit. No one sources anything and it’s easy to get mixed up on stuff, especially the different kinds of magic out there.”
“Jesus Christ. Okay. Okay.” Sam can hear that Cas is trying to soothe himself more than anyone else. “Is he alright? What kind of shape is he in?”
The hunter slows, switching his flashlight to his left and yanking his gun from the holster at the small of his back. Keeping his gun pointed towards the ground, he swings his light around the intersection, uncaring that he’s wandering around in the middle of the road. The quiet street appears undisturbed, but Dean’s not fooled. There’s a tang of something in the air, a strange musty smell in the air, like old undisturbed rooms or abandoned places. It makes his skin crawl.
“Yea, s’good to see you Sammy. But where’s Cas?”
“Hopefully uncuffing himself from the table in Interview Three. Dean, you have to go -”
He backs up, scuffing his boots as he goes trying to scrub whatever it is off. Somewhat satisfied, he carefully crouches down to examine it more closely. The substance is completely opaque, almost appears dense and reflects the light he shines on it completely. He looks around again carefully, but nothing appears to be out of place other than this weird stuff on the pavement. A car turns onto the road a block or two up from him. Dean scrambles out of the road, cringing as the bright headlights hit him.
“No worries, man.” Dean replies.
Stay safe out there!
Sam lets his eyes drift, while that happens. He’s tired. He’s been going non-stop trying to find his brother. Charlie had threatened to come down to Tempe herself. Even Cas had offered, and Sam could tell it was a serious offer. Bobby was actually already on the road when Sam texted him earlier that he’d found Dean. Sam fishes out his wallet as carefully as he can, (to no avail, he’s going to have to get another new one) and pulls out one of the fake credit cards to pay when the products behind the cashier catches his attention. It’s a standard array of cigarettes, vape cartridges, chewing tobacco, and cheap electronics.
“Yea, blessed rounds ain’t enough to put the fucker down, just scare it off.”
“I figured.”
Jess’ death feels like a punishment, which bothers Sam so much. More as he gets older, on top of the grief he still feels. He wanted a life with her, separate from hunting and the supernatural. And the universe, or the powers that be or whatever, came down and passed a sentence before he even knew there was a trial.
Sam stops, reeling in his need to keep explaining and add more context. He watches to see how Dean takes what he’s said.
“Stay off the interstate,” Cas advises. “Take the coastal highway north, or south, whatever direction suits best until you’re out of state then you can get back on the interstate if you want.”
has anyone managed to see Comet Neowise yet? I put off editing this chapter this evening cause I was out in my front yard with binoculars trying to get a bead on it. I THINK I saw it? Whatever I saw was shaped like a little fuzzy snowball, with a vague tail shape.
“Dude, Dean’s like the most stubborn person I’ve ever met.”
?” Castiel asks, his voice climbing up into the edge of hysteria.
Sam chuckles. “No sir, never.”
The sound of the gunshot is startling. The muzzle flash briefly lights up the back of the room and Castiel drops to the floor as a matter of reflex. There’s an unholy screech of sound and the detective looks up from his crouch just in time to see the thing explode into black shadows. The shadows seem to hang in the air somehow, half-solid, half-liquid, before slithering down to the floor.
“Hey, Cas, um, I’m sorry have you been trying to reach Dean?”
“What was it you were hunting?” Cas asks.
“I have no idea,” Dean replies. “Honestly, Cas, anyone with anything to do with the supernatural kinda tends to avoid the cops.”
Another huge THANK YOU to everyone who's been leaving comments and kudos! Y'all are the best.
“You’ll let us know how Balthazar is?” Sam requests. Cas just nods. The British priest had to be taken to the ER for his lacerations, there was no getting around it. Even when he protested that he could do it himself, he got shouted down by the rest of them. Jody walked away with some spectacular bruises on her back and a knot on the back of her head, but otherwise fine. Joshua and Missiouri were both, thankfully, unharmed.
“And you best be ready when I get back because it’s your turn next,” Bobby finishes with a glare as he goes stomping towards the stairs.
the elder Winchester fairly snarls, stepping through the doorway with Castiel and his brother hot on his heels.
“No bet, man. One hundred percent, no bet. In an hour she’d be lecturing me about ‘not letting this one get away, Dean’ and ‘you better be nice to him, Dean’.”
friend,” she accuses.
Sam gets that. He gets that on a bone-deep, soul-deep, visceral level.
“Is the dehydration that bad?”
Cas closes his eyes, shakes his head a bit, like he’s trying to clear water from his ears.
“I know, Sam,” Cas replies, kind. “It’s okay. I’d rather...I always rather you call. I don’t want either of you to feel like he can’t call me, if you need help. I can help, I want too.”
“You’re on speaker, Cas, I think Sam has some information for you.”
Cas watches, stunned as the something...moves on the pavement. He doesn’t know how to describe it but the pavement looks like it’s...rippling. Like the surface of the asphalt has somehow become a liquid and there is something touching the surface, sending out ripples in all directions. Sliding and shifting shadows appear in the lulls.
“Dean Winchester, I swear to god if you are calling me from lock up.”
“Can you tell if they even have that capability? The power’s out here. They might be down too.”
Sam flips through the rest of his reference not finding what he’s looking for. He ditches the Persian bestiary and reaches for another from India. He needs to refresh his memory on Rakshasas before adding them to Cas’ journal; though he gives a little shudder when remembering that particular hunt.
“Quite, that’s what we talked about next, actually, being on the road…”
“I have a feeling you two will be looking after each other. Castiel is the best detective we have, Dean.”
“It’s the same world, Cas. Just...it’s got a few extra things is all.”
too in a very emotionally driven way.
“Oh,” Dean makes an agreeable noise. “That’s nice, man, you didn’t have to.”
Sam’s not back to full fighting fit just yet - at least, not enough to manage his full runs yet. But he’s been power walking around the motels they crash at whenever he can, pushing himself to either go a little further or a little faster each day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean chuckles humorlessly, “Not sober.”
“God-fucking-damnit, Sammy!”
“Jeeze, boy, just call me Bobby. Dean mentioned that you were interested in some reference books? I got some duplicate copies of a few things I could part with - you want ‘em?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shit - Dean I gotta go, I need to cause some mayhem in the power grid.”
“Oh,” Castiel replies, “Of course, right.”
Wordlessly, the two reach the end of the hall, and Castiel casts a fast glance out the small security window. Gently, he pushes against the bar on the door, easing it open just enough for him to slip through. Then, the man stops abruptly.
“It will?”
Castiel rests his forearms on the railing of the sea wall, hunching over just a little to lean more of his weight on it. The fog of early morning hangs over the ocean, and everything is the sort of soft baby blue color that heralds the dawn. When Cas looks over towards the eastern horizon, he can see the edge of the ocean glowing a faint and steady pink gold.
“That was because some kids got creative with some stuff they found on the internet, Dean, that’s completely different.”
Sam kicks the door shut behind him.
Sam drifts on the couch, letting the cold ice packs soothe away some of the pain in his knee. He obligingly drinks another half of a gatorade before Bobby seems satisfied. Cas can tell a good yarn. He gets into it, laying out the facts of the case, and detailing a couple of the interviews he conducted. Things get weird when some of the missing plants start mysteriously
“Yes, yes, monsters, and vampires, and fireballs, and spells.”
“Should have known better, betting against your brother.”
Charlie starts howling with laughter, and Cesar joins her, while Sam gleefully types back.
Cas blindly gropes along the surface of the desk for his radio, barely managing to catch it before he knocks it off.
“You trust them?” the detective asks of his superior. It’s a redundant question, but he wants to hear it said out loud. Just in case. The stranger looks back and forth between them, a bemused look on his face.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam returns, unable to fight the smile. “You were saying something about paper towels wrapped in aluminum?”
The detective gets up from the desk chair and paces back and forth in front of the computer. He runs his hands restlessly through his hair, tugging on the strands hoping for some kind of inspiration, but nothing comes. Castiel has no idea what to do.
“No, it’s okay, man. Look I’ll text you when we’re settled and check on the status of Dean’s phone. I’m not even sure it’s working, I found it but it’s pretty battered.”
“Thank you, that would be...that would be a huge relief.”
“I’m not straight, and you are absolutely right about that,” Cesar agrees.
“Yea, dude.”
“Yes,” Lt. Mills, Jody, says firmly. “I trust them with my life.”
“I mostly talked about beekeeping. But then we switched to gardening, and how to garden with only native plants. Dean has seen places where kudzu has swallowed entire houses, did you know?”
Sam knows he doesn’t have to say anything more. He knows Dean will understand all that he’s trying to say - every layer of the argument is covered by that one statement. Sam’s not overjoyed at the prospect of hurting Cas or causing him worry, but this is the truth of the matter. It’s Cas’ choice.
Another gunshot sounds, its flash much closer than before. Castiel flinches, but he can tell that whatever the other guy is packing is working. The thing screams again and this time sinks into the floor and completely out of sight.
“Ugh, gross, what the fuck?”
. Sam knows intellectually that it’s not, this isn’t
friend,” Sam corrects.
“Thanks, Cas.” Sam says with a smile. He claps Cas on the shoulder and gives him a friendly squeeze. “You’ve got our numbers, use them okay? And be careful, The Empty was wearing your face for an entire evening and we don’t know all that it got up to.”
Cesar nods sagely at him. “You’re right, you’re a good friend.”
Sure enough, Dean’s phone, which Charlie had been holding for him during the fights, starts ringing, Cas’ name lighting up the screen. Dean cuts him a glare but Sam just smiles innocently, and steals his beer back from his brother’s unresisting grip. He and Charlie both pull away and head inside too. Sam casts a glance over his shoulder, just before stepping out of sight. He sees that whatever Cas had said to Dean in greeting over the phone, a new flush has taken over his brother’s face. Dean looks more than a little love struck. He looks happy.
“Up and over I’m afraid. The alley empties into the street which is visible from the parking lot. But, if we can get over that wall, we’ll be in the courtyard behind the historical society’s office and they never lock the gate at night.”
Dean softens a little, stands a little closer, smoothes one hand up Castiel’s arm from elbow to shoulder.
“You find something?”
department issued handgun still trained on the floor.
That startles a laugh out of Dean, but it’s followed up by a sad look.
His moronic little brother had better not have gotten fucking caught.
Cas isn’t sure he was ever going to sleep again. His heart races in his chest, and he feels strangely out of breath and somewhat dizzy. Slowly, he reaches around and finds the desk chair. Carefully he sits down, looking again at the camera views on the screen, wondering if he’d just hallucinated.
The creature raises a hand and waves its fingers in greeting, its face - his face - twisted into a mocking, sarcastic grin. It then turns on heel and stalks off, the long legged gait eating up the distance and just like that it’s gone from camera view completely, leaving behind the quiet, empty street once more. How could the thing have known Cas was watching? How could it have known to take on his visage?
“I’m sorry, Cas. We don’t want...we don’t mean to make you worry.”
Sam quietly puts the stuff he bought from the local Wal-Mart down on the end of his bed. And moves to sit on the side of it, facing Dean’s bed where his brother is pretending to be busy packing up his stuff. He knows that if he tries to lead into this, Dean will probably dodge the conversation entirely. And if he’s being honest with himself, Sam’s not completely sure
“Mountain trolls?” Sam asks, stunned.
“Uh,” Sam replies intelligently. His mind races, trying to put together words to describe why it doesn’t feel weird to invite Cas into their safe spaces. Bobby’s just feels like home for both brothers in a way that equates them thinking of the place as
“I haven’t been a twink since I was twenty!” Dean argues.
, Halloween is a huge part of his life as a hunter. Samhain is one of the holy days for those that practice the craft after all, and while not all witches and practitioners are bad - Halloween almost always means fighting a magic user of some kind. He’s usually grateful for it. Focusing on a case means he can ignore the way his heart insists on pulling out all his memories of Jess.
Sam calls timeout somewhere in Tennessee. They took Cas’ advice about avoiding the interstates, but it meant that they ended up taking two days to cover what they would normally do in one. They’re on the west side of the Great Smoky Mountains, and too tired to bother finding a motel, so it’s them and Baby tonight. At least the weather is nice. The mountain air has got that first little autumnal bite to it, as the breeze steals softly over Sam through the open window.
“I don’t know what you are called specifically,” he continues firmly, unwilling to deny what he’s looking at. “But you are some kind of monster.”
The detective looks up into the face of his back-up and is startled to find that they’re not another officer or detective. A stranger dressed in civilian clothes stands there, his decidedly
“What? Me? Never.”
Charlie hangs up. Before Dean can put his phone away it buzzes with a text from her with the address for the local police station. He taps it and waits for it to load on his map app.
“Heya, Sammy.” His brother greets, with a wan smile. “Who ya talkin’ to?”
“You’re handling this pretty well,” Dean puffs as they hit a stairwell.
“No, but I think something manifested back there.”
Dean grins, delighted as he slides the half full journal across the desktop to Bobby’s waiting hands. Sam shakes his head and tries to juggle the two reference bestiaries (one on European monsters and myths, another from the old Persian Empire, helpfully translated into English) and his own journal on the tiny amount of space he’s been allotted at this desk.
“What
“You’re on speaker, Cas. Bobby, meet Castiel Novak, detective, newbie hunter, and aspiring beekeeper. Cas, this is Bobby.”
“We were deep in the sewers, I don’t think it’ll be found.”
“Ah,” Sam says before he can stop himself. “That’s…”
Sam (17:37): You’re welcome! :D
Detective Castiel Novak swears angrily under his breath as he frantically fumbles the plug of a power strip into a different socket, hoping that this time it would be the right one.
“I didn’t, but he’s been all over the country, multiple times so it doesn’t surprise me.”
He does feel bad for whoever is going to have to clean the basket he’s using once he’s done though. He’s gotten the blue blood everywhere. He tries to make sure not to leave sticky fingerprints on the merchandise or shelves. He grabs some large bottles of gatorade, two packages of bandages, sterile padding, rubbing alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, a huge bottle of multivitamins, and two boxes of the cheapest protein bars. That’s enough to get started.
“Dean gonna
“I’ve been trying to reach any of you. Bobby stopped answering after the fourth time.”
“You are too. And for what it’s worth, I think you’d make a good boyfriend. You just gotta give yourself a chance.”
“Dean,” There was so much in his voice, Sam wasn’t sure he himself could parse it all. Luckily Dean doesn’t seem to have that issue.
“M’kay. M’tired, Sammy.”
“Yea I’ll text you when I’ve got Sam. Thanks Charlie.”
“Oh. Dude, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to-” Dean cuts himself off, listening. His countenance flashes to anger. “Well fuck them then. I’d invite you to South Dakota but that’s a hell of a drive.” Dean waves at Sam the universal signal for ‘later’; and goes back to the kitchen, still talking to Cas about the drive and then espousing on the dangers of flying.
“He’s awake?” Cas asks, every syllable relieved.
Castiel takes the lead, shoves his radio into his pocket and tugs the coat on while speeding down the hall at a jog. The emergency lights offer just enough illumination. He doesn’t have to check over his shoulder for the stranger, he can hear the sound of his boots against the cheap linoleum.
“You called Bobby four times?”
“Is he very tall?”
But Dean doesn’t say anything. Instead he takes the shopping bags in his hands directly to the kitchenette and unpacks the stuff he bought. Sam watches from the corner of his eye as Dean takes out several bags of Halloween candy (of course), a couple six packs of beer (naturally), and some extra toiletries that Sam had forgotten he was running low on. His brother pops most of the beer in the mini fridge, holding back two. He silently delivers one to Sam’s hand.
“You were meant to!” Cesar shouts back, good naturedly. “Now kick the twink’s ass!”
Dean walks up stiffly, clearly favoring his ribs still and takes up position on his left. Sam joins a second later and stands on his right.
“What?”
“Dispatch - negative, Camera Room has no view of the area. The power outage has affected the police station. Will update if I’m able to bring anything up,” Cas growls into his radio. He tosses the radio down on the floor and goes back to checking the next outlet with the power strip. At least one of these outlets has to be looped into the back up power generator in the basement - the hard part is finding it.
It’s his Lieutenant. She’s out of breath and in civilian clothing, but she’s also armed and obviously ready to help with whatever threat that needs facing.
“Jian gui,” Charlie curses viciously, making Dean freeze.
“Cas is good people,” Sam assures Bobby.
Sam doesn’t say anymore, glad that that it’s not needed. Dean’s phone rings, breaking the somber mood, but not in a bad way. Sam is already feeling lighter.
His radio continues to chatter, as officers report on the status of the suspect and sort out his transport to the station amongst themselves and the on duty sergeant. Cas nudges the mouse again, looking for any kind of menu option. He clicks around a bit, on the title bar, on the image itself, at the corners. No menu appears.
“I’m not trying to be grumpy, I am grumpy.”
“Okay, okay. Yea, I’ve been avoiding him some.”
“Yea, I’m going to be okay. It’s gonna take a few weeks though, the shapeshifter got me good with a knife.” Dean shuffles over and carefully eases himself into the armchair. Bobby starts to unwrap the bandages around Sam’s knee. It’s painfully swollen, he wrenched it awful when he’d tried to land in some semblance of order at the bottom of the sewer. Looks like they’ll be crashing with Bobby again for a bit.
. But as Sam looks around at the spindly Christmas tree that he and Dean dragged down out of Bobby’s attic three days ago and decorated with dollar store ornaments, or the muted TV where Dean put on the Christmas parade and then acted like it was already on that channel, no big deal. And then over to where Sam draped the leftover Christmas lights across Bobby’s mantle in between the weird collection of spell ingredients, two animal skulls, books and weapons - Sam can’t help but feel...home.
“Why?” Sam asks.
“What’s going on with you and Cas, Dean?”
Dean doesn’t add anything here, he just sort of stares out at the water with a somewhat unhappy look on his face. Cas doesn’t want to pry. As much as he is curious, he’s already got enough stuff to work through right now. And he feels like he needs to be at his best before hearing whatever story the Winchester brothers have to tell about their past.
“We better hit the road, Dean. I don’t want to get stuck in morning traffic.”
. “Okay no, two things,” Cas rushes to say, “No wait, three things. One, mouth to mouth does not count as a kiss, seeing as I was dead at the time. Two, If you want an actual kiss please just ask, don’t wait for when I’m dying. And three, what are you doing tonight?”
Big THANK YOU to everyone who has left me kudos or comments. I really appreciate it! :D
“I’ll bet Cas would like to give it the old college try right now.” Charlie snarks, smiling. Dean looks confused. “Sam sent him a picture.” She goes on to explain.
. The stranger pivots smoothly on one foot and brings his gun instantly up to aim. Cas is but a split second behind him, his training taking over. He shifts minutely against the desk to the stranger’s left, both of them on defense against the new threat.
Sam switches his music off and pulls his headphones out as he reaches the motel door. Key in the lock, he’s already wondering if he can convince Dean to go with him to a cool sandwich and salad place he passed on his walk, somewhere that could satisfy both of them. The taller Winchester pushes the door open after unlocking it, and-
Roy taps out of the match, waving the disappointed shouters off as he scoops up his hat from the edge of the crude ring the spectators have formed. He gets several claps on the shoulders from his other friends. Dean stands in the circle, arms out in welcome challenge. A burly looking dude that Sam had only met today, Jesse, who had come out to the Roadhouse with his husband, steps into the ring. The other guy is shorter than Dean, bald with a short beard, but he’s got the air of a guy who’s patient. Sam doesn’t think Dean’s going to have an easy go with this one.
“What about Dean? Bobby wouldn’t tell me much and I...I mean, he...he didn’t sound good on the phone earlier.”
“It’s not funny Dean, I have
Lt. Mills lowers her own gun and quickly holsters it.
Cas meets Dean halfway into the lean, he wants to taste the man’s smile and it’s better than he imagined. He’s a good kisser, just the right amount of give, sweetness, and hunger to keep Cas utterly focused. Castiel moves his arms up, hands trailing up Dean’s sides and then over his back. Dean reciprocates, one large hand going to the back of Cas’ head, fingers spearing through his hair, the other dipping to his waist then the small of his back.
Sam laughs this time, because it’s true. Cas’ somewhat reserved, but utterly sincere manner would secretly delight Ellen.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, he called me while driving to South Dakota. He said he needed help staying awake and asked if I could just talk to him.”
“Yes, Sam should meet you there. Castiel, can you get them away? Without getting caught?” Lt. Mills queries seriously.
“Ten bucks says he’s got Ellen charmed inside an hour.”
Dean gives him a brief, tight squeeze on the shoulder, and takes the empty chair next to him.
Castiel knows he’ll be dreaming about black wings for a while though.
“I will,” Cas agrees. Sam nods one more time at him, and then heads off towards the stairs. He lopes easily down them, and back towards the Impala.
isn’t the problem. Feeling like you deserve the things is the problem.”
I...honestly can't believe this is over. It seems ridiculous, but I've been working on this story for well over a year. A huge thank you to Jaeh, who when she heard me spitball this idea at her late one night, encouraged me to write it. And then kept encouraging me every time I got discouraged. She's also the one that drew the FANTASTIC fanart for me for this last chapter. I cannot thank her enough.
There’s a sheepish pause on the other end of the phone. “I may have been googling things about your’s and Dean’s injuries and kept having questions.”
“I get that Sam, really, but dude, we ran into a fucking Tibetan thought form in the back ass end of nowhere Missouri!”
won’t chicken out. With that in mind, Sam grasps his courage firmly, takes a deep breath and just dives straight in.
The other spectators are cheering, hooting at Roy and Dean both. The teasing and shouts are all good-natured, and Sam finds himself gleefully collecting a small bet from Walt who’s also laughing while handing the money over.
“Can I kiss you, Cas?”
“Seriously? My brother talked about beekeeping?”
Forgive me for the cliffhanger! I promise the next chapter will be along shortly. Thank you for reading!
“You’re welcome, Sammy.”
“Okay,” Cas says, agreeably. But Sam can tell there’s an edge of something - the niggling worry still hasn’t gone away. Sam knows from experience that it probably won’t until Cas can talk to Dean himself.
“You too.”
Dean sizes up Jesse, and after a moment’s deliberation strips off his flannel. Sam is surprised, Dean stripping down like that means he’s actively trying to better his chances at the fight, which wasn’t something he hadn’t done while sparring with Roy, or Walt, or even Tamara. The maybe two dozen or so hunters around them seem to pick up on this too, because an anticipatory hush falls over them as they watch Jesse and Dean start to circle each other.
“You’re both idjits.”
“Uh...yes?”
The teen just grabs one off the rack behind him and rings it in as well. Sam pays for the lot and hurries out to Baby with the supplies in hand. Dean is still passed out in the backseat, one of their heavy wool blankets draped over him. Tempe is chilly in the evenings, even in May, and Dean needs all the help he can get to stay warm. His brother stirs just a little when Sam closes the door.
Sam finds himself extremely grateful right now that djinn blood is blue. Blue blood means that when he’s wandering the aisles of a Walgreens at 2 in the morning covered in the stuff he just looks like the victim of a prank gone wrong (or right, depending on your outlook) rather than a homicidal maniac.
“Does the store owner know the kids? You could talk to them.”
“Jeeze, what did you two talk about then?”
Sam props the phone between his shoulder and neck, wincing as he does. But he needs his hand free to grab some ibuprofen, and then some anti-nausea meds from the shelf. He then doubles back down another aisle and gets the special, heavy duty lava soap. Sam had almost forgotten that getting this blood off of him takes more grit than lather. His neck twinges in protest at the sharp angle and he grabs his phone before it falls.
“I cannot be here unless I am seen.”
The detective hangs up and Sam sets his journal on the table. Dean taps his phone on his leg a couple of times, a smile still edging around his mouth. Sam closes his journal and picks his beer back up.
He taps the escape key. The program doesn’t close or even minimize.
“I don’t have a choice, do I?” the dude replies, his voice a quiet growl that echoes off the cinder block walls as they descend. “Who’s Sam?”
“Out the delivery entrance?” Castiel asks to confirm. He knows it’s the only other point of egress for the station.
“Oh! Of course, I’m sorry I’m interrupting you. Please, I’ll call you back later - you’re on west coast time right? Jesus, it’s 2am where you are then.” Cas rambles, and Sam belatedly realizes that if it's 2am where he is, then it's 5am where Cas is. The detective had probably waited all night for Sam to call.
“Y’all aren’t talking as much as you used to.”
He takes in one deep breath, and then another, forcing himself to do it slowly. He rolls the chair forward to the desk again.
“Oh, I hope not. How would I even go about getting a curse dispelled? What if whoever is cursed doesn’t believe me?” Sam again fights a smile. The poor detective sounds genuinely concerned.
And then Dean called his contact and Sam called Bobby and after that there were a bunch of back and forth emails wherein Bobby ended up getting the practitioner's number off Dean. From what Sam and Dean can tell Bobby has a new friend to bitch about spell ingredients with.
“We’ll get you into a shower later tonight, I know you’re probably dying for one.”
Cas glances back over to the row of desks behind him - he’s forgotten his radio on the floor.
Sam flips through his journal and finally finds the appropriate page.
“Some?” Sam presses again. This time Dean shoots him his own wordless look and Sam pulls up. He changes tracks. “When I got nabbed by that djinn in Chicago years back, it was...disorienting coming out of it. I had really intense dreams for days after, and I would wake up and feel out of place all over again.” Sam offers.
“We’re not kidding. Shapeshifters have taken on our faces and racked up some shitty fucking charges in our names.”
Dean bustles in not three minutes later, juggling three bowls of something delicious smelling. He also has an extra beer in the crook of one arm, and his phone still cradled between his shoulder and ear.
Viscerally, he suddenly has so much sympathy for the witnesses of crimes. As a detective, he’s interviewed so many people who were shaken to their cores by what they had seen. Getting coherent statements from them could take hours, even days. It was easy as an investigator to get frustrated by the delays and privately wonder how someone could be so incapable of putting their experiences into words.
“Yea,” Dean replies, still not looking at him.
“Sorry, dude. I got distracted,” Sam answers on autopilot. “Trying to get all the supplies I need.”
“It’s not bullshit,” Sam points out. “Wanting a life that’s not just hunting, it’s not bullshit.”
“On Hanover, between Fishburne and Broad.”
“I...have no idea what to say to that,” Castiel manages to get out. Dean’s entire countenance changes. Castiel can see the walls snap up and he’s desperate to stop it because
The brothers nod at each other.
“Can I point out something?” Sam asks tentatively. Dean gestures forward to the space between them.
“Do I get to know the story behind what he was talking about?” Cas asks.
“Well, beekeeping for a bit.”
At first, they just made some photocopies of the relevant pages from their journals and were going to staple it together and mail it off. But when Sam was reviewing the compiled materials, he instantly noticed there were actual discrepancies between some of the things they each had. Dean had extensive information on some hoodoo protection spells that directly contradicted some things Sam had learned about hoodoo curses - which lead the two of them arguing about it.
on people’s porches.
His brother takes it, his fingers closing around the still wrapped pair of earbuds, a little microphone set into one of the wires. The cardboard and plastic packaging proudly declared that the earbuds were perfectly compatible with most current models of smartphone.
The two brothers sit in silence once more.
Sam’s mouth is dry, and he suddenly has to fight back the stinging behind his eyes. He doesn't know why he’s overwhelmed, but it’s a rush that feels equal parts joyful and heartbreakingly comforted.
“I will. Bye, Cas.”
Jo is already gleefully taking bets nearby, the bar’s tip jar re-purposed as the cash hold, while she frantically scribbles down the details on her orders pad. It’s a blistering late August afternoon in Nebraska, but the hunters don’t seem to mind much as they gather out back of the Roadhouse to watch a little friendly sparring between their fellows. Ellen is yelling at them all from behind the bar to shut the damn door they’re letting all the A/C out, but there’s a few people who are gathered in the doorway enjoying both the spectacle and the cooler air.
“I gotta go Cas, gotta feed the ravenous hordes -”
“Your boy is fucking wily,” Dean announces to Cesar, stealing Sam’s beer without a so much as a by your leave. He drains more than half of it in a few gulps. Jesse tucks himself up under Cesar’s welcoming arm.
“Very well, this helps, thank you both.”
“Cross my heart,” Sam teases, trying to lighten the somber mood.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You boys only try this hard for people you care about,” Bobby remarks, “And that’s good enough for me. If this Cas ever needs a spot to crash, you can tell him to come see me.”
“Who are you?” Castiel asks, breathless. His ears are ringing.
“Oh my!” Dean tags on the end. Castiel tries to scowl at him but he doesn’t think he’s successful based on how Dean’s grinning at him again.
“He drove us here from Hastings, while bleeding to death?” Sam rasps, angry. He can’t remember exactly how the last few minutes of the hunt went. He just remembers getting thrown down part of the sewer system after the shapeshifter they’d been tracking slashed him bad with an incredibly sharp knife.
“Looking for you of course.”
“Hang on, lemme check...yes! You’re right, power’s out for half the downtown area including the station. They won’t be able to transmit the fingerprint scans.”
Dean sobers up, glancing over his shoulder a moment, trying to quell the sudden resurgence of adrenaline.
“How do I tell a dude that I like, who has been building the most bizarre sorta, kinda long distance relationship in the history of long distance relationships with me, that ‘Hey man, I married you in a dream. A thing I never let myself even day dream about. And because of supernatural bullshit, I lived it like it was real. And it forced me to realize, sooner than I had planned or expected, that you’re it for me. But now that I’m awake, this doesn’t feel even anymore, ‘cause I’m further down the road we were travelling. And I want to talk to you, I want to hear your voice, but when I do, it shreds me inside.’ How do I tell him that, Sammy?”
“Can you imagine the dude in the Roadhouse?”
Sam looks sympathetic. Dean just nods in agreement.
Dean laughs. “That’s the spirit.”
Cas gives a little pause, but then rushes to reply. “I would love that, yes. I find myself in desperate need of information that has already been verified. There’s so much to be found on the internet of course, but it’s hard finding out what is true and what’s not.”
“I walked of course,” it remarks airily, shifting on its feet, unconcerned. The way it moves reminds Castiel of fish in water, it slips to the side as though the muscles underneath its stolen skin aren’t articulated in the same way.
Thanks to everyone who has commented and left me a kudos, I treasure every single one of them. <3
“Sam?” Cas’ voice is relieved, worried and tense all at once.
“Dispatch to all units, commanders have been paged, 2133.”
Sam forces down the lump in his throat.
Dean nearly runs into his back, halting just in time so that he has enough room to reach for his gun. Before he can pull it however, Castiel slowly pushes the door open and he is greeted by the sight of his brother pointing a gun at them both in the weak light.
“Probably for a few more days, I need to put in some work on Baby while we’re here,” Dean remarks to the person on the phone. Sam has gotten used to the common sight of Dean either phone in hand or phone cradled between his ear and shoulder over the past few weeks. He’s been spending more and more time chatting with Cas. So much so that these days, Sam just assumes that whoever on the other side is probably Cas.
Sam’s quiet for a moment, his grip on the basket makes the plastic creak a little. He wants to tell Cas yes. He wants to tell Cas that he should absolutely do that, and to call Dean maybe day after tomorrow so his brother will have something to focus on, to look forward too.
“Hey, could I get a pair of those too?”
“Gee willikers, thanks ever so,” the stranger quips with a level of sarcasm that Castiel can’t help but admire a little bit, given the present situation.
It drops a pin only about two miles away. Dean looks around uneasily at his dark surroundings. When nothing stirs in the shadows, he turns his feet towards the station and starts walking.
The lack of street lights makes Dean more careful than normal. The last thing he needs is to take an accidental header off a misplaced curb because the moonlight is giving everything a weird depth. But he’s pressed for time - he’s at least 3 or 4 blocks away if his memory of the old maps are accurate.
He wonders who Dean’s talking to. His brother’s voice is soft, but not just in a way that means he’s trying to be quiet. His voice is soft the way it is when he talks to scared victims, children, and people he loves.
“143Echo to Dispatch - suspect has been - detained.”
“Good.”
Something hitches in Sam’s chest. He knows Dean loves him, probably too much by half (though Sam can’t fault him for it, any more than he can fault himself), but it does him good to hear it out loud.
“Not great shape overall, he’s severely dehydrated and starving. But he’ll bounce back fast once we get him somewhere where he can sleep and rest. We’re too far from Bobby’s right now, so we’re going to camp out in a motel room for a few days.”
“He’s being transported to the local station near you. Dean, I don’t have time to hack NCIC to keep his fingerprints from being run.”
Stay safe out there <3
Dean turns the earbuds over in his hands once more, and then finds the flap to tear it open. He wrangles the earbuds free and unwinds the twist tie. Sam gets up and dumps the stuff from his Wal-Mart bag into his duffel before zipping it up. Dean tries on the ear buds, and as Sam opens the door to head back outside he hears his brother greet Cas on the phone.
“Then you might not have anything to worry about. Freezer spells usually need something, a person’s name at the very least, to successfully take hold of a target. It sounds like these may be just kids messing around with some basic spell work.”
“Shit!” Sam exclaims, bounces out of the room like the floor is lava and slams the door shut in his own face. He wrenches the keys free and very quickly power walks his ass away.
Dean waves his consent, disappearing around the corner. A minute later there is the distinct clatter of pot and pans that signals Dean’s getting dinner started. Sam realizes how hungry he is the second that he hears something hit a hot pan with a sizzle. The smell of garlic and onions fills the air.
Ah, Castiel thinks distantly to himself, so this is what shock feels like.
Dean shrugs, “We don’t know a whole lot more than what I’ve already told you, back at Joshua’s church.”
A shout goes up, wrenching Sam’s attention back to the fight. Jesse’s got Dean down on one knee and has nearly got him successfully pinned. Dean manages to shove himself back though. He’d dislocate something if Jesse didn’t let him go, clearly not wanting to seriously injure Dean in a sparring match. His brother lands on his ass. Jesse tries to reset fast enough to move with him, keeping one hand fisted in his t-shirt, but Dean’s faster. He scrabbles back out of reach. Jesse ends up yanking Dean’s t-shirt off, which Dean lets him do so he can jump to his feet, free and clear. Jesse laughs and tosses Dean’s shirt at him. He catches it easily; and he’s laughing too.
“Dean?” Sam asks, instantly dropping the barrel as soon as their eyes meet.
“W-Why are you here?”
The stranger relaxes, “Jody,” he says with relief. “Where’s Sam?”
“But I could call you?” Dean asks.
“The big bad is gone, no one permenantly died to make it happen, and I got to kiss a hot cop.”
“I beg to differ,” Castiel butts in. “Back up is probably already pulling up out front, we have to go.”
, to Bobby’s house. Especially considering how many bodies and other things are buried out under the junked cars.
Apologies for the wait! I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Please leave a kudos or a comment with what your favorite line was! Thank you Jaeh for all your editing help on this one. :D
He focuses on the task at hand, and puts his burning questions on hold.
“Call Cas, talk to him, please. I can’t take much more of all of
Jody rolls her eyes at him.
Bobby gets up from beside the couch and presses a bottle of water into Sam’s hands before doing the same to Dean. Dean struggles a moment, he’s clearly reluctant to move his left hand or arm due to the wound on that shoulder but he needs his right to hold the phone.
“Can I tell you what I know?” Sam asks, perfectly willing to let Dean answer honestly and abide by it.
“Up and over it is.”
Cas gapes at him. Dean keeps on grinning, but Cas can see the uncertainty in the other man’s eyes. His hand on Castiel’s shoulder is shaking just a bit. There’s a blush starting to color his cheeks. The man has freckles. It’s adorable.
Charlie bumps Sam’s elbow and hands him a cold beer. He shifts over so she can step her shorter form in front of him to get a better view.
“Sam! Shut the door will ya! I ain’t paying to fucking cool the outside!” Ellen yells.
“I talk to him practically every day, dude.”
His phone buzzes in his hand again, and Cas startles. Out of habit, he looks down to see his Lieutenant has responded.
Dean perks up, “Yea, Cas, we’ve also got access to some real books on the subjects. We can send you some titles to start with, okay?”
“Okay,” Castiel returns, turning to look at Dean. The other hunter has already turned towards him, and is looking at him earnestly.
“Yea, I found him, he’s alive.”
“When...I got taken by that djinn years ago, I was married to Jess. We had a house in Palo Alto and we were happy. But when I woke up, I didn’t have any issues figuring out what was real and what wasn’t, or what was just my fantasy because...well because she was gone.”
“You already know that there’s no way to figure this out on your own,” Sam starts. “You already know that you’re going to have to talk to him about this...or stop talking to him entirely. It’s not just going to go away. You already know all that.”
“Sammy and me’ll figure it out, Jody, don’t worry,” Dean replies as he steps past her and into the hallway. “And I’ll even keep your boy here safe.”
Cas nudges the mouse, trying to get the camera menu to come up. He wants to navigate to the set of cameras that are over on Hanover Street, maybe get a good screen grab of the shooting suspect. If the description is accurate, finding a man that tall shouldn’t be too hard, even though it’s currently night and the camera conditions aren’t ideal.
patched up too. He hasn’t woken up yet, but he’ll probably come around in an hour or so.”
“He’s gonna be okay, Cas. I promise.” Sam soothes.
Sam’s a hunter, he’s been trained to take in as many details of a scene as quickly as possible and right now that’s a fucking curse. Because his brother is laying on his bed, on top of the covers, in nothing but his boxers and he’s got his hand down them and there’s absolutely zero question about what he’s doing at the moment.
Sam shrugs even though Cas can’t see him.
“Are you sure you don’t want us to drive you home?” Dean asks.
“Wait, what?” Sam asks, but Bobby is already up and moving away from the couch towards the kitchen. Sam unlocks the phone and with somewhat bewildered trepidation asks, “Hello?”
“Mmhmm,” Castiel murmurs in southern, looking at Dean utterly unimpressed with the charm the other man is laying on thick.
“Dispatch to Camera Room, do you have eyes on the suspect?”
“Who? Dean?”
Charlie lets out a sound of annoyance, but he hears the familiar sound of keys clacking at an impressive speed in the background.
He returns about 40 minutes later and Dean’s cleaned up, in clothes, but still blushing. Sam drops his salad in front of him without a word, turns on the TV, finds some documentary on the History channel about serial killers and digs into his own dinner. Dean eats his entire salad without a word of complaint.
“You’re a
“I know,” Sam reassures him. “But I don’t want to think that it’s impossible for us to have a life someday that includes things other than hunting. I think that would break me. You can want other things for yourself, Dean.”
passed out in the hallway. The idiot was hiding his own hurts like a fucking moron. I got
“Sam?”
“We’ve got it covered, Cas, I promise.” Sas assures their friend. Cas sighs on the other end of the line.
“How did you g-get here?” Castiel asks, trying to keep his voice even. It doesn’t work at all, but he takes comfort in the fact that while everything else shakes, his gun remains perfectly steady.
Lt. Mills (20:43): what terminal are you talking about? I didn’t think we had any set up to run on backup power.
And here they are, weeks later. They crashed with Bobby while the Christmas season inches by outside in the snow drifts, digging into the lore of the supernatural in a way they’ve never done before. Bobby has taken to the project with a furor that surprises both brothers, but their surrogate father is clearly passionate about this so they’ve let him run with it.
Jesse counters first, getting a firm grip of Dean’s belt and masterfully pulling himself free of Dean’s grip just enough to bodily shove Dean to the side. Dean again goes with the momentum, letting himself be manhandled in one direction, while pivoting on his booted feet with a grace that Sam finds himself a little envious of. Dean’s still got one hand on Jesse’s long sleeve, he twists at just the right moment, swinging himself around Jesse so he can then pin the other man’s arm to his back. Jesse goes to lurch forward out of the pin, but Dean seamlessly hooks one of his feet in between Jesse’s and tries to trip him.
“He’s upstairs. We got you patched up and he
(that is one of Dean’s favorites, Sam knows, because Bobby has annotated the entire thing with snarky asides about how everything in it is bullshit. It’s one of Sam’s favorites too.); two different copies of the Dead Sea Scrolls (one in English, one in Hebrew) and his journal.
Dean stomps inside their motel room, shaking the rain from his hair and shoulders. He doesn’t make it more than three steps inside however, before stopping and taking in the state of his brother. Sam stiffens in his seat, unsure, feeling like he’s been caught doing something he shouldn’t be somehow.
“Wh-What?”
together in my head. That’s the part that’s got me turned around.”
“You’re a good one, you know. A good friend. And a good brother.”
“It sounds like a freezer spell, hang on let me get my journal,” Sam says. He gets up to grab the book in question. “It’s a hoodoo thing, if I’m remembering right. It’s for casting a kind of curse on someone.”
Hope you enjoyed the chapter! I've mentioned this before, but just as a reminder, this story is COMPLETE. I'm posting the chapters as I finish editing them. So please rest assured that the next chapter will be forthcoming VERY SOON. Thanks for reading! :D
“Shapeshifters?”
“I know, Dean,” Cas replies calmly.
“Wait, what? Aluminum wrapped around paper towels? In a freezer?” Dean’s confused, but that pings something in the back of Sam’s brain.
When Sam had cut Dean down from the rig, Dean had been muttering in his dream sleep. Muttering Cas’ name. And when Sam had brought Dean out of it, it broke his heart to watch his older brother cry for the dream life that was lost. A dream life that apparently...Dean had been sharing with
“You absolutely should have,” Sam replies.
Dean breaks the first kiss, but only to suck in a quiet breath before swooping in for a second. Castiel leans back, letting the railing take his weight. Dean presses in as much as he can without bending Cas backwards over the edge. Sam shouts their names, his tone clearly torn between annoyed and happy for them.
something. But it’s pouring down rain outside so he can’t go for a run or a jog, or even a walk around the dilapidated block their motel sits on. He’s left sitting in one of the rickety chairs, staring out the window he pried open for lack of a better thing to do. The damn frame had been painted shut and it had taken some careful prying with his knife to get it to slide open even a couple of inches. The case that brought them to this tiny town was wrapped up this morning, leaving Sam to wallow in his thoughts. The last time he saw her alive and happy was on Halloween.
I hope that if you've made it this far, that you enjoyed what you read. Thank you so much for spending the time to have a look. I hope you'll leave a comment or kudos!
It tenses, and coils like a spring and before Castiel can place his finger on the trigger of his gun, someone darts in through the open doorway behind it.
Dean and Sam had pulled up to the Roadhouse that morning just looking to break their long drive back to Sioux Falls. Jo convinced them to stay for a bit, maybe crash there for the night. As the afternoon wore on, a few more hunters wandered in, equally covered in road dust, looking for a bit of respite. It was something of a surprise really, the Roadhouse wasn’t usually this busy. But sure enough, as the sun started to sink towards the horizon, more and more hunters joined in, called up by their fellows and friends to let them know that if they were close, the Roadhouse was the spot to be tonight.
Sam glances up, just in time to see Dean’s face fall a little.
Lt. Mills (20:45): I logged on. Looks like all the cameras are out in the area. You’re free to leave for the night. Go home and get some sleep.
“Sammy,” Dean replies softly. He leans back a little and runs a hand tiredly across his face.
I'm so sorry this one took me so long! I moved last month and everything in my life has been at utter sixes and sevens for the past few weeks. Huge thank you and shout out to saltyravenclaw for helping me beta this chapter.
“Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit!”
“But I only saw you once.”
“Wanna see if there’s any horror movie marathons on the TV?” Dean asks.
“He is,” Cesar agrees, placing a smacking kiss on his husband's sweaty temple.
The stranger looks at him, his features and eyes all cast in shades of green. He looks otherworldly, but in the way that Castiel thinks angels would be - terrifying and unflappable.
“Are you implying that your brother is a Disney princess?”
Jody instantly sobers, “Go, now. Both of you.”
“Yea, you boys haven’t run into any but they’re real common along the Appalachian trail, which is a lot closer to Cas than the fucking Rockies, now gimme.”
“I’ve been worrying him, huh?”
“Yea,” Sam concedes, “We know.”
Dean rises from the crowded desk and stretches. He props his books up on top of a nearby pile of them and heads for the kitchen.
That’s fine then. He’s safe. Dean, Baby, and Bobby have got him. He doesn’t need anything else.
Sam can’t help it, he starts to laugh helplessly at Cas’ serious pronouncement of a central tenet of Dean’s personality. It hurts to laugh, hurts so bad. But it also feels good.
“Oooh, this is gonna be good!” Charlie whispers. Next to him, Cesar, Jesse’s husband, laughs.
“Those are pretty big things, for us, you know. You’re...inviting him into our world.”
Castiel says nothing else, but when he reaches the doorway at the bottom of the stairs he holds up a hand to stop Dean. Carefully, he peers into the hallway, checking both directions carefully before gesturing at Dean to follow once more. Castiel cuts to the right and slows down just enough that his footfalls are silent. Dean takes the silent cue and creeps along as best he can right behind him.
Dean’s jaw drops a little, clearly taken aback. And then he just starts laughing, delightedly. He’s all glittering green eyes, freckles and the blush is back and Castiel can feel his own face turning red, but this is better. Much better.
Sam wants to point out that that’s the point of djinn dream - of course it was good. But Sam keeps quiet and lets his brother talk.
But the information was still sparse; and then, while they were separated interviewing different witnesses. Dean disappeared into thin air.
“He’s right, you’ll have to be extra careful for a few weeks.”
“I know this like I know that you’d do anything for me, anything to spare me pain. That’s how sure I am, do you understand?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam gives him his best unimpressed look, more than a little disappointed that Dean would even attempt to distract him with that excuse. Dean winces.
Distantly, he hears the slam of Baby’s door and the gruff rumble of Bobby.
He sleeps.
The next time he comes too, he can barely crack open his swollen eyes to take in Bobby’s living room. He’s on the ratty couch against the back wall and his feet hanging off the armrest, while he’s propped up against the other. He’s shirtless and pant-less under the blanket that’s covering him, and he can feel dry bandages around his torso and left leg. His hands ache, his head is beating like a drum, and he can feel the pull of stitches on his scalp just above his hairline.
“We were together. Married actually,” Dean goes on softly. “And it was...it’s not like I’m unaware I
“I suppose. But normal doesn’t mean that we don’t appreciate you worrying about us though. And we do, I mean. Appreciate it.”
“Dean?” Sam croaks as Bobby, with great care, lowers Sam to the couch and yanks the blanket back up around him. The house is always freezing, and the February snows certainly don’t make it easy for the little clapboard house to retain heat.
“Go.” She orders them both. “Dean, I won’t be able to help you with anything else - I’ll be tied up here.”
Then the shadows move.
“I said,” the thing purrs, its voice completely different from Castiel’s own, a strange accent bending the syllables in a way that is utterly unfamiliar. “That the name ‘monster’ will do for now.”
“No, just the paper towels.”
“Dean’s sort of boyfriend, and one of my best friends.” Sam answers.
“Lead the way, detective,” Dean sasses, and Castiel looks over his shoulder at him with exasperation.
It feels hideously unfair. And beyond all of that, Sam hates that her death was used this way. Hates that
It stands just a few feet away, in the other row of computer terminals, the low cubicle wall between them. A scream lodges itself in Castiel’s throat, his heart racing that he can scarcely hear past the roar of blood in his ears. Everything has jumped in him, his legs shake as though he’s already running.
It always sneaks up on him, Halloween. Sam doesn’t know
“Yep, you’re welcome.”
“Yea, some kind of gunk on the ground where the portal or whatever was supposed to show up. I don’t know for sure though, the lore says it can only manifest if it’s seen by a human - it can’t take shape otherwise.”
he would say.
Castiel breaks the kiss this time, pulling back just enough so he can see Dean clearly. The sun crests the horizon, and Dean’s smiling face shines in the dawn light.
“Is there any way to be sure?”
Dean cuts him off there, “I like Cas. A lot. Probably too much considering everything, but Sam...it’s like…” Dean struggles a little. Sam so badly wants to help, wants to offer words, or explanations, or try to fill the silence but he holds back. He has to learn to give Dean a chance to find the words he wants.
“He’s going to hang out with Balthazar and Joshua at the soup kitchen, apparently,” Dean answers easily. He returns to speaking to his phone. “Aren’t you going to see family?”
“Oh man Cas, never look at stuff on WebMD, you’ll be convinced you’re dying.”
“Bye, Sam. Stay safe.”
Jesse shouts in triumph and they all look up just in time to see Dean get judo thrown down flat on his back. Dean lets out an audible ‘oof’ and stays on the ground, a little stunned. The crowd cheers and Dean huffs out a laugh himself, accepting Jesse’s hand to help pull himself up. They both play it up for the cheering hunters before shaking hands.
“Corner of - Hanover and - Cooper, he’s - still - heading north!”
questions.”
Dean appears back in the room, phone awkwardly cradled between his ear and his shoulder, the smart phone making the angle almost impossible. But he dutifully hands Bobby his beer, and gives Sam one of his green juices from the fridge.
Dean nods through all of it, casting his eyes uneasily back towards the head of his bed.
“Yup. Dean had to leave the body. But it’s dead.”
It smiles.
“Look all I’m saying is wendigos aren’t common in the southeast at all, why would Cas need information on them?” Sam asks, a little exasperated with his brother. They are hunched over the crowded desk in Bobby’s living room, books piled between them as they sort through references.
“No, Dean, it’s just me.”
That small pause in concentration is exactly what Dean was going for because the second that Jesse stops being laser focused on the fight, Dean charges him. The crowd cheers as the two grapple, Dean using the tiniest of edges gained in that moment to push the bigger man off balance and force him back a few steps. Jesse recenters quickly though, and in the next second they’re both locked in a furious grapple, each trying to twist the other to the ground.
