All the same, years of getting good manners practically beaten into her by her no-nonsense parents had her reaching for the coffee maker and preparing a fresh pot, despite her reluctance to drink it when she and Sherlock were not on a case. She set a small stack of to-go cups next to the pot and scribbled a quick “Help yourself!” on a post-it note, which she stuck to the pot.
“Breaking the known laws of physics isn’t for the pure at heart, my dear,” she replied. “Anyway, Sherlock Holmes was turning into a serious pain in my rear, so I decided to make a study of him, see what it was about him that made him so challenging an opponent. So I seduced him and began to date him as an artist named Irene Adler, and I looked to see what I could find.” Sherlock fought off the surge of surprise, annoyance (this other Sherlock Holmes sounded like a true amateur), and amusement. This would be the second naked Irene Adler he’d met. How trivial.
“You all have jobs to be doing, I think,” he reminded them, “not related to harassing a patient, no matter how much he may deserve it. It would be in all of your best interests to leave him to my partner and me. Off you go.”
, Sherlock thought hazily, but he shook off the thought. This woman was not John, no matter how many similarities there were between the two. “Luckily it doesn’t seem to be bleeding much. How’re you feeling?”
I appreciate kudos, subscriptions, bookmarks, and comments, but just inflating the hit count makes me happy. So sit back and enjoy this fic from this happy author.
My Mind Palace? I never access it in public. Draws too much attention and leaves me too vulnerable to attack
A few minutes later, stretching at the beginning of her run along the Hudson River, Joan thought again back to the anniversary and the possibility of celebration. Since Joan would likely be the one to plan everything anyway, she decided she would surprise Sherlock with the celebration. Nothing big, and preferably not in a bar, she decided. Just a small gathering of friends - Bell, Gregson, maybe even Alfredo, Randy, and Miss Hudson, if they could be persuaded - at a nice restaurant. She’d get him a thoughtful but inexpensive gift, laugh it off when he reminds her that he could not have possibly have gotten her a gift having only just remembered, and just generally have a good time. She would have to find a restaurant that did not require reservations, since God only knew whether or not they would be dealing with a case then, but she was sure she could pull it off. The main challenge would be keeping the whole deal secret from Sherlock, but that was one challenge she would always be game for.
He took the offered hand and shook it, grip firm and almost lingering. “I know you’ll know how rare it is for me to truthfully reply that the feeling is mutual, John.”
“So what if I do?” Sherlock demanded. “Believe it or not, Mycroft, I led a perfectly suitable and fulfilling life before my faked suicide last week. I had my work, a comfortable place to live, and a friend. Even you agreed that John made me … better. Why are you so determined to find fault now?”
John smiles, resisting the urge to kiss him again. “Then you could go to your bathroom and take care of…” he looks down between them, “this before coming back.”
John didn’t want to get discouraged too quickly so he tried to dig deeper. “I’m sure it was your idea.” He replied, smiling, but Sherlock didn’t even glance back at him. “It is so unique that only someone special could have come up with it. I guess your parents were really accommodating and let you do what you wanted to?”
The first time I thought about touching you happened during a dream, and believe me or not, the very first night I slept in the upstairs bedroom. It sounds so sad, I know, but the truth is that I’ve wanted you from the moment our eyes met. You are so breathtakingly beautiful, Sherlock. I have never meet anyone like you, anyone being able to capture me mind and body. You were a proper git, rude to everyone - even me - and yet I wanted to listen to you for hours. I could have, you know. If you had asked me to sit down and listen as you talked about dead pigs and experiments involving eyeballs, I wouldn't have hesitated a second.
John faces him again, “From the moment I met you, Sherlock, you have been so brilliant, so clever, so bloody beautiful, and even when I dared to think that maybe, maybe, you felt just as desperate for more as I did, I couldn’t let myself believe that I could ever be enough for you.”
He spends the entire drive to Baker Street trying hard not to think about what he’d say once he’s there. Prepared speeches were never his forte, and he knows all too well the words would escape him anyway once he’s face to face with Sherlock. It takes him a long moment to find somewhere to park, and when he finally finds himself in front of the massive black door, John takes a minute more to let it all sink in.
Sherlock represses a chuckle when he sees John roll his eyes, casting him a yet another desperate look, but Sherlock only shrugs. He looks back at the fire they built when the heat had stopped, almost two hours ago now, and he loses himself in the flames once again. He can’t remember the last time they shared an evening like this one, quiet, peaceful, and even less such a nice Christmas. The last one he had spent alone, wondering if he’d ever have the chance to share the next one with anyone at all, and the one before he doesn’t wish to remember at all. But this year, in their home, just the two of them, well, this has been John’s best idea for sure. Sherlock hadn’t been convinced at first when John had asked to spend the evening without anyone else, just the two of them at Baker Street. After all, they hadn’t shared a holiday, or even that much time alone in months, and the prospect of it all being only awkward and filled with silence didn’t appeal to Sherlock at all.
Violet, already too focused on Rosie, walks back to the house. John waits until she’s inside before saying, “Are you certain we don’t need to talk about all this?”
“I’d like to avoid being arrested.” John explained, nodding at the three policemen walking towards them. “So yes, nicer.”
"Yes," John breathes, holding on tighter to Sherlock's hand, and wondering how he managed to stop himself from kissing this brilliant man all these years. He waits until Sherlock is looking back at him, making sure to let all of what he's feeling in this very moment show on his face as he says softly, "I'd love to."
A wrinkle comes alive in the corner of John’s eyes, the echo of his smile slowly blooming on his lips, and Sherlock’s finger aches to reach out, to touch, to feel.
"Internet," Matthew replies, smiling fondly, probably at the memories and John watches in defeat as Sherlock’s own lips curl into a similar smile. "I couldn't believe the great Sherlock Holmes was looking for love, and so we chatted for several months before finally agreeing to meet."
John laughs quietly, handing him the bouquet. Sherlock stares some more, not exactly sure of what to do next.
"It's your chance," Arnold says, taking a step back. "I'm sure that friend won't remain so for too long now." John opens his mouth a few times, not sure what to say exactly, and Arnold laughs softly, "What are you waiting for? Go."
“If you’re that repulsed by the idea, we can just tell them and be done with it,” Sherlock practically spat out, getting to his feet and walking to open the window.
“John,” Sherlock cuts him off. “You woke me up in a middle of an erotic dream in which we were, much like now, about to make love. I think it says enough.”
He takes long enough doing so, taking the time to remember what he just told himself minutes ago. Victor is talking - again - in the living room, and John only understands bribes of a college story here and there. He gets out only when the doorbell rings, hoping to get an excuse to leave, but Sherlock is already looking for his wallet and going out.
“I don’t agree,” John begins. “We’re not too old, far from it even. Christ, you barely have any wrinkles,” he laughs, the sound filling Sherlock’s head and infiltrating the chaos there. “We both have two legs that can carry us wherever we want, whenever we want. We both have clear minds and strong hearts allowing us to continue to fight stupidity once again.”
They only have to wait a few minutes before Sherlock waves for a cab, and the driver follows as soon as they're inside. They don't drive very far, stopping in front of a club and John waits until he's certain Sherlock and Matthew are heading inside before paying the cabbie and getting out. He takes off his coat and puts the mask on, and with a deep breath, he heads in too. The music is loud, very loud, and there are way too many people. He wonders what the hell Sherlock is doing by coming here, the place being the perfect example of what he despises, and he lets the small hope of all this being part of a case grow inside him. Making his way to the bar, John sits on one of the stools and begins to search the crowd.
"You had to notice," Sherlock breathes, sounding pained now. "I wasn't hiding, wasn't trying to anymore. I couldn't. You were right here again, and all I wished was to bring you closer, closer, closer."
Afternoon drags out so very slowly. With his head filled with their conversation, John can’t seem to stop glancing at the clock, wondering whether Sherlock is currently looking for a new mattress, maybe even replacing his old one while John is silently cursing against time. It would be logical, absolutely logical for him to do so. After all, John is the one who said they took care of it today. Idiot as he is.
Lestrade clears his throat, turning right into the Yard's car park, "I only need a deposition and then you're free to go."
“Found something interesting?” John hummed after a moment, clearly fighting back the urge to turn around while he was browsing the menu.
Sherlock only tilted his head slightly in response, not having any time to waste. He heard the waitress come to their table but he only waved his hand at her when she asked what he wanted to drink. John ordered for both of them, waiting for the waitress to go before saying :
“Here.” Sherlock said, pointing at one of the screen while wondering since when his suspect had become
John frowns, and it takes another moment before he understands what Sherlock is asking. Smiling, he turns to face him more properly, their lips so very close, "I love you," he murmurs, this time actually not caring if Rosie, the driver or even the whole world can hear him.
He shouldn’t be this nervous, it’s only John. They’ve known each other for years, been through hell together and found their way back from there together too. And even if the last few years have brought them apart, the John currently in the next room is the same one he met all those years ago in many ways. So really, there is no reason to be anxious about it all.
There is a frown between John’s eyebrow, his eyes darting up from his cup and meeting Sherlock’s for a second, maybe two. He looks away. Sherlock allows himself to gaze at him just bit a longer, just a bit more.
"Alright, let's see. I remember wanting to kiss you a little while after I moved in. You were working on an experiment that involved yelling on the phone at three in the morning. I was trying to sleep, and failing obviously, and I remember thinking I could shut you up with a kiss, and maybe even convince you to sleep if I took you up to my bed and found ways to tire you out."
Sherlock exhales loudly against his neck, and John shivers at the faint touch of tongue against his skin. "The stag night," he whispers, and John had been wondering if either of them would be brave enough to talk about it.
“With the years, I told myself that it was good that I didn’t kiss you,” he says, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s.
Sherlock closes his eyes, breathing the moment in, and seeking John’s lips again, already wondering if there is any way to keep him close and warm and smiling permanently.
"Oh," John breathes, seeming to consider the question for a moment. "Well, there was that first night we spent together. If I'm being honest with myself, I thought about kissing you a dozen times that night."
Sherlock’s finger tightens around his fork, feeling his breath catch as confesses, “I wouldn’t know, dates had never been… interesting before.”
He stops twice to catch his breath, considering both times to go home instead and let this go. If Sherlock realises he's following him, and he will being Sherlock bloody Holmes, he's going to get mad and for all the right reasons. John already doubts his jealousy wasn't obvious earlier, and Sherlock and him go without mentioning it. He won't do the same twice, and then John won't have any other choice than to justify his behavior.
They fall silent, John finding he doesn't actually mind Arnold's presence, making it somehow easier to forget why he's here in the first place, but also hoping the man will understand his complete disinterest in more. Unable to stop himself, he glances back to where Sherlock and Matthew stood a minute ago only to find their seats empty. An instant panic fills him but he spots the cowboy hat in the middle of the dance floor, Sherlock wrapped around Matthew's body as they dance.
John rolls his eyes, putting the bottle away again but remaining in this position. He slowly begins to tease at Sherlock's perineum and inner thigh, making sure to keep his touch light and reassuring. Sherlock is staring intensely at him, his eyes dancing all over his face, and John does his best to smile and not give away just how badly he wants to be touching him everywhere. He kisses his knee when Sherlock plants both feet on the mattress, opening his leg wider with a new confidence.
John licks his lips, the finger stroking absently the armrest of his chair coming to a halt, “If this is too much.” He hesitates. “If this isn’t what you had imagined.”
Sherlock's eyes widen for the briefest of seconds, a flush spreading to his neck as he says, "Don't pretend we wouldn't have done that whether I eat or not."
“No, it’s fine,” Greg smiles, eyes roaming all over his face, and John busies himself with toast and jam. He hears Greg taking off his coat and sitting down, “I’m barely seeing Sherlock too.”
It took over three hours from the moment I noticed the almost too-faded footprint near the north wall and the moment one of Lestrade’s men informed us the man had an illegitimate son. A rather disappointing end to a promising case. It was then only a matter of connecting the clues, facts and times together.
“The menu for tonight is right over here,” the woman says, pointing to a board on the wall. “Would you care for something to drink?”
John’s hands are shaking as he begins to unbutton his shirt slowly, sliding it off Sherlock’s shoulders before taking care of his own. Sherlock can only stare, fingers stroking down his chest, from scar to hips, and John chuckles softly, “Ticklish.” Sherlock smiles, wanting nothing more but to kiss the sound, but suddenly there are John’s hands pushing his trousers down. “Still alright?” John asks, leaning in to kiss his shoulder, and Sherlock nods quickly.
The only thing now was that Sherlock couldn’t properly tell if having sex with John tonight, leaving him in the morning and never hearing about him again, was what he wanted. Sherlock was certain John wouldn’t say no, his attraction to Sherlock obvious since the beginning. But the soldier’s reaction to Sherlock’s attitude all day had been a constant surprise, and somehow, Sherlock felt as if having sex with him would put John at the same level as the other people Sherlock had gone to bed with.
Twenty-three days past and gone since he swore to himself he would find a way to kiss John before the month was over. He had had countless opportunities, each of them ending in complete failure for the same reason over and over again. Who would have thought courage came in such different forms?
“Well, then let’s see if you have luck here.” John said and nodded at the reception desk, his big army issued backpack shouldered.
Seven months. All the way back when John had been trying to balance living with an assassin wife and the announcement of an unexpected child. All the way back when his life had been slowly falling apart without having a single idea on how to fix everything. All the way back when he had thought he could maybe do one last irrational thing that could change it all.
“Well, I followed and good thing I did because the suspect wasn’t alone. We fought them pretty good if you ask me, but you somehow inhale some bad stuff during the fight and were completely out of it after.” John glances down at his injured hand. “You did that to yourself on the way out.”
Sherlock nods, having fallen silent now, and John slowly walks them toward the sofa. Better than asking for the way to Sherlock’s bed, at least here they’ll remain in control. “Do you prefer to lie down first or should I?”
"All right, yeah," John can't help but smile, squeezing Sherlock's hand in the hope of calming him. "I just wanted to put it out there."
Sherlock wonders if someday, ten, twenty, thirty years from now, he’ll be able to make him understand just how far from ordinary he is. John’s hand closes around his wrist, a gentle stroke of his thumb making Sherlock shiver. He smiles.
“You didn’t,” John smiles, a bit brighter this time, and really, Sherlock can’t do anything else but stare. “It’s not fair, you now. You deduced in an instant why I was at this pub, but I still don’t know why you were there.”
"That's because you didn't know it could feel like this, love," John replies, brushing a curl off his forehead. "Was I better in your fantasies?"
"That's just delaying the decision," Sherlock points out, pushing his plate away, apparently done with eating.
"You're beautiful," Matthew is saying, followed by more kissing, against Sherlock's skin this time. "I can't believe my luck. The great Sherlock Holmes, just for me."
Thank you so much for your patience with this story, for all the kudos and comments. I am so glad to have finally finished it, and I hope you enjoyed the journey as much as I did.
They remained silent for a moment, Sherlock looking at the people surrounding them, well aware of John’s gaze on him but said nothing. He needed to let John realise he wasn’t going to back up, that he wanted this as much as him.
“You should,” John starts, clearing his throat. “I mean, it’ll be more efficient if we’re both in just our pants.”
This is ridiculous. Beyond ridiculous even. Why am I even putting that much energy into this nonsense?
He finds Sherlock sitting on his bed, having abandoned the suitcase in the middle of the room. John hides a smile, going to sit at the desk and turning to face him. How can a grown up wearing suits and solving crimes can still look so ridiculously adorable sulking.
“Seems like one, yes,” John replies, accepting the coffee and letting him in. “You were in the neighborhood?”
John doesn’t say a word when he gets up, puts his coat back on and kisses Rosie softly, “I’ll let myself out. I’m sorry to have dropped this all on you like this. I had practiced something a bit more… nice, but yeah.”
Remembering how to breathe, Sherlock inhales sharply, “I was…” They stare at each other, words dying in Sherlock’s throat, “I…”
“Looks like we’re going to stay on the ground for a moment.” Came a voice next to him and Sherlock didn’t even bother to look at the middle-aged man sitting beside him. The man was clearly going home from a “business trip” (long time mistress, she’s pressuring him to leave his wife) and definitely not worth Sherlock’s attention.
“I insist,” Victor says, still not having moved his hand away. “You too are invited John, of course.”
John looks up from his phone, something very warm spreading through his chest, "Brilliant," he breathes as he hits dial, not saying a word as Sherlock's cheeks turn just a little redder. He quickly tells Montgomery to come get them, and when Sherlock laces their fingers together again, they both hold on just a little tighter than before.
"Then off you go," she declares, letting go of him. "I have everything I need for Rosie here, so you take your time, understood?"
Act like they always do. Right. And that's supposed to be simple surely. John can't remember the last time he felt this warm happiness when he wakes up every morning, knowing Rosie is safely sleeping in her cot and listening to Sherlock moving around downstairs. Only to, right after, realise that you're going to spend your day with the man you're desperately in love with without being able to tell or show him so.
John waves at him, waiting until the boy disappears before saying, “He wants to be your friend.” Sherlock smiles, not saying anything, and John looks back him. “You always had a way with kids, did you notice?”
“So even if we already agreed I’m an idiot,” John continues, “I need you to know being with someone has never felt this intense before, and what we shared just hours ago already surpassed everything I’ve imagined.”
Sherlock is holding a small tube in one hand, the other clenched around the door handle, "I didn't have any condoms but I thought that we didn't need any since I've never done anything, and considering you are a doctor, it seems logical that you get tested regularly. Besides, I don't ever plan on doing this with anyone else, so condoms aren't that necessary when you think abou-"
Sherlock shook his head, chasing away the unwelcome fantasy of John’s strong body above him in a entirely different situation. He only needed to finish the case, and then maybe Sherlock would consider exploring the further possibilities of his companionship with John Watson.
Sherlock sighs, pulling their join hands up and between their chest, resting over John’s heart. He needs to feel it, to make sure John is just as shook, just as much affected by what just happened, what is still happening.
“I never expected dates to be like this,” Sherlock replies honestly, already suspecting it had everything to do with who he just had a date with.
“All right?” John asks, having stilled, and Sherlock can’t nod fast enough, all of him screaming for more already. He bites down on his lower lip, repressing another moan. “You’ll feel better after,” John says, as if to excuse his behavior, starting to rub his thigh against Sherlock’s crotch. “We both will.”
John doesn’t bother to hide his own reaction to the words, practically beaming when he says, “Are you ready then?”
Actually, a great deal of facts about myself made me fear you’d leave. Drugs used to be first on the list but I also used to believe that my lack of interest in the most common things would drive you away. I know you’re probably thinking I’m an idiot, but I also know it drove you mad in the past, realising how little I cared about it all. And if I learned to pay more attention now, there are still areas that are completely unknown to me, a grown man. The most basic things, ones that I know for sure you never truly understood how I could just not care about. So right now I want to talk about the most obvious one (which you’ve been wondering about for years): sex.
"Yes," Sherlock breathes, "I couldn't sleep either. You were there again, in our home, and I had no idea what to do. I thought about joining you upstairs, even if I had no idea what I would do once I got there."
And they have every reasons to. He had done nothing but hurt Sherlock over and over again since he came back. Even after that bloody Christmas, after listening to Sherlock's mother cursing about the person who shot her son, John chose to return to Mary. He forgave her, christ, he forgave her for shooting his best friend, the only person John truly cared about. There isn't a chance Mummy Holmes doesn't know. Just like she must be aware of the lying, hurting and beating that came afterward.
“I recall talking about goodnight kisses,” John breathes out, watching as Sherlock’s entire body seem to shudder at the words. “What do you think?”
What Sherlock learns to love the most are the small things. John’s kisses and what each of them holds,
“Listen kid,” the security guard repeated with a slight german accent and clearly annoyed by Sherlock’s refusal, “this is none of your concern. Please step away.”
"Is it?" Sherlock asks in a whisper. "Aren't you supposed to know and fight for it and never give up?"
Eyes widening in horror, he promptly looks down to John’s chest, wishing he could somehow disappear but John’s breathing is heavy now, and he’s not moving.
The hot water almost makes him miss 221B and all the private, silent moments the four falls of the bathroom bore witness to. Unable to stop himself, John is already thinking back on the first time he took himself in hand, barely a week after having moved in. He doesn't dare to think about the last time, the mere thought making something ache inside his chest. He stares down at himself, his flaccid penis showing no signs of arousal despite the few images going through his mind, and for just a second, John wonders if Sherlock hadn't been right, if they're not too old for some things after all.
"I told you to go," Sherlock continues, his face flushed and his eyes roaming all over John's face. "Did you follow me?"
Thomas is still there when he comes back, kneeling next to Toby and patting his ear, “Are you a friend of Mr. Holmes?”
You asked me in your letter if it was all that unbelievable. The truth is, I don’t know anymore. It seems that everything I thought I knew has been crumbling down around me lately, and as strange as it is, another version of myself is responsible for it all. And yes, I should have told you about the
Sherlock considered walking behind the desk for a second. It would be the easiest way to make sure his suspect hadn’t booked a private plane, but two security guards were walking towards him. Leaving the desk quickly, Sherlock made sure to lose himself in the crowded hallway, taking of his coat to fit in.
John is already scooting over on the bed, leaving enough space for Sherlock to lie down next to him, and neither of them say a word as he does so. Silence fills the room once more, and John's quiet exhale next to him makes all of Sherlock shiver again. He feels John's stare on him again and with a deep breath, he allows himself to turn his head, facing him.
Sherlock had to repress a sigh once they arrived the restaurant. Christmas decoration were hanging everywhere. Two santa claus were watching Sherlock, their frozen smile rendering them more scary than welcoming. Every table was covered in green and red, the usual Christmas song resonating inside and Sherlock almost considered waiting for Marks to walk out to catch him.
John gives up, nodding a few times. They spend the rest of the drive in silence, John focus on the road. It feels strangely comfortable, thinking of the one bed waiting for them, and he finds that he cannot wait to fall asleep with arms full of Sherlock.
Sherlock is still gazing at his lips when he says, "At the tarmac, I almost told you. Would it have changed something if I did?"
Sherlock allowed himself to laugh, joining John for a few seconds. John was looking everywhere but at Sherlock, and the detective put his hands inside his coat’s pocket, too afraid of what he might do to make John look at him again.
Silence settles between them, and Sherlock looks down at Toby now sitting at his feet. "I'm guessing you had a reason to call," he says after another second.
“I told you, you won’t need to lie. You won’t need to do anything. They’re already convinced. Mummy will see what she wants to see, and my dad is probably going to spend the entire time focused on Rosie only. They are old and most of all, they are my parents, so they like to imagine their son is happy with a partner and a child. We just have to let them see whatever they want to see, that’s all.”
Sherlock had first heard of the Organization through the Yard’s files, more precisely during one of this dull and boring day when Lestrade didn’t trust him enough to let him investigate the crime scene. Sherlock had rapidly taken up the habit of going through unresolved case’s files, dozens of boxes stacked in the Yard’s underground proving that the Police really was in need of his help. Lestrade had first attempted to keep him out of the archive room, but he had soon realised it was useless to deny Sherlock any kind of distraction. Lestrade wasn’t actually that bad, even if Sherlock would never say it to his face. He had helped Sherlock during a tough time and not once treated Sherlock like a complete lunatic, despite the constant complaints from his men.
Silence falls upon them again, Sherlock knowing without a doubt what they should do next, but finding it hard even just to think about it. He places both hands on his stomach, freezing cold, and exhales quietly. He can hear John’s breathing next to him, standing entirely still, and he shuts his eyes close tightly. “We need to be closer for this to work,” he hears himself say.
“Are you seriously telling me that this airport can’t managed to let any aeroplane take off?” äSherlock almost yelled as soon as the woman looked up, “Do you know that there are countries where it snows most of the year and I don’t see them cancelling all of their fli-”
Sherlock remains still for a minute before burying his face back into John's neck, the words he speaks almost too quiet, "Are you still mad at me for her death?"
“Let’s go back to that, then,” John smiles, shifting closer until they’re pressed together again and welcoming Sherlock’s moan of relief directly against his mouth. “You are so beautiful.”
“Come on,” Lestrade exclaims, and for a moment Sherlock fears he might talk just a little too loudly. “I’ve never seen you with anyone, don’t you miss it?” Sherlock glares at him, hoping it will shut the DI up. “Don’t give me that look, you know exactly what I’m talking about!”
Daring to let one hand slide lower, John stops on Arnold's lower back and holds him closer. He's still not sure what he's trying to prove here, especially after having just accepted that Sherlock deserves to have a chance at love, but meeting his eyes once more in the middle of all those people feels absolutely glorious. He's not sure how long they stare at each other, Matthew kissing Sherlock's neck reverently but Sherlock showing no sign of caring, even just a bit. Another swirl and Sherlock disappears again, "He's leaving," Arnold breathes. "Bathroom."
Time freezes, or maybe speeds up, John can’t be certain of anything else but the warmth radiating from Sherlock’s body beneath his. It takes him longer than it should to realise Sherlock is still trembling, and with his every sense on alert, he pulls away to look down at him, “Sherlock, are you alright?” Sherlock nods quickly, eyes closed and breathing short. John strokes his cheeks softly, “You can tell me if that wasn’t… what you expected.”
Sherlock nods and walks away, knowing perfectly that the color of his cheeks had already betrayed him anyway. He waits until he hear the bathroom door closed before sitting on his bed and exhaling loudly. He eyes the still warm mug for a long moment before deciding against it. He’s not sure he can drink anything right now, not with his throat feeling this closed and his stomach full of knots.
"She is," John smiles, wishing he could make Sherlock look at him again. "She's downstairs with Mrs Hudson." Another silence. John breathes in deeply. "Actually, I had come to see if you wanted to come trick or treating with us. For halloween, I mean. Tonight."
Sherlock seems to consider the option for a moment, and John realises there isn’t a chance he could stand here knowing Sherlock is getting himself off in the next room.
Sherlock shakes his head, taking the final step that still separates them and whispering almost directly against John's lips, "I wasn't dancing, John, I was working a case."
"I am in love with you, Sherlock," John says, something warm blooming inside his chest. "I have been in love with you for a very long time, and continued to love you despite everything life threw our way." Sherlock is shaking now, and John is certain he's the one holding them both up. "And I love being in love with you, I love the way it makes everything sharper, brighter. I love that it kept me aching and broken when you left because it meant I was still  able to feel something, still holding on to you. I love the way it makes me want to be touching you, to be breathing you in, to be kissing you all the time."
XX32: I’m glad I did, Sherlock. With the day we just spent, being us, I want nothing more but to spend all the ones to come exactly the same way.
"No," he breathes, head spinning with the realisation of what he's doing. What the hell is he playing at? What is he even doing here? He has no right, absolutely no right to compromise Sherlock's relationship. Sherlock is allowed to feel this way, to smile like that and it's only John's fault if the smile in question is not directed at some other man than him.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, clearing his throat. “I’ve also taken care of Rosie’s bags. I’m not sure Mycroft would approve of what you’ve done with his room.”
John nodded, licking his lips before drinking. “You already know I’m going to my sister’s,” John smiled.
I was beaten one night while I was sitting on a bench in Paris by four men who thought I had something of value on me. They took me by surprise, having locked myself in my Mind Palace. I only remember their fists and insults as they hit me, despite having already took my coat and money. I think they were enjoying it too much to stop. I still dream about one of the men’s laughter. I went a whole ten days without eating during a stake out. I was too afraid to go out of my hiding place, the man I was hunting down being very careful about his own comings and goings. There were armed men all around his house, cameras and security dogs. The more I waited, the more my body started giving up on me. A whole day went by without my remembering what I’d done, I had probably fallen asleep and just didn’t have the strength to wake up. I never felt more alone than during those two years, John. I got used to company, got used to having someone there, right by my side. I used to look for you, talk to you even, explaining my whole plan and hearing your voice answering. I remember keeping my eyes closed so that I could pretend to be in 221B and that we were just talking, sitting in our chairs and trying to solve a particularly difficult case. Some days I just kept them closed for as long as I possibly could. They tortured me in Serbia. I don’t remember much, but my body is a constant reminder of those days. It’s probably for the best that I do not keep memories of that last month anyway.
"I am," Sherlock replies, their eyes locked. "It ends tonight." John doesn't try to hide his relief, and Sherlock exhales loudly. "I can't let him alone too long or he'll come look for me." John nods, not yet ready to let go. Sherlock's hands fall back to his side, "Don't go too far, and wait for my signal," he whispers before pushing himself off the door, reaching for his hat still on the floor and leaves the room.
John shushes him with a pointed look, waving goodbye to Montgomery and waiting until the car is gone before tugging on Sherlock's hand, bringing their faces much closer together, "You were the one who chased a cat all around the house, and the neighborhood if I remember correctly."
“Thank you, thank you! It’s already a lot. Can I have three tickets for the next train leaving for Leeds please.”
“I wish we had more time to feel it built,” Sherlock continues. “I know I’ve been wanting to kiss you for decades, but it’s been barely a day since I realised it was actually possible.” He sighs, staring into John’s eyes again. “I’ve never felt more nervous, not in any of the cases we’ve solved, and it’s scaring me, John.”
"I understand dear," Mrs Hudson smiles. "I can take care of her tonight, for the whole night too if you need. I still have some nappies around."
And he hates this, hates that he’s become this, barely able to talk about Sherlock bloody Holmes without feeling hollow and on the verge of either bursting into screams or tears.
I’ve read the letter. A dozen times actually. I can’t stop thinking about it. Every time I have a second to myself my thoughts are automatically brought back to this bloody letter.
“I didn’t exactly get the chance to ask before.” John defended himself, “And even if I did, you wouldn’t have responded.”
) I’m sorry, John, so very sorry for all the things I’ve done but also all the things I didn’t do. And… and I’m glad, really glad that you trust me enough with any of it, even after all that happened. And I promise never to tell, never to judge. You have to trust me, I would never- I could never-
“Enjoy your evening,” John replies, adding just a little more pressure to the handshake than necessary.
“It is selfish that I’d wish we wouldn’t have to go back and be with my parents,” Sherlock says after a while, the house in sight now. “That it’d be just the two of us.”
John turns back around on his seat, reaching for her bee toy and putting it back against her chest in a vain hope of calming her down.
Violet places Rosie in her stroller, already heading towards the woods at the edge of the backyard. John waits until Sherlock catches up with them before switching places and walking next to him. He copies his pace, letting Sherlock’s parents walk a bit further ahead. John keeps quiet, not exactly sure what he could say anyway. Well, there is actually a lot he could say, but at the same time, he felt even more scared than before. Yes, Sherlock hadn’t turned him down, and yes they were going to get
“I know,” Sherlock replies, keeping to himself how he had searched for the best agency to sell the book to at the time. They stare at each other for another long moment, only being reminded that they can’t stand in the middle of the street much longer when Toby barks, waiting by the front door. Sherlock takes advantage of the few minutes left before he has to let go of John’s hand to catalogue its warmth, and he’s almost prepared when they break apart.
The motive was obvious from the start: revenge. If the message wasn’t clear enough, the lacerations on the victim’s chest made it quite clear. Partner or mistress, someone close enough to the victim to feel this angry and react in such a way. John would have noticed the patterns in the victim’s cuts immediately, each of them carefully placed over each internal organ. Not deep enough to kill the victim, but the intention was rather obvious.
He turns Sherlock’s pillow around, just in case, and gets to his feet. The flat is silent. With no signs of life anywhere, he sends a quick text to Sherlock, inquiring about his whereabouts and reminding him he’ll be at the clinic all day. He doesn’t get an answer until he’s almost out of the flat, Gone to Bart’s, calming down the little part of John’s brain which has been stupidly worried so far.
Silence fills the room, comfortable and light. John stares up at the ceiling, wishing he could be silently studying Sherlock’s profile instead.
"Sherlock," he tries again, glad to see Sherlock isn't stopping him mid-speech again. "Mrs Hudson said you've been busy but I just wanted to see if you were free tonight."
Tom ignores him, “Start with some pillow talk, whispered confession in the dark, romantic stuffs you know.”
"At the club," John replies, keeping his eyes on Lestrade and Lestrade only. "I followed them, and Sherlock noticed me. He then informed me that he was working a case."
Sherlock seals their lips, the kiss tasting of a desire neither of them can truly express but also of a fear that has been hovering above them for too long. Kissing him harder, John finally allows their bodies to close the remaining distance between them. He swallows Sherlock's moan as soon as their erections meet in the middle, the contact both too much and yet not enough at the same time.
"I kept the same photograph in Baker Street, just better hidden," Sherlock confesses. "I placed it in my bedroom after moving in here."
John stops just the time to bring the spatula to his mouth, tasting the eggs and hissing out loud. “Oh, hot!” Sherlock shakes his head fondly, wondering when exactly this became his routine, and how lucky he is for this to be his routine in the first place.
“Like this,” John whispers against his skin, “I want to feel you come like this.” Sherlock moans, feeling himself blush at John’s words, his pleasure building and building. “You’re so beautiful,” John continues, kissing every inch of his skin. “I love you, I love you.”
John nods and they both start walking slowly. At this pace, Sherlock expects to arrive him in forty-four minutes, but he couldn’t care less. John is standing close, so very close that each brush of their fingers makes Sherlock shiver from head to toe and he almost considers taking the longer route back home.
Sherlock should be asking the question, really, still trying to wrap his head around the fact that John chose a gay pub among everything else to spend the evening.
John nods slowly, considering his next words carefully, "Was there a point when you just decided to give up?"
Lestrade just looks at him for a long moment, something close to pride or softness passing through his eyes, but Sherlock choses to ignore it for the moment. “This John is looking for you, just write something to let him know he found you.”
The urge to kiss John overwhelms him again, and John’s breath catches when he looks down at his lips once more. They stare at each other for what could be hours, and when John’s finger slowly reaches out to wipe the sauce off his chin, Sherlock feels something very warm spread low in his body. The sensation builds even more the moment John licks his finger clean, and they’re both breathing heavily by the time Angelo interrupts them.
The second time John wakes up, the sun is shining inside the room. He doesn’t move, his chest pressed to Sherlock’s back and it doesn’t take a genius to realise he’s still fast asleep. He doesn’t dare to move for a long moment, his nose buried in Sherlock’s curls and their chests rising together.
Let’s begin by putting it out there: I have never experienced sex. Never bothered to try or, more accurately, never believed I’d found someone interesting enough to be willing to try with. I’ve grown up hearing about sex at school all the time, boys my age never shutting up about it despite never having had any. It became even worse once they were old enough to do so. But by then, I had stopped listening entirely. I didn’t care, not in the slightest. I wasn’t interested in people, so why would I wonder about something that requires being intimate with someone else. I understood the logistics of it all, what goes where and the purpose, but it never appealed to me. Or at least, until I heard about… other types of sexual relations. Men having sex with other men. All of a sudden, I found myself wanting to know more, not yet exploring, but being more aware of it all. So I did what I always do, I researched it, and the results were both scary and strangely never enough. So yes, there was a time where I almost tried, just to get it out of the way, to know for myself and never wonder again, but I never acted on it. Never did what had to be done to find someone, and then it felt like it was too late. I had missed my chance and, in complete honesty, I felt like it was something I just wasn’t meant to experience, and I was fine with it. For a while, at least.
"But you're mine," Matthew continues, and John lets out a deep breath. "Your lips are mine, your body is mine. Your skin."
“Fair point.” Sherlock agreed and John’s smile grew wider, if a thing like that was even possible. “And no, I don't have any plans.”
Everything stops the moment Sherlock's lips crash against his, and John loses the ability to think properly all together. He laces their fingers together tightly, holding on with all he's got as Sherlock is already pulling away, looking all too panicked. Using his free hand to bring their mouths closer again, John makes it his mission to make this man understand this is all right, much more than all right. He feels Sherlock shiver against him, the mere sensation making John's body catch fire. He parts his lips, giving Sherlock the chance to keep the kiss as it is or ask for more, but their tongues meet in the middle immediately. A loud groan echoes in the room, John finding that he couldn’t care less if he's the one making it.
Sherlock shrugs, not replying, and John is about to continue when Sherlock pulls away and seals their lips again. John melts into the touch, kissing back without a second thought and he feels Sherlock shake again. He holds him closer but makes sure he will be able to break away if he wants to, and long minutes go by before they both pull away, panting. "I know what you're wondering," Sherlock says, his voice barely a whisper. "And the answer is yes."
Before realising he’s even doing so, John copies Sherlock’s breathing, the two of them slowly melting into one.
“You don’t work here,” Sherlock began to reply, searching for the right door as they walked, “Why are you caring  about what I’m doing?”
John nods, the hand still cupping his face sliding to his nape, “She said it was the only thing keeping me from finally feeling at peace with myself.”
“We should each search a gallery,” John proposes, giving everyone their tickets. “We’ll go faster this way.”
“Oh no, that’s not happening,” Lestrade laughs. “Sherlock, I’ve known you for years, and not once have you shown any interest for that sort of thing, and now that you apparently kissed a complete stranger in a pub, you can’t act as if you just don’t care!”
"I imagined falling asleep to the sound of you pacing in the room," John begins, closing his eyes, the images coming to him so easily. "I would eventually wake up, and you had gone to bed after all. You'd be lying next to me, very close, and I would be hard. Maybe I was already dreaming about you, or my body knew that you were right there, it doesn't matter because you weren't asleep but staring at me." John stops to breathe in deeply. "We'd be face to face, and you would know I had an erection. And I'd notice that you had one too, impressively hard already, and neither of us would say a word as we slip our hands in our respective pants."
“I think I-” John shakes his head, lick his lips, frowns again. Sherlock can’t seem to be able to look away. “I did too.”
Staring at the information screen, Sherlock repressed a frustrated sigh as he shifted once again on the airport chair. He didn’t have any time to waste and this delay was compromising his entire plan. He needed to be inside that plane thirty minutes ago, not waiting here for some incompetent flight attended to call for the boarding. The woman at the desk had picked up the phone three times in the last ten minutes and clearly wasn’t getting any good news.
“It doesn’t make it easier, it only means you had time to imagine what it’ll be like and be disappointed when it-”
“Ah, care to elaborate on that? I mean any special interest? You don’t look like someone who follows procedures. Tell me if I’m wrong but I guess any kind of police work requires exactly that: following procedures.”
Another sharp nod and they're heading outside, Montgomery parking in front of the house just as Sherlock explains to Toby they'll be back soon. They leave him behind, and John doesn’t miss Sherlock's several concerned glances back towards the house as they drive away. "He'll be fine."
There is nothing Sherlock can do about the desperate moan that echoes inside the room the moment their lips meet. Unable to do anything else, he holds on tightly to John’s hand as he lets him take his every breath away. And when John pulls away almost immediately, he can only protest weakly, “No, no, don-”
, he would have murmured, shaking his head and rubbing a hand on his nape (he does so whenever he’s feeling compassionate with another human being).
Sherlock nods once, sharply, and gets out of the car without a word. Deciding not to let it overwhelm him just yet, John joins him on the pavement. They remain there for a long moment, neither one of them moving, speaking or even breathing it seems.
Sherlock suddenly stills, burying his head in the pillow and John stares down at him, panting. "What it is?"
"I'm off to take a shower," Matthew announces with a sigh, getting up. "It was nice to meet you, John."
“Let me guess, you’re looking for a room?” John rumbled. Perhaps he just had to make his intentions clearer and since Sherlock started laughing in a way that sounded almost relieved, he thought that he might just be in with a shot.
But John is brushing their lips together again, smiling and laughing and shining inside this room that has always been too big for Sherlock alone. So he kisses back, pours everything into the soft contact of their lips so that John won’t ever think about sleeping anywhere else, won’t never think about sleeping with anyone else by his side. He’s not sure who is the first to dare ask for more, but the instant the kiss depends, Sherlock knows he will never get tired of
He lets himself give in to a silent contemplation. He can only see Sherlock’s profile from here, curls falling on his foreheads from the lack of proper care this morning. John suddenly regrets not having tried to trapped some between his fingers this morning. He lets his eyes trail down to Sherlock’s lips, licking his own slowly. Those, right there, those two full lips are everything John wants. If he’d just get to kiss Sherlock everyday for the rest of his life, he’ll know he’d live the best life he ever could. Even just one kiss, one press of their lips lasting forev-
Sherlock remained silent for a second, studying every feature of John’s face but everything about him screamed total honesty. “That’s not what people tend to say.”
He puts the enveloppe in his coat pocket and walks out of the flat. John will still be asleep, that much is certain, and Sherlock isn’t sure he can wait for the next case to discreetly slip the letter in John’s bag or pocket. If he can’t fulfill his need to
"I wanted to ask him to come trick or treat with us," John explains, now wanting more than ever to climb the stairs and find out what Mrs Hudson is poorly trying to hide.
“Now I get to know,” Sherlock says, sounding all too serious as he cups John’s cock in his hand. “Perfect.”
John takes the time to sit, glancing at his phone on the table, and replying as calmly as he can, “When have we ever?”
"The killer couldn't," Sherlock explains, he most likely killed her while she was having people over. He chose a slow poison, so that she would have the time to lock every door once everyone was gone, and even go to bed and die peacefully in her sleep."
“Of course”, John smiled and composed himself back into parade’s rest, “Do what you need to do and tell me when you actually need muscular help.”
“How did you know that?” The man asked after a minute of silence, clearly having tried to figured it out for himself beforehand.
“Good morning sweetheart,” he smiles as soon as he sees her. “Time to get up.” Rosie reaches for his shirt immediately, tugging a few times, still rambling. “I know, breakfast.”
When Sherlock finally manages to put down John’s letter, night has fallen. He casts a quick look at the window, trying to deduce the exact time, and rewards himself with a small smile when he checks the clock. He forces himself not to read John’s words for the thousandth time, having learned them all by heart now, and really, there isn’t much more he can do by simply sitting there, reading.
“During our case in baskerville, we shared a room.” Sherlock pauses and John waits patiently. “You fell asleep quickly but I was still feeling shaken from… well, you remember.” John nods. Sherlock takes a deep breath. “I kissed your temple. While you were sleeping. I leaned down and kisses your temple, just once.”
He goes to the bed instead, knowing Sherlock needs this time alone just as much as he does. He pull the covers down the bed, and moves to open the window just a little. Casting a quick look around the room, he decides to only leave the light on the bedside table on. He's just about to sit down and wait when he hears footsteps on the stairs. He smiles, feeling as a bloody teenager right before his first time. He can't imagine what must be going through Sherlock's head.
Sherlock can’t help but laugh, a nervous sound filling the air and making the knot in his chest tighten. “Trying to what? Bring me news about our mutual friends? See if I’m eating well? Make sure I’m alright before taking off again?”
John rolls to his side quickly, keeping one hand on Sherlock's chest, over his heart. "Do you want to slow down a bit?"
"We’re going to be there for four full days," John supplied, slowly getting why Sherlock had been so nervous. “Don’t you think we should find out?”
It takes all of Sherlock’s courage to speak the next words, “You want to kiss me.” John nods. “You’ve wanted to kiss me before.” Another nod. “You want more than just kissing me.”
My goal is to finish this fic by the end of the week, and for that I need to write three epilogues and one last letter from the others John&Sherlock. Wish me luck!
“Afghanistan,” the man replies, most likely by habit, and Sherlock can tell the exact moment he realises what he just said. “Wait, how do you-”
“You have nothing to be afraid of. I don’t expect you to stop feeling like this right now, but I know you will. With time.” John smiles, reaching for Sherlock’s hand on the table. “I have no more doubts now. We are going to be brilliant together, no matter what happened before. You want to know why I’m so sure?” Sherlock nods, eyes roaming all over his face. “Because I never stopped thinking about kissing you since that night. I thought about kissing you all the bloody time, before and after you jumped, before and after Mary, before and after the I moved back. I have been so desperately in love with you all this time that I have not a single doubt I am going to make sure this works.”
) It’s illogical, it defies every law of nature, and yet it’s happening. Sherlo- This other me knows things, John, things I never told anyone. Things no one could know expect if they can read minds. I haven’t slept for days, trying to make sense of this!
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment, eyes roaming all over his face, and John lets him read there everything he's feeling in this very moment.
"John," Sherlock begins, because of course he's able to read it all anyway. "It really is going to be alright."
“Sherlock, you’re allowed to have this, you know,” Lestrade replies, patting his shoulder as if to comfort him.
John shrugs, not replying but serving him some pasta instead with a pointed look. Sherlock sighs, more for the drama than anything else, and starts eating while glaring at him.
Sherlock's eyes flutter closed, the words echoing inside the room for what could be an eternity. "John," he murmurs, out of breath.
“Forensic Science” came the mumbled reply while Sherlock was clearly focussed on something else, namely scanning the security footage.
John nods, leaning against the counter. He waits until Matthew disappears in the bathroom before dragging his eyes back to Sherlock. They stare at each other for a long moment, the distance between them having never felt so important, so impossible to cross before.
"Oh John," Mrs Hudson smiles, gathering him into her arms. "I knew it. Now I do hope the two of you will stop acting like idiots."
“You can thank me later,” he hears Lestrade say as he descends the stairs two by two, quickly followed by another laugh.
His eyes find his watch a dozen times on the way to the nearest costume shop. He can't miss his chance and let Sherlock and Matthew leave without being able to follow. Just for tonight, just this once he's going to cross the line, one last time. It doesn't matter that Sherlock told him to go, doesn't matter he chose someone else to fill the empty space in John's chair. He can't let it go so easily, can't let Sherlock go without being absolutely certain he's not making the worst mistake of his life. One he should have fixed months, no, years ago already.
John hides his relief as best as he can and smiles, and feeling as if he could either cry or laugh at any moment now.
hears me," he exclaims, one fist hitting the counter. He runs a hand through his hair, focusing on his breathing and trying to regulate his pounding heart. "Is this for a case?"
John was a bit shocked, he had to admit, but it was still incredibly extraordinary. He had practically told Sherlock nothing about himself or his background and now it seemed like it had all been written onto his forehead from the get-go.
“Oh fuck,” John curses, moving faster, thrusting harder, panting closer and closer to his mouth, and the moment Sherlock sees him glance down to his lips, his pleasure explode.
Sherlock searches his eyes for a second, a smile blooming on his lips. John silently thanks you for the mentioning all the years that have passed since then.
His traitorous mind couldn’t switch off for too long though. Shortly after he had settled in to wait for the boarding to begin, he already started thinking of what lay ahead of him. When he had left for the war, all his belongings had gone into storage. There was no way he could afford to keep a flat in London when he wasn’t even living there most of the time. So his two weeks of leave would be spent at his sister’s. Harry was probably nice, in the overall sense. They used to have the usual sibling rivalry which had died down a bit with age. In its place they adapted accusations of betrayal, when Harry had realised John was going to ship out with the army, and general concern about his sister’s alcohol problem. She would never call it that but John had watched it getting worse and worse with each year. Their infrequent E-mails really didn’t give him a good point of reference but he was prepared for the worst. At least with this flight he would still get home on Christmas Eve, already looking forward to the luxury of sleeping in on Christmas morning.
“No, no,” Sherlock says immediately, suddenly fearing John might read it all wrong. “Everything’s fine.”
John knows he’s surely dying for a smoke. He had been trying to stop for month, and even if it was still a success, John knows how hard it was on him.
“I…” John begins before swallowing back what he was about to say, and Sherlock wishes he could chase the words back with his own two lips. Another long moment passes without either of them moving, and when John’s lips turn into a small smile, Sherlock feels himself grow bolder. But John is chuckling softly as he says, “At least we’re not cold anymore.” and reality crushes back down Sherlock’s shoulders.
You've probably noticed that I haven't updated this fic in a long time, and I am very sorry for that. Truth is, I've started other projects and got too busy with work&life too. I feel like the end of the last chapter left John and Sherlock in a good place, and so I'm marking this story as complete for now. I'm sure I will end up going back to this story some day, I have still so much ideas.
Sherlock rose to his feet and walked to the gate desk, barely leaving the women the time to hang up the phone before saying.“I need to take that plane, right now.”
“You’re here now,” Sherlock says, breathing out deeply. “And as for myself, I didn’t mean what I said when I told you I didn’t want you here. You’ve always been welcome here, you have to know that.”
“And to think it all happened thanks to me,” Lestrade laughs, earning himself another glare, just as his phone chimes.
"But I didn't send that text, or all the others for that matter," Sherlock continues, having now turned to face him. "Mrs Hudson begged me to call you, Lestrade told me about all the times you asked for news, and I realised I was angry." He stops, breathing out deeply. "At you." John shudders, refusing to break their eye contact. "Why should I be the one to text or call? You had a phone too if you were using it to call Lestrade. You could be the one to reach out."
“I don’t like that he likes you,” he finally says. “I don’t like that he had dinner with you tonight.”
He closes the few steps still separating them and stops in front of John, his own throat suddenly dry. “You’re early,” he finds himself replying for some unknown reason.
John lets out a small laugh after another second or two, finding it hard not to lean down and kiss him again, “Better?”
John doesn’t reply but Sherlock can feel him relax a little. The music fades into the next one, quicker, louder, but John doesn’t change their rythme, holding tighter to his hand. Sherlock closes his own fingers around his shirt, struck once more by the pure need of bare skin, and the possibilities offered to him now making it hard to breath. He pulls away just enough to meet John’s eyes again, still looking amazed.
It took him a few moments to regain his breath and slow his pulse. When he completely opened his eyes again, he found Sherlock lying on his chest by the looks of it completely spent and utterly exhausted. Carefully John closed his arms around the younger one, stroking with one broad palm softly over the skin beneath Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
After choosing Lestrade as his best man, John had the pleasure of listening to him talk about all the possible ways that the day could go. Surprisingly - or not - Sherlock had chosen Mycroft as his best man. Meetings at Baker Street to plan the wedding had been something, that much was certain. But still, they had managed to organise the whole thing so that it would be a perfect reflection of themselves. The venue was a simple one, the guest list composed of close friends and family only and the party in one of Mycroft’s estates in the countryside. Really, John couldn’t have dreamt of anything more perfect. At least, if he managed to get there in time.
Lestrade pats his shoulder, "I should be the one apologizing. I should have told you about the case, I can't imagine what must have gone through your head when you found out Sherlock was engaged."
But, as usual, John had smiled and laughed and looked at him with something bright in his eyes, and Sherlock had lost control all over again. How could he think of trying if it meant losing
“He should be out of the shower now,” John hurries to say, moving away to let Victor pass. “Come on up.”
“Well I don’t want you here talking about banalities,” Sherlock snaps, hating how John can still make all of him ache.
John is panting against his lips, eyes still closed and Sherlock doesn’t move this time. He looks at him, already wondering just how exactly he was supposed to let him go. Brushing their lips softly together again, he breathes, “You don’t have your cane anymore.” He feels John tense, most likely awaiting the sudden pain in his leg, but Sherlock kisses him once more. “You don’t need it, never did.” John breathes out deeply between more kisses, hands slightly shaking against Sherlock’s nape. “You’ve got me.”
John laughs, tongue darting out to wet his lips and Sherlock averts his eyes quickly. He thanks Angelo silently when he shows up and they both give their order quickly, earning themselves a wink before he leaves. John is fidgeting with his fork again, opening his mouth a few times but not a single sound coming out and for the first time since they got in, Sherlock realises he’s not the only one with no idea what he’s doing.
“It would have been not good, yes,” John says, careful. “But you didn’t do it. The thoughts crossed my mind too and I didn’t, because I wanted to kiss you for real. And I’m sure that’s what stopped you too.”
John tries not to think of everything they’d talked about, and swallows around the lump in his throat, "Earlier?"
"Over there," Lestrade replies, nodding towards a closet. "I didn't know you'd be here," he says, looking at John. "I don't have any for you."
feeling. “God, we must look ridiculous,” John says between two laughs, not having stopped moving yet, and the situation goes from dangerous to critical in a second. Desperately trying to get it back under control, Sherlock shifts back just a little but John’s body follows automatically, seeking back warmth. Sherlock represses a sigh, teeth digging into his lower lip as his penis hardens inside his pants. Pressed against John’s arse. Erect.
"Lestrade, corner of Montague Street," Sherlock says over the phone before hanging up just as quickly. "They're close, it won't take long."
Sherlock swallows with difficulty, dozens of replies on the tip of his tongue but none breaching his lips as John moves even closer, their chests now pressed together and the feeling of his breath warm against Sherlock’s face. He looks down to his lips again, his eyes acting on their own volition apparently, and the noise of the people around them fades away as John’s tongue darts out to wet his lower lip.
I know you told me to take time to think about what I’d like to write in this letter, but I believe that isn’t the right plan. You see, by allowing myself time, I’d start questioning every single thought I’d be writing down - is it important enough, interesting enough, relevant enough… Whereas writing down what I’m thinking right now, barely two minutes after sending you that last text, I know that the things coming to my mind are the ones I truly need and want to tell you.
John looks back at him, focusing on the safe parts of his body, “And clearly you’re way too tired right now.”
John doesn’t reply, glaring at the man, breath coming ever shorter now, and Sherlock can’t quite believe what he’s witnessing. The man moves closer, about to claim his waist again and saying, “Why don’t we let him choose.”
"Mycroft, there was a time you would have sent a text," he declares as a reply, seeing Mycroft's smile over the phone.
“I love you,” John rushes out, “God, I love you.” He all buts throws himself at him again, and Sherlock parts his lips immediately, welcoming him in with a deep moan. He wraps one leg around his waist, urging John to settle back between them, and the friction makes them both groan into the kiss.
“I saw Greg last week,” he says, smiling. “He’s retiring at the end of the year, actually. He asks about you every time.”
“I said stop,” John breathes, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. “Just stop.” He lets the silence surrounding him fill his mind again, his breathing slowing and his head spinning just a little less. It’s packed now. He can’t back up, can’t pretend he hasn’t been thinking about leaving this town too full of memories and start new. He can’t do this anymore, can’t fool himself and let time take all he ever wanted from him. Rosie would be the one pushing him out the door if she was here, and John can’t help but smile at the thought. She’s been begging him to leave for weeks, to finally get a grip on himself and do things right. As if it was that easy, John had replied, closing the discussion once again but his energy to fight the inevitable growing weaker.
Hot, bright desire pulses through John’s veins. He kisses Sherlock’s shoulder, breathing out slowly.
"All right," Lestrade breathes after a beat of silence. "That should be enough for tonight. We'll see what Horsen has to say, but with the file we have, it shouldn't be a problem."
John nods, letting his eyes fall shut as they begin to sway with the music, bodies close and Arnold's breath warm against his neck. He focuses on that, on the music and how his every muscle seems to relax with each beat. He places one hand on Arnold's shoulder, holding on, while the other ventures down his back. He looks back at him, but Arnold is already lost to the dance, a small smile on his lips. John's eyes scan the crowd quickly, searching until he meets Sherlock's eyes, fierce and fixed on him. He's still in Matthew's arms, still dancing but it seems as if his entire focus is on John and John only.
John looks down at one of Rosie’s toys between their chair, feeling Sherlock’s eyes on him and letting the words spill out, “It’s so much more than I’ve ever dared to imagine, Sherlock.”
“I fact,” John continues, apparently oblivious to Sherlock’s inner struggle, “I’ll love nothing more but to slip under the covers with you right now.”
. John's hands tighten into fists inside his pocket, words he had kept silent for too long threatening to spill out only for an empty hall to witness them.
Darkness comes except from the splash of light of Sherlock’s phone. John listens to him typing for what could be hours or seconds, who cares really. Still, he’s not ready when it suddenly stops, complete darkness surrounding them. Sherlock settles down his back, the mattress moving with him, just as John’s body. Silence, again.
“That was supposed to sound, I don’t know, cute,” Lestrade sighs. “You tell me, then, what should I write?”
"I can take care of that," Rosie replies, pulling away to look at them both, a wild grin on her lips. "So, how is it going?"
So, to the question you asked that very first evening and that I never actually answered, yes, I am sexually attracted to men only. And to the question you asked that night - you know which one - yes, I am what Mycroft called me: a virgin.
“Kept me away from dying of boredom.” John smiled again, and Sherlock quickly stored it in his Mind Palace. “Have a safe trip back home.” John said before letting go of his hand, Sherlock, putting it back inside his pocket right away. He could still feel John’s warmth on his skin.
"I never thought you didn't," John replies, taking a step closer, unable to stop himself. "She knows your name, you know. Just this morning, she was searching for you." He smiles as Sherlock frowns at him. "Well, she calls you 'Lock, but I think it's a clear sign of how much I must be talking about you all the time."
That's all it takes for Sherlock's orgasm to explode between them, his muscles contracting around John and sending him over the edge in just two more thrusts. He's not sure how long they remain suspended in a state a pure bliss, but suddenly there is Sherlock's hot and ragged breath against his neck, and John is certain he's never going to be able to move again. Still, he forces himself to slide to his side, Sherlock turning in his arms to curl around him immediately, head nestled against his neck.
Sherlock seems to consider the question a little longer and finally begins the tale of the summer he spent with a distant cousin visiting. John listens, unable to stop smiling as he pictures the two boys exploring the woods in the search of rare plants. Desert comes but Sherlock doesn’t stop, now explaining how Derek had managed to make Mummy agree to let them sleep outside for two whole nights.
I loved my childhood. Despite everything I say or, actually, do not say, I only harbour cherished memories of growing up. My parents were, and still are, a perfect balance of love and kindness and authority. I wasn’t an easy child - I’m certain you’re not surprised - but they never made me feel as though I was different from any other children. They laughed at some of my deductions, were impressed by others but also reprimanded me when I was out of line without ever making me feel ashamed for what I was able to do and therefore not being able to properly socialize with other children my age. They never bothered to insist I invite classmates home or make me go to birthdays I had no interest in. They understood me and accepted me just as I was, and for that, I am eternally grateful. Even if I won’t admit it, of course. And now should be the right time to say it is not all Mycroft’s fault. He was a good big brother, all those years ago. I couldn’t do anything without him, following him everywhere he went. He played with me, read with me, listened to me. But he grew up, and so did I. And then came a point where he was only this older brother who kept insisting on taking care of me when I only wanted peace and quiet and freedom.
Matthew is looking at the two of them back and forth, a frown forming between his eyes, "Wasn't I supposed to tell?" He asks in a whisper, most likely directed to Sherlock only, and John closes his eyes, wondering what the hell is happening exactly.
He licks his lips, marvelling at the simple and yet breathtaking fact that he’s the one giving Sherlock all this pleasure, and says with all the love threatening to implode within him, “So beautiful, god, you’re so beautiful.”
John laughs again, and Sherlock makes sure to catalogue the sound quickly. “Some people can’t handle a bit of truth, apparently.”
“Hey,” John smiles, raising one hand to cup his face and stroking his cheek slowly, “That’s alright. I’m not mad that you know. Just surprised you didn’t say anything, that’s all.”
Pa' always had this sad look some days. I would come back from school and find him staring at Dad's chair, silent and barely breathing, and it always took him several minutes to realise I was there. He used to be good at hiding it, but with the years, it felt as if it had become too hard to simply pretend. I still have no idea how Dad managed to miss it, or if maybe he just didn't let himself notice it.
“Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.” He replied before turning away. Somehow, John’s stare was making Sherlock more uncomfortable than he had thought. Better to focus on his case again.
Sherlock’s breath is now warm against his lips, and John isn’t sure he can focus long enough to say anything else at this point. He does his best to hold Sherlock’s studying eyes, and lets the feeling that had been developing all evening show as best as he can.
John rolled his eyes and quickly intervened. There was no way he would let Sherlock slip through his grasp again.
“I know for a fact that the bed is large enough for two.” Sherlock finally replied and John’s smile could have lit up the entire airport.
How fucking unfair is it that these versions of ourselves get to be happy. Why them? Why do they get to be married and waking up next to each other every morning? Why do they get to kiss, hold, and love each other without restraint when I can’t even send you a single text without wondering if you’ll ever want to talk to me again.
John smiles, taking a step towards him and not letting go of his hand, “You’re allowed to have second thoughts, you know. We don’t have to go there yet.”
The door is being pushed open, Victor stepping in, “Hi, I got out much earlier than planned, so I thought I’ll come by.
“Why don’t we finish that documentary on BBC, “ John offers. “We’ll have time to finish all this later.”
Sherlock nods, studying him for a long minute before saying, “When you went upstairs without me, I almost didn’t join you. I almost walked out of the flat.”
"Maybe one day I'll tell you about all I dared to imagine while I was away," Sherlock promises, watching as John's eyes light up with curiosity.
I reread it more time than I can count. I know every word by heart, and some even followed me into my dreams. You touched me, John, just like in your letter. You touched and kissed and held me, and I woke up missing you even more. If this is not my subconscious letting me know I’m ready, then I don’t know what to think. Have I been ready for months, years? All those mornings I woke up wishing you were in bed, my body aching for yours, were they signs of what my body already craves?
John looks back up at him, smiling again. “You certainly didn’t let it show. I was certain you were going to tell me to bugger off.”
“I’m glad we did it,” John says, his tone much softer now. “It’s been too long since we last had a moment to ourselves.” Sherlock decides to keep to himself the exact amount of months, hours and minutes. “If you change your mind, don’t forget to put another log of wood in there before going to bed.”
It appears that in each universe, John and I meet the same way. The Pool universe is no different, we meet John in a lab in Bart’s and the very next day, he kills a man for us and moves in the upstairs bedroom. The day after that differs in my universe, but in yours and the Pool’s, the next few months are the same (except for some details that are truly irrelevant here). Which brings us to april 2010 and, as you surely remember, Moriarty. I won’t bother to go into details here, this day has marked me in a very different way than it marked you, but still there is no need to relive those moments yet another time.
“The two of you,” Greg continues, almost daring him to say something now, “you are good for each other. No matter what people say about him or about you, you truly are good for each other.”
“All flights have been cancelled for the night.” The man replied, “So if you please, my office is this way.”
I can honestly say that I didn’t let John get out of bed for a entire day after the incident, too afraid he might slip through my fingers once again. I don’t think he minded, not at all in fact.
“When you woke up, it was already dark outside and you immediately burst out laughing at yourself. You asked me if I had performed experiments on you while you slept, but I could read on your face you knew perfectly well I wouldn’t have dared. I realised you knew me too well and that I didn’t mind, that I only wanted to hear you laugh again, and maybe even kiss the sound directly from your lips.”
“Sherlock, maybe I didn’t make it clear enough, but I’ve been thinking about that kiss for a very long time.”
) He explained that scientist and astronauts found an anomaly in space and manage to make contact with other realities. Apparently, people can now talk to their other self thanks to organisations. I take it this other me, and you, did just that.
Sherlock watches her climb the stairs quickly, barely hiding her smile, and he can’t help but laugh, shaking his head.
"Oh," Rosie smiles, glancing at him and John can't help but frown at her obviously delighted face. "Of course."
“Maybe,” John says, deciding this isn’t the time for this discussion yet. “But I’ll be kissing you, and that’s something quite huge if you ask me.”
“I’ve made those toasts you love,” John offers, giving him the toasts in question and not bothering to hide his growing smile when Sherlock takes two. “Slept well?”
Somehow not surprised of Sherlock’s current state of wake, John can only remain silent. Just for a few more seconds.
"Just a case," John replies, surprised that speaking the words out loud makes something bright burst through his chest, and he finds himself laughing. "It was all for a case."
John frowns, having not expected Sherlock to bring the letter up so suddenly. He presses a soft kiss against his nape, holding him just a little tighter. “Only if that’s what you want, too.”
“I can fill you up on the details,” John says, whispering. “We were closing up on the drug case, the suspect was in his flat, alone, and so of course you went in before the police got here. Ring a bell?”
"I'm not sure," Sherlock finally whispers. "I think on some level, I had given up very early on, but I might have been just fooling myself in believing that I had."
“Is it the alcohol that has made you an even more of an idiot?” he asks, knowing perfectly how weak his avoidance of the subject must sound.
I should have listen to Mycroft. Just the fact that I'm writing this down is the only proof I need that I'm going out of my mind with all this. Alternate universes do not exist. No matter the facts, no matter the inconstances. This Sherlock Watson-Holmes can't do anything to
"Of course you can," John replies, heading back downstairs. He stops in the kitchen, pouring himself a glass of water before sitting down. Rosie imitates him in silence, one finger tapping against the table, and for a long moment John studies her. She's grown, that much he can tell. She almost seems more mature, her hair shorter and a little something in her eyes different.
When he came back to London, Sherlock would become the only consulting detective in the world. He only had to make sure not to lose his suspect in the enormous airport, which seemed a lot more difficult than he had anticipated.
“There is nothing to be sorry about,” John murmurs, his breath warm against Sherlock’s face. “Absolutely nothing, my Sherlock.”
They fall silent, the previous urgency in their movements fading away, and John breathes it all in. He brushes Sherlock's flushed cheeks slowly, his thumb tracing his lower lips with attention. Sherlock's leg falls back to the floor, his hands settling on John's waist without pushing him away, nor pulling him closer. John sees on his face the inevitable, and he lets out a quiet sigh, "You have to go."
“I want to know the exact weight of your erection in my hand,” Sherlock blurs out, fingers tightening into fist in John’s shirt.
Sherlock nods, lips parting as if to speak but he turns around without saying another word, and John remains standing there, in a room made for him, and that had remained empty for the past four years.
Sherlock obliges him quickly, climbing half on top of him and claiming his mouth again. John lets his hand trails down his back and onto his arse, massaging slowly. With one hand still around him, Sherlock starts to stroke him.
John kicks him under the table, making them both chuckle. There is now laughing lines around Sherlock’s eyes and John can’t helps but imagining kissing them, slowly, softly.
"She only congratulated me four times, which is remarkable," Sherlock says, an amused smile on his lips. "She also said she always knew the two of us were made for each other," he adds with another roll of his eyes.
"That's a first," John chuckles. "Apologizing for sulking." Sherlock remains silent, tightening his hold around him. It takes John another long moment to realise what that sorry actually meant. "You know,” he breathes, smiling, "you don't have to change anything, right?"
Sherlock slides a few files towards him and in shared silence, they get to work. Writing down mostly numbers and dates, John makes sure to reread everything before putting it aside, knowing a single mistake could make it all invalid. Better make sure this Victor won’t need their help ever again. Lunch time passes without neither of them noticing, and it’s only when John’s stomach begins to make itself known that he checks the time.
John holds him tighter, “I have never been on the bottom, as they say, but I slept with a few men before.”
The Christmas party really was rather boring but John enjoyed a nice helping of pie and was currently nursing a glass of scotch while sitting in one of the armchairs. He had shortly thought about sitting at the bar but then decided to get comfortable. Drinking while sitting on hard chairs is what you did in the army all the time, he wanted to feel the luxury of being himself. The hotel wasn’t the most luxurious one possible but after camp in Afghanistan and the looming shared living space with his sister, he was relishing in the time he had for himself. Sure, he would have loved to spend it with Sherlock. He was sure there were still a lot of interesting things to be learned, especially since he had nearly no knowledge of personal details yet. Someone like Sherlock definitely came from an extraordinary family and lead a life far from anything that could be considered normal. John really wanted to have him here, sitting with him for a while just talking and then later…
Before you decide to throw this letter in the trash, because I know that’s what I would have done in your place, allow me to prove to you my identity. For starters, who else would have known you’ll notice the sudden cracking lath on your floor and immediately search for something underneath? Who else would have known that’s where you used to hide your secrets all those years ago?
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies, hating how he can feel himself blush, but Lestrade doesn’t comment on it.
ruin it all. I’ve done it before, so really, there’s nothing stopping me from doing it all over again.
“-ou see, he can’t be alone, he’s not well. Oh, my poor brother, I shouldn’t have let him go by himself, I should have known better, I’m such a idiot. What if something happened to him, what if I never see him aga-”
"Sorry," John finds himself saying, wishing he could slap himself for being such an idiot. "I mean, I didn't mean to-"
Sherlock doesn’t reply, simply smiling back at him and sitting next to Quentin. The cab ride is strangely silent, Quentin biting nervously at his fingers, Sherlock engrossed as always on his phone, and so John keeps to himself too. He wonders what exactly Sherlock managed to see in that flat that he didn’t, or was it only in Timothy’s bedroom? He’s used, by now, to all of Sherlock’s tricks, and yet he finds himself waiting impatiently for the big finale.
"I wasn't thinking straight. I'm sorry," John murmurs, matching his tone. "You clearly seem to be hap-"
Sherlock falls back silent as John lies down, waiting patiently until Sherlock rearranges himself on top of him. They stare at each other for what could be an eternity, and when John tentatively pulls Sherlock’s head for a kiss, he feels him tense just a little. He tries to make it go away with several tender kisses, but Sherlock’s eyes are shut tightly when he lets go, “What is it?”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, nodding slowly before standing up and taking both of their mugs back to the kitchen. John waits for him outside, trying to remember the last time he felt so at ease with himself and the world around him, and by the time Sherlock is coming back, John has made his decision.
“I hate that I didn’t manage to be there after Sherlock… went away, and I don’t want to make the same mistake now.”
They walk to the door together, Lestrade going in first. John counts to five before following. His eyes find Sherlock immediately, tall and breathtakingly beautiful. He doesn’t look away all the way towards him, finding that his hands are no longer shaking. He knows exactly what he’s doing, has been waiting for this day for a very long time, in fact. He has no reason at all to be nervous. This is the rest of his life, and he’s more than eager to get started.
problem when it comes to Sherlock. But still, watching the two of them, in appearance so alike and with a commun past John isn’t aware of, makes it all a thousand time worse. He can’t just stand there, watching in the background the happy reunion. He needs to get out and calm down.
Rosie is already playing with the toy, ignoring him entirely, and John fights the urge to check if there isn't a bottle of scotch left in the kitchen. He closes his eyes, focusing on his breathing and trying to loosen the knot slowly forming in his chest. He can control himself, has been learning to do so for the past few weeks, back with Ella. In the end, she had been the only one he had been able to talk to, really talk to. In some way, she had always known, had always been the only one who could understand what was really happening inside his head. It doesn't mean it had been easy to sit back on that chair and face what she had to say without denying all of it. Old habits die hard, they say.
I promised you that I would tell you about each universe we exist in, and so I will. For the purpose of these letters, let’s established that my universe is the first one (which I’ll be talking about last), and yours the second. That leaves us with two more, and in this letter, I’m going to talk about the third universe. I’ll try to write down everything I would wish to know if I were in your place, and I apologize in advance if by the end of this letter, you feel like I forgot something important.
He’s already lying back down on the right one, eyes everywhere but on Sherlock as he goes to put his pillow down. Only their breathing echoe in the room as he gets under the cover too, and for a long moment, they lie still with the lights on and neither of them thinking of doing anything about it.
Anna at the reception is surprised to see him, especially so that a doctor didn’t showed up. John assures her he can take care of his patients, glad to know he won’t have time to think too much all day. He spends the next seven hours keeping busy, not taking a moment to himself and skipping lunch to make sure Tom won’t know he’s there. He’s far from being in the mood for a chat or pep talk right now.
“Yes,” John says, laugh lines around his eyes and the remainder of a blush on his cheeks. “Too much of a challenge?”
Sherlock watches mesmerised as John’s cheeks redden, and they’re both avoiding each other eyes as Sherlock can only confess, “I noticed you the moment I walked in.”
John hovers at the bottom of the stairs for a minute, considering saying they can talk about it another time and leave now, but would Sherlock understand? This man he had just spent a brilliant evening with might be oh so clever, John is starting to think he might also be entirely clueless about many things.
“It’s been hours,” John continues, an edge of anger in his voice now. “Surely you know what caused it by now?”
). Just, please, call or text or something when you get this message? I’ll just be… waiting. Ok. Right. Bye.
. Exactly what Sherlock had been trying to do for weeks, months even. Complete honestly, facing the consequences, getting it all out. “I used to hate these kinds of body reactions,” he says, finding courage in the hope in John’s eyes, “but I’ve gotten… used to it.”
John shrugs, starting to wonder if he's somehow done something wrong. Or worse, if he's already doubting what they just said. "I'm sure it's nothing," he manages to reply, getting to his feet. "I'll go talk to him, why don't you take your things upstairs, and after we can go out for diner?"
“Two other doctors were already there, trying to catch the kid to calm him but they couldn’t seem to be able to get a grip on him, a fast runner he was for sure.”
Sherlock stares at him before shaking his head, but John doesn't have the time to panic before he's being pushed to lie down. He laughs as Sherlock lies on top of him before groaning and pulling him up to take his place. His laughter is still echoing in the dark room,  as John lets himself be pulled down. "Satisfied?" He asks, lying half on top of Sherlock now, and his breath catches when he feels Sherlock nuzzle his head against his neck. "You did this at the club, switching our position."
“Goodnight,” he smiles, one hand already on the door handle but his entire body turned toward him. “And thank you again, for the books.”
"I've been waiting for the both of you this whole time," Sherlock declares, dropping a smiling kiss on Rosie's forehead. "Now come on, I know just where to go."
John stops himself before thrusting into his hand, cursing under his breath. Sherlock looks up sharply at him, frowning, and John brushes their lips together, "This is amazing." Sherlock smiles back, trapping his lower lip between his own. And, god, John should have known he'd be brilliant at this too.
"Yes," John smiles, wondering just how often he must talk about Sherlock for her to already remember his name. "We haven't seen him in a long time, have we?" He continues, finally managing to slide her head into the dress. "He will be very happy to see your costume, you know.” He takes advantage of his daughter’s apparent fixation on his every word to brush her hair quickly. "He always said he hated halloween, but with a costume like yours, he won't be able to say no to trick or treat."
Sherlock goes from frowning to opening his eyes wide in a second, blushing, and all John can think is how beautiful he is right now. “How can they…” Sherlock begins before frowning again.
Sherlock opened the door, checking the hallway to make sure no member of staff was there and got out. John followed quickly, regaining his place beside him and Sherlock waited for the obvious next intervention. He eyed the soldier, his lips stretch in a thin line and his eyes scanning the floor before them. It didn’t take a lot of work to deduce John’s next words.
"I'm in," Rosie smiles, walking toward him and kissing his cheek quickly. "I'm happy you're here, Dad."
Sherlock lets go of his hand immediately, his entire body tensing as he turns to face him, “You’ve changed your mind.”
John laughed, really vividly imagining the enigmatic personality bustling through a crime scene and a lot of her majesty’s finest accepting their fate.
Sherlock followed as John lead to the lift, the both of them walking far too close to each other. Sherlock smiled as their hands brushed against each other with every step and he didn’t step away when John almost leaned into his side in the elevator, both of them staring at the floor numbers passing by. Sherlock could almost feel all the tension hanging around them, John’s breath coming quicker and quicker as they approached their floor. They were out of the lift in seconds, John already taking out his key card and opening the door for him.
“Oh come on,” Rosie replies, laughing, “You know he couldn’t ask you to move out even if he wanted to, which he really doesn’t.”
John almost asks, the question having come in different forms inside his head for weeks now. And now, with Sherlock telling him that not altering their habits around each other, they are going to fool two of the most brilliant minds there is, well, of course he is going to be confused. If it at all seemed like an opportunity a few hours ago, now John isn’t so sure. How can any relationship be build on an act.
John lets the hand still in Sherlock’s curls slide down to his cheek, stroking it slowly, “But what about after? This could be just your body’s reaction to mine, and the last thing I want is for you to regret it afterward.” He stops Sherlock from cutting him off again with a quick kiss. “I can wait, I really can.”
He knows, John. The thoughts that were keeping my mind wide awake the first night you slept in the upstairs bedroom. He knows exactly what I was thinking about because he had lied there too, staring at the ceiling and running dozen of scenarios inside his head. But it appears that he dared to do what I couldn’t, and it changed everything.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, the flight 654 to London will be delayed indefinitely. Our flight attendant are at your service for any question. Thank you very much for your understanding.”
for a long time. But at the same, Sherlock can’t be thinking about what is going to happen because it makes his stomach turns into knots and his breath goes short.
John’s eyes flutter closed, the moment of the look Sherlock gave him during diner making it hard to focus.
“Your clothes,” he began as they stopped for the third time. “Clearly you’re in the military, you didn’t take the time to change so I’d said it’s your first deployment. Wearing those clothes makes you feel comfortable, a constant reminder that you really are part of the military now. Then there is the sunburn on your neck. It’s newish.You are already tanned but your skin still isn’t yet used to being exposed to the burning sun every day. That only left two possible locations for your deployment: Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“I’d like to collect data,” Sherlock replies, sounding just hesitant enough for John to fall a little more in love. “About you.”
But he pushes the cover down the bed, rolls over and gets up without glancing at his phone. He doesn’t think about picking it up once while getting through his routine, avoiding his own eyes in the mirror and going to fetch Rosie before she starts crying.
He stares at his phone, still in hand, and then Sherlock’s letter open on the coffee table. Did he really just say all
The music is much too loud but John doesn’t mind. He had been dancing with a few lieutenants for most of the evening, enjoying the moment much more than he would have thought in the first place. Greg’s party was a well success considering even Sherlock seems to be having a good time. John had made sure to glance at him regularly while dancing, their eyes meeting for long seconds before breaking away. The thrill had never been more exciting.
John looks back at the road. Act like they always do. John isn’t sure what that is supposed to mean exactly. In fact, he hasn’t been sure of how to act around Sherlock for some weeks now. Ever since Sherlock had insisted he moved back in with Rosie actually.Yes, the first few days had been filled with uncomfortable silence and half finished sentences, but after they got around to finally talked, things had almost been like they used to be.
He signed John Watson-Holmes. I’m sure the Sherlock writing to you also signed both of our names. I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. That's something, no? I mean, these two other versions of ourselves, writing to us for some strange reason, are married. Married.
Nuzzling at the edge of Sherlock’s jaw he hummed, “We have a bed. What do you think about making use of it?”
Sherlock's eyes find the wrinkles on his face, witness of the years they have spent apart. He represses another shiver, not letting this ever so familiar ache spread through his chest.
“This man is criminal,” Sherlock replied, walking out of from the man’s reach, “You’ll need to call the police right away.”
The jam ends up being absolutely delicious, and John hates himself as he adds more to his third toast. He keeps an eye on Sherlock, already writing down notes while going through Victor’s papers.
"John," he says, sounding all too serious. "I'm afraid any friction against my penis will put an end to all this quite quickly."
I’m starting to accept the situation, or I think I am. It doesn’t feel as strange as the first few times now, reading words from another version of myself. My mom used to tell me there are things in this world that we can’t explain, I guess this is one of them. Who knows what the future will offer? Who knows what mankind is capable of doing? I sure don’t.
“Still sure you don’t want to come along?” He tried asking again. Somehow none of the shirts he found quite struck his fancy. “I think it could be fun or at least some proper Christmas food.”
Sherlock tries to smile, but feeling still embarassed by how quickly things got out of hand. He should have been more in control, they had only been kissing after all, and-
Victor, who had finished a long time ago, lunches to his feet. He stops right behind Sherlock’s chair, much closer than necessary.
She laughs harder and John can’t help but smile, too. Of course today would have gone entirely not as expected. For starters, they had woken up way too late, which explains why they had left without the rings, really. It’s not as if they hadn’t spent most of the night whispering about all that was going to happen today, or had “not married sex” as Sherlock called it one last time. And yet, it had been Mrs Hudson, worried they weren’t coming to get her, that had come to wake them up just two hours before the ceremony.
XX32: You know… reading about the incident, Moriarty and all the… rest. I mean, reading that we are married in one universe was a shock but in a se-
Sherlock closes his eyes, his entire body shuddering. This is exactly why it had been so easy, because John knows. Always has. He knows and loves Sherlock so deeply that every touch of his hands and mouth and body makes it all so natural.
And now, while his suspect was finally in the same building as him, a bit of snow was going to ruin all of Sherlock’s hard labour.
John represses another laugh before shaking his head, “Sorry, it’s just that… well, you’ve got some sauce on your chin.”
in a voicemail? “Fuck,” he curses out loud, sitting back against the sofa and cursing once more, “I’m an idiot.” He closes his eyes, sighing loudly. He hadn’t meant to leave any message at all, just ask Sherlock if they could meet to talk, and somehow he had ended up making a fool of himself, mumbling nonsense and confessing his feelings in a bloody voicemail. To be honest, he hadn’t been thinking clearly ever since reading Sherlock’s letter, each and every one of his confessions prompting a thousand questions, and John had found himself on the verge of storming out of his flat and heading to 221B more than once during the night. Only Rosie and what was left of rational thinking had kept him in his own bed, trying not to overthink Sherlock’s words.
They part, finally, and John forces both of their attention back to him, “Would you like some tea or coffee?”
Sherlock perfectly remembered the solid muscle of John’s stomach and the way his shoulder blades had rolled when he had put on another shirt. Sherlock could have laughed at the not so subtle teasing if he hadn’t been too busy hiding his burning face. John was handsome and denying it wasn’t going to help him right now. Of course Sherlock wasn’t oblivious to sexual attraction, or even to sex in general. He had experienced it, three times, before realising that two minutes of pure bliss wasn’t worth all the troubles. Flirting, kissing, small talk. All of it dull and quite tendious. But then, Sherlock hadn’t feel this pure want, this need to touch and caress and taste with his previous sexual partner. It had been efficient, both parties only interested in a one night stand and it had fit Sherlock’s plan nicely.
"Your legs were wide open," Sherlock continues, and each hot breath against John's neck is a sweet torture.
"This is tedious, John," Sherlock declares, joining him in the kitchen. He stops next to him, leaning against the counter. "It's not fair to Rosie, you know."
John takes a deep breath, “What about we get it off our chest once and for all, talk about all the time we wished for this and then we try and forget about it.”
Sherlock doesn't reply, turning the water off and wandering off to the living room again. John waits, a minute, two but it appears Sherlock is done with brunch. Deciding his own dishes can wait, John heads for the bathroom, desperate to clear his head. Too much hope had always been dangerous, and waking up pressed against Sherlock is definitely -
"Remember, you tell me if you're uncomfortable," John reminds him, and after another nod, he pushes the tip of his finger in. Sherlock inhales sharply, head falling back on the pillow and his back arching. John stops, keeping his finger still until he's certain he can pull away slowly. Sherlock looks back at him after three or four push, his chest rising heavily now. John, focused on him and him only, dares to push further the next time, to the second knuckle, and is rewarded with a loud moan.
Sherlock puts his shirt back on before John comes in, blushing just a little when John’s eyes meet his.
"Oh and by the way," Lestrade says, smiling as he turns around to look at them once parked. "Nice costumes." Sherlock is out of the car with another roll of eyes but without a word, and John can't help but return Lestrade's amused smile, "Come on, let's get this over with."
“Passengers aren’t supposed to be here. I’m simply following the rules of any airport, just as you should.” the voice was calm and authoritative. It was obvious that it was used to giving and receiving orders. If the army fatigues, which Sherlock could catch a glimpse of from the corners of his eyes, hadn’t given away the man’s military profession, his voice would have erased any doubts about this particular deduction.
His eyes drop to my lips and I can’t hold back the quiet whimper low in my throat. I’m not certain who moves first, but the second he’s kissing me, I forget about everything else entirely. I only realise now just how much I’ve been craving
"Wait," John says after a moment, reaching blindly for the lube and pouring some on his hand. He straightens up a bit, staring down at the both of them and barely repressing a moan. "It'll be easier," he explains, lubing Sherlock's erection and getting the most sensual reaction out of him immediately. He chuckles, dropping some lube on his own cock, and Sherlock is quick to stroke him again.
John takes a step back, looking alarmed all the sudden, glancing at Sherlock for the briefest second. His voice is shaking as he says, “Yes, yes, of course, he chooses.”
Sherlock only has to look down to realise John is sitting right next to him without any suitcase by his side. He’s still smiling but it’s brighter now, more honest, more open, and Sherlock has no idea what do about any of it.
Mornings are still Sherlock’s favorite part of the day, for different reasons now. If it is rare of for him to wake up after John, he learned to love those the most. There is a tangible moment, barely a few seconds, where the limit between dream and reality remains a bit blurry, where the feeling of John’s lips on his neck, kissing him softly, might as well be the continuation of his dream. Sherlock wishes he could linger in those moments, those few seconds where anything is a possibility. But then, with warm touches and whispered adorations, John fully wakes him up and, actually, this might be the best part of his morning.
"No," John asserts, meeting his eyes again. "But there are things we need, and I'm hoping that the time it will take us to get them will also allow us to cool down a bit."
“Simply that my legs go weak when we’re on a case and you look at me as if I hold all the answers. My entire body shivers when you stand close to me, sometimes placing a helping hand down my back or grabbing my arm to lead me somewhere. My head spins when I think of kissing you, threading my fingers through your hair and pressing our bodies together. Heat boils down my abdomen when I imagine you naked underneath me, moaning my name over and over again.” John stops, heart now pounding. “I want to crawl inside your body too, Sherlock, and stay there so that you won’t ever think of letting me go.” John kisses him again, breathing Sherlock in. “So you don’t need to worry about all those feelings because, you see, they’re making me just as helpless as you.”
He feels Sherlock’s hand brush his, the contact brief but reassuring. John glances at him, finding Sherlock already looking at him. John smiles back, moving just a little closer. He feels just a bit stupid now, feeling so scared. It was Sherlock, it was them. They’ll find a way to make it easy.
“I’m sorry. I’d rather be at home too, but this is how it is. Better make the best out of it.” he shrugged and let Sherlock into the small lift first.
The blush on Sherlock’s cheeks makes something ache inside John’s chest. He wonders if he’d be able to make Sherlock blush this way so easily all the time, and how he never noticed before.
blue : personal investigations (a bit unsure about that) => yes, a brand new journal just for the parallel universes
be feeling. Christ, he had hated that day too, even if it had taken weeks for him to acknowledge the fact. And to think he didn’t even see a glimpse of Sherlock’s true feelings is making him sick with regrets. He should have seen, should have noticed something was wrong. For God’s sake, that speech had been
Next up, this was all supposed to be Chapter 1, but I felt like cutting it off where I did because it felt right. So if this feels like it was written in conjunction with the first chapter, you're right.
I'm turning 18 and catching a bus to Disney World tomorrow, so my happiness will already be peaked, but you can still grant me a birthday wish of comments, kudos, and subscribers. I love you all, and enjoy the story.
“You tell me.” John stared him down for a moment, wondering if maybe he shouldn’t punch this twat just on principle, before he turned on his heel and marched back towards the car that brought him here and the gorgeous chick who’d brought him here. His phone buzzed once again, and John glanced at it before getting in the car.
“For fuck’s sake, Harry!” he exclaimed as he stepped into the tiny flat he’s been sharing with her. He dropped the groceries in the armchair by the door and rushed to kneel over his big sister, who was currently passed out in a pool of her own vomit. For the fifth time in the last two weeks. He checked her pulse and reactivity to make sure she was just smashed, and, shaking his head against his knotted stomach, he hauled her up. Stumbling slightly under the dead weight, he dragged her the three feet from the kitchen into her bedroom and deposited her on the bed with as much grace and gentleness as he could manage (that was, not much). “This can’t keep happening, Harry,” he sighed and kissed her forehead, fully aware that would have gotten him slapped if she were at all conscious and not really caring. Harriet Jane Watson may have been the eldest Watson, but John was the one who was always looking out for her, not the other way around. In fact, his earliest memory was cleaning up the milk his sister had spilled in her haste to go play with her friends so their parents wouldn’t yell at her. John was the one who Harry came out to first, sure, but John was also the one who took the fall three weeks later when a half-naked girl had been found in their house at night, even though she was Harry’s girlfriend, not John’s. Even now, almost all of John’s army pension was paying for the flat, even though Harry’s job could have easily paid for the whole thing.
I paid attention! All I heard was you going on about the angle of the gun and something about violets. I didn’t know you’d solved the bloody case. – GL
“Same-sex marriages may be legal, but the mindset of the country is not as accepting of the changes as most had hoped,” he explained. “Besides, at the time this other Sherlock would have been raised, the conditions would have been much worse. If his childhood was even remotely like mine, likely he decided to close off his sexuality and focus on his studies to detract from attacks. Freaks and geeks were attacked far less frequently than poofs and fags, in my experience.”
John knew he wasn’t doing her any favors by staying with her, paying her rent and helping her whenever she was too drunk or hungover to do it herself, but he just didn’t have enough money to get a flat by himself, and he was extremely wary of trying to get a flatmate. Ever since things had fallen through with Sarah, she and Molly had become thick as thieves, which meant both were out of the picture. Mike was moving in with his girlfriend of a year in only a few weeks when she moved back to London, and Bill knew that John moving into another flat would mean that he wouldn’t get to see Harry anymore, so neither would be of any help. And that was the grand sum of his friends he’d kept since he’d been deployed and sent back to London.
“Because you’re not a wealthy man, and, if you pardon my saying so, your sister is not in good health.”
Tell you what: I just got wind of one of those suicides you’ve been pissing me off trying to get a part of, only this one left a note. If you catch him taking the photo, not only let him know you saw him take it, but offer to take a selfie with him. Only when you send me the picture of you and him in the same frame will I let you in on the suicides
“Perhaps,” the older man conceded whilst sounding as if he was not conceding at all. “But perhaps you are merely delaying the inevitable. You are not a fool, Sherlock. You know as well as I that John will be livid when he discovers your deception. Besides, when dealing with John and other matters of the heart, you can be very childish.” Mycroft rose a hand to deflect his brother’s outrage. “I only mean that you do not want to know what John would decide after being angry with you. You would rather believe that you have a loyal best friend awaiting you than a man who has decided he would rather live without you.”
It was a well-established fact that Sherlock Holmes handled emotion about as well as Sherlock Holmes handled any other pesky intrusion that interfered with The Work, so Lestrade made it a point not to sigh or throw a fit when the detective began rattling off his deductions in lieu of responding to the previous statement. He did have a job to do, after all, and forcing Sherlock to do anything never resulted with happy endings for anyone. He pointed out the irrationality of Sherlock’s behavior, and if there was anything Sherlock hated more than boredom, it was irrationality. John wasn’t getting deleted anytime soon, Lestrade was positive.
“I never guess,” Sherlock replied loftily. “I simply narrowed it down to the most likely candidates, seeing as I never heard your actual first name.”
“Thank you, my dear,” he said, bending down to kiss her farewell just as the doorbell rang with her cab. “Take care, Marissa Roberts.”
his mind supplies, and he wonders at the workings of his own brain. It feels alien to him, distant. Forever slipping out of his reach.
“Most people tend to run away from a gunshot,” she said in English with a perfect, precise British accent. “Who are you that does not?”
“To be honest, we haven’t the slightest,” Bell replied a bit sheepishly. “No one has filed a disappearance of anyone fitting his description, and he isn’t in any of our files. No one on file matches his appearance, DNA, or fingerprints, but we expect that should all fall into line when he wakes up. If you want to go up and take a crack at him, he’s in room 202. That’s where your partner is now.” Sherlock nodded his thanks and made his way upstairs to meet her.
“Quite a popular one, for some inane reason,” he huffed. “Is that what you are to this world’s Sherlock? His blogger?”
He’s obviously in a group chat – texting four different people without changing the screen at all – and he got two responses about his announcement of his entrapment here. One was from another friend, but one inspired clear exasperation tinged with guilt and a slight cringe later when he received later texts from others in the group chat mocking either him or her about the slight blunder.
“You go first, I’m not sure I trust myself alone with you in a shower yet,” he grinned. Sherlock flushed ruby for the second time that night (and yep, John was
And if he wanted that particular brand of happiness again - and Lord, did he ever - he would have to first get the the bottom of the Martinssen case.
. I am Sherlock Holmes, the world’s first and only consulting detective, and I was sent here by your Moriarty, the wife and widow of my nemesis Jim Moriarty, from a parallel universe in which many things are similar but not quite the same.” With that, Sherlock sat back and stared at his counterpart in this universe, who had obviously been robbed of all speech.
hospitals. With the possible and pending exception of St. Bart’s morgue, hospitals were without fail a veritable cess pool of idiocy, useless academia, and crippling, droning boredom. A hospital trip meant trying and failing to tolerate the moronic doctors and nurses, pointless policies and restrictions, and a mandatory session of boredom usually termed “healing time” or “recuperation”. The worst part when he was in the hospital bed, however, was definitely the lectures. Lectures from Mrs. Hudson, from Lestrade, from Molly on the odd occasion (usually tempered by her awkwardness and obvious infatuation with him, but her stutter and bluster has been greatly reduced over the past few months or so), from his parents, from
"Yes," he agreed, and watched him walk away. A pricking in his thumbs, a shiver down his spine, the vaguest shape of an idea, all set to the dull whirring in his head, the increasingly urgent drumming of fatigue and pain. "Doctor..." He turned and knocked on the door. After a few moments, a blonde pixie of a girl, no more than ten, opened the door. Stared up at him with wide grey eyes. "Hello, Rosie," John said. "Is your mother home?"
“Ooh, sounds like someone for you, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “Another client, or that nice police officer who’s dating your brother, maybe?”
“How about you explain to me what that genius mind of yours sees?” he asked in response, and, huffing like a teenager, Sherlock sat across from him and began.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Sherlock scoffed. Other Sherlock and Other Watson glanced at each other, skeptical.
, that Sherlock only knew what to expect until John decided he didn’t want him to. Sherlock fell in love with him was like literally falling but only so far at a time, each time like thinking he was at the end of a staircase and falling down the one remaining step he’d forgotten. He’d fallen in love with John when he walked into St. Bart’s that first day, and he hadn’t even known that
He didn't have to wait long. Not for her gasp of shock and horror, not for the blinding pain from her collision of her hug, and not for the hardest blow of all, her greeting, screamed in his ear. His eyes locked onto Rose Tyler and his mind stuck on the Doctor.
“No one’s ever complimented you on your bedside manner, have they?” he murmured, and the strange man-child stiffened. “So is this the reformed drug addict?”
Big Brolly Brother took out a notebook from his inside pocket, and began speaking as he leafed through it. “If you do choose to resume your acquaintance with Mr. Holmes, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money to ease your way.”
“Thank you, my dear,” he said, buttoning up the last button on his shirt. “I’ll eat the eggs you made me and be on my way. Before you leave, though, take this.” He pulled a business card from his bedside table and handed it to her. “Should you find yourself in want of another night with me or in need of a detective, please don’t hesitate to call.” It wasn’t something he always offered, but Marissa was certainly memorable enough.
“A little,” she admitted. “Brought up stuff from the past I wasn’t crazy about thinking about, and warped a couple of things from the present to try to sound insulting. If he hadn’t pressed on all of the nurses’ dirty little secrets before setting into me, he might not have gotten to me as much, but as is… You didn’t happen to teach anyone else how to deduce, did you?”
“All the information we had at home on our Moriarty and a few extra cold cases Sherlock couldn’t solve.” (
Sherlock did not spare a single moment’s thought about John after he got off the Tube. Why should he, when he had an ongoing experiment in eel eyes, human eyes, and newt eyes, the conclusion of the case with the green ladder to devote the appropriate attention to, and a brand new case of serial suicides to contemplate? The man was a fairly amusing distraction during the nightmare that was forced enclosure in public transportation – surely a hellhole for those who
"John." He didn't even stop to consider the wisdom of telling his name to a stranger, instead feeling gratitude that the man's expression didn't even flicker. "John Watson." The man's eyes stayed focused and intense, as if he were trying to see through John, but his tone stayed easy and conversational.
"I would suggest knocking," came from behind him, and John whipped around at the unfamiliar voice. A man, probably twice his age, stood leaning against the wall behind him. Part of John screamed posh prick gone slumming - the brown pinstripe suit he wore was clearly custom tailored, and probably worth more than all of John's possessions combined, and the accent was crisp in the way most of the Estates' residents' weren't. But John hesitated at the label. There was something about the man's spiked hair, his beat-up Converse shoes, the comfortable posture as he leaned against what was essentially the wall of an unwashed alley. And there was definitely something about his eyes. They reminded John of how he felt in that moment, untamed and free, yet barely breathing under the weight of it all. Most of all, it was in the resigned sympathy that flashed through them once he saw the bruises, dulling and softening the wildness there...
Safely in the car, John allowed himself to laugh. Whether bloody Big Brolly Brother was involved with this Sherlock Holmes bloke or not, there was no doubt in John’s mind that he wasn’t escaping from this particular world anytime soon. He wondered whether he was going insane when he was more pleased at the thought than terrified.
The man turned to say something over his shoulder, and John's stomach dropped, even as it tried to rise into his throat. Another man stepped out of the blue box, and John felt his face heat. There was only one thing the two of them could have been doing in there, right?
Except that mentioning that to Mike seemed to open up an option, or at least the possibility of one. John had no real desire to share a flat with anyone, to figure out how to deal with a person in the damp suppression of the city versus the desperation that dried up with everything else in the desert. He didn't want to have to explain his limp and his nightmares to some anti-social idiot, didn't want to have to make the decision of whether or not he'd reveal his biological sex, didn't want anyone around to witness his descent into madness.
“So this is where a Sherlock lives,” an unexpected voice said in the suddenly not-empty room, and Sherlock bolted upright. He swung around, wide-eyed as the noise in his head shut down to a single note.
No, he said he didn’t want to, but his friends are repeatedly texting him, so I anticipate him giving in to their demands shortly
“You say you’ve taken on the craziest that there are, yes? You’re Sherlock Holmes and his Watson, of course you take on nothing less than the most interesting, anything that will keep you from being bored for more than two seconds, right? Because there is no poison worse than boredom to you, am I right, Mr. Holmes? To you and to me, boredom is worse than morphine, worse than heroin, worse than any opiate you could stuff through our veins. You ask how I know deduction, know you play violin, know of Irene Adler, and this is because
“Not my fault,” he replied languidly. This time she really did throw her hands into the air before she snatched the cup from him and went to fetch him more water.
“Well, that’s not very nice, Sherlock,” she chided, already headed for the door. “Family is all we have in the end, you know.”
By the time Sherlock arrived at the lab, he was thoroughly and spectacularly bored. At least on the train ride to Dartmoor and the subsequent drive to Baskerville, he had John to entertain him and to entertain in return. Deductions of the more humorous variety were shared (and, occasionally, completely made up, not that John ever noticed) in undertones on the train and in between fits of giggles, along with discussions debating the pros and cons of different guns, imitations and memories of Henry Knight and other, more infamous clients (usually the ones so scandalous or blatantly laughable, John never put on the blog), and, when John was asleep, a renewed count of his visible gray hairs and calculations between the blonde and the gray. It was boring and mundane and ordinary, but it was a memory of his time with John that Sherlock cherished most. Only John could find a way to turn boring and mundane and ordinary into happy.
“It’s really not.” And Sherlock stopped. John was right; it really wasn’t, but everything about this man was captivating, even the most basic characteristics. Not that he could come out and say that, though.
“Oh, and a Detective Bell called while you were asleep,” she remembered, pulling out a pad of sticky notes (wedding planners are rarely without them, Sherlock had learned). “He said your partner found a man floating in the Hudson River and would like to meet you at the hospital when you can.” Sherlock grinned internally. Perhaps Joan’s running habit was useful after all - though God knew he would never tell her so.
Sherlock paced the floor of Baker Street, studiously ignoring Mrs. Hudson’s prattling on about something or other in the background and choosing instead to focus solely on the street below him. He’d not received a reply from John, so he wasn’t very optimistic about his arrival, but he could hardly work on the case without solving this little enigma first.
“Aren’t you?” Big Brolly Brother asked with a pointed glance at John’s phone, that he hadn’t even realized was still in his hand.
John was going a lot crazy. From the moment he first laid eyes on the city, he didn't know that London could chafe this much, but the desert changed him. He was utterly unapologetic about that, at least to himself, when no one else was watching. Which, to be fair, was all but the single hour a week he spent with his therapist. He'd almost forgot that he'd known people in the city once, that he'd had friends here. Or at least, acquaintances like Mike Stamford.
smelled like, felt like – not that John was nearly as creepy as he was sure that sounded. “Smile, Mr. Uptown Cheekbones.” He felt the man beside him stiffen up even as the face on the screen’s eyes flashed and mouth dropped open – at which point John snapped the button. He looked at the picture, pleased that this Sherlock looked appropriately like the strangely endearing creature he’d found, before he sent it on to him.
Anyway, comments, kudos, bookmarks, and other expressions of love are ALWAYS welcome, so don't be stingy and don't be shy.
The emotion dropped from the man’s face, replaced with the alien expression John had pictured earlier. John might have been disappointed, if it weren’t for the faint edge of panic in the corners of his eyes. “A colleague of mine insisted that I take such a picture with you, or else he wouldn’t let me in on the case of the serial suicides, despite the fact that he knows he couldn’t possibly solve the case by himself and could cost dozens of people their lives, but he’s stubborn and enjoys having a chance to irritate me for some incomprehensible yet likely inane reason.” John couldn’t stop himself from gaping, either at the rate the words poured out of the man’s mouth – when did he
Sherlock arrived at the end of his speech, and sat expectantly looking to John, who looked rather like he’d been bludgeoned with a cricket bat. Seven seconds passed (Sherlock counted) before John burst out laughing.
He spent a few minutes using the comparison to distract his increasingly fevered, sluggish mind from the morphine before he heard a distant shout. The noise died down, and then the mob dispersed. He wondered at it for a moment before realizing that the John-like woman was gone from his doorway. He had a chance to escape!
Honestly, Lestrade, he’s bisexual. The closest I can tell is that the ex is female, but I’m not definite about that
“As it should be,” John said, and before Sherlock could contest that, he added, “So why am I here? I take it’s not just to balance out the number of compliments between us.”
I know it's been a long wait, and not a lot has happened so far, but we're almost done with the awkward exposition-y bits. I'm also taking requests for misadventures for the two Sherlocks to get into while in New York. I have ideas, but filler fluffs would be very helpful. Leave suggestions in the comments as long as you don't get uber-offended if I don't get around to using your idea.
“No,” John answered, trying to hold onto his indignation and anger despite the laugh that bubbled up at the text.
“And exposed your worst secrets in the cruelest way possible,” Sherlock concluded, and she nodded, eyeing him curiously. He noticed and shrugged. “When I was younger, I believed airing and forgiving another’s grievances would inspire them to do the same with me. Unfortunately, that was usually the response I got. So I used them as a defense mechanism, to an even worse effect."
“That last one,” Sherlock said, putting the pieces together. “The woman, and the man she seduced, was it you?” he asked. “Were you the one who fell in love with her?”
“Be warned, Dr. Watson,” the man (who John, deciding he liked giving these weirdos appropriate nicknames, began mentally calling Big Brolly Brother) threatened. “I am not a man one should trifle with.”
“Cease all surveillance on Sherlock Holmes, and drop Dr. John Watson to sub-beta levels,” Mycroft ordered deftly. “However, keep him under all anti-terrorism and anti-assassination protocols until further notice. He might be a target yet.”
look at the ground as his plane took off. He’d made all of the necessary deductions on land, and the last thing he would ever do was second guess himself. He’d already made that mistake once, just before his departure to dismantle Moriarty’s web, and he’d received nothing but heartache, listening to John’s anger and grief and love. All of that love, right there for the taking, and he had been too damn scared to take it.
Even if you don't have a suggestion, comments are beloved, kudos are brilliant, and subscriptions are beyond appreciated.
“Perhaps,” he allowed, smiling slightly. “Although I shan’t take it back. I believe that after last night, the balance of compliments is skewed rather heavily towards your end.”
“That would be correct. There is a room upstairs, although I suppose I could move out of my room on this floor, should the extra stairs be of trouble.” A flash of intrigue shone in the shorter man’s eyes, and infuriating hope bubbled up in his stomach.
“If you learned anything about me last night,” she giggled, tilting her head to give him more room, “you should know that I am no lady.”
“In a rush, brother mine?” Mycroft asked innocently, and, despite himself, Sherlock bristled at the obvious implications.
“You’re not distracting me at all,” John added casually, trying not to let his surprise and, oddly enough, pleasure shine through. He takes his time putting up his phone, hoping he looks like he’s snubbing the smart arse rather than trying not to grin like an idiot over a text from a stranger.
Can we plz focus on ur poor, suffering friend languishing in the dimly lit, nearly abandoned, and broken-down Tube?
So, apparently, Sherlock gave Remus and Romulus away to a petting zoo soon after he tamed them. I forgot that before starting, so oh well. I guess I don't comply with canon as much as I thought. *shrugs*
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned. We have what you might call a difficult relationship.”
“For two years, yes, I did,” Jamie continued, beginning to type into the keyboard at her side one-handed. “I intentionally blinded myself to the country Sherlock relocated to, which meant I had no idea he was in the United States until he had already caught onto my trail, this time sober and bent with revenge, complete with a partner who seemed to only strengthen his powers of deduction. From what I hear, there’s a Watson in this universe too, only half as effective as a partner.”
“No swimmer,” Bell greeted him with a nod. “We’re not sure why, but your partner said he fell out of the sky into the river.”
“Elementary, really: I know how that particular phone’s keyboard is laid out, and not only are you not a particularly subtle typist, you are actually exceedingly slow, even by what I imagine an average person’s estimation. It was hardly difficult at all to read your texts as you sent them; the more difficult issue was deduce the texts your four other friends sent you, but with a face as expressive as yours, even that was hardly a challenge for me. The only thing that puzzles me is your own descriptions of me. Besides the nonsensicality of your ‘Mr. Uptown Cheekbones’, you both insulted and complimented me a number of times, and somehow seemed to think that I was involved in something called ‘X-Files’, which makes absolutely zero sense to me, so I assume it was a pop culture reference.”
That were, if it weren’t for the drinking, the divorce, and the distinct lack of interest in paying rent.
“Although this may prove advantageous, since I am on a quest of sorts to demolish any and all remains of my Moriarty’s empire,” he concluded. “If this other Moriarty was here, than the web has almost certainly extended over here.”
“Who knows? Maybe we’ll meet again,” John offered, already wishing for it to happen, but Sherlock simply huffed a laugh and tightened his grip.
So, this wasn't supposed to be nearly 10K. This wasn't supposed to have surprise smut, and then have next to no smut. This wasn't supposed to have surprise Mystrade, but oops. This wasn't supposed to be any of the things it now is. *shrugs*
Harry must have remembered those afternoons, since it didn't take more than a few seconds for her to relax against him.
“What does that even mean?” Sherlock called out from the bathroom. John smiled mischievously at his phone before joining Sherlock in the shower to tell him.
“Not yet,” Other Sherlock said. “You’ll only aggravate your injuries, which will only slow you down in the long run. Watson - that is, Joan - and I can get a head start on Moriarty while you heal. We’ll bring everything to you we get, or we’ll send one of our colleagues to. Once you are out of the hospital, we can continue to help you as needed until you leave to go back to your own universe.”
“I can’t have him following me out there, Mycroft, and you know he would,” he shot back. “And I can’t have him targeted for his knowledge back here in London where I cannot save him and you cannot watch without giving me away.”
Sherlock was practically vibrating out of his own skin by the time Joan returned a little under two hours later with the laptop, files, and letters. She rolled her eyes as she stood just outside the hospital room, watching him fiddle with the plastic cup a nurse had brought him. Now that she looked closer, he did resemble her Sherlock. Not so much in looks, but definitely in manner. Both strangely childlike but magnetic, enigmatic. This Sherlock was somehow less …
She started to ask about Moriarty or his life with John when her phone went off. “Excuse me, that’ll be Sherlock now. I’ll leave you to my laptop and files.” Sherlock nodded briefly before devoting his full attention to the keyboard in front of him. She smiled and walked into the hallway to answer the call.
Can you at least come down to the station and walk me through it? The case doesn’t end for all of us when you’ve figured it out – GL
“Watson estimated about twenty or thirty feet, and her estimates are usually on point,” Bell said, pulling out the statement he’d taken. “He’s broken a fair number of bones, and the docs have put him on morphine to combat the pain. Chances are that he would have drowned if Watson hadn’t dived in after him. As it is, he’s alive and in good condition.”
“Fire him,” Mycroft said tiredly. “And get someone else who doesn’t get high while tracing down a master assassin to do the job. We must find her.”
“Mmm, no,” Sherlock agreed, reaching up to nibble around her earlobe. “You are a goddess, even if you are wearing too many clothes.” He reached for her blouse to fix the problem, but she swatted his hand away lightly.
He’d completely forgotten anything weird had ever happened to him until the third pay phone rang, just as he happened to be passing it.
“Well, I’m not telling you to piss off, so let’s take this picture, send it to your colleague and my friends so they won’t be a pain for either of us, then you can tell me what else is so clearly elementary about me while we wait for this bloody thing to get us where we’re going.” He smiled his most winning smile up at him, unable to help the hint of flirtatiousness that entered his tone, unwilling to care. “My name’s John, by the way, in case you hadn’t guessed.”
It and e-mails are my primary system of communication with the outside world. Do you really believe I would not master it to the full extent of my ability?
“As you said before, our cases have run the gamut of unlikely circumstances,” Sherlock said. “This other Sherlock truly believed he was my extra-dimensional doppelganger, and he had enough of the same deductional skills and interpersonal incapabilities as me. He was an addict, and whatever he said about being ‘married to his work’ was a mere ruse, I expect distracting and protecting him from his own homosexuality.”
"And you as well, John Watson. I must admit, though, I took you for a Tyler," he said, the question in his tone obvious.
John locked his phone and put it in his pocket, surreptitiously wiping his hands on his jeans before looking up at the intimidating Mr. Uptown Cheekbones. He gaped for a second at how bloody
John, however, was a different story. John was straightforward and kind and casual with so many surprises hiding in the corners of his smiles, his jumpers, his gunshots, his swears, his bloody
Later: Rose's POV, the Doctor's POV (eventually), some more timey-wimey nonsense, and Jack Harkness giving literally everyone but the Doctor the vapors
“Do not joke, brother,” Mycroft warned. “I cannot provide any sort of assistance during your mission. If any of my men find you in areas under my control, they will shoot to kill. You are advised not to kill anyone except out of self-defense, or else my people may find reason to pursue you. I also recommend you avoid all of your previous … recreational activities. As tempting as they might be in your newfound freedom, they will be nothing if not detrimental to your cause.”
AND I know you well enough to know that you’re sulking right now, which to any random stranger, would appear as though you were plotting murder – GL
“It is to me,” she snapped back. “I’d like to know why anyone would leave their partner and friend thinking them dead in favor of a few dredged-up remains of revenge.” Once again, Other Sherlock shifted, but Sherlock ignored him.
“Well, considering the fact that I’m the one who saw you appear and fall out of the sky and jumped in after to pull you out, I’d say it concerns me,” the woman retorted. “You wouldn’t be alive today if it weren’t for me.”
One more chapter left when they finally get it together - I might push it back to an E rating then, but it will really depend on my muse. Keep tuned!
“It could have been worse,” Sherlock shrugged. “My older brother’s name is Mycroft.” John hooted with laughter before he could stop himself, but at Sherlock’s soft, almost cautious, smile in return, he decided to just keep laughing.
Sherlock saw red briefly at the insult to John, but calmed himself enough to say, “The information I’ve received tells me that Dr. Watson was instrumental to Sherlock Holmes.”
His frown deepened when the door opened with a squeak he could hear even across the busy platform, and a man stepped out. John couldn't get a good look at him through the crowd, cursing his short stature yet again, but he could tell he was a prat. He didn't know how he knew, but he definitely knew. Maybe it was his deliberate artfully coiffed curls, maybe it was the creeper coat with the red buttonhole that John couldn't tear his eyes from, maybe it was the way he seemed to bounce on his toes without actually doing so... John didn't know what it was, but he trusted his instinct.
I'm sorry about the wait, but I had trouble finding out how to end this. I don't know that I'm exactly satisfied, but eh. It's not gonna get much better just sitting in my head.
Rolling his eyes at his own sentiment, Sherlock glanced around the room. It was a standard American room for unidentified individuals - three homeless men, four women, and two children, plus two schizophrenics and one amnesiac in the past ten days - most likely in New York or Chicago, judging by the crowding of the patients. He remembered the Hudson River and hazarded New York. Three nurses had come by to check on him since he’d been settled - one wearing Claire de la Lune (one of the more pleasantly subtle kinds that also did an admirable if unintended job of hiding undesirable scents - well-liked among nurses to hide the smell of their patients and among politicians to hide their various corruptions), one with a date with his abusive girlfriend that night and a father with cancer, and one so in denial about his own homosexuality (likely because of America’s brazen and frankly idiotic streak of homophobia) that he was engaging in unfulfilling and likely unsafe sex with as many of the female nurses as possible - so he decided he had been out for approximately three to six hours. He concluded his sweep by looking over the equipment attached to him, freezing when he saw the small machine attached to his IV.
“Are you quite done?” Sherlock interrupted, exasperated. “I know all of this already. And you know how I hate repetition.”
“Track runner,” Sherlock murmured, angrily pulling at the IV attaching the morphine to his body. “There’s always something.”
Yay! New chapter! And it's early! Hooray! I will be gone at Disney World on Sunday without Internet access or the slightest desire to write or post anything anyway. So here's your chapter. Enjoy it. Savor it. You won't get any more until next week. I know it's short, but consider it a result of mounting tensions before the big event, which should be next week, if all goes well.
“Regardless. You will find the first link to Moriarty’s empire at a privately funded lab in Switzerland. You will find a car outside wishing to take a man by the name of Jeremy Patterson to the airport, where he is due to catch a commercial flight there. Files containing all pertinent information about both Jeremy Patterson and the lab you will need to invade will be located in a simple black briefcase in the back seat of the car. I will cease all surveillance and contact with you once you exit this door.”
“Sorry, mate,” he said preemptively before the man had chosen his words. “My friends dared me to take a picture of you. I can delete it if you like.” The man fidgeted for a second, obviously surprised by John’s upfront apology and unsure of what to say in response.
“And I told you that I believed you, with or without the demonstration,” she sighed, walking around him to check the puncture wound. Her voice spoke of annoyance, but her eyes were fond.
Within only a few seconds, he found both Martinssen and the woman who shot him. Martinssen was on the floor, naked, sweaty, reeking of sex, and very much dead with a bullet hole straight through the right side of his head - the same side as his dominant hand, Sherlock realized. This was to look like a suicide. The woman was equally naked but for the latex gloves she used to hold the gun. She was obviously the woman Martinssen had just concluded sex with, although she looked much less debauched than Martinssen.
Oh, God, the baby! Sherlock’s eyes watered further, and he shook his head to clear them. How he wished more than anything he could have been that baby’s godfather. He loved that baby before Mary and John even knew they were having one. Now he would never even know what they were naming her. He hoped a bit foolishly that they did, in fact, name her Sherlock (or maybe Sherley). He wished he could have met her, seen her grow up, seen who she would become.
"Oh, I love a good John. I go by that name sometimes - John Smith. But mostly people just call me the Doctor."
First of all, I don't know ages of people. Like, at all. I am guessing. I am also guessing how joining the army for the express purpose of becoming a doctor works. We haven't gotten there, but when we do, that will be all guesswork.
Joan didn’t say it, but the thought struck her like lightning. Instead, she latched onto the one bit that surprised her. “You said he had a blog?”
“I’m surprised you didn’t set my name as Mr. Uptown Cheekbones,” the man snarked quietly, and John nearly dropped his phone in his haste to whip around and face him.
Either way, his life just got a whole lot more interesting. Finally, something to put on that stupid blog that won't get Ella on a tangent about his anger issues. Although John figured he'd leave out the bits that made him sound like a lunatic. Crazy or not, things just got interesting.
John deposited Sherlock on the bed (not as gently as he wanted to, since he wasn’t twenty anymore, but if Sherlock’s gasp was anything to judge by, he didn’t seem to mind) and stood. “I think we could do with less clothes,” he commented, reaching for the buttons of his shirt.
John resisted to urge to take her hand at the thought that they might never truly succeed. But he didn't manage to fight off the need to look at her again out of the corner of his eye. She was pressed as close to his side as she could without touching him, trembling, and John knew the cold couldn't account for the full force of it. She'd always been on the shorter side, they both did, but John didn't think he could remember her ever looking smaller. He could feel his mind fighting to process the entirety of the past week, but he kept a tight leash on it.
“Not with as much intent as you,” Sherlock said after half a second’s thought. “If others picked up my methods on the job, that would be one thing, but I can hardly imagine how any of the police I worked with could have learned enough without my notice. Why do you ask?”
“Would you like more water?” Joan asked, deciding to announce her presence. “I brought my laptop and a few papers you might enjoy.” Sherlock didn’t move, speak, or make any indication of having heard her, choosing to stare off into space and twirl the cup absently instead. “Sherlock? Can you hear me? Sherlock!”
At Sherlock’s affronted look, John tried speaking over his laughter. “No, no, no. I’m not laughing at you. It’s just –” A fresh bout of laughter shook him, and despite the insult rolling in his stomach, he felt his cheek twitch slightly. The man’s laughter was contagious. Once he calmed down again, he continued, smiling widely, “I have never in my life heard anyone say so many things so quickly.”
“An enemy?” John asked, wondering if he ought to just punch Big Brolly Brother in the face and risk running for it. He’d just about maxed out his capacity for handling odd that day.
“Undoubtedly. He upset you,” he added, and she rotated her shoulders, as if trying to knock the irritation off her.
“You know as well as I that it is in everyone’s best interests to disassemble Moriarty’s empire as quickly as possible,” he replied smoothly.
“John.” He blinked a few times before making sense of the mass of questions and observations pouring through his skull. “You didn’t walk, did you?”
"Yes, Mum," Rose answered obediently, but John saw the glint in her eye and smiled at her. He turned to Harry, who seemed frozen and distant, and he laid a hand on her shoulder. She seemed to come to herself, and turned to face Rose.
“So you’re saying that not only did he not punch you in the face when you deduced him, but he asked for more?” he giggled into his coffee as Sherlock hovered over the farcically dressed, adulterous media worker who couldn’t have
The old phrase echoed back through the recesses of Sherlock’s Mind Palace, and he shuddered even as he smiled dryly. Well, at least he knows how John felt now. What he wouldn’t give to live through this little operation-slash-exile. What he wouldn’t give to live to see another case, another mysteriously appearing cuppa in the morning, another deerstalker. What he wouldn’t give to be Sherlock Holmes, the hero, the consulting detective, the Boffin, again.
Anyway, next chapter's going to be a little early, since I won't have an Internet connection a week from today. Expect it Thursday, if not late on Wednesday. After that, I'll be going back to my regular schedule.
What he found there was quite the mob. Six different nurses were crying, screaming, or hurling abuse and profanities through a door at the end of the hall, and Joan stood in front of it, arms blocking the entrance, back stiff with anger and annoyance. When she caught sight of him, she sent him a slightly panicked look, and he smiled and pulled out his whistle. A few loud, prolonged shrieks of the whistle later, all of the nurses were holding their ears and staring at him with complete hatred.
“See you there,” she agreed and hung up. She poked her head back into the hospital room, where Sherlock was typing rapidly at her keyboard. “I see you got past my computer password,” she commented.
John tried to put Sherlock out of his mind. No, really. Honestly. Sure, maybe he didn’t quite get around to deleting his number or his picture from his phone, but he was a busy guy. He had tons of stuff on his phone he didn’t need any more. And maybe he picked up his first newspaper in longer than he cared to admit to read about those serial suicides he’d mentioned, but it’s natural to want to know more about what’s causing so much death in his own city. It wasn’t like he was scouring the article for Sherlock’s name or anything weird like that. And fine, so maybe he wondered throughout the next day about how much more Sherlock really saw, but when coming across such a singular individual, it’s no wonder that he stuck just that little bit in his head. He truly was fantastic, after all.
(And if he waited until he was back home before he allowed to open his contact info for him and replace “Bloke” to “Sherlock” – knowing full well he would never delete the profile – well, what he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.)
“Consulting detective,” the man said stoutly, and Sherlock wasn’t sure whether he was more surprised by the British accent or the words he spoke. “Sherlock Holmes, to be precise. I would greatly appreciate it if you would stop harassing my partner Miss Watson. We are only trying to help.”
Besides, this man clearly surrounds himself with imbeciles. They want him to photograph me for whatever reason, and he seems to believe that such an act would get him killed.
“Yeah, you want one?” John cheered mentally when the fat bastard’s smug, superior smile soured, setting his face in the blandest expression he could manage.
“Not particularly Swiss,” she countered with a sunny smile. “Yet you do have an impeccable accent. Were I anyone but me, you would have gotten away with that accent. Yet again I ask: Who are you?”
“Yet we know very little about the man himself, which I felt was intentional.” Sherlock sat back in the seat, fingers drumming as he thought. “Ask him about his Watson and Moriarty. Try to figure out why John believes him dead.”
“Piss off.” They both laughed at that, but John felt a wave of sympathy for this incredible man. His brain obviously worked a mile a minute without any extra energy left over for a filter, but John honestly couldn’t say he minded. He lived with his drunk father for the first couple decades of his life, his drunk sister for the last couple years since he’s come back from Afghanistan, not to mention the brutally honest years of uni and the even harsher years in the Army in between the two. He’s used to being around people who don’t particularly care about sparing his feelings, and at least this man isn’t slurring as he speaks.
If you enjoyed this chapter or this fic so far, kudos and bookmarks are loved and cherished in my heart, and if you wanna ask me a question, make a suggestion, or a (CONSTRUCTIVE) critique, I hoard comments like Smaug hoards gold.
“I thought homosexual marriages were legal over there?” Joan stepped ahead of Sherlock to hail a cab so he didn’t have a chance to use his whistle. “Why would he need to protect himself from his own sexuality?”
And if Sherlock paused at the end of his deduction, as if waiting for the echo of a compliment once given, Lestrade said nothing.
this bloke was – he positively towered over John – and he silently fumed, knowing that the man would still be too tall, even if he stood. In the second before the man came to a halt in front of him, John reminded himself sternly not to flirt or stare overmuch. Even if this flawless statue of a man was used to as much ogling as John suspected, he doubted it would be appreciated in this context.
“No,” Sherlock said slowly. “Although before I explain why I did invite you here, I must warn you ahead of time that I am not, nor have I ever been, a ‘people person’. I mean no offense nor harm to you, and I ask you to allow me to explain myself fully instead of jump to conclusions prematurely.”
Can’t work without your statement, can’t get your statement without making sure you don’t murder Accurate Titles Bloke – GL
“I’m frankly surprised you remember that,” Sherlock murmured, typing one last “fuck off” for good measure before returning his full attention to the man sitting in front of him.
“Yes, I did, half an hour ago,” Sherlock replied, and Joan nearly threw her hands in the air and gave up on the whole affair. Instead, she took a calming breath, placed the supplies on the side table carefully, and glared at the choleric man.
“Sherlock.” The consulting detective focused back on Mycroft, eyes narrowing. Another memory had risen without his permission and taken over again. He needed to regain control of his own mind. When would he stop feeling guilty about his fall? He had saved John, not broken him. Yes, he did cause him undeniable grief and sorrow - he heard how his doctor talked at his grave, and it didn’t take a consulting detective to see the pain in his partner’s face and hear the anguish in his voice - but it was to save his life. He would come back eventually and fix John, just like he had fixed him before. If he could get his head together and
Sherlock pushed Redbeard harder than ever before, once again marveling at the stamina of the horse. He could see the outline of the palace he had come to call home, standing black against the night sky.
“No! No, it’s fine. That was cool. No one ever guesses that I was really in the army. They just assume the scar is fake.”
"John! Stop!" Sherlock laughed as he tried to escape, but his limbs were still too weak from his recent orgasm to do much good.
"I love you." John whispered, shifting so he was facing the other boy as best he could. Concern flashed across Sherlock's face as he watched John, and he started anxiously chewing on his bottom lip. John felt a flare of guilt and reached over, using his thumb to gently coax Sherlock's lip from between his teeth. "Hey, what's wrong Love?"
“Sherlock!” The young man rolled his eyes, squaring his shoulders and clutching his book tighter to his chest. He felt a hand on his elbow and was roughly spun to face the man he was trying so desperately to ignore. Moriarty stood before him, a predatory grin on his face. He scanned Sherlock’s face hungrily, leaving him feeling exposed and irritable.
Moriarty stood in the doorway, an evil smirk on his face. Moran stood behind him, arms crossed and a nasty scowl on his face.
Sherlock moved his hands up to cup John's jaw and kissed him, firmly enough to pull a shocked sound from the shorter boy. They stumbled back against the wall where Sherlock pinned his boyfriend, taking the upper hand for the first time, and deepened the kiss.
“Moriarty. He shot Sherlock.” John raced up the stairs, going as quickly as he could without dropping the young man. “Hang on Sherlock.”
"He was wrong Sherlock. I don't know what he did to you, but I do know this; Victor McFuckerton is an absolute moron for hurting someone like you." Sherlock couldn't fight the laugh that bubbled out of his chest. "There we go. Much better, eh?" Sherlock nodded, wiping his eyes and returning the grip John still had on his hand timidly. "So, what do you say? My place, Saturday, seven o'clock?"
"You're using eighty pound lube and fifty pound condoms to fuck me." John pushed Sherlock off him, flipping them over so he was straddling the detective's hips. "You, My Dear, are the definition of posh." He took the condom from Sherlock's hand, ripping it open and shuffling farther down the detective's legs.
“Please? I can’t sleep without you.” John’s eyes were wide and glassy, and Sherlock felt his resolve crumble. He nodded, feeling his heart go weightless at the happy grin John shot him. “Kiss first.” John demanded, and Sherlock obeyed, unable to stop his own grin at the pleased sound John made when their lips met.
"I said; I can't blame her." Sherlock snapped, the frustration on his face nearly fading to mortification as John blushed. "I-I mean- I didn't- I-I- shit." John smirked, the fondness returning to his chest as the other boy blushed deeply. "I-I should go, my apologies Mr. Watson." John gripped Sherlock's elbow as the boy tried to hurry past.
"Hmm? What's wrong Gorgeous? Not having fun?" Sherlock blushed and let himself be spun around in John's arms, avoiding his boyfriend's gaze. "Hey, talk to me Sherlock, what's wrong?"
"Are you asking?" Sherlock nodded, his eyes wide as he looked at John. He looked so young, like a little boy asking his granny for sweets. John pushed himself to his feet, reaching for Sherlock. "Come on then Tiny Dancer, I'll drive you home." Sherlock smiled shyly and let John help him to his feet.
