“You don’t think I’m just going to milk you for a few bob and let you go on your way, do you?” Sebastian almost laughed at the idea. “No, I’m planning on using you. Every last bit of you. If you agree, I’ll even wipe your police record for you. I already stopped their property search so they wouldn’t find your gun. My little treat. What do you say, hm? A favour for a favour.”
Fawnlock ignored the question and instead leapt into the kitchen himself to scavenge his own delicious vegetarian option. John followed with a quiet chuckle and reheated himself some leftovers. The crunches from Fawnlock’s raw cabbage and potatoes meal drifted through from the living room. TV must have gone off again. Damn thing.
John blushed deeply and rolled onto his back with a long-suffering greeting. Sherlock’s eyes lingered on his face before he too rolled over and sat up.
When he moved into his living room to start tidying there, he spotted his cane. It was still propped by the door where he’d left it going to help the… Thing. A slow smile spread across his face and he stood up from his kneeling position. A few cautious lunges later he did a quiet chuckle to himself.
John was glad to have the opportunity to close his eyes and fall asleep, even if he did have to have the oxygen mask digging into his face again. It felt like it had been years since he’d last been asleep – and, this time, as if things couldn’t get any better, he had Sherlock snuggled up against him as his own personal heater.
She’d ended up standing outside a private room with a blue plate reading “127” screwed to the door. Behind it was an elderly couple – who, quite frankly, didn’t look like either of them were ill enough to be there. As if turning up at her own house to find it swarming with police officers wasn’t confusing enough, now she had useless secretaries to deal with. Fan-fucking-tastic.
“Slowcoach,” John teased, that grin splitting his face again as soon as they parted.
But breakfast came first. Sherlock had a pastry, because he hadn’t slept in two days and he needed something to keep him going, and John had been given some plain toast and a glass of water to get him going. Then, both of them dying from boredom already, there was a knock on the door and two policemen let themselves in.
No such luck.
Of course, it was also the explanation that told John he’d just been kidnapped by a madman with a gun, which was both extremely dangerous and bad news for any escape plans he might have had.
The paramedic put a pulse oximeter on John’s index finger and then sat down. John closed his eyes with a sigh as the doors slammed.
that way!”
the wrong thing to say, he decided, but John was still going, and he couldn’t think of a single thing to say to make it better.
The three of them were hammered and he soon realised he didn’t have to walk half as inconspicuously as he’d been trying to. John looked genuinely terrified when Sherlock peered over the smallest one’s shoulder, inches away and yet unnoticed; all of their attention was on their little geeky victim. Sherlock thought briefly that he regretted not having glasses on him. John looked quite cute.
John blinked.
John sighed. "Rugby."
John carefully set his bags to the side of the door. He couldn’t stop grinning, and was certain he looked quite the twat by the time he finally got the door unlocked. He pushed it open and left it ajar while he put his keys away. With one finger, he prodded the door open and took a few steps into the living room. The visitor still seemed to be busy with the rest of the house, because his living room was exactly the same as it had been when he left that morning.
“No,” John said firmly, holding the hand tighter.
“Wait,” John said, shaking his head. “Just wait a second. You edited my face onto a CCTV still and got me arrested just so I could come and have a little
“Piss off,” John muttered sourly. Sebastian chuckled. Then he crouched down so he was below John; trying to pose as little threat as possible, he supposed, though he wasn’t sure why.
Sherlock had forgotten. He nodded, sending John a reassuring smile. In all honesty, he completely agreed, but for different reasons: he wanted John to himself for a while. He wanted to make him feel good. When he didn’t take his menu from where it was standing on the table, Sherlock closed his own and put it down.
In the meantime, he fixed himself some dinner and wasted some time watching it sleep. He couldn’t resist inspecting its teeth, which were the same as his. He had a look in his eyes, too, but they seemed fine. John gave in and went to bed, leaving a glass of water on the table by the sofa and leaving the door open a crack so it could leave if it figured out how.
He left Just before sunrise, when John had been asleep for an hour. He’d have woken him and checked on him, but he’d seemed completely sane again before he’d gone to sleep, so he assumed he was alright. He left him a note apologising for not managing to move him into his bed, left it in his trouser pocket so his father wouldn’t find it, and then carefully let himself out of the front door.
Harry looked at Sherlock, who stared back at her with a blank face. Her temper already flaring, she huffed as she scooped the tubs back into the plastic bag and left to find a bin – or, rather, to leave the boys to talk.
John smiled wearily. “Go on, then. What’d I say?”
He watched as Sherlock lifted his hand to his mouth and kissed his knuckles. “You’re my best friend, too. I want you around for as long as you want to be around.”
John was hardly paying attention. He was still staring at the inside of the building. It really was a fully-functioning bowling alley, only nobody was behind the counter. Lights were on and flashing and all of the lanes were lit up, each with bowling balls of all colours laid out neatly in front of the benches. All that was missing was the people. Well, and the music, but John didn’t exactly
“Well, it’s not. Go out with me.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He wiped his eyes on his shoulder. “I should imagine it does. Stay calm.”
That time, even he could hear that it didn’t quite make sense. He thought for another second, and then tried again. “When you told her you were a… my boy. How did you… so quickly? Your head goes so fast. I wish mine goes that fast.”
“Bloody hell,” John groaned, smacking Sherlock’s hand away from his arm and crossing them instead. Again, he ignored Harry. “Forget the ribs and the head. Having you two in the same room is going to be the thing that kills me.”
Not just of the constant deafening silence (weren’t forests supposed to be full of life?) or the dreary weather (whatever happened to the summers he’d been promised?) or the general lack of presence all around him (“vibrant green vitality of the forest” his arse), but of everything.
That was how John, at half past eleven on a Sunday night, found himself holding hands with Sherlock Holmes in the back of a cab – for the second time in one evening. His appetite for food had slowly died down the more time they’d spent at the restaurant, but his appetite for a kiss went unfulfilled. By the time he paid for the cab, seeing as Sherlock had paid for the rest, he was starving. The air was thick and heavy with the unresolved tension between them. Their hands were clasped together but neither could look at the other, so determined to keep their growing attraction quiet.
“Would you have wanted to wait?”
“I understand that you don’t…” Sherlock hesitated. “That you aren’t…” He sighed and took John’s hands, taking comfort in how warmly and firmly they held his in return. “I know you’re not really the sort of person to… to
(See the end of the chapter for
John was in shock. He didn’t understand. He’d never even
“Don’t,” he said softly with an encouraging smile. “I like them.”
"Fell down the stairs, didn't I?" John said matter-of-factly.
John was bored.
John winced. “Harry’s gone,” he said, “in case you’re wondering. They didn’t find her at the house that night, apparently, and she hasn’t been in touch. You heard from her?”
“Can you see him breathing at all?”
John spent the next few hours wallowing in self-pity before he heard the door clunk open again. He had to admit it wasn’t the most productive use of his time, but it wasn’t like he had other pressing matters he could attend to. He forced his eyes open, trying to keep his thoughts more hopeful; masochism didn’t get anybody anywhere. There had to be something he could do. When he sat up and looked around there were two officers looking decidedly indifferent coming to open his cell. Strangers, yet again. How many people worked here, anyway?
“He’ll be okay,” he said confidently, burying his nose in Sherlock’s knotted curls. “He’s strong.”
After a few handfuls of soiled wood that disintegrated under his fingers, he finally resorted to pushing it from the thickest part at the end closest to the tree. A heave or two later, the animal was free, but still didn’t move; not that John had expected it to. He swiped the back of his hand over his forehead and then crouched down to appraise it, shining the torch over its body. It didn’t have markings or colours he’d seen on any animal before but he most definitely wasn’t an expert. It was pale, a very pale tawny colour, from what he could see through the mud and grime, the fur going dark over what John assumed was a head and shoulders.
“Alright. Can you describe the scene to me?”
John had his hands clasped in front of him and his head dropped, but it was the gentle nudge he did against his own shoulder that brought his attention. Had John just scratched his cheek with that rub, or had he wiped his eyes? Sherlock’s eyes widened, but before he could panic he cocked his head forwards and listened, watched the gentle hitches of breath in his back and shoulders. Yes. He was crying.
They were on their own again. John was feeling entirely helpless. Sherlock got up onto the bed next to him and they settled in for a nap, John’s small, broken frame wrapped protectively in his own.
“You haven’t been to one of these in a while,” Sherlock observed with a sidelong glance at John.
They were close, so close. John remembered every instance in the last few days where Sherlock had held his hand, kissed his head, or stroked his hair. He had to return the favour, clearly. With a watery smile and a swift movement of his hand from a chin to a chest, he turned his head and kissed Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock, where he lay, felt warmth bloom right from the middle of his chest and flush outwards. He fought to avoid squirming on the spot.
“Stay,” John barked quickly, grabbing at his sleeves. “I can’t think without you.”
Fawnlock, who was using the shallow bed of the river as a reflection so he could draw green vines over his face with the water-softened paint mixture and the exceptionally thin brush he’d created. John watched from a few paces back as he painted a vine with a few leaves around the dark patch of his left eye and then moved on to paint himself a sort of necklace of vines that went over his collarbone and ‘hung’ just below the dip at the base of his neck.
“Yup,” John replied with a smile. He looked up and accepted it, opening to the starters. “You want a starter?”
“Jesus, would you calm down? Your back’s getting sweaty,” Sebastian muttered, pulling his hand off as they stepped through to the reception. “It’s over there.”
“I don’t think so.” Sherlock rubbed his forehead. “But I’ll be here the whole time. It’s going to be okay. It won’t hurt a bit.”
“Dunno. I don’t really go to Starbucks very often.” John frowned and looked up at him. “What would you recommend?”
“Come John, Lestrade has a new case for us. The game is on!” The curly haired man cried in excitement, and John watched from his reclined position on the bed as Sherlock scampered around the room like a puppy, throwing on his clothes rapidly until he was completely dressed, only missing his Belstaff.
They were home.
“In fact, later on, I just might,” he whispered into Sherlock ear, biting gently on the lobe. Sherlock felt John’s smug smile of satisfaction when the detective shivered at his threat.
- asked kindly.
He had planned to lose his virginity by going out to a random bar in London, finding the least annoying man present, and committing to a brief anonymous sexual encounter. But the longer he contemplated the act, the more anxious he felt, feeling nervousness clawing up his throat and clenching down against his windpipe in a vice grip.
John swallowed, “you’re beautiful,” he whispered lowly, and a tremor ran through Sherlock’s flushed body at John’s praise.
Without a pause, John latched his freezing lips around the rim of Sherlock’s entrance, and began to push the ice cube uncaringly into Sherlock’s sensitive passageway, the flushed walls opening unwillingly against the melting ice cube.
Sherlock got up and gracefully draped himself across John's muscular thighs, purposefully rubbing his cock against John's trousers to smear pre-com on them, earning himself a sharp smack. Sherlock gasped in pleasure and pain, his cock throbbing and his arse aching for John's fingers, tongue, cock and any combination of the three.
Sherlock stared at the door for a moment longer replying: “Fine, enter.”
Never again.
“Hello Michael,” John said, sitting down in the chair opposite him and watching as the young man looked up with a small smile, some of the tenseness easing from his shoulders.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed in pleasure as John’s cock was fully taken into his body, the feeling of John’s massive member within him causing him to bite his lip to keep from screaming out, and perhaps alarming Mrs. Hudson.
Despite the amount of times he and John had made love, and even engaged in bondage play, he had never felt so exposed.
A few drops escaped out of the side of his pink lip, however, and he continued to stroke John through his orgasm, John’s released dripping lightly from his mouth.
Warnings: blow job, figging, spanking, rimming, and military kink, not necessarily in that order.
“Shut it, Sherlock” Lestrade commanded, hopping in past the open doorway with his candles flickering in the morning light. Sherlock turned to grin at him, and wasted no time questioning Lestrade about the history of the war paintings in the South Wing.
While they had played with bondage before, Sherlock felt that this time would somehow be different. More, perhaps, than ever before.
“I love you, John,” Sherlock murmured, letting his lips linger tantalizingly over John’s for a moment before descending, brushing their lips together once, twice, before leaning in a capturing his mouth in a deeper kiss still, his head foggy from the deep rest and quiet bedchambers surrounding the two men in complete privacy and bliss.
“Sherlock, where are you going at this time of night?” Mrs. Hudson called from behind him, and Sherlock turned to look at the flower-covered teapot. Mrs. Hudson would know the answers Sherlock sought. Going straight to the beast may incite his well-known temper, and Sherlock was not keen to destroy the tentative bond they had begun to form.
“Tomorrow night Siger, if your son is not back, you’re going to the loony bin, and there is nothing that you or your clever Mycroft can do about it. The whole town heard your proclamation about the so called ‘beast’ in the woods, and you know they will support whatever I say,” Moriarty threatened with a cackle of glee.
“Sherlock, calm down would you. I want to talk-“ John holds up a hand against the detective’s huff- “we have things we need to say to one another, I think, and it is far past time we should be saying them.” John rambled, clearing his throat and looking up at Sherlock, who was watching him with a cloaked expression and guarded eyes.
John thrust the vibrator in fully and left in there for a moment, grabbing his phone to take a picture of the detective, the black vibrator between his cheeks, his legs splayed wide and open for John to see, his back intricately laced in the corset while his curly head was barely held up to read from the book grasped in both hands.
to stay another instant in the same room, the same flat, as John.
But beyond their similar states of isolation, Sherlock did not know why he was so interested in the beast; there was a mystery involving the creature that Sherlock was itching to solve.
First Poem: “We Two Boys Together Clinging” by Walt Whitman, thought to have been written about him and the much younger Oscar Wilde, who were rumored to have had an affair in the early 20th century.
,” Sherlock groaned, opening his legs wider in the bath and allowing John entrance. Once John had swiped around teasingly, just barely nudging at Sherlock prostate, he quickly yanked the washcloth out of Sherlock’s sensitive pink hole. The subsequent gasp from Sherlock sounding absolutely lovely to John’s ears.
Sherlock tried to hide his face, but John laughed and grasped Sherlock’s chin, forcing him to look up at John with his glistening eyes and red cheeks on display, his embarrassment warring with contentment.
And besides, Sherlock would most likely have to get married to that man who threatened his father if he could not think of another solution, but John wouldn’t discount Sherlock’s cleverness.
Screaming shrilly, Moran dropped the talking candelabra with a clang and tried to put out the fire on his arm, hitting it wildly and trying to rip off his jacket, his arm beginning to blister and burn from the sensation.
“You’re without a doubt the oddest girl I’ve ever known, your highness. Try to keep the body parts, animal and otherwise, out of your bedroom and in your lab where they belong,” Molly tsked disapprovingly, turning around the leave without another word about it.
In the same instant, red petal blossoms began to sprout from the top of the stem, stretching up slowly as Sherlock gasped, almost dropping the rose but clutching it tightly at the last minute. The entire rose bud began to glow, exactly like the enchanted rose, a promise of future blossom.
him- in such a way was unacceptable. Unthinkable.
He quickly disrobed until he was standing practically naked in the dressing room with only his underwear on. Refusing to look in the mirror, Sherlock slipped the garment over his head and felt it fall around him, fitting perfectly.
Sherlock flinched slightly, and John softened slightly, walking closer to Sherlock until they stood a mere arms length apart, “you could make a real impact on your kingdom outside of marriage your highness, and yet you hide and push away anyone who would come to care for you.”
“And in regards to me being a woman, well,” John smiled, “I’m sure you know something about the difficulty of succeeding in a man’s world. That said, I can and will protect you above my own life if it comes to it, your highness. I am more than up to the task.” With this, John knelt down on one knee and placed her fist over her heart to pledge fealty to Sherlock.
you’re perfect love. Whatever you’ve planned, I am sure it is wonderful. Come out here to me,” John coaxed, and watched with complete amazement as Sherlock tiptoed out nervously, his face flaming. But he wasn’t naked, no.
“You look-“
They kissed gently for a few more moment’s, Sherlock hesitantly began nipping at John’s thin upper lip as if practicing, and John smiled into the kiss at the sweet, untrained action, affection absolutely bursting in his chest for Sherlock.
As John basked in the afterglow, but it was over all too soon when he heard the muffled sigh coming from Sherlock. John glanced over and saw Sherlock, eyes still closed and his breathing still deep, but he was rocking gently, thrusting his hips against the pillow he held.
“What did you expect?” Sherlock fired back, her expression growing cold, “did you expect me to refuse? I don’t have the freedom to choose. You must know that. Heard the rumors about me. 'The princess who is never seen,'” She mimicked coldly.
Now was the moment. Sherlock strode to the door and opened it before she could change her mind, entering into her bedroom and trying not to shake too noticeably.
Sherlock was gazing at John with teasing eyes, a faux-innocent façade, “yes John? See something you like?”
Sherlock nodded and straddled John’s lap tentatively, resting his bum on John’s pressed together knees and leaning forward to gently brush his lips against John’s.
With that, Mycroft took off towards the ambassador for Nerum, an Eastern Kingdom, while Sherlock glared at his back. James coughed lightly to gain her attention.
Sherlock thought as he thrust open the door, entering the enchanted castle for the second time.
It had been two weeks since the talk Sherlock and John shared on the couch in the newly rebuilt 221B and everything was finally back to their brand of “normal.”
“Your submission is a gift, Sherlock, do not doubt it,” John instructed, continuing to pet Sherlock’s curls, “you, a man who kneels to no one, kneels for me.”
"I've got to go, Mrs. Hudson. That was work," John said apologetically, and Mrs. Hudson nodded with an understanding smile.
Which she desperately did not want to be.
And now, now he was becoming aroused by
“Now then,” Siger said, lighting his old pipe and taking a long inhale of the tobacco, “you’ve told me the beast let you go, but I wish to know why.”
he? The man in the dream?
impressive.
“Begin now, Sherlock,” John commanded in his Captain Watson voice, and Sherlock shuddered deeply, hastening to obey as he opened the aged book, turning swiftly to the first page as he felt John settling between his parted legs and gently tugging down his lacy panties. Sherlock bit his lip in anticipation, unable to see anything but the words on the page, and he began to read aloud:
John reluctantly pulled away, and rolled off the bed to go to the loo. Meanwhile, Sherlock grabbed his phone and checked his messages, groaning when he saw his brother’s name light up.
, but only if that is what you desire, hmm,” John hummed, his attention rapt on Sherlock’s rosy cheeks, an unfamiliar shyness emanating from Sherlock’s face as he nibbled at his pink lips, his eyes still wet with tear tracks drying on his lovely face.
Truthfully, John was surprised and delighted that Sherlock had managed to avoid coming for such a long period of time. His endurance was growing steadily as they continued to explore their sex life. John smiled as he slide into the cab first, watching Sherlock bite his plump lower lip to hold in a whimper of arousal as he sat on the plug, pushing it further into his already invaded body.
“You know nothing” Sherlock intoned, looking down at herself and gesturing wildly, “I will not simply let down my dead parents if I do not marry. I am preventing our people from accessing aid that can help us win this war. You fought in the army and played your part, now it is my turn. I must play a beautiful little fool.”
“What in the world was that about?” Mrs. Hudson wondered allowed, still watching the door with confusion written in the lines of her face.
“I am going to do all that,” John promised lowly, nipping his ear, “because you will
Sherlock waited until the last flames had receded into the tree line before pulling out the small knife he had stolen, thankful that it did not fall during the scuffle, and began to pick the lock on the cage with precision, his fingers trembling slightly with adrenaline and fear.
Mycroft opened his mouth with a well-formulated reply, but his father’s voice interrupted him, “he was taken by a beast!”
“I will teach you what happens to those who would trespass or STEAL FROM ME!” The creature shouted with a thundering roar, and Siger tried to loosen his cloak to stop choking, but the creature snatched him up by the throat in the next instant, his huge paws encircling his neck, and then everything was black.
She would sing at parties, and dance with eligible bachelors, and mind her manners at the table. The only rumor John had ever heard was that the princess was not allowed to leave the castle, especially during the time of unrest with the Valwald. No commoner had ever seen her face, or if they had, they had been silenced about it. No one even knew what she looked like.
Warning: some sexually explicit content. Comments about what you'd like to see for Sherlock and John's first time is helpful! Cheers! MC
John walked as calmly as she could from the princess’ bath, internally panicking the entire time as she practically ran through the lavish suite to get back to her post.
It was the sweetest kind of torture, Sherlock couldn’t twist away as John continued to gently peck and kiss her way down and back up her vaginal lips, John holding her down with sure, strong hands and Sherlock crying out; making the kinds of noises she was horribly embarrassed to be making but unable to stop to outpouring.
Reaching over, fumbling slightly, Sherlock grasped the lube and drizzled it onto his dexterous fingers, taking a deep breath before reaching down to rub over his quivering opening, the muscle clenching with anticipation and trepidation. Sherlock had never penetrated himself before, never having felt the need to achieve orgasm, but now, now Sherlock felt a deep ache inside of him, and he slowly, slowly, pushed his index finger in, his mouth in an ‘O’ of surprise at the automatic feeling of fullness that quenched his need for something inside of him.
Finally, when the many strewn books were collected and deposited safely on a table, Sherlock turned to him wearing a brilliant smile, wider than the beast had ever seen in his presence.
John began to push Sherlock back onto the couch, but yanked himself away in a moment of clarity.
They spun around the ballroom, the two men appearing to the entire world as the royalty they were, the sun shining down on them and the magical rose sparkling in the corner of the room, a brilliant display of their fortitude and love for one another, their smiles lighting up the once enchanted castle until it seemed to glow in an ethereal manner.
Had it truly been only hours before? It seemed as if the world had changed since John went to find Sherlock, seeing the detective pouring his hurt heart out, aching sobs and cries that will haunt John’s dreams from the deep pain they had expressed.
Sherlock watched Moran’s pleased, twisted face, and realized his brother was not simply lost. No, Moriarty’s gang of thief’s and criminals took his brother, perhaps as an extra incentive to walk down the aisle.
of your laxness,” he drolled lazily, sipping his scotch with a waggle of his eyebrows. Mycroft shuttered at Moriarty’s crude intentions towards his little brother but said nothing, waiting for a real answer.
John smiled at the sight, reaching up to push the sweat-soaked curls away from Sherlock’s forehead.
“Why would I have to lay down for you to take my temperature? Don’t you just put the instrument in my ear?” Sherlock puzzled, his forehead creasing and his nose scrunching up in bewilderment.
“J-John I’m
John hummed behind her in agreement, but she did not expand. Walking around the room herself, John was startled by the opulence paired with… oddities.
The panties-
Sherlock did everything he could think of, standing vigil at his mother’s bedside, going out late at night to find natural remedies, reading about antidotes and cures, but it was all for naught.
Sherlock only smiled, turning his head to hide his face beneath John’s smooth chin, and whispered against his neck, “it’s our song. Beauty and the beast.”
Cheers,
“It is a mess, isn’t it?” Moran declared, picking up a candelabra on the way and lighting it’s candles with his torch.
Sherlock stripped off the garment with little fanfare, exposing himself to the chill of the room and John’s hungry gaze as he quickly covered his engorging arousal, sitting back on the bed quickly in order to cover himself, his flush spreading down his chest and ending just above his peaking nipples. John wanted to pinch them red, until Sherlock was gasping and aching for John to lean down and…
Being endlessly curious, Sherlock spent many hours pouring over texts and absorbing as much information as he could, living up to his label of genius. As soon as he was old enough, he began to play the violin, the instrument acting as a soothing remedy for the scorn he faced at school and social events, and allowing him to express himself through music, the crescendos and swirling notes tying together to form a story, and he was happy.
He dipped his fingers inside, just a bit, since he was without lube, and Sherlock thrust once more and came with a cry, coating John’s pant leg with his release.
“You went on a date,” Sherlock noted absently, almost to himself, “there is a tea stain on your shirt cuff, and your pants are wrinkled with specific creases indicating you sat in a new chair, uncomfortable, so you went to a coffee shop. Probably the new one that just opened around the block from your surgery; so it was someone who works with you,” Sherlock fired off at a rapid pace, and despite his correct deductions, his tone grew more and more confused, his eyebrows drawing in together, and John had a sudden urge to press against the crinkle there to ease Sherlock’s tense expression.
John didn't know what to make of the young man, he was beautiful, that was certain. John had never been attracted to the same form as himself, but Sherlock was ethereal with his tall body, lean but muscled frame that was evident even under layers, and his virescent eyes that shown with his intellect. His face was picturesque and seemed to be carved from marble, and John had never hated how beastly he was until Sherlock's face was twisted in horror, looking at his revolting face.
“How are you feeling?” John asked as they walked side by side to her chambers.
“Solve me a crime, Sherlock Holmes,” John whispered after a final peck, patting Sherlock’s arse firmly once more and smirking at his moan, the slight movement having pushed the plug against his sensitive prostate.
A murder that had desperation in his eyes, someone who may still be armed, John thought wildly.
"I adore you," John whispered to his husband, leaning down to give Sherlock a quick kiss.
John coughed in mortification while Sherlock and Lestrade laughed, Mrs. Hudson only clucking in response. It wasn’t John’s fault that Sherlock was so erotic without even trying, his evocative eating that night had caused John’s erection to grow beneath the table, and his arousal level grew as he imagined their bodies rocking against one another….
Romance, he was being romanced.
Sherlock gasped in surprise when he realized he wasn’t the only one of them who was able to remain hard after a powerful orgasm. God John, he was going to wreck the young detective.
A scarlet blush ran down Sherlock’s rapidly rising and falling chest in remembrance, but he bit his lip to refuse himself use of the naughty word in the harsh light of day.
The chair wasn't the focus of Sherlock’s incredulous gaze, however, oh no, the chair was simple and plain.
The young Prince trained and went to war,
Sherlock woke up the next day with a strong arm wrapped around his chest, pushing him into John's sleep-addled body.
“It’s over Mrs. Hudson, the curse is almost complete, and he is gone,” John replied, his voice hollow, and Mrs. Hudson sighed, turning away to come up with a her own plan.
Cheers,
Sherlock looked blankly at John for a moment before realizing, “you mean, the cabbie case? That was a year ago today?” Sherlock looked surprised, as if he couldn’t believe John had remembered and he had forgotten. John giggled at Sherlock’s expression, feeling oddly calm in the wake of his pending confession.
Are you okay? Please tell me you aren’t hurt,” he exclaimed, and John smiled at Sherlock to reassure the young man that yes, he would be alright now.
The Prince was adventurous, risky, and battle-obsessed.
“Siger, my good chap, have we come to an agreement then? Sherlock’s hand for your freedom?”
“Beautiful boys get to come,” John commanded, pressing fully down against Sherlock’s aching erection and marveling at the shout and subsequent wetness that began to spread over his abdomen.
She whipped around, her skirts flowing around her skinny legs as she confronted Molly.
“Now Sherlock, it's time for your bath, don’t go running off now,” Mrs. Hudson reminded, and Sherlock allowed herself to be led into the attached bath, glancing back at the door where the lonely soldier was standing guard.
John allowed him to observe him for a moment, standing with his back straight and utterly self conscious, his ego somewhat boosted by Sherlock’s widening eyes, his pouting mouth dropping open into an “o’ of desire.
Moriarty thought,
Sherlock’s ability to hone in on the case, and only the case, was a marvel, but when it came to the safety of himself and his transport, he was a lacking.
John bore the verbal attack with her usual stoicism, but Sherlock saw her flinch when she belittled her station. Sherlock knew John prided herself on rising through the army, through the King’s guards, and she would hate to be reminded of her unpleasant familial past.
She was ready.
“I-I just, you went on a date with a man, and I thought you weren’t gay, you’ve said it enough,” Sherlock accused, nuzzling closer to John at the admission of why he was so dismayed, and John hummed quietly, looking down and feeling butterflies in his stomach at Sherlock's tactile actions.
John, oh please,
Sherlock, despite being unable to see John and his actions, whined low in his throat as he faced his exciting and humiliating predicament.
Sherlock leaned forward and began gently kissing the bulbous head of John’s prick, dipping his tongue in the slit and gently licking at the moisture there.
After all, they were both weeping for the same reason: relief, overpowering emotions, an all-consuming love that left them both breathless and filled at the same time. Complete.
Especially with Sherlock looking up at him, his cupid’s bow lips stretched around John’s cock in a heart shape, his eyes wide and willing to please with a rosy hue to his young, rounded cheeks.
, John smiled to himself while coating the beads in lubricant and beginning to line the first small bead with Sherlock’s clenching entrance.
Sherlock had no interest in men, despite the inevitability of her life that she would be married off to one and forced to breed. Every time Mrs. Hudson even attempted to bring up copious in the martial bed Sherlock faked an illness to escape. The mere thought of allowing a man to violate her made her stomach twist in knots. She had no interest in men or children. She just wanted.... Well, not that.
John fed Sherlock his dinner, every once and a while the food would miss Sherlock’s mouth and dribble down his chin; profiting John to coo embarrassingly about how adorable Sherlock looked with marinara sauce coating his face, and causing Sherlock's arousal to swell ever higher in response.
Sherlock was observing him now, and seeing John’s dilated pupils as he stared at Sherlock, he felt heat licking up his neck and face once again and he quickly went back to drinking his tea.
After a moment longer of rocking, Sherlock’s body went completely slack, his body falling into unconscious exhaustion from the inexorable pleasure and sensations pummeling his body, his mouth falling slightly open and his eyelashes fluttering against his scarlet stained cheeks.
. “ John promised darkly, and Sherlock’s eyes cleared slightly from their arousal induced haze to nod desperately in agreement.
exclaimed from a now furiously red Sherlock, who was avoiding John’s gaze. John let out a delighted laugh, and leaned up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek in a placating manner, imagining how cute Sherlock would have looked as a mere child, little curls and a honeybee following him around on his adventures.
Shortly after that incident, John and Sherlock left their giggling parental figures who were still sharing embarrassing stories about their childhoods, their faces just beginning to fade from the lingering mortification.
," Sherlock protested between giggles as John tickled his oversensitive body, attacking John with a few well placed jabs of his own until both of the men were breathless from laughing and genuine joy, lying in their bed and overwhelmed in love.
Sherlock glared, knowing that Moriarty was involved with his brother’s disappearance, knowing he was unable to prove it, and knowing he would get nothing more out of the wily man.
Sherlock ran to the window, and only moments later his father was dumped unceremoniously into a black carriage resembling a spider, being whisked away, away from Sherlock.
After all, it wasn’t just the girls who loved a soldier.
for John to mark and claim, lost in the unadulterated hedonistic pleasure only an unconscious man can truly achieve.
John didn’t always succeed.
"Sherlock, you know better than to touch yourself without permission. You know what that means," John said, moving over to the bed and sitting down, patting his lap seriously but with a twinkle in his eyes.
"Where were you yesterday Lestrade? You told me you would meet me there?" Sherlock asked, and Lestrade looked down, biting his silver tinged lip, and Sherlock gasped in realization, "you were with Molly weren't you! I hope you two didn't scar Rosie with your goings on; a candelabra and a clock, honestly," he muttered with a childish expression of distaste, and Lestrade only chuckled back in response, sticking a small tongue out at Sherlock in response, which was the point Mrs. Hudson told them to stop teasing each other at the table.
John kissed down Sherlock’s abdomen, pulling down Sherlock’s tightening trousers just enough to swallow down the head of his manhood, suckling lightly at the head and the drop of pre-come that were gathering there as Sherlock gasped and clawed at the sheets to keep from thrusting up into the inviting warmth of John’s mouth.
and Sherlock, caught between the two inescapable and inexorable pleasures came, the dream dissolving as the lovely pulsations faded into waking.
He heard the noise again, this time followed by an exaggerated
John pulled out his camera phone and looked to Sherlock once more for permission, watching the curly haired man nod vigorously, John took a picture of Sherlock with his eyes fluttering in pleasure, his cock leaking against his hard stomach and his curls fluffed out from his head, reminiscent of a halo.
At these thoughts, John would shiver at the possibilities, and drift off to sleep, leaving the idea of
Pushing the first one in, and not getting a reaction from the overwhelmed detective, he pushed the next two in with quick succession, angling them so they were perfect to rub against Sherlock’s prostate.
John smiled at her, and laid down beside her, trailing her hands up Sherlock's neck to her hair, lightly scratching and pulling at the gorgeous strands while humming to herself in satisfaction. Sherlock bit her lip to stop a moan from the sensation of the doctor's skilled fingers running through her curls and scratching her sensitive follicles, and John leaned forward to whisper in Sherlock's ear: "don't bite your lip love, let me hear you."
While the width of the plug was nothing startling, certainly leaner than John’s own cock by far, the teasing curve of the device is what lended itself to Sherlock’s dreading arousal. The very tip of the device would rest directly beneath his prostate, nudging unendingly on the sweet spot with every jostling step which would cause Sherlock to spend the day in agonizing arousal and fulfillment.
John handed Sherlock his cup of tea, blowing on his own to cool it before taking a sip, settling down in his armchair across from the detective who was busy reading through his e-mail.
and his arse, oh yes….
But after last night, and his feelings of complete heartbreak at the realization that John would date men, but not him, it forced Sherlock to recognize the truth.
“Step into the light,” Sherlock said quietly, watching as the creature pondered the demand before inching closer, the light beginning to draw over hideous features of not a man, but a beast. With fur, fangs, claws, and a body standing a head above Sherlock’s own. The creature's body was broad as an ox, with his head a mixture of a lion and a bear, with curling horns upon his head. When put together, he was a looming and terrifying nightmare.
The beast stood up and raced over to help Sherlock up, concerned, but Sherlock popped back upwards right away, a chagrined flush evident on his cheeks.
Not just accept being a woman grudgingly, and wear trousers and shirts that covered her slight curves and small breasts in order to do so, no, John made her accept what she had always run from due to societal expectations of what it means to succeed in a man’s world.
Occasionally, John wished he could go back to their first night at Angelo’s. He wished he could pry more into why girlfriends
“That’s quite right little one. You’re my good boy, aren’t you Sherlock, and do you know what happens to good boys?” He asked tauntingly, absolutely adoring Sherlock's reactions to the perverse language.
Moriarty drew forward with a snarl, launching himself at the beast and causing them both to fall over the back of the balcony. The beast cringed at Sherlock’s cry when he fell over the side of the castle, and he hit the rooftop just below with a hard grunt, Moriarty landing just beside him.
37 C is the equivalent to 98.6 F (normal/healthy body temperature) for all of us American’s who do not understand how to read Celsius.
His eyes flew open. Sherlock sat up on his bed in his darkened bedchambers, looking around the room to see it exactly as it had been when he had gone to sleep- clothes laid on the chair, a now cold cup of tea sitting on his nightstand, the light from the moon illuminating the floor with dancing shadows. But Sherlock could only focus on his dream.
To rectify this, John parted Sherlock’s cheeks, licked his lips, and placed his wet, hungry mouth over Sherlock’s inviting pucker, revealing in Sherlock yelp of surprise. John began to kiss; slowly, intimately, in every way he knew Sherlock adored while humming.
And so their first time was completed, but John would never forget the beautiful simplicity, the rightness, of that night. He doubted Sherlock would either.
As she stepped into the bathroom, female servants were busy adding soap to the large claw-foot tub and the room was already filling with jasmine-scented steam. The room itself was nearly as large as her bedroom suite with a tub large enough to easily fit three adults comfortable and everything was detailed with gold. There were plush armchairs, a separate stall for the privy, and a small chandelier. Sherlock felt herself begin to calm against her will as Ms. Hudson began untying her corset and she was able to freely draw in breaths.
Read on!
“How do you know that you want me sexually, love?” John asked, half-serious and half-teasing, and Sherlock delivered the reaction he had craved, curling in on himself and gasping out a mortified,
, and Sherlock's head tilted backwards in agonizing pleasure, his pink arse clenching around an insurmountable member inside. Sherlock went pliant above him, feeling vulnerable and yet more determined than ever before, he wanted to come, so badly.
Despite her love of everything scientific and logical, Sherlock had a small spark of optimistic emotionalism buried in her self-proclaimed shriveled heart.
love his arse.
Once upon a time, in a land nearby, a boy was born with dark curly hair, and inquisitive virescent eyes that startled his mother and father the moment they laid eyes on their beautiful newborn.
John marveled at the magnificent gates that were at least twenty feet tall, the iron formed into vines that twisted along the metal gates and appeared sharp enough to ward away any potential trespassers.
Sherlock closed his eyes, listening distantly to his whorish cries of pleasure as he sank on John’s cock, completely naked whereas John was completely clothed despite his naked cock, which Sherlock was taking expertly in his well-fucked bum.
When he entered the bedroom, Sherlock was sitting up on his elbows, staring at John with his pupils blown wide and a red flush reaching down to cover his chest, just brushing his hardened nipples.
“And stay out, you loon!” One of them called, and the door was shut on Mycroft and Siger’s faces.
boyfriends were not Sherlock’s area. He wished things could be different between them, on the nights when they sat across from each other, and John glanced up to see Sherlock, eyes closed, his mind racing from deductions, and John wants to get up and touch him. Desperately.
Smirking down at the picture for a moment, he set it as his screen background, knowing no one would see it but himself as it was passcode protected.
He was so perfect; littered with small scars-
“Where are we going?” John continued, tucking that piece of information away in his mind as he watched Sherlock gather his thoughts, beginning to pace around the bedroom and looking adorably ruffled.
,” Sherlock called, but felt a foreign object being pressed into his sloppy, reddened hole in response.
“This is magic. John gave it to me, so I would be able to-“ Sherlock bit his lip, remembering John's final words sadly, “I would be able to look back to him. It allows you to call the name of whomever you wish to see, and view them. See them in the present moment,” Sherlock turned away, looking past his papa to look at his rose, remembering the first blossoms of desire he had been feeling around the beast before he was called home- his duty as a loving son more important than the beginning air of desire.
“Yes, that would be- I mean, yes,” Michael answered, still looking down, and John watched the flustered young man with a smile.
Once the door to the flat was blessedly closed and locked, John turned around with a decidedly predatory look on his face to stare at his partner. Sherlock had a lingering blush on his cheeks, and was pretending to be absorbed in his phone as he stood in front of John, briefly glancing upwards to gulp at John’s expression before looking away to maintain an air of nonchalance.
But John didn't sound scandalized or disgusted, so he must be truly naive to Sherlock's actions, he realized with a relieved exhale.
Sherlock smiled at the tiara as the memory faded, and she raised her arms to place it on her head until it was nestled in place among her up-do.
The beast’s saddened eyes closed in defeat, not answering and waiting for the final blow. Moriarty smiled at the defeated creature before him, and lifted his arm for the final blow.
John began to slowly pull the cloth out, and then push it back in, listening to Sherlock's aroused grumblings and pushing the detective's hands away when he attempted to pull the cloth out himself.
"John," Sherlock panted, his eyes half closed in hazy pleasure, "kiss me."
“Sherlock” the beast announced after licking his bowl clean, interrupting Sherlock’s conversation with Lestrade about different battle armors. Sherlock turned to him, interest flaring in his eyes. John rarely addressed him by name, after all.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shook his curls, watching as glitter fell around the pavement beneath them.
Sherlock stood up after a moment on wobbly legs, righting himself and following John into the bathroom. Sherlock watched as John started the water to the bathtub, and then ruffled around the bathroom cupboard for a moment.
,” Sherlock snarled back, crossing his arms over his chest and trying to adopt a haughty expression on his blushing face, and failing.
Sherlock took John’s hand, and led him the edges of the dance floor, where other couples were turning gracefully to the beautiful music, swirls of colors from women’s dresses making the scene dreamlike.
See my tumblr for new stories and updates:
,” John pleaded, but Sherlock shook his head, leaning down to capture John’s trembling lips with his own, separating John’s lips with his tongue and stroking inside his mouth gently, matching his tongue’s movements with that of his manhood, slowly, surely.
“Not until you’ve finished your dinner.”
Finally, after an agonizing walk in complete silence in the eerie castle shrouded in darkness, the beast turned to gaze down at Sherlock. Sherlock held his gaze as long as he was able, before looking away.
Sherlock stood up, fluffing his curls once more, and walked over to John, kissing him on the cheek, feeling bold at his presumptuous action but knowing that John loved him.
Five other men were standing safely at the entrance to the door, watching the insanity of the objects fighting, and turned to run, Moran followed, shouting “retreat.” The men mounted their horses to start back to Sussex, running away from the haunted palace.
John acquiesced with a smile, leaning down to lave over Sherlock’s right nipple tenderly before biting down just so.
After a moment longer, John looked up to see Sherlock panting harshly into the cushions where his face was hidden, his erection short and slender against John’s thigh.
Moriarty turned to the crowd, who had come to Siger Holmes’ house for bloodshed, “I say we kill the beast! After all, he is a danger to our way of life, he cannot be that far away if Siger and his boy stumbled across him,” Moriarty said in a shout, and the crowd began to murmur their agreement to one another.
John and Sherlock stood dressed in their finery, John is his military dress with his badges of honor shining on his jacket and Sherlock with his curls slightly tamed for the occasion, his riding boots shining. Around them, their few family and friends were sitting in chairs and watching with smiles abounding as the two men made their promises to one another, their vows.
John heard Sherlock's words echo in his head, and he winced, looking out into the forest and wondering where Sherlock would go.
“Perfect, all done. Almost any color would look good on your ivory complexion, do you have anything in mind?”
During dinner that evening, Sherlock teased John, sitting across from him and eating his food in a decidedly lewd manner, sucking on his spoon longer than necessary and exposing his collarbones, lean wrists and long neck whenever possible. John felt he was in a cruel fantasy, able to look at his mesmerizing love but unable to touch.
“We’re having porridge this morning,” she announced, and Sherlock made a face, which cause the beast to chuckle. Sherlock smiled over at him, and grabbed spoon, poking at the porridge with a disgusted expression.
“Yes, I am, I just-“ Sherlock bit his lip, but continued, “I wish I could see my father. Just to make sure that he is okay.” Sherlock turned away for a moment, before the beast caught his arm and gently pulled Sherlock around the face him once more.
Sherlock had never been so uninterested in a case as he was right now.
Once she neared the throne, she observed the presence of a stranger. A female stranger, dressed as a solider with armor, riding pants and boots on her full figure. Hmm. Odd.
Sherlock moved forward, slipping past the slightly opened gate and following his Father’s footsteps in the snow, cataloging their gait and stride up to the gazebo. There, he spotted the fallen white rose, and strode over to pick it up, turning it around and wondering why such a beautiful flower had been cut. And, how such flowers could grow in the midst of winter in the first place.
Once upon a time, in a faraway land,
“Perhaps the beast allowed you your freedom, but you’ll find that I prefer my pets to be far more
John pondered, a wicked smirk gracing his features as he watched Sherlock’s unconscious body take its pleasure without self-consciousness, Sherlock giving off high moans and soft sighs as his erect cock rubbed against the soft pillow, trapped inside his trousers where a wet spot was rapidly growing. John's mouth watered at the thought of slipping down the bed, tugging those loose trousers down his thighs and taking Sherlock's pride into his mouth, swallowing it whole and caused Sherlock to wake up in the midst of coming, but he held off, knowing that he needed Sherlock's approval for such an action.
Sherlock’s cock was lying erect upon his stomach, leaking precome beneath his belly button, and Sherlock leaned down to swipe his thumb teasingly across the head, bringing some of the droplets up to his mouth to taste, suckling on his fingers as he continued clenching around the pulsations coming from the toy, and feeling completely and utterly wrecked after just moments of stimulation.
Once in the center of the inviting storeroom, with its white furniture and plush carpet, Sherlock peered around him in alarm as he took in the sheer amount of lingerie. He had no idea where to begin.
Sherlock walked dazedly over to the mantle, ignoring his skull in favor of focusing on steading his breathing. Even after the many intimate adventure’s he and John had explored, each time still possessed the thrill of the first touch.
Discontented with living his life within sheltered castle walls,
Siger Holmes strode happily to the front gates of his country home, smiling widely at the race of children headed towards him- well, Sherlock and Katherine were racing, Mycroft following at a more leisurely pace than his younger siblings.
"Sherlock, go to our room, take off your clothes and kneel by the bed," John gave in with a sigh, "I will finish this paperwork, then I will put you under, alright lovely?"
he thought with a sigh.
John’s mind whispered as Sherlock tucked his head underneath John’s neck once they were settled in the car, and John smiled down at the adorable man beneath him.
When the two women paused outside of the council chambers, Mrs. Hudson saw Sherlock’s thinly masked sadness and drew the bony woman into her arms for an embrace. Sherlock stood still for a moment before melting into the affection of her nanny.
And something special at the end.
“I bet he or she will love it.” She responded, picking up the chemise and the corset and carrying them out of the dressing room, leaving Sherlock to get dressed.
“If you say it, I will let you come,” John purred lowly, licking slowly up and down Sherlock’s shaft, holding his hips down and stroking his calloused thumbs around his hipbones.
With a groan, and an exasperated eye roll, John quickly flipped the entwined men over, pushing a bright-eyed Sherlock into the bed with a chuckle.
“You’re so beautiful tonight, darling,” John whispered lowly, leaning into Sherlock’s chest, "I wish we could dance all night, and I could show off my sweetheart to the world." Sherlock breathed in John’s pleasing cologne and nature scent, the sensations of the dance, the glass of champagne, and John’s closeness and words morphing together in his mind.
“I need to grab something, brace your hands against the mantle and wait,” John whispered in his ear, grasping Sherlock’s neck tightly in his grip. Sherlock shivered at the words and John’s hand on his sensitive neck, steading him.
And so John watched the people of the town, feeling useless. She let her blue gaze wander across the marketplace where she sat slumped against a wall, always aware, a Captain through and through.
God, John felt giddy at the notion of having a relationship, a real relationship, with Sherlock.
“But?” Sherlock asked, finally turning to face John fully.
Seeing no such look, Sherlock continued, irritation coloring his tone, “well, obviously 2 million pounds could easily be stolen from just about any bank, online hackers, transfer, complete. It’s almost poetic in simplicity, as crimes go.” he smirked, “in fact, I’ve cataloged how easily it would be to rob a bank in London, and honestly,” Sherlock shrugged, “you should up your security in the financial district, for Queen and country and all-“
Quelling a smile, John nodded and, putting a fist to her heart, vowed, “Yes sir, I shall.”
With a smirk, John paced forward.
The doctor smiled, leaning forward to press a kiss on the corner of Sherlock’s kiss-bruised lips, “you are coming out of sub-space love. It’s the mindset you had when you were submitting to me,” John explained kindly, and Sherlock scoffed.
“This is for you, come here whenever you want, Sherlock,” the beast announced softly, adoring the wondering expressions crossing the young man’s face. He deserved so much more, but for now, the library seemed like a strong start.
John rested his hips against Sherlock plush bum for a moment, allowing Sherlock to adjust to his large member before beginning to rock his hips shallowly back and forth, lovingly, pushing Sherlock’s erection onto the bed and smear his precum against the white, medical sheets and listening to their intermingling breaths.
“Yes” Sherlock announced, doing as the beast said, and John was struck by the trust and kindness Sherlock bestowed on everyone he met. John never would have trusted or forgiven someone who had treated him the way he had treated Sherlock. A pang of guilt ran through his chest, but he pushed it away in favor of giving Sherlock his surprise.
Sherlock was wearing his usual white button down with fitted black trousers, but he had donned on a fitted rainbow suit jacket to match, as well as painting a small flag on his cheek for extra measure.
“Really Lestrade,” Sherlock huffed, “shouldn’t you make sure the murderer isn’t still present
“And I expect you to treat her with nothing but grace, or you’ll be quite unhappy indeed. I’ll be back in one hour to help you get bathe and get ready. Until then, become acquainted with Captain Watson or else. ”
“JOHN,” Sherlock cried out, writhing on the sheets in complete abandon, feeling his heart racing due to his inexorable pleasure soaking his undergarments.
She saw me. She
Sherlock almost dropped the mirror, dropping into a nearby chair: “Oh, oh God my father! I can’t let him go to that horrid place” Sherlock took a deep breath, trying to stave off his panic while John looked on with a saddened expression, staring at the rose which was almost completely wilted.
Sherlock could not longer stand to peer at the brilliant lights shining from the beast, and shielded his eyes.
"Sorry, darling, you're right," John nodded, making sad eyes at his daughter until she leapt out of her chair and raced over, placing a wet kiss on John's cheek and then Sherlock's.
“Good, now let’s go.”
If not, he would be doomed to remain a beast for all time.
paint a pretty picture, as always, I think were going to have to see how well behaved you can be while we get home.”
“Sentiment?” John queried after a moment.
Bull’s-eye.
“Or are you looking for yourself, perhaps?” She asked softly, so as not to startle him, and Sherlock nodded gratefully.
Sherlock’s slender frame shook, the nerve endings around his rim being stimulated as John teasingly rotated the thermometer, pretending to ensure he would receive a proper reading all the while relishing Sherlock’s jolts every time John grazed his enflamed prostate, rocking himself down on the pillow and caught in an endless wave of torture.
“It wasn’t even that large of a brawl! I was in the right, you know. Those men were spewing nonsense about the feebleness of women and it was my duty to step in! This forced confinement is completely unacceptable and I wont stand for it,” Sherlock exclaimed, walking forward and slamming her hands down on the dressing table in indignation, her body slumping down and her curls tickling her neck.
In another part of the castle, John watched on his magic mirror as Sherlock claimed that he "didn't want anything to do with him." John's eyes tightened at that, and he watched Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade comfort the young man who was facing a life of imprisonment.
“I’m going to distract him, give me one minute. Then I need you to grab his phone. It is located in his right breast pocket,” Sherlock instructed. John nodded, and watched with a growing sense of trepidation as Sherlock practically sauntered over to the suspect.
“Captain Watson, I am reinstating you to your former command and am inviting you to join the King’s Guard. Will you pledge fealty to your king and vow to protect him, his family, and the realm above all else?”
Sherlock was staring into his tea, and John cupped his hand beneath the mug, bringing Sherlock’s clasped hands and the mug up to those plush, pink lips, forcing him to take a drink.
The End.
John sighed, “but it was the beginning of the war against the Valwald armies and I felt called to a life that was more than that. I had been secretly training since I was 15- I taught myself to hunt, fish, and wield a sword that I had stolen from my fiancé.” John laughed lowly, “I told my parents and my father screamed at me for hours, but my mother, she looked at me as if her dreams had been shattered and she didn't say a word. I left the next morning at dawn, and I haven’t seen or spoken to them in many years.”
“The game is on.”
- Sherlock still brought out the deepest sentiment John was capable of feeling; the protectiveness and possessiveness growling inside of the army doctor every time he looked at the detective.
“Papa, your hands are cold as ice already! We need to get you out of here,” Sherlock said desperately, looking around for something to break the lock on the dungeon door and ignoring his father’s coughing protests.
Since she was stabbed in the shoulder during the Battle of Lochmage, John’s life had changed irrevocably. In the past year, she had been “relieved” by her commanding officer with the parting slot to, “go and fulfill your true purpose- your womb is not harmed and can be of use.” Since then, John had never fully recovered her wit or her will.
The beast winced, and Sherlock hoped he hadn’t ruined their night by reminding them both of that particular fiasco, caused by his curious tendencies and John's anger issues.
“Shh, sweetheart, I’m right here,” John murmured, sliding over to Sherlock’s side and gathering the detective in his arms, ignoring the huff from the cabbie, “we are almost home. Just a little while longer.”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade huffed impatiently, pacing towards the consulting detective, “stay on track, please. The rose, what does that have to do with the bank?”
“Sherlock, no more deducing. Stay with me, please,” John said quietly, with a serious expression adorning on her normally light-hearted face.
“Sweetheart, oh my beautiful boy. I’m right here, Sherlock,” John whispered, as Sherlock’s pliant body moved with his, their pleasure building incrementally, so softly, as they traded kisses and sentiments back and forth.
“I marked three pages of poems that I want you to read aloud, once I give you permission,” John said gently, pressing a firm hand against Sherlock’s back to settle the tensed detective. Sherlock nodded his assent, and John began to pepper tickling kisses up and down the back of Sherlock’s neck and arms.
“Shh, love, just let me give you a kiss,” He said innocently, reaching down to peck once, twice, a half a dozen times against Sherlock’s clenching pucker, and Sherlock thrust his hips back, wiggling his arse as much as he could in John’s hold.
John nodded to himself as he clutched his detective closer, leaning down to place a kiss on his recalcitrant curls; a lesson was in order.
Ridiculous D.I.s
She woke Greg up with the sunrise, ignoring his grumbling as they torn down their camp and wrapped up their cots. Once they had packed up they set off, the journey was fairly simple. They arrived at the palace at mid-day with little fanfare, despite John's hammering heart. She had never wished to go to the palace, and now she was going to stand before the king and receive an assignment to travel to the ends of the realm to protect a King she had never met.
John entered the bedroom, sighing deeply after another long day of work at the surgery, to find Sherlock sound asleep on the bed, face down and breathing deeply. His curls were fanned out on the soft pillows that he was hugging with his graceful arms, his pink, pouting mouth parted slightly and glistening in the darkness of the bedroom.
But Sherlock, with an impish grin, squirmed on John’s cock, moaning loudly to the ceiling, and John’s control broke, holding Sherlock’s hips and ramming up into him, incited by Sherlock’s teasing. They rocked together feverishly for perhaps a few minutes, until John reached up to tug at Sherlock's sensitive nipples, causing Sherlock to erupt, his cock pulsating untouched onto his and John’s stomachs as John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock through his orgasm, swallowing his cries of unreserved delight.
With a shiver, Sherlock nodded for the saleswoman to begin unlacing, which she did with a salacious grin, “so, this is not a purely selfish endeavor. You’re doing this for your lover?” She guessed, and Sherlock nodded, looking away from her knowing eyes in the mirror as she nodded with a giggle.
, all the while rocking against the bedspread like an animal in heat, his body begging to be taken higher even as his mouth betrayed his desperation.
He wiggled gently, settling back down to laze about some more, wondering where John had gone off to but deciding sleep was more imperative.
“Okay love, go put those on and then let me see you,” Mrs. Hudson instructed with a soft smile, as if she could sense Sherlock’s anxiousness and excitement. Sherlock nodded absentmindedly and went to put on the clothing, having some issues with the tight riding trousers but overall he had no problems. Stepping out to face Mrs. Hudson while putting on his belt, she cooed, “don’t you look handsome, young man? Come look at yourself.”
I apologize for the long wait, my semester has been busy and I recently interviewed for and received a job! Yay!
“No! No, I am not leaving here without you!” Sherlock yelled in desperation, hands clutching his hair in fistfuls out of frustration, forcing himself to think but struggling due to his heightened emotional state.
“Papa, where did you….?”
With that, John began to plunder Sherlock’s hole with a force of which the two men had never attempted, rocking his hips sharply, and Sherlock’s moans and cries increased in volume until he was choking while attempting to express his pleasure.
Sherlock's mind supplied unhelpfully, feeling the hardened buds pressing gently into her upper back and wanting to touch.
Sherlock agreed while grumbling, and he stripped off his clothes, getting into the large bath that was attached to his chambers and trying to ignore the many objects in the room who were preparing for his night with John. Sherlock was horribly nervous and spent most of the time in the bath scrubbing his skin practically raw and untangling his curls.
he heard in his mind, wondering where his sub-conscious' voice was coming from.
After a moment of stillness in which John continued to peer at that adored visage, Sherlock woke with a gasp, his ever changing eyes meeting John’s and his face turning absolutely scarlet, much to John’s internal amusement. Even Sherlock’s nose was not unaffected, the small appendage turning pink, and John wanted to kiss it.
A mother was buying apples for her four screaming children, an old man was staring lecherously at a young maiden despite her stark refusal at his advances, and the regular sounds of dreary the marketplace surrounded John’s senses.
Well, mainly everything.
“John,” Sherlock whined after a minute of this, still embarrassing, treatment of his arse, and John finally pulled the cloth away with a chuckle and two bristly kisses placed reverently on Sherlock’s arse cheeks as he pulled the cloth out of Sherlock's, now clean, arse.
“Absolutely, it’ll be over before you know it. Hold still for me now,” John explained in a bored tone, but felt his heart clench when Sherlock began to tense further at John’s seeming disinterest in the proceedings.
John stood up and went to get ready, curious as to what Sherlock was doing but shaking the thought away, writing him a quick note and then going to grab a quick shower.
“I wish there was another way,” said Sherlock, wringing his hands further in agitation, “I don’t wish to marry Moriarty, but you cannot go to the asylum.”
-buttocks, standing proudly.
, John thought,
And John…. Well, John’s hands were clenched as if stopping himself from getting up from the chair, embracing Sherlock, and perhaps engaging in acts that would be inappropriate in front of Mrs. Hudson.
Her eyes flew open, her neck stinging in pain from the prolonged muscle strain as she moved her head to see Mrs. Hudson standing at the door, hands on her hips and a disapproving glint in her, surprisingly sharp, eyes.
John grabbed two flutes of champagne and handed one to Sherlock, the two men standing to the side of the room, drinking the delicious champagne and trying to keep their arousals in check.
, and you can come.”
Sherlock, who was often told by his mother that magic existed but had dismissed it as a child’s fantasy, stared open mouthed at the amazing sight before him. A candelabra was
“Another man, John? I wouldn’t have pegged you for a purple roses type, perhaps he doesn’t know you as well as he thinks,” Sherlock scoffed imperiously, snatching his teacup from John’s outstretched hand and taking a sip despite the scalding temperature that left her tongue aching, still holding the flowers in her left hand in a vice grip.
“You’re beautiful, Sherlock,” John whispered, peppering kisses over those sweet cheeks while grasping Sherlock’s erection in hand, watching as the young man’s face contorted with pleasure.
“Yes, and you once stole a head from the morgue,” John responded with a sigh.
Sherlock lay next to him, still wearing his ripped and bloodied clothes and breathing deeply, his face relaxed in a peaceful expression and his hands clutching a pillow to his chest, nuzzling into it.
“Oh, I met a man on my travels who was a zoologist, and I saw the book sitting on his shelf. We bargained for it, and I was able to finally get you a present you actually want,” Siger smiled at his son’s shocked reaction, reaching out to pet down his recalcitrant curls.
Suddenly it was over, and Sherlock felt a cold glass rod, at least eight inches long, pressing into his slackened hole.
Wiping himself down, and sighing his relief, he discarded the washcloth and walked back into Sherlock’s room, turning off the light only to be greeted by the sleepy-lidded pair of blue-green eyes staring back at him.
They kissed sweetly for a moment more, before John began to trace Sherlock’s lower lip, seeking entrance. And Sherlock, realizing he never wanted to deny John, happily opened his mouth, allowing John to lick inside the warm wetness there, sliding alongside his tongue.
"But Siger isn't insane," he whined, let down that the money would not be his after all. Moriarty only shook his head in response.
“Well, I needed you here. Seemed the fastest way to have you fetched by the police. They’d been looking for a culprit and they were about to arrest one of mine.” Moran laughed softly and shook his head as if it were a fond memory. “Couldn’t let that happen. My employees are sparse enough as it is.”
“They’re a load of crap, I’ve told you this.”
Sherlock glanced at John and found him with his eyes closed, chewing on the inside of his bottom lip. He stepped in closer, the front of his shoulder against the back of John’s, just the tiniest contact to keep him grounded. This had been an awful idea.
“With pleasure,” John replied. He pulled away and then came back at a different angle, and Sherlock could feel the grin as their mouths pressed and worked together again.
“Who is older than you and leaving home next year. Be sensible. You can’t live like this any longer.”
They laid together in silence for a while, Sherlock listening for John's father and John falling asleep. It was so easy, John thought, being friends with Sherlock. He could just... Just
“It’s not, though, is it?” she pressed. John heard her sit up.
When it came down to it, John wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. Did he wait for this faun thing to come out? No, that was a stupid idea. It was cold outside, and God knew how long it would stay in there. So, did he open the door and wait for it to leave? No, he’d still have to wait outside. Confront it? That seemed the easiest way. If he was careful.
“Starbucks is still open,” John mentioned as they passed a high street. A few of the shop signs were still lit up, one of which was a coffee shop – or, in John’s mind, a
Sherlock thought – so he wasn’t surprised when he didn’t get so much as a ‘So?’ in response. He’d taken the vegetables from the fridge and replaced them with his work, effectively pausing the experiment for the time being. The same couldn’t be said for the decomposition of the vegetables, but he didn’t care about them.
, and she had the nerve to tell him that it was
Originally, John had been planning on ignoring everything Sherlock said, smacking his hands away, and running home to wait for his dad. He had the scene in his head. He’d be sitting on the stairs, watching the front door. After a few days, it’d all blow over. A set of keys would jangle in the lock. The look on his dad’s face when he opened the door and John was sitting there…
“I just think,” Harry continued, “that you’re an idiot if you think our father’s homophobically-charged gaydar isn’t going to pick up on this new whatever-it-is between you two.”
John opened his eyes when the door swung closed, and was shocked to find Sherlock right beside him in the bed again. “When did you…” he trailed off, shaking his head. A sudden urge rose, hot and fierce, in his chest. How easy would it have been for him to pucker his lips and kiss his best friend, right then and there? He blinked. Clearly his body remembered more about the night before than he did.
Eventually, with a great swing, Fawnlock wrenched the door open and threw himself into John’s arms. “John,” he growled firmly.
John floundered.
“Alright, thank you, now tell me what’s happened.”
“John,” Sherlock said, taking his chin between his fingers and turning it to face him. “Look at me and take some deep breaths. You’ll be okay. It’s all going to be okay.”
“No,” John said certainly, squeezing Sherlock’s hand. “Need you here to remind me that I’m not dying. Send someone else.”
“Chickens.” John swallowed. He stepped from foot to foot. “Sherlock, are you alright?”
"And did it?"
Sherlock’s head snapped up and he stared at John in disbelief before repeating the same movement down to the right millimetre. John did it again, a little stronger this time. He grinned at Sherlock.
Since the night of sharing John's bed, they migrated back and forth between the two bedrooms. Tonight, they were sharing Sherlock's bed.
Sherlock stepped shyly into the tub, settling down between John’s legs and pressing his back against John’s chest, but not before giving John a enticing view of his red bum.
The two men broke apart, breathing slightly unevenly as they turned to look at the now indignant four year old who had crossed her chocolate covered arms in annoyance.
Lesrade, unaware of Sherlock’s inner turmoil, grasped his arm and looked at him steadily, “Sherlock, take off that bloody great coat! It’s too hot outside to bother looking posh,” Lesrade chuckled, and Sherlock groaned in annoyance and not a small amount of arousal.
Damn, Sherlock sighed as he sat back down, drumming his fingers along his leg in agitation, John’s self-proclaimed heterosexuality was annoying at the best of times, correcting every person who even suggested they might be a couple, much to Sherlock’s hidden chagrin.
John clenched his hand around Sherlock’s own, pulling Sherlock closer to his compact body, pulling Sherlock’s lithe frame into John’s muscular chest.
“Oh, I just knew Sherlock would be good for you. He is too sweet and kind to not have that affect on people, and look at how beautiful he is,” Mrs. Hudson cooed and Sherlock, who as per usual, blushed at attention being drawn to his qualities, preferring only his intellectual abilities to be praised.
John merely pulled his phone from his pocket and swiftly took a picture of his punished detective, his glowing arse facing the room and his mussed curls looking absolutely delicious. There was still a sheen of saliva where John had been sucking and prodding at his hole just moments before. John looked down at the picture on his phone with a smile and added it to his file of Sherlock pictures, smirking in delight at the adorable nature of his freshly spanked and reprimanded detective.
“Ohhhh, ngghh,
“Who do you belong to?” John asked lowly, his eyes glinted and his persona completely Captain Watson. Sherlock felt his slightly distracted arousal surging violently through his lower abdomen, his heart rate raising steadily as he anticipated the night before him with a jealous, authoritative John.
Sherlock hung up the phone, having just ordered John's favorite green curry with spiced chicken and naan for dinner. The detective estimated that the doctor would be home in approximately fifty two minutes, depending on the fluctuation in public transportation that day.
This-this glorified babysitter was no different from any of the servants that had coddled her in the past. Why was her transport acting oddly?
“Then you’ve come to the right place,” she confirmed, leading him towards the back of the store where the merchandise was held. Around Sherlock was lace, silk, and colors abounding in the form of corsets, bras, and what seemed like hundreds of panties.
“Sherlock, please-“
Sherlock saw tears glistening in John’s eyes, but he knew John wasn’t in pain he was just overwhelmed. He leaned down to kiss the shorter man’s forehead, resting there and giving him a moment, knowing how vulnerable this act can make any man.
“I-I was looking for some lingerie,” Sherlock murmured, stepping closer to the storefront, and the woman opened the door, holding it and gesturing Sherlock inside.
“Wonderful work, John,” Sherlock praised once they were outside, but John backed him up against a pillar, not giving him a moment to enjoy the thrill of a job well done. Sherlock's back hit the marble with a soft thump, and he looked confusedly down to meet John's gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now Sherlock, there are four bachelor’s that I would like you to pay close attention to tonight. It is imperative that you dance with each of them, no matter how dull,” Mycroft whispered lowly while keeping a pleasant smile on his face as the guests watched the royal siblings descend the staircase with their usual grace.
Her heart was racing as she took in the unfamiliar surroundings, an oak tree and a clearing. Where was she?
That first night in Angelo’s, it might have been a proposition. But Sherlock had turned him down, turned away, and John was now looking for other people, other
Sherlock sighed, dutifully following Mrs. Hudson to the wardrobe and ignoring the vomit-inducing monstrosity Mrs. Hudson had chosen in favor of her favorite deep violet dress with black embroidery.
“Who dares enter my castle?” The creature growled from the doorway, his presence masked in shadows, but the imposing figure was not lost to Sherlock’s eyes and he gulped in fear.
So vulnerable.
John gave his red bum a gentle pat and when over to pull out his chair like a gentleman, helping Sherlock line up his flushed body and helping him sink down, down,
The two men laughed, scooping up the little girl the cradle between them, nuzzling into her and each other's embrace. They were a family, and ridiculously happy.
“And since you have saved me, I feel it is only right that I tell you the truth” John continued, staring at the ground for a moment before gulping in a deep breathe and reaching over, taking one of Sherlock’s pale, alabaster hands into his own, forcing the brilliant man to meet his eyes with a shocked gasp.
Sherlock gasped when John strode forward, picking him up in a swift move and carrying him over to their bed, laying him down gently,
-John turned back to his desk.
Molly motioned for Sherlock to stand, and fitted her green bodice over her arms and torso, sewing it up in the back while Sherlock fiddled with the fabric, making huffing noises all the while. Molly rolled her eyes at her mistresses annoyed air, and continued dressing her, picking up the pace lest Sherlock dart from the room half-dressed, as she sometimes did when she was lost in her mind palace, dashing around with a skirt and chemise when her brilliance struck her.
-only hope.
Sherlock took the tea with a distracted hum of thanks, blowing on it once, twice, and then sipping gently and sighing as the sweet liquid poured down his throat.
“Yes, it is a request this time. I apologize for my… brusqueness earlier.”
Apparently, though, his expression was not enough. Seeing the alarm on Sherlock’s face remaining, he began to climb up the dark grey walls and the slanted rooftop back up to the balcony, hardly able to believe Sherlock was standing there, looking at him.
Hello, everyone who is reading this! I know it's been a while since I posted, but needs must.
John reached forward to wipe them away with a private smile, pecking Sherlock’s forehead, his cheeks, his eyelids, before leaning back, gazing into Sherlock’s glistening eyes with complete adoration.
to you,” John growled, lifting Sherlock by his bum about six inches up on his cock and allowing gravity to pull him back down, watching where they were joined as Sherlock’s stretched pink pucker devoured John’s flushed cock once again.
While waiting for a response, John felt oddly calm. Whether Sherlock dismissed his sentiments as unwanted, or expressed his love for the doctor, John is content that the secrets he had held for so long are gone, and he felt a weight off his heart at the realization that if he died tomorrow, Sherlock would know that was loved by John.
Jealous!Sherlock is up next, but don't worry, John knows *just* how to handle his detective ;)
When nightfall came, there was no Mycroft in sight, and Siger had sent Katherine away to stay in London with a distant cousin for her protection. Now, Sherlock paced at the door, waiting for Moriarty to come, and tugging his hair, frustrated at his inability to come up with a solution.
Michael nodded sympathetically, reaching out to grab John’s free hand across the table and squeeze it lightly, “I’m sorry, but thank you for your service.”
, what’s wrong?” John cooed gently, his voice gruff with sleep and his eyes crinkling in concern, somehow instinctively knowing that Sherlock needed comfort.
John brought out the package, opening it swiftly to reveal a pair of nipple clamps. Fine and silver, connected by a glittering chain and appearing like a knight’s chainmail from the stories Sherlock often heard about growing up.
"Yes, I know Mrs. Hudson, but I still believe that we should explain some things before the master wakes up."
Sherlock obviously wanted John to take him, mark him fully, but John was hesitant. Not only was Sherlock a virgin, but John was quite large, and he didn't want to hurt his inexperienced lover. At the same time, John was also quite anxious to take Sherlock to bed properly. To show him how he should be loved and cherished, in the bedroom and always.
John thought possessively, reaching down to gather some of the wetness still seeping from beneath Sherlock’s ruined pants and bringing it up.
“Come here, love, let’s have a cuddle” John smiles, taking Sherlock’s hand and leading him to the, now shared, downstairs bedroom. John looked to Sherlock for permission before deftly undressing the detective into only his pants and then undressing himself likewise.
“You have saved me, so many times and in so many ways,” John admitted, his sweet words seeping into Sherlock’s sex-addled brain, and he smiled, his rosy cheeks deepening in color from John’s unguarded confession.
Sherlock lay down on her bed and tried to quell her racing heart, closing her eyes to picture it; John was magnificent, fighting the King’s Guard, passing all the tests with aplomb and taking down Anderson, the largest swordsmen with a ridiculous complex regarding his size.
. Sherlock stood in amazement for a moment, before going to sit on one of the many benches present in the room to process these sensations, adjusting himself lightly and twitching at the remarkable pleasure that raced up his spine at the simple movement. He wanted to touch himself again, and he reached down to do just that, before realizing he was in a public place.
Sherlock came out of their bedroom a while later, half-lidded eyes and a sheet wrapped around his sleep flushed body as he yawned, covering his mouth.
John licked his lips and his cock twitched.
“B-but, aren’t I a bit… old?” Sherlock sputtered, clutching the childish gown between two delicate hands, his cheeks heating and ducking his head, curls tumbling across his forehead.
Sherlock pondered the next course of action for a moment, before shrugging to himself and hugging Mycroft closely, "I'm glad you're alright," he whispered. Mycroft was standing very still, his arms hanging at his sides in shock, but right before Sherlock almost let go in embarrassment at the obviously unwanted action, Mycroft brought his arms up to hold his little brother close, squeezing him tightly to his suit covered chest, "I'm glad you're safe, as well," he murmured, unused to expressing sentiment, but Sherlock smiled up at him brilliantly, so Mycroft figured it was worth the uncomfortable moment.
“There is nothing to be ashamed of. I meant what I said before; your submission is a gift, Sherlock. All of it,” John reminded him, pressing kisses up and down the sensitive nape of Sherlock’s neck where tiny curls were formed from perspiration.
"Those poems, that is how I feel about you, Sherlock. I do, I love you, always" John whispered, kissing just below Sherlock ear.
John tried to take a few steps towards the bedroom, but his iron clad control could withstand the throbbing pleasure no longer, the feeling of Sherlock literally in his complete control, squirming on his cock with no where to go, being denied pleasure by John.
Sherlock tilted his head in confusion but acquiesced without question, as he often did for John, and followed the man to the coach, sitting on the opposite end and staring out the window into the London night while clutching his tea like lifeline.
He shivered in anticipation.
“Introducing her royal highness, Princess Sherlock of Fairlyn,” he boomed. Sherlock took and breath and set her expression. She stepped into the chambers and the noisy room quieted as the elusive princess strode into the room, a cold look marring her beautiful features.
“Moriarty, have you seen my little brother around in the past three days?” Mycroft inquired, interrupting their laughter from a crude joke, and watched as Moriarty’s cold, dead eyes turned to meet his own. Mycroft did not flinch or look away, but he felt a sense of foreboding from the empty stare.
Once their laughter had completely died out, the two men lay side by side in their bed in Baker Street, and with a little smile John looked over, meeting Sherlock's ever-changing eyes with his own. With that heavy look that passed between them, the mood shifted ever so slightly into something more serious, unspoken.
“It’s time love, dinner is on the table. He’s waiting” She said gently, and Sherlock moved automatically to the door.
The girl who was equally as illusive as her marble counterpart, but unlike the hardened and unfeeling statue, the princess was quickly growing flushed under John’s attentions.
Glancing down at himself once again, he could not see anything around his manhood to stimulate it- yet it still continued to fill with blood, his erection mounting and the head beginning to flush a deep pink with precum beading at the top and slipping down, down, down his cock. Synapses were firing in his mind, deductions and arousal warring for top priority as he was stimulated by an unknown force of nature.
“Sherlock, master, it’s wonderful to see you two eating together at last” she remarked, pouring tea into to cups and wheeling them two both Sherlock and the beast, adding sugar to the young man’s and milk to the beast’s.
He pulled out gently, calming his breathing and leaning down to look over Sherlock’s entrance, not seeing any tears and smirking at the sight of his come dripping from the reddened, well-used pucker.
“As I was saying, Commander, John would be a fantastic addition to the guards,” Lestrade offered, observing Thrymn’s blank expression with a sense of cautious hope, “she was at the Battle of Lochmage as a Captain, and although she injured her shoulder, it does not imped her ability to fight.”
And placed a powerful spell on the castle,
(See the end of the chapter for
John bit down on Sherlock cheeks just as he increased the vibrations, listening to Sherlock fall apart once again, staining the pillow beneath his hips with his release. John leaned up, lying across Sherlock's back and rocking between Sherlock's cheeks, listening to Sherlocks pitiful moans as he clenched his cheeks to help create friction against John's manhood. John groaned deeply, carefully spilling between his lover's cheeks to avoid dripping on the corset in his fervent desire for the younger man.
“Color?” John asked, and heard Sherlock mumble a word sounding like ‘green’ through his orgasmic haze. John the reached down, moving the sweet thong aside once more to prod at the well fucked hole, feeling it clench as John pushed two fingers in and began to rub directly against Sherlock’s sweet stop.
Suddenly, a sharp pain erupted in his side, and John released a pained roar, losing his grip on the balcony and beginning to tip backwards.
The trousers and shirts hid what was truly there well, John thought, and as Sherlock turned bashfully to the side, John could see the trousers did very little to expose the magnificence of her arse.
But she was mistaken.
John nodded, and held Sherlock closer, marveling in the beauty that he was.
Sherlock jumped from the bed in a flurry, throwing on his dressing gown and throwing open the door, beginning his trek to the West Wing.
Even to him.
birthday. Cruel bastard.
Sherlock sighed and cuddled closer, the two men feeling much calmer.
Lestrade huffed out a nervous-sounding laugh, “honestly, John, get your mind out of the sewer! He is our king, my direct superior; I am not attracted to him.”
Finally, after what felt like an age to Sherlock and far too soon for John, Sherlock felt the tip of the plug being pressed against his slick hole, his body accepting the intrusive object without question to fill the ache left from John’s fingers.
John held his hips, guiding him down until his arse was plush with John’s hips, and Sherlock gave an untested roll to catalogue the sensations. They both moaned, from the extended foreplay and the repressed months of sexual desire, on both of their parts, they recognized this would not last long.
“It depends on whether or not you behave,” John called and sat back, content to watch his detective pout naked in the corner for a while longer before cleaning him off and taking him to bed.
John flushed beneath his fur at the question, and nodded slightly, seeing how Lestrade beamed at him and ushered his newly washed body out of the quickly cooling water.
"I don't care about that. Why do you want me to come tomorrow so badly?" he asks.
"Mum," John cuts her off, laughing. "Can I have a second to breathe, first?"
For the first time in months, Sherlock Holmes falls asleep happy.
John finds Sherlock in his usual position in the library on Monday morning. At first, nothing really seems off.
"You saw. It ripped," Sherlock still won't look at John, who tuts.
"I'm not in your room," Mycroft points out, waving his arms to show he's on the other side of the threshold. There's a pause. "Are you okay?"
"What were you doing?" John wants to know. Sherlock shrugs.
Sherlock chainsmokes all the way home, because fuck his health, it's not like anyone
Victor puts out his cigarette and they both go back inside.
boorish, a little
I see the way you two talk at school. You're good for him, you make him smile. Just promise me you won't let people turn you against him? He needs someone like you in his life."
"Hey, dreamer. Get over here," John's soft voice interrupts his thoughts. Sherlock turns to see John sitting on the edge of his bed, patting the space next to him. Sherlock cautiously moves over and perches beside the blond, who takes his good hand, rubbing his thumb over Sherlock's knuckles. The taller boy swallows and bites his lip, watching the trail of John's digits over his hand. John's other hand comes up under his chin and gently lifts his head until they're looking each other in the eyes. "You alright?"
"Not what people usually say," he mutters.
"Thanks," he mumbles . Sherlock squeezes his hand.
"Hey, how's your hand? Feeling any better yet?" John asks, noticing how Sherlock's been using his right hand a lot more.
"I dunno, nothing else on I suppose. I can change it if you want, or we can put a film on?" John says, but Sherlock waves a dismissive hand.
"Caring isn't an advantage, Sherlock," he mutters it out loud to himself. Even as he's saying it, he's typing out a message to John.
"You have a gorgeous laugh," Sherlock comments, briefly releasing John's hand to light up a cigarette. John's cheeks get warm and he realises he's blushing.
Sherlock
"Like I said, I really don't mind if you are but..." Anderson started up again.
he spends so much time alone. He's obviously very intelligent, and quick off the mark to go with it if what he said in the library is anything to judge by. And, John can't help noticing, he's devastatingly good looking. All alabaster-pale skin and unkempt black curls and silvery blue eyes. And holy crap those
"Is Sherlock your boyfriend now?" Harry's been babbling on since they left the park and John's doing pretty well at ignoring her. "Hey, does this mean you're gay? Do I have a gay brother? This is awesome. Does it mean you're gonna come shopping with me and stuff?"
John takes the two steaming mugs into the front room and sets one in front of Sherlock. The taller boy immediately picks it up, nursing it in his icy fingers, desperately trying to draw some warmth into them. John sits beside him somewhat awkwardly and pats his arm.
"I should go, I suppose. Get Harry fed. I'll see you in the morning," he says.
"Sherlock?" John provided and Anderson waved his hand as if his name didn't really matter.
"Harry, you aren't going to tell your parents about this, are you?" he asks, and she smiles and mimes sealing her lips. "Good girl."
"Thanks," he said. "Now come on. Let's get out of here before we use up all the hot water. Chinese on me?"
There's about five minutes between John sending the text and his phone pinging with a reply.
"Any time, mate," he shrugs. "Any time."
"You should be," Sherlock says, but John can tell he's half-joking. They both laugh though it's not funny at all. When they're done, Sherlock sighs and shifts closer, resting his head on John's shoulder. Without giving it much thought, John places a small kiss on his head and rubs Sherlock's back gently. Sherlock appreciates it and relaxes more agaist John. He sighs deeply. "Are you mad at me?"
"Yeah, yeah, alright," John laughs. "Go wait in the front room and pick a film, alright? I'll bring it through."
"Where did you learn it?" John's eager to know, and Sherlock blinks, looking confused.
They don't even make it as far as the hallway. Sherlock presses John's back against the wall and the smaller boys hands find the buttons of Sherlock's shirt. Seconds later, a rush of air hits Sherlock's skin and he's vaguely aware that his button-down is on the ground near his feet. He finds himself tugging at the hem of John's t-shirt and grumbling when they have to break the kiss to pull it over his head.
It's the class that's boring. The teacher is tedious, the pupils are worse and the course content is positively
Sherlock waltzes into their shared Maths class, last lesson, twenty minutes late. The teacher raises his eyebrows but Sherlock mutters something which he obviously accepts, because he waves the brunette to his seat at the back of the class. He slots in beside John and smiles.
"Yeah," John nods. "Always have. Mum works funny shifts and since Dad's not around any more... well, we spend a lot of time alone together." Sherlock doesn't say anything, and it takes John a second to realise how that might have sounded. "And... I mean, we're really close in age too, she's only two years younger than me. Not even that, actually, a year and a bit, so up until now we've always been at the same school at the same time and..."
John is waved to sit down in the front room, where Sherlock is dialling the number for their favourite Chinese place. They order from there too much, Sherlock realises, as the woman on the other end of the line reels their usual order off to him immediately after he gives the delivery address. He chuckles, thinking they should probably eat more healthily. Or at least widen their range of takeout places.
"You've had that fag lit for nearly five minutes now and you're just letting it burn out," John points out.  "You never light cigs without smoking them. Something's bothering you. What is it?"
"That'd be nice," Sherlock agrees, with a wide grin.
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Sherlock slams the paper down, startling John into shuffling a pace backwards. "This is getting so
"No," Harry folds her arms across her chest. "It's after midnight, why is Sherlock here? You
It's cause for some concern - generally, Sherlock arrives at an ungodly hour, before the school is even technically open. But the librarian, Mr-Lestrade-but-call-me-Greg is always there at an even more ridiculous hour, coming in at stupid-o'clock to make sure Sherlock has somewhere to go when he arrives at the crack of dawn. He doesn't even look up from his computer screen when John walks in and he says "Morning Sherlock."
"Sounds like a plan," Sherlock grins, following John out of the shower and along to his bedroom. They both dry off and redress - or, rather, they blast each other in the face with the hairdryer a few times and laugh and kiss and wrestle in their underwear for ten minutes.
"That means you have," she looks smug and John shakes his head.
"He mostly just calls you a cunt and says he wants to be nowhere near you, to be honest," John confesses.
"Thanks, dear, I try," Sherlock smiles and winks at him and John can't help smiling back. He punches the taller boy very gently on the shoulder.
"I'll see you at school," Sherlock smiles.
John waits until Sherlock has vanished past the end of the street before he shuts the door and goes to bed himself.
"Great," Sherlock smiles and slips his hand into John's. He doesn't show it but he's secretly thrilled that John's so casual about holding his hand in public. They keep their fingers linked the whole way home and Sherlock's glad because, despite the sub-zero temprature, John's hands are warm and his own fingers feel like icicles. He doesn't talk as much as usual on the homeward journey, just smokes and stares straight ahead, letting John talk rather than actually listening to him. He's lost in a train of thought. When Mycroft had left his room last night, he'd thrown something of a tantrum and pulled posters down and thrown pillows around and played The Sex Pistols on top volume to drown out the bangs and yells. Eventually he'd crashed out and fallen asleep on the bed, minus duvet and pillows. He didn't hear anyone come in, but when he woke up he had a pillow under his head and a blanket covering him. The only sign that anyone had been there at all was the old book of handwritten Captain Sherlock stories, open on his bedside table.
"You look..." John tries to put it tactfully. "Tired."
"I'm sorry, babe," he says. "I would, you know I would. But..."
An opportunity arises on a Friday, when they follow their newly-developed routine of going to Sherlock's place to get a start on their weekend work. John's been invited to a party at the weekend, a guy from Chemistry that he's gotten quite pally with by the name of Mike Stamford. He's one of the very few people in the school who seems to take no issue with Sherlock Holmes. He refuses to get involved in any kind of gossip, saying that it's none of his business, but he has no personal reason to dislike the guy, which John respects.
"No. What
to him. And it certainly wasn't because John's
True to their routine, the pair meet in the library again the following morning.
"And for the record, Shez. I love you, too," he calls. Sherlock pauses for a split second, and then continues on his way, thinking one thing only as he heads back to his car.
"If you're just friends, why do you kiss him?" she wants to know, and John rubs the bridge of his nose.
"Why?" she asks her head on one side.
"Hello, darling," his mother breezes across the room, in that way that she does, and stretches to kiss him on the cheek.
John can't believe it.
"And?" she presses. "Does he have a name?"
"Look, I do not fancy Sherlock Holmes, alright?" John said, starting to get pissed off now. "I'm straight, and nobody is going to change that. Not Sherlock or anybody else."
"He's not with you?" he says, and John shakes his head.
"Not sure. I'll let you know as soon as I work it out," he knows how unwise it is to cheek his father, but Sherlock's never been particularly wise. "Can I leave now? I need a cigarette."
What happened between you?"
"He fancies himself as a doctor, doesn't he?" Mycroft asks. "Did he strap up your hand?" He nods at Sherlock's right hand, dangling by his side. He's smoking with his left, but he's always been more or less ambidextrous with cigarettes  so it's not neccesarily a hinderance. Sherlock nods and Mycroft holds his hand out expectantly. With a sigh, Sherlock passes his hand over muttering for his brother to be gentle. Mycroft inspects the bandages carefully, then shrugs.
It's amazing to John how one tiny kiss could change that.
"I mean... Sherlock is though, right? Gay, I mean," Ronnie said, and John frowned.
"Why did you take Chemistry if it bores you?" John asks, confused.
It was a plan he came up with on the spot - and a sloppy plan at that. Pretending that Jim is his boyfriend might stop him falling any further for John. Might make John back off a little bit with the things that are almost flirting. Besides, it was easier than confessing that Jim is his dealer, and Sherlock was too coked out on Saturday to remember if he left the bruises behind on purpose or not.
"He really is," he agrees. "Taught me how to do it, actually. Never quite got the hang of it as well as he seemed to."
Sherlock doesn't hang around for John after school on Friday.
suprising is that you'd bring a boy back here for sex when anybody could walk in," Mycroft's voice is as level and even as Sherlock's.
"Not another Bond movie," Sherlock groans. "They're so
sorry," he whispers. "Sherlock... mate...babe... look at me." Sherlock hesitates, but obliges, and John pushes curls off of the tall boys forehead. "I'm going too fast, aren't I? Look. I'm not put off by being your first. If anything, it's more endearing. We'll take it slow, yeah? At
"Not ready?" John provides. "That's alright. It's fine. Your pace, remember?"
"No reason," John replies. "Just curious."
"Oi," John's snapping fingers bring Sherlock back to reality. "Earth to Holmes? Are you with us?"
His best friend. Practically his brother. He shouldn’t think about him that way.
"Yeah, I know. But they're not you, are they?" John says. "Come on. I want you there. Please."
"Just remembered. I have a ton of work to do for Psychology that I haven't even started yet," he says, not looking Sherlock in the eyes. "I'd best get home and finish it."
"Um... no. Sorry," Sherlock says, giving John's hand an apologetic squeeze. "I was miles away. What were you saying?"
"Oh? How so?" Sherlock asks, and if John didn't know him better he'd say he was flirting.
As soon as he enters the house, he's engulfed by two strong, slightly sweaty arms and greeted with a familiar, grinning face. Mike Stamford is a talkative, slightly plump boy with a cracking sense of humour and not a bad word to say about anybody. He's one of a few people John is truly glad to have met; they got talking when seated next to each other in History, where they discovered they both had intentions to become doctors later in life. He's everybody's mate, and the party shows it; there's barely room to breathe in the lounge, lest you bump into the person next to you.
"Dunno," John says.
"They natter on while they change," John shrugs. "It's like being stuck in a room full of old women, sometimes."
cold. He's really bundled up, wearing a tee-shirt and two jumpers underneath his coat as well as a full hat-scarf-and-gloves ensemble. Harry laughed at him this morning, said he looked daft in the stripy scarf and bobbly hat, and he's damn glad he didn't listen too her now. He huddles further down, bringing his shoulders up in an effort to keep his ears warm.
"Oh?" the boy looks taken aback. "What do they usually say?"
Sherlock like he does. They just
"Me too," he agrees, taking a long drag and blowing the smoke out in rings because he knows Victor finds it impressive.
“I know,” the taller boy replies, and he can’t bring himself to open his eyes to look at John. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”
"No," Sherlock sighs.
It stopped when Sherlock was seven, Mycroft fourteen. The elder started to spend more time with their father, distance himself from his brother. With in a year he was treating Sherlock the way their dad did; ignoring his existence most of the time, talking down to him when conversation was absolutely necessary. Still, Sherlock sat awake at night, staying up as long as he could in hopes that Mycroft would be along and they could play cars or dinosaurs or pirates or soldiers. He never came. Sherlock tried to soothe himself to sleep, tried to make up his own Captain Sherlock stories, but they were never as good as Mycroft's. And they always ended with Captain Sherlock's crew mutyinying, his first mate Mike turning his back on the Captain and stranding him on a desert island with no food or fresh water.
"Okay. Alright ," John says, turning his eyes back to his worksheet. It's only then that he notices that Sherlock hasn't even got his pen or his book out. John looks at him, confused. Sherlock always at least
"John? What does this make us?" Sherlock asks, and John squirms a little uncomfortably.
It's still the middle of the night when Sherlock wakes up.
He doesn't sound so sure about it, but John doesn't comment because he's learned that Sherlock is stubborn as a mule and there's no point in arguing with him. He glances out of the window towards the house.
Harry comes home when the three of them are watching TV and having a cup of tea in the lounge.
here, freak? Nobody wants you here any more, not after-"
"No. It doesn't. Because if you really must know, I haven't," John clears his throat.
"Ah," John says. Sherlock hates his whole family, John knows, but his mum is the exception. He adores her, practically worships the ground she walks on. John swallows. "Well. You did say you were gonna stop using... stuff months ago."
"Sherlock," John sighs. "Don't be daft. Look, it's your first time. You're bound to be nervous. If it's any consolotion, it's my first time with a bloke. I'm nervous too. I'm not disappointed. I'm totally happy to go at whatever speed feels right for you, alright? Just let it all come naturally."
"Like you care," he mutters.
John's in luck, though, and Sherlock doesn't appear to be at school that day. It's not unusual, really; Sherlock often skips the lessons he deems 'boring', which is the majority of them. Still, John's worried that Sherlock is upset or offended and it's his fault. That's the last thing he wants. He shrouds it well under a mask of indifference, but Sherlock's a wreck and John knows it. He doesn't want to cause his friend any more emotional grief. He just wants him to be happy. That's what the kiss was about, he tells himself. He just wanted to make Sherlock feel better. Make him happy, like he said he feels when he's with John. It wasn't because John's
"Well even if I was, it wouldn't matter to me if you 'minded' or not," John said. "But that's beside the point. I'm straight."
"No less than usual," Sherlock takes a sip of the tea. It burns his tongue, but he doesn't flinch.
"Plans with who?" John is confused. Sherlock doesn't have any other friends at school, and he's not mentioned any outside.
"Listen, mate. Whatever he's done, just forget about it and forget about him," he says. "He's not worth it. You're bloody brilliant, you are. A lot better than any of this lot, and you shouldn't take any of their shit because you're too good for them."
