Sherlock immediately picked up John’s discarded bag and moved it over to the sofa, feeling the need to do
An experiment. Odd thing to be doing late on a Friday night. John figured that meant the man was definitely a scientist. Of course, his fears about SH being far too old for him were starting to become uncomfortably prevalent.
Twelve minutes ticked by. John knew that because he kept obsessively checking his phone every thirty seconds. Christ, he really had gone too far. He should have just listened to that voice in his head telling him to back off, but he’d never been very good at doing that. And now he’d probably ruined things. He sent a quick,
John frowned down at his phone. He wondered if this was SH’s subtle way of pushing him toward a career doing post-mortems rather than enlisting.
The next time he woke, he felt slightly better, though it seemed that the nausea had been exchanged for a bone-deep fatigue. It was dark and quiet outside in a way that indicated the early hours of the morning.
[1:34AM] Oh, so it’s my fault that I’m doing my work by myself? I asked you multiple times to work with me instead of going off to war, and you’re the one that left, John. I would have been happy to be safer in my work, but you left. SH
Suddenly strong arms were wrapped around his neck from behind. Sherlock jumped a bit, not having heard John get up from his chair, but almost immediately relaxed back into his partner.
At about the same time, Sherlock discovered pirates. His parents had given him a book that told him all about a pirate named Blackbeard.  Sherlock decided that he would be a pirate when he grew up, and he took to wearing an eye-patch he had crafted out of one of his father’s socks.
Sherlock might have kissed John right then for that insight had he not been so preoccupied by the uncomfortable knowledge that John would likely read tales of his own past usage on his arms at some point. He mentally scolded himself for even bothering to imagine a scenario in which John would see his torso partially unclothed and did his best to shut off all similar avenues of thought. He needed to get it together.
“So how long have you two been dating?” Murray asked Sherlock. “John’s been really private about you. It must be serious.” He winked, and John ducked his head down, mortified at Sherlock hearing that John thought this was serious.
They stood there for a moment longer, staring at one another. Sherlock had no idea what was going on, but John didn’t seem to be offended anymore, and he counted that as a success. Still, he worried that if he spoke again, he would end up saying something else seemingly innocuous that would upset John, so he merely walked over to the kitchen table and sat down there, where he flipped through one of his books about bees and tried to keep silent.
John worried about the answer. If SH turned out to be older than thirty, this little half-crush might be unworthy of future pursuits. That would certainly be disappointing.
Mycroft paused again, and it felt like he was doing it on purpose just to give John time to doubt his own statement. “Has Sherlock told you about our parents?”
After what felt like years of John being stuck in hospital in another country, he was finally fit enough to come home, and Sherlock wasn’t entirely certain what was going to happen when John returned. They had argued over text shortly before John was shot, and then after that, Sherlock had been told that John was dead, only to be informed by John himself that that was not the case. John had said that they were still boyfriends, but Sherlock wasn’t sure if that would stick. Now that John was no longer reliant on painkillers to keep him comfortably conscious, his thoughts might be slightly different on the matter. Sherlock could only do whatever he could to make him seem like a more desirable boyfriend now than he’d been in the past.
“We really need to work on your ability to whisper,” John said between giggles. “Did you see her face when you deduced her illegitimate child?”
Everyone else seemed to be confused, and Donovan looked downright shocked. Her whole purpose had been to humiliate Sherlock in front of John, and now it seemed that her plan was backfiring.
Sherlock felt his stomach swoop a bit. “Are you going to give me your number?” he asked, trying to sound casual and not too eager.
Sherlock’s expression looked a bit pinched, and John had no idea what caused that. He didn’t get the chance to ask, even though he knew by now that Sherlock wouldn’t want to talk about it even if he had asked. “Yes, well, I’m not sure observing rugby men is necessarily ‘normal,’ so sorry to disappoint you on that front,” was the response Sherlock offered.
Sherlock was confused beyond belief, but he didn’t want to say anything to draw attention to the fact that John was reacting strangely. He was inherently selfish, and he wanted to keep this for as long as possible.  “Oh,” was all he seemed able to say.  Luckily, John seemed to find that charming, as he kept smiling over at Sherlock.
John nodded again. “Yeah, and from what Lestrade said when he stopped by earlier, he’s pretty much confessed to the murders. No way he’s getting out.”
Sherlock cleared their throat. “So, just to clarify, you don’t want me to go back to my home planet?” they asked.
John had rolled his eyes, but his smile had still been in place. “The point is to woo you, smart arse,” he’d said. “Let me do that, yeah?”
should eat? Sherlock, have you seen yourself? You weigh less than when we first met. I could probably pick you up with one hand—which would be convenient, because I don’t know how long it’ll be before I can pick you up properly.”
John quirked an eyebrow up and thankfully looked amused rather than horrified. “Spot on, as always,” he said with a small smile. “I’ll have to give more consideration to moving in, obviously, but I’d love to come up.”
John’s expression contorted in sympathy.  He rubbed his thumb along the back of Sherlock’s hand, clearly attempting to soothe him.  “Too soon for endearments?  Sorry. It just sort of slipped out.”
He shuddered and struggled to keep himself under control. “Er, no, not really. Not to brag, but I am a bit bigger than normal.” Sherlock licked their lips, and John groaned. “Fuck, your
He forgot all about his own body as soon as John’s was revealed. “Oh,” he breathed, eyes going wide as he took in the sight before him. John was…big. Bigger than average, certainly, and thicker, too. Sherlock’s mouth watered. He needed that inside of him.
sake, I suggest you never contact me again.” He slammed the phone down. His heart was racing. Someone knew about Sherlock. Someone very creepy and obviously very powerful knew about Sherlock. John didn’t like that.
Sherlock suddenly felt quite faint.  He had always prided himself on being aloof in the face of comments from others, but even he couldn’t prevent the blush that rose to his cheeks at John’s words. He could only hope that it was minimal enough to not register to John’s less observant eyes.  God, he was an embarrassment.  “I—I mean, I don’t know if I’d say that, but I do see you at the library quite often.”
Sherlock scrunched their nose. “I don’t like my bedroom. It’s on an entirely different floor than yours.”
Although John hadn’t been moving much before, after that comment, he froze completely. Even the air around him seemed to come to a halt. When he started moving again, it was mainly to look down at his feet and then back up at Sherlock, as if checking to see if the man was actually there in front of him. “How could you possibly know that?” he asked.
John frowned. “Well, generally, that’s sort of the overall goal for a lot of people. They like to settle down and get married, but they don’t usually just…you know, with one person.”
The higher-ranking officer scoffed. “You’re not doing anything like that,” he countered. “The scene hasn’t been cleared yet. We’ve got no confirmation that a murder occurred. This is a Fire Brigade matter. We haven’t even let the coppers in on it yet.”
.  He proceeded to go after that particular player with a focused sort of revenge. And, god, he looked incredible when he was angry.  Sherlock felt rather overheated.   He even went so far as to roll up his shirtsleeves.  He then forced himself to concentrate very hard on keeping
Sherlock took advantage of their new position and pulled John down into a deep kiss. John obliged him (of course he did; John had never once denied Sherlock a kiss) and began steadily doing away with Sherlock’s clothing. John seemed to enjoy having Sherlock entirely naked from the start of their sexual encounters, with his own nudity being secondary. It had been a bit uncomfortable the first few times, as Sherlock had never quite felt so on display for someone else, but he had quickly discovered that John’s gaze was predatory, complimentary, never degrading.
Sherlock couldn’t quite get his mind to cooperate with him. He had no idea how to respond, and he couldn’t even begin to think of words to string together. He ought to be better at such things by this stage in his life. He was twenty-four and should have been prepared to handle hot military repairmen standing in his flat, smirking at him, looking so unbearably handsome.
John shook his head. He ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair again. “No, love. I don’t want you to go. I was being an idiot. I thought you wanted to leave here, and I should have asked you about it instead.”
God, he was a sap. He was going to get them a dog immediately if this was the reaction Sherlock had to being around them. He’d have to plant some bee-friendly flowers in the small box outside their new flat’s window as well. He wanted Sherlock to look this happy every day for the rest of their lives.
Sherlock apparently couldn’t help but smile in return. “I merely observed.” They recounted all the little details about John—the memory of his cane, his tan, the old mobile that had an inscription for someone called Harry Watson (his
Sherlock rolled their eyes and shoveled another bite of pasta into their mouth. “Obviously, John. Do you think my species would look even remotely like yours if we didn’t have similar diets?”
John was still smiling. He leaned forward and kissed Sherlock sweetly on the nose. “Now we move into the bathroom so that I can finally fix your shower,” he said.
Sherlock spotted him from across the room. A lone figure sitting at one of the two-person tables at the library’s centre. Hair turned golden in the light from the windows, dark eyes of an indeterminate colour, fit torso clad in a rugby jacket. Sherlock bit his lip. The man looked to be about three years older, putting him at twenty-three years of age. The books he had scattered about the table indicated that he was studying medicine. There was no confusion or stress in his expression, no tightness around the eyes or mouth, so it was clear that he understood the material enough to ensure that his grade was not in danger. Clothes were well-worn but generic enough to not be out of style yet. Books were bought used, obviously. Very used, judging by the wear of the covers. Not well-off, then; on scholarship, most likely. He was captain of the university’s rugby team, according to the large white ‘C’ that had been embroidered on the sleeve of his jacket. Sherlock suddenly sorely regretted never attending rugby matches, though that had as much to do with the fact he hadn’t known the school had a rugby team as it had to do with his general disinterest in sports.
Sherlock nodded, still smiling. “That’s the hope.” He made his way into his bedroom to grab his coat. The weather was warm, but he liked to have it on him regardless when he went out. He slipped it on and was distantly aware of the fact that John had abandoned his attempts to fix the shower in favour of following him.
Sherlock just stared at John, blinking, for thirty full seconds before he got himself together enough to nod.
This continued for the next few days. John would ask if Sherlock would like to join him, and Sherlock would cite some excuse about needing to do something else. They never responded when John questioned them about it. Indeed, they remained wrapped up in their head so often that they barely spoke to John at all.
The soldier-turned-handyman exited the cab first when they pulled up outside of a brightly lit bar called Vitality, and Sherlock was grateful that at least John had let him pay for the fare, even if he had so steadfastly refused compensation for his services.
Sherlock’s cheeks heated a bit. John wanted to show him off. This was such a dramatic change from what he had been expecting that his entire equilibrium seemed to be thrown off.
John wasn’t sure if Sherlock’s bedroom being on an entirely different floor was the cause of concern for the alien, or if that last bit had merely been an unrelated piece of information. “Well, you can’t sleep in here, and you can’t keep coming in here and waking me up.” As much as John liked the idea of Sherlock sharing his bed, he knew that it would merely make his attachment to them all the more obvious, and that would in turn drive them away more quickly.
Sherlock didn’t need to be worried about that for very long, though. John almost immediately started kissing back, only pulling away when he tried to raise his injured arm to wrap around Sherlock’s neck.
John kissed his forehead and moved so that they were as physically close as two people could be sitting side-by-side on a sofa. “And it’ll be my honour to do that.”
Sherlock tried to put on his usual air of haughty indifference, but it was difficult to manage when his cheeks were red and he was breathless. “All your clothes are still on, so I’d say this isn’t moving
The owner of the shop approached him, and John prepared himself to be kicked out for loitering for too long. Instead, though, the man said, “¿Su nombre es John Watson?”
The reply came surprisingly quickly, as if SH had been crafting it since he had sent his first message.
John smiled down at his phone. He was willing to bet that Sherlock was kicking himself for not making that deduction earlier just for the sake if impressing John.
John tugged on his hand and led him out the door. “For now, let’s just focus on getting through one more round of this, and then we’ll go home so I can shag you in our bed.”
“Oh, no, don’t go into that line,” they said, steering John away from the cashier’s line he’d been aiming for. “That man is cheating on his wife, and he’d probably overcharge you for something to get more money to carry out his affairs.”
“We were talking about the status of our relationship, and you said, ‘I would prefer it if no one else new about this for now,’ and I said, ‘That’s fine,’ and then we went into the library to do some work, and—” Now Sherlock was the one frowning. The memory was there, but it wasn’t quite right. John simply let him think his way through it. “Oh,” he said after a long moment. “The library. But we don’t have a library.”
God, he was getting hard already, especially now with John pressed up against him and kissing him with that level of forceful passion. He hadn’t had an orgasm in six months, and he cursed himself for not getting off a bit more during their separation from one another so that he wouldn’t embarrass himself this much in front of John.
Sherlock sprawled dramatically in a chair nearby. John resisted the urge to laugh. “We eat the same foods over and over and over again,” they complained. “I’m going to end up dying of rice and beans.”
“Incredible,” John said, loving the way Sherlock’s skin seemed to glow again after every compliment. He hoped that people would simply assume it was a trick of the lighting. “How did you learn to pick up on all of that?”
“Pleasure to meet you, Sherlock Holmes,” John said, and he again was smirking that smirk that made Sherlock’s knees weak. “I think I’m about done in there.” He tilted his head in the direction of the kitchen.
Yes. Bedroom. They would be able to do so much more in the bedroom. He at least had lubricant in there. He shivered at the thought of all they could do with that. This certainly wasn’t moving fast enough. He shoved at John, urging him to get up. John did so with noticeable confusion but didn’t seem concerned that the events of the night were stopping. Good. Sherlock didn’t want John to worry about that. He pushed himself up from the sofa and said, “This way,” before walking down the hall toward his room. He felt unsure of himself right then. It was easy when they were pressed together, but walking together was strange. Should he have been holding John’s hand? Should he have been giving John more space? He really didn’t know.
John’s smile was less pained this time, softness lingering where discomfort had previously been. “You really have been worried about me.”
John laughed at his embarrassment. “Nope,” he replied cheerily. “You said Horne had called you ‘baby’ and you didn’t like it, and you asked me if I would do it.”
There was a snuffling from behind them, and they both turned around to see a bloodhound sniffing Sherlock’s shoes.
,” he said as he pulled back, turning away from John as he assessed the crime scene once more, looking for any trace of the killer, now that he knew the background of the person responsible.
That weekend, Sherlock struggles to find something to distract himself from thoughts of John, and he finds more than he could have ever hoped for.
As soon as Sherlock reached out to take it, John’s newly free hand came up to rest on his hip.  Sherlock nearly choked on the sip he’d taken, startled beyond belief at the contact. They were in public. John was touching him.
John woke up the following morning feeling warmer and more comfortable than he had in quite some time, and he knew it was all because of Sherlock. Physically that was true, of course, because Sherlock hadn’t moved from his position curled up half on top of John during the night, but it was also true in a more abstract sense as well. He couldn’t believe that he was this happy because of a wrong number weeks prior. It was so unlikely that they met, and he wasn’t sure how he would have handled never knowing Sherlock. Not that they knew each other very well, of course, but it still seemed
It took nearly a full minute for the haze to clear itself from his mind. He dropped his leg back down to the floor and grimaced as the mess in his pants shifted against his sensitive skin.
Thanks for reading!  Comments/kudos are always appreciated, and keep an eye out for the third and final chapter on Tuesday!
[5:05PM] I just did a bit of reading on an army wives’ website, and there was some discussion amongst the women there that they were concerned about that sort of thing. SH
John smiled at him.  “Ready to go? I’ve got reservations for us at that Italian place down the street.”  His brow furrowed.  “Or do you not like Italian? Shit, I probably should have asked you, right?  We can go somewhere else if you want.  Indian, maybe? Thai?”
When John finally trudged up the stairs, Sherlock was grateful that he’d had time to mentally prepare for this moment; otherwise, he might have collapsed into John’s arms on sight.
John smiled widely and nodded. “Yeah, definitely. I think you could really be good at that detective business.”
“That’s enough, Murray. I’m still your supervisor, and you’ll let this man into the flat. Make sure he doesn’t get himself killed.” And Sherlock could practically hear the smile in those words.
John pulled his hand back, and Sherlock took it as a sign of how wretched he was feeling that he was almost grateful for the lack of touch, as it had made his skin prickle a bit uncomfortably. John’s other hand held a glass of water, and he pressed it forward. “Drink up,” the man said.
In that moment, John was such an embodiment of Sherlock’s every sexual desire that he felt a bit light-headed, and perhaps because of that, the rest of the evening passed in a blur.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “I remember waking up and seeing you a few times, and before that…” He looked over at John, a slight smile on his lips now. “I remember you beating up that man for me.”
“My boyfriend thinks I’m interesting,” John said in a sing-song voice, enjoying this banter with Sherlock, who was indeed his boyfriend, a fact which everyone would soon know, he was sure.
Sherlock managed to hold out for one week. In those seven days, he kept himself busy by taking a number of private cases. He was still starting out his career, and while some cases did seem to be too boring to warrant his investigative skills, he was trying to build up his reputation and couldn’t afford to be too picky. Beyond that, it was really very difficult to turn people away when they included lines like, “You’re really the only hope I have,” in their emails to him. So he kept busy, taking every case of petty theft and runaway spouse the he was offered, but eventually his expedience caught up with the number of messages in his inbox, and he was left without any way to occupy himself once more.
“You’re forgetting something,” Sherlock muttered, trying to distract from his embarrassment. He plucked at John’s jumper, not really bothering to try getting it off, merely pointing out that it was still on.
Yes, fine.  I’ll bring him along on a case next time he’s back.  He’ll certainly be more useful than Anderson.
Sherlock didn’t seem capable of giving a coherent reply just then and instead reached back with one arm to try to pull John back down to where he had been before.
The alien seemed to grow frustrated when John didn’t respond as expected before appearing to realise that it wasn’t John that was making the noise. They shuffled forward into the kitchen and tried whistling back at the kettle, but when the pitch of the answering sound never varied, they became noticeably agitated.
, John thought. He might have been entirely off about the age thing. Instead of being too old for him, SH might actually be too young, leaving
After that round, they both stood up to leave, reaching an unspoken agreement that they were going to spend the rest of the night by themselves. Lestrade patted them on the back and awkwardly mumbled something about being proud of them. John smiled at him, glared at Donovan, and took Sherlock’s hand on his own before they finally walked out of the pub.
John rarely put very much effort into his dates. That was mainly because he was frankly never all that sold on his dates to begin with, and taking someone out was generally just a prelude to sex in his current stage of life. Most people his age, he’d decided, just weren’t captivating enough to make him want anything more than that.
With the appearance of being a compassionate mate, the man led Sherlock outside, where the fresh air seemed to dampen the effect of the drug to a small degree. He stumbled slightly as he removed himself from the stranger’s side.
Sherlock considered it.  He generally did not enjoy taking time out of his day to go to sporting events, let alone sporting events followed by sports teams’ parties.  Still, this would be a rugby game, in which John would get sweaty and would tackle people and would generally look
As soon as Sherlock heard the door shut, confirming that he and John were alone, he snapped the case file closed and grinned. “A serial killer,” he said excitedly, pacing around that confined space as much as possible. “Always love one of those, and this one is so
There's like some minor angst in this toward the end, but I promise this will be resolved in the next chapter!
John waited patiently as Sherlock conducted a thorough examination of the bees, studying them with an intensity that was often reserved for more macabre puzzles. John was surprised that Sherlock hadn’t pulled a notebook out of their suit jacket to take notes, but he supposed that Sherlock’s mind probably served as a notebook in itself.
John was still smiling at him in that ridiculously charming way. “That thing you did with Wilkes and his friends today—that was incredible.  How did you figure out all that stuff about them?”
And yet, his stomach turned as he conjured up Sherlock’s expression just before he’d left—so full of disappointment, pain, sadness. John felt like a monster for putting that look there, even if he didn’t know what he’d done to make it happen.
“Surnames mean family units, and I’ve already told you that those are close to nonexistent back home.”
John finished repairing the flat approximately two hours later, during which time Sherlock had essentially finished reading his favourite bits of his book. This time, he didn’t allow himself to be caught off-guard and instead immediately pulled out his wallet.
“I’ve never been drunk before,” Sherlock explained.  “I want to make sure I remember what it feels like.”
I got on tumblr for John coming back from the army on leave to Sherlock for a little while!  I was going to do John's entire leave in one chapter but I had to break it up for my own sanity while writing it.
Sherlock took automatic steps backward until he felt his back hit the wall, effectively trapping him in that confined space with John, entirely uncertain of what was to come.
She hadn’t.  She smacked him in the arm, a grin in place on her features.  “Oh, my god,” she whispered.  “I can’t believe you’ve got the hots for John Watson!”
In order to keep himself from going mad, Sherlock had analysed every crime that had shown up in the papers for the last three days.  Unfortunately, there weren’t many, and the police had evidently done their jobs properly on the majority of them.  There was one case, though, that Sherlock thought he could offer input on.  He called in an anonymous tip, knowing that NSY wouldn’t take him seriously if he went down there in person.  (He had tried, and they had laughed him out of the room, even though he had been right.)
was occasionally riddled with underlying fact). It was a small thing. More of a pod than a proper ship. Its exterior was a bit battered, but judging by the amount of trees that had been taken down in the crash, the material it was built out of must have been strong.
, he reminded himself. He was looking for a book on biochemistry by Maureen Talbot. He scanned the books in front of him, not entirely sure where he should be looking. He had long since deleted knowledge of a library’s organisational system to make room for more interesting data. As it was, it took him eighteen minutes to locate the book he needed, which was an embarrassingly long amount of time for someone who prided himself on being clever.
He was so absorbed in jotting down the relevant information in his notebook that he didn’t even notice that anyone had approached his table until someone cleared their throat from above him.
As they waited for John and Lestrade to finish their showers, Sherlock tried to ensure that he still looked presentable.  He smoothed his hair down and did the same with his shirt. He wondered if Molly had a mirror on hand.  That would have certainly been useful right then.
Mrs. Hudson tutted as she brought a tray of tea and biscuits over to the coffee table. “You’re not dying, dear,” she told him. “You just need a nice case. That’ll cheer you right up.”
Sparing Sebastian only a brief glance, Sherlock said, “Your girlfriend is cheating on you, and you had a sex dream last night about your best mate. Good day.”  He couldn’t quite verify that either claim was true, but the indignant sputtering he heard behind him suggested that he was right on at least one of those points.  Good. That ought to keep Seb off his back for a bit.
Sherlock smiled properly then, expression open for the first time in days, and John so desperately wanted to kiss them. It struck him at that point that perhaps he really could. Sherlock seemed to like the idea of a relationship developing between them, so kissing might be allowed. He licked his lips and lifted his hand up to cup Sherlock’s cheek, at which Sherlock let out a high
John sighed and rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock’s arm in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. “We really don’t need to do anything tonight.”
“I want to,” Sherlock responded immediately, meeting John’s gaze. He kissed the scar again before moving his lips to other parts of John’s chest, trailing his lips reverently across every bit of skin.
Sherlock glanced over to where John typically sat.  Sarah was still there, clearly trying to pretend like she wasn’t watching the two of them interact.  Nearly all of the other tables in the room were empty. None of this was making sense.
He prepared himself to be bored to tears for the remainder of the evening, only to find that everyone was already gathering their things and preparing to leave. John pocketed his phone, surprised at how painless that all had been, save for the end bit.
She didn’t, but the husband did. The idiots at the Yard are so slow that they let him try to strangle me for nearly a full minute before they managed to pull him off.
They were both leaning up against a wall for support, but Sherlock still felt unsteady in the face of John’s words.  His cheeks heated, though whether that was from the drink or from the apparent compliment, he couldn’t tell.  “Yes, well, I suppose I’ve always been lacking the right company until now,” he murmured.
The creature merely scampered up the tree a little higher, and the monkeys jumped over to the next tree to avoid the intrusion, howling relentlessly all the while. The man in the tree tried howling back at them, but the howlers continued hopping trees until they were on the other side of the river. The man stared after them with awe in his expression, seemingly enraptured by the movement of the animals.
He briefly considered sending Molly into the library to fetch it for him, but he dismissed the thought as being ridiculous.  He shouldn’t have been scared off of an entire building just because he was embarrassed about what had happened with John. What
Stamford stumbled towards the two of them, and John immediately reached out to steady his friend. “Had a bit too much to drink there?” he asked, taking in the obvious inebriation on his ineffective wingman.
About a week later, John was struck with the impulse to text SH again. Well, fine, it had actually been a constant impulse since their first conversation had ended, but it was only a week later that he finally had a proper excuse to do it.
Luckily, the match started, and he was spared from any further conversation. As with the last match he had attended, John looked incredibly while playing.  At one point, a member of the opposing team elbowed John in the gut. It had apparently been fairly painful, because when John had recovered his breath, he looked
John had difficulty thinking of any other questions, though he knew there were many, but Sherlock apparently didn’t have that problem.
John was shit at talking about things like this, so instead of even trying, he said, “It’s nearly dinner time. Hungry?”
Victor would invite him over, always under the guise of helping one another study (Sherlock was clever enough to be taking advanced courses), and he taught Sherlock all about carnal pleasure.  They never went very far, as Sherlock was still largely terrified of all of that.
Sherlock supposed he could deal with that. He quickly divested himself of his own trousers and pants, only slightly self-conscious about John seeing him totally naked. He was perfectly average in size, so he was sure he had no need to be embarrassed, but, of course, he had never been this exposed in front of someone else in recent years.
Sherlock seemed fascinated by this subject, in spite of John’s awkwardness. “That’s how my people are. With the sex, that is. And there are rarely any pair bonds between two individuals exclusively. It’s very much a society in which people mate to increase their fitness.”
about him. It was so ridiculously sweet. He’d been scared that something would happen to John overseas. “You’re going to be in just as much danger here if you keep solving murders for Scotland Yard,” he pointed out, tone gentle.
And then John was kissing him gently, his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and the press of their lips the only points of contact between them. John paused the kiss only to lean back and strip off his own shirt, and he tried to resume it immediately. Sherlock, though, was a bit too distracted to kiss back after that.
Sherlock didn’t understand what had happened, and he hated not understanding these things. He needed to have some grasp of them if he hoped to keep up with John.
John glanced over him and, though Sherlock was slender, he didn’t seem unhealthily so. “Well, that’s what I’m here for,” he said with a smile. “Boyfriends feed one another up and all that.”
Eventually, John pulled back, his fingers drifting down Sherlock’s stomach until they reached the waistband of his pants. Sherlock felt a nervous thrill run through him, but he nodded, and John was soon tugging his pants down and off, tossing them off the bed to join the rest of Sherlock’s crumpled clothes.
After that, there was no trace of any of the softness of their earlier kisses. No, from that point on, it was pure, carnal passion. John gripped his wrists in one hand like he’d done on the sofa and propped one of Sherlock’s legs on his good shoulder. He used his other hand to brace himself above the other man as he pounded into him. John set a fast, brutal rhythm that left Sherlock positively howling at every brush against his prostate. John’s every breath was punctuated with, “
The man in question looked up to see what had horrified her. He grimaced when he caught sight of the sink, on the verge of overflowing.
I’ve moved since you last saw me. Got a nice spot in central London. There’s a second bedroom, even.
After that, dinner went relatively smoothly while they ordered food and ate it. John hardly cared about Sherlock leaving a good impression on any of his teammates. All that mattered was that Sherlock saw that John didn’t mind them being seen in public together. That meant that it was going to be a relatively low-stress night for him. And indeed it was, right up until someone asked Sherlock what he wanted to do after university.
John ordered a whiskey, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. He would have to get John to actually experience life outside of the confines of masculinity and give his taste-buds a break from such unpleasant cocktails.
[6:15AM] Oi. I’m not playing soldier. I’m an actual soldier. I’ve sent you the photos to prove it. JW
John was clearly still hard, his cock a heated reminder of the fact that they weren’t done for the night, and before either of them could say anything, Sherlock began pulling John toward the bedroom.
John squeezed his hand once more before releasing it. “Here we are,” he agreed. “Thank you, Sherlock, for coming out with me tonight.”
And now they were standing outside on the pavement. All of John’s rugby mates had dispersed already, leaving just the two of them. This was always the most awkward part of a date, in John’s opinion. He wasn’t sure if it was going to end here or continue, and he didn’t know whether or not Sherlock would even be comfortable with the latter option.
The rest of the group made to turn back to join up with their colleagues and whatever monkeys they had found.
“Fuck, you’re so hot,” he murmured, breaking away from the kiss. He rolled them over so that Sherlock was on top of him. Sherlock immediately braced his hands against the headboard, while John’s hands came up to grip Sherlock’s arse. He might have worried about going too fast with someone so inexperienced, but Sherlock keened and rocked back into his hands, apparently enjoying it. John used his grip to encourage Sherlock to thrust against him, grinding their hips together in a deliciously pleasurable way. The image of Sherlock riding him like this popped into his head, and he bit back a moan.
Sherlock got over his initial shock quickly enough and typed in his name and number in John’s phone before handing it back.
It started out slow and chaste, as if John knew that he would need time to adjust to the feeling. As soon as he got a bit more comfortable with the kiss, John’s tongue slipped out against his lips and worked its way into his mouth. The kiss still remained relatively slow and sweet until Sherlock heard one of them (him, most likely) making soft, needy sounds into it. After that, John didn’t seem to hold back any longer. He surged forward until Sherlock was sprawled out on his back on the sofa, John braced above him. Capable hands worked their way into Sherlock’s hair, alternating between tugging and petting in a way that made Sherlock glad he was already lying down. There was a heat building inside of him that seemed to correspond with the movement of John’s tongue against his. He was saved from having to figure out what to do with his hands when John reached down and pinned both his wrists above his head with one hand. God, John was good at this. Sherlock let out a high, desperate noise, and he rocked his hips up on instinct, startling another moan out of him when he pressed himself against John.
“Oh, hello,” an older woman from 221A said, smiling pleasantly over at John. “Are you one of Sherlock’s friends?”
Sherlock should have anticipated that there would be some resistance at this crime scene. For the first arson in this investigation, Lestrade hadn’t even gotten the call about a potential murder victim until the body was already in the morgue. Their visits to the scene had taken place long after the fact. This time, though, Lestrade had been notified right away once the body had been located in the flames, and he had called Sherlock in only to find that the firefighters weren’t yet done.
“Sarah,” he said pleasantly, and when he hugged her in greeting, she kissed his cheek. That wasn’t a common form of greeting for people their age unless a romantic relationship was involved.
John stepped between Sherlock and the man.  “‘This one’ will break your fucking arm if you don’t leave him alone
Hours later, he sat in his room, replaying the events of the day in his head for the millionth time. He kept trying to convince himself that this was all for the best. He’d be enlisted in a few years, and he didn’t need for the two of them to get attached to one another just to be ripped apart. Really, this was the easiest possible option for both parties involved.
The alien frowned, and John wondered if that expression meant the same thing in their culture as it did in his own. “I wanted to see what it tasted like.”
[6:20AM] I can’t believe you showed people those letters. I’m never sending you another one ever again. SH
Sherlock took another cautious sip.  “It’s not awful,” he conceded at last, because that seemed to be the highest compliment he could give any type of alcohol other than wine. Wine was good, safe, not startling in the least.  This stuff was quite the opposite.  It was working, though; that was for sure.  By the time he finished the drink, he could tell that he was drunk.  Or, at least, he thought he was, based on what other people had described drunkenness to feel like.  He wasn’t out of control, and he could still keep himself from swaying too much just so long as he remained pressed against the wall, but the world would tilt slightly if he turned his head too quickly.  He wished that there was some way to preserve this exact feeling for later study, and he did his best to commit it to memory.
As he felt himself getting close, he reached out and tugged on Sherlock’s hair in warning, but Sherlock only groaned and worked harder. John realised that he wasn’t going to remove his lips, and he took one last look down at the most erotic sight he’d ever seen before he was coming. His hand in Sherlock’s hair tightened automatically, effectively holding him in place, while he spilled himself into Sherlock’s mouth.
. “Yeah, of course,” was what he said aloud. That was the first time he actually found himself excited at the prospect of returning to London. His love for the city had dimmed somewhat in the wake of his crushing boredom with civilian life, but he found that, for Sherlock, he would gladly go back and would probably even enjoy it. He cleared his throat and tried to pull himself together. “Your ship crashed here, didn’t it?” He recalled the metallic sound and the tree falling two days prior.
“You can be my first mate,” Sherlock told Joey, who wagged his tail happily. Sherlock took that to mean that the dog was on board.  “But you’ll need a pirate name.”
After the last one he’d sent, John had almost thought he was going to get something back. Those telltale three dots had appeared in the corner of his phone, suggesting that Sherlock was crafting a reply. John’s heart had leapt. He’d admittedly been a bit distressed since they’d last seen one another, and he was desperate to talk to Sherlock again. But his hope was short-lived, as the three dots disappeared without any text coming through.
kissing him made the whole experience subtly electric.  He didn’t even realise he was craving it until John pulled away, and he found himself leaning in for more.  The kiss turned a bit heated, John’s tongue pushing into his mouth more aggressively. Sherlock struggled to keep up and found that he enjoyed being overwhelmed by John.  After perhaps a full minute (far too short, as far as Sherlock was concerned), John pulled away, a soft smile on his lips.  “Goodnight, Sherlock,” he said, voice gruff.
“Good morning.” Sherlock made his way into the kitchen and propped himself up against the doorway so that he could watch John as he set to work on fixing the sink.
“What does that have to do with anything?” John asked. Granted, this was entirely new information, and it went against what John had assumed about Sherlock’s home life, but it still seemed to be an odd thing to bring up.
“Yes, that is so.”  John approached the pair of them.  “Now, if you’ll kindly leave him the fuck alone, we can get on with our evening.”
“So,” John said when Sherlock failed to think of an interesting contribution to the conversation.  “You know that thing you did with Wilkes and his friends?”
It was well before five o’clock when John left that evening. Sherlock wondered if he had managed to scare the man off, and he couldn’t help the sinking feeling in his gut at that thought.
Sherlock made a face at the suggestion of playing nice, and John laughed, packing up his things.  Sherlock stared at him. “What are you doing?”
As he got older, he could feel himself standing out from the other children a bit more.  He was too loud at times and too quiet at others.  He was too curious, and his parents indulged that too much.  He often felt like he wasn’t speaking the same language as the other kids, and he hated it.
[4:31PM] Make time in your schedule. Like you haven’t already freed up that entire month for all of the make-up sex we’re going to be having. JW
John stopped kissing his mouth, his lips instead trailing down Sherlock’s neck. “You’re close, aren’t you?” he murmured against Sherlock’s throat. “I’ll bet you haven’t gotten yourself off in
John was smiling, he could tell, though he could only see the middle of John’s back from this angle. “Not until we get into our room,” he said, and he started walking in that direction.
“Or?” Sherlock prompted, hushed. He suddenly didn’t care at all about how poorly he had performed at their own recreation of the popular game.
There was a beat of silence before John leaned back and pulled Sherlock against him. Sherlock went easily enough, though he still seemed a bit sulky.
I realized I'm going to be kind of busy this weekend, so I thought I'd push my timetable up a bit.  So this chapter is getting posted today instead of tomorrow or Friday, and then the next chapter will be up on Friday for sure.  Also I started to notice that one of the later chapters are a little long in comparison to the rest of the chapters, so I've divided it up into two.  That'll be why the chapter count is now at 10 instead of 9.
“I’m a consulting detective,” Sherlock responded proudly. He’d only just recently come up with the title for himself, and he rather liked getting to tell people about it. “Only one in the world. I often take private cases, but sometimes a DI over at Scotland Yard will bring me in on some of his cases.” He cast a look over at John. “
Sherlock nodded, still looking quite pleased with themselves, and John made a mental note to compliment them often enough that he could see that look at least once a day.
John picked up one of Sherlock’s hands and brought it to his lips briefly. “Don’t worry about it. Wilkes is the worst, and that cheating bastard deserves to have his night ruined.” Sherlock still looked stiff and a bit lifeless, though, so John kissed Sherlock’s cheek and murmured, “That was a brilliant deduction, by the way. Absolutely amazing, you know that?”
John’s smile faded. He rubbed a hand over his face. “Are we going to argue about me going over there again?”
John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, and as the adrenaline began to fade, Sherlock started to worry that John was hiding some sort of disappointed expression. Those concerns dissolved, however, when a high giggle bubbled out of the man on top.
Molly laughed.  He was in the middle of a crisis, the likes of which he had never dealt with before (Victor didn’t count, as Sherlock had never had to react to the break-up with him), and Molly was
Sherlock didn’t entirely relax, and he seemed to grow more closed off when talking to the others. He remained relatively open with John, though, so that felt like a success regardless.  He only hoped he could keep it up for the rest of the night.
He stared out the window, doing his best to limit his glances at John’s reflection to about one per minute.
It means that I consult on private cases and, on occasion, work with the police to prevent them from mishandling investigations.
Sherlock made a face. “I don’t work for Scotland Yard, and as I’m already clever enough to solve crimes, I don’t see the need to wait until I’m older to start putting my skills to use.”
, and it was perfect. He pulled back to kiss both of Sherlock’s cheeks just to watch the brilliant turquoise flush that bloomed out of Sherlock’s skin on those spots. “God, you’re beautiful,” John breathed, and Sherlock ducked their head away adorably.
“Oh,” Sarah said, and John forced himself to look away from Sherlock and over at her. She was clearly adjusting to this new information. There was no trace of her usual subtle flirtation anymore. She was clever enough to recognise that there was something going on between John and his new associate.
Sherlock didn’t know what else to say. “What now?” he asked, genuinely not sure on how they were meant to proceed.
“You were trying to be a hero, weren’t you?” That seemed in keeping with John’s nature. Sherlock had to admit that he was irrationally jealous at the fact that John had gone out of his way to save someone else.
John rolled his eyes, but he was still smiling. “If you want something done right, clearly you’ve got to do it yourself,” he said, and then John was kissing him, and Sherlock’s thought processes skittered to a halt.
John looked over at him, smirking a bit as if he knew that he was, in this moment, cleverer than Sherlock Holmes. “That award”—he gestured toward the wall opposite the sofa, where a framed award did indeed hang—“is for excellence in emergency medicine, and succinylcholine is still largely used in emergency medicine. Doesn’t leave much of a trace, but he’d have access to it, and—”
Sherlock blinked themselves out of their momentary trance and sprung up from the sofa. John couldn’t help how hopeful he felt. Maybe things were all right between them, after all. Except, Sherlock followed that move up with, “No, not today. I’ve got something else I need to take care of.”
John’s lips continued their trek down Sherlock’s body, leaving a trail of blazing kisses in their wake. Sherlock grew increasingly agitated the lower John got, as it became more and more apparent that John had no intention of stopping in this path he’d forged.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock was sighing softly against John’s lips, his own arms coming up to wrap around John’s middle. He momentarily forgot to sulk. “And how do you intend to make it up to me?” he asked between kisses.
“Cerebellum,” Sherlock guessed, but John shook his head. More of the drawing came to life. He leaned forward in his chair. “Oh! A brain. A human brain.”
John picked up on his hesitance and approached the bed, resting one knee on its edge as he leaned down to cup Sherlock’s cheek. His expression was softer now than it had been. Encouraging, almost. “You’re the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen,” he murmured.
John kissed him, pressing their lips together in a way that was so sweet it made Sherlock ache. When they pulled apart, John kept their hands linked together. “Let’s get back out there, yeah? And this time, if anyone tries to pull something to upset you, I’ll punch them.”
It was ridiculous to indulge in such thoughts just because of a dream, he knew, but knowing it didn’t stop him from spending two hours carefully sorting out his appearance on Monday morning so that he could look his best for John. Sherlock had to look perfect, because John always looked perfect, and Sherlock would have at least liked to be on the same level as him for once.
The handyman stuck his hand down the drain and pulled up a damp piece of cloth. He turned to look at Sherlock with raised eyebrows. “You know, I don’t think you’re supposed to attempt to clean out the pipes by shoving a flannel down them,” John said, clearly amused.
[12:32AM] Of course I’m upset. My boyfriend is off in a war-zone playing hero, and he’s going to get himself killed. SH
John shook his head. “No, I mean go out on dates.” He smirked. “But if those dates end up the next morning with us sharing breakfast, I certainly wouldn’t complain.”
“Ah, John Watson,” the voice on the other end of the line said. John’s blood went cold as he recognised the voice. It was the same creep who had called a few days earlier to discuss Sherlock.
Sherlock leaned across the table. “I’m good at knowing what men like,” he said with a wink, exuding a sexual promiscuity that he had never once felt.
“Yes, I’ll see you tomorrow,” Sherlock confirmed, and he stood there, staring, until John was out of sight.
John went back to work and likewise kept quiet. It was almost nice working next to someone without talking, simply existing beside another person while also completing their separate activities.
And everything was a bit perfect, and even Sherlock had to admit that ‘happily ever after’ did seem to be where they were heading.)
Sherlock’s sibling?” he asked, incredulous. “This is all some sort of elaborate practical joke, isn’t it?”
On Sunday night, Sherlock dreamt that he and John were holding hands in the library.  Just holding hands, out in the open, for anyone to see.  And John was smiling at him, and he didn’t seem at all ashamed to be seen with him.
Sherlock furrowed his brow and thought back to their encounter. In anyone else, he might have considered that flirting, but it had been directed at
John laughed, his smile breaking through the weariness that had seemed so permanently etched in his features. The veiled mention of their sex life was apparently what John needed to get back to feeling normal in all of this. “And I’ll be sure to spoil you rotten later for everything you did to get the flat sorted out for me.”
Only one more chapter to go!  It'll probably be a slightly longer one from what I've got of it so far.  It'll hopefully be up on Friday.
“Good morning,” John said. He was once again sitting on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. He had changed since the last time Sherlock had seen him.
He pulled his laptop toward him and opened up a new browser window. He wanted to look this kid up online to see if they were even remotely in the same area, or at least if they were close enough to meet. He stared down at his phone in frustration for several long minutes before he finally got a reply.
The next update should be soon!  The next chapter will be the second half of their date night, and after that, it'll be a little epilogue!  I'll try to have the next chapter up within the next week or so.  Comments/kudos appreciated!
John fought back his instinctive disappointment at this increased distance between his erection and Sherlock’s tongue. He took a breath and steeled himself before asking, “What do you normally do during sex?”
When the game ended, Sherlock didn’t leave immediately as he had told Molly he would.  The players had left the field to shower in the nearby locker room, and Molly was determined to stick around until Lestrade came out.  Sherlock told himself that he was merely waiting there to keep her company, which was mostly true.  It also had something to do with the fact that it was easier to hide certain, over-active parts of his anatomy while sitting down.
Sherlock, it turned out, was rubbish at Pictionary. At least, that was what John kept telling him through alternating fits of giggles and exasperated sighs. To be fair, Sherlock was fairly certain that the game they were playing was not regulation Pictionary, so he maintained that his skills could not be adequately judged.
, John replied after a brief review of the pictures again, and because he felt that SH might genuinely need clarification on this subject, he added,
John smiled reassuringly back at them. Or, at least, he tried to, but he was sure it ended up coming off as a bit stiff. Christ, for someone who came from a sentimental species, he really needed to work on his flexibility with emotions.
John smiled and approached him, stomach swooping nervously. “Been waiting long?” he asked as he seated himself across from Sherlock, gesturing to the now-empty mug sitting in front of him.
Sherlock’s chest was almost entirely hairless. Their skin was smooth, that pale imitative colour disrupted by an undercurrent of indigo that pulsed with every heartbeat. Two peaked nipples had appeared where there hadn’t been any before. John wondered if their primary and secondary sex characteristics only emerged when aroused or when otherwise needed. That would be a question for another time, though. Right then, John had more important matters to attend to.
He ducked his head a bit.  “You hardly need help in biochem,” he said at last.  “You did quite well in the class.”
Sherlock felt a shy smile unfurling on his lips.  “You’ve got a bit of flour just…there.”  He pointed toward John’s cheek, where a bit of the stuff had gathered.  “And there’s some on your sleeves as well.  A bakery seemed the most likely option.”
He would not be nice. He was very good at driving people away when necessary, and he would put those skills to the test right then. He stomped up the steps, determined to make as much noise as possible and to be such a nuisance that the repairman would eventually flee the premises. He flung the door open, letting it bounce off the adjacent wall, and he opened his mouth to say something rude, and—
Even though there were layers separating their bodies, Sherlock still thought he could feel the warmth of John’s touch through his thick coat. He wasn’t even remotely used to people touching him so casually, and for John to do it
John stared down at the message for a moment, confused. Surely it hadn’t taken SH nearly twenty minutes to write those five words. No, there was something else going on here, something that SH was hiding.
John gave her a tight smile and decided that he’d get his trail maintenance out of the way early. “Yeah,” he said, “all right.”
Sherlock was almost immediately pinned against the bathroom wall, the full weight of John’s body covering him and preventing him from escaping. He spared a brief thought for how nervous he should have been in this situation, cornered in a confined space with a trained soldier he’d just surprised with a kiss, but his momentary worry dissolved into nothingness, for John was leaning closer, bringing their lips together, and
Sherlock blinked down at the radio for a moment before tentatively saying, “I could have done better in person, you know.”
“Ah, Dr. Watson,” the voice on the other line said, “I’m so glad I caught you before dinner.” It was a man speaking. He had a posh accent that was vaguely reminiscent of the one Sherlock had somehow developed, but John found it to be grating coming from this stranger.
to their line of work. Knowing what my planet rotates around has never been an interest of mine, and so it will never be something I need to know.”
Stamford muttered something unintelligible and nearly tipped over. John was almost grateful for the distraction, even if it meant he would likely need to clean up vomit before the night was over.
Almost simultaneously, the two of them broke out into a fit of giggles. John collapsed down on the bed next to Sherlock, and Sherlock rolled over so that they could kiss John again. They only broke apart when their smiles got too big to allow for it any longer.
John froze in place, and Sherlock felt his cheeks heat, anxiety beginning to take the edge off of his arousal. John was straddling his thighs, eyes scanning his body over and over and over again, like that for a little over a full minute. Sherlock thought about making a joke to break some of the tension, but he couldn’t seem to work up the nerve to be flippant about this.
“You’ve got ‘Call Harry’ written on your right hand.  This indicates left-handedness as well.  The name is smudged, and has clearly been rewritten multiple times.  You feel obligated to get in contact with this person, clearly, but you haven’t yet motivated yourself to do that.  A familial connection is most likely, then.  If it was a friend, you wouldn’t feel so conflicted about not phoning them back.”
“You’re getting close, aren’t you?” he asked, knowing that he wouldn’t receive a verbal answer. “Wish you could see yourself like this. Fucking perfection, you are.”
It was clear once they approached the table that everyone had been waiting around to see who John’s date was. They had all been informed that he would be bringing someone with him for the first time in awhile, but none of them, save for Mike, had been privy to the knowledge of precisely who that mystery someone was. When the two sat down next to one another at the end of the table, the others kept sneaking furtive glances at Sherlock. John could tell by the awkwardness of Sherlock’s fidgeting beside him that the whole thing was making him uncomfortable, and he tried to help by placing a hand on Sherlock’s knee. He was kept from regretting that decision when Sherlock’s palm immediately covered his hand.
“I’d be more impressed, though,” John continued with a practically audible smirk, “if you didn’t end up having to be treated by a medic for smoke inhalation.”
Sherlock’s heart skipped as he considered how good John looked in his flat. John was still wearing his uniform. The black and yellow material should have looked tacky at best, but instead, it seemed to be a particularly good look on John. Sherlock couldn’t help but notice that it would be even better if John took his jacket. He licked his lips as he pictured John in his vest and trousers, still somewhat dirtied from trudging through a fire earlier.
He had time. That sounded like a promise. All those thoughts about working together on cases and keeping in touch when John was away—all of that could happen. They had time, and now that they had worked out the basics of it all, John was confident that they would get to those far-ahead places.
Sherlock spent the majority of that following morning preparing himself. He showered and shaved despite the fact that his facial hair was minimal enough to likely go unnoticed. He spent nearly an hour obsessing over which trousers to wear, wanting to properly accentuate his arse, and the shirt he chose to go with those trousers was pale blue and remarkably tight. He evaluated himself in the mirror: professional but still a bit twink-ish. It was perfect.
Redbeard was never cruel.  Redbeard was always eagerly awaiting his return home, sitting by the door until he walked through it.  Sherlock would bury his face in the dog’s fur until his tears had all dried up, and Redbeard would let him, would simply sit there with him until he was better.  Redbeard was his best friend.
John nodded and smiled at his friend before turning to Sherlock. “I’m going to go get us some drinks,” he murmured. “What do you want?”
“Sometimes. They used to not take me seriously when I went down there, but recently, they’ve been a bit better. Last week I even gave a DI my information so he could contact me again if he needs help.”  Sherlock couldn’t help the pride in his voice.
“You’re thinking far too much for a Sunday morning,” he said, his voice rough and scratchy from just waking up. He dropped his head down to John’s shoulder once more.
Sherlock woke the next morning to find himself alone in bed. His sweat had completely dried in the night, leaving him feeling rather disgusting in the aftermath. Of course, part of that disgusting feeling could have been from the healthy dose of shame that washed over him as he dealt with the disappointment of waking up alone. Why had he ever expected for John to stick around? It had been a one-night-stand for a soldier who would be imminently heading back out into a war-zone.
John, speaking without thinking, jumped on the most interesting part of that statement, which for him was the affirmation of the romantic nature of their meeting. “This is a date?” John said, wanting to hear it said again. That was a mistake.
Sherlock nodded, unable to find a flaw in that plan. “If his pattern holds, he’ll be picking out a new victim tomorrow night.”
Any comments you have would be great!  And thank you so much to the people that have given this fic kudos!  You're all wonderful.
Sherlock was glad that he had the oxygen mask over his nose and mouth to remind him to breathe, because he was fairly certain he’d have forgotten otherwise.  Of course, that merely made him look more foolish in comparison to possibly the most attractive man he'd ever seen.
At that moment, John was distracted from Sherlock’s cleverness as he saw four of his teammates approach the café.
He only wished they didn’t have to wait for it. God, the waiting was going to be unbearable, as would be the sudden lack of romance in his life after a heady week of nothing but.
Sherlock huffed out a sigh and turned around to see who was talking to him. Three firefighters stood before him. The one that had spoken was clearly the leader. He had an additional stripe on his gaudy yellow helmet, and there were two white markings on his collar. They all had matching glares on their faces, as if they were somehow going to be able to intimidate him into moving away from the scene. How quaint. “I’m going to investigate the arson and suspected murder that just occurred here,” Sherlock told them, raising an eyebrow as if daring them to argue with him.
Thank you so much for everyone who has given this work kudos and such!  Just a reminder that comments are always welcome, and I'll try to reply to them as quickly as possible.
And that was how he quite literally ran into John Watson. Luckily, he didn’t fall, though John did drop his mobile in the process.  Sherlock immediately bent down to pick it up.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how John could make such a simple statement sound downright predatory.  He prayed that his cheeks hadn’t turned bright red as he began to look John over, picking up on relatively minor details.
Sherlock groaned even louder and sunk back down on his bed until he was laying flat once more. “Never speak of that again.”
Sherlock glanced up at her from where he sat on the kitchen floor, the insides of the toaster scattered about him. “You may want to hire that handyman again,” he responded calmly.
As soon as John was sure that Sherlock was satisfied, he sat up and started to stroke himself in earnest. “God, that was so hot,” he said. “You’re fucking amazing.”
Sherlock obediently lay down on their stomach, allowing John to push a pillow up under their hips. Their skin was steadily losing any pale colouring as they tried to anticipate what John was about to do.
Sherlock was glad that John chose to pack himself up and leave without further conversation, because there was no way he would have recovered from that sequence of events in time to see John out. As soon as he came back to his senses, he collapsed down on the sofa, wallet still in hand once more. His heart was thumping wildly in his chest, and he had the brief, romantic thought that perhaps John would be able to fix that as well.
It didn’t take long for John to get the table’s legs back in place, which was both impressive and disappointing, as it meant that John now had no further reason to stay in the flat. Still, Sherlock noticed that John took a ridiculously long time collecting his tools, putting each one away one at a time, making small-talk with Sherlock all the while.
John actually looked a bit sheepish then. “Yeah, well, I was a bit preoccupied trying to make sure that you weren’t going to die.”
John took the compress and placed it on his shoulder. “I wouldn’t be so sure about that. Have you seen yourself lately? You look like a corpse.”
Now, though, they were starting to get a bit antsy, needing to get out of the flat. Since their relationship had started two weeks earlier, they’d essentially sequestered themselves away in order to discover the things about one another that they’d been prevented from knowing for so long. Still, after two weeks inside, cabin fever began to set in, and they both jumped at the opportunity to be around other people, to be out of their flat, and to maybe get a little bit tipsy.
“So that you might have a better impression of what they’re like before you dismiss them entirely,” Mycroft said, tone going a bit darker until those words almost sounded like a threat. “Now, I suggest you go back to them and ask them what they’re doing with their ship, because I assure you they are not planning to leave.”
John cursed under his breath as he realised what was going on. He tucked his gun in the waistband of his trousers and pushed the door open. Sherlock was sitting on the bed, alone. They stared at John with wide, shocked eyes, clearly not having heard him return to the house.
He gathered his coat and wallet before moving to answer the door, his hand hesitating for only a moment before pulling it open.
While taking a break about six days into his cleaning rampage, he read through his conversation with John and pretended that he was doing it for purely logical reasons. What those logical reasons were, however, remained to be seen.
Mrs. Hudson looked fondly at the two of them. “Well, I’m about to take one of my herbal soothers—for my hip, you know—so I’ll let you boys go. It was a pleasure to meet you, John.”
John chucked a piece of bread at them. He was surprised to find that he was only moderately amused rather than genuinely affronted at the generalization about his entire species. “Careful how you talk about humans, or this human might just leave you outside with the monkeys all night.”
It took thirteen minutes to get back to his own room (would have taken eleven, but the cab driver had been unbearably slow), leaving Sherlock seven minutes to change before he needed to head out to meet John at Speedy’s. Sherlock rubbed himself down with a wet flannel, put on deodorant, brushed his teeth, changed, and brushed his teeth again in six minutes flat.  There was nothing he could do about the marks on his neck, dark purple and livid against this pale skin.  He would have to look into asking Molly for some of her concealer at a later point, but there was no time currently.  He wasn’t anywhere near as presentable as he’d have liked to be as he walked out of his flat, but it would have to do.
Sherlock let out a relieved breath and slipped out of the cab, hurrying to unlock the door to the building before John changed his mind.
John’s fingers shifted until they were pressed right up against his hole. One finger massaged around the muscle there until just the tip of it was able to slip in. Sherlock felt like he couldn’t breathe. He pressed back, desperate for more of it. He’d done this on his own before, of course, but John’s fingers were so much wider than his own. Besides, there was an intoxicating loss of control now that it was someone else performing this act rather than just himself.
[4:30PM] I have no idea what any of these words mean, but I suppose I can make time in my schedule for your return. SH
The timer buzzed, and Sherlock stood up from his seat, feeling victorious. He smoothed out his shirt smugly.
“There’s three types of monkeys that live around here,” John told them as they made their way down one of the easier trails. He found that hiking along it was much less time-consuming in the absence of his limp. “You’ve got spider monkeys, white-faced capuchins, and mantled howlers.”
[7:37AM] I was picking fights. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done it. Please tell me that you forgive me for that. SH
“Poison,” John announced from where he was crouched over the body: a white male, mid-twenties, lying on the floor of his own apartment. John pulled apart the victim’s toes with gloved hands. His medical abilities had not rusted in his time as a handyman, Sherlock had discovered, and it was ridiculously attractive to watch him work. “Injected between the toes here. I don’t see any other indication that this man used drugs, so this mark seems to be from the killer.”
The text came in as Sherlock was preparing for said match. He still had an hour let before he would need to head out to the field, but he needed every second of that time to ensure that he looked decent enough.  They would be going to a party after, which meant that some alcohol consumption might blur John’s perception of him enough to compensate for not looking great, but he could hardly rely on that.  If John decided not to drink, then he would be out of luck if he had planned to depend on it entirely.
John led him outside with a hand on the small of his back, just as he had done the night before on the way to the party.  The restaurant was only a few blocks away, so they chose to walk. They remained silent for most of the way, though the quiet wasn’t as awkward as it could have been.
John only sat down when he couldn’t see Wilkes’ ugly mug anymore. His adrenaline was still going, and he tried to calm himself back down. He glanced over at Sherlock, prepared to apologise for Wilkes being such an arse, when he caught sight of Sherlock’s expression. It was stricken, though he was clearly trying valiantly to keep himself looking unaffected, and John’s heart broke for him. He clearly hadn’t meant to upset anyone, and he had just been trying to show off his deductions, and he had been so happy and confident going into this, and John would never forgive Wilkes for making Sherlock look like he did right then. John put his arm around him and pulled him close. Sherlock was tense, but he did at least lean into John a bit.
[3 September, 7:46PM] No. I’ve been busy. I can’t keep track of these things when there’s a case on. SH
John could practically hear the man—Mycroft, apparently (what a pretentious name)—rolling his eyes. “I don’t play practical jokes, John.”
John must have noticed his silence, because he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and held him tightly. “I’m going to miss you, too, you know,” he said, dropping a kiss into Sherlock’s curls.
This chapter is explicit, and I added some new tags to this fic so you can see if this sort of explicit is your cup of tea.
Thank you so much for reading this chapter!  I'll likely have the next chapter posted on Tuesday or Wednesday, so keep an eye out for that.  As always, any feedback you have is welcome!
[2:27AM] Mycroft told me you were dead. He said you’d been attacked, and you were one of a few deaths in your unit. SH
A slap on the shoulder sent him stumbling as he got up from his seat. He looked up to see Stamford beaming at him.
“I was wondering if you would come to the rugby game tomorrow,” John said eventually, and Sherlock felt that hope deflate. Not a date, then, but at least John was expressing a desire to see him again.  That was more than he should have ever dared hope for, really. “There’s going to be a party afterward hosted by the team, and I was thinking that maybe you’d like to go to that. It might be kind of stupid, but it could also be pretty fun, I think.  So…what do you think?”
[27 August, 9:13AM] So you’ll let me pay for breakfast, but you won’t let me pay you for your work. SH
There was another laugh. “You know, I’m sure you could have. You’re brilliant. Murray, let this guy onto the scene. If he’s as clever as he sounds, he’ll know to avoid the structurally unstable bits.”
The finger inside of him rocked further in, moving in time with John’s mouth. John sped up so that he was bobbing up and down much more quickly while fucking into Sherlock with his finger. It was, in a word, heavenly, and in two words, too much. Sherlock could feel the rising tension within him, the tumultuous heat that indicated that this was going to be over very soon.
Sherlock started to fidget a bit. At that moment, he desperately wished that he really had been the mind-reader that some people had accused him of being in the past. He needed to know what John was thinking. “John?” he ventured after several more moments passed without either action or sound.
attention, didn’t it?  Perhaps John was merely waiting to have that particular conversation in person. Before he could overthink things (more than he already had), he pulled out his mobile and sent a quick text off to John. His stomach was in knots as he waited for the reply, though he wasn’t sure if that was caused by his anxiety or by the leftover alcohol in his system.  Sherlock reminded himself that John was at work and was likely having difficulty finding time to write a response, but he was still growing jumpier with every minute that passed.
Then, because he still felt like a terrible person based on how he’d acted during their last date, he added,
Sherlock’s embarrassment seemed to fade when he caught sight of John’s expression. “Here I am,” he agreed.
“It’s nothing.”  Molly gave him another look, and he sighed.  “Fine. I was attracted to someone, and I actually believed for a moment that it might be mutual, but it wasn’t.”
“More,” Sherlock said, and John pressed his index finger fully inside. “More,” Sherlock repeated, and John started to stretch him enough to take two fingers. It went on like that, with Sherlock panting, “More,” and John never denying him, until finally three fingers were pumping in and out of him.
Sherlock let out an aggrieved sigh. Really, that bit had been painfully obvious. “The first victim—Richards—was wearing a brand of pants that caters specifically to gay men. Clarkson had a collection of eyeliner, mascara, and lipstick in his bedroom, and statistically that indicates someone who isn’t straight. McGrew owned a collection of sex toys which, again, statistically speaking suggests a gay man. And this man—Jason Murray—still has photos of him and his ex hanging up over the flat. A recent break-up with a long-time lover does lead some to seek out strangers at bars. He still has the entry stamp on his hand. The killer is flirting with these men, getting their phone numbers, and likely offering them company back to their flats. That’s how he knows their mobile numbers and addresses. It’s the only explanation that makes sense.”
The alien’s antennae twitched forward in John’s direction, but other than that, there was no indication that his words had even been heard.
There was nothing for it. He caught a cab back to Baker Street. Guilt settled uncomfortably over him. He wasn’t used to feeling like this. It was so rare for people to depend on him like this, so he almost never had the opportunity to let others down quite this severely. For the first time in months, he craved the needle.
“Don’t be like that, baby,” he said with a laugh, like this was some sort of game they were playing. He stepped closer and handed Sherlock his phone. “Here.”   Sherlock took the phone with slightly clumsy fingers. “Put your number in. I’ll call you tomorrow.” Sherlock hesitated, and the man touched the side of his face. “Don’t worry. I’m not going to try anything tonight. You’ll put your number in, and we’ll get you home safely, and when you’re feeling up to it,
Then, in a perfect imitation of John’s voice, the alien said, “I can modify it if it’s upsetting you.”
So he sat there with Molly until he caught a glimpse of Lestrade heading back out to meet them.  “That’s my cue,” he told her, heading onto the pitch to begin the walk back to his room. His body had finally calmed himself, so he could thankfully move without being too much of an embarrassment.
John didn’t make him wait any longer. His fingers pulled out, ripping a whine from Sherlock’s throat, and he almost immediately he lined his cock up to replace them.
John wondered if that meant that Sherlock was just going to pick up and leave, if they were going to give in to this man’s demands. They’d only known one another for about two weeks, but John had gone and gotten attached. He didn’t want them to leave. “How do you plan on taking care of it?” he asked.
John huffed out a surprised laugh, his look of predatory concentration cracking with his smile. “Why don’t you tell me?” he replied, and he rocked his hips up so that his erection rubbed at Sherlock’s arse.
Sherlock licked his palm and reached down to wrap his hand around John’s cock. The movement of John’s fingers in his arse stuttered to a halt as Sherlock tentatively began to stroke. He had never done this with someone else before, and the angle was odd. He decided that if he couldn’t pleasure John with his hand just yet, he could certainly do it another way.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what else to do but sit as John had requested. “Thank you,” he said softly as a mug of steaming coffee was brought out for him.  He fiddled with a sugar packet to give his hands something to do.
to be an advance. There was no other logical explanation for John’s behaviour. Emotional entanglements would only slow him down. The work was what mattered, and having his mind muddled by sentiment would be detrimental. He imagined that John would be disappointed with the rejection, but he would surely move on quickly enough. An attractive and simply fascinating former soldier, doctor, and fireman all in one, there was no way John would stay single for long. They would still see one another on occasion during arson cases, of course, and Sherlock would be able to experience John being interesting and attractive and capable, though he would also be forced to see evidence of whatever knew partner John was bound to find for himself. He decided that he didn’t like the thought of that last part at all.
Sherlock nearly choked on his coffee.  “I would have tried,” he assured John.  “I just didn’t have time if I wanted to meet you for your break. I can cover them with my hand, if you want.”  He moved to take his hand out from under John’s to do just that, but the man merely pressed down to prevent him from retracting the contact.
“You okay?” John asked, head cocked to the side.  “You seem a little off.”  His expression changed to something sympathetic.  “You must be pretty hung-over, huh?”
True to his word, John’s flat was only a short drive away from the party, and before he could really even process where they were, Sherlock was being led upstairs into the empty flat.  John’s flatmate was clearly out for the night.  They would be entirely alone.  But, no, nothing would happen.  He had tried to kiss John just moments before, and John had backed away rather than letting it happen.
“Hello,” Sherlock said as John reached him.  He was pleased he managed to get out two whole syllables in his current state of shock.
Sherlock watched as the teams assembled into some kind of formation, likely indicating that the match was about to start.  Much to his surprise, John glanced up at the stands as he took his place. The rugby captain smiled brightly and waved when he caught sight of Sherlock.  Sherlock felt his cheeks heat a bit as he waved back, hoping in vain that Molly had missed the gesture.
Sherlock looked up to glare at her halfheartedly.  “Keep your voice down.  People will hear you.  And, no, you cannot know which one he is, because I’m not interested in any of them.” That was a total lie; even he didn’t believe it.  While he had tried to convince himself that he was no longer interested in John, he couldn’t help but feel the resurgence of those feelings he’d had for the man every time they spoke.
“I’ve surprised you,” John said, sounding ridiculously smug. He stood and started walking toward Sherlock, only stopping when their chests were nearly touching. John’s eyes flicked down toward his lips.
During the following week, Sherlock focused primarily on his studies. It was rare for him to attend lectures as often as he did that week, but he hardly cared that he had changed his routine. He needed to keep himself occupied.
“So greedy for it, aren’t you?” John nipped at his neck before sucking hard on one spot, and, god, that felt incredible. “Go on, love. Get yourself off now. Take the edge off, because I’m nowhere near finished with you yet.” He licked at the bruise he’d sucked into Sherlock’s skin and reached around to grab Sherlock’s arse, guiding his thrusts.
“Please,” Sherlock gasped out, squirming underneath John. John’s mouth was close enough to his cock at that point that Sherlock could feel every exhale against it. He whined again, hips moving seemingly of their own accord.
John started to wonder if Sherlock was offended at being called normal, but that didn’t seem to fit with what was happening o far. “It’s fine,” he hastened to say, wanting to smooth over whatever had caused Sherlock’s mood to drop. “Normal is boring anyway.”
This time, though, Sherlock moved to stand in front of the door, blocking John’s exit. “That’s a terrible way to run a business,” he told John. “You can’t honestly keep letting me call you here without charging me anything.”
Thankfully, he managed to keep himself together through the end of the match. He and Molly walked over toward the locker rooms, where all the players were taking their post-game showers, and Sherlock really needed to think about something else before he ruined his calm streak.  He took a deep breath, let it out, slowed his heart rate.  He just had to remain calm.  After all, this was just going to be an outing between friends, right?  What was the worst that could happen?
Hope you enjoyed that!  It's obviously in the very early stages but there'll be some more angst/an ultimately happy ending ahead!
John didn’t miss the fact that SH didn’t claim that boyfriends weren’t his area. He was ridiculously pleased by that. So, his mysterious man was single and gay. Not that it mattered, of course, but John couldn’t deny the way his heart started beating faster with that knowledge.
[5:37AM] God, everyone here is so dull. Even when they’ve finally started asking for my help on cases, they still treat me like a kid. SH
Sherlock’s cheeks turned the lightest shade of pink, and he shook his head and smiled. “You’re insatiable,” he said, “but I’d like that.” He turned to face John more fully. “Besides, boyfriends go on dates, right?”
The two of them shuffled past the bar, and Sherlock tried to look for John among the other patrons lined up there, but he didn’t catch sight of that now-familiar silhouette.
John smiled and leaned a bit closer. “Suppose we’ll just have to stay within sight of one another from now on.”
. John wasn’t different at all. John was merely staying with him because he lacked somewhere better to stay. He could have put himself up in a hotel, to be sure, but he clearly knew that Sherlock was the cheaper option. In fact, it was far more likely that John was going to treat Baker Street as a hotel than it was for him to spend the week shacking up with Sherlock. They probably wouldn’t even see one another all that often.
John paused for a moment at that latest text. He had thought that it was obvious that he just wanted to talk, but perhaps he was actually inconveniencing SH. Well, only one way to figure that out, he supposed.
John did something particularly clever with his tongue, and Sherlock shouted, hips jerking up off of the bed. John’s finger slipped from his mouth, as John apparently decided that it wasn’t worth the effort to try to stifle him any longer. One of John’s hands pressed down on his hip to keep him from moving about too much, and the other one—
Lips still connected, John pressed Sherlock back onto the bed so that he was lying down with John’s form braced above him. It was, all in all, an ideal position.
John backed Sherlock up against the door, licking into his mouth almost fiercely. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck, keeping him as close as possible, and contemplated the merits of wrapping his legs around John’s waist as well, although he doubted that John would be able to keep him upright for very long like that. He widened his stance, making room for John to step up right between his legs, which John did immediately.
Sherlock came first, as he almost always did. His lack of solid experience seemed to work against him that regard, but John had told him after their fifth time together that he thought it was hot, limiting Sherlock’s embarrassment over that fact. This time, John wasn’t far behind, as if he had been waiting or Sherlock’s release to allow his own. He rocked into Sherlock a few more times before stilling, a low grown passing through his lips. Sherlock ran his hands over John’s back throughout it, soothing him through his orgasm. He was glad they had done away with condoms while John was on leave. He was rather addicted to the feeling of John coming inside him.
s; of pleasure so intense that Sherlock started to wonder how he had ever thought he’d be happy going without this for the rest of his life; of John taking care of him in every possible way three glorious times; of begging and receiving and soft whispers and shouts; and finally, of collapsing together in a sweaty heap on his mattress when he simply couldn’t fathom going any further, after which both of them were so exhausted that they fell asleep like that, tangled up together, Sherlock’s head on John’s chest.
Sherlock stared down at the shattered phone before lifting his head with concentrated effort to see what had happened to his suspect.
Sherlock merely glared at him. “So you mean to tell me that my skin is only halfway done burning off,” they muttered.
Nearly an hour passed before Sherlock got the urge to speak again. “You were shot in the left shoulder,” he pointed out.
Once they were alone again, John gently tugged Sherlock’s hands off of his face. “There you are,” he said.
John frowned.  “Er, yes.” He sounded confused. “I thought that was obvious, especially for someone as observant as you are.  It should have definitely been obvious last night.”
When he’d first taken the job, Harry had told him that he’d hate the solitude. “It’s out in the middle of nowhere with no Internet, no telly, no radio. It’s a good thing you don’t have a family with you, or I’d worry this would end up like
John started to lower his gun slowly. He was looking at an alien, he knew. That must have been it. A very hot alien, in fact. John quirked an eyebrow up as he blatantly stared at the figure in front of him. By human standards, they were indeed attractive, and John couldn’t help but take notice.
John was helping Sherlock collect the bones of a small mammal from the bank of the river when he paused to say, “How long is your life-span?”
John smiled at him and stood. “Obvious,” he replied, clearly teasing Sherlock, who had said the word nearly a dozen times when they had first arrived at the scene, resulting in Anderson storming off in a fit of rage. Sherlock found himself fighting a smile. He wasn’t used to people teasing him in such a companionable way.
“You don’t have to do this if you don’t want to,” John murmured, his tone much softer now that he was speaking from a place of concern rather than a place of rage.
. Fairly unassuming face, evidence of the capacity for very stern or seductive expressions. Sandy blond-grey hair. Relatively short stature but with a strength in his body from his army training. Dark eyes that looked like they might have been blue. In addition, his familiarity with the ambulance indicated a medical background. He was therefore an attractive former doctor-soldier who had become a firefighter, likely for the added adrenaline rush. He was
Sherlock had been so wrapped up in the kiss that he’d hardly remembered how eager he was for them to both be naked. He was glad that John seemed to be ready to remind him how to keep things moving every so often. He propped himself up on his elbows and hurriedly undid the buttons of his ash-dirtied shirt. He tossed it on the floor once he’d gotten it off and moved his hands down to his belt, fumbling with it uselessly until he finally managed to get it undone. John was still sitting on his hips, so neither of them were really in any position to take their trousers off right then, but Sherlock found that he couldn’t be bothered with that, especially not when John bent down and began to lick and bite at Sherlock’s nipples.
As expected, Seb Wilkes didn’t take the hint. “Hey, look who it is,” he announced to no one in particular as Sherlock walked by the front desk.
Sherlock stood there, and John stood there, and they stared at one another for a moment. John’s expression was amused, and Sherlock tried to keep his expression relatively neutral.
Molly looked up at him in slight horror.  “How did you know it was him that invited me?  Oh, god, have I been that obvious?”
Sherlock licked his lips. John’s midsection was a few shades paler than his face and hands, and he was in peak physical condition—the very manifestation of Sherlock’s deepest fantasies.
“I asked him to be here.” Sherlock stepped up to John’s side. Not too close, of course, because he wasn’t sure John wanted others to know about their intimacy with one another. “He’s a doctor who is used to life-and-death situations. He’ll be very helpful.”
There was no immediate reply to his text, and as interesting as talking to this not-quite-stalker was, John figured he couldn’t force the conversation to keep going without coming off as a bit of a creep himself. He set his phone down and set about cleaning up some of the sick from the inside of the toilet bowl. Half an hour later, he returned, feeling accomplished, and picked up his phone again, only to discover another message waiting for him. He was smiling before he even read it.
John pulled back and laughed lightly, though the noise was so tinged with arousal that Sherlock couldn’t even be upset that he was being laughed at. “I had no idea you’d be so responsive,” John commented, and he seemed surprisingly enraptured by that fact. He teased Sherlock’s other nipple while his hands dragged down the pale body before him until he was cupping the front of Sherlock’s trousers.
John actually blushed at that, and it was ridiculous. He’d never been shy talking about sex before, but with Sherlock, it somehow felt different. He wasn’t sure how to explain that he’d gladly spend hours cuddling on the sofa with Sherlock and would have been just as happy to spend an entire day in bed with him. God, he was infatuated.
. There was definitely something going on with SH and the military. John wondered if maybe the man had ever been close to someone who had died during military service, and he felt a bit bad for pressing the issue. But, well, he didn’t feel bad enough to actually
Sherlock took in this information and glanced around as they approached the decimated front of the building. “Last time, they wouldn’t let me within twenty yards of the scene. What’s changed?”
“Fuck,” he heard, and he glanced up to see John kneeling in between his legs, hands grappling at his trousers and pants. He pulled out his own erection, and Sherlock let out another little moan at the sight. John was well above average—thick and hard and long—and Sherlock was overcome with the urge to have that inside of him. John didn’t seem able to wait, though, as he almost immediately took himself in hand. Sherlock licked his lips, eyes stuck on John’s cock, thinking about all of the things he wanted it to do to him. John groaned, and Sherlock looked up to find John watching him. Whatever he saw must have been enough, because a moment later, he grunted and stilled, spilling over Sherlock’s stomach, mixing their come together on Sherlock’s skin.
“He hasn’t done anything to suggest that he’s the murderer,” Sherlock pointed out. “As much as you want it to be, being an entitled arse is hardly a crime.” He ordered two drinks, dreading the moment when they would come and he would have to go back to that man.
Sherlock walked into the library at five minutes after two—a carefully calculated five minutes so that he wouldn’t seem too eager but would still arrive early enough so as not to discourage John.  Luckily, Seb was dealing with a student when he entered, so he was spared from having to put up with the man.  Sherlock took up his usual table and pulled a few books out before glancing up at John. He flushed and looked away when he realised that John was already looking at him.  When he peeked back up, John offered him a smile, which Sherlock carefully returned.
John shrugged. “I don’t see why not. I mean, we don’t have a return ticket booked, and I can always find clinic work in London if we decide we want to stay. We’ll have a look at the flat after we fly in, and we can decide if we’d really like to settle down there. How’s that?” Settle down. Christ. They were properly planning a future together. John ought to have been scared, but he was actually more certain of this than he’d been of anything before.
Sherlock offered a small smile in return.  “Yes, essentially.  I know you’re a medical student because the books you bring with you to the library are all for courses required for anyone studying medicine.  Judging by the books you have, I can estimate exactly how far along in your studies you are, leading me to believe that you’re twenty-three years old.”
John kept these concerns to himself. The last thing he wanted to do was scare away Sherlock even more quickly by expressing this much emotion to them. That was fine, though. John reminded himself that he hardly
Sherlock rolled his eyes in a show of reluctance to explain his process, although he really delighted in figuring out facts that escaped the police. Besides, this was another chance to show off in front of John. “When you think about it, a bar is the only place that makes sense. He’s likely trying to pick them up. All the victims have been gay or bisexual men. That can’t be a coincidence. It’s got to be part of his system.”
They appeared momentarily distracted enough to bring the two bowls of pasta over toward the kitchen table. They then went back and grabbed onto John’s arm to lead him to one of the chairs. “You need to eat,” Sherlock said. “You look like you might pass out.”
Sherlock flushed again and reached up to tug at the hem of the shirt John was wearing. “Take this off,” they said. “It’s only fair.”
Sherlock’s frown deepened. He didn’t see the issue. John would have complained if the flat was any other way upon his return.   “Don’t you like it like this?” he asked.
And she had been cute, but John’s interest in her had only ever been physical. It suddenly struck him that he had no idea what SH looked like. Didn’t even know the man’s real name. There was somehow a deeper connection there, and, Christ, he was getting to be sappy and romantic about someone he barely knew.
John huffed out a laugh that wasn’t entirely amused. “I guess we really don’t do well with the whole long-distance thing.”
“I’m not one for pacing myself, either,” John murmured, and his fingers came up to brush gently at the hair behind Sherlock’s ear. Further proof indeed.
The team walked out from the nearby locker rooms at that point, led by their captain.  Had Sherlock not been so distracted by John, he might have noticed that Lestrade kept glancing up at the stands.  As it was, though, he couldn’t have been expected to pay attention to anyone else right then. John looked incredibly good in that uniform.  Too good. Sherlock felt a bit overheated again, though there was no faulty heating system he could blame right then.
Sherlock hummed noncommittally, his head resting on John’s chest. He shut his eyes. In the morning, his pants would be sticky and uncomfortable with dried ejaculate.  In the morning, he would need to actually process what had just happened. In the morning, he wouldn’t have the haze of alcohol guiding him through.
John let out a startled laugh.  “My girlfriend?  God, no, Sarah isn’t my girlfriend.”  When Sherlock continued to look sceptical, John added, “I mean, yeah, we used to date, and we’re pretty close still, but we’re just friends.”  He furrowed his brow.  “Is that why you freaked out two weeks ago?”
Unfortunately, his response seemed to only encourage her more. She was quite passionate about birds, it seemed, and though John usually found it attractive when his partner was passionate about something, that principle clearly didn’t apply with this particular girl. Well, he reasoned, he was just trying to have sex, not marry her. Sex was easier than trying to navigate the mess of relationships with people he was generally only half-sold on. Besides, he was planning on joining the army in a few years, so he hardly saw the point in trying to establish something real now.
[8:57AM] You promised me that you wouldn’t get hurt. You promised me. You can’t break your promise to me now. Please. Just one more time. I won’t ask you for anything else ever again. Just be okay this once. SH
“Anything for you,” John breathed, and in that moment, it truly sounded like he meant it. He rocked his hips up again, adding a big more kick to his thrusts now but taking away none of their tenderness.
[9:43AM] They keep telling me that you’ve died, but you haven’t died. Tell them you haven’t died. They don’t believe me. Tell them. SH
From what he could decipher from that message and its general tone, John suspected that Sherlock was still sceptical of his motives, but he would make sure to banish those concerns once they met up in person.
Sherlock tore his eyes away from John to look at the stranger who had just taken a seat at the other end of the table he had claimed. He forced himself to offer a polite smile. “Not at all,” he said, as charming as he could manage, even though he wanted to point out that the man had already sat down before getting permission, so Sherlock’s answer was quite pointless.
John grimaced.  “Yeah.  Apparently my roommate’s gone and thrown up in someone’s shoes.  I’ve got to go back there to help clean up and to make sure he gets to bed.”
John quirked an eyebrow up at Sherlock’s fumbled attempt at describing planetary motion. “Around their suns?” he suggested.
And he thought and thought and thought about it for the rest of his day, nearly exhausting his three-year-old self.  Finally, he came up with something.  When Mummy returned that evening, Sherlock walked up to her, the dog close behind.
John cursed under his breath. He lifted one hand to rest gently on the back of Sherlock’s head, twined through their soft curls. Sherlock met his gaze from under their eyelashes as they licked again. Their skin was now mottled with a turquoise flush—an unusual sight in the bedroom, to be sure, but it did nothing to diminish John’s enthusiasm.
You guys might notice that the rating for this work has gone up to explicit.  There are some sex-things in this chapter, which you'll hopefully enjoy!  I know I said this would be up tomorrow, but one of the commenters was adamant that it be up ASAP, so I got it edited in time to post it today (which is still Monday for me but might actually already be Tuesday for some of you).
John smiled softly at him. “I want you to focus on me, and I want you to let me focus on you, especially if you refuse to do that yourself,” he said. “We can look out for one another. We’ve always done that. Remember when I punched that bastard Wilkes for you?”
“Right,” she said, turning back to face the pitch.  “Right, it’s you.  I should have known better than to think I had secrets.”
Sherlock, again, was baffled by the words before him.  Was John really content not to talk about what had happened?
John laughed a little. He imagined Sherlock thought that made him sound cool and unattached. It was sort of cute. “I’m John Watson,” he said, holding a hand out toward Mrs. Hudson.
John narrowed his eyes. “You mean to tell me that for twelve of the twenty-four hours you’ve been here, you’ve been capable of speaking to me, and yet you haven’t bothered to do it?” That felt like some sort of sick mind game, and he didn’t appreciate being kept in the dark with something like this.
“Oh, John,” one of the researchers said, “you’ll have to come with us! You’re so good at spotting the capuchins.” She was the kind of woman he’d have gone after in his younger years. Adventurous, soft, traditionally pretty. For some reason, though, he couldn’t bring himself to pursue her. She seemed too much like the civilian life he was desperate to get away from.
John didn’t have time to roll his eyes at the comment, too preoccupied with trying to figure out what had spooked Sherlock. “Well, yeah, but then he ran off.”
John stared at him in open amazement. Sherlock was rarely that forward, in his experience, and he could only assume this meant that Sherlock was finally warming up to him. “Oh, God, yes,” he breathed, and he leaned up to press their lips together again, unable to survive without another kiss.
“Are you all right?” he asked, having to practically shout over the crackling of the fire overtaking flat’s appliances.
There was a slight delay after that. John wondered if he’d somehow offended SH. He wasn’t sure how that would have been possible, though; if anything, he was paying the man a compliment. Surely that wouldn’t be cause to break off contact. After several long minutes of nothing, his phone pinged.
He briefly considered the fact that John might have done all of that on purpose, just to play around with his emotions, but he wasn’t sure John could be that cruel, that manipulative, without him picking up on something of the sort. Besides, though he hurt, he was still inclined to believe that John Watson was a near-perfect human specimen.
And of all the things Sherlock had expected John would say, that response was not one of them. There was another jolt that went through him, this one similar to the one he felt when investigating a particularly interesting case. John wanted to come with him. He and John would be associating with one another outside of his flat. It wasn’t much, but that seemed like a very good sign indeed. “I could never turn down a medical opinion on a case,” he said, doing his best to seem unaffected by John’s assertion. “Could be dangerous.”
John opened his phone to discover very gruesome images of a very dead man staring back at him, and he quickly glanced over his shoulder to ensure that he wasn’t being watched, his adrenaline going as he wondered what the hell SH was on about. It was interesting, though; more interesting than his current activity, which involved staring blankly at his textbook in the university library. There were three such pictures, all of the same corpse, all showing different angles. The dead man had discoloration around his mouth, and he rested on a chrome tabletop that made it clear that SH was in the morgue. John waited for five minutes after receiving the pictures, but there was no explanation forthcoming from his hyper-perceptive arse.
John had just brought him a cup of tea and set it delicately on the coffee table in front of where Sherlock was sprawled on the sofa.
“Here, I’ll get you another one,” John was saying, taking his empty cup. “Do you want another rum, or do you want to try something else?”
“You don’t know what I’m offering. I’m willing to provide you with compensation for any information you might have about your new…housemate.”
As he sat back, though, he noted that the world seemed to spin a bit more than it should have. He had only had one drink, and he had eaten earlier that day in order to prepare his body for the consumption of alcohol. There was no reason for him to be feeling drunk.
His movements started to grow faster, sloppier, and he was so wrapped up in it that he barely noticed Sherlock rolling onto his side. It was only when he felt a tongue press against the head of his cock that he realised what had happened, and at that point, he was practically out of his mind with pleasure. “Oh, fuck, oh, fuck,” he said, stopping his hand as Sherlock leaned forward, still completely lying down, to take the head of John’s cock into his mouth. Sherlock made eye contact with him, no longer looking completely dazed. He was watching John for his reaction, and John couldn’t do much more than drop his head back and swear vigorously up at the ceiling. He had the image of Sherlock’s mouth stretched out around him forever burned into his mind. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t be able to take more than half of him in his mouth at once, but the thought of Sherlock doing anything even remotely like this was almost too much to handle. While Sherlock continued sucking on the head, John started moving his hand around the rest of his length, effectively jerking himself off into Sherlock’s mouth, and, oh, fuck, this was the best he’d ever had.
Sherlock looked back at John, as if surprised by the question. “His wedding ring is old and scuffed,” Sherlock pointed out. “That says all you need to know about the state of his marriage. Plus, he keeps shielding it from view anytime an attractive woman comes in his line. He also overcharged the man that just passed through for his bag of coffee, so the assumption holds that he’s going to pocket that spare money and use it to pursue his true interest of sleeping with women he’s not married to.”
“I’m John,” the unbearably handsome man said, wiping his hands on a scrap of cloth he must have brought with him before holding one out toward Sherlock.
if you want!  If I ever leave a super long gap between chapters, feel free to message me on there if you're concerned that I've abandoned the work.
Sherlock’s heart was pounding. Being near John was probably not a great idea, as he now wanted to press himself into John’s side and leave rather than go back over to the possible murderer with whom he’d been talking. “Just my leg,” he said. The spot where the stranger’s hand had been itched, and he rubbed his palm over it in an attempt to wipe away the ghost of the man’s touch.
It was another two minutes before John reemerged with Lestrade in tow. He immediately left Lestrade with Molly and stepped up to Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock shook his head and pulled John back down. “Shut up,” he murmured, and then their lips were touching again, and neither of them saw fit to say anything else for quite some time.
Sherlock did look up at John then, his confusion winning out over his distress. “Because you indicated as much when we first started this.”
John’s smile turned almost predatory.  “Good,” he said, and then he was crossing the room, eliminating the space between them.  One of John’s hands came up to the back of his neck, drawing him down.  For a few seconds, they just breathed one another in, mouths open, lips almost touching.  Before Sherlock could even realise what was happening, there was no ‘almost’ about it anymore. They were kissing. Truly, properly kissing. It was a little awkward, as Sherlock’s technique was sloppy from both inexperience and inebriation. He had thought that the kiss would remain closed-lipped for a bit, but apparently John had other ideas. A tongue was working its way into his mouth, and Sherlock didn’t really know what to do other than part his lips even more.  He tried to mimic John’s movements, but without definitive feedback, he couldn’t tell how he was doing. John’s tongue was exploring his mouth, and every so often, Sherlock would flick his own tongue out to taste John’s. It didn’t taste like much, actually. It was warm and wet and…nothing. He had expected sparks, had expected John to taste incredible.  In hindsight, he wasn’t sure why he had expected that sort of thing at all. There was no reason for it to taste like anything, really, and so it tasted like nothing.
“No,” John said, and they frowned and tossed the pen onto the counter. “Anything you can eat is going to be in the fridge or in these cabinets. Anything else, probably best not to try it.”
He dropped his head back onto the bed, unable to hold it up any longer. That heat building inside of him was bubbling over now, and Sherlock gave one final shout as he came, body caught between pushing up into John’s fist and pushing back onto his fingers.
John grinned. “Of course,” he teased. “Wouldn’t want to deprive you of the view.” He stripped himself efficiently and was soon back on the bed with Sherlock, hands moving over his body as if unable to get enough.
And Toby was indeed very friendly. Sherlock turned around, still crouched, so that they could face Toby properly, and Toby took the opportunity to lick at Sherlock’s chin while being pet.
The last week had been incredible. When he had been younger, back in his early teenage years, he had longed for a proper relationship as many teens do. He had always envisioned what romance would be like with a dashing man who cared deeply for him. Of course, it hadn’t taken long before his peers notified him that people like him—that
Sherlock had meant to come up with an excuse to leave without encouraging further contact between them. John didn’t mean to be so friendly. The touch was just to prove he was covered in ash, and the apparent interest was fascination with his mind and professional curiosity about his condition. Trying to keep up contact between them would therefore only set him up for rejection. Instead of the planned excuse, though, when he opened his mouth, he found himself asking, “Dinner?”
John sat there, panting, until he finally had enough energy to gently lift Sherlock’s hand away from his own so that he could refrain from becoming too sensitive post-orgasm. Sherlock used their newly freed hand to scoop up some of John’s come on one finger and daintily slip it into their mouth.
This thing between them was so new. After everything that had happened between them over the years, the development of a romantic relationship between them was simultaneously a relief and a source of new stress. Sherlock had never been with someone like this before, and although John assured him that that didn’t matter, he couldn’t help but worry that his lack of experience was going to make him seem sub-par in comparison to John’s previous relationships. Beyond that, he hadn’t yet figured out all of the rules. He could make assumptions about some of them. For example, he was fairly certain that they weren’t allowed to speak about their relationship in public. Along that same line, public displays of affection were likely prohibited. But those were the only rules he’d worked out so far. Luckily, when they were invited to the Yard’s weekly night out, those two rules were the only ones that Sherlock would probably need to observe.
John came the very next day, and Sherlock prepared himself once more as much as he could. There wasn’t much that could be done about the bruise on his cheek, which had blossomed into something aggressive and red-purple overnight, but he fixed up his hair and picked an outfit that clung to him as much as any outfit could.
Sherlock smiled, choosing to take John’s ‘wow’ as a compliment. “I thought we should wait for Lestrade first.”  He gestured over toward Molly, who looked like she was feeling a little out of place.
John obediently followed the man. He held the fleeting hope that perhaps Sherlock had worked out how to operate the phone back at El Panadero, that Sherlock might be asking him to come back. When he reached the back of the shop, he tried not to be too eager as he picked up the phone and said, “Hello?”
[12:07AM] You’re such a sap, counting our first interaction as the moment to celebrate every year. JW
John had texted SH the day after the rugby dinner, though he had been very careful not to mention the way in which their previous conversation had ended. In fact, he thought it best to steer clear of any of the topics they had discussed in that conversation altogether, just in case. He still wasn’t entirely sure what about the army had caused SH to shut down so drastically, but he wasn’t about to bring it up again and run off the one really interesting thing in his life right then. They continued to talk solidly for fifteen days, during which time John started to feel that he was really getting to know his mysterious conversation partner. For example, John learned that SH hated his brother (and his strained relationship with Harry was then deduced by the hyper-perceptive arse), and that SH took his coffee black with two sugars, and that he did ballet. It wasn’t much, of course, but with how closed off SH seemed to be at any given moment, John felt like he’d really accomplished a great feat even learning that much. Every time his phone buzzed, he made a fool of himself scrambling for it in the hope that it might be SH revealing a bit more of himself before John’s greedy eyes.
.” He felt his body go rigid as he came harder than he’d ever done before, making a proper mess out of Sherlock. The sight of his come settling on Sherlock’s stomach was enough to wring a few last spurts out of him.
John was quite sure that he wouldn’t be passing out when there was a real and present danger to Sherlock’s life, but he obligingly took one bite of pasta and drank half his glass of water.
“I think you will be,” the creep assured. He then took a deep breath, as if regrouping. “My name is Mycroft. The creature you call Sherlock is my sibling.”
Before Sherlock could leave his bedroom and rush out to get a cab, John reached out and caught his wrist. Sherlock felt a jolt at the contact, and he turned to face John.
They leaned forward a bit, their expression both hesitant and serious as they asked, “Would you really be interested in staying there?”
Close to ten minutes had passed by the time John walked out of the building. (Nine minutes and forty-eight seconds, but who was counting?)  He was smiling, his hair still damp.  He had changed out of his gear and into a pair of dark jeans and a beige T-shirt. Despite its plain colour, the shirt clung to the musculature of his torso in ridiculously pleasant ways. Sherlock forced himself not to stare.
Sherlock shrugged. “That was one of the few things I was good at back home,” they said. “I couldn’t do it here until I learned more about your Earth culture, though, so I was limited in my abilities until just now.”
God, now he was blushing again.  His heart was hammering in his chest, that fluttery feeling branching out from his stomach and into the rest of his body.  “That’s impossible,” he heard himself say, but his voice sounded odd. He sat down on the edge of his bed. A date?  With John Watson?  Definitely impossible.  There was no reason for John to want that when he could have anybody.
On their second round, though, Donovan smirked at him and said, “Never have I ever been in love with my best friend.”
As they left the restaurant, Sherlock, feeling bold, reached out and twined their fingers together.  Past experience indicated that John was comfortable with minimal public displays of affection, so he figured that the gesture wouldn’t be refused. He was right.  John squeezed his hand and smiled in his direction, making no move to pull away.
“Never have I ever kissed a woman.” Sips and fingers up for the majority of the men, including Sherlock who had (very reluctantly) kissed Janine.
John cleared is throat. “I mean, we’d obviously have to talk about it more, but I wouldn’t be opposed to this turning into a proper relationship.”
Sherlock shut his eyes because that suddenly took less effort than keeping them open. He felt a light pressure on his forehead, and he briefly wondered what that had been, but the effort it would have taken to ask John was simply not feasible at that moment. Instead, he sighed and let everything else fade into the background as he once more drifted off.
Everyone else around the table merely shrugged and deemed Never Have I Ever to be an appropriate way to pass the time and to work on getting others drunker. Eventually, John acquiesced as well. Sherlock resolutely did not comment. He knew that this was only being used as a tool to humiliate him in front of John. Donovan obviously wanted to demonstrate to John all of Sherlock’s oddities, but, little did she know, Sherlock had recently undergone a series of ‘firsts’ with John that would put him on a much more level field along with the other participants of the game. He simply stared her down when she shot him a smug look.
A month into their relationship found Sherlock and John in the library, as per usual.  John was studying for some practical exam he had coming up, and Sherlock had a case file spread out before him.
this?” he asked. He quickly shoved the badge into his own pocket and made a mental note to keep better track of his things.
It was much later before he managed to motivate himself to go back out into the forest to finish the trail maintenance he’d failed to complete during the two previous days. Luckily, as soon as he put his rain boots on, the alien slipped on a pair that had been left behind by someone else, clearly intent on joining him. John simply smiled encouragingly in response to that.
Sherlock felt a thrill go through him and placed the ice against his bruise. “Why is a doctor and former soldier working as a handyman?” he asked. He sat down on the sofa as John crouched down on the sitting room floor, assessing the damage to the table.
“Hi,” Sherlock replied, still looking a bit shy, as if he wasn’t quite sure this was really happening. John understood the feeling. “Where are all of your teammates?”
“Mrs. Hudson’s been here,” Sherlock said when they ultimately walked out into the kitchen. A tray of eggs and toast had been set out on top of a stack of paper on the kitchen table.
Hell, John felt sorry for Sherlock, too. He heaved a sigh. “I know. I wouldn’t want to talk to me, either.”
John held his hands up in front of him. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to offend.” He dropped the flannel he’d been holding in one hand back onto the countertop. “So, if you don’t work for the Yard, what sort of detective are you?”
“I’d offer you some, but I’m worried I might inadvertently end up killing you if I do,” John said, and the alien merely gave what appeared to be aggravated clicks in reply. “What’s gotten you so upset? Are you mad that I took your friend away?” He laughed lightly but had to admit that it had been rather cute watching them try to communicate with boiling water.
close to one another.  “Here’s your drink,” he said, offering Sherlock one of the cups he’d returned with.
John shook his head some more, now looking amused rather than whatever he had been doing with his face before that had been very confusing but also so hot it had made Sherlock’s entire body feel warm. “It’s nothing.”
“Sherlock Holmes.” Like an idiot, Sherlock began reaching out to shake John’s hand again, and upon realising that they had already done that bit, he brought it up to run through his hair instead. The intention behind that movement was apparently not lost on John, who laughed in a way that made Sherlock feel simultaneously embarrassed and comforted.
Sherlock continued to move his hips, guided by John’s hands on his arse. He picked up the pace, starting to get desperate.  He whimpered. John squeezed his arse, and when John’s mouth was back on his neck, Sherlock knew that he was done for. He could feel electricity flowing through his veins, sparking with pleasure.
Almost reluctantly he decided against it and settled for a half-truth instead, “I was with friends.”
I watched the montage at the end of The Final Problem last night to try to work out some kind of timeline for this fic - it is impossible so please accept this approximation of the course of events.
The silence that followed was disturbed by the entrance of one of the SOCOs. “What is it Jenkins?” the inspector asked.
The Duke turned to his wife, “Please accept that I am sincerely sorry for my part in the distress I have caused you. My hand was forced, and I made the wrong decision, but I do not believe that James will harm Arthur, he gains nothing from Arthur’s death.”
Once in his flat, Sherlock changed and made himself a cup of tea and got to work on deciphering the stick figures. Having concluded the most frequent figure was an E the first message looked like this
Sherlock indicated the table opposite where a party of three, a pretty fair haired woman of around forty-five, a thick set sandy haired man in his late thirties and a sallow dark-haired youth of no more than twenty were enjoying a meal and what appeared to be rather stilted conversation. The woman was doing a sterling job in trying to keep the conversation going but as soon as she relaxed her efforts silence reigned.
The moment Sherlock heard the front door close behind John, he got up from the couch and fired up his laptop; he then spent a frustrating couple of hours researching the remarkably elusive Mr Ralph Fell. It wasn’t that there was no information, rather the reverse, there was heaps of it, covering more decades, events and places than were feasibly possible for one individual to have gathered by his age. What was more, there was something about every entry Sherlock read that jarred and left him with the impression that it might have been ‘cut and pasted’ from someone else’s Wikipedia page. Curiouser and curiouser.
The incredulity of Sherlock’s expression and threat of the blinking starting up again, prompted John to answer quickly.
The mention of the police animated the Duke, who came to Dr Huxtable’s rescue by saying in a deep, sonorous voice which boomed out like a dinner-gong.
John tried again “You have talked to her, Greg, given her a clue what its like being a copper’s wife.”
At the end of the call, Sherlock knew more than John, but less than his brother, and had no idea how close he had been at one stage, to losing his life at Mary’s hands.
Sherlock waited for the blow, for John to recognise the words from Ian Moody’s letter, but it never came. “That’s good, more than good in fact, because pretty much, I feel the same.”
John banged on the bedroom door with his fists and shouted Sherlock’s name again, there was no answer. Simon with more presence of mind than was generally found in a boyfriend of Molly’s, turned to John, and said, “together!”
There was more silence until John, finding it quite unsettling, said “It’s ok, whatever goes on, you don’t have to justify it to me.”
Take a woman who is not a housekeeper and a man who is not a sociopath and you find the gift of a promise, that if ever there is conceit or cockiness there will be one word – Norbury.
“I won’t”, Mrs Hudson said opening the door, “Oh Sherlock you do look nice. Here take this with you”, she added, handing him a card, “save me a stamp.”
Sherlock returns to Montague Street having obtained from Wiggins what is required to see his situation with sparkling clarity.
John is genuinely surprised when Mike insists that he returns to Bart’s with him. “Listen, I can’t explain it; you’ll have to trust me.”
, he thought as he let the dark chocolaty sweetness melt on his tongue, one eye on the film as he turned his attention to seventeen down.
The two men sat in silence for a while, thinking about what they had discovered. Eddie brought them more coffee and only this interruption did John speak.
John was tempted to tease a while longer but was in fact too curious himself so produced an envelope, unopened from his back pocket. The address was clearly typed.
“I might have known” John said by way of greeting “Well, come in then, you can’t sit out here all day scaring the neighbours” Sherlock in fact looked as if he could but he stood up and helped John get the pushchair indoors.
Once upon a time there was a miller called Harry Watson who was very poor, mainly because she was not a very good miller, often too drunk to do the work, and when she did, she drank the proceeds. Harry Watson had one brother called John, he was a soldier and a healer and very handsome. But he had been injured in the war and couldn’t fight or heal anymore or stop his sister drinking.
Sherlock had absolutely no intention of doing any such thing, but nodded anyway, distracted by the sights and sounds of the school… John’s home.
The first thing he sees, along with the periodic table, and the picture of Edgar Allen Poe is Sherlock’s bed. Hence the question.
“Then can’t you get rid of her… No not like that,” Crowley added quickly when he spotted the return of Aziraphale’s shocked expression, “send her out of London for some reason. I know, on a course, humans are always going on courses.”
Sherlock assessed from the assortment of hair on the woman’s skirt and a lingering aroma and reconsidered.
The text message apprised him of the whereabouts of the person he needed to see; it helped to have an informant on the inside. Greg took a cab, despite the expense, he was too knackered to endure another jaunt on the tube.
The weather was suddenly unseasonably warm and one afternoon John took the first-year boys out into the grounds ostensibly to learn the difference between deciduous and evergreen trees but really to enjoy the late sunshine while collecting conkers. As John sat the class down on the grass to draw the skeletal horse chestnut leaves, a hundred and fifty miles away a military aircraft touched down at Brize Norton.
“Except on Fridays, Sir.” The concierge wishes to assist this sorrowful looking gentleman, “If you wish to visit in the evening come back then.”
Sherlock almost pushed Miss Sutherland and Dr Watson out of the cabin and closed the door firmly behind them, fervently hoping that he would only see one of them again soon, and the right one. His prayers were answered not ten minutes later when Dr Watson returned.
The most common letter in English usage was E, followed by T and then A. Then roughly in succession I O N S R H, there was some debate he recalled about the order between I and O, and D and L should be in the list somewhere, but E was the best place to start. The difficulty was the message only comprised of fifteen stick men; it was too small a sample to reach any definite solutions. The most common word in the English language was
Harry had asked John to stand up with her on her wedding day. John has met Clara and thoroughly approves; he knows instinctively that she is far too good for Harry, despite their apparent devotion.
Time went on, Mycroft sent a couple of his oppos to clear the Kensal Green flat, and soon all John Watson’s worldly goods were installed back at 221b. There were more of them these days and Sherlock was obliged to undertake a fair amount of rationalisation to accommodate them, but he didn’t object. They still hadn’t mentioned ‘the incident’ but Sherlock was just delighted to have John back under his roof, whatever the circumstances.
Dinah frowned, “but I thought you knew, I thought everyone knew, he was killed on our wedding night.”
John knew exactly what was going through the detective’s head “Don’t get excited; you’d need to eat an awful lot of cake to get you high!”
And soft centres… was just wrong. You might say that about a box of chocolates, but not rose and lemon Turkish Delight. In fact, the entire message bothered John…
"Yes, Mr Windibank is my stepfather,” Mary replied to Sherlock’s questions now without sounding surprised. “I cannot bring myself to call him father, as he is only five years and two months older than myself."
“She displays considerably more tenacity too; they are engaged remember and planning a wedding… Plus there is something about her, something I cannot quite put my finger on…”
Sherlock turned to Mrs Hudson’s iPod and scanned through the tracks until he came to something he thought suitable.
Sherlock hovers between reality and illusion, slipping with ease between the twenty-first century and 1895. Outside his consciousness the nation is in uproar; oblivious, deep within his mind palace Sherlock is looking for clues.
Sherlock despite the physical pain he has inflicted on himself and the mental anguish he is inflicting on his friend cannot quite hide his delight at his own cleverness. 'Guess what I’ve found'.
Mycroft has. Like all great men he has thought about his legacy, his final words, his parting gift to the nation. Something along the lines of ‘How is the Empire’ rather than ‘Bugger Bognor’.
John is not big on trust but it would be churlish to refuse and he's determined not to hang around the park until six o’clock, despite the date.
“A few minutes later Paul Cloete appeared, minus the gun and his cap, running towards the Lodge, where Crowder was still outside in his garden. He cried out to Crowder that his father was dead by the mere and turned to run back. Crowder, who is not a young man, ran after him. When he saw the body, he knew there was nothing to be done, but he called an ambulance and the police.”
Confused, Sherlock opened the text and read it, then sat down in his chair with a thump. He was in shock. He looked at the message again.
“Do we really have to do this again?” He whines as they pose in the stunning Physick garden. (The answer’s ‘Yes’)
Sherlock came through to the kitchen where John was stirring the peas in the pot. Sherlock still looked anxious.
After this, matters deteriorated for Dinah Shepherd very quickly, the gun persuaded her to drop the syringe back down, and she took the opportunity to faint. Sherlock tied her arms together with his tie and John sacrificed his to tie her feet. Simon was dispatched to see that Molly and Mrs Hudson kept out of the way and to phone Hopkins and bring her to the scene.
Back at his own flat he surveyed his house plants. “Don’t even think about it,” he said menacingly. Their leaves trembled.
“I have been led to believe you had some remarkable success some years ago regarding the kidnapping of the children of the American Ambassador, I was hoping you could apply the same expertise in this event.” Dr Huxtable spoke without guile; he was obviously unaware of the consequences of that case.
Aziraphale face lit up, “You are right, if we can just nudge him in the right direction, that might do the trick. Thank you, Crowley, perhaps all is not lost, after all?”
Crowley stepped off the train and made his way out of the station, by passing both the stairs and the escalators.
They got in and John began to give the address of the Guildhall, but Sherlock quickly gave another address that John didn’t quite catch.
“Alternatively, it could be considered in the government’s best interests to expediate your extradition to whichever sovereign state can establish a higher claim on your person and get their papers in order soonest. You must be aware that in many of those states the death penalty is still legal.”
“You have been sadly misinformed… I don’t handle child abduction cases.” Sherlock replied, his features grim.
There was no mistake, John had called him sweetheart. John had asked him when he was going to divorce his work, referencing their first meal together.  After all these years. John had asked him to marry him.
John could usually be encouraged to snap out of the doldrums by a cup of tea, a Chinese takeaway, and a bit of sex, but she had only managed to engage him in the first two over the weekend and his grumpy mood continued. She would try again tonight, even though it was a ‘school night’. She hadn’t worked out what was behind John’s temper, though she presumed the dancing lesson hadn’t gone according to plan, or perhaps John was still smarting about Sherlock’s plus one. If so, she needed to nip that in the bud. She turned to the menu again.
Sherlock conceded that he had thought about something along those lines. John took that as encouragement.
Formalities concluded and with no harassed DIs or murderous cabbies to interrupt them, Sherlock suggests they go out to celebrate their new circumstances. John readily agrees.
King George V has a number of reputed final words - officially it is something like How's the Empire? but unofficially is was thought to be Bugger Bognor (a seaside resort that had been suggested for convalescence)
A short angry man, he noted at once, sturdy, compact rather than fat, even so the newcomer filled the room… but before Sherlock could take a name or give his usual client spiel, before he could even name his fee… words burst from him.
Mrs Hudson is minding Rosie while upstairs John is wrangling with an electrician about the rewiring.
The Chief Constable laughed and slapped Greg on the back again. Greg wished people would stop doing that, he was getting a permanently bruised spine.
Sherlock skimmed through the rest of the judgement, it had been an interesting case and he had discovered a write-up in a peer journal. Having absorbed the information, Sherlock turned again to John to fill him in.
“Wait” Steve shouted, “Behind me. I know these caves and you don’t. We’ve nothing but torches so we’re not going in far. We’ll take a quick look round just in case they left your friend here.”
“Do you know why Paul wouldn’t say why he argued with his father?” John asked, as Sherlock had told him.
“Well, that settles it, you are going to have to try to remember Greg’s name, if he is going to be your brother-in-law.”
Poor motherless babe, so easy to look after; no doubt that would change once the terrible twos set in. Still, she has plenty of experience of dealing with tantrums and it is wonderful to have her boys under her roof again.
John watched his sister weave her way through the club to where Clara was waiting. The night was young and he’d spied a potential tall, thin, nervy looking brunette of his own. And if not, there was always the beat.
They had got back to first position, John swung Sherlock out and swung him back in as he had done before, but Sherlock was surprisingly heavy for a man with no meat on his bones. John overreached on the dip and Sherlock landed on the floor tumbling John down on top of him. They lay there, winded, John was a full stretch above Sherlock, but he didn’t move immediately, while David Grey carried on singing.
“When I was still a boy, I made a vow to devote myself to science, to reason, and I put away all matters that did not conform to the cold hard logic I had dedicated my life and my mind to.  You see I had a gift, a very special gift, not merely to see but to observe. So, when I looked at someone, I could tell everything about them. I could tell by a woman’s wedding ring that she was a serial adulterer, or by the state of her knees that she had spent the night with a married man. People took against me, but I cared nothing for it, for as my brother had told me, caring was not an advantage.
John was within shouting distance of the truck and could see three figures walking towards it when it struck him that the truck could easily be the same one that he had attached himself to the night of Arthur Saltire’s abduction. He stopped in his tracks, suspecting a trap and looking for a place to hide, there were rocks, but they were nowhere near large enough and anyway it was too late. He had been spotted.
“I’ve something for you; you might even call it a Christmas present…” When Sherlock didn’t respond, Molly took the box over to him, and continued, “It’s a perfect central polydactyly complete with partial syndactyly. Right hand preserved, I’ve kept the left one for myself. It’s a donation so we don’t want it back,” Molly thought for a moment, “though perhaps we had better have it back once you've finished with it, we don’t want to trigger a murder investigation if it ends up in Mrs Hudson’s bins.”
“I deduced at least three punters were undercover police, not hard to spot the signs if you know what you’re looking for. Of course there was nothing on the premises more noteworthy than a few tabs of MDMA and some poppers, the Met were in completely the wrong place. But I had no intention of hanging around for hours while they worked that one out.”
Mrs King answered first, “Well, Mr Holmes, I was quite sound asleep so it is hard to judge. But it did seem very loud.”
“I suspect that the Duke is what might be called asexual, he feels no physical or emotional need for sexual relations. This does not mean that he is incapable of the act given the correct stimulation, but he does not engage with it on any level other than physical and if given a choice would happily live without it.”
Sherlock feigns outrage “the Loci method of recall is not ‘the palace thing’! Solipsism argues we cannot be certain what we see exists”
Mrs Hudson was persuade that that nice Mr Hilton-Cubitt was in danger and handed over the keys to the Aston Martin, but they then had to move the cot and the sleeping Rosie into 221a for the night which delayed them further and led John to reflect on how much their lives had changed.
“After my Skype call with Paul Cloete I met Alice Baker and learned that her father had suffered a stroke the night of André Cloete’s death. I also learned from Dr Watson that Alice’s father had been as passionately against his daughter’s marrying Paul Cloete as his father had been for it. That didn’t make sense, Jack Baker had no sons of his own, the men were old friends and compatriots, Paul was a respectable young man training to be a farmer, you would have thought that Baker would have been delighted to join their two families in this way. I knew that I had to speak to Jack Baker to get to the bottom of this affair.
Connecting to the internet, Sherlock proceeded to spend the next hour or so googling anything and everything to go with the Dukes of Holderness, Natasha Petrovna and her family, the Holderness estate, the Priory School and the area surrounding Mackleton. His mind buzzed with unanswered questions:
Aziraphale could tell from the faintly scorched air about him, that the demon had been up to, or rather down to, no good in the hours since he had flown out of the florist shop in Soho. This did not surprise the angel, what did surprise him, was that Crowley and Mycroft Holmes obviously knew each already, and very well indeed.
“And then I made the biggest mistake ever, I told Eddie that I wanted to get married, it must have been the way I said it, because he was made up, hugging me and kissing and saying he was so happy and then I had to tell him, tell him I meant to a girl but that it needn’t change anything that we could still be together and maybe he would find a nice obliging girl and we would be ok.
(Sherlock’s mental filing system is a mystery even to himself. He has deleted the solar system in its entirety; he cannot name the present King of England yet somehow without trying recalls that tomorrow marks another year gone by).
Lestrade contacted the Port of London police and arranged to meet them at the main container depot and he and Sherlock made their way to the docks. Sherlock having upgraded the case to an eight was in full flow, deduction spilling over deduction in the haste to leave his mouth. He concluded that the murderer was still on board the Star of Brazil, a container vessel sailing under the Liberian Flag and almost certainly being used for smuggling as well as legitimate cargo. Bored at the pace Lestrade and the Port of London officers’ investigations were proceeding, Sherlock decided to do a bit of snooping on his own.
Mycroft Holmes, the most powerful man in the British Empire, and the heaviest, has fingers, both literally and metaphorically, in many pies.
The visitor pulled a face at his illustrious parent being the subject of gossip, and disregarding Mrs Hudson’s comment continued.
John caught Simon asked him, “Could you see that Mrs Hudson and Rosie get home? I have a feeling we are going to be here for some time.”
Aziraphale didn’t reply, he merely filled another glass and handed it to the demon before he topped up his own.
They sat in companionable silence for some time, the activity had apparently moved to another part of the house, and John wondered if the Duke had forgotten about them. After the way he had spent the last sixty hours or so, John thought, there was a lot to be said for sitting on a comfortable sofa, in a room with a burning log fire, while doing nothing much at all. He wondered if he rang a bell someone would bring them tea.
“No,” Sherlock quickly replied, “I just meant I haven’t seen him for a couple of years; he used to hide these from me,” Sherlock indicated the cigarette.
They were silent again, then Sherlock suddenly announced “Moving on. You see what you can find out about the employer, Mrs Etherege, and I’ll look into the Windibanks.”
Finally, just as Sherlock was about to go back to shutting up, the shouting stopped and the third man entered, or rather was shoved into the cabin, accompanied by cat calls from his friends. His face was mutinous.
John in his role as best man had spent the whole day, between appointments scouring the internet for possible routes for Greg to get home. The wedding was at two o’clock on Saturday at the Guildhall in central London. There was a plane that got into Heathrow at ten past twelve, if Greg could get to Aberdeen airport for half past nine Saturday morning, and the Met blue lighted him at the other end, then he might just make it.
Money changed hands and the consultation commenced. Sherlock began by deducing the pilot’s obsession with flying and the quaint probability that he had once wanted to be an aeroplane, (Sherlock refrained from mockery, after all at the same age he had wanted to be a pirate). Sherlock held the man’s hand palm upward and continued, claiming to find the long hours of study, the financial hardship, the lack of support from his parents, the ridicule of his siblings all written there, whereas in reality he had merely taken the opportunity to examine more closely the wear and tear on the pilot’s cuffs.
With an air of satisfaction, Sherlock sprung the lock without damaging it, and there, in pride of place on a small velvet cushion was the emerald brooch. Sherlock pocketed it and replaced the box in the dressing table.
Mycroft pointedly looked at John. John settled himself more firmly in his chair, picked up his newspaper and studied his crossword intently. He was going nowhere.
The motion-triggered grenade had been particularly random in the damage it had caused. The sitting room had caught the brunt of it, while Sherlock’s bedroom had emerged relatively unscathed. The kitchen was a mess, not helped, no doubt, by the amount of volatile liquids that Sherlock stored there. The plasterboard wall in John’s old room had collapsed, revealing a huge space under the eaves which had, in his opinion, great potential. There was even an ancient hand basin fixed to the far wall, probably left over from when the household had a servant, but hopefully meant the upper floor still had a water supply.
had become the highlights of Sherlock’s week. Today was the exception; Sherlock had declined the afternoon’s pleasure claiming that the experiment presently occupying his thoughts (and the kitchen of 221C) was at a critical stage and would need constant supervision. It was a sacrifice, but there would be other ducks to feed.
Mrs Hudson had conjured up a Sunday dinner from nowhere, and now that Sherlock considered the case to be virtually solved he was once again prepared to eat. They kept the conversation light and Sherlock’s only reference to the case was to say, “I think I will take a trip to Norfolk tomorrow and present the news to the Hilton-Cubitts in person. It is a pity John that you can’t come with me; your contribution has been invaluable.”
John did not have a mind palace, but, despite what Sherlock had like to infer, neither was he a complete idiot. As his mind grew clearer, he began to list what he thought he could know.
Sherlock was disconcerted, it was fine to masquerade as a clairvoyant to strangers in a strange town but to be exposed as such amongst people in a social setting and in the city he loved, made him feel cheap.
John bristled and he clenched his hands into fists, “Why do you always have to do it?” he spat out. “Why is it always your life on the line? You know how important you are, to me, to your mum and dad, Mrs H, even Mycroft.
Although he had been back from his exile for almost five months, Sherlock was still underweight, even for someone who was as naturally slender, and the wounds on his back, that he thought John knew nothing about, although healed had hardly begun to fade. John couldn’t help a pang of guilt when he considered those scars, and the incident in the Landmark when he had knocked Sherlock to the floor. The fall had broken the stitches, John was aware of that now, but it had become just another thing that he and Sherlock didn’t talk about.
There was a faint light behind the shutters of the bookshop/florists as Crowley drove by on his way home from the curry house. Surprised, he pulled over and parked on the double yellow lines outside. Crowley had transmogrified during the journey, (he still hasn’t mastered the art of driving in heels) so he was back in his familiar form when Aziraphale opened the door and silently let him into the shop. As he followed the angel into the back room, Crowley could see that it ws not just the flowers that were drooping.
Too happy to sleep, they lie entwined in the darkness, so very glad to have reached their destination after so many false starts and wrong turns.
It was fair to say that since that appalling episode during Sherlock’s ordeal in Sherringford the detective had treated Molly with a mixture of respect and wariness. They had had a managed a rather stilted conversation regarding the exact circumstances of the telephone call, Molly had behaved with great dignity and had empathised with Sherlock’s dilemma. She had been hurt, that was true, but both Greg Lestrade and surprisingly Mycroft had helped her to put the situation into perspective. The arrival on the scene of Stefan shortly afterwards had also contributed to the healing process.
Slowly, Sherlock’s life began to resemble the life held had led five years ago, before Baker Street, before The Fall, before John. Lestrade appeared at his door one morning with a case that lived up to its potential as a seven. Shortly afterwards a private client engaged Sherlock with a fat cheque and some missing documents. It was a solitary life but until John, Sherlock had never expected anything else. He bore more than just physical scars to mark his time away. While the wounds on his back were tight and itchy and Sherlock blamed them for keeping him awake at night, the two years on the run, perpetually on the lookout, anticipating danger, had left him permanently changed. Mycroft worried about him and called into Baker Street far too often and got on Sherlock’s nerves, his solicitude a thin disguise for ensuring his little brother was staying off the sweeties. Sherlock was lonely but projected the sentiment onto his brother just for the reaction it produced.
“There’s plenty of entrances to the caves but this is the nearest, so it makes sense to start here, though we won’t be exploring far without equipment.” Steve said, pre-empting Sherlock’s next question. “Grab the torches Danny-boy.”
Once they reached the corner of Lyon Place where Sherlock stopped and addressed John and Mary, “I’m sorry Miss Sutherland, Dr Watson but here I am afraid I must leave you.”
“Not at all, I thought you would probably want to examine his room, so I fetched the spare set from the Bursar’s office while you were in with the Duke. Although, when we discovered John was missing, his room wasn’t locked. Dr Huxtable has ordered it to be locked since.”
“Found this Sir, tucked inside a book on the bedside table, on what we think was Patrick’s side. Not sure what to make of it thought you might want to take a look.”
“Not that I am aware, we restrict the younger boys’ access to their devices,” Dr Huxtable enunciated the word in a way that dripped distain, “we don’t allow unsupervised use.”
Sherlock locked the cabin behind them, and they set off on the short walk along the promenade to Wilvercombe’s landmark hotel.
“You’ve got me completely wrong John.” Sherlock replied, standing up and putting Rosie down, “I think it sounds quite jolly.”
“I’m glad you called in, you have saved me a trip upstairs, these were delivered this morning, I had to sign for them.” Mrs Hudson pointed to two rather smart suit carriers that were hanging on the back of the door, embossed with the logo of
Tonight, returning to his bedsit in Montague Street, as he passes the portico of the British Museum, Sherlock cannot prevent a smile. Six months, three days and seventeen hours.
Mary had already realised that physically Dr Watson was her type, attractive in a stocky, military way, intelligent but not as much as she was, honourable but with an edge to it. Turned out he was good in bed, which was a bonus, a man worth hanging up your holster for. What surprised her and finally convinced her that Sherlock’s death was genuine, was that John Watson was completely poleaxed by grief at the loss of his friend. Although that made her job easier, lending a listening ear and a shoulder to cry on. Within weeks John was practically living at her flat in Kensal Green, and within months he had asked her to marry him.
“If only you would consider a useful occupation” Mycroft’s days of wishing his brother would join him in The Service are long gone, such a liability
When he got back to his flat four hours later, Crowley poured himself a drink, kicked off his shoes and sat down to think. After several drinks and a go on the karaoke, Crowley had learnt a great deal… about Janine. About Mary he had learned that she and Janine had met at a spin class about six months ago, and he had only gleaned that snippet of information because Janine had told him. He had never known anyone keep their cards so close to their chest, and he had played poker in the Kremlin.
“John! It was the gardener…” Grabbing his husband by the hand “Come on John, we’ve a killer to apprehend”
John’s words seemed to strike home. Abe bowed his head and was silent for a full five minutes before was able to speak again.
“James Bond… 007… we watched the films together… when I lived here,” John enlarged but the blankness continued. “Never mind you probably deleted them once they were finished.”
Sherlock set the alarm on phone for 3.15pm to remind him to collect Rosie (not that he would ever forget) and booted up his laptop. Lestrade had promised to send him over the photographs of the Camberwell corpse and he was anxious to see if he could identify the similarities himself. The day passed in earnest research interspersed with lengthy texts to Scotland Yard. Around one thirty Lestrade popped by with Donavan and Sherlock reeled off his deductions so far, then the two police officers departed for the house in Camberwell. Sherlock watched them go with a touch of regret, but it was ten to three and he had a promise to keep.
Sherlock was saved further embarrassment by the waiter arriving with their coffee, the moment passed and after the coffee had been poured, John’s questioning took a different route.
It hadn’t been updated for a long time and hadn’t had many hits, but its author claimed to be able to identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb. It also contained a detailed analysis of 243 types of tobacco ash, but John skipped it and went straight to the author’s name.
Sherlock quickly deduced the rest and rattled off his findings without revealing their sources. Two years nursing in Australia (small tattoo) before back packing in Malaysia (collection of leather wrist braids). This man would easily make a success of army life, resilient and with a strong sense of duty of care for his patients, compassionate, kind and down to earth. Sherlock reassured him that his girlfriend would be true while he was away and snuck in the deduction that his boyfriend would be too for good measure. Bill, the name the man had given Sherlock, burst out laughing and called to his companions now waiting outside “Hey, this guy’s good”
“I know, confusing isn’t it, you would think of all the names in the world they would go for a bit of variety. Let me see if I can explain…” she took another drag on her cigarette. “when I was growing up the duke was the seventh duke, Edwin, I think that was his Christian name, but I never heard it used. He was quite an old man when I was born, and his wife had already passed; he died when I was seven or eight. They had a handful of children, but only the boys counted,” she laughed and went on, “Lord Saltire, he became the eighth duke, Lord Arthur was his younger brother, quite a few years younger; he was the present duke’s father.
“Is it an isolated farm? Do you think there is any likelihood they would have heard what has happened here, or been aware of the air ambulance?”
The bedroom door opened, and Sherlock emerged, John stared at him, trying to determine if his friend was looking or acting differently. Sherlock seemed flushed, his neck peeking out from his open shirt looked blotchy, and his eyes, were they really sparkling? John tried to work out how long Sherlock had been gone.
Sometimes late at night, after a case is satisfactorily concluded, a takeaway consumed. After the fire’s lit, Rosie’s in bed and Sherlock has put down his violin, after two fingers each of the twelve year old malt are poured, the conversation at 221B turns philosophical.
“Didn’t they tell you?” Alice exclaimed, “He suffered a stroke the day after Mr Cloete died, he has been in the cottage hospital ever since!”
After the first fitting, John, who had a few days off work, came back to Baker Street ostensibly to catch up with Mrs Hudson, but in truth because he was anxious to start the dancing lessons. He was certain that the extra months he now had in which to practice, they were still unlikely to be enough to prevent him making a fool of himself on the day.
At last with Rosie in her stroller, occupied with her surroundings, they headed for the park and a sheltered bench, once seated Sherlock had as much of John’s attention as he could hope for.
The sign on the door had been the same for so long that Crowley no longer bothered to read it, he had committed it to memory at least a century ago.
“Mrs Gray, I am the Head Cook. Tell Debs she can have a break to talk to you, Robbie here can cover.”
“I must commend you on your ability to act the jealous partner, Dinah found it very convincing, and it certainly aided me in the role I had to play.”
“I’m not sure… ok, ok I’ll send someone to find out.” Lestrade beckoned one of the uniformed officers that was stationed at the end of the corridor and instructed her to make some phone calls.
, was John’s first thought when he opened his eyes and saw the British Government ensconced in Sherlock’s chair. John’s second thought was,
John noticed Sherlock’s eyes light up as Dinah walked towards him, breathtakingly beautiful in ice-blue lace. John nudged him forward to meet his bride, and they stood together, with Dinah’s p.a. who had escorted her in on her left.
Sherlock had had time for the numerous deductions that had been swirling around his head since Abe Garvey’s arrival to settle; now they came into play as he addressed the American. “You might indeed have loved each other very much but Eddie Hilton left America because he had to get away from you and the sordid closeted life you imposed on him. He chose to make a clean break and his marriage was result of that, not the cause.
On the exhale Mycroft waits, undecided, and then he replies, “You might see if you can ascertain why Lady Smallwood is visiting my brother”.
On starting to play the Shostakovich again, Sherlock had recalled that he had learnt the piece before; at the age of about eight or nine he had been chosen to play it in his school concert. The other violinist had been a boy in the year above him although not as tall as Sherlock, a competent player and they had matched each other well. As they had been thrown together for rehearsals Sherlock had begun to tentatively wonder if he might achieve that elusive status of a friend. Then, just before the concert started, the boy
“… went for a meal afterwards… had tickets for the Albert Hall, and things seem to have progressed from there.”
He was now surreptitiously watching an instructional video on the art of napkin folding on his laptop while Mary went through the RSVPs.
“This is Stefan, Mrs Hudson. He’s from Krakow in Poland. He’s a radiologist at Bart’s. I’m taking him up Oxford Street to see the lights.”
Aziraphale looked flummoxed, the second stage of his plan required alcohol. Lilith came to the rescue.
“Not much time to get the thing together,” John observed, “Less than a fortnight. What you going for? Quick trip to the register office?”
Steve and Danny had left, with the promise to say nothing of the morning’s adventures until Arthur was back home. Sherlock had hoped to manage his return with John without drawing too much attention to themselves, it was lunchtime and the boys and most of the staff were engaged in the dining room. Unfortunately, this ruled out his plan to smuggle John back into the school through the kitchens and they were forced to use the main doors. Dr Huxtable flew out of rooms, closely followed by Tony Aveling, the moment they arrived at the main entrance, and was alternately fussing over John and the state he was in, and berating Sherlock for having left that morning without a word to anyone.
“You are aware, Dr Huxtable, that the persons who are holding Lord Saltire have expressly prohibited any outside interference. His Grace is particularly anxious to obey them to the letter. The fact that so many people from the school have been alerted to Lord Saltire’s disappearance is unfortunate, but regarding the ransom only you, I and the Duchess have been taken into his confidence and you did not have permission to disclose it to anyone else.”
Sherlock adopted a sorrowful expression, “I am sorry, the item is most precious, and I promised to deliver it into her hand.”
“You know my methods John. When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth”
As John spoke, Mary’s emotions, as displayed by her general demeanour and posture, ranged from incredulity, to sorrow, to anger and back to disbelief.
A hundred miles down the road, Sherlock still hadn’t said a word. John had found some fairly upbeat music to keep him going until he suddenly felt the tiredness hit him like a wall, so when he saw the sign for services, he pulled in for a coffee and to quickly check his messages. The surgery wasn’t very happy with him, which reminded him of the old days, but Rosie had behaved for Mrs Hudson and that was the main thing.
