"I have many ways, and one of them is to sleep on top of you because you are warm," Tony decided, climbing up to do just that, tucking his head under Steve's chin.
"That answers my question." Tony chuckled. "Then first thing, we'll get you introduced to human food. I'm assuming fish is out of the question, so I'll order us some pizzas. One of my favorites, and I don't have to cook." The man explained, pulling out his phone to call in the order.
Steve nodded, scooping Tony up carefully in a bridal carry and heading towards the bathroom. "After this we can go over to my place and get warm and cozy. I'll make some lunch and we'll talk about this 'personal assistant' business."
“Tony? You find her? She alright?” Steve asked, he and Dodger following in after. The blond stopped when he saw his lover stop, the brunet oddly quiet, “Tony? Everything okay…?”
"I figured. Probably wanted to snooze with his Daddy." Steve smiled, looking over at Tony. "He might be jealous when he wakes up and finds you in here with Sammy and not him," he hummed teasingly.
In the shop, Tony sighed happily at his completed desk, smoothing a hand over the wood; it had been much easier to build than he had thought, especially since he already had reinforcements pre-made that he could put in. Smirking, he ran to grab his other toys, carefully putting them in the desk drawers. For an added touch, he pulled his fake glasses out from the bag, slipping them onto his face.
"I won't make a mess. I've been doin' good, Daddy." Peter proclaimed, managing to get a spot of jelly on the corner of his mouth.
"Thank you guys, again. We'll talk to you soon." Steve called with a smile, heading out to the car and getting Sammy settled in his seat.
"It all about a comfortable pressure and pace; Whatever makes your body feel good, alright?" Tony continued, hand wrapped around Steve's and slowly starting to move them up and down the blond's member in slow strokes.
"I know, bubba bug. We gotta get you changed first." He replied to the boy, getting him in a fresh diaper and a new onesie with little bears on it.
"Horrible," Tony wheezed, gulping down air, "Horrible, horrible man." He smiled weakly, still trying to get air in. Laughing, Tony laid on his back, hands going into Steve's hair.
"Beauty is pain." Steve said with a breathy chuckle, helping slip the corset off over Tony's head and tossing it aside. He ran his hands gently across Tony's chest with a hum. "Kept your skin warm, though. Feels good."
He sighed in exasperation, hopping off Steve's lap to grab his cup, going over to kitchen station to pour another invisible cup of coffee.
"Please don't go, Daddy," he whispered, tear tracks evident on his chubby face, "If I'm noh goin' nowhere, you's can't eider."
"We have a meeting?" Steve asked anxiously. "Do we have a meeting? Please tell me we have a meeting on Friday with them. Her. Whichever."
Steve ran his nails down along Tony's chest as he could feel pleasure building up in the pit of his stomach and thrumming through his body.
Steve sent a small smile their way, coming up to hug the two. "I love both of you boys. You are both my sweet boys."
"You say such nice things," Tony snorted, resting his hands on Steve's pecs, "Are you actually gonna follow through with any of that, or..."
"He was belittling himself and hitting a low." Bucky pointed out. "He was saying that he was no good, a terrible husband, and would make a terrible father, so I felt he needed to be lead in the right direction."
"M'your tight lil' virgin," Tony breathed, having to squeeze the base of his cock to keep himself from coming, "Y'takin' m'flower, Sir--"
He clapped Tony on the back and gently pushed him towards the truck before turning back to Steve. Steve extended his hand to the other man in greeting.
"That’s a good point. Sorry, I'm still a little preoccupied mind-wise." Steve hummed, picking Peter up carefully to carry up to their room for a nap.
"I know it stinks, but waiting a little longer is better than me just outright saying 'No', right?" He asked the boy softly. "Once Sammy can at least toddle, we'll look around for a pup, okay?"
"So, we figured on the third floor would be the room for my studio stuff? That’s the bulk of my stuff, actually. And we were talking about getting a king sized bed. So would our beds now go in the spare rooms?"
"You are just so eager. You enjoy getting punished, boy?" Steve hummed, going to grab the lube from the bedside table. He plucked a pillow and moved it to place under Tony's hips.
He had arrived in front of the office door. Steeling his nerves, Tony knocked on the door. He anxiously waited for what felt like an eternity before he heard a voice from inside.
"It's intriguing, Rogers, it is," Tony murmured, putting his cup down to swipe up his pipe, "Now, shall we go back to the daily crossword? Talk through the answers while I think about the case."
Tony quickly rid himself of his shoes, pants and briefs, straddling Steve's waist before reaching over into the nightstand drawer for lube.
"Agreed, man, agreed," Clint called, hands still on Bucky's and Nat's hips. He rolled his eyes, turning back to Tony, "Have fun sexing up sex on legs, here. If you need me, don't call. I've got a lady to please."
Peter opened his mouth silently, but Sammy babbled for him, clinging to Peter's neck and giving Steve a tiny pout.
"Hey," he whispered, grabbing Steve's collar and tugging him into the bedroom, "We need to put Pete's gifts out, then we're done."
"Ready to go? Daddy said he was gonna start making Christmas cookies at home. Don't wanna miss that, right?"
"This is gonna be fun," he chuckled to himself, heading off to change into slacks and a button down.
"Anyway, Tony, don't ever hide things like that from me. I can help you if you ever need help." Steve whispered, running his hand through Tony's hair. "You don't have to say anything if you don't want, but don't block the bond. I don't block it from you. There is no reason for me to."
"I think the only thing you could do wrong is snap my dick off with your tight little ass," Tony replied smugly, tapping Steve's hips, "Switch places with me, Stevie."
Tony quickly smooched Steve back before heading to his car, driving the few short blocks to Bucky, Natasha, and Clint's apartment. He quickly walked up to the door, not surprised to find it unlocked.
"Oh my God, Tony..." Steve whispered out, quickly going to get the burn ointment. "That is terrible. You should've gotten it checked out."
"Well that’s just how it was made." Steve explained, petting Peter's hair. "They may look funny, but it helps them see prey from the side. So they could be moving forward, but be looking right at 'ya.".
"Anyway, Captain America and Iron Man decide to take Spiderman under their wing and teach him how to be a superhero." Steve continued. "And so, their adventure begins... As soon as I get to making more adventures."
'My game?' Steve said nervously, following Raavi, but looking back towards Tony as the brunet followed suit behind him.
"I set this ceremony up, months in advance, to make sure you wouldn't by some off chance miss it. And what do you do?"
Steve happily complied, picking up his speed relentlessly and making sure to find that sweet spot. He nuzzled his way into the crook of Tony's neck, nipping and sucking at the skin and feeling the vibrations of Tony's breaths against his lips.
"Well just so you know, calling me Papa suits me fine. And I'm 100% positive I'm a boy, okay bubba?" He explained, ruffling the boy's hair.
"No Christmas sex? Damn," Bucky whistled, sliding in the last drawer and standing up, "Stark must get off in the shower a lot."
"But we are not calling them today. I have dinner on and your son is exhausted. After we eat and he is back in bed, we can do a little something. Deal?"
"Rest, Tony. You actually lost a lot of blood." Steve said softly, a small sound of guilt in his voice. He patted at Tony's hand gently, trying to help keep him relaxed.
Steve glanced back with a playful look before turning back to the mix. "And that’s why only you get to see it." He replied. "I don't plan to go out with the limp. People would put two and two together."
"Steve-- Steve, not yet," Tony groaned, tugging him off, "Don't wanna come yet, wanna be in you first."
busy man. Taking all this time out of his busy days to essentially babysit Steve until he had a decent grasp on human life had to be a burden on the man.
As an afterthought, he laughed, closing his door quickly while he rooted through his nightstand for his jewelry box, clipping in his nipple rings and double piercings on his right ear.
"Not that I don't completely love that you did this, but you're sick and just ran through the rain and got all soaked which doesn't help." Steve pointed out. "And you pulled me away from the baby and he's by himself..."
The blond just shrugged in response. "Fine. I'll just stay here and paint. Probably won't know what half the things there would be, anyway." He hummed. "You could find something for
"I know. It’s different when you have a kid, especially with what had been going on with Peter recently." He stated a bit breathy, leaning with the bites.
"Alright, pipsqueak, let’s go eat," Tony yawned, standing up from the bed before gathering Peter into his arms.
"Love you too, baby." He whispered back, unsure if Tony actually heard him but he at least said it and meant it as his eyes slipped closed. Tomorrow. Tomorrow would be better.
"Mmmm, wha, wha's up," He mumbled, shaking slightly as he was jolted from sleep, "Oh. Hello, Mr. Eager." He laughed, and sat up to stretch, sighing happily as his back cracked.
"The way it sounds, I'm still more of the bride." Steve chuckled softly. "Not that I mind honestly if I was." He hummed at the kisses, petting at Tony's hair and shutting his eyes softly. "There'll be quite a bit to do. Things to plan. But we have plenty of time to worry about it all."
“That is why I’ve called you here. To explain what’s been going on.” Steve said carefully, trying to keep his voice firm and steady despite sitting there naked in front of his team. “It’s something I thought could be kept out of team knowledge until we recently found out that dealing with the issue is going to take a lot longer than expected.”
Tony rolled his eyes fondly and grabbed a shirt for Steve and himself, tossing it to the blond once they got to Pete's room.
Steve looked over to Tony, keeping Peter close as he felt the boy relax against him. He let out a soft sigh as they settled.
"Tony. Tony, hey, what happened baby? You alright?" Steve huffed, running his hands along Tony's chest, searchingly.
"We scared the hell out of Peter," Tony muttered, placing gentle kisses over Steve's abs, "We should go get him."
. It’s my fault, anyway. I was determined." Steve said softly, cupping Tony's face. "I'm fine. Are you okay?"
"I bet that your dad was great guy. At least you know that he actually wanted to come home and see you and your mother.".
He patted at his Papa's chest, squealing when he spotted Peter curled up on the couch watching TV. Steve gasped softly with a smile at the baby.
Tony quietly reached up to stroke Steve's hair, shutting the laptop and pushing it aside. He drew up his knees, turning to press a kiss into Steve's hair.
"Okay?" Steve grinned softly, chest fluttering a bit with hope. "Does that mean you would be okay with a new baby in the house?"
"Now you'll be a good boy for Uncle Buck, Auntie Tasha, and Uncle Clint, won't you bubba bug?" Steve asked the baby, making funny faces at him.
He stood on shaky feet to grab a duffle bag from under the bed, hastily packing a few changes of clothes, a small bath kit, and as a last thought, the secondary razor he kept behind his hair gel.
"I'll go with whichever choice makes you most comfortable. I can deal with any of those options, honestly." He admitted.
"All right, I'll draw with you." He grinned, reaching for a marker he was Peter wasn't using right now. "Can Daddy color with us too?" He asked the boy, then glancing up at Tony.
"Fuck," Tony grunted, digging his nails into Steve's back, "Gonna make me come from sayin' stuff like that, babe." He moaned softly, taking one hand off Steve's back to jerk himself off in tune with his thrusts.
He knocked on the door after realizing he had just been standing outside of it for a good minute or so. Shortly after, he was greeted with a familiar face wearing a large grin.
"Don't be sorry, no one knew," Tony rolled his eyes, tugging Steve to the living room. He pushed the blond into their recliner, happily snuggling into his lap.
The young man decided to walk around on the beach, contemplating on what he had saw. For some reason, figment or no, that man just wouldn't leave his mind.
He wrote down a bit more in his notes before continuing. "And it’s also absolutely fine to ask out for help. This is not something even the strongest willed people can do alone. And from what Virginia has told me, you have a good group of people to turn to. They can help give you that assurance also."
"You mean because I've never been on a date?" He shrugged, "I mean, I'm trying not to think about it. The promise of food helps."
"Of course I do." Steve said reassuringly, closing his eyes. "It felt great and I had fun. Of course I would want a next time." He trailed his fingers along Tony's back. "And eventually, we could switch up roles or try other things, too."
"No, Peter. That's not happening," Tony replied, shifting him in his lap, "Miss Parks is going to have a conference with us, and possibly Flash's parents."
"What a gentleman." Steve teased, entering their flat with a hum and going to hang up their coats. "I suppose you'll tell me what you know as we finish our puzzle?"
They kissed like this for a few moments, a little uncoordinated at first, but they easily got into a groove and Steve started to catch on. The brunet parted the other's lips with his tongue at one point, the other more than happy to accommodate. He let his own tongue dance with Tony's for a bit, exploring the other's mouth with a surprising amount of enthusiasm before they needed to part for air again.
it was about Sarah. "I'm sorry, I've been real insensitive," he mumbled, packing up the leftovers and wiping the table down, "I was only doing what
"Well, I get shy over the more sexual things." Steve explained softly. "But you know what I tell myself? I say 'Hey. It’s just Tony and I. That's all this matters to. If I feel shy about it, he won't mind. He'll help me past it.’ And I'll be the same with you on this front. I'll help you through it. Hey, if anything, think of it as just an outing with a friend just to have some fun. But with slightly more PDA." He chuckled softly. "Or not. It’s your call, hon."
"I know, and I've gotten better at asking people for help," Tony replied quietly, "But I grew up being... Quite brainwashed into the idea of not asking for help. So I've learned to cope. On my own."
"Mhm. Watch when we go for walks," Tony smiled, "He holds my hand tighter whenever a lady walks by and looks at me. He's very protective."
“Point taken.” Tony said with a hum, stroking his chin as he thought “Might have to take a note from his book with your clothes too so you’re not tearing through a pair each change. Have to work on the material to stretch with the shift in musculature and bones.”
He texted back, finishing up and heading upstairs. The others were resting in the living room, so it wouldn't be much of a problem.
"It's real soothing," he slurred back, completely at Steve's mercy. Tony's groans were softer now, whimpering at a loss of contact.
Sammy squawked at that, unhappily smacking his tiny hand against Tony's chest, seemingly offended. Steve huffed a quick laugh at the baby's reaction, hugging Peter close.
"Thank you." Steve told him sweetly, then reaching into his pocket to pull out a few dollars and tossing it into the musician's case.
He pulled out a pair of lavender-laced panties, made of nice silk. He displayed them to Tony for the moment before looking into the box and raising a brow.
Steve sighed as Peter left. It was too early for this. "Thank you." He hummed, kissing Tony good morning. "And why was feeding the manta rays so secret?"
"I'll find a way to bring it back, I promise you," He whispered, flicking his eyes between Steve's clear ones, "I'm going to make sure you and I are back on our regular schedule, because you deserve every last good thing in this world that makes you happy."
"Papaaaa," Peter groaned, stuffing a spoonful of cheerios into his mouth, "Why y'goh baby tal' all d'time?"
"We're coming to eat baby, promise." Steve chuckled, leading him and Tony to join the rest, "But Peter will sleep if he wants Santa to come. He doesn't show up until kids of the house are asleep."
"I really hit jackpot. Y'know, from the feel a'things." Tony laughed, leaning back to wink up at Steve. "Don't act so bashful, Rogers. You're obviously packing in that department."
"Ooh, I like the penguins. The baby ones are cute and fluffy." Natasha smiled softly, sitting down on the couch and bouncing Peter on her knee as the boy giggled.
He flicked his eyes over to Steve and smirked, settling comfortably in his seat. The Doctor shivered at the fingers along his neck, fighting off the blush wanting to creep up his neck.
"Hey, hey." Steve scolded gently "We get why you did it Peter, but you still need some sort of punishment for it. So for today and tonight, no TV unless it is what Daddy and I happen to watch."
"Tony, if you're done, come out here please." Steve said softly, looking over to the bathroom door. "I'm honestly confused about all of this...?"
He wriggled out of his clothes down to his briefs, pulling his equally-nude husband back down on top of him.
"Mmm, I'm bottoming? Good," Tony murmured, slipping his hands up Steve's shirt, "It's been a while. Much too long. Like, three days. Way too long."
"So, you think that sometime you'd want to go out? Like on a date. With me." Tony asked, resting his head against Steve's broad shoulder. A guy could get used to this.
Tony made sure Peter had his little backpack shouldered-- full of games and pajamas-- and handed him Wade the Penguin before putting his own coat on, looking up when Steve came down.
Tony stared at the piece of paper, reading it over and over again in his mind. That's why Steve always kept the pieces hidden. They were meant to be a gift for him. Tony felt his eyes wanting to water, but he didn't let them. After Tony yelled at Steve for something that wasn't his fault and after Tony avoided him for over a week, Steve still gave the project to him as a gift.
"These are called feet, not fins. They help us stand on land along with these little puppies." Tony explained, warily wiggling his toes again. "They are toes. The feet and toes attach to the legs and knees and that's how we can walk."
Tony nodded, standing and pulling Steve to his feet. He brought him over to his side of the desk, getting him to sit. Tony slotted himself between Steve's legs, pulling the blond down for a kiss, plunging his tongue down his throat with a groan. Steve kissed back with a soft moan, cupping Tony's face with his hands, sucking and running his tongue over the other's in a passionate kiss.
Tony couldn't bring himself to pull up his arms around Steve, only letting himself cry into his shoulder.
Tony's eyes shot open, his heart beating wildly and mind going a mile a minute. It was another panic attack. He started to clutch at his chest, no ARC reactor to be found. He started to hyperventilate, unaware of his surroundings.
"He was called to talk with the dean.". Bruce explained. "You might be able to catch him on his way out, or I could leave a message for you.".
"I think he's only been sick once or twice. He's... yeah," Tony tried to explain, leaving out the immune system definitions, "Now, enough chatter from you. You need to sleep this buggy away, alright?"
"You started it." Steve chuckled, scrunching his nose softly. "But don't sleep on the floor. It’s your bed, and the floor isn't comfortable. I'd sleep on the floor before I'd let you."
Steve grinned back at him as he went to start some coffee as Tony searched for pen and paper to use. He sat at the table, giving Tony his coffee when he returned.
"Gotcha, babe." He breathed, thrusting hard and deep to hit the spot. Steve let out a soft moan as he could feel Tony starting to tighten around him slowly. He held onto Tony's hip with one hand, reaching around and taking the man in hand with the other and pumping him in time with his thrusts.
After Peter was bathed and put into his pajamas, Steve had him scooped, carrying him toward he and Tony's bedroom.
He brushed the boy's bangs to the side and kissed his forehead, bouncing him on his hip while he went to fetch Peter's bear pajamas and new undies.
Peter grumbled again, but made no other protests as he was tucked into bed with his penguin. Steve pet the boy's hair gently, leaning down to kiss the boy's forehead.
"I'm not quite sure, yet." He hummed, tapping the end of his pencil against his lips in thought. "I think we should incorporate mail in whatever we do with it. Since it’s really the whole reason we met."
"Yes. Your ass is gorgeous in satin," He hummed, kissing Steve back before moving down to nibble on his neck, "More gorgeous in nothing, but still pretty damn hot."
"Y'know what? You keep poutin', I'm just gonna keep kissin' you 'til you stop--" Steve sing-songed, kissing at his face softly as they laid in the bed.
"I love you all open and writhing for me," Tony purred, watching Steve scrabble at the blankets as he slipped in a fourth finger, "You're so beautiful, Steve. The universe was so good in pairing me with one of Heaven's perfect angels."
"Not sad, just anxious. Don't know what all you're gonna do." He explained softly. "I trust you though, so it’s not as bad." He hummed, adjusting his arms slightly to be more comfortable.
He pulled off Steve and smooched his cheek before bending over the table, spreading his legs invitingly.
“Don’t be mad at him, Tony. U seems to like him enough,” Steve tried to offer “And just think; it means you’ll have a new Eevee to coddle and gush over. How long has it been since you got to do that?”
Steve grinned. "Well, if you don't feel good, then it'll be with a lot of TLC." He chuckled, snuggling Tony back. "And cold medicine."
"Okay. Since we are going by looks, my Q for you is 'why art?'. With your build, you totally look like a sports buff.".
'Tony?' The brunet heard, snapping him out of his thoughts and causing him to turn towards the blond quickly.
"Then just let go, baby. I'll help you get there." Steve panted in his movements, reaching to take Tony in his hand and pumping in tome with his thrusts.
"Hi Samwich. Daddy got you breakfast there?" The blond grinned, turning back to Peter. "I'll make us breakfast then we can watch our movie, okay?"
Steve gave a hum in response, looking up at Tony carefully as he tried to get used to having the gag in his mouth. He had never used it before now. He rubbed his face against Tony's hand gently in appreciation for the compliment.
Tony dragged Steve over and pushed him onto the bed, swiftly unbuckling his belt and tossing it aside. He went for Steve's shirt and stopped, switching to gently taking it off.
"And we love you too, Daddy. Very, very, very, very much." Peter said, cuddling against him sweetly.
“Is it gonna answer why you’re in the Hulk’s playpen?” Came another voice with a second pair of footsteps announcing Sam and Bucky to the group.
Peter went along with Tony's movements, helping his daddy the best he could in his undressing and carefully getting into the tub. He sunk into the warm water with a sigh of relief, eyes shutting for a second.
Sniffling, Tony nodded, still crying into Steve's shirt. He whimpered, trying to swallow breathes before completely collapsing against Steve. Steve helped keep Tony up for the moment, holding his close and tight.
He gave Peter his plate and sat back down, looking to Tony. "I can't wait to get to do all that. I'll get to sing him to sleep."
"Tattoos or no tattoos, we are meant to be together. I can feel it. And I don't doubt it to be true."
"Mmm, you better know it," Tony hummed, leaning in to nip at Steve's collar, "If not, I guess I'll have to show you."
"Hmm... Getting some things unpacked will be good." Steve hummed softly. "Not everything, just some things. And then we can go ahead and play," He purred playfully.
"Just wish I knew which mail person it was. I bet you it was Stan. He's pretty up there in age and could've gotten mixed up." He murmured finishing up his plate.
"Yeah! Just like youse'll be Iron Man cuz youse making da suit!" Peter said excitedly, causing Sammy to squeak an excited noise in response.
"Sexy times, huh? I think we can manage that." Steve hummed back, pulling him into another kiss, this one a bit more biting and rough.
He gave Steve's hand a squeeze before hopping the bike to hold the door open for him, ushering him into the warmth of the restaurant.
Peter nodded, still a little bleary as Steve carried him into the ice cream shop. He smiled at the array of flavors, sniffling lightly. "I wan' choco-chip cookie doughs wiff m&m's, an' Daddy likes fwench vanillas wiff caramels an' peanuts."
Tony hummed back, smooching Steve's cheek before heading upstairs. He grabbed one of Steve's hoodies first, to cover the bandages. Tiptoeing into Peter's room, Tony sat on the edge of the boy's bed, gently shaking him.
As Tony got up to grab two Cokes from the fridge, Steve settled on the couch, deciding to keep his shoes on. Once Tony returned, he took the can of Coke offered to him, thanking the other kindly.
Steve nodded back, going over to scoop up Sammy and get him upstairs for a change and to pack. The baby whined a bit from all the sudden excitement, Steve shushing him gently.
"Well excuse me for not having it glued to my hand and choosing to bond with my family." Steve answered, rolling his eyes. What’s up, Buck?"
The blond shook his head, straightening up his mess of hair with his hands before venturing out to find Tony.
He raised an eyebrow at Steve, a quirky smile on his lips. Steve rolled his eyes with a grin, continuing to eat.
"Mhm. He wants kids," Tony murmured, leaning in to kiss Steve's neck, "But he doesn't think birdbrain wants any, and he's terrified to ask Nat. I told him if they said no, I'd get him eight dogs to make him feel better."
"Hey, don't sell yourself short, big guy. I might be able to square root 200-digit numbers, but I can barely draw stick figures," Tony laughed, flushing at the kisses, "I'm a mechanic, that's all. A grease monkey."
"You're probably right. But if they find out, they are probably going to come over anyway." He pointed out. "We'll wait a few days to tell them. So we don't overwhelm him too much."
He trailed off, holding back on how badly he wanted to continue to roll his hips down against the other's.
"Yeah. I think I could do it. It'd be a challenge, but I'm up for it," Tony replied, "...I think. Better take the chance before I wimp out."
"Thanks, Tasha," Tony replied miserably, tugging both of them down so he could lay across their laps, "I don't even know what to feel now. It's all--it's moving really fast, even for me."
"More than okay," Tony breathed, still trying to catch his breath, "More than okay. Better than okay."
"Never said we wouldn't love him. Just don't want him to have problems." Steve murmured, hugging Tony and kissing the top of his head. "Especially being as curious as he is, he'll no doubt get hurt more often than not."
"So demanding," Tony teased, dropping a leg over the side of the hammock to gently rock them, "Papa'll get your penguin, and we'll have communal snuggles on our bed, okay? Then we can talk about stuff for when we're at the cabin and you're in charge of Uncle Clint."
"Hi bambi," Tony hummed, reaching over Steve to pour shampoo into his hand, going to lather Steve's hair, "Feelin' okay?"
"Steve," he whimpered pitifully, holding back a choke as he felt him pull out, "Fuck, Steve--" Tony took another breath, shaking slightly as he came down from his high.
"I know, hon. I'm so excited." Steve grinned, taking Tony's hand in his as they carefully watched the nurse get Sammy and his things ready to go.
Tony huffed in exhaustion from all the yelling. Howard glared at his son from across the desk. It was deathly silent for a long while until Howard started rummaging through some papers and getting them set up.
"We can go check. I think Papa calmed him down," Tony murmured, smiling at the affection, "C'mon, let's go see."
Steve couldn't build up words to answer just yet, simply nodding in response behind pants of breath.
"Well, at least she is doing it with good intentions." Steve hummed, making his plate, “What do you think’ll happen if she
"Tony, calm down a little please. I get that you're angry, but don't get so worked up." Steve tried to soothe a bit. "He is an asshole. Everyone knows he's an asshole. I only put up with him for the paycheck and because I got chances to study the art." He explained, warily letting Tony pull him into the bedroom, "Just try and calm down a little at least?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down, Steve. It's okay!" Tony tried to assure, walking over to Steve and pulling the man into a gentle hug. "I appreciate that you wanted to say thank you, and I'm not mad. I just thought that there may have been a fire and
"Hmm... I like the sound of that idea." Steve hummed in thought. "You'd think after years, we'd know all of each other's boundaries. I suppose we haven't gotten to test them all in that time."
“Don’t think of it like that,” Pep says. “Seems to me you’re learning, even these last few days. You’re aware.”
Steve starts to worry at the 20 hour mark. They’ve been sitting in the laboratory for nearly 24 hours, the sun came up a few hours ago and all they’ve eaten is a pizza that Wanda sent down to the laboratory for dinner last night. Steve’s eyes cross and sting as he stares at the code. They’ve made progress, no doubt about that, but he’s tired and he can’t see straight anymore. On the other hand, Tony’s bounding with frenetic energy. His hair spikes up, his sightless eyes gleam, he’s over the moon with excitement about their progress. Steve needs sleep.
“Yeah, boss, they said he’s gotta stay. Something about his bloodwork being wonky.” Happy delivered fresh clothes for Tony to wear.
“They were probably Hydra anyhow,” Steve said. He stood by Clint’s bed and put his hand on Clint shoulder. The man vibrated with energy. His whole body pitched and shivered under Steve’s touch. His soul echoed his body’s shuddering. “This is my fault, Clint. We’re going to fix this now.” The confidence in his voice belayed the true fear thrumming through him. Clint had been through so much after Loki. His mind had been violated and he spent hours upon hours in counseling and not trusting himself. On top of that the idea the Hydra had been in charge of his recovery had spooked Clint enough that the normally reticent archer confided that fact to Steve. The guilt about what happened when he had been under the influence of the staff ate at Clint. Steve might not know Clint all that well, but he understood the kind of man he was. Offering Clint a way to redemption during the Battle of New York had been the right thing to do, but now Steve doubted his actions. Asking Clint to join the pack when the archer had subtly showed signs of doubt may have caused even worse damage to the nascent bond.
“No, sir. It’s the actual interface that integrates the power of the arc reactor with the suit. I’m afraid the energy discharge caused a short. It’s fluctuating. I don’t suspect it w-.”
Steve wipes away the blood from a re-opened scratch on his chest. “You have to be joking?” He walks to the small chest of drawers and retrieves a pair of boxer briefs.  As he puts them on, he says, “Frank, you can leave. I’ll see you in a few weeks?”
“I don’t see how Rogers would have anything to do with killing Fury. He’d only do something like that if Fury was dirty,” Tony said and had known that it would be more than that. Fury would have had to cross a line, a line deep in the sand that would cause Cap to be a party to killing him. “Can you find out what’s going on?”
Steve pulls out and then shoves in, then pulls out and shoves in. Then as Tony whimpers against the feeling, he sets up a pace that Tony tries to follow but can’t. He keeps the rhythm slightly broken and frustrating (to them both). He wants it to last as long as it can. Tony thumps his fists on the bed.
The leader waves his weapon at Tony while comforting the boy by stroking his hair from his face. “You come to save the lion?” He speaks English.
“I’ll remember that. Thank you – well thank you for looking after me.” His hand slipped down her arm and touched the inner portion of her wrist. For a long moment, his fingers lingered on her pulse point, feeling the thread of her life. It punched into him like a dagger, hot and sharp. His vision whited out and everything went dead around him except for the thrum of her heartbeat. It beat, deafening and all encompassing, in his head. She cringed and cried out as he spoke, “Confidant.”
As they left the elevator and walked into the shabby cottage, Steve scanned the sky for any sign of Iron Man through the holes in the roof. Clint jogged out of the ruin down house and Natasha stopped Steve with her outstretched arm.
Tony closed the small distance between them and clasped Steve’s shoulders, rubbing them. “For me, you were always more than just a caretaker and a meal. You were and always will be my love.” His eyes – those eyes so strange and alien – never left Steve’s gaze. Tony implored him with those eyes – red and gold glinting in the filtered sunlight. “Always.”
Clint remained a distance away from him, as if he feared that Steve might retaliate. “You don’t know how it is. You didn’t grow up with the Vamp War as a memory.”
White lightning streaked across his vision and then he saw Tony, hanging on the cross on the roof of the Triskelion. Light radiated from the metal skewer in his chest as he bowed his head. Steve approached him. He was dressed as if he was an honored member of the V-Corps. He crouched down low and studied Tony. He reached for the skewer, touching the warmth of the light. It felt like the rays of the sun on a summer day. He smiled and then met Tony’s gaze as he lifted his head.
“The bond broke,” Natasha answered for them. “It’s complicated but the Russians have a method to strip soul bonds, or at least put them-.”
Tony gazes down at Steve as he slips onto his lap. “That’s the point, Steve. You don’t have to take it seriously all the time. Relationships, love, let’s you be silly, let’s you ask ridiculous questions, let’s you be you.”
“Oh, yes, very secretive, the large – what is it twelve, fifteen foot wing span you got going on there?” Tony says and holds Steve upright. “Tell me soldier boy, can you fold them?”
“I thought maybe a nice hot shower to wash away the stink of what happened, might help?” Tony looks hopeful at Steve and it’s so earnest and sweet that he almost sinks into a puddle of warm goo right there. He forces himself not to immediately tap his implant and report to Natasha that’s he’s fallen off the cliff of sanity into the sea of crazy.
Steve already knew the theory. Why had they ever woken him up if they just wanted the serum and his cells? It came to him then. Bruce. Bruce and Ross had tried to figure out the secret to immortality once, when Ross’ daughter was sick and dying. Tony had told him that while they’d hid in the safe house. That disaster must have closed Ross’ experiments down for a while, for decades while he tried other avenues.
If Tony is right and this is Captain America, then someone powerful is hunting him – that’s what it sounds like. “Your friends across the hall – they were in the Army or something with you?”
“My, you know your stories about blind and deaf people.” Tony’s expression remains frozen, hard to read.
Steve tugs one of the many sashes away from Luke and picks a blue one. It will go well with his eyes. “Can we focus here?”
Although she’s an adult, there was something desperate about her, something wounded that makes him think she’s younger than she looks. The way Steve talked to her, and about someone named Clint.
Steve mewled and lifted his hips wanting more. He released Steve’s cock. Tony hovered over Steve, fingers still deep inside and slipped a hand under Steve’s neck to lift him to his lips. Tony kissed hungrily, greedily. If this was all he would ever have, then he would take it. His soul yearned for it. His soul bled for it, seeping out its life for this kiss, this touch, this moment in time.
That can’t be right. No. Pepper never figured out Tony’s secret obsession. His father always called it dirty and disgusting. Tony’s been holding that secret in his heart for decades. “No. I haven’t been mooning and I don’t appreciate all you did to make sure I’m stuck here with Mister Shive Up His Ass for the long weekend.”
“Really. The Department of Defense doesn’t even allow them.” Tony doesn’t look at the transcripts. He leans in his chair and the wide back creaks. “Tell me about these classes you took.”
“I’m going to scissor my fingers and open you up. You like that. Feel me opening you. You need me to open you, you’re gonna take me all in. All of you. I’m gonna pound you.” Steve quakes with need as he feels the walls of Tony’s entrance push against his long fingers. He twists and opens and twists and opens. It’s tight and Steve forces himself to wait it out.
When Pepper asked again to transfer their residence back to Malibu as he walked in the door, Tony couldn’t say no. “When?”
Tony lifts his gauntlet and aims, a repelling cable shoots out and lands precisely at the top of the ridge. “Can you get us up?
Natasha whipped around and glared at him. “I don’t have time for a history lesson. But what they are doing essentially leads to a condition l can only describe as truly undead with no real consciousness.”
Steve bows his head and flashes of memories, seeing Tony on his hands and knees in the room over the jailhouse begging for breath as his heart assaulted him from the inside come to him unbidden. “No, I don’t think that would be wise.”
Steve agrees to take the wheelchair. If he’s honest with himself, his legs wobble and weaken as he stands. It’s going to take a lot more than a few extra days in bed to heal. Both Natasha and Tony study him as he settles into the chair. Their looks mirror one another – worry, concern, and something else – outright fear. They’re gambling that this is going to work and they’re pinning all their hopes on Steve following and towing the line. He nods in silent concurrence to their plan. They leave the hospital without incident.
When he looks up from his meal, Tony gazes at him as if he sees the far reaches of the galaxy and knows the meaning of it all. Steve flushes hotly and puts his finished bowl down.
Tony stops his ministrations and considers him. “You do have a point, but the fact still remains, without the ability to procreate what is an omega?”
“But what is that exactly?” Steve asks. “He hasn’t been to his home in a long time, he said. He’s always in space. Always fighting. Never home. What does he have to go home to? To look forward to?”
Steve flinches as if he’s been slapped, and this time he not only jerks his arm from Bucky’s grasp, but also steps away from him, going to the staircase. “What happened in that place-.” He needs to stop because talking about it still conjures nightmares and images he’d like to forget, to burn out of his head forever. “What happened there wasn’t because of -.”
“But isn’t there a conflict of interest or something?” Tony says. His eyes look wild and untamed with fear.
“Well, then be careful, okay? He seems like he’s good for you, Tony. Don’t push him away. You need more friends, more people who care.”
Steve settled his nerves, called on all the courage he had, and mustered the belief in Captain America. He swallowed. His stomach churned; the pressure of gagging pushed up on his throat. The coil of his sickened stomach contorted as he breathed through his nose and gulped down another mouthful. Clint urged him on, thanking Steve and sobbing as he kept the bottle in place.
Flipping the thumb drive over in his hand, Steve stares at it like it might turn into a viper and bite him. “Hmm. I. Really?”
Steve rushes headlong first into an apology. “I shouldn’t have compared you to your father, I’m sorry.”
Bucky peels open his eyes, grimaces, before saying, “No, Clint went with them-.” His words are halting and laced with pain. “You have to get him. He went with the Skull gang, joined up because of me.”
Fury, Clint, and Natasha were the problem. Fury looked furious. Of course, he knew Steve’s status and their arrangement. But the contract stipulated confidentiality. This wasn’t it in his eyes, but Tony and Steve discussed it and they both came to the agreement that the team needed to know why Tony would never say the word ‘surrender’ to an enemy among other things. So they decided mutually to tell the team.  Right now, though, Fury happened to be the least of their worries.
Steve lifts his gaze and states, “I told him I was a homosexual and wanted to resign from the project.”
“I didn’t mean it,” he whispers and rotates around, searching for his lion, because Blu is his – always. Even if he has to leave him here, Tony will always think of Blu as his cat. He fills up his bowl and walks back to his camp. He might as well do the finishing touches on his repair job, and then get out of here. “But he could come back, and I won’t be here. I have to be here to say goodbye.” He decides to finish up his work and then wait, just for a little while for Blu.
All the anguish floods out of Steve no matter how hard he tries to sequester it. His shoulders shake with the sobs that rack his body. Even as he vows to find Bucky, Steve realizes – down deep – that what little hope there might be fades with each breath. Bucky is lost and there’s no coming back from it. Steve squeezes his eyes shut but tears escape. He hangs onto Tony as if he clings to the side of a cliff, ready to fall into an abyss. He body shivers against a cold that’s not there, only housed in his soul, in his heart.
“How long? How long have you been faking it?” Tony growled at him. What would they do to Steve? How would they make him suffer for his betrayal of the V-Corps? “Have you ever been anything but a liar?”
The morning sun heats up the area and Tony rolls his shoulders. His ribs still ache, but his arm and wrist are a little better today. That’s a good sign. Either Blu’s disappeared for good, or he’s actually listening to Tony’s request. Doesn’t matter because Tony’s priority has to be the armor and getting the HUD up and running again. He sits down under the tree and connects up the wires to his chest. The HUD barely responds. A tiny flashing light on the inner jaw of the helmet tells him that the helmet is getting power but putting it on and requesting the read-out leaves him sitting in the heat in the dark.
“It’s none of your damned business,” Steve says but before he can say anything else Rumlow’s pulled out his bully stick and flips the switch. A crackle pierces the air. It’s a shock rod.
Steve doesn’t respond to Tony right away. His realization sends chills up his spine. It’s never been about Tony at all. Ultron wanted Steve. All along. He wanted Steve – other than escaping the worm, finding refuge in Steve’s brain is perfectly logical.
Tony looks around the room, screws up his face, and shrugs. “Sorry, you’re going to have to do better than that.”
“Hmm. Thanks, but I like my meals a medium not rare, or breathing.” The dead eyes of the deer creep him out. The lion stands up and leaves. He walks away from Tony. His offering – a mangled deer with an obviously broken neck - left behind. “Hmm, you can take that. I don’t want it.”
“What does it do?” Steve asked. His hand dropped from Tony’s chest to his own lap. Even that motion drained him of strength. He searched Tony’s expression as it shifted from sorrow to horror.
“Stop calling me that,” Fury says and walks around the table so that he’s directly opposite of Steve. “I have a proposition for you.”
Steve touches the gun and bows his head. “No, no you don’t.” He relents. “I don’t own the town, Mister Stark, you can stay. It is a free country. I fought for that fact alongside all the other Union soldiers. I wonder what you were doing during the war?”
Bruce curled in on himself as if the weight of shame settled on his shoulders. “I thought it was – you have to believe me. I worked on that because I thought it was the right thing to do. He made me believe, but the fact was we couldn’t figure it out and I thought it was safe. I convinced him to work on just the disease after that.”
“Did you consider this might be as hard or harder for him?” Bruce said and sat back from his bowl of soup. They’d been eating lunch on the observation deck of the Tower. Tony had a cheeseburger and fries – Bruce always got soup like he was some kind of granny or something. “One minute he’s fighting Nazis in the 40s next he’s here fighting aliens. He spent the last few years catching up on society. But also he had the lovely complication of a soul pack. Every time he came up here to visit all he talked about was the pack and how he’d been neglecting it. He needs someone to help him, and my understanding of the Beloved role is more significant than you’re making it out to be. From what I understand he won’t be able to do this without you. Other packs that don’t have Beloved roles, well, are composed of different personalities and souls. Our pack – we are dependent on both of you.”
Standing by Steve earlier in the day and feeling part of something grander, something beautiful, had taken Tony’s breath away. Who wanted to be around a soul mate that hated him? He shrugged as he dropped onto his bed. Steve probably didn’t even hate Tony. Steve probably just didn’t approve in his old grandpa kind of way, because Steve Rogers only hated Nazis.
“Are you going to help me out or what?” The high-backed chair gave Tony the chills since he couldn’t see what might be behind him.
“A lot,” Steve says. “But it happened a while ago, right? So, I think the danger is not immediate. The Lower Realm broke through barriers and that hasn’t happened in a millennia. If they succeed, reality comes crashing down.”
when he had no power to heal. He gathered Steve in his arms, but before he climbed to his feet, the shadows around him thickened as if he felt a membrane between worlds. He startled and held Steve closer.
“You, too, then. You’re keeping me awake with all that racket.” Pepper shifted away from his embrace, separating them. The cool air invaded the sheets and reminded him of the cold of space.
Bruce only shook his head. “Just feelings.” He pressed his lips into a tight line and then said, “You know you aren’t alone.”
Darcy blows a bubble with her gum and nods. “Go on back. She’s waiting for you.” She winks at him as he rounds the counter and enters the main work area.
“You’ve help me a lot,” Tony whispers and lets his hands glide upward to Steve’s face as he stands. Beneath him Steve quakes ever so slightly. “I mean it when I say that you’re important to me, Steve.”
“He’s out of it, but okay,” Cho reported. “Whatever you did, or tried to do, don’t do it again.” She accepted the blanket offered to her by a nurse and wrapped it around Steve’s shoulders.
“No, I don’t know that. I grew up when it was a crime. I didn’t do it. Bucky sure as hell didn’t do it,” Steve said. “Sure I heard of some guys who did. You know, the faeries.”
“Don’t think like that,” Steve said and crossed the room. “I’m not leaving you. I know it took me a long time to figure things out, but I’m not leaving. I’m right here, right now. Even when I am acting more like Captain America.”
Steven arches his neck, allowing access to his gland. “Drink from it. Knot me, punish me. There’s no other way to keep me.”
Morgan crawls off Steve’s lap and opens her arms wide for Tony. He steps into the room and lifts her off the bed. He nuzzles her and tickles her as Steve slips off the bed.
“You need an AI. Artificial Intelligence. It should be fairly simple to use the AI to run the computer based learning for the particles and have the AI change it up. I could write you a program, probably in an afternoon.” He stops. “But I think we have to get lawyers involved. It’s Pym’s IP and my AI designs.”
“I don’t think you want to know. Plus, I’m pretty sure you don’t have a penny.” Steve sinks down to side at the garden wall.
Steve arched into his kiss, his bite. Tony looked up and saw the bliss of love and something more over Steve’s face. The blush of life drowned out the paleness of his skin and he quaked under Tony’s hands, as if Steve’s strength failed him and he succumbed to Tony’s unnatural strength. Crawling up to meet Steve’s gaze, Tony searched his sparkling blue eyes like the days of sun and clear skies he still remembered, though they faded with each passing year. He licked away the droplets of blood. “Of course, I love you. I love you like I love the dawn. I would risk everything for you. Don’t you know that, Steve? Don’t you get it?”
When Tony doesn’t take the bowl, Steve puts it down on the bench and says, “Fine, do what you want.” He grumbles something under his breath about fury or being furious or some shit. Tony decides it’s best to ignore the Army grunt.
For a moment, Steve hesitated. He glimpsed the beautiful markings on his arm, the one that traveled the length of his arm and went up and under his shirt – the Beloved mark. It should be something joyous, something to celebrate. Even if they were not romantically involved, it meant that Steve not only had a team, but a family. He turned, going to the door. Stopping, Steve peered over this shoulder at Tony. He wanted to say something, explain – anything. The words desiccated in his mouth, dry like ash. Why couldn’t he talk to the man?
The entire group left the porch of the farmhouse as a Legion robot hovered near the clearing. Through his earpiece, JARVIS updated them on the scenario. According to the new war game the Legion combatants gathered near the creek on the Barton property. There, they planned on poisoning the water.
“Ah! I have something for that!” Tony rifles around in his bag and brings out a small clip that has a round disc that can be no larger than Steve’s fist. “Put that on your wrist.”
“You’re discovering. What – how old are you?” He put his hands up to halt Steve. “And don’t give me any of that 95 crap.”
“Shit, but I implanted the worm. I know I did. Otherwise you’d be out of the picture now.” Tony rubs his hand through his hair. “Fuck a duck.”
“Is that a good thing or a bad thing.” Tony eases away, worried he’s torturing Steve instead of giving him pleasure.
He aims again for the shins and hits his target easily as Hulk falters from the sharp pain. He slides down the hillside and Steve wants to finish it off, but this is his chance. He needs to rejoin Tony, get up the side of the mountain and find the Passage. Presenting a distraction for Ultron only accomplishes so much. Steve clips the shield back and then rushes to the side of the mountain – as fast as he can considering the snow drifts.
“Not now,” Steve said. He glanced at Tony, seeing the same exhaustion in his eyes that settled in Steve’s core. He put his hand up to ward off Natasha’s protestations. “We’re not going to abandon our home, but we need to-.” He stopped – admitting it to Natasha brought all the pain to the surface.
The mysterious Soul Keeper had once told him, “The Silver Knight must never fall to the Red Knight. If the Silver Knight falls, the whole of the Soul Realm will disintegrate and all the souls within my protection will be destined to become the demon Outriders. You know what to do?”
“It’s my responsibility, even as an angel I have free will,” Steve says and places his hands over Tony’s as he leans into the kiss. And they do kiss, it is not light or tentative but fierce and rebellious.  Steve shifts his hands to grasps Tony, pull him closer, allow him to feel Tony’s body against his, his flesh vulnerable and open to Tony. It isn’t only the passion in the kiss, but the willingness, he tries to show. That he would give up everything for Tony, that he would walk through the gates of hell.
Tony huffs out a sigh and drops into the chair. “Fine, I’ll sit quietly and drink my tea. I’m not an old lady you know.” He picks up the teacup and drinks, screwing up face in response to the taste. “God, what is this?”
He used his other hand to cover his eyes. He couldn’t do this. Mourning. He loathed it. The resentment of the dead. The wish for more time, just more time to fix things. To say the things he always wanted to say. The regret. Regret for not spending the time he had better. He could have done so much more. He could have stopped being such a brat and figured out why his father dedicated so much time to finding Steve. He could have stopped ignoring his mother’s pleas to at least try and connect. He could have yielded to his mother and just stopped fighting with his father at every opportunity, wrecking all their time together. Death only emphasized his own inadequacies.
“Not really. I’m taking a flight home tonight,” Clint said and that only brought up the fascinating subject of where home was for Clint. It wasn’t like Steve ever really spent much time with the archer. Except for the Battle of New York and a few meetings following the victory, Clint had been absent. Natasha only told Steve that Clint had been undergoing long term treatment for PTSD and traumatic brain injury due to the after effects of Loki’s mind control. Steve left it at that – Clint’s business and his health was his own. Steve never liked people butting into his illnesses when he was young, so he refused to do it now.
She narrows her chocolate brown eyes at him. They’re sharper than he would have guessed. “Not interested in your money. “She shrugs but does step aside to let him into the hot front room. There's a window air conditioning unit which isn't doing too much to cool the place. "You want some lemonade?"
Due to my schedule and trying to finish up the rest of my Cap-IronMan RBB, I will post the next chapter of Beloved between 27 May - 3 June. I have not been able to revise as quickly as I hoped. Sorry for the delay. After that I will be posting weekly again until the story is complete! Thank you for your patience. Only 6 more chapters to go!
Happy reappears with clothes and they leave shortly. The nurse delivers discharge orders that essentially tell them to eat right and seek medical assistance if they have any signs of illness. Tony’s not sure what that would mean when he has a person turned lion turned person again to shepherd.
Tony rolled his eyes. “No, actually my mother used it all the time with Howard. The bastard wasn’t always that dedicated to my mother.”
From under the robe, the man swings an AR15 and points it right at the arc reactor. Tony activates the shoulder panels of the armor and they open to reveal the small rockets. “Listen, Mister Warlord, or Lord or whatever it is. Maybe Captain Sparrow? I don’t know. I don’t want any trouble. I’m looking for a lion.”
“But it feels all right and the integrity is holding.” Tony nods as if to himself. He reaches and smooths a hand down the curve of the shield. The nanobots vibrate and Steve feels the slight tickle.
“No, nothing like that. He’s a little upset, though, and I think that’s gotten him into this binge of work that I can’t seem to stop.” Steve sits down on the bed.
“He’s always honest. Except remember he lied on his recruitment forms to get into the army,” Natasha said and she started working again. She wound up cords and rope, grappling hooks, and placed them into a backpack.
“Will do,” he says. She leaves and he retrieves the bag, boots, and then throws off his robe. He finds some nice silk panties with a silk a-shirt just in case, and then slips on the uniform and boots. It fits perfectly. He’s so excited he has to race to the mirror to look at himself. This is what it would be like to officially be part of the Stark Systems, part of the crew, part of Tony’s life – for real. He runs his hand down the sleeve. It’s so beautiful. Part of him doesn’t want to believe in the fairy tale – and the other part (the part that dreamed of heroes as a child) sings.
“I won’t need five minutes,” Natasha says as Cho steps out of the room, following Sam. When she faces Tony again, her pouty mouth thins but her eyes soften. She wastes no time in laying him bare. “You need to cut the crap, Tony, and go in there and get your boy.”
“Do you want me to get a cloth to wash you?” Steve asks. He doesn’t ask about a bath since Tony doesn’t want Steve to see him without a tunic on.
Steve sucks the cherry into his mouth, being careful to leave the stem at his lips. He bites down, there’s no pit, only a burst of sweetness edged with a tangy taste that fills his mouth. It’s almost too much to handle and he puts his hand to his lips as he says, “Oh.” A bit of the cherry juice stains his lips.
It’s been a long time since someone held him. They danced and Tony held him. It’s been a long, long time since he wanted to sink into someone’s arms. This fake date – perhaps it’s an opportunity for something more. Something special. Something real.
“Sheriff, your good Deputy here has been spending his precious time with me in hopes that we might uncover some clues as to the whereabouts of my wayward brother.”
Instead of reproach, Stark slaps the table and laughs as Pepper smiles and Banner only rolls his eyes at the exchange. “Oh Pep, I want him, can I have him, please?”
The Enforcer at his side went to the door and opened it. A shuffled of boots but Steve didn’t bother to strain to look and see who it was. That fact was answered in seconds. “Jesus Christ, what the hell did you do to him?”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Tony said as he watched Rumlow exit the elevator on the cell level.
Sam huffs out an angry breath and marches out of the room. Cho moves aside and pulls the curtain that separates the beds. Steve’s still under, still part of the virtual game.
“What?” That was Natasha. Her hard shell cracked, and she shook as she spoke. “What? Why? Why? Why? Was it the blood loss? What? Did he get shocked?”
“I’m not,” Steve said, but he knew that was a lie. He was even lying to himself now. Having Bucky back in his life meant the world to him. He’d made a life in the 21st century, but his roots were long and strong in a distant past. Denying that only led to failure.
Tony had known he was on the V- Corp radar for visiting Blood Dens. Like other newborn vampires, Tony lived his undead life like a man planning to jump off the Golden Gate Bridge. Every moment of every night could be his last. So, he ended up in Blood dens in a blood fever. Taking what he could get without considering the consequences even when the face of Yinsen haunted his dreams. It didn’t matter. Immortality aside, young vamps rarely lasted more than a few years. Ones like Natasha, Thor, and Loki were different. They’d survived the ages and wars. Tony never saw them drink, he wondered if they even needed to anymore – though Thor and Natasha both had mates.
“God, do it. Fucking do it.” He’s not sure what he’s asking for, or what he wants Tony to do. All he knows is that Tony’s vow to always want to be inside of him throws him into a new fit of desire and his cock is unnaturally hard again already. He doesn’t dare touch it. It’s too painful. The agony of need fills him as much as Tony’s fucking cock stretches and over stimulates him.
“Nothing, nothing. Sam just sent a text. You sleep. I’ll be right back.” Steve leaned down and kissed Tony’s temple as his Beloved drifted back to slumber.
The scene went back to the reporter as he stated the World Court and the United Nations would take up the resolution. Natasha grabbed her phone and began cursing again in Russian. It was Thor who tried to calm her down.
He supposed half of his pent up anxiety centered on his own disgust or dislike of the idea that he might be attracted to Tony. Living with the possibility over the past few weeks wasn’t going to transform him instantly to a liberated gay man. But he had to admit that the idea of denying it felt more like pretending to be something he wasn’t. He had a lot of experience with that back in the day. How many times did he think he could take a bully down only to find himself face first in puddle in an alley way? He understood denial.
“Sometimes you have to give up a valuable piece to win the game,” Steve sneers and then the world drops away around him. A whirling wind of pixels and particles hurtle around him, slamming into him like sleet and ice cold hail.  He squints his eyes and cannot make out his adversary. “You’re not going to win. You can’t win.”
“She’s not down, down.” Penny giggled and Tony only rolled his eyes. What he has to put up with as far as artificial lifeforms.
“I hope you’ll make sure I don’t dance us off the cliff,” Tony says as he places Steve’s one hand around his waist and the other in his hand. “You need to learn how to lead.”
His mind, his heart leans toward a gentle softness for Tony. There’s no lie in that fact. For years now he’s watched Tony’s life from afar, knowing all too well that he would only always be an outside player. Someone Tony worked with – and oh how that stung. He longed for the few days he spent with Tony going over the teams’ abilities, the financials, the strategies. Late into the night they would work. Every now and again, he’d find himself drifting into a fantasy where they were together working as a team – partners in life. He’d imagine reaching over and grabbing Tony’s hand. Or better yet when Tony ambled over for his fourth cup of coffee, Steve followed him and came up behind to wrap his arms around him in an embrace – that would lead to more. But then he would snap out of it and realize that was all a pipe dream.
“That’s not exactly true. I want to be here. I want to be able to afford the augmentation to fix my health problems.” He lifts a shoulder. “It’s just not my dream.”
He climbs the last of the stairs and walks over to Steve's door. He shouldn't be here in more ways than one. He never texted, he didn't set up a meeting. He just got in town and he wants to surprise Steve. He has a bag of bagels and a variety of cream cheeses. It's late morning and he figures Steve should be free and getting ready to sleep or already sleeping. He crosses to the door and, as he's about to knock, the door opens.
There are only a few things in this world that Tony knows without a doubt. One is his love for Steve and the second is that there are nexuses of time. Realities converge and specific events always take place. Not matter what. There’s nothing for it. The Infinity Gauntlet and the snap is a nexus of time.
“I think he’s spent,” Steve says and hangs the suit back in the closet. “I think he feels there’s going to be nothing left once the war is over.” He tugs on the sleeve of the suit. “And I don’t like to think about that.”
“Not really. Not anymore. I’m moving,” Steve says. He’s lucky the landlord let him out of the lease. He still had two months to go, but he agreed to pay out the two months and now he’s free.
Steve always kissed with his hands holding and cupping Tony’s face as if his mouth couldn’t taste enough, as if his body needed to feel everything, every sensation all at once. He touched Tony then, wiped away the blood tears and said, “I would let you drain every last drop of blood from me, if it meant I saved you. Don’t you get it?”
Bucky mumbled a series of curses as he turned around, spinning like a hapless top until he stopped and stared at Tony. His shoulders drooped as if a great weight pushed them down. “Steve’s a good guy. A really good guy.” He swallowed and cringed like he ate something disgusting. “But-.” Closing his eyes and bowing his head, Bucky continued, “I know what it’s like to be taken away from everything and everyone you love. I know it’s not the same thing, but everyone should have free will. Free will to love who they want to love.” He looked up at Tony and his eyes shone with tears. “I can’t say I agree or even that I understand – not yet anyhow – but I can’t take Steve away from someone he loves, it’d be like killing someone again, I can’t.” He broke down then and Tony didn’t hesitate, not in this dreamscape.
The mug warms Steve’s frigid hands. He hasn’t tasted the milky chocolate yet. He gazes at the whipped cream and says, “If you want.”
When he sees Tony, Steve’s sitting outside the cottage under a spartan tree that looks like it never grows any type of leaves at all.  Except for the small patch of garden around the cottage, the world around him has changed while he recovered. Instead of the fantasy world that the Soul Keeper kept him in, the realm lives in a constant state of flux and shimmers with oranges and golds. There’s barely any living things. He feels a little like he’s in limbo or purgatory and that’s an apt description of the soul realm. A way station along the journey of dead.
“Stark isn’t going to let you do it. He’s not going to let anyone do it.” Her gaze steadies on him, powerful and penetrating. She crosses her arms, closing him off at the same time she peels him open and exposes him. “Not anyone else.”
When Steve notices that Tony’s watching him, he slows down and drops his fork. He wipes away the egg on his lips. “Sorry, I get really hungry, especially in the morning. I used to try and be more polite about it, but then I started fainting halfway through the morning.”
Steve narrows his eyes as he focuses on the barrage of data scrolling over the virtual graphics. He stops on the scan and hits the key to pause it. “No, I won’t, I can’t.”
“Maybe not, but maybe you can give a little more information to Stark about who Bucky is,” Sam said. “Sure we all know the war stories and that you were best friends and all, but there has to be a reason he’s been chosen as Brother. I suggest you share that.”
“Yeah?” Sam furrowed his brows and didn’t comment. He side-eyed Natasha, who’d stopped what she was doing and watched Steve.
They spent a little more time in each other’s arms, but then cleaned up as much as they could in the barn and hustled over to the house. Once there they took turns showering and then went to the kitchen for breakfast. Clint was cooking again, and Steve went to help as Tony and Bruce huddled in the corner making plans for their war games today.
Quickly disrobing, Tony tosses his clothes in a heap in the small closet and then jumps in the shower. It takes a few minutes for the water to even out and get hot enough for him. Steve might not mind the cold, but he sure does. The water rains down but his mind runs in circles.
Tony loved to trigger Steve’s needy submission. It thrilled him to see Steve head toward subspace with only a word or a trained wave of a hand. Lord, knew that the headiness of it lurked in the back of Tony’s mind all the time. Oh, the great and horrifying truth prowled in the background. Yet, Tony successfully shunned the idea of using it against Steve and becoming the world’s worst (or best depending on your point of view) super villain. Tony never entertained the idea of betraying Steve – he couldn’t. As Steve’s Dominant, Tony’s devotion was signed, sealed, and forever.
Logan has been quiet. He watches both Tony and Bruce hash out the particulars. Tony knows he’s happy, if this works then Steve won’t have that link to the Steve who loved Tony. Not anymore.
“So what? I’ll be a resident genius. We have Legolas, and then there’s death by thighs over there,” Tony said.
Nat’s attention turned back to him. “One thing that you have to understand in a bond is that it’s never about the power display or who is in charge. I’ve been bonded for a decade and that’s always shifting.”
Steve scowled but swallowed once and his jaw twitched before he rasped out a reply, “I’m sorry that I inferred being gay meant you were a pervert. I didn’t intend that at all.”
The afternoon rush peters out and the only a few customers linger in his small coffee and book shop. He wipes down the counters and checks the cookie case to count how many are left. He might need to ask Frigga to bake another batch for the evening crowd. Checking the clock, he notes that she should be back from her break soon. He hangs the towel over the bar and goes around the counter to the stacks of books near the shelves. They don’t carry a wide variety of different genres, but he likes to think he carries an eclectic stock of books – ones not found in the average bookstore or the online website. He starts to sort through the new ones that arrived today, stopping as the bell rings when the door opens.
It’s time to move on but his brain doesn’t let him. His brain keeps playing the same scene over and again.
After long minutes, he straightened his shoulders and opened the door to the workshop. If Obie wasn’t going to be there for his father, someone had to take his place. He peeked around the corner to spot his father sitting at the workbench with schematics thrown over the table, nearly dripping off the edge.  Near him to the side was the model city that Tony always wanted to play with, but his father shooed him away all the time.
“Soldier boy, I already figured out you were Captain America, that wasn’t hard to decipher.” Tony tangles his fingers with Steve’s and holds onto him like an anchor against the storm inside Steve.
Tony shifted and got up on one elbow. “Are you going to be okay?” He wiped away the last of the tears.
“Come on Steve, we have to get you out of here,” Tony says and Steve’s still half delirious with the pain. In the bare minimum lighting, Tony can see why – his wings are charred, and mangled. It’s not going to be easy to lift him and get him out of the narrow passageways and into the air. “I need you to get up and walk, can you do that?”
“It’s the only way. We can’t sign the dotted line without a say in how it’s going to work, Tony. You saw what happened with SHIELD. Completely overtaken with Hydra. How would you like to be doing their work again? Or someone even worse?”
“A little island off the coast of South America, not far from the Caribbean. Actually almost the Caribbean, okay it’s the Caribbean, but you don’t need to know that,” Tony says. “I bought it, and I brought in a trusted doctor, but I think she might be a witch.”
“Oh,” Steve said, and it wasn’t an exclamation of disgust or hate, or even fear. Instead he felt blessed and hopeful. As he stood there, the meaning of the words changed him. Sure, he’d dallied a little, played with the idea of being with Tony, and he even allowed those taboo actions from the dream space to become reality, but he’d only skirted the idea. He’d played with it, teased it in his mind. He recalled the warmth that spread over him when he was with Tony – he thought it might be love, something strong and purposeful. But now he saw it might be something on both sides. Tony offered him something more than just the casual moment in time. “Oh.”
JARVIS submitted to the order and the armor fell away from Tony. Steve grasped the vest and tore it away along with the front of Tony’s shirt. Quickly, Steve pulled off his own vest and the jacket and shirt of his uniform, to leave his chest bare. He wrapped his arms around Tony and brought his limp body into a sitting position as the rest of his pack gathered around him. He felt the pulse of their energies supporting his own. Instead of thinking about them, Steve touched his Beloved marks on his chest to Tony’s marks. The physicality enhanced the harmonic resonance of their soul bond. Skin to skin, the warmth between them heated their skin and Steve closed his eyes. He listened to his pack, gathered around him in a protective circle. Saw Clint stand at the ready to fight, felt Natasha and Sam lend their energies to his, while Thor and Bruce led the way through the rhythms of their souls. Steve brought it all together and offered their strength to Tony.
“Not what I’m reading, boss. All the signs are there,” Penny says. “The local AI is requesting your preferences. I have to add that he’s a little rude.”
“Are you so sure?” Bucky says and his tone pierces through trying to melt the wedges of ice Steve’s built around his heart.
“Yeah, I mean I had the audacity to think that I could recreate the serum and become, you know, him. That I thought I was good enough to be what he was-.” Bruce sighed. “Is. I suppose that’s is now.”
“Thor, I don-.” What could he say? He knew little of Asgard and the greater worries of the Nine Realms. He always wanted to know more. When Thor spoke of his home he always fell into a quiet reserved demeanor. Thor tended to keep his memories and stories about Asgard to the minimum and Steve suspected it might be due to the fact any mention of his home brought back the guilt of his abandoned responsibilities.
“My personal take on any idea of a Captain America would be the best of what America stands for and that’s written in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. And I’ll leave it at that.” He starts to stand up.
Fits of weakness tremored through him but he scratched his way back to fighting them, gathering what strength he had,, not letting them get their way. He tried to speak but it only came out as a growl. He stumbled up to his feet again and another blow hit him in the face, the spike going through his cheek and he tasted the wood. He crumpled.
They establish a routine within a few days. In the mornings, they go down to the stream. Tony bathes as Blu stands sentinel duty over him, sitting on a rock overlooking the stream and the rolling hills. After Tony collects water in his makeshift bowl they head back to camp. He spends the day working on his HUD and the interface while Blu disappears. By evening Blu is always back with dinner of some kind. Sometimes Tony partakes other times he just doesn’t have the stomach for it.  He concludes he wouldn’t have made it as a cowboy or a frontier’s man.
Steve’s hand found Tony’s hip and settled there. “Who said you’re going to lose me? That’s not going to happen. I can’t let that happen. You’re too important to me.”
Steve curses under his breath but continues. The slope grows steeper; the rocks sharper and more flaky. When Steve grabs hold, the rock shatters in his hand. “I’m going to have to use the rope completely to get us up. I can’t use the rocks anymore.”
Tony glances at Blu. Questions rise up but pop like bubbles in the sky. He can’t grasp them, the oddity of the situation keeps them out of his reach. “Okay. You hold that, I can use the repulsor to light a fire once I connect it to the chest piece too.”
“I don’t know.” He sat back, tossing the pencil he held onto the table. The afternoon light dappled the table but he felt like he was still in the shadows. “For the longest time since I woke up it’s been about trying to catch up. The soul pack has been just another complication. I want everyone to be together. But it’s a hard sacrifice to make.” He turned his wrist over and stared at the lines covering it, his forearm and the long thread up to his chest. “I guess maybe I thought the serum would make it go away.”
As the helicopter zeroed in on them, Steve whipped the car around and toward the back of the house where he knew there was a delivery entrance. It wasn’t an easy route and more suited for an all-terrain vehicle than a sporty sedan but going toward the main entrance was fool’s play. The tires squealed as he pushed the car across the pavement, to the gravel and then around the house. A hail of bullets followed them.
“Goodnight Anthony. I hope you feel better. I will have everything ready for your return in the morning.”
“Try it, just try it.” Steven’s eyes spark with rage. “I’ve learned one thing as your omega, and that is you, Tony Stark, are an ass. You pretend to be the enlightened elite, but when push comes to shove you enjoy your privilege along with the rest of the upper caste. I thought you would be different, that -.” He swallows the words back but it looks like he gulps down poison as he does. “I thought time would – I thought things would change. But you are just you. You aren’t anyone I ever wanted to know or be with. You aren’t who you pretend to be. You’re a demon.”
"As long as you can make it there okay." Steve said carefully, pulling the sheets off and putting new ones down. "I'll get you some juice and something sugary to help you out, too. I'll get us all something so it leaves less questions from Peter."
"No, no, it's wonderful," Tony breathed, preening under Steve's touch, "Best birthday gift. Ever. Ever-ever. Can you believe we've only been together for seven months? I can't. It feels like a day's gone by since you brought over my mail."
"Mhm." Tony kept petting Steve's hair till the timer downstairs beeped, signaling dinner time. "Alright you, let's go eat, up and at 'em."
Tony sniffled miserably, switching his position so his head was in Steve's lap. He nuzzled at Steve's stomach, ignoring the wet patch his tears were making. Steve shushed him comfortingly, leaning down to kiss his head gently as he did.
He grinned, unclipping his garters from his stockings. The blond grunted as Tony rocked back on his lap, the friction getting a little too much for how little they were doing at the moment.
"Love y'for you, Steve," Tony breathed, slowly thrusting into him, "Love that y'always smell like home and y'so
Tony shook his head fondly, sitting down on the floor next to Steve. He leaned over to give him a quick smooch, happy to snuggle up to his chest.
Tony pinched his hip lightly, kissing his cheek before stepping out of the shower, drying himself with a fluffy towel. "What should I wear? Fancy or street clothes?"
Steve grinned at that. "I'm sure you'll find something. I know you have quite a bit in your repertoire that you haven't used with me yet--" he purred sleepily, nuzzling Tony's chest.
He scooted back, hooking Steve's belt loops as he went to tug his jeans off. Tony quickly rid himself of the rest of his clothes, taking a second to mouth at Steve's briefs before tugging them off.
Bruce barely batted an eyelash at the exchange, rolling his eyes fondly. "If you need anything else from the store, gimmie a ring and I'll have someone bring it over," he offered, "Thank you for the hospitality, Steve."
“We didn’t know what I would do. It was my first change.” Steve explained, hands gripping slightly at the blankets covering him. “Thankfully I didn’t do anything, but it definitely didn’t feel like a walk in the park. Who knows? I could have just been too worn out to try anything.”
Steve found a bench to sit down, letting Peter sleep against him as he messed around on his phone for a while. He noticed some endearing eyes from some mothers walking by, offering them all a small smile as they did.
Peter yawned quietly, pushing his hoodie back from his eyes as he woke up. He sat up, clambering over Tony to seat himself between his daddies. "Breakf’st," He demanded, "An’ cuddles."
"I love you and you are the bestest Daddy. I wanted ta tell ya." The boy explained quickly, hugging onto Tony's side tightly.  "Papa and I are makin' breakfast too. So you gotta come eat with us when it’s done, 'kay?".
Peter grinned and giggled happily as he started to swing higher, watching his daddy swing along with him. "I'm swingin' like Spidahman!" He giggled.
"At ease, soldier, he'll pee all over you if you're not careful," Tony joked, grinning at Peter's glare, "Well, it's
"Mmm, like a baby. You?" He said happily, softly kissing Tony's cheek. "Sorry I woke you. The light was hitting you just right. I was admiring." he hummed.
"I'm sure that's exactly what he's doing, blaming Daddy." Steve grinned back at Tony, earning him an eye roll.
"Steve, there's no hope, this is it," Tony fell into Steve's arms, covering his eyes as Peter jumped up onto his chest, still roaring loudly.
"Okay, Okay. Let's go, munchkin." Steve murmured, hefting Peter to his room. He started to tuck the boy into his bed, brushing his bangs out of his face.
"I loved it. I want more dates. Movie dates inside," Tony mumbled, yawning till he drifted off to sleep.
"Oof-- kid, y'squishin' me," Tony laughed, turning on his side so Peter could cuddle up, "There. Better?"
"I love your body," Tony hummed, "And I'm aware that I'm aware I'm seductive. It's all charm, baby, and it's all yours." He flashed a grin, started to wash Steve's hair. "You're so cute like this," he murmured.
"Just better, sweets. Not betterer," Tony corrected gently, straightening out Peter's sweater, "Y'look good, kid. Let's go find Papa, okay?"
Everyone's car was parked in the back, unseen from the sides and front of the house as they came up on it. As he went to unlock the front door for them to go in, he opened the door up slowly and offered for Tony to go in first.
"Yeah, oil smoothies will most likely give you indigestion, not a laugh," Tony giggled, despite himself, "Oh, God, we just all need to laugh. But you know what's so fucking horrible about all this? I'm not even crying over Howard. Bastard deserved it."
Tony stood from his place and collected the snack plate from the floor, quickly cleaning up the markers before putting away the dish in the kitchen. He trooped back up to his bedroom, collapsing onto the bed in a tired heap. Steve had already been lying in bed, feeling a Tony plop down onto him.
"You. Definitely you." Steve said quickly, looking Tony over and running a finger along the collar again. "Is it comfortable for you?"
"I swear he thinks he's top dog when I'm gone," Tony sighed, lacing their fingers together, "I'll talk to him before dinner, okay?"
Steve reached over and buckled him in, starting the car and driving them home. It was quiet without Tony's voice or the radio playing, so Steve tried to break the silence.
"Peter, you nearly fell asleep on both your father and I not a half hour ago," Tony hummed, "You might be smart, but I'm just a bit smarter than you."
"But those who do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it." Steve clarified. "So basic history knowledge is key to know. And what if he needs to know the advancements made by certain scientists that led to advancements today? History is important as well."
Things were running smoothly, but Tony felt their was still a small disconnect. So he offered an invitation to Steve that allowed him to venture where no outsider was allowed to enter before...
"Whatever you need to do, hon. And I'm sure Dummy misses being played with. The little joker might be able to lighten things up a bit." Steve answered with a slightly sad smile. "We could use a good chuckle."
"What? No, no you didn't," Tony replied, slightly shocked, "I just have nightmares sometimes. That's all." He coughed and sniffled, trying to get his headache to go away.
Steve wrapped a towel around himself and grabbed Peter new clothes and socks. He helped the boy slip into his clothes, getting dressed himself before scooping Peter up. Peter clung to Steve as he was brought out to his bedroom, holding his arms out to his Daddy. Tony took the boy from Steve with a gentle sigh, exchanging him for Sammy before sitting down with the boy on his lap.
He pulled Steve back in, biting at his collarbones. Steve nearly purred as Tony attacked at his collarbones and neck, running his hands along Tony's chest.
"Of course, baby. Go grab your crayons and I'll get the paper." He grinned, smooching the boy's cheeks.
"We'll get a little play pen, don't worry," Tony soothed, reaching over to smooth Steve's bangs back, "Don't be nervous. It can't be worse than Peter hiding from us for three hours until we called the cops."
Steve smiled softly to him as he got up. "All right. Guess I'll clean things up in here, then." He sighed wistfully, grabbing up the sheets.
"Dread," Tony answered, swinging himself back upside down in his chair, "Give me a hard one, Steve. Pun
"You still needed one more expression for your project, right? Well there you go...". With that he turned around and went on his way, leaving a hurt Steve in his wake. Tony didn't want to leave him like that, but he felt that it was better to keep things from getting more involved now that he wouldn't be coming back next semester.
The next day flew by in anticipation of Tony's surprise. By the time the boys were packed and ready to go, his palms were already sweaty.
"Seems to me he really likes you, Peter." Sharon pointed out happily. "Must know you're gonna be a great big brother, huh?"
"Well if it's not true, we can wait for the sheets," Tony replied, hopping back an inch, out of Steve's touch, "Right?" He grinned cheekily, sticking his tongue out.
He moaned loudly, shivers going from his spine to his toes as pleasure coursed through his veins. Steve smacked Tony's ass again with a little more force than last, but not to hurt more than a slight sting.
Steve started to walk in with Peter, but stopped before going too far. He faintly smelled a familiar scent, and he didn't want Peter to notice.
. Also, Clint talks about that kind of stuff a lot, no doubt in my mind he and Bucky were swapping stories about us all night and wondering what our sex is like."
Woo! Another chapter in before work today! I know these chapters are a bit short, its how I am able to work the story out as I go, so I hope you enjoy regardless!
"Hey, how about we eat our lunch, huh? Seems like a good time." He suggested in hopes it would help Peter feel better.
"You'll definitely will have to introduce us when we're done, Tony." Nat stated, carrying some boxes in her arms.
The blond sighed as the panties were pulled away, freeing his cock from its confines. "And I'll gladly wear them if it makes you happy. As long as Bruce supplies, I'm not complaining. These are hella comfortable."
"I hope you don't get sick again." Steve said softly, kissing Tony's forehead. "You don't feel feverish, so we'll assume coffee. I can make you some and make some sandwiches to eat."
"Be good? You don't know me, Miss Romanoff," Tony gasped, laughing, "I'll get you that number, but you can only have it when you come stay."
Steve hugged him close again, shushing Tony softly. "Slow down. Just breathe Tony, and take everything a step at a time, sweetheart. I'll go get your phone and make some coffee, okay?"
"Okay, good job baby," Tony hummed, twisting the plug more into Steve, "You're doin' real good f'me."
"Sure thing, bubba. But we are gonna start with a cartoon cat since we don't have a real one for reference." Steve hummed, taking the pen and a piece of paper.
going to talk to him, because we're both his parents, and he's cranky after a day out anyway," Tony replied gently, moving to sit up.
He helped Sammy up onto his feet and steadied him, slowly letting go once the baby got his balance. He stood for a second or two before dropping to his behind, squeaking happily up at Peter.
The wind batters at the windows and the snow swirls as Tony tries to recall anything, he read during his adoration of Captain America in his childhood. Nothing comes to mind particularly about his father. The emphasis had always been on his saintly mother, not his father.
“Shush,” Tony says, not understanding that Steve wants to escape, wants to find out if Bucky’s safe. He doesn’t want to see them fighting again. He doesn’t want to feel the conflict in his head, boiling through his arteries.
Sam shook his head. “Don’t say it, man. I’m not that kind of friend. I’ll be waiting for your call.” He placed his keys in Steve’s hand.
“He was a father to you,” Steven replies. He gripped Tony’s upper arm. “Listen to me. I’m not playing a game. That man is dangerous. I don’t know how, or what will happen. Things – things are not predictable. Not as much as I would like. You would think they would be. But he’s going to try something.”
He was still angry. The horror of what he’d learned lingered. It was a bad taste forever marring his feelings surrounding Bucky Barnes. One thing he could admit. “I can’t have him here. Not here. Not now. I have to process this.”
Bucky grabbed his shoulder and jerked him around to face the pack. “God, you are more of an idiot than I remember.” Bucky released him, pointed to their group – their pack. “You had the Howling Commandoes once. You have a pack now. They’re here to help you.”
Through JARVIS’ investigation, Tony learns that Steve is not, in fact, in New York City as he had assumed. Instead, SHIELD set up Steve in a small apartment near the Foggy Bottom exit of the DC Metro. The idea that SHIELD brought Steve to the Triskelion, essentially the Mordor of spy organizations, terrifies him. He warned Steve that SHIELD’s intentions weren’t rainbows and unicorns. He has no other choice – he needs to bring Steve home where he belongs. The case of denial falls apart. Blu is Tony’s and therefore so is Steve.  Suitcase armor in hand, Tony gets onto his private jet and heads toward the Capital.
“I don’t want you to go,” Tony said, not realizing he’d spoken out loud until his voice echoed in their bedroom.
“This guy, he found out about us. One of the people we- listen, we’re on the run, okay? And one of the people looking for us, found us. Steve went to meet him, said he had a plan, said he knew this guy would go for it.”
Clint pops out of the closet as soon as the door to the bathroom closes. “He should have been out of bed an hour ago. You two need to get to the clinic before the media gets there. This is big news.”
“Oh?” Pepper said and stood there a little stunned and wide eyed. She stammered over her words before she finally got them out. “I didn’t expect you would agree. Now. You know with the Avengers’ responsibilities and all?”
The alpha rage rears up and, as if Steven reads it on Tony’s face, he drops his gaze and murmurs, “Anything you wish, my lord.”
Steve settles back in the bed. “About that- what exactly happened. All I remember is trying to stop Ultron from invading your mind and that’s it. I lost you.”
Of course, when they asked the librarian with her large glasses and her – what Jarvis called – hippie hair, she brought them over to the little kid’s section. Tony screwed up his face at the sight of the picture books and tugged on Jarvis’ jacket.
He’d tried multiple times to go to the Chambers Below only to be thwarted by the Soul Keeper. The Soul Keeper grew stronger and stronger with each passing day. The Silver Knight had been punished for his indiscretion.
“No, but the prince must be to call you a personal assistant.” Rumlow bends close to Steve’s ear. “Instead of the whore you really are.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Steve is fine.” But Tony knew that it had been a careless disregard for the advice of his elders. Many said that Thor was one of the first generation of vampires, made during the Middle Ages during the plague when it hit Europe. There had been legends that the vampire disease spread at the same time as the bubonic plague and that many a reanimated corpse was burned at the stake during the scare. The first generation went to ground and became more myth than anything else until the earliest part of the last century changed all of that and vampires came into the metaphorical light. He conceded the point. “I’ll look after him. Don’t worry.”
“Structure to keep his integrity intact!” Tony’s expression brightens with elation. “Yes! He has to keep some structure otherwise his continuity and integrity will crumble. We can latch onto that – for as long as we can to find our way to the Passage and the Hub.”
Steve tries to muster the strength to respond, but only a gurgle of sound groans out of him. He shudders and then Tony tells him to quiet as Doctor Cho comes into his line of sight. Tony glances up at her and for the first time, Steve wonders why he’s in the Iron Man armor. Are they under attack? Is there something wrong?
“No one in here has a good heart ma’am. We’re all trying to survive a nasty assignment. Don’t blame it on the men, we’re loyal to the cause.”
Steve startles but quickly hides it. “This is fuck or not. If there’s no fucking, you can go. I have to make some money tonight and it’s still young so if you’ll please get out-.”
Steve cannot believe how hungry he is for it. How the hedonistic tendencies down deep in his soul flood him and he cries for Tony’s whole fist. “Please all of it. Please.” His cock is unattended, heavy with want but he needs to ride this feeling of bliss. Being so filled is overwhelming and too much to bear all at once.
“Far as I know,” Clint said. “Nat and Thor were rounding up as many of the covens as possible. The conclave in Europe was on high alert, but no European nation has come out with a full support of the treatment. Yet.”
“You need to speak with our good Captain. Tell him your fears. I can only guide you, but I cannot do it for you,” Thor said and then he nodded once before he left Tony to his own thoughts by the corner of the property.
A cascade of color and light flows over Blu. Tony falls back away from the swirling dark blues and brilliant white lights. It expands, tendrils of stars and galaxies enveloping Blu’s body, blocking out the sun. The creek, the pathway to their camp, the sky itself fades, disappearing against the visual majesty in front of him. Blu’s body transforms, turning into the stars, the galaxies, the planets, and nebula. A mixture of cosmic shapes and through it all Tony sees the dimensions, beyond what is possible. He witnesses all of space encapsulated but magnified at the same time.
Bruce sat up and his eyes looked weary and puffy as if he’d been crying. “I don’t know.” He shrugged. “It could have been a flashback. All I know is that I was getting some kind of irritation through the bond. Nothing specific, mind you. Then it quieted. Eventually this happened.” Bruce gazed into the middle distance as he added, “For him it’s fresh you know. All those memories are like last week. To us it was generations ago, to him yesterday.”
Tony touches him and he gasps in a breath – the air is intolerably hot and burns his lungs. He gulps in short rasps. “God, Tony, please, please.”
Steve exhales. At least he doesn’t have to worry about being thrown out an airlock just yet. “My prince-.”
With a glance to Sawyer, Rumlow pointed to the computers. “The data banks will answer all of your questions. My men were instructed to never refer to the prisoner by name-.”
Bruce and Natasha shared a look that somehow resonated in Tony’s head. He furrowed his brows as he watched them in their silent communication. Natasha answered, “Tony Stark, this is Sam Wilson. He’s part of Steve’s soul pack.”
“God, you read my mind.”  The man picks up the cup and blows on it. He sips it and a small bit of foam stains his lips. “Delightful.” He peers at him. “Steve?”
Tony chuckles. “I’m sure you can, but the armor’s plating is warmed when I’m in colder weather to de-ice it. Might help keep you warm.”
Tony releases the gauntlet from his hand. His arm and wrist have mostly healed; he figures it was just a sprain and not a break or fracture after all. His ribs still twinge with pain every now and again, but he’s able to tug off his shirt without much discomfort. He tosses it aside as Blu steps gingerly into the water. He looks over his shoulder at Tony who only just encourages him.
“I loved Peggy. That was enough.” Steve says with a visible swallow as if it hurts. The muscle along the line of his jaw tenses.
“You shouldn’t fall in love with him, Tony,” Pep warns. She’s always gone straight to the facts of the situation. “That’s frowned upon. You know that. Some get away with it because they aren’t part of civilized society, like the wayfarers, like Natalie. But you want the High Alpha Chair. You can’t upset the balance.”
Sam continued. “Maybe it’s not the universe. Maybe it’s you. Maybe you’re trying to tell yourself something. You really think that some all-powerful force is aligning everything in your life and that you have no say in it. Phew, there goes freewill out the window?”
He says goodnight to Pepper, seeing her to her car and then leaving to drive home. Even though Happy had wanted to chauffer him, Tony declined. Every once in a while, driving cleared his head. He takes the longer route home, driving along the coast to watch as the night reflects in the pitch black of the waves. He sees the lights glittering along the surface of the ocean. Stopping, he studies the ocean but he glimpses the vastness of the cosmos, the moments of Blu’s death and Steve’s re-emergence. It humbles him, and maybe, just maybe it’s too hard to comprehend. Why would the universe pick Tony to save Steve. Why did the doorway open for him? Why did it link them together? He leaves the ocean behind and drives the rest of the way home. No music accompanies him, only the stray thought and the flickering of the street lights.
Steve stretched out his hand, but didn’t touch. Tony took it, clasped it, and then brought it to his chest. Steve ran his hands along the lines on Tony’s chest, down his torso. Each finger sent lines of fire through him, the bond marks glowed in response. “I didn’t know it would do this.”
“But it’s hard. You resent having to be here with me. Your biology compels you, but you’d rather not,” Tony says and there’s a sadness washing over him as the dark permeates his bones.
Natasha sidled up to Tony as they watched Steve head to the elevators in the posh London hotel. The lobby of the Hyde Park hotel shined with white marble veined with gray. Black pillars atop white bases gave a clean line while staying traditional and inviting. Tony had always liked the hotel when he was in London on business. He was glad that JARVIS managed to pull off getting rooms at the last minute.
“Fuck!” It’s the lion. It’s going to fucking eat him. If he had energy or any ability to move, he would scramble away. As it is, the lion simply licks him again and then opens its mouth. Tony whimpers. He wants to curl up, he wants to run, but his body freezes with fear.
Relatively unharmed at this point since his resurrection, Tony directed, “You two, get him. I’ll lead the way.”
Tony buries his face in Steve’s shoulder, lets the strength and power pour over him. The fear is prominent, but the truth of who they are, what they are – entangled throughout realities – gives them the power to survive.
“That will just get him fired from the first job he’s had since the Army where he can feed his voracious appetite.”
Natasha’s projection appears before Steve. She grimaces as she glares at him. “You were attacked, and you didn’t alert us?”
Finally, Tony’s able to pour a drink, a tall one. He gulps down the bourbon and it burns but he pours a second glass. He needs to figure out what the fuck he wants. That’s the worst part about this. He bonded with Steven. For right or not their biology worked. They are paired. It doesn’t matter how it happened, it did. There’s a growing awareness though. The longer he’s with Steven, he feels as if he’s slowly awakening from a long and horrible slumber.  The reality of life, of society around him, dawns on him and the light blinds him until his eyes tear. He hisses as he finishes his second drink. He should just go to bed, forget his halfhearted attempt to find a way through the wall he erected between them. But he needs to see Steven, he needs to face him and tell him.
"Well, I know Bruce needs a place. And my assassin buddies will need a refuge," Tony murmured, taking Steve down to the master bedroom, "Bucky's welcome, too. It'd be like a big family thing."
Steve tossed and turned in his sleep, temperature flashing from hot to cold. Under the blankets was too warm but out of the blankets was freezing. He whined softly in sleep, nose sniffling as he snored softly.
He put on some cologne of his own and messed with his slight bangs a bit in the mirror, until he felt they were just right. Steve slipped on his sneakers, grabbed his wallet, phone, and keys in case they took the motorcycle, and headed back over to Tony's.
"Thanks for coming to watch him on such short notice, Pepper." Steve said softly, giving her a smile.
"Love you too, Peter." Steve answered with a small smile, kissing Peter's cheek as he sat a bowl of soup in front of the boy.
He managed to keep composed for an hour or two, but it wasn't long before the block crumbled, and his pent up guilt, shame and worthlessness flooded the bond. Tony didn't have the strength to have JARVIS lock the workshop door; rather, he stayed curled up on the futon, shaking as he tried to calm himself down.
"Tony, that's terrible. I wish you would have told me sooner... I want you to know that I would never do such a thing like that to you. You know that, right?".
Tony dissolved into a babbling mess, breathy gasps escaping his lips as he felt Steve coat his insides; he gently pulled himself off Steve, collapsing onto the bed in a blissful heap.
He help Peter out of his seat and held a finger to his lips in a shush. "Remember. I have to distract Daddy first, okay?"
"Are you two Mr. And Mr. Stark-Rogers?" She asked carefully, earning a nod from Steve. "Ms. Carter's contractions are becoming closer to each other, so she will deliver before long. Will one of you be comfortable coming in and helping as her support through the delivery?"
"It’s because you were so used to all the sexual stuff before I even met you, but you never really had anyone be lovey dovey with you until I came along."
"I can only hope," he whispered, nuzzling into Steve's hand, "I just-- I don't know what I'd do with myself if I--"
Steve gasped. "What a meanie." He teased lightly, leaning to smooch both Peter and Tony. "I won't let Daddy be mean to ya, munchkin."
"Fuck, Steve," Tony moaned, letting go of Steve's hair to fall back onto the bed. He gripped his pillow, trying to keep his hips planted on the bed, "That's it baby, all the way in, such a good boy--"
into busty blonds, and judging by your size, I hit jackpot,” Tony nodded very seriously, grinning up a Steve, "Go work cowboy, I'll be here working away. I'll leave the door unlocked."
Steve set the table, setting plates of pancakes in front of everyone at the table and adding the syrup.
Steve joined them at the table with a smirk, biting into his food. "Glad to hear you had fun, though. What did you do, Bruce?"
Dodger looked to Steve in response, giving his trainer the best Baby Doll Eyes he could muster, earning a laugh from Steve.
"How come you look so nervous?" Steve asked curiously, watching Tony work. "You're doing perfect, Tony."
Peter gave the cup a suspicious glance before picking it up, taking a calculating sip. He sighed in content at the lack of fizz, nursing the apple juice while he finished off his food.
"I think you just want me to stay here to keep you warm and comfy." Steve threw out, quirking a brow up at the man before shivering at the fingers brushing his skin.
"Please purposefully bruise me?" Tony asked, letting Steve wash him, "I love it. Love having your marks all over me, babe."
"Fuck," His voice was ragged and worn, "Steve, I can't-- I can't deal with all these feelings at once, it's too much, I never-- I never learned how to cope--"
"Does it?" Tony asked curiously, letting his hand trail down to snake under Steve's shirt and gently touch at the soft skin below the fabric. "Were your scales sensitive? Is that a sensitive part of your people's bodies?"
"I didn't lie to you, munchkin." Steve said softly. "Never would like that. Especially if it earns me a look like what you gave me."
Peter rolled his eyes and made grabby hands at Sammy, at which Tony shifted so he could hold both boys in his lap. Sammy blinked up at Peter before leaning up, kissing him on the lips.
"I might try to. I haven't been able to so far. Couldn't hurt though, right?" He stated with a smirk at Tony.
"Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers, a pleasure to see you," Babs said with a grin, leading them in, "Mr. Stark, as you are quite familiar with the house, feel free to tour Mr. Rogers. I'll be in the kitchen if you have questions."
“Damn, I figured they’d know something was up.” Steve grumbled behind a bite of pancake, setting his plate down for the moment. “Tell them, Clint, and Natasha to meet in Banner’s lab. We’ll inform them on the situation.”
"I'll always be here for you, Tony. Especially at times like this." Steve assured, kissing the top of Tony's head. "Too much for a person to handle alone."
"Yeah, and push them on the swings," he laughed, standing with the baby, "You wanna get Sammy set up or Pete?"
Steve whined gently as Tony's fingers left, being tugged into the other room soon after. He walked over to Tony in the chair with a nervous flutter, crawling over his lap.
It was silent for a moment until the door unlocked, Peter heading back into his hammock as Tony came in.
"In good time, pet. In good time." Steve murmured, quickly pushing two fingers in and thrusting them in and out. "Gotta be good to get what you want."
"Not too much sugar, munchkin." He said, eating his half and standing. "I'll set up the play blanket."
"You have people here who love you and care so much for Tony. None of us could bear to lose you. And you can't tell me you wouldn't regret it every second if you left." Steve answered, swallowing heavy and wiping the wetness from his eyes before ushering Peter over to them.
"You're fine, Miss Carter," Tony smiled, letting Steve take Sammy, "Would you like a cup of tea? I have earl grey imported from the original Twinnings factory, if you'd like any."
Steve nodded. "That'd be good. Make a good Christmas present." He whispered back, making sure Peter couldn't hear or read his lips. "We'll have time to get everything sorted, baby."
Steve sighed softly, a content noise leaving his lips at the kiss. He moved to start slicking up his fingers, trailing them down Tony's lower back before slipping them in. Tony took a sharp breath, forcing himself to relax; He sunk down onto Steve's fingers, mewling quietly against Steve's neck. He shivered, trying not to buck up at the pressure.
"That's m'good boy," Tony praised in a thick voice, helping to guide Steve's hips, "Y'so tight, Steve,
Peter sniffled and nodded, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck. Tony smooched Peter's temple, rubbing calming circles into his back. "You okay now?" He asked after a moment, brushing Peter's bangs to the side.
"Yes you have, you have stubble every morning," Tony accused, helping Peter get started on his food before picking up his own fork, "I'd say it'd be three days before you had a full beard." He nodded, stuffing his face with pasta.
"You've got a thing for touch, don't you?" Tony kept his hand in Steve's hair, gently massaging his scalp.
"Yeah, we don't want you's eatin' deh cwayons eider," Peter deadpanned, smirking to himself. Sammy whined softly, sniffling as he tried to burrow himself into Steve's warmth.
Steve watched in surprise, trying not to make a sound although he wanted to cheer Sammy on. Peter was teaching Sammy to
"Yes dear, you're Iron Man. And the suit can be exactly what you just said, but 'Iron Man' is a catchier name." He explained.
"We still have to go get sheets, dummy," Tony laughed, leaning down to kiss Steve's forehead, "Why don't you set up your art room while I go buy that stuff, hmm?"
The quick noise didn't go unnoticed, Steve only giving a few more swats before he stopped. He could see the skin stinging bright red.
"Okay. Okay, I need--phone, coffee, shower, you showering with me in case I fall over, ah, a blanket, and Clint should be over if he texted me--"
"I know, I'll back off when they are older." Steve whispered with a hum, setting up the blankets for when they would lay Sammy down to sleep.
“When you go to Buck I left letters just outside of the border. I texted T’challa the coordinates before I called you. I want you to know I wrote everyday for you-”
Looking up from his hold on the bars he just about took a step back, Tony standing there with a grin as he took in the sight before him.
The glasses have been gone for a week or so now, his baths have been under a little more of his control. He’s been interacting with the two more since his hands have stopped shaking and his head isn’t as clouded.
“I think I actually picked him. Once I decided he had no choice. Matter of fact, I think I am the one who did most of the proposing, date-asking, and sexual favors if I remember correctly.”
“Trust me when I say I am never leaving your side. You’re gonna have to literally pry yourself out of my hands before I even consider letting you go anywhere alone.”
A metal hand rested against his sternum, holding the thick blanket in place and using his other to wipe the water dripping lonely down his neck.
Leaning back he reached for the remote, figuring out the buttons before hesitantly turning the technology on. It was still on the same page, paused, and he quickly hit play.
Pete looked up at them and his lips trembled again, fresh tears stinging his eyes as he shook his head.
"This could be your art studio. With the wraparound windows, y'know?" Tony suggested, "It'd be cute."
Peter giggled again, leaving wet kisses over Tony's face until he sat up again, smiling over at Steve.
"Here, I'll give ya a boost." Steve grinned as he hefted the boy up to where he could grab the flour. "Got a good hold of it? Cuz we're going down."
Peter patted on the couch excitedly when he saw his Daddy and Papa walk back in the living room, the movie playing on the TV.
Spitting out the leftover toothpaste and rinsing his mouth, Steve turned to his boyfriend with a concerned look.
Steve shook his head softly. "You'll be fine, Tony. Nothing I can't handle. I'll help you out with dealing with Howard." He assured softly. "As long as you keep me from punching him. He'll sue me into oblivion, for sure."
Once was all said and done, clothes were taken up front as Steve changed back into the ones he came in with on, coming out to Tony talking to Raavi, several bags in his hands as he began walking back over to him. The blond offered to take some of the bags himself to carry, saying goodbye and 'thank you' to Raavi and Tatianna as they left the shop.
"Yeah. Yes, I do. I really like this. Like how it feels. Like being with you like this." He answered breathily, looking up through his eyelashes at the other. "But I only want more if you want more, too. Do you want this? Whatever this is with us?"
"I could always sing you to sleep? It works for Peter." He chuckled. "Or I could gently kiss on you until you fall asleep. That would be a win/win."
"Kay." Peter hummed back, bouncing in his seat as they stopped and parked. "I'mma try and stay though cuz I wanna see lil brotha!"
Tony hummed to himself as he watched his boys, wiggling his fingers at Peter till he snuggled up to him. "Did you finish all your homework for tomorrow?" he murmured, petting the boy's hair.
"Mmm, or babble," Tony hummed, lacing his hands over his stomach, "We'll know when he screams it at one AM to get our attention."
"Yes," Tony laughed, squeezing his hand, "Yes we are." Babs clapped her hands, grinning as she led them back to the kitchen to start the long process of signing papers.
Peter giggled, kicking his feet a bit in the water happily. He moved his hand down and put a glob of soap on Tony's beard, going into more giggles.
Steve scrunched his face softly at the kiss, chuckling sweetly. "You are silly. And I love it." He said happily, smooching his lips.
…." He groaned, hands moving up and gripping onto the other side of the desk. Steve was surprised at himself, all the noise that would leave his lips and just a desperate want filling his body. Steve let out a quicker moan as Tony found his sweet spot.
"I'm not surprised. He's been asking for that stuff since I've known him," Bruce laughed quietly, "I'm surprised he hasn't taken you to Red Light, across the bay. They've got way more selection than my place, and Tony has specific interests that he likes to get over there."
"Okay. We gotta make sure we've got enough for you, Daddy, and I." Steve hummed as he worked to pack things up. "Need to make up some formula for Sammy too.".
Steve looked back at the two of them with a smile. The picture of them together was adorable. "I will agree that he is cute, but he can't use that forever. It’s just like giving up diapers. It’s a part of growing up."
Tony wrung his hands and bowed his head, fingering his wedding ring. He opened his mouth to continue when tiny sobs were heard, not from him or Steve.
When Tony woke up, he woke up alone, back in the mansion-- Shaking his head, Tony stared at the walls he hadn't seen in twelve years, and knew,
"I meant with how smart he is and caring and kind. And sweet. Kind of stubborn, but that can't be helped when we're raising him." Steve explained, kissing Tony's cheek soothingly. "The difference is the environment he's growing up in that causes some differences. He's all of the qualities that I love about you, be happy of that."
"Hey Dad, who's with you in this picture? Kind of looks like you." A twelve-year-old Peter asks as he holds up a photo found in one of his father's old text books, kicking his feet gently as he lay on the couch in his father's lab.
In their bedroom's en suite, Tony put his head in his hands, not quite sure if the new guilt he was feeling was any better. With a wince, he stood to clean up any evidence, stowing the razor away before shuffling to bed, forgetting to bandage himself up.
"What exactly is it I'm asking for, Tony?" The blond grunted softly, a smirk still on his lips. "Am I not allowed to play with you a little?"
"Oh c'mon, Daddy. We're just having a little fun, is all," Steve teased gently, scooping Peter up and leading them over to Peter's room. "We were planning to play a little anyhow."
"Nope, not threatening. Promising," Tony amended, pushing his plate aside, "Since you like to backtalk me."
He poured Peter a glass of milk and a bowl of cereal, sprinkling sugar on it the way he liked. Steve sighed softly because Tony was the one supposed to bring it up. But it didn't matter now, he supposed.
Steve complied, moving his hips faster. He leaned in and kissed along Tony's neck and jawline as he moved, breathing softly.
"Doubt you would've recognized, anyway. It’s been ages since I've had a picture, let alone a recent one for Steve." She explained softly, finally picking up Peter carefully. "Steve was still a bit scrawny last time I had saw or even
Tony pulled out of Steve and kissed his spine, moving to grab another condom and roll it onto Steve after removing the cock ring. He took his time to treasure how red and swollen Steve's cock was, then reached to fondle his balls.
"We do, I promise you," Tony grinned, palming the wheel as he turned onto the highway, "We have a whole suitcase full of fun things that we get to use."
"Oh." The blond replied, nodding carefully once he felt he understood the term better. " So, does that mean we're dating, Tony?"
"That sounds amazing. Definitely need to do that on our anniversary." He suggested. "Sounds romantic."
, and he and Nat have taken care of me for much longer," Tony grit out, swallowing the aspirin without touching the water.
He raised an eyebrow and finished off the last of Pete's gifts, eagerly climbing into Steve's lap once he was done as well.
He held his hand out to Peter and took his boys upstairs, tucking Sammy into the crib before swooping Peter up.
"That's why we brought you your toys and pajamas, sweetheart," Tony chuckled, palming the wheel as he turned into the parking complex for the hospital, "And we only live a few minutes away, so if you wanna go sleep in your bed, Uncle Buck'll come pick you up."
"Hey, take it easy. Slow." Tony soothed, helping the man sit up on the sand. "Now, what the hell happened to you? You have legs and you're a lot smaller since I saw you last. Been dieting? Because I think you went too far." He joked, trying to ease his tension a bit.
Sorry its taken a bit to update. I am making this up as I go with only a few major points that I actually have in mind of using, so I have to have time to think this all up.
Tony pulled off and slowly jerked Steve off, leaning up to kiss and nip at his collarbones. It didn't take long to feel Steve tense underneath him, so Tony moved down to quietly lick up and swallow the cooling come on Steve's chest. Licking his lips, Tony settled back down on Steve's chest, humming happily.
Steve and Peter had said goodbye to Peggy, Steve adding her number and new address to the contact list on their fridge. A sudden twinge of pain pulsed through him from the bond, leaving him automatically worried.
"Well, this place is still on the market, Mr. Stark," Babs laughed, voice tinny, "Do you think you've finally made a decision after all these years?"
"Almost done, Tony." Steve assured, slipping in a third finger and scissoring them slightly before pulling them out. He grabbed the lube again and slicked himself up, lining up with Tony.
"It’s not like he touches it or anything, Peter. He can't help it." Steve explained when he heard Sammy fussing and reaching for Peter again.
"And a sick burn from the seven year old!" He laughed, surprised. "And I won't even tell him you said that because it was that funny."
“Captain?” Tony says and still Steve avoids looking directly at him, instead he focuses on the many wires around Tony. He frowns. “Come on Captain.”  This draws him to look at Tony directly. “Ah, there we are. Come.” He reaches his hands to Steve, and there’s nothing for it. He’s drawn in, towed in like a ship to whirlpool, dragged under to the depths below.
“Come on old man, you know who I am. You know what I’ve done, what I’m responsible for. This whole thing.” He spins his hand around to indicate the cave. “This is me, through and through. These people hate the US because it bombs them. It bombs them because I have my lobbyist go to Washington and scare the fuck out of Congress. Tell them what’s going to happen, make them shit their pants if they don’t buy the latest and greatest. But you know what they’re scared of?” Tony leans on his elbow. He doesn’t wait for an answer. “They’re not scared of what the terrorists can do to the innocent people, they’re terrified of what it will do to their ratings, their poll numbers. It’s always about the next election. Not about democracy. Not about anything else but the numbers. I learned that from dear old pops.”
“We’ll find a way. We can,” Steve replied. His heart wanted to burst out of his chest. A ringing sounded in his head. “Seventy years is nothing. Listen, everything changed for me. I thought I could never love anyone. Never be with anyone. And that’s not true. I just had to wipe away everything I learned. Sure it took time, but I’m there now. I-.”
Now, in this vast virtual reality he only wants  to escape and find his way back to Pepper, beg her to take him back, blow all the suits again. Carefully, he opens his eyes, and a tiny moan slips out. He doesn’t mean to react, but the sheer information overload of the virtual world sends his stomach into new heights of queasiness. Colors swarm his senses, swirl around him in an array of possessed demons. He turns over and heaves into the grass.
After a moment to check and see if Tony’s going to stay stable on the horse, Steve goes to check on the ropes to tie off the other horse to Shield. The ropes are frozen and not easily handled. He wishes he still had his gloves on but they are gone and he doesn’t have time to search for them. Once the horses are secured, he goes back to Shield, and with a firm grip gets into the saddle behind a dangerously forward leaning Tony. He grabs the reins and with arms around Tony, kicks Shield to a start.
His new boss. Steve exhales heavily and follows Clint. The décor of the place isn’t like anything that Steve imagined. He’d thought it would be like the brothels near the front of the sector gaudy with red velvet and dark lighting. The Widow’s Brothel is sleek with white and chrome and portals that allow glimpses of the stars and nebula outside the Prime Station.
Tony stares at him for a good long minute, before he gets back to work. “You keep saying that, Sheriff, but you keep forgetting you have me as well.” As he says the words he pulls the joint out and then maneuvers it back into place.
Unknowns in math represent an unknown quantity or numerical value. Unknowns in science represent questions or hypotheses that have not been tested or cannot be tested with the current technology or knowledge. None of these ever stopped Tony from getting to the value of the unknown.
“The Omega Uprising has tarnished your thoughts,” Tony says and stands up, walking to the edge of the pool. “We need to get ready for the Council meeting. There are clothes in the presentation suite. Get dressed and put on your leathers.”
“I don’t think they’re coming.” Tony peers out through the wooden slates of the blinds at the same time he hears the telltale chirp of Steve’s phone. He cringes. It can only mean one thing – a text. Steve insists on a bird chirp for the text messages. He always grins when it goes off like some kind of idiotic monkey. A text is not a good sign.
She made a little humming noise as she examined Steve. In all, his state was vulnerable. His eyes were fogged with the pleasure of the hormones and Tony’s dominance over him. Tony picked up on the ever present need to defend and lead the team, but it was a subtle thing that he was sure Natasha missed. When he glanced at her, Tony spied a kind of longing, a yearning to see the same deference at her feet. He smiled in sympathy. He never knew what it meant until a Submissive became his own.
“Agreed,” Ross said and turned to the hulk of an agent. “Get the hose. And the lines, please. Punishment is the best way to get that serum active.”
Steve digs into the freezer and then dangles a package of half frozen bacon in front of Tony. “I have bacon. I could make club sandwiches.”
The idea of having to admit that Steve Rogers, the paragon of virtue and all that was good in the world, didn’t pick him terrified Tony. Or some universal magical force split them apart because Tony wasn’t good enough – well, that was not getting out if Tony could help it. “I don’t think that’s the way soul packs work.”
Steve ignores his complaint and moves on to his plan. “I figure we can go down the south portion of the hill. It’s not too lumpy from what I can see and it’s steep enough that we can pick up some great speed. Plus, it’s away from the tree line so that we won’t crack our heads open with a collision.”
It doesn't matter what his logical brain screams at him; he's going with the irrational part of his brain that's pretending he's some super hero or better yet some knight in shining armor off to rescue his love. He's going to forgo calling pepper or Rhodey because that's all on the logical side of the equation and he's way over on the other side - probably the quantum emotional side at this point where the feeling in his gut over rules every argument in his head. It's balanced that way, right?
“How can you tell?” Tony smirks and tastes the stew. It’s divine. “Do you miss her? Your mom, I mean?”
Bruce scowled. “We think to protect him. The US government’s got egg all over its face and a ton of people are trying to clean up and say they had nothing to do with Nazis.”
Tony does and at the same time Steve pushes forward again. He’s over the ring of muscle and then gliding in. Tony huffs out a breath as Steve tells him to keep breathing. It’s too much. The thickness and weight, filling him. The sensation throws him, a wild and untamable feeling. It’s rushing through him, his blood pounds in his ears and all he can think is how much his body burns with it, how much more he wants, and then Steve’s buried deep inside him. All the way. Tony hears something, incoherent and embarrassingly perverse. It’s Tony – the noises of want and desire fill him.
“Fuck,” Steve mutters and lays his forehead against the pole. He closes his eyes and thinks about the moments when he and Tony splayed out on the dewy grass and gazed at the stars in the heavens. “You can’t do this to him. How’s he going to work? He can’t use his virtual reality set up.” Everything just shutters, closes. He imagines seeing Tony closed, isolated. He’s always railed against ableism, but the truth of the matter is – the world is not made for visually impaired. It’s getting worse and worse for those who cannot see to enjoy the wonders of technology development. While some tech reaches out over the visual gap, other leaves the blind far behind, seeking around in the dark.
Tony has no comprehensible words to respond, but Steve tells him to hold on tight and cuts out a hunk of flesh and muscle. Tony’s cries end in a long drawn out whimper. Sopping up the blood, Steve compresses it to stop any bleeders. After it stops, he cleans up the hole one more time before he lowers the device into Tony.
For him as they roamed the river walk, the merchants and the people especially the children brought life back to his soul, to his heart after it hibernated for so long. He knew that the events damaged his soul and that time and effort would only partially renew it. He needed to rejuvenate and change his impressions of the world in order to survive and recover. As they looked over the merchandise and he ate delicious local cuisine, Steve observed the same tentative acceptance of this new life in Tony’s demeanor and expressions. Tony meekly touched articles, art, crafts, mechanical gizmos as if asking for some silent permission. When he walked in the sun under the canopy of the dome’s force field, he did it with trepidation and Steve ended up purchasing an umbrella to use. The tightness in Tony’s shoulders dissipated as they sat by the river and listened to the sounds of life behind them.
That meant that Friday held off from telling Tony about the breaking news, the fucking paparazzi following him everywhere. He’d told the AI before that he didn’t want to hear anything if it wasn’t authenticated through multiple news outlets with different sources. Because Friday waited so long to tell him – nearly midnight in the news cycle – it means that it isn’t a simple leak. It is probably plastered all over New York City.
“Every other omega sits there with their mouths open, staring at you as you manipulate and work the damned room. The alphas salivate for you. They are bowing to me because of you,” Tony says and every word is a compliment but he spits them out like they are barbs from the pole.  “Why do you do so much good for me if you think, if you think-.” His mind tumbles with words and they crash into one another until it’s too difficult to form a coherent thought, but he pushes through it and says, “Why do you try so hard to be my omega, to do good when you think so little of me?”
Dream Tony doesn’t seem disturbed by the fact a full grown male lion is speaking to him. “Why would you think that?”
“What could you possibly mean by that? He’s dead. At the bottom of the Arctic Ocean. There’s no reason to keep hunting for him. You already found the stupid magic cube,” Maria hissed. Tony rarely saw or heard his mother being cruel. Part of him shivered in her wake.
Bucky was massive, and back then, back then Tony hadn’t been Iron Man. He’d been an arrogant rich guy with a chip on his shoulder and more money than sense.  Bucky’s shoulders weren't as wide as Steve's but he was bulkier, thicker with muscles rippling across his chest and abdomen. He was bare chested when he attacked Tony. The metal shoulder and arm glinted in the fading light. There was no stopping him. He was a train, mad and wild, with the intent to crash into the side of a mountain. But Tony was not a mountain. Not by a long shot.
“Ambushed by terrorists who were paid for by the guy I thought of as a father,” Tony said. He snickered but didn’t elaborate. Steve prodded him. “The terrorists wanted me to build them bombs. I nearly died but they had a vampire there. He turned me. I should have died, but he saved me. I couldn’t save him, though. The terrorists gave me to Yinsen, the vampire. I can’t remember much, but I know he apologized after.” Tony stroked his hand up and down Steve’s arm, raising the hairs as he did.
“Just don’t break anything.” He leaves the main office of the jailhouse and climbs up to the solitary room.
Tony glares but Steve choses not to notice, and Tony uses choses because that man is willing to step all over his feelings. He surveys the huge living room and kitchen of the lodge, with his hands on those elegantly slim hips.
“Oh.” It sounded terribly painful to Steve. He peered over his shoulder at Tony. “Why? Why did you do this to yourself?”
“I don’t know what I know,” Tony replied and the images – the feelings – of the Winter Soldier crushing his mother’s windpipe blasted through the soul bonds. It felt as if Steve was there, as if the astral projections of the memory showed it to him, made him experience it. Every horrible second of it.  A gag of revulsion and he snapped his attention to Bucky, only seeing the murderer and not the man, not his friend.
Surrounding him the dead reach out, touching him with their skeletal hands, the flesh rotten and flayed and he’s beseeching them, begging them no. But they are everywhere, every face of the prison, every soldier he sliced and killed. Every one of them to peel away a little more of his sanity.
The screaming echoes through the jailhouse. Every howl, every cry, every sob stabs into Steve's heart as if the dagger that pierced through Bucky's back and side sliced him instead. Doctor Banner threw him out of the room when he couldn't help any longer, when it became apparent that just the thought of what they needed to do to Bucky caused him to lose all semblance of rational thought.
Tony agreed silently and slipped past Bruce to enter the hospital room. Seeing Steve still and silent in the critical care unit ripped a hole in Tony’s chest. There were simple monitors around Steve – surrounding him with their useless readouts. With all of the best medical knowledge at their fingertips no one could answer Tony’s question. Why wouldn’t Steve wake up? What was wrong that he laid in the bed as if cursed to sleep forever. It chilled Tony to the bones to think about it. The seventy year nap Steve had felt like a dark shadow haunting them. Tony sat by Steve’s bedside as the medical staff came and went with no explanations of why this was happening or what could be done to stop it. In the deep corners of Tony’s soul Steve fell farther away as if the soul bond constricted and dried. Tony shuddered at the feeling, knowing something inside of him was dying. It terrified him.
“I’m not leaving him out there, regardless. Come morning, I’ll send a telegraph out to Falcon and get some help from there.”
It takes while for Steve to figure it out, and even then, he’s not 100% sure. “Probably around seven years give or take.” He stirs the pot. “The Depression was going on pretty strong and I had just about nothing.” He shrugs. “Doesn’t matter. You want soup?”
Steve pulls out his little black book and shows Tony as JARVIS sets up the movie. They don’t end up watching most of the movie since Tony has a lot of commentary about the list and things that need to be added and removed. By the time the rebels are attacking the Death Star, Steve asks who the guy in the black mask is and Tony laughs. He really got lost in talking about life with Steve.
Rhodey had agreed, but it was all too late. Before Tony could parse the import of the events leaking to the news, Steve called him and told him to lay low. To get Pepper safe. To stay safe. He had sounded like a man with a mission, a vital one. In the hours that ticked by before he heard about the attack, Tony went to find Bruce to see if his science colleague whom he spent many an afternoon shooting the shit, had any insight. Bruce was nowhere to be found.
The prince sweeps Steve away. Even though he’s terrified of stepping on Tony’s shoes, he never lands. Tony’s classically trained in dance, it’s evident from every move and twist, every touch and step. He treats Steve as if he’s a precious partner, gracing him with tender touches, moving him like an expert. Steve falls into the dance so easily, it is hard to believe he’s never truly danced before in his life. No one ever wanted him. Even as an escort at the station, Steve’s not been chosen to accompany any of his clients for a formal dance. He’s not that kind of escort, he’s not that kind of person. People don’t pick him for the dance, only for things that happen in the shadows.
“No. I invented several different ways to get around my blindness. The glasses are one.” He reaches for them and can’t find them on the desktop. He waits. It’s Steve who realizes and then jumps to fetch them. He places them in Tony’s hand, gently like he thinks he might break. “Hand them to me like you would anyone. I can’t see, I don’t have Brittle Bone Disease.” He slips the glasses on. “These are my latest invention.” He can see Steve now, how he’s jittery like a frightened puppy taken away from his mother too son. “I can see everything with them. They relay the information to an implant in my brain.” He touches the back of his skull and says, “Feel it.”
Steve wipes his face with a napkin and then says, “Well if you must know, I don’t think so. I mean I haven’t measured how much other people shit or anything, but I think my body uses the nutrients more efficiently.”
Tony stood up straight and narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Well, excuse me if I’m a little hesitant to bond myself to someone that ruined my childhood.”
Natasha speaks again. This time he can make out a haze of her bending over him. Her red hair glows like fire. “There’s a stem, a bundle of nerves at the apex of the gland. You- you cut it out. That nerve bundle is important. It balances the brain of the omega as well as the metabolism. Apparently-.”
The first time Steve thought he could guide Bucky through it and they would both be happier and saner on the other side. It had also been Steve’s first time – ever. The room they were locked in was small, functional, and windowless. It felt more like a cell or a crypt or a safe. Colonel Phillips had ordered MPs to put Bucky in solitary when he started to act strangely. It took a half dozen MPs and Steve to get him in the room. It took Steve another two days to convince Phillips that what Hydra and Zola had done to Bucky was transform him somehow from a beta to an alpha.
Coulson smiles, encouraged that Steve has taken more of an interest in his story. "Let's get you out of here, and over to SHIELD."
Steve hung up the towel and closed the dishwasher. “I’d been fooling myself for years. When I was a kid I’d get in fights all the time. Some of them were for important things, other times it was because the kids would call me names. Top amongst them was fairy.” He put up his hands to stop Tony’s protest. “Nat already told me that’s not a nice word.  I didn’t really need to know that little factoid. I knew it instinctively back then. Many bloody noses would attest to that fact. I was called it on more than one occasion. Once I got old enough I understood it. And the pain was immeasurable. The shame.” He rubbed at his eye as hiding unshed tears, and then raked his fingers through his hair. “The embarrassment when I came home from another fight and my Ma would ask me what happened. How could I tell her? What the other boys said? So, I railed against it. And it became ingrained. Something like that kind of self-preservation is hard to suddenly let go of.”
Steve hugs his arms around his knees and clenches his jaw. It’s not the first time Bucky’s gone missing during a combat. Space battles cause long delayed information. Recently, Steve’s received at least two different notifications of Bucky’s unknown status. Usually, the notification states unknown – not missing in action.
“I don’t know,” Tony answers and spins on his stool. The nurse dismissed herself as soon as the fifteen-minute timer chimed. Who decided on fifteen minutes, Tony has no idea.
“Shit, no! I want to take you. It’s already all over the media that we’re dating. Or they suspect you’re my newest beau. Plus, it gives a good reason for you to be at my elbow all the time.” Tony grins and all Steve can think about the cat that ate the canary. “Come on. Fake date me.”
“You’re suit is going to be trashed,” Steve warns as he touches the helmet to Tony’s hand. He accepts it with a smile. “White and motorcycles don’t really go together.”
“Catastrophic? Tony, really, that’s not good at all,” Rhodey comments and there’s that disappointment laced in his voice.
Blu stands up, stretches, and then joins Tony near the fire. He’s cleaned up any of the blood from his face and paws. His head is not a foot from Tony. Being the impulsive person that he is, Tony reaches out his hand and lays it on Blu’s mane. The lion does nothing. A scratch near his ear and Blu rolls into the touch like he’s starved for it. He paws the air when Tony stops as if asking for more. Tony obliges trying not to think about just hours ago he was sure the beast before him wanted to eat him.
“Not much, but maybe we’ll share our story if you share yours?” Bruce said and pointed to Tony’s arm.
“Okay but tell me where I’m going.” Steve hangs close to Tony as they head toward the elevator. Once again, they manage the access to the lift similar to the way they did through the doorway. It works a little smoother when Tony just uses his hand at the small of Steve’s back.
A sub/omega lying to their alpha had been unheard of in Steve’s day. It could mean worse than the rack. An omega could be lessened, could be ‘given over’ as they called it in his day. The alpha could bond with another omega and leave the previous omega as fodder for the new one to do with as he or she pleased. It wasn’t a good prospect. But that was years ago and times change. So Steve had luxuriated in the idea of an alpha, Tony, accepting him.
“The few other soul packs in the world work,” Steve said. “But they haven’t had the rough start we’ve had.” He stared at his own wrist, a menagerie of markings ran over his arm now. “I’m sorry about what happened to your parents. I know you blame Bucky-.”
“It’s the cold, I suffered too much from it. I’m going into stasis. I can’t handle it; Tony save me!”
“I’m not sure, but I think whatever they face in there is going to have a reaction out here,” Natasha answers. She’s leaning against the doorframe as if the weight of her words is too much of a burden.
“He was there for me, when I was younger and my father wasn’t. Doesn’t matter, really,” Tony shrugs. “He stays with me.”
“Well, I think you know that your son’s not dead,” Tony states. “So if your son’s not dead who is to say that Captain America is dead?”
He blinked and managed to get a feel for his surroundings. He recognized an interrogation room where they brought the co-conspirators and traitors to the Department of Human Security. He’d only been in the cell once – a long time ago when he’d first woken from the ice. They’d taken him on a tour of the Triskelion down into the bowels of hell. They showed him, in fine display, the things they did to humans who would act treasonously to their own kind. Then they escorted him to the upper levels, to the roof where they splayed out vampires, cruciform to flay and waste away in the sunlight. They had been accused of mating with the humans locked in the prisons in the sub-basement. One of them had been a young woman, maybe nineteen or twenty. She could barely lift her head as they stood there, watching the skin peel away from her weakened body under the sun’s harsh rays, witnessing how her body deprived of blood and darkness decomposed as she rotted still alive on the cross. She’d begged him for help, her pleas quiet and desperate. He shook as he stood there with the uniform on and his life just starting in this century. The star on his chest blazed silver in the day and it felt like it burnt a hole straight through his sternum and into his heart.
Ultron-Tony tilts his head slightly. He’s computing. “I think we need to get Cho in here right away.”
Steve holds his hand. “Not much. Not as much as you think, I should say. Nothing important. I thought it would be hard being a human again. But the hardest thing is the loneliness, but I’ve been lonely for so long.” His voice drifts away, fading to the edge of the memories  surfacing.
With careful steps, Steve walked over towards the man, giving Tony a curious look as he clipped the device around his neck.
"Yeah. Jus' readin'. You guys still talkin' grown up stuffs?" He asked softly, wriggling in his hammock gently.
"Then I assume you want us to help warm you up, buddy?" Steve hummed softly, helping the boy up onto the bed. "We can do that, I think."
"Tony, I-- really?" He breathed, almost disbelievingly. "About...what specifically?" The blond murmured.
"Yeah, yeah, mother hen," Tony grunted, putting his cold nose on Steve's chest. He sighed happily, easily sleeping away most of the morning. Yawning, he stretched, confused as to why the bed was cold. "Steve?" He slurred, poking one eye open.
"Just tell them your leg's been asleep for a long time," Tony hummed, "Let them see my handiwork. I'm not ashamed."
"N-No... Venom... Coursing through my veins! Aaaaaaaaand I'm dead." He announced, flopping on the ground 'dead'.
?" Steve asked with a smile twitching at his lips, eyes trailing back up at Tony's face. "I'm taking a guess that the robe isn't what finishes up this ensemble?" He purred softly as his eyes raked over Tony.
"You're doing well." He repeated. "That's all I could ask of you is to do your best and do well. Proud of you."
The brunet started to settle again, wrapping his arm around the back of the couch and around Steve's slender shoulders as they sat and watched the film a bit more in companionable silence. After a bit, Tony heard a low, curious voice perk up from beside him.
"Don't worry, baby. We've got plenty for the store, I promise." Steve chuckled, handing over the money and collecting the bounty.
Steve reached over and lifted Tony's chin slightly so Tony could look at him, giving him a soft look.
"You call your second mom by her first name?" Tony asked, genuinely curious, "Is that an 'I'd call her Mrs. Rogers but she'd kick my a-- butt' thing?"
Steve nuzzled Tony's cheek and left light kisses. "We can talk about it all once we actually get this baby business started after the meeting Friday."
"Then we won't move. Unless we have to." Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's waist, happily nuzzling into his neck.
"Take care now, Mr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers," she teased lightly, showing them out to the waiting room.
"I am fairly certain I believe the same with you, too." Steve softly grinned, kissing Tony's lips lovingly. "Not what I would have expected, but I am perfectly okay with that. This is much better~"
"I know, right? The way that they use their ingredients really makes it great," Steve hummed into his slice, "And I eat more because I burn it all off quicker, energy-wise. And someone has been helping me burn off more energy here lately." He smirked, splitting a breadstick and offering half to Tony.
"We'd never leave you behind, baby boy. We'll treat you just the same as we do and have ever since we had you." Steve explained softly, smooching Peter's cheeks.
This was one of those instances where Steve didn't think ahead what to say, so he awkwardly said the first thing that came out of his mouth.
doing that to Peter, Tony!" The blond scolded. "We're not scarring the poor kid until he is at least sixteen."
"You're a sap," Tony mumbled, relaxing against Steve, "My sap. A sap that needs to start making arrangements with Bucky for our trip so I can have someone go ready the cabin for us."
"You--" Tony panted, waiting to catch his own breath, "--You have no idea what you do to me, Stevie. None."
“So, you’re not going to like this” he started “But I know you know who would be the person most likely to have actual information on werewolves, right? Not that Bruce and you aren’t trying your damnedest, but--”
"Yeah, we did. We needed one from today." He explained with a stretch. "All nice and refreshed now though, munchkin."
"'Kay! I can do dat!" Peter said confidently, running and scooping up every toy he was able and waddled with full arms to his new room.
Peter nodded, scooting over in his bed. He patted the sheet next to him, tiredly reaching up at Steve. "In," he asked softly.
“I really appreciate this again, Bruce. You’re trying the best you can, I know.” Steve assured softly in thanks from the chamber before JARVIS rang through the lab’s speakers.
He let out a loud moan of Tony's name in pleasure as he fell over the edge, coming hard in between him and his husband as he trucked through his orgasm. Feeling Steve clench around him was enough to shoot Tony over, burying himself to the hilt before coming deep inside Steve. He drew a ragged breath and slowly pulled out, somehow managing to help Steve lay day before curling up to his side.
Steve grinned widely hearing Tony laugh, continuing the raspberry to keep hearing it. He only stopped when the man had a harder time breathing.
"Tony..." Steve said, sleepily and apologetic. He could see the sadness in Tony's expression take form again, wanting so bad to make the pain go away. "Y'slept a long time..."
Steve hummed in affirmation, giving Tony an eskimo kiss. "Absolutely great-- so when exactly are we planning this little field trip, anyhow?"
"C'mon, I want a glass dildo," Tony hummed, eyes zeroing in on a fairly large phallus, "Well--Steve, hon, guess what."
"Oh, I completely forgot." Steve groaned. "We'll have to have that meeting. And then I guess let the teacher know we'll be homeschooling him." He sighed, cuddling Tony.
Tony parked in a parking garage nearby their destination, places with different stylist and designers that he knew were quality. They were mostly all located on this strip, leading up to a boardwalk filled with locally owned shops. Hitting there would definitely happen after the shopping.
He nodded at Bucky, leading him out of the workshop and back upstairs to civilization, where laughter filled the room.
Steve nuzzled at his cheek softly, giving him a quick kiss. "Ring or no ring, I'll always be yours." He whispered back softly. "And I'll remind you every day if I have to. I'm yours and you're mine. That’s all there is to it."
Steve let out a soft breath as Tony roam his body, shivering slightly as the kisses came to his bottom lip.
"This might be the tightest you've ever been with me. I'm surprised." The blond queried. He continued to stretch Tony, searching around for that sweet spot before he went any further.
The blond took it, shaking firmly. "Nice to meet you Tony. I actually meant the robot." he chuckled.
"That's my boy, Petey." Steve said with a grin, smooching the boy's face playfully. He was glad Peter was up for it.
"Right." Peter said with a nod. "Don't worry, Daddy! I figured it aaaaall out 'n dere is no messes. Pwomise."
"Yeah. Yeah, we'll go see it. It's an old Victorian-y house. Gorgeous," he mumbled, kissing Steve back, "I mean--" Tony bit his lip, shyly tucking his head under the blankets, "--It's big enough for a family. If you ever want one."
"I don't want to embarrass you, Tony. I'm sorry. You just make me feel so good and I just-- Is this not normal for humans to do?" Steve asked in concern, looking up at Tony with those big, blue, puppy dog eyes.
"Lookit you, boy," he purred, taking Steve's legs and propping them up on the desk, "So nice and spread for me, hm?"
"You may be hungry, but we'll have to teach you how to eat without getting it all over yourself." Steve chuckled, watching the boy try and wipe his face. "Or I stop making messy food, but I don't want to do that."
"Okay, I will. Love you, Tony." He said, kissing Tony's forehead before carefully wiggling out of bed. Steve set the shark plush for Tony to cuddle up with while he headed down to the kitchen to start on dinner.
"Well--" Natasha faltered slightly, shaking her head. "Sammy's a gem, perfect little angel, absolutely amazing. He's fine. Peter's.... Pete's in time out right now. We were actually just about to call you about that."
He flicked it undone, slowly snaking it out of his belt loops before flicking it against his own leg, gasping and moaning at the tingle of pain and pleasure.
"Mmm, 'kay," Peter mumbled, sticking his thumb in his mouth. He was asleep in seconds, quietly snoring against Steve's chest.
"Shhh," Tony hummed, keeping himself firmly pressed to Steve's front, "Kid doesn't know better, and it’s not like I'm gonna suck you off in the kitchen."
"That was Bucky and Nat. They are wanting to adopt, but they aren't sure if they want one that’s already a little older or have one themselves." He explained. "But they want to borrow the boys for a playdate to see which they could handle."
. At least we had our pants on. Er, Steve did." He grinned cheekily, curling into the arousal rolling in his stomach.
Steve turned and stared curiously at the television as it turned on, leaning forward in intrigue as colorful flashing images formed and moved on screen in front of his eyes. Tony watched with amusement as the man watched the screen in wonder, asking the brunet 'How do they do this? They can make drawings move? Its like magic...'
Tony gaped over at Steve, only taking a second before grabbing his collar to pull him down for a kiss, ignoring Peter's gagging noises.
"Ah!" Steve shuddered, hips moving to press against Tony's. "'Whining will get me nowhere', huh? Sure seems to work well for you."
Steve hummed appreciatively at that, running a hand down Tony's back.  "That's a good pet, love." He smiled softly, reaching around to Tony's front. "Now, stay behaved, and I'll show you why you need not touch yourself."
"Markers aren't for chewing, sweetie. That is a mess and possible doctor visit waiting to happen." Steve explained, offering a finger from his clean hand. "We seriously need a teether for you, bud."
Steve moved to straddle Tony's back, hands grabbing on by the man's shoulders and rubbing into them gently. "Wanna massage you up first. Get rid of that stress."
"Hey. Hey you, shhh," Tony soothed, putting Peter between him and Steve, "We didn't lie, sweetheart. We really didn't."
Once he felt chills on his skin, Steve about shot awake. There was no longer a warm body atop of him. He rubbed his eyes as they adjusted to being open, looking around to find rose petals. Steve slipped his boxers back on, padding softly on the floor and following the trail. It was a long trail, but it eventually led to the backyard. Following it further, he stopped dead in his tracks as he eyes the set up before him in awe.
"I'll get one from the salvage yard. I'm afraid you might rip my dick off if I touch your true love," Tony snorted, pitching his voice higher at the smack, "Oooh, Steeeve!"
The third time Tony woke up, he could feel the tear stains on his face, but the warmth smooshed on his face made him laugh softly, kissing at the welcome warmth.
"Oh my god, you're starting to use my humor," Tony snorted, laughing, "Yes, yes, smartass. Thank you."
"Y-yeah." Tony stuttered back, because how was this really his life right now? He was starting to get jerked off by a former merman who was looking at his dick like it was the greatest thing he had ever seen.
wanted to you'd have to go back in time and--fuck." Tony grit his teeth as he made the new incision on his thigh, breaking old scar tissue.  "I need time, Steve, I need a lot of time and I can't go back right away, I'm going to be a fucking
As Tony started wrapping, Steve had Peter in the tub, letting the boy play with a couple of toys while he washed his hair.
"That was good that you did that. Got him away from Howard." Steve said softly. "Tony never went into extreme detail, but either way, I hate the man. And I haven't even met him yet. Tony didn't deserve any of that. No one does." He said seriously.
Tony grabbed his favorite blanket off the back of the chair and wrapped it around himself, about to get comfy when he phone chimed.
Peter eyed the mess that was starting to appear on Tony's paper before turning back to his blank sheet. He started to doodle on the page just as Steve headed into the studio.
"Don't be sorry." The human said, waving off the apology. "It meant I got to meet the guy who saved my ass from drowning and actually got to have an interesting conversation with someone. You're definitely something special, Steve."
"Really? Let's test those limits," Tony smirked back, grabbing his wallet and phone off the table, "You won't have any problem detaining me, will you, officer?"
wanted. And loved. And cared so, so deeply about, Tony. And you better know that now if you didn't know before." He explained softly. "And what made you think I wouldn't say yes? I was the one who managed to bring it up, what, the first or second day I knew you?" He huffed in a chuckle.
"So, there are still waffles in the kitchen for you, guests are gone which leaves the couch completely open for movies and cuddles," Steve explained, nuzzling Tony's neck sweetly.
Steve gasped quietly as Tony stroked, hips twitching up into the attentions slightly. He noised gently as Tony continued, looking up at the man softly. Leaning down, Tony gently pressed their lips together, licking his way into the blond's mouth. He groaned softly, feeling Steve harden in his hand.
"I love you too." He whispered back, taking his husband's hand in his. "I can't believe you got him to laugh."
"We understand that, Tony. We'd never want you to go straight to us if Steve is there at the time. Just would have been nice to hear from you after. Even if it were a couple of days after." Bucky said with a hum. "But the thing is that we know now, and you know that we'd be there whenever. Before or after you dealt through it with Steve."
"You'se gonna make Papa weally Capt'n 'merica, too?!" Peter said even more excitedly, hopping in place. "Den you'se both would be like real supahewoes!"
"How?" He finally said, clinging to Tony more. "With a video like that being on the internet of all places, how the fuck did he never get arrested for that?" He said through gritted teeth, a tear leaving his eye. "How could they let someone with that big a name off with something like that? To his own fucking
"M'gonna get dwessed first," Peter replied, standing on his tiptoes to kiss Sammy's cheek before bouncing off for his room.
"Does he know how to work his computer yet, Tony?" Steve asked curiously. "You could show him that then we can read him to bed in a little bit."
"I love you, too." Steve smile gently, letting Tony curl up into him and rubbing the man's back gently. "See? These are the things we can talk about like this.". He hummed sweetly.
Steve blinked at him for a moment. "I think we should go. I mean, that was the original plan. Besides, it’s not that late in the evening. So we'd have time for that and whatever little 'show' you have planned for when we are back home." He hummed, following Tony and opening the restaurant door for him.
"I'm hurrying, babe. It’s harder when I'm holding you up, too." He breathed, reaching over and grabbing for the bottle. "Gotta set you down for a sec, babe."
"Mmm, brown-noser," Tony rolled his eyes, "Doesn't work on me, Stevie-boy. Only Pete gets away with that."
"Pfft. Or you would've had a heart attack." Steve explained. "It took you forever to get me convinced to agree to the idea." He snorted, laying his head against Tony's. "I'm glad I was convinced, though."
“So here, basically." Steve joked. "But that would be fun. As long as we could go out and sight see a few days out of it. I'd like to see the location we're spending money to have sex at." He snorted into tan skin.
"They were right. I'm the noisy one. Sorry, I tried not to." He panted, shutting his eyes for a few seconds and reaching for Tony's hand.
"I'll be really stressed, and you'll see me act out a lot. Need you to keep me in line so I don't completely fly off the handle at Howard," Tony muttered, a frown on his lips, "You'll hafta help me get up and go there and--basically, you'll be dragging a teenager around. It's awful."
Steve chuckled at the boy, walking over towards the markers. "All right, we can color. But if you use markers, we are using the Color Wonders." He pointed out. "You just got a bath and we don't want you messy again."
"That is a nice part. She's got a nifty collection, huh?" Steve hummed sweetly. "I like when they beat Ursula and they get a happy ending. The book isn't as happy as the movie, so it’s nice."
"I've missed this," Tony murmured, grabbing the bottle of lube tucked under a pillow on the mattress, "Miss
"Hey, this is off topic, but I thought about it earlier." He started. "I figured that since we have our own place now, maybe we could invite just your mother for a few days? That way you can enjoy time with her and I can meet her without Howard causing trouble with the meeting, y'know?"
"You can ask him in the car," Tony pointed out, leaning down to smooch the boy's head, "Be safe, and listen to your Aunt and Uncles, okay?"
"I just hate that he got away with it. I hate it..." Steve whispered, snuggling into Tony. His kissed at Tony's face lovingly, leaning at the touches on his chest.
Peter just hummed noncommittally and picked up his book again, happy to snuggle Sammy and ignore Steve. Steve frowned at that, looking downward as he stepped a bit away from the hammock and sat on the floor. His head hung in hurt, feeling terrible that he could've made Peter think such things. After a moment, Peter looked over with a sad huff, tossing his book aside to reach down and pet Steve's hair.
"We would never give you away, baby. Having another baby wouldn't change that. We love you too much to let go." Steve explained softly, pulling the boy close for comfort.
"Yep, definitely, I definitely do," Tony stammered, "We should--we should go fix that. Right now. Mhm."
"That's a good boy," Tony murmured, slowly pumping Steve through his euphoria, "Very good." He pushed back to covers to get down to Steve's hips, kissing the tip of his spent cock before licking up the come on his stomach and hand.
"Yeah.... God, Steve, I can't wait," he breathed, "We'll get to bathe him tomorrow, and rock him and do
"Your blush is so prominent on your skin, though. Like a porcelain doll," Tony murmured, "Your freckles are cute. Hell, you're just cute in general. Case closed."
"However you'd like to play with me, darling." Steve smirked back with a hum from the touches. "I'd let you know if I was opposed to something. Promise. Just want you to have your fun."
"I asked because I seem to have a few pages of nothing but sketches of you, I think." He explained softly. "They look like there was a good amount of care taken in drawing them, so I thought that maybe it meant we were together."
Tony hummed, slowly slipping his fingers out of Steve. "You're beautiful when you do that. Got such a beautiful color to your face," he mumbled, sitting up slightly.
"I think that'd be a good alternative to my--yeah," he motioned to his leg, "I mean, it would work. I can tell you that much."
Steve started to bob a bit faster, working Tony the best he could with his mouth. He sucked and licked and teased, trying to get Tony to come.
"If I did, I wouldn't be able to leave," Tony snorted, "and I want to save my appetite. We can stop in on the way back, but there's no way in hell I can go in there now."
"Thank you, bubba. It’s not your fault but that means a lot." He said with a small smooch to the boy's head.
"If you're going to throw something, don't make it the cookies." Steve sighed, snuggling Tony. "But I can see where Peter is coming from. Because you used to live by yourself away from everyone, but when I met you, your heart grew in size and you let more good things in." He hummed.
The blond's hips bucked upwards, mouthing a silent groan. The cuffs clinked softly as his hands moved on instinct to pet at Tony's hair, but to no avail.
"Okay. Alright. Won't talk about it anymore. We'll worry about Peter for now." Steve agreed, driving on.
"Poor little guy can barely keep his eyes open." Steve cooed, scooping Peter up onto the bed and under the blankets. "You'll feel better in the morning and I'll make you a big breakfast, okay?"
"That's still keeping it from me. You should have told me as soon as you got home," Tony replied, shifting Steve on his lap, "That was very disrespectful of you, Stevie."
"Peter, please don't cry bubba." Steve pleaded quietly, feeling really bad about Peter bawling. "You're okay. You did such a good job with Sammy, baby. Please..."
"Ew, gross. Didn't you do enough of that while you were gone?" Bucky said with a smirk as he came into the room, it dropping when he saw blood from Peter's nose. "Okay, I swear that wasn't like that when you were gone."
"Tony...what is that?" He asked, trying not to get his hopes up. Lots of things could come in little, black boxes. Not just that, right?
"I love you." Steve said gently as they settled, kissing Tony's cheek. "I love you more than I could ever tell you. Just so you know." He chuckled softly. "I can't imagine myself with anyone else."
He hummed to himself, eyes rolling up as he thought about it. Steve hummed back in an interested manner, leaning at the kiss.
"It’s because you're the brilliant one. I gotta be good mentally somewhere." Steve joked lightly, leaving tons of smooches on Tony's face. "My brilliant, genius husband who I love very
"Yeah, later." He grinned sweetly. "There better be one time that you'll only speak to me in Italian the whole time, too. So you know."
"Um, another question." Steve said again softly. "I hope I'm not prying too terribly, but what condition are you referring to? If it’s too personal or anything, forget I asked it. Don't mind my question, please."
He grinned, swooping down to kiss Steve's cheek while prepping himself, easily slipping two fingers in off the bat.
"You are literally the cheesiest person I know. But you're right. We can talk feelings," Tony chuckled, climbing on top of Steve. He twined their legs together, tucking his head under Steve's chin. "Whaddya wanna talk about?"
Steve moved Sammy's hands so they weren't grasping at Peter's glasses but he could still reach the boy.
He wasn't doing anything extraordinary, he was just fiddling his iPad. But that is the action that triggered such a response from Steve; This guy's profile was absolutely stunning. Steve started to roughly sketch the male in order to see if he could get a feel of drawing him. The motions came so fluid and easily, and for a rough sketch it actually looked decent. His decision was made. Now just to ask.
The dark haired man was in awe at the texture, running his fingers up and down inquisitively. Up was rough, down was smooth, and the scales refracted light in many shades of blue. He ran his hands over the opaque fins on the side with a soft hum.
The blond stepped inside slowly, shutting the door behind him. He looked around, taking in the apartment. It was a little messy, from what he assumed to be from work, but that was normal around here. People creating get messy.
"If we make it quick. If Peter found out, he'd be grumpy at us the rest of the day." Steve replied, opening the passenger door for his husband.
"Captain Rogers, you are quite the charmer. I am pleasantly surprised." Tony smirked back at the blond, eyes fluttering half-lidded as he let himself fall into the building pleasure from the touches.
Smirking, Tony leaned over to the nightstand, grabbing a bottle from the drawer. He pushed his panties to one side so he could prep himself, slicking Steve up before lowering himself, moaning loudly.
"Bathroom sex is always there," Tony grinned, "And I'm not below a gag. I think as long as we're quiet, he won't really know or care. He's six, not sixteen."
Tony's lips twitched into a smile at the touch, slowly waking him up. "G'morning, babe," he mumbled, yawning and snuggling closer to him, "Sleep well?"
"I know, baby. Was made to. Damn--" Steve grunted, resting his hands on Tony's hips as they adjusted.
"You don't want Peter to go first?" Pepper asked softly, picking gently at tissue paper on one of her bags.
"You can't-- It's not your fault, bambi," Tony replied quietly, putting the blade on the tub's edge so he could lace his fingers with Steve, "I need it, sometimes. It helps."
Steve kissed back happily, slightly turning his head to deepen it. Peter made another muffled "EEEEEW!" from inside the sweater, leaving Steve to laugh against Tony's lips.
"Yeah! Yeah!" He said excitedly, wrapping his arms around Tony's neck and nuzzling the man's chest. "Papa said he was makin' s'ghetti. Did he make s'ghetti?"
"Yes sir, you have my word, Oh Captain my Captain," Tony grinned, saluting Steve from the bed, "More than happy to fuck you into an existential crisis."
"I couldn't tell you, baby." Steve said with a forced chuckle. "Do you think we should take you to the hospital, though? Might've tore something..."
"Ow." Steve grumbled slightly through a moan from the pinch, glancing back at Tony. "Sorry, I'm not used to this. It took me by surprise..."
"I'd be fine with that, but let’s try not to have your knees give out for your sake, huh?" Steve chuckled, leaning back against Tony's shoulder. "And if you're old, that must mean I'm ancient." He laughed warmly.
"Love you too, munchkin. So, so much." Steve whispered back with a warm smile, ruffling Peter's hair. "How about we go see how Daddy's doing with work and we can ask him about the day with just us, huh?"
"Oh, I don't even wanna think about that, either." Steve groaned, leaning back in bed. "And he was hiding in the back yard the whole time. Made us nervous wrecks. These boys'll be the end of me."
