“I am glad you’re asking because I didn’t brush my teeth yet so the answer is no,“ Sherlock chuckled, sticking his tongue out.
-Mary's body, lying on the floor next to his feet, unconscious, close to dead, bleeding wound in her chest.
Sherlock’s entire face is but a flushing red pepper, his eyes however, shining bright like fairy lights and his lips, spread into the widest possible grin. One fleeting look is all they exchange before they both burst into giggles again.
Sherlock glanced at him from across the room. “I have to admit… I didn’t expect you’re going to be so open. I guess… I guess that I just need a little time to process it,“ he said at last.
but as soon as he realises that Sherlock might end up not eating at all, he tears off a small piece of his own toast and passes it toward Sherlock’s lips.
“She’s clearly planning to kill me,“ Sherlock hissed, strolling around the room. “Or… hurt me at least.“
“Me first,” he teases, then sucks in the tip, almost lazily slowly. Sherlock barely manages to keep his balance, the sensation completely overtaking him. At once, he reaches to grab the back of John's head and pulls him closer, urging him to go on. And John is more than happy to comply. He swirls his tongue around the head of Sherlock's cock and pushes forward, humming obscenely loudly.
Sherlock gives a fake laugh. “You must be mistaken. We barely ever leave our room. If you know what I mean.”
John inhaled deeply. “Then you should have told me. You should have called. At least once. I would have been fine, I would have waited for you. Right here. At home.” John gritted his teeth, he couldn't keep it together any longer. Hot, bitter tears rolled down his cheeks and there was nothing he could do.
reason to be worried, John,“ Sherlock protested. “I think it would be for the best if you’d go now,“ he added quickly, sensing that John was about to raise another objection.
Silence. They look at each other for a moment, fondly. Then, John breaks the eye-contact. Takes a moment to compose himself. Feels almost embarrassing.
. He tries to keep his eyes fixed ahead on the door and maintain his distance from Sherlock but to no avail. He can't force his mind to stop thinking of kissing him.
, of all people. That’s why I panicked a little, you see where I am going with this? John, maybe I am wrong- don’t look at me like that, please-“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, “but since we’re now so open with each other- “
“Sherlock,“ he breathed out, his voice at first higher than he intended it to sound so he had to clear his throat. “What you told Mary… you-you know what I mean, was it all true? Or was it just another one of your tricks? Did you mean any of that?“
“I didn’t mean the couch,“ Sherlock sheepishly bit his lip, rubbing the back of his neck. John would swear he noticed a hint of a coquettish smile upon his lips but it must’ve been his imagination because Sherlock’s expression was rather that of a shy lamb once he opened his mouth and spoke again.
're the one who's going to get hurt if you don't leave him alone,” John whispers roughly, a word of warning. He could easily punch all of Marco's teeth out if he wanted to and the man must have sensed that because he no longer appears to be as fearless and confident as he'd wish to. He's practically shrunk under John's murderous stare. And Sherlock... his lips start to spread into a smug smirk at that sight.
,“ he purred, leaving a hot huff of breath against Sherlock’s skin as he ghosted with his lips down over the side of his neck.
, John?“ Sherlock elaborated, his voice fading out as if he was ashamed of saying those words aloud.
Whatever excuse he’d have, John would know it’s not the truth, he knew this well enough. Sherlock was not able to lie to him anymore, nor did he want to anyway.  But for now he
“You are?” John takes a pause, momentarily distracted by the mental image. “I-I mean, of course you are... What’s the idea then? Have a swim in the sea?“
Merely five seconds later after John leaves to order a drink, a tall, tanned man with a hair bun approaches Sherlock. Sherlock can't help but roll his eyes as the man leans on the table and attempts to flirt. He must have been lurking in the shadows, waiting for the right opportunity and that alone makes Sherlock want to throw a drink in his face.
I am very much grateful for such a distraction. In fact, I have a much better idea - we must stop taking boring cases.
Thank you. John Hamish Watson, do you take, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, to be your lawfully wedded husband?
talk about it,“ John suggested, cutting the silence that once again descended for a brief moment. Sherlock offered an immediate response, his voice creepily calm and low all of a sudden.
“Obviously,“ Sherlock nods. “Next time when you’ll be the one lying in bed, blindfolded. Assuming you want to try that too, naturally.“
want them to be true. John wished for the right opposite, even though he considered it a bit absurd at the moment and not only because he was still married to someone else. And yet he couldn’t bring himself to finish the sentence.
Sherlock’s eyebrows fly nearly impossibly high in surprise. “You want us… to walk like this? Holding hands?“
Suddenly, John stops himself, realising there's no point in dwelling on what happened the evening before and risk another awkward conversation. Half of the attempts to have a heart-to-heart ended nearly catastrophically after all.
tell him where are you going,“ Mary concluded, peering over Sherlock who however insisted on what he said before.
As soon as Sherlock entered the foyer he quickly headed up for the stairs, but much to his disappointment he wasn’t lucky enough to avoid an encounter with Mrs Hudson. Before Sherlock managed to come up with a lie believable enough to slip through without having to answer any questions, the landlady flooded him with thousands of enquiries.
Sherlock was about to interfere but John shook his head in order to stop him. This time they had to done it his way and Sherlock had no other choice but to surrender.
“No, no,” John shakes his head, perhaps a bit more vigorously than he intended. “Sherlock, none of us is going to sleep on the sofa, alright? We’re adults. We can handle this like adults.”
“Wh-what?“ John's eyes widened. “You said you’d never let her anywhere near me if you didn’t believe we’d loved each other. And now you know you were wrong, you know I don't want to be with her, not even because of the baby and yet you
“Hey there,” the man grins from ear to ear, trying to pull off a Spanish accent but failing spectacularly. “Can I get you anything, dove?”
“It’s always about John, isn’t it?“ Mycroft sighed in a manner that clearly suggested he’s more than just a little worried.
The next morning plays out, to put it mildly, much differently than the morning before and not only because John is the one to wake up first.
She's survived. But don't worry she's not here. Mycroft's going to take care of it. Once and for all.
“I am sorry, I am truly sorry,“ Sherlock whispered, softly pecking John’s cheek. “It’s okay now – no, stop giving me that look, John - yes, we jeopardised the entire operation, blew our cover, accidentally broke a couple of sculptures worth thousands of pounds and... well, thanks to us, three surprisingly skilful professional thieves have disappeared without a trace, but… on the bright side, we’re here, we’re safe and together. That’s all that matters, right, John?“
Sherlock let out another sigh. “That's not what I meant.” He lifted himself up from the sofa and took only the smallest step toward John, trying to ignore the pain in his back. His skin was practically burning and his bones still ached from when John had tackled him to the restaurant floor but he couldn't blame him, really. And he surely wasn't going to bring up the incident now.
Something dark had been awoken inside of John once Sherlock’s raspy voice resonated in his ear. He was about to ask if he could continue but the lust he saw there in Sherlock’s eyes were enough of an answer. So he leaned back in and without making a sound he started sucking on the soft skin, but only tenderly, so tenderly as if his mouth was a petal floating on the water.
“The thing, Mycroft, is that… you’re not here anymore and now there’s only me and… these secrets we used to share- “Sherlock let out a shaky sigh, struggling to finish what he’d started.  “I guess that’s why I am here, am I not? It’s so
“You’re never going to get rid of me again, you silly idiot,“ he added in this typical mock-serious manner once Sherlock frowned at him all puzzled.
Okay, here's the thing... I don't care what you want. Let John walk away and we both might as well forget about this little incident.
But John lost already too much blood and what was probably even worse, he was still not coming back to himself. Sherlock heard a siren in the distance, but he could tell that it was probably already too late. It didn’t make him stop however, he was keep trying to pump a life into John’s body, he refused to stop, he was willing to spend the rest of his life saving that of John’s if it was necessary.
“Been for a while,“ he replied, his voice raw and tired, sounding entirely different from what Sherlock heard before his awakening. “Unlike you. When did you arrive?“
Sherlock stared uncertainly at the stone path in front of him, wondering what forces had actually persuaded him into making that unexpected decision. Coming back to that place was the last thing he was supposed to do if he truly wanted to escape the pain and yet there he was, attempting to face it instead. What exactly had changed his mind so suddenly he wasn’t sure of, it didn’t even matter at the moment as he reached to push the rusted gate open.
The doors into the room flew open as the dark haired nurse who refused to let Sherlock into the room before, came to check on the patient.
I'll take everything from you, Sherlock, do you understand? It's your fault that John has learnt the truth about me. He's left me, just because of you.
Sherlock opened his mouth a couple of times so he could finish what he had started, but once John so fairly brushed his wet cheeks he was suddenly short of words, his eyes fluttering shut and mouth falling open in a silent gasp. He had imagined this moment countless of times before, but the reality felt much better than any of the fantasies he could have ever come up with. But John was waiting, patiently, not making a move until Sherlock let him. No matter how intense had been the urge to finally take that lush bottom lip in between his own lips, he refused to do something Sherlock wouldn’t approve of at first.
John’s attempts were, however, whether unfortunately or not, thwarted by his own phone that had started buzzing quite obnoxiously, teetering on the edge of the table where John had left it.
But thanks to John and his never ending zeal to make a human out of Sherlock, instead of solving a tedious case, they ended up giggling together like they were high, stealing each other’s glances like they were never too shy to admit their true feelings, they were simply happy, together and it was enough back then. It was one of the moments Sherlock cherished the most in his life. A moment he almost crossed the barrier and blurted out words too bold to even think about. But John never felt and he never would feel the same way as Sherlock, at least that was something Sherlock believed in back then, so he simply brushed off the idea of confessing his feelings. Sentiment wasn’t something he found appealing after all.
If John accepted the idea of them being more intimate with each other, then it was up to Sherlock to explore and adapt to these new conditions he had been presented with. Sherlock was certain of his own feelings, up until only very recently however, he was too scared to pour them all at once out of the fear of John’s reaction. But he couldn’t simply ignore what had happened during those past ten days. John was being honest with him, more open than ever before, and even though Sherlock could hardly believe it, he had to admit that maybe John’s reaction wouldn’t be as dismissive if he learnt the entire truth. The truth about how deeply Sherlock was in love with him. Nevertheless, confessing that John meant for Sherlock the entire world was still something entirely different than saying those three significant words out loud. That was a risk Sherlock yet refused to take. He had to be absolutely sure that they both wanted the same thing and just a couple of vague signs certainly weren’t enough to convince him.
“Uhm, Sherlock?” John pipes up, but, as it happens, the very moment he opens his mouth, his confidence begins to wane. Sherlock has just come back from the bathroom and was about to head straight for the front door but he stops short when he notices that John is giving him rather a serious look.
.“ Sherlock wasn’t even sure who is he yelling at. If it was the ghost of that woman or all those unwelcomed creepy memories. One thing he was however certain of. Mary wasn’t there with him in the room. She was just a hallucination induced by insomnia, the result of Sherlock’s slightly twisted mind and a lack of sleep. His brain was fortunately still awoken enough to distinguish between what was real and what was just a fantasy.
No, no, please don't finish that sentence, Sherlock. I told you... I'd never hurt you. Nor I'd ever forgive anyone who would dare to lay a finger on you. You... You matter to me, more than anything.
you’d even like do to me afterwards?“ Sherlock asks, feigning utmost disinterest in John’s reply but John can recognise a very familiar tone in his voice. He is getting hooked. Despite pretending that he’s never heard a worse idea in his life.
there, in flesh, glaring fondly at Sherlock while absently rubbing the rim of his mug, but Sherlock had no idea what to say. He couldn’t tell him the truth, not just yet. If John knew that Sherlock and Mycroft are after his wife, or worse, that Sherlock is supposed to be meeting her soon, he would either want to go with him or stop him. And that was something Sherlock wanted to prevent from happening.
“Just don’t let this affect you in any way, John,“ Sherlock warned him, terrified of the possible turn that sort of a dialogue could take. “I didn't say it so I could distract you from what is truly important. It doesn't matter what I... what
“Please, Sherlock-“John pleaded, once again stepping forward to close what felt like a giant hollow abyss between them.
. John could swear he’s just caught a glimpse of hurt in Sherlock’s eyes and once he pulls back he even notices his bottom lip wobbling ever so faintly but then Sherlock forces a weak smile and John decides it would be for the best if he simply changed the subject.
“You’ve never complained before,“ Sherlock stated, tension slowly easing off his chest as the conversation flew on.
John clears his throat before replying as if being somewhat ashamed of what he’s about to propose, considering he’s doing so mostly because he just wants to prolong the day for as long as possible. Fearing he’ll never again have a chance to spend such an evening with Sherlock, he refuses to waste this opportunity.
him with his own body from any harm that could come. The gun in his hand had still been pointing at the woman he once cherished, but now felt only hatred towards.
John is still staring at the paper in his hands. Doesn't seem to be paying much attention to Mycroft.
As soon as he locked their lips however, Sherlock’s phone beeped in the pocket of his jacket and such positively charged moment was irretrievably gone.
Sherlock was still walking back and forth across the room; at first he didn’t notice that John had stepped in. But John didn’t even mind. There wasn’t anything more enjoyable than watching Sherlock while he was so entirely absorbed in work; it was truly a remarkable sight. He was on fire, possessing an immense amount of energy, like a hurricane ready to blow down everything standing in its way.
“Besides,“ he continues, “you were exceptionally hard fifteen minutes ago already. I expect you’re going to last for approximately one minute and fifty five seconds only, that’s it, if I am not going to put any effort into it.“
. Wet, slicked back and atypically non-curly, and yet John has never before yearned to stroke his fingers through it as much as now.
“John, for God’s sake, what even is your point?“ Sherlock snarled through his gritted teeth, choking back a sob that was about to escape his throat. “What do you expect me to do? Am I supposed to - to cry my heart out? Should I wallow in tears for
Sherlock wavered for another brief moment, but once his eyes were met with John’s and the idea of continuing what he had started suddenly didn’t sound as bad. John seemed to be willing to play along so Sherlock could’ve as well teased him a bit further, just so to find out if it was really getting serious between them or Sherlock simply read the whole situation utterly wrong.
already.“ Sherlock made an abrupt end to the call, tossing the phone across the room in an aftermath. He decided to not take any wise advice from his brother, despite knowing that Mycroft is the one he should be listening to in the first place. He was determined to rely on no one and nothing but his own brain, even if his confidence has been shattered, even if it meant he might pay for his actions with his own life.
“Yes. I assume you didn’t want to kiss me in front of everyone because we’d never kissed before and messing up a kiss could easily butcher our cover. But-”
No reply. Sherlock throws but a glance at John, then reaches for the handle, opens the front door...
“Well, she won’t be around, naturally,“ Mycroft replied. “I’d suggest her to pay a visit to her sister. Without letting her know what is the reason behind, of course… “ he added once already reaching for the exit.
John's eyebrows fly up at Sherlock's unexpected request, but this time, he doesn’t hesitate. At least not long enough to miss his chance. Instead of simply letting Sherlock take the charge though, he carefully slips his hand into Sherlock’s, intertwining their fingers. He can hear Sherlock take a long shaky breath, he clearly didn’t expect John to make the first move. Truth be told, John himself didn’t expect it. And in turn, feels like a teenage boy again. It’s kind of ridiculous, he thinks, he
“Yeah, okay, fine,“ John nodded. “But don’t you think I am angry at you because of that, Sherlock. Your needs and comfort is what is much more important than the fact that I had been starving for sex with you for so long. I don’t care if it takes years till you gather enough confidence, I
“What did you want to tell me?“ he could have suspected what Sherlock was about to say before they were interrupted but he needed to hear those words from
“Do you really not see how important you are?“ John whispered, rubbing small circles with his thumb across Sherlock’s upper arm. “There’s Mrs Hudson, your parents, Lestrade, Molly,
bloody fault,“ John groaned, rushing to put the kettle on, never taking his eyes of Sherlock as if he was afraid that something even worse could happen to him if he dared to look away. “If I wasn’t acting like a selfish dick you wouldn’t-“
“Never what?“ John scowled, crossing his arms. “Didn’t you promise that you will never underestimate her again? Sherlock, look,“ John leaned forward, taking Sherlock’s face into his palms. “Mary is
, Sherlock, yeah, I am – I am going to fuck you so hard so you’ll see the stars, Sherlock. You’ll come for me, will you Sherlock? And I am going to come for you,
obsessed with the idea of killing me. God, John, we can’t let her run free even if she decided to not go against me in this very moment. She could turn up any day in the future to finish what she had started and get n between us again.“
, I-” Sherlock objects but his voice slowly trails off as he notices that John has begun to unbutton his shirt. And suddenly, it's impossible to concentrate on anything else. It's not like he's never seen John shirtless, it's just that John (unlike Sherlock) doesn't tend to promenade around the flat half-naked and Sherlock has always been too respectful to exploit the semi-transparent glass door that leads from his bedroom directly into the bathroom.
“I apologised,” he asserted, fighting back the tears that all of a sudden started to burn his eyes. “Do you want me down on my knees?”
Sherlock shrugs phlegmatically. “I fooled around a little in high school, out of curiosity. But it didn't count. Yesterday did.”
Sherlock barely drew a breath. His mouth fell open, but he had nothing to counter with. He was exposed and for him, in the worst possible way. And Mary was clearly amused by all this.
On one hand, it’s somewhat an honour to be entrusted with this kind of private information, on another, John can feel his fingers trembling as he pours some of the lotion onto his palms. He kneels behind Sherlock and ever so gently begins to massage the sunscreen into his back. It’s a moment so intimate, John wishes to forget they’re in public. And Sherlock... Sherlock makes it anything but easier.
Sherlock’s face ever so slightly saddens. He seems to be genuinely disappointed with John’s response. “Alright, then. I understand... Well, I can always ask someone else-”
“Wait, she’s went off to somewhere?“ Sherlock’s brow rose. He immediately reached for his phone in fear that he missed the text while his attention was entirely focused on John, but there were no new messages.
John, last night. I... I might have said something I had been saving for a more pleasant occasion. I just wanted to assure you... I meant it.
“I remember, yes, I remember everything. All those moments that made my heart flutter, all those times we touched, all those times I made you laugh. But this moment, Sherlock, this moment I will remember the most.“
“I am of a different opinion, brother,“ Mycroft said in a tone cold as usual. Not even in the situation they found themselves in he managed to drop that mask of a distant, cool man. “I was afraid you would do something stupid, left on your own. Remember the last time I saw you in the state like this? Thirty years ago, Sherlock, the moment you were given an empty collar and a worn out leash that belonged to no dog anymore. And remember what you did after then? You-“
Sherlock pursed his lips. That's exactly what he had always wanted, but judging from John's tone, he didn't share the same enthusiasm. Or so it seemed.
Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock addresses the receptionist in what sounds like nearly perfect Spanish, but doesn’t dare to question him in front of her. He should
“Thank God, you’re not me then. Listen, Mycroft, I want to know what is she up to, if she wants to meet me, be it, I am not a coward,“ Sherlock hissed into the phone.
Sherlock looks him up and down, wondering whether to inquire or not but in the end, he decides against it and gives just a soft smile instead.
As soon as he climbed the last pair of stairs he could hear that something had moved behind the door, an obscure, muffled noise as if someone just shuffled from one place to another. The idea that John would still be there, however, sounded perhaps too good to be true, considering the possibility that he might had been hurt by Sherlock’s words. Sherlock had already regretted he’d fibbed just so John would leave him alone but it might as well been too late already. Since what he
John doesn't want this moment to end. And not only because kissing Sherlock is pure bliss. He is very well aware that once it's over, he'll have to explain himself and unless he's finally ready to confess he's in love with Sherlock (which he isn't), he doesn't have many options.
As soon as John woke up the next morning he was prepared to discuss what happened the previous night but once he shuffled into the sitting room, he found nothing apart from Sherlock’s laptop left open on the table. It seemed that the man was nowhere around flat, no matter how many times John called for him, Sherlock didn’t show up.
“Why wouldn’t I? It’s a pretty film,“ Sherlock shrugs, as if it was nothing but common of him to admit to have such interests. “It has dogs and happy endings. I watch such films when I feel… like watching such films,“ he mumbles to himself, scrunching his nose at the food as if it was supposed to be poisoned. After a moment he decides to twirl some pasta on his fork, but he can’t bring himself to eat, not when John’s staring right at him and so thoughtfully. Before any of them manages to break the silence, Angelo interrupts again, practically prancing toward their table.
“And there are no cashew nor peanuts, what are you going to munch while watching one of those ridiculous shows in the evening, I have-“
“But we both now need a little time alone, I guess. And you need to rest, so… later. I’ll be back soon, don’t worry,“ he added, walking his way toward the exit.
John opened his mouth to retort, but decided against it in the end. It was futile, attempting to express himself with words, he had never been good at that, but the silence that had descended was far too heavy and awkward for him to do nothing but give in and stand idly. It was like an impulse, to wrap both his arms around Sherlock, and hold him tight and close, hiding his face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
“I-I was about to ask you the same thing,“ Sherlock blurts out, drawing back at least an inch to retain the control over his insane desire for John’s lips.
Sitting there with Sherlock all by himself, John realised how much he wished he’d never have to leave the flat again. He wished he could stay, taking care of Sherlock forever, loving him the way Sherlock had always deserved and eventually, maybe even confess what he’d felt ever since the minute he’d walked into that lab all those five years ago. Even though the fear of being rejected had been present, always, preventing John from being fully prepared, he could no longer pretend he wasn’t so unconditionally, so profoundly in love with Sherlock. He was too tired of waiting for a miracle that would solve all his problems, too tired of pretending he was happy with someone who had betrayed him and lied to him about everything, he’d never been.
we can’t afford this. Do remind me, Sherlock, why didn't you let the client pay our stay? Who the hell is going to anyway?” By now, they’ve already reached the front door, which Sherlock not only gallantly holds open for John but he does so with a smile. Thank God, he must have already forgotten about the dreadfully embarrassing cab ride. Or so it seems.
“Don’t bother, please.“ At least Sherlock replied. That was a good sign. Although it was hardly an answer John had hoped for, he was glad that Sherlock was communicating again.
“But wait a second,“ he glowered after giving the room another one over, “you didn’t know I was moving back in. Not until today, even
“That’s okay,“ John giggled but then a fresh wave of pain in his torso pacified him and his grin turned upside down within a second.
, he was raging and furious. He had wanted nothing more but to have Sherlock back but once Sherlock did show up and nonchalantly announced that he had bloody faked his death, John felt... betrayed.
“John?“ Sherlock leans closer, but rather than replying John peers at their joined hands instead. Thinking he made a huge mistake, Sherlock attempts to quickly withdraw his hand but much to his surprise John catches his wrist, squeezing ever so gently before entwining their fingers.
Before John knows it, he starts to slip over the edge of the pool and with a huge splash, he falls into the tepid water. Or, to put it more correctly,
“Okay, fine. I don't need to hear that anyway,” John snapped back, but God, was it a lie. Sherlock had implied
John shut the door behind him, growling at himself for acting so inappropriately in such a moment. Yet he stood there, as if he was stiffened, listening for a while until he could be certain that Sherlock had indeed got into the tub.
“Of course you could,” John chuckles again, then lets out a tired sigh. “You could always read me like an open book. If only you stopped skipping pages...”
“One more, hm?“ John murmurs into the crook of Sherlock’s neck but much to his surprise, Sherlock catches his wrist instead, the tip of his tongue darting to clean the cream off John’s thumb.
“Look,“ John started, cautiously choosing the words he was about to say, “I’ve promised your brother that I’ll look after you and there’s
“Joh-John? God, no, no, no, you can’t die, please, John,“ he cried, cradling John’s body while kindly placing him down on the cold floor, trying to not make any fierce movement that would cause any more damage to the man.
but he managed to bite his tongue before making such a mistake. And a mistake it would be. Sherlock had had a horrendously rough day, choosing such a time to discuss the state of their relationship after five years of dancing around one another would be quite loony and highly disrespectful.
Mary didn’t even blink upon being addressed by her true name. She casually, as if it wasn’t anything uncommon, pulled out a gun out of her purse instead, leaving her hand down however.
“Are you asking these questions in all seriousness? Allow me to remind you,“ Mycroft cleared his throat, giving his brother a stern look, “it’s been
was wrong, not you,“ he admitted, lifting his gaze. “You were right. I wasn’t honest with you, I wasn’t fine, God, not at all. I
, you idiot,“ John uttered in half-whisper, quickly heading for the bedroom so he could finally unpack.
in the first place. None of this would have happened. I - I feel like a prick, I apologise, Sherlock.“
Oh, you're such an idiot. I knew exactly what you were going to do. I have you right where I wanted.
He rose up from the chair and without being any concerned about the mess he left on the table behind he headed for the door. But almost as if Mary could read his mind, she sent him another text in the moment Sherlock’s hand was already hovering over the door handle.
“And yet you’re still willing to go after her,“ John sighed deeply, his voice filled with worry. “Why do I have a feeling that you two are trying to beat one another in this twisted game of who will get the other one killed first?“
Turns out he doesn't. On the contrary. Slowly, John slides his fingers underneath Sherlock's shirt, pulls it off his shoulders and proceeds to stroke further down his back, dexterous fingers making Sherlock's skin tingle and burn and crave for a more intimate touch.
carefully pressing the tip of his cock against Sherlock’s lips as soon as his kneels dip into the mattress. Sherlock immediately gropes John’s thighs, angling his head so he can lick the glans and suck so teasingly slowly at first so John’s reduced to a cursing mess in the very beginning. The very next moment these same low, guttural growls spur Sherlock so he decides to skip now so tedious teasing. He starts sucking with almost a carnal voracity, using no hands but his dexterous tongue and lips to draw the most enthusiastic moans out of the man above him, catching John so off guard so he nearly loses his balance.
Sherlock, pacing up and down the hospital corridor outside a private ward. John's ward. He's fiddling with his own fingers, looks almost close to a panic attack.
Sherlock knew about each of her intentions so far, but what forced her to act the way she was acting that day, that has been a mystery to him. A one he’d love to solve as soon as possible. After quite a few, long minutes of wavering he decided to answer, he could lose nothing after all and Mary was being rather persistent, she sent another couple of texts while Sherlock’s been hesitating what to do.
So while leaning in for an open-mouthed kiss, John slyly reached behind Sherlock’s neck and tickled his nape just fairly, barely brushing, but with enough vehemence for Sherlock to notice.
to act now before he is able to change his mind again. Clutching the lapels of Sherlock's shirt, he moves to push him against the nearest wall and locks their lips in the most fervent, passionate kiss. He's been holding back for
“What a shocking revelation,“ Sherlock scoffed, rolling his eyes. “I had hoped you would provide a more thoughtful analysis, brother.“
In an instant, John and Sherlock pull back from each other, flushing, panting, clearly embarrassed. They exchange a brief look, then look back at Mrs. Hudson, but she's already on her way out, flailing her hands and laughing joyously.
,” Sherlock quickly adds. “A bit clumsy maybe, yes, but it was you and me and I wouldn't have it any other way. John, you're the only person in the whole world that I want to be with.”
“I, umm, yes...” Sherlock clears his throat, pale cheeks turning pink. “I... should get up, shouldn't I?”
John wavered for a couple of moments, fiddling with his fingers behind his back until he finally decided to break the ponderous silence. “How are you feeling?“ he piped up after a moment, cautiously picking each single word.
be that arousing. Once the receptionist gives Sherlock the key card, and John realises that he should stop staring at Sherlock’s lips, they head for the elevator, each of them carrying a bag in one hand, their free hands awkwardly brushing each other as they walk. John begins to wonder if he should just grab Sherlock’s hand but then again... they’re waiting for an elevator. Nobody does that. Unbeknownst to John, Sherlock is in exactly the same dilemma.
“I just hoped you would,“ Sherlock shrugged. He circled around John, tossing the bag over the sofa. “Even if I couldn’t predict that you were going to stay forever. I was just trying to-“
As much as John would love to continue, though, he can only hardly concentrate on having sex while there's someone standing right outside the door.
John smiles again, lowers his head as if to hide his blushing face. As he does, he takes a glance at his watch...
Sherlock appeared to be rather scandalised by what John was propounding. There was no way the detective would let it all go so easily and John was aware of this, yet oddly enough, he seemed to be resolute to set a seal upon the topic.
-“ it was a mere whisper that vanished in the rumbling of the water, but it was all John needed so he would thrust against Sherlock with even more force and vivacity.
There doesn't seem to be any reaction coming from Sherlock. John manages a wry smile but it fades almost instantly.
Crack. Shot. Fire and scream. Sherlock’s name on John’s lips as he threw himself in front of the man, collapsing into his arms the second after the bullet drilled into his flesh. It all happened too quickly, almost as if someone hit fast forward. The very next thing Sherlock was aware of was John’s hand spasmodically clasping the sleeve of his coat as he drew them both down on the floor. Sherlock fortunately perceived soon enough to catch him under his waist, wrapping his other arm around his torso. Their eyes met the moment before John’s body stiffened in Sherlock’s embrace and in the same moment his face uncovered every so far carefully hidden emotion, hitting Sherlock as painfully as if he’s been the one receiving the shot.
But he didn't. Besides... To be entirely fair, John, nothing bad would have happened to him, were he not so incredibly stubborn. I warned him... He shouldn't have meddled.
He hesitates no more, turns to approach Sherlock. Stops a few feet in front of him. Crosses his arms.
He scowls at it, checks if Sherlock is still sleeping. Then very carefully, drags his arm from underneath Sherlock, climbs out of the bed.
“I thought that after all we’ve been through together, Sherlock, you’d be more honest with me,“ John admitted, gazing at Sherlock, patiently, until Sherlock finally turned to the side, locking their eyes. His face was rigid, unreadable, whatever Sherlock felt in that moment he must’ve kept it buried deep inside, concealing, hiding like a wounded animal in fear of bursting into tears in front of John.
Sherlock flashed him rather a wry smile, instead of offering an actual answer. Not that he could speak anyway, not through the knot in his throat. He was eager to change the topic as soon as possible, perhaps ask what had prompted John to climb down the stairs and attempt to start a conversation in the middle of night, especially since he had spent the past two days avoiding doing so at all cost, but almost as if John could read his mind, he replied to his thoughts before Sherlock even managed to utter a single word.
My brain feels fogged, I need to clear it. Distract myself from thinking about what happened. Once and for all. Or at least until I learn how to cope with it.
As soon as John stopped fantasising about the things he was eventually about to do to Sherlock, he realised that Sherlock was in fact fumbling with the buttons of his jeans already, as if he could read his mind.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” he rasps, turning his head to catch Sherlock's lips, pliant and pleading for more.
his home actually was. John didn’t want to go back to the house he shared with Mary, that he was certain of. He also had no access to the flat he used to live in before he moved in with his wife so there was only one another option, one that left both John and Sherlock flustered once they brought it up.
He didn’t even need to give John another look to know exactly what was about to follow. John shuffled his feet, his eyes fixed on the floor and two words, merely whispered timidly, escaping his mouth.
“Sherlock, you should leave Mary alone,“ John yelped. “I don’t like the idea of you risking your life all over again just so you can get your revenge or whatever. Truth be told, I’d like to not talk about Mary at all. At least not while I am still stuck in this bloody hospital. I am sure we’ll have to go through this once I am back home anyway.“
There was nothing Sherlock could’ve done or say to contradict Mycroft’s words. It was nothing but true after all, John has saved his life so many times Sherlock had already lost count. He couldn’t give up after everything they’ve been through, he owed John that one and besides, the faith was all he had left, the last straw he could grasp on.
Sherlock finally found her - Mary. She smirked and stepped into the light of Sherlock’s phone he was using in change of a flash-light, circling around him and looking him down as if he was a prey and she a predator which could predict its every move. Sherlock felt vulnerable and Mary knew it. It was all a game, a mouse and a cat where Mary was simultaneously both – a mouse which was trying to hide and provoke a cat to find her, but once she succeeded, she turned into a cat herself and Sherlock was just a tiny rodent, quivering under the pressure of her deadly gaze.
It’s not until Sherlock reaches to take off John’s coat that John realises he’s in fact still wearing two. Clearing his throat, awkwardly and blushing, he quickly flops into the chair, somewhat subconsciously choosing the same spot he chose once already, five years ago. Private little corner it is. The only difference being the proximity between him and Sherlock now that he’s sitting so close he could as well sit in John’s lap.
As she walks up to his bed, to check some equipment, Sherlock throws a glance at her, finally acknowledges her presence. Then looks around the room, still typing. He blinks, slowly, as if he's just realised something.
Sherlock stiffens for a second, his lower lip wobbling feebly and eyes welling up with tears but knowing it’s the sorrow and frustration ruling John’s mind, he doesn’t blame him nor he plans to give up and walk away. Right opposite actually.
It's not at all uncommon that patients in a coma dream. These dreams, however, tend to be strange and unpleasant and the worst of all - terrifyingly realistic.
Whether John intended it to sound like an order or not, Sherlock very quickly changes his mind about not moving and hurries to stride across the room. John can make an impression even while washing dishes, apparently.
,“ Sherlock whined although knowing that it would be much easier for all of them if he simply admitted that that John was right. “You two are
On John: Chilled to the bone. He's been rendered speechless. Can't think of a single thing to say. Despite their previous conversation, Sherlock still hasn't fully comprehended.
John and Sherlock at Scotland Yard, standing a few feet away from police men that are discussing an evidently boring case. Neither of them seems to be particularly interested in what is being talked about.
I feel better after all. Obviously. You can believe me this time, I swear. You trust me, right? Your - your presence here makes
Sherlock: opens his mouth but his voice falters. He swallows, gazing at John, intently, as if begging for those words to be taken back-
“Yeah, a kiss or two for a case? No problem.” John tries to sound casual, but his voice betrays him. Not just his voice, really, he tries to ignore the shivers crawling down his spine but to no avail. It's like his body has decided to act on its own in anticipation of what the next seven days are going to be like. He's just agreed to kiss Sherlock after all.
A sweet, beautiful woman in the client chair. Eyes on John, rather than Sherlock. Looks like she's trying to catch his attention.
“And you’re telling me you remember that moment?“ Sherlock’s brows knitted but the smile on his lips didn’t disappear.
“I don't blame you. I'd say something myself but, to be perfectly frank, my brain malfunctioned when you kissed me.”
First, there’s but a tender, tentative brush of lips but as soon as they make contact and actually touch John instantly melts against Sherlock’s body and kisses him hard and lovingly, completely forgetting that this whole thing is supposed to be just a ruse for a case. Because to him, it’s not and never have been anyway. John kisses Sherlock for real, holding on for a couple of long, beautiful, extraordinary moments... only to realise he’s probably overdone it and should have retreated much sooner. But just as he is about to withdraw, Sherlock suddenly parts his lips and begins to
“Thank you. Believe me, I did want to reply to your texts. And answer your calls. But I was so... angry and frustrated and still in shock and what you'd said left me so confused, my feelings were all over the place. And Mary wasn't exactly helpful either. She kept talking about the wedding, that I should concentrate on the preparations, that it would help.”
John snorted, arching his eyebrow at Sherlock in a mild amusement. “Who are you and what the bloody hell did you do to my boyfriend, Sherlock Holmes?“
,“ Sherlock pleaded. “Mycroft is gone, yes, but our lives have to go on. Somehow. What we have to concentrate on now is that Mary is still carrying a baby - don’t look at me like that, please. Regardless of who Mary is and... how you feel about her, John, you are an honourable man, you have no heart leaving Mary alone with a child, whether it’s yours or not. I know that rage and hurt has clouded your senses but there’s nothing we can change about it. You can’t just leave Mary in the blink of an eye even if it's what I suspect you want right now.“
John stares at him, anxiously awaiting a response of some sort, but instead of offering any, Sherlock rises instead. Walks a few steps away from the bed, then turns back to John, takes a step back toward the bed, freezes.
be me. Fuck, if we’ve talked about this in the very beginning none of this would have happened. We could have been together long ago.“
He had been using, Dr. Watson. A lot. Which must have made his dreams much more intense. Judging from his behaviour, Sherlock cannot seem to be able to distinguish between the reality and his imagination. At least not yet.
“Up-upstairs?“ Sherlock’s brow furrowed as if he suddenly wasn’t even aware of that the John’s room was indeed up another flight of stairs.
“Sherlock, wait, I didn’t mean to insult you.“ It was a poor attempt to stop him, but John had no idea how to do it any other way.
“You were eyeing that particular picture in the menu for at least ten seconds before you moved onto another which you merely frowned upon. And besides, we’ve been living together for over two years, I kind of know your tastes by now.”
I'd choose you.” And with that, Sherlock chuckles and spatters water in John's direction, trying to goad him.
“Ah, I see.” Sherlock takes a pause, rocking back and forth on his heels, eyes on the floor. “I take it you
There was a small chair he grabbed and placed right next to the bed so he could sit as close to John as possible. It was a heart wrenching sight. Sherlock was now glad that John was so peacefully sleeping, he’d like to apologise as soon as possible, but he was sure that he wouldn’t be able to utter any words at the moment. Not when his throat was so dry and his eyes were filled with tears again. And an apology said in such croaky voice, full of sobs and sniffs wouldn’t even count, Sherlock wanted to do it properly.
“I suppose he's trying to figure out who the hell the two blokes that have been stalking him for the past few days are. Can't blame him, I guess.”
Sherlock had expected a quip or at least a raised eyebrow but he received none of that. What John offered instead was the sincerest nod of understanding. At least he
“No, John, you said so… no more tears,“ Sherlock quickly reminded him. “It’s all okay now, isn’t it? We’re here together and that’s all that matters. Please, let’s bury the past, forever. It’s only you and me now-“
The door, visible in the background, opens. John enters the room. Smiling, but looks a bit anxious to see Dr. Mason there.
Before making further inquiry he reaches for the mug Sherlock prepared for him, taking the first tentative sip.
Sherlock gazes at him for a while but then turns to stare at the ceiling instead. There's something sad behind his eyes.
, please,“ John pleaded. “Why are you like this? You can’t just pretend that you don’t care, that’s insane. I know you don’t even want this, so… why don’t you just tell me the truth, Sherlock? You know you can trust me. Sherlock-“
“Then lie down, come on.“ While still holding Sherlock in his arms, John slouched down to the same position they lied in before, except for that he wasn’t leaning against the headboard anymore.
But I must. Bottling it up inside... it's driving me mad. I might as well burst. I need you to listen to me, John. Please.
John wets his lips. He can practically feel Sherlock’s intense gaze, but he doesn’t dare to turn and meet his eyes. The concept of kissing Sherlock is... terrifying. In all the best ways John can imagine. He’s been longing for Sherlock ever since the day they met and now... now he might as well get a chance to
On Mary's face - cold, determined. Holding on, there's a sound of cocking a gun, except... It's not Mary's.
“Ah, well,” John gives a small sigh, then walks up to the bed and sits down next to Sherlock. “You can't always get what you want.”
John blinked, his breath significantly quickening and the tremors in his left hand relentlessly reminding him of his fears and insecurities. “You've hurt me,” he rasped, his voice slowly giving in. “So much, Sherlock.”
Sherlock absently blew out a string of smoke, his eyes upon the ceiling and his mind racing faster than ever before. He couldn't make it stop, couldn't focus on anything but the thought of John. They hadn't talked for six months now, six excruciatingly long months. John had decided to ignore each and every one of Sherlock's attempts to get in touch and while it didn't stop Sherlock from sending at least half a dozen texts a day, he had certainly lost hope that he'd ever be forgiven. Today, however, was
“Sherlock, I could have carried that bag by myself,“ John ranted once Sherlock paid the cabbie and they headed toward the front door together.
look. You need a bloody break from all the boring, mundane stuff. Call Greg, get yourself a case or two to solve.“
Fifteen minutes later, John returns to find Sherlock curled up on his side and... seemingly sound asleep. Quietly, he tiptoes toward the bed, just to make sure Sherlock isn't only feigning slumber, but once he takes a look at his serene face, he can no longer tear his eyes off him. It would be a crime to pass up the chance to relish this rare sight for just a little longer. Having to spend all day in the scorching sun must have taken a toll on Sherlock, and it has certainly taken a toll on John too, but in spite of sleep deprivation, he can't bring himself to lie down next to Sherlock as of yet.
Sherlock snapped again, hissing at his own obnoxious mind for that it kept wandering away. He was glad no one saw him at that moment, wet, ragged and dirty, on the verge of another emotional breakdown, desperately trying to hush himself. As it turned out three second later, however, he was not nearly as alone as he thought. The moment he reached for the doorknob the doors flew open all of a sudden, John’s immensely concerned face peeking from inside the room.
It’s not until now that John pulls back and with a half confused frown and still on his knees he crawls around Sherlock so he can face him. “Request?” He sits down on his heels, raising an eyebrow. “What kind of a request?”
“I know you think that all these precautions we took are completely unnecessary,“ he piped up once they were comfortably cuddled in each other’s arms, “but we can actually profit from this situation.“
“Oh God, Sherlock, come here.“ Once John lied back on the mattress Sherlock curled up against him, laying his head upon his chest and placing his arm over John’s torso. John didn’t even realise that Sherlock was in fact naked under the blanket, not even after Sherlock tossed his left leg over John’s legs in order to be as close to him as possible. No such inappropriate thoughts have crossed his mind this time. He circled his arms around Sherlock’s body, keeping him safe and protected and soon they both fell asleep like that, this time not opening their eyes until the sun rose above the horizon.
,“ Sherlock bawled. “I just fear you’re purposefully omitting one pretty relevant detail, John. What if that baby
They’re the last to leave the restaurant, uttering barely any words ever since. Walking side by side in silence that is somewhat difficult to break, they soon find themselves back at Baker Street, Sherlock gazing at John, longingly, like the deepest desire it is, wishing he could read the man’s mind. Just once, just this one time to learn what kind of thoughts are currently going through his head. Sherlock yearns to know what John
“More tongue, Sherlock,“ John mumbled in between the kisses, now lying on top of Sherlock, cupping his cheeks and sucking on his lower lip. The way he moaned against Sherlock’s mouth after their tongues finally rolled against each other’s was positively sinful. Sherlock let John to take the lead, to guide him, to
“Your muscles are tense,” John observes as he rubs up and down Sherlock's nape. Sherlock suspects it's the doctor in him speaking, which only makes it harder to keep it together. Literally. He can only wish that John doesn't intend to stop anytime soon.
John was glaring at Sherlock with utter astonishment sparkling in his eyes, corner of his mouth tugging up in a little half-smile. He saw Sherlock’s mouth moving but he didn’t hear any words, all his mind could concentrate on was the need to lean closer, erase the short gap between them and finally lock their lips together. But he didn’t do it, of course not. Sherlock probably wouldn’t forgive him this enormous mistake so easily, if at all. So he just grabbed him by his forearm and looked deep into his piercing blue eyes, soothing him down, making sure he understood that everything was alright and he didn’t have to worry about him anymore.
On the bright side, I might as well try again. This time, however... This time I'll make sure it hurts...
John clenched his fist, twice, thrice, pacing up and down the room like an anxious animal. He couldn't bear to look at Sherlock, who was sitting on the sofa with his legs curled up and didn't say a word ever since they'd left the restaurant and returned to Baker Street.
“Hey, are you okay?“ It was Sherlock who shifted even closer to John this time and just because the other man seemed to be ready to tear up any second. In that one glimmer of moment they both ached with need to take each other’s hand but both of them were under this false impression that the other one wouldn’t approve yet.
“John, what the hell-“ whatever Sherlock was about to said dissolved into giggles once John repeated the same action.
to look, needs to watch how his cock disappears between John’s lips, John’s hollowed cheeks, John’s caring hands caressing his thighs so soothingly...
“No, that’s fine.“ Sherlock leaned against the door frame. If John didn’t know any better he’d think that Sherlock was flirting with him once again.
Once he returns it is not only a plate full of meal he lays on the table. At the sight of the candle in front of them Sherlock rolls his eyes but to his surprise John doesn’t complain. Right opposite.
... to wallow in self pity,“ John continues, choking back one sob after another. “I hate myself for acting like a bloody bastard, ungrateful for the miracle that happened. But I feel so… so weak and lost and empty inside, I can’t bring myself to be the strong, solid man I once was. Not after what happened. I wish I could stop feeling like a monster but hell, I even
Shhh, don't exert yourself. You're in a hospital. You were in a coma for a short time but it's okay now, you're back.
“It was for your own good, John.” Sherlock's voice suddenly echoed through the room, prompting John to finally come to a halt and throw at least a glance in his direction. Albeit a very angry glance.
“No,” John shakes his head. “It’s not the first time we’re doing something this, er... unconventional for a case. You said so yourself, kissing is just the part of the job. No need to get...
Mary’s words were toxic, poisoning John, he didn’t understand how she could’ve been so vile and cruel. She admitted that all what she’s done was just a part of some sick plan how to not lose him, but she felt no regret. She was cold and vicious, manipulating everyone she came to contact with, even her own husband. John now understood that the only person Mary cared about was herself and no one else. She wanted to have John, but not because of a love that was pure, she loved him, but in her own twisted devastating way.
“Sherlock, come on,“ John snorted, pulling the other man closer by his waist. “That’s never going to happen. I am
.“ His name was now the only word in the world that mattered for Sherlock, the only word he was capable of uttering. But it was enough. Because it was the word thanks to which Sherlock could express everything he felt, everything he was still too scared of saying in any other way.
“Can I be honest?“ Sherlock bit his lip as if he felt guilty. “I am not sure in this very moment. I mean, I
“I would never do that to you, again,“ Sherlock turned to the other man, meeting his lips for a brief moment. “But that doesn’t mean I am done pursuing her, John,“ he mumbled once pulling back.
“God, I am so sorry, John, I have no idea how this happened.“ Pretending that his hand acted on its own in his sleep was much easier than to admit that Sherlock craved for this feeling and so he shamelessly reached for John’s hand to hold it.
to try this now. The worst that can happen is that we’ll run out of food. Speaking of which... aren’t you supposed to be putting something in my mouth already?“
do that, that he should keep bottling up the feelings he has for Sherlock. He's always feared he would lose him if he told him how he
What do I want? I want to... Apologise. I want to apologise for doing such a crappy job at shooting you. I am sorry, I really am. I am sorry you didn't bleed right there at the spot.
Few things John enjoys witnessing more than Sherlock’s face in the moment he figures something out. It is a remarkable sight even now, that John can’t actually see his eyes glinting with ecstasy. His jaw drops and cheeks turn red, no coherent words leaving his throat but as it turns out two seconds later he doesn’t need to ask any more. John’s tongue dipping into his belly answers all his questions.
On Sherlock's face, there's uncertainty in his eyes. He just stands there, in the middle of the room, wavering. A few moments pass, then suddenly, he turns swiftly around, blurting out -
birthday if I receive a greeting card which rarely happens so that doesn’t really count. And even if it did it would never top the significance of any of the aforementioned dates. It would most certainly never top the significance of today’s date either. Today is a
,“ Sherlock stuttered as he scrambled up to his feet at last, not even bothering to sort himself. “I guess I – I should be going, I shouldn’t even be here to begin with, this turned out to be a horrible idea-“ he sighed, contradicting his own words, however, as he took two wobbly steps toward the headstone.
“Fair play,“ he nodded. “So, what is it you wanted to know, Mary… or-“ Sherlock hesitated but then he said what he’s intended to. It was more than clear what was the purpose of all this, there was no use pretending that Sherlock has no idea anymore. “I suppose I should call you by your real name?“
Inside the vault of a bank. Dark, alarms ringing. There's two men, hastily putting money into bags. We don't see their faces, they're wearing balaclavas.
want to have sex with you but John… I don’t actually know how sex even… works.“ Sherlock was so red in his cheeks that he had to grab a pillow in order to hide his face.
“God, John,“ he growled, such a sound that was nothing like the usual velvet, mellow colour of his voice. It was a sharp tone, a voice gravelly and thick with myriad of emotions but
Oh, John. How's Sherlock? Did you talk to him? He didn't forget about us, did he? I've heard stories about people who had lost their memor-
“You’re right,“ he said at last, at first hesitating but then turning back to Sherlock whose eyes were already glassy despite his best endeavour to keep them dry .
“You didn’t insult me,“ Sherlock mumbled, now standing frozen in the middle of the room, eyes pinned down upon the floor tiles.
“For God’s sake, Mrs Hudson-“ Sherlock fumed, heat building up in his cheeks as he quickly jerked away from John who was as equally red in his face. Mrs Hudson managed to interrupt them in the worst moment imaginable.
“I highly doubt that,” John chuckles awkwardly but once he notices that Sherlock is gazing longingly at his lips whilst
“He'll leave us alone if we start snogging right in front of his nose,” Sherlock utters under his breath. “I know we haven't kissed since
Sherlock had never been more delighted that he did not inject himself. If he had done that he would not have been able to successfully quell those obsessive, persistent visions and under these conditions he would have been most likely found dead from overdose later on morning.
“No, no, no, sit back, Sherlock, it’s alright.“ John assured him, gently gripping him by his wrist and so coercing the man to listen to him. As Sherlock slouched back on the chair, the beeping calmed down and John’s heartbeat did the same but the man himself was still panting hard as if he just ran a marathon.
“-but if I continue concealing these feelings for you for one more bloody second I might choke... I- Christ, I can’t live without you, I need you by my side, always, all the time, Sherlock, I...
feel now, John. Focus on the present. You told me the truth about... about Mary and the baby and trust me I’ve never found myself in the position so I had to repeat this particular sentence so often but... I still don't understand...why, what difference that makes? What are you going to do now that you told me all this?“
“Why? You’re laughing, that means I must have done something good, right?“ Sherlock grins, pleased with the results.
“Oh come on, I presume that if you didn’t perform a CPR on me, my body would be already rotting ten feet under ground.“
Of course I chose him. And I hate myself for not doing it the moment he returned... I should have. Because I love him, I've always loved him. I love Sherlock Holmes, is that what you wanted to hear?
go back to her after what she did to you. I would have even left her for you, anytime, even the very second you had returned. Hell, if I had known you were alive back when you faked your death I wouldn’t have wasted my time looking for a new relationship, I would have waited for
, John, I am- look,“ he pointed at the screen, his open mailbox in particular. John squinted, eyes briskly flicking over the text but it seemed to be just a nonsensical strophe of random words.
“The same one then? I can’t imagine a more perfect piece of music, if I have to be honest, it’s your best-hey, why are you giggling?“
Well, truth be told... I want you to... I mean... What I mean is that... I'd like you to stay forever, John.
Winking at him, Sherlock lies down on the blanket, gazing up at the cloudless sky for a moment before he turns to face John again... “You can as well give me the kiss you would have given me had Harrington's presence not disturbed you.”
. With a deeply frustrated sigh, John hangs his head, taking a pause to compose himself and only then he raises his gaze again.
John could feel his own hear thudding loudly and vigorously in his ears, breath hitching and tears bursting out of his eyes but he wasn’t ashamed of crying. He had used to hold back and hide his tears from the world, just like Sherlock, but this time, this time he chose to finally let go.
,“ Sherlock smirked, pulling John into another deep , messy kiss. “Until then-“ he licked his lip once drawing back, his cheeks still flushing. “You know, I hoped I’d provoke you to do the same thing you did in the morning. I
I just borrowed it. Between you and me, John, she's incredibly irritating. And judging from what I have found in her phone, also a criminal, alas, I have no proof at my disposal.
John himself had troubles fighting a groan at the sight in front of him. He couldn’t avert his gaze from Sherlock’s beaming face, water dripping fast down his red cheeks and lips still spread into a huge, provocative grin.
Sighing, he has risen. As he walks past Sherlock, he reaches to gently touch his arm. It's brief, but it still makes Sherlock's brain malfunction for a second.
It was quite a sad, eerie picture unfolding itself in front of John’s eyes. Sherlock’s dark figure standing petrified, like an ancient marble statue basking in the dim, grey light, brooding, pondering, and maybe even recollecting old memories. Whether Sherlock was so fascinated watching the raindrops streaming down the glass or not, it seemed to be putting his mind at peace. He appeared to be calm and composed although John had a raging suspicion that it was all just a disguise.
“Weren’t you listening? I was incapable to pull that damn trigger, what other choice I would have if I wanted to save you?“
John should have expected such a turn of events and he kind of did, really, but it sure doesn't stop him from expressing his disappointment. “You. Are.
“No. Don't,” Sherlock implores, his voice a faint whisper, a tad desperate maybe, but John has already raised up and headed for the bathroom.
Sherlock on the other hand was having a difficult time speaking. He was pointlessly blinking at John in amazement, occasionally opening his mouth but he wasn’t able to say a word until only much later, still pale and quite in shock.
but all it takes is a beat and the next second they’re gone, not much as glancing at either of them.
Sherlock can feel John’s fingers threading and tangling his hair before he tugs so firmly so Sherlock’s scalp tingles, just the right way, but then Sherlock pulls even further, taking the whole length of John’s cock into his mouth so this time John truly, completely loses control over his movements.
?” Sherlock suddenly raised his voice, despite himself. He didn't mean to snap at John, he had every right to be angry, after all. But knowing just how much he actually
Yes, I did speak to you. Shortly before you woke up from coma. I had no idea you could hear me. A part of the reality must have bled into your dreams.
But the detective himself has been already so tired that his eyes fluttered shut in a few moments. Without even trying this time he soon drifted off to sleep, dreaming along with John while his hand was still covering the other man’s.
The truth was that, obviously, John couldn’t have chosen a worst time to pay a visit, but there he was - him and his stupid tomboyish smile that made Sherlock’s knees go weak. He never had enough courage to admit it though, not even in front of himself.
Sherlock doesn't need to be told twice. He puts his hands on the edge of the pool, on each side of John, and lifts himself up a little, smiling into the kiss.
“And what for?“ Mycroft turned to him, sneering. “From what I can gather you’ve already figured out what all these messages in fact mean, so frankly… I have no slightest idea what on Earth I am doing here.“
Immediately after the message was sent, Sherlock’s phone vibrated in his cold, slightly trembling hand. Mary has just sent him the address he was supposed to drop by. Sherlock was well familiar with that part of London - posh, wealthy families were occupying the neighbourhood, but it was also a place full of half-ruined, uninhabited residences people tend to avoid because after being deserted for so long they’ve happened to become a home for all sorts of wild animals and in not so rare cases even for people who otherwise had no shelter to hide in.
They hadn’t uttered another word until the cab reached their destination. Once Sherlock got out of the car he picked up the bag and then held his hand off for John who surprisingly enough didn’t even protest. In fact, he was glad that Sherlock kept in mind the fact that John should be saving his own pains, not making any unnecessarily hasty movements, even though the detective perhaps took it a little too seriously.
Mrs Hudson first pouted over Sherlock’s rudeness but then she finally retorted. “He said, ‘your Sleeping Beauty has awoken’.“
Sherlock does attempt to protest but John has already begun to walk away. Knowing he’s lost the argument, Sherlock sulks for a moment or two but it takes only a little while before his pout morphs into a fond, besotted smile. He wouldn’t ever admit that out loud, or at least not yet, the truth, however, is that he feels extremely flattered by how much John cares about him and his well-being.
John caught himself opening his mouth, once again ready to spit out what had been crossing his mind for quite a time already but he managed to bite his tongue again before that happened.
“Oh, you mean the mad prick? He fell in love with the bravest man under the sun,“ Sherlock smiled but instead of rewarding him with a kiss in return, John nudged his chest, struggling to choke back a laugh.
This time Sherlock didn’t fight. He let the tears roll down his cheeks, allowing himself to indulge in that momentarily relief. But it hardly lasted for long enough. What was dark and unwelcomed had soon crept back in, returning with such a force that pushed Sherlock down on his knees. Vicious, intrusive thoughts strangling him, drowning him in guilt, despair and anguish. He couldn’t move, almost as if he’d been chained to the ground, long forgotten images flashing in front of his eyes against his will. Past interchanging with present.
Sherlock stared at him perplexed, only vaguely aware of John’s arm that sneaked around his waist. He still didn’t quite process the fact that John was indeed there, keeping his word that he wasn’t going to leave him. John even walked him towards his chair, supporting his body as if he was an injured soldier who needed to be carried off the battlefield.
“Ahem-John?“ he turned around once already in the doorway, smirking teasingly. “Don't worry, I want the same thing you do.
Half an hour and twenty seven deductions later they finally find themselves at the park gate, light November snow falling on their shoulders.
It's not until he approaches the desk that Sherlock meets his gaze. Silently, he beckons to the device, hundreds of questions in his eyes. John only very reluctantly looks at the screen and skims over the single paragraph...
Hospital. Mycroft. Sherlock’s hand slipped into the pocket of his coat upon remembering what was still residing at the bottom. Temptation to simply light up the cigarette he just pulled out was too strong, breathe in smoke, clear his mind off of dirt and mess and misery. But he didn’t do it.
“Just - just what?“ John wavered for a couple of short moments, shocked by such a stark change in Sherlock's behaviour. He was approaching Sherlock so heedfully as if he was a small, frightened fawn he could accidentally startle if he hadn’t been cautious enough. Sherlock himself felt as such, staring wide-eyed at John who just kneeled down next to his chair.
As soon as they gave into a messy deep kiss however, full of teeth, clumsy tongues and accidental lip biting on Sherlock’s side, Sherlock’s eyes flew wide open in sudden worry. He quickly turned them over, playfully rolling over the sheets until he was the one on top.
“I’ve got work to do,“ he replied at last, but such answer was for nothing but to make John pry like a monkey.
“Why, my boy, tell you what? I just received a call from your brother. He said you’re not responding and so he had to-“
“Just a moment please. Then I’ll go back to rest, I promise,“ he faked a smile until she turned around to give them some more privacy again.
, it wasn’t preposterous,“ John asserts, reaching to catch Sherlock’s arms before he's able to flee. “I think it’s incredibly sweet of you to care about my well-being like this. You thought I deserve a change and you’re damn right. You always know exactly what I need, so often before I realise it myself. Without you I’d-“John halts in the middle of sentence, averting his gaze for a second.
about you is ugly, not least your face. You can trust me when I say that who you are, both inside and out, matters more than anything. And what you are is amazing, handsome, extraordinary, damn smart. You don’t have to care about what
“For this evening, of course.“ John pecks the back of Sherlock’s hand again. “It really is a special day. A
,“ John proclaims, giving a resolute nod before he heads toward the door, much to Sherlock's shock. He nearly trips over his own feet as he hurries to follow him.
John drew his hand back after a second, but only very reluctantly, as if he was afraid that Sherlock would start gabbling once his mouth was free again. But he didn’t. He took a deep breath and apologised instead, blushing like he was a little boy who’s done something rather inappropriate and should be ready to be reprimanded.
“Dificult or not, I am not going to change my mind anyway,“ John shook his head in a resolute disagreement. “I can’t stay with Mary much longer, not after everything she’d done, definitely not so I could take care of a child she has with whatever random rascal. If I knew that you were about to do nothing despite the fact that she had bloody shot you in your chest I would have taken this matter into my own hands in the beginning. Maybe it wouldn’t have gone this far. Now it's too late. I-I, don't expect
On John: Turns to look at Sherlock. His eyes go to Sherlock's hands clasped in his lap, clenching, fingers drumming. Nervous.
“So what?“ Sherlock inhaled sharply once John freed his hand from underneath him and stroked his flushed cheek.
A beautifully ethereal face bathing in the mellow pink light, sun’s rays drowning in the vast azure ocean of his eyes. And as the breeze ever so gently blows through his dark hair, it’s like watching the most breathtaking painting come to life.
John gulps, blushing bashfully since it didn’t even occur to him at first. “I-I didn’t even know you owned a silk scarf, Sherlock, I found it this morning and-“
“Come now.” Taking two steps, John reduces the distance between them to a few inches, bearing the most affectionate smile on his lips. “Don't tell me you'd rather spend all day lying on a beach.” He pokes Sherlock's side with his elbow, alas, it doesn't seem to help mollify him.
“Come on, ask John,“ Sherlock prompted him, a sudden spark of excitement twinkling in his eyes. “I don’t mind.“
John’s eyes were dark and flaming with despise he felt toward Mary since he learned about all of her secrets she tried to hide from him.
The pool room, known from THE GREAT GAME. Dim lights, the water seems to be almost glowing in the dark. John comes to a halt, stares at the the swimming pool for a moment, as if contemplating, then looks around.
John gulps, heart thundering in his ears. He could as well moan out loud or make a similarly inappropriate sound and he wouldn’t even be aware of it. It actually takes him solid five seconds to realise that his hand is still hovering in the air and he’s gaping at Sherlock like a fish. Embarrassed to the very core of his self, he quickly leans back in his seat, trying to refocus on his breakfast but God, does he need an ice cold shower right now...
, because truth be told? I want to. I do want to forgive you, Sherlock, more than anything, but I don't think I'll ever be able to. Not in entirety,” John admitted and with that, his eyes filled with tears again.
“John… God, he wants to know the entire truth, Mycroft,“ Sherlock continued after a moment, turning whatever thoughts that had crossed his mind into words. “He wants to know what made the bastard out of me. Well, to be fair, those weren’t his exact words, but he’s learnt to see through me, crystal clear. I should’ve expected such a turn of events. John’s rather smart isn’t he?“ he smiled sadly. “I am no longer able to lie to him. I don’t
It wasn't until Sherlock heard the door slam that he finally perceived, but by the time he did, it was too late... John was already gone.
“Are you okay?” John has taken a step toward Sherlock, making sure not to sound like he is about to reproach him.
“Say no more and kiss me already,” John utters with a lecherous chuckle, knowing exactly what's going through Sherlock's head.
But Sherlock's there, present to wipe his tears away. Warm, soothing touch like a medicine for John's wounded soul.
“Probably housekeeping,” Sherlock sniggers and gently pecks John's tum. “They'll leave if we'll ignore them.”
Absolutely. Better not neglect anything... That being said, I hope you don't mind me staying the night as well. Shall you protest, I might as well chain myself to John's bed.
, when suddenly I, well, -“ John gulped, beckoning toward the music player on the desk, “I just heard
“And that’s what makes her so dangerous, Sherlock,“ John added. “Remember what you’ve said? She wants to crush your heart and won’t stop until she achieves that or until someone stops
“Wait, why do I have a feeling that she doesn’t know I am moving back in?“ John asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
,“ he blurted out, quickly handing Sherlock his tea instead of trying to come up with another ridiculous excuse. “Your favourite… I think at least, I am sorry, I’ve never made it myself, so-“
“Will you not answer it?“ Sherlock knitted his eyebrows, leaning forward to have a look at the name that had been flashing on the screen. John merely growled at the device, evidently angry he’d been interrupted in such a fashion. The universe seemed to be putting another obstacle in his way, almost like a sign, although one John refused to take seriously.
, I don’t know what exactly I am doing right now so bear with me please, brother,“ Sherlock sighed at last, bashfully biting on his lower lip as if Mycroft was standing there in person, ready to reprimand him for all the wrongs Sherlock had done. But he wasn’t there. He was never again going to be there.
?“ he manages at last, a mere broken whisper upon his lips. “Is it because you pity me? Is that why? Or is it some kind of a cruel joke?“ he cries out, pushing Sherlock’s hands away.
“Yes, one of her closest ones. She needs someone to cover her back, someone she can trust, John,“ Sherlock explained. “I’ve left her far too much time to run, she can be practically anywhere, doesn’t even have to be in London anymore. That’s why I put my snoopers in charge. They were supposed to be spying on this man, who I thought will lead me straight to her.“
, scarred, tainted, yes, but a breathtakingly beautiful face of a beautiful, brilliant man with a loyal, generous heart. The bravest, kindest man under the sun-”
“Now, seriously, Sherlock,” John nudges him again, trying to stifle his giggles and keep his voice low. “Are you sure you’ve thought this through?”
John blinks, once, twice. Perplexed and short of words. It's too early in the morning for this kind of revelation. It's hard to believe they're talking about such things
“And why on Earth would you keep such an information stored in that bloody mind palace of yours?“ John chuckled, tapping a finger over Sherlock’s forehead before he crossed his arms over his chest, which however as it turned out five seconds later wasn’t actually a good idea. Once Sherlock caught another breath he quickly grabbed John by his waist and rolled them over so John was now stuck beneath him.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, a big sigh of relief. He nods toward the nurse, heads for the door that lead to John's ward.
girlfriend,“ Sherlock reminded him. “Besides, she snatched it herself, it’s not like I had been actually home that night. Undercover, remember?“
Sherlock: He blinks at John, failing to comprehend. Brain freezing. He doesn't understand a single thing anymore.
“Well maybe you shouldn’t,“ Mary uttered, shrugging her shoulders. “Maybe you should have left me alone with a baby, John.“
“If it makes you feel any better,” Sherlock says, putting on the fakest stone-cold face he is capable of, “I admit that it's partly my fault.”
“Haven’t slept much,“ Sherlock sighed, lazily rubbing his thumb around the rim of the mug he was holding. “But you should know since you came to check on me
anymore, but neither of them seemed to mind. After all, there were thousands and thousands of more kisses about to come.
“I’ve simply lost the interest in… kissing, sex and dating,“ he shrugged in John’s arms, not even trying to argue with him. “Or at least I’ve willingly given up on these desires in order to concentrate on things that I thought were more important. Things I thought were more suited up for such a man like me. I started relaying solely on my brain, I rarely ever listened to my heart again. I thought I am not worthy, John and so I built walls around myself in order to not get-“
are you lying to me?“ John wails, raising his voice. “You’ve never cared before my life went to shit. You’re just saying all that to make me feel better, are you not? I-I do appreciate you’re trying, but it’s
“After what I’ve just learnt? Of course I’ve changed my mind,“ John replied. “I know how dangerous she is, Sherlock. If she’s really sending you threats, then we should be even more careful than before and inform your brother as soon as possible.“
Mary flashed him an evil grin full of disgusting gloat. “So you’ve accepted your fate,“ she nodded appreciatively. “But what makes you think I wouldn’t go for your heart?“
Sherlock sobbed, his entire body quivered at the mere thought. He felt so vulnerable at sudden, as if his torturer was meant to burst into the room any second to cause him more pain. Not even John’s hands stroking down his bare arms helped to soothe him down.
Sherlock's breath hitched at the sight. He couldn't just stand there and let John drown in agony all by himself. Carefully, he tried to approach him but just as he moved, John raised his hand and pushed him away. Firmly enough to make himself clear.
“This is not a competition, Sherlock,“ Mary grunted. “Besides, isn’t it too late for all this? You had your chance and you
,“ Sherlock groaned, staring at Mary with nothing on his mind but how gratefully he would see her suffering.
. She wants to destroy me the same way Moriarty wanted to. By going after my heart, my happiness. She wants to
John however has been fed up, he had enough already, his voice was hoarse and thick with anger as he confronted Sherlock.
?“ he leaned forward with a smirk, planting a sloppy kiss over Sherlock’s neck. He then proceeded to nip and suckle on his Adam’s apple, drawing deep rumbles from his throat in return.
goes, he doesn't seem to be impressed but he keeps his opinions to himself, at least until they find themselves a couple of chairs to claim. Fortunately enough, it doesn't take too long. A pair of wooden loungers hidden in the shade of palm trees seem to have been waiting
“If you’re concerned I may get high and accidentally overdose just because my brother has died then I can assure you that I have no such intentions, John. I am... fine.“
“I know that I made it seem like I don’t care about us,“ Sherlock whispered, not leaving John a chance to react. “But that was just because I care
Even though unintentionally, Sherlock’s voice dropped so low so John nearly didn’t manage to stop himself from doing exactly that.
Same shot - Sherlock climbs into the bed, snuggles close to him. John smiles softly at him then focuses back on the screen of his laptop.
, a couple, to be precise, striding right toward them. Grinning. Laughing. Logic dictates it’s ridiculous, they’re all but silhouettes in the distance so far, they can’t be laughing at John, but it’s impossible to apply logic where the fear and doubts rule. John can feel his breath quickening in anticipation of being scoffed at and mocked in public. Or even worse.
How could you know? Don't you see what he's done to my face? I am bound to forever hide from the entire world, even myself. Caged inside my own flat, like an animal...
, Sherlock,“ he added. “Can’t you see what a lie you’re telling yourself? You may pretend you believe this but I know you’re not. Sherlock, you – you’ve
John didn’t know what to expect once entering the flat. Each of his steps were slow and wary, he hadn’t prepared for this moment at all. One pathetic row with a cabbie was a mere trifle in compare to what was about to follow. It was going to be truly difficult, facing Sherlock after everything that had happened, especially since John couldn’t be sure how exactly Sherlock was going to behave. John had never before witnessed anything similar, not even the ever so infamous incident with Irene Adler had such an ill effect on Sherlock. Saying that John was worried would be an understatement. Sherlock was unpredictable, phlegmatic, his body just an empty shell. Considering what John had learnt about Sherlock’s past in these past few months, he had to be on a high alert, constantly. Each seemingly trivial shift in Sherlock’s attitude could result in a tragedy, at least that was what John was scared of the most.
“Nothing of concern,“ Sherlock replied. He just toyed with the notion for a second but then he wordlessly slouched down over the arm to claim a seat right next to John. The other man’s hand froze in the air as he was about to take another sip from his mug, he was ready to question Sherlock but upon seeing that tiny smile of sincerest adoration and fondness hanging upon Sherlock’s face, John simply lost the ability to speak. In that moment they needed no words however, their eyes substituted for the need of their tongues, they looked at each other in the way both of them was saving for no one else but one another. It was almost as if they could read each other’s mind this way. John didn’t even need to hear what Sherlock wanted to say, yet the younger man decided to utter the words out loud.
It was more than difficult to leave Baker Street in the spirits like this. Sherlock would give everything for that he and John could do this together, solve cases, simply strolling along down the London streets side by side, just as they used to before. But in this particular case he was unfortunately personally involved and that was an obstacle always too exacting to overcome. Sherlock knew better than anyone else.
sleep but you can’t sleep on the couch for the rest of your life. If I stayed in your bedroom, that means-“
“Sherlock, come on, what is it this time?“ John once again closed the gap between them. He was practically burning with sensation upon approaching Sherlock. “A serial killer? Gang of thugs? Glowing foxes?“
Remember what Jimmy said at the pool, Sherlock: I will burn the heart out of you... And both you and I know that your heart has only one reason to beat.
“Yes,“ Mycroft said, rolling his eyes at the sweet naivety of his brother. As if there was anything else John could be asking for. “His first words were simple - ‘where is Sherlock’.
“I thought you'd like to know -” he pulls out a pen and a small notebook from his pocket, quickly scribbles something inside, then takes a step toward Sherlock, holding it open for him and John to see. “
“What exactly you’re pointing at?“ John frowned, passing the last piece of broccoli into his mouth. Sherlock had barely said a word since their takeout arrived and so John could hardly even guess what was going through the detective’s mind.
His mouth falls open at the magnificent sight in front of him. To say the hotel where they're supposed to spend the following week looks impressive would be an understatement.
Sherlock glimpses at John for the briefest moment but then he lowers his eyes again, coyly biting his lip. “Like I said, it’s just a stupid idea. I’ll understand if you say no.“
life. But John. You can’t expect me to stand idly and watch you wither like this. I would do anything for you,
John chuckles in response, knowing the end to that sentence without having to hear it. He doesn't slow down, though and once Sherlock risks a look, he but wiggles his eyebrows, slides one of his hands up Sherlock's thigh, the other between his own legs and leans even further, taking the whole of Sherlock's cock in his mouth.
avoiding sex again just because of a case, John,“ Sherlock said, nuzzling John’s face. “You’re chuckling but I am serious. Yes, it's totally worth it to defer at first and then release the tension all at once but far too perfect to neglect on a regular basis. Secondly, I am sure you have noticed that it hadn't been particularly helpful anyway. Third - not related but important nonetheless - we
A beat. Sherlock lets out a small sigh, then smiles fondly, as if to signalise he’s resigning. “Fine. I’ll have what you’re having.”
Sherlock refused to speak at Mycroft’s funeral, he wasn’t even sure why he so spontaneously decided to do it in that very moment but he opened his mouth anyway, hoping the right words would eventually escape on their own. Failing at first. Quite miserably so.
“Sherlock, I am fine, okay?“ he assured him, stroking his arm. “Just a bit tired, but that’s quite a standard turn of events. I am
His eyes meet Sherlock's. They're giggling now, pulling each other into a sloppy over-the-table kiss. But it doesn't last for too long because Sherlock - overexcited he is - is already grabbing John's hand again. Hand in hand, they burst out of the restaurant.
Sherlock's next step is as cautious as the one before. He proceeds slowly, as if he’s approaching a wounded animal, frightened and vulnerable, one he might startle it if he acts too recklessly.
John could hardly complain however. Sherlock’s smile was the most beautiful smile he’s ever seen, bright, ecstatic and relaxed. Sherlock was glowing and John along with him. He couldn’t help but peck Sherlock’s lips again and again, pepper his flushed cheeks with myriad of butterfly kisses, kiss the tip of his nose, his chin, his eyelids the soft spot above his lips, he didn’t hesitate to raise on his tiptoes so he could reach Sherlock’s forehead either. He needed Sherlock to know how happy he was in that moment, happier than ever before. He could tell that Sherlock was as equally happy, albeit a little out of breath.
sex,” Sherlock admits. He clears his throat and looks away for a second, taking a pause to organise his thoughts, to make sure he doesn't muck it up. Alas, it's not easy.
. Before I met you I thought that allowing myself to love anyone openly was a mistake, a weakness, John. Not that there
Again, close on Sherlock's eyes fluttering open, except this time, he's lying in a hospital bed. Too numb to move.
At once, the ringing stops. John seems to be relieved. One more look at Sherlock, then he proceeds to eat his breakfast.
Are you trying to convince me that Rosie is... not real? That I dreamt her up, that I, that I imagined her, just like I imagined Mary's death?
“A hint?“ John rises an eyebrow, smirk hanging upon his lips. “Since when does the genius Sherlock Holmes need a hint of
John can hear Sherlock mumbling something to his phone, but he's walking a little too far in front of him to discern any words and doesn’t really feel like slowing down. The prospect of locking lips with Sherlock has messed up with his head so much he ended up humiliating himself and now can barely imagine looking into his eyes without turning red.
,“ he breathed out, “I should have said something the first time I stood here, but… I just couldn’t,“ he shrugged apologetically. “Not in front of all those people. Not in front of
On John. A sharp intake of breath. To his horror, he begins to comprehend. Sherlock isn't simply disoriented, he's delirious.
win until she has you dead and that is never going to happen, Sherlock,“ John objected, taking a few steps closer to him. “Think rationally. If she wants to kill you, you should stop making it any easier for her.
“Oh my G-” John's voice cracks, drown out by the roaring water. The shower begins to fill with hot steam and John could swear that the temperature has just risen by a few degrees but he can hardly concentrate on anything but Sherlock's cock rubbing against his arse. Leaning forward, he puts his hands on the glass panel in front of him but just as he does, Sherlock suddenly slows down and all but growls into his ear.
“And if they don't?” he raises an eyebrow. And as it happens, the banging on the door only gets louder.
John inhales, taking long, deep breaths, as if buying some time. “Please, don’t try to talk me out of it now,“ he implores. “If I now chicken out… I am afraid I’ll never again muster up enough courage. It’s not much but as long as you’ll by my side I’ll make it. I know I will.“
“Sherlock you’ve been staring at me like this for the past five minutes, is there something you want to say?“ John asks, his voice oddly soft, nearly velvet.
“I – This is not easy to admit, Mycroft, you can imagine but, please know that you were the best brother I could've wished for. I can but apologise for never admitting it aloud sooner. I hope, I do, that
and then act like it was just meaningless gibberish. Or maybe he can... he's doing that right now after all and hell, John has to admit that it would probably be for the best if they didn't have that sort of a conversation in the middle of a bloody swimming pool. They're going to have plenty of time once they return to their hotel room...
“I could get used to this,” John admits as he walks through, Sherlock right at his heels. “But you still didn’t answer my question.”
“You're staring,” John titters, dumping his shirt and towel on one of the chairs. He can't deny that Sherlock's reaction is flattering if a bit perplexing.
to spend the rest of my life with a woman who – who had put me through the terror of losing you again.“
, but he didn’t need to be told twice. He had been yearning to do these things to him for too long and now Sherlock was finally there, willingly offering his marvellous body on a silver plate. John couldn’t think of a moment in his life when he would be more aroused. Sherlock was like a drug John craved for but couldn’t get until now. He was
“More than okay, Sherlock,“ John assured him. “I am glad I came out,“ he smiled contentedly. “I am not going to pretend… it was one of the toughest decisions I’ve ever made and yes, I expected a tad different reaction, but it was all worth it, Sherlock, I was tired of concealing. Don’t you dare to think that you’ve ruined the moment, not for a second. I’ve been thinking about this for the whole night and I understand that you needed time to process this information. Look at
“You seemed to not care about her anymore,“ Sherlock protested. “You even advised me to give up on her, remember? I thought you wouldn’t care about this little detail either.“
“That can’t be-“ John gasped, slouching down on Sherlock’s lap in shock. “Are you trying to tell me that-“
“I don’t know, that’s the problem,“ Sherlock lamented. “I am clueless, John. I’ve never been in this position before. I think- I guess we’ve reached a certain point in our relationship… I mean, I can’t be sure, I just feel like I am no longer able to hide how I
?” Sitting down on the edge of the pool, John dips his feet in the water and in spite of what he's just said, he
Sherlock, for once, had no idea what filthy thoughts were crossing John’s mind, but he had to admit to himself that it was immensely arousing. Especially since they didn’t even make out properly for days and John was now pushing him toward the bathroom, pulling off their clothes and shoes, unbuttoning his shirt, his lips and teeth and tongue tasting on Sherlock’s sensitive neck.
so you stayed with Mary. I thought you loved her, remember? I was just making sure you wouldn’t do something stupid out of spite, something you would later regret. At least I
“I’ve never said you are a coward, I am saying you are an idiot,“ Mycroft enounced. “She clearly has a plan we are not aware of, I am telling you, it’s a trap and your life’s at stake unless you stop acting like a stubborn prat.“
As soon as they descend the stairs, Sherlock grabs John’s coat first before slipping into his own, holding it open for John to put on. John flashes him another mildly amused smile, but this time he doesn’t reprove him.
. In fact, he should do that regardless, he thinks, but it seems that Sherlock’s attention has already been diverted.
Sherlock didn’t say another word. He squeezed on the back of John’s shirt so tight that he could rip it apart, but neither of them cared. Sherlock simply needed to
are arousing me,“ he growls, right into Sherlock’s ear, rough, breathy whisper that Sherlock can hear ringing even long afterwards. He instinctively leans for a kiss but instead of John’s tongue there’s another piece of mellow fruit slipping between his lips. This time Sherlock sucks and nibbles, making such indecent noises that John simply can’t refrain from touching him any longer.
It was all too simple, the easiest option was to simply get high and forget about the world around him, but Sherlock had no heart doing something such unfair to John, not after he saved his life and his own was imperilled. He was staring absently at the cigarette squeezed in his hand, disgusted, swallowing down the taste of gall in his mouth. His hands were still smeared with dark drained blood, John’s blood, Sherlock felt its foul taste on the tip of his tongue. If he didn’t avert his eyes away he would probably throw up on the carpet.
Sherlock. That... That couldn't have happened because there... is no child. Never have been. Mary has lied. Whatever you think you saw, was just a product of your dreams.
. Sherlock doesn't feel like laughing anymore. “Can't help, sorry,” he retorts, throwing daggers at the man in front of him. “First of all, it's
Sherlock’s question had been left unanswered, John could hardly even begin to ponder about it at first. He stared at Sherlock, bewildered for a moment, trying to process what he’d just learnt. The same man who had claimed that caring had been a weakness, cared, in fact, the most. He cared the most about
On John, standing in the doorway, wavering, his face sorrowful. Carefully, he closes the door behind him, just stands there, watching Sherlock.
“Has he been pestering you?” he asks, addressing the words to Sherlock, but his gaze is fixated on Marco.
“Sherlock, come on,“ John raised from the chair, approaching Sherlock but keeping the reasonable distance since Mycroft was still present. “You know very well that I don’t want her to be free as much as you don’t but… don’t you think it’s time to retreat? I know that trying to reason with you is pretty much useless but for a thousandth time –
“Mhm,” With a smug little smirk, Sherlock wraps his lips around the head, but to John's surprise, he takes it fast and roughly from the start and within several seconds makes John see stars. As much as John would love to keep his eyes on the show, his body betrays him and he crashes down, his back arching and hips rocking frantically to no rhythm. Either Sherlock fooled
“You don’t need to explain anything if you don’t want to, I just… look, Sherlock, I-I didn’t want to bother you, I wasn’t even sure what you were doing but… I’ve been thinking as well,
A beat. Sherlock thinks for a long moment. Making a deduction, it appears so. At once, he sighs, his voice slightly drops, but he tries not to get too emotional.
“I didn't marry her,” John responded all of a sudden and to say that Sherlock's heart started to hammer frantically would be an understatement. He blinked and blinked, his mouth hanging open and no matter how brilliant he was, he suddenly found himself completely useless.
all the time,“ Sherlock titters, but upon hearing no response he can’t help but burst into giggles. “I can imagine your face so vividly now, John, stop worrying about me, please. It’s really
Not having a choice was a problem Sherlock had to encounter quite often lately. But it didn’t matter in this case, he has always been rather inquisitive and Mary was presenting him with an opportunity he would never pass by under usual circumstances. He was more than just a little curious, he
There was something dark and mischievous in Sherlock’s eyes, something that would startle John if he didn’t know the man better. He cradled Sherlock’s face, gently brushing his cheeks, before planting a kiss over his forehead.
,“ he uttered, emphasising each word, his voice as gloomy as if there was nothing but darkness and venom behind that simple phrase. “Ring any bells?“
“Have you gone mad?“ Mycroft exclaimed. “We’re pretty close from clipping her wings, if you’re going to ruin-“
me, she would not say all that horrid stuff, that makes no sense. If she has changed she would show some respect, but no, she's just trying to make me feel
“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting for you to say that,“ John chuckled, shamelessly naughtily, sending chills down Sherlock’s spine and right to his groin. He had been fantasising about it since the moment they’d arrived but had no chance to tell Sherlock just yet. “As a matter of fact, I do have an idea or two how to effectively spend our last night here in this place.“
“I am aware,“ Sherlock replied. Mycroft smiled at him once again, but this time it was a warm, honest smile, full of encouragement. Then he simply turned on his heels and left so Sherlock could finally enter the room.
Three seconds later, John’s hands were grasping Sherlock’s thighs again as he pounded into him faster, building up the pace. John didn’t lean into a kiss this time, he kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock who seemed to be getting entirely lost in bliss.
“Well, it was my…. duty.“ His answer was rather cold and distant, as if he was just a stranger who happened to save John’s life by a mere accident.
“Stop wasting our time, Sherlock,“ Mary rolled her eyes, backing a few steps away from him, “I’ve not called upon you in order to listen to your pointless babbling.“
“God, you don’t have to.“ John cradled Sherlock’s face, tenderly pressing his forehead against Sherlock’s.
,“ Sherlock smiles timidly. “Better, smarter, exceptional, nothing like any other person I’ve ever met. Trust me when I say,
“Do keep it here,“ John smiles, first at Angelo but as soon as the man leaves, he turns back to Sherlock.
“Well, the bed up there is pretty small, all loose and cranky,“ John brought out, beckoning upwards. “Yours on the other hand is silk sheets and cotton covers and I can actually turn around without the entire bed creaking under me.“
“Sherlock, you okay? God, I am sorry, I have no idea what’s gotten into me. It was a mistake, please-“
for me,“ he said. “I – I guess, it shouldn’t have even started, it was a mistake, I dare to say, the biggest mistake of my life. I reckon I’ve realised that way too late, Sherlock. Christ, I may have never been more clueless in my life, but at least I know, I am
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed pink, his eyes flying wide open as he stuttered through his response. “H-how do you know- you-you were unconscious.“
Dr. Watson... I know you're worried, but there's only so much you can do right now. Your friend's tired, he needs to rest.
but he absolutely cannot stop himself from smiling like a loon at Sherlock. For the time being, he doesn’t care to hide, at least not while he is
Now close on his hands, revealing no wedding ring. He's fiddling with his fingers, trying to keep himself occupied.
His voice has turned somewhat serious but John tries not to let it concern him. He props himself up on his elbow and gives an encouraging nod, for Sherlock actually seems to need some encouragement right now.
Noticing Sherlock's glum, crestfallen face, however, his smile quickly fades. Something seems to be bothering Sherlock.
“No, no, I don’t, you don’t have to- God, John-“ Sherlock this time simply had to take a step back. He didn’t even dare to look John in the eyes once there was a room between them again.
It's my lodger, Ms. Ronder. I am convinced she's possessed. She's started acting very... odd, recently.
“Really? Then what about this?“ John tapped a finger over his lips, a hint of a shy smirk crossing his face.
“Well, it’s my fault that you’re now here,“ Sherlock beckoned toward the bed. “It’s my fault that you’ve been… that you’ve been shot and-“ Sherlock could barely contain himself but no, he refused to burst into tears in front of John. It happened once, what felt like eons ago, but this time Sherlock wouldn’t be able to stop and that was something that he wanted to prevent from happening at all cost.
“I am amazed that you’ve been counting,“ Sherlock snorted, placing his head over John’s shoulder, nuzzling against the fabric of his shirt like he was a cat.
Sherlock wasn't prepared for such a sight, however. John was standing there behind the glass, utterly terrified, looking down at Sherlock so hurt as if he was losing a piece of his own heart. For a moment Sherlock stood bewildered in the middle of the street, ignoring the droplets of water that seeped uncomfortably through his clothes. Even through the thick wall of rain he could see John’s pained face quiet clearly, so clearly he nearly took a step back and returned to the flat so he could take everything back and explain, never mind the consequences. Talk to John. Anything to be in his presence.
“What’s the matter with you then? You’ve never been without a case for such a long time,“ John points out, taking another sip.
John has never really gone weak at the knees before, but once Sherlock's thumb reaches to brush the corner of his lips, his whole body turns entirely numb.
“John, please,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, quite reluctantly tilting his head up so he could look John in the face. “Weren’t you listening? Didn’t I tell you that this whole circus is ridic-
“Does this mean... good night?” Sherlock sounds almost disappointed. Or maybe his voice is just so hoarse due to exhaustion. He wouldn’t admit that though.
, Mr. Holmes. And I need your help to prove it.” He breaks the eye contact for a split of a moment then leans forward, lowering his voice as he speaks. “I don't know what
John’s face melted into the softest expression, tears glimmering in the corners or his eyes. Sherlock had been that open for the first time ever since the wedding, maybe even more, considering it was just the two of them in the room. “So,“ John cleared his throat, looking for the answers in Sherlock’s teary eyes, “what you’re saying is that-“
Suddenly, a woman emerges from the shadows, then stops. We still see but a silhouette of her. Her voice echoes.
for causing him so much pain. This wasn't the plan. Sherlock didn't expect that his death, albeit temporary, would leave John in such a dark, horrendous place.
We've done several additional tests and your results, Mr. Holmes, are better than good. In short, you're just a few necessary formalities away from going home.
John practically tackles Sherlock down on the mattress, locking their lips in a sloppy, nasty kiss, sliding his damp palm down Sherlock’s neck and chest, rubbing and pinching his nipple ever so lightly, his other hand rushing through that mess of dark curls.
But John didn’t promise him anything. There was still a sparkle in his eyes, a little glimmer of hope, but since Sherlock didn’t offer him any explanation, it soon died down like a flame blown off the candle. He just shook his head in a quiet disbelief and returned back to his seat, disappointed and maybe, from Sherlock’s point of view at least, even hurt.
. I know this is the sort of sentimental cliché neither of us is very fond but I want your beautiful face to be the first thing I see tomorrow morning and I want to remember that moment till the rest of my life.“
“Err, Sherlock? What do you think of coincidences?” John asks, reducing his voice to a breathless whisper.
“No,“ John shook his head resolutely. “Whatever it is it has to wait. You and your health are much more important at the moment. Jesus, you should have gotten rid of those wet clothes in the first place. Come on now, can you get up on your own?“ John stretched out his hand but Sherlock was already up on his feet, pouting.
, Sherlock,“ John laughs, letting go off Sherlock, but remains lying close next to him, one of his legs draped over Sherlock’s, his groin pressing firmly against Sherlock’s thigh.
It wasn’t the entire truth but enough to begin with. John had omitted the most important part of his confession, he didn’t say anything about love nor how from the first moment he laid his eyes on Sherlock he wished for nothing else but to kiss those firm enticing lips. But Sherlock wouldn’t want to hear any of that, at least that’s what John thought.
A single ring thwarts John from finishing his sentence. They both flinch at the sound of John's phone buzzing somewhere off screen. The atmosphere has been irrevocably disrupted.
Sherlock never wanted to be able to see more than at this very moment, now being absolutely sure that the true purpose of this little game they’re playing is turning one of the partners into a pleading, moaning puddle. It’s working, he thinks to himself, especially the moment when John sneaks the ice cube underneath his pants, following down his happy trail but then pulls back and doesn’t repeat that again, much to Sherlock’s disappointment.
. Obsessed with John and not in a nice way. I wish you would just shoot me already,“ Sherlock sighed out in hope that she will do the right opposite of what he was requesting. He had no plan, no serious way of how to prevent Mary from pulling the trigger.
“Too soon, I know,“ Sherlock blurts out, attempting to save the situation he thinks he ruined in quite a spectacular fashion. “It’s okay if you don’t feel like making such a huge decision just yet, I am not forcing you to, at all,“ he quickly assures John, feeling rather guilty, thinking he has made the wrong impression.
At this they both chuckle. John cups Sherlock's face, Sherlock puts his hands on John's waist, kisses him again.
Sherlock squints at John, taking almost too long to realise that he's joking. “You're taking the piss, are you not?”
“Shhh, it’s okay, now hush,“ John whispered, taking Sherlock into his arms. “I’d suggest not mentioning Mary’s name in this room ever again, okay? Especially not while we’re in bed.“
, Sherlock. My hands work perfectly.“ Once John had prepared all he needed to clean Sherlock’s skin, he poured a few drops of solution onto the cotton ball and then carefully applied it to the cut on Sherlock’s cheek to sterilize it.
“My God, Sherlock-“ John blushed, averting his eyes, but Sherlock caught him off guard, pecking his cheek ever so lightly.
John's face turns rather serious, his smile slightly drops. He so want to answer. Can't. Doesn't. Averts his eyes.
dangerous. John, I needed to destroy Moriarty’s network, his impact had reached a colossal dimension. I had been travelling all over the Europe and Eastern Asia, tearing his web apart and I’ve been quite successful until… until they caught me in Serbia. That is where they beat me up and cut me and burnt me-“
“I am fairly convinced I had a tea yesterday evening,“ Sherlock retorted. “Do I need to remind you for how long is an average human body able to last without any need of water or food?“
“I – I… I don’t get it,“ Sherlock shook his head, glancing at John for only a split of second befre quickly averting his eyes again. “I thought that you
John feels the redness building up on his cheeks. “N-no. Because you wouldn’t eat otherwise and I don’t want you to pass out.”
John. I've spent about 37 hours writing my wedding vow, only to realise that reciting a 59 pages long essay might not be the brightest idea, so... um... let me say... The most important thing.
Were this a real relationship, John would most likely lean in for a sweet little kiss to seal the deal. Make that
,“ Sherlock shuts his eyes tight, wishing to burrow himself into the ground or better yet, disappear from the Earth itself. Little does he know, John actually finds this kind of clumsiness oddly adorable.
only because of the case and now that we're done, there's technically no need to anymore, but... to be entirely fair, it would be odd if we all of a sudden quit. We've been presenting ourselves as doting partners ever since we arrived and if we're to stay, we should stick to our roles unless we want to draw unnecessary attention to ourselves. Plus... we can't let Mycroft win the bet, can we?”
We are gathered here today to celebrate the love of two remarkable human beings. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
forgive her anything so heinous. I didn’t leave her in an instant only because I trusted your judgement, despite the fact you had continued defending her and helping her, I still did. I thought you had a secret plan so Mary would pay for what she’d done, you always have one,
His phone beeped again, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to look at the screen for another couple of minutes. Once he peered back, there were already two unanswered messages.
Sherlock shows up in the doorway again, putting a t-shirt over his head, then leans against the wall, gazing down at John like he’s just discovered the most precious gem in the galaxy. He’s got that fond, dreamy smile on his lips and John cannot be absolutely certain that he is paying attention to him but, in a way, it’s somewhat adorable.
The room had been filled with vivid light but Sherlock shut his eyes tightly and clasped hands over his ears, rocking back and forth on the bed in tears that streamed down his face. But he still could see the images in his head, didn’t matter how hard he tried to close his eyes. Someone picked a glowing iron rod to burn down a mark onto his back; people’s faces were blurred but he could tell that what they were holding in hands were rusted hooks, scissors and knives, prepared to sink and crawl down into his flesh as if he was just a worthless piece of meat.
,“ he started carefully, taking a deep breath to compose himself. He wasn’t used to speak so bluntly in front of Sherlock. It took a great amount of effort and courage to be able to open up like that. “I-I don’t want to stay with you just because your brother asked me to. I want to stay because, for a thousandth time, I worry about you. I
John’s first steps are slow and wary, he almost feels foolish, taking such a long time to step over the threshold. Finding himself on the pavement, he looks left and right, as if scrutinising the ever so familiar streets, trying to ignore the cold wind that blows through his hair and sends chills down his spine. The weather is rather brisk and skies gloomy but to John’s relief, the streets are nowhere near as crowded as he feared. A good start.
There's a phone ring, startling him awake. He takes a moment to perceive then begins to look for his phone. Finally, pulls it out of his trousers pocket.
Panning to John and Sherlock, sprawled on the sofa. They're both fast asleep now. Sherlock half-lying on John's shoulder, his arm draped over John's torso. John has his arm wrapped around Sherlock.
free,” John smirks, then resumes walking towards the reception desk. Sherlock has to gather every single bit of control he possesses so he doesn’t burst into giggles right in the middle of the lobby.
A few moments later, we hear a single beep - John's phone on the nightstand - startles him awake. Takes him a couple of seconds to wake up properly. He grabs the phone, squints at the screen, trying to read the message he's just received, evidently from Sherlock.
“The prospect of coming back to you and seeing you again. Believe me or not, those two years were as much of a torture for me as they were for you.”
Although Sherlock wasn’t even sure if John was being serious, teasing him, or simply poking fun at him, his reply came immediately, before John was even able to recoil.
“Sherlock, what even is your problem?“ John asked, glancing down at him. “That guy will never set a foot upstairs, he’s going to stay down there so to protect us from anyone who would dare to enter the flat perforce. Don’t you feel safer knowing that Mary is not going to get to us so easily?“
“But I don’t want to leave him,“ Sherlock sobbed but managed to hide it behind rather a strained growl.
Clocks were ticking too fast and there was only one thing that could have been done in order to save his life. Something Sherlock wished for never having to do, but here he was, having no other choice.
He wished for that Sherlock would rather give up on whatever he was doing and get some sleep instead, preferably in his own bed, but in the same time John knew that that man was never going to listen to him. Not in that case at least. Sherlock was prepared to cross the entire continent if it meant that he was going to get to Mary, he definitely wouldn’t even consider giving up on her.
Sherlock opened his mouth but all he could let out were a few unintelligible sounds. John waited and waited but Sherlock seemed to have actually malfunctioned for a moment there.
thought the same, I’ve always cared since the moment we met,“ he admits, tearing up underneath the crushing weight of emotions, but John merely shakes his head at those words.
He's vaguely aware that Sherlock has just climbed onto the bed and flopped on top of him and is kissing his neck but it's not until a solid minute later that he actually comes back to himself.
“Sh-sherlock-“ John’s voice shivered as he leaned even closer to Sherlock, one of his hands covering both of Sherlock’s trembling hands, the other one he gently passed underneath Sherlock’s chin so he could tilt up his head and look into his glassy, yet still heavenly beautiful eyes.
“You better explain yourself and do it quickly because wherever I go, you're at my heels and I have grown quite sick of it. And don't say it's not true.”
“Did it?” John retorts, the taste of guilt bitter and unpleasant. He lets go of Sherlock and walks back a few steps, dragging his hand down his face.
Sherlock considers doing so for a moment but in the end, decides to keep his eyes closed and covered, concluding it’s worth at least a try. Even though this one time he will be deprived of seeing the marvellous picture in front of him.
Silence. On Mycroft again: A sharp intake of breath. His eyes flick from Mrs. Hudson to John, then back to Mrs. Hudson. At last, he collects himself, straightens his suit, gives a nod.
tight trousers that would fit him so well. Sometimes he wore nothing but trousers, once even jeans and nothing else. He was promenading around the flat shirtless, nonchalantly showing off his muscular torso and arms but John had never figured out what could’ve been the purpose other than drive him mad. Never again they mentioned the scars on Sherlock’s back. John felt guilty for that he even asked all those weeks ago, because he was sure that that was the reason why Sherlock had a nightmare that night.
. John has to admit to himself, he was so focused on spending as much time with Sherlock as possible, he didn’t even begin to think about the conditions of what he had suggested. Which in itself he considers a good sign.
“Sherlock, slow down a little, please,“ John breathed, quite reluctantly pulling back from nibbling his neck. He glancedback at Sherlock so he could lock their lips and pacify him, but found himself just staring stupidly at Sherlock’s flushing face and his pupils so dilated so there was no blue nor turquoise in his eyes but plain, raw desire. The mere notion that Sherlock was craving for him so much was enough to change John’s mind in an instant.
Sherlock had to gather all the control he still possessed in order to not simply push Mrs Hudson out of path. He knew she didn’t deserve such an odious attitude but he could also predict that speaking up and therefore opening these still too fresh wounds would push him over the edge again. And breaking into the tears in front of yet another person was certainly not something he desired to make a habit of.
Not in front of anyone else would Sherlock ever admit what he was about to. But he needed a straw to grasp on and had no other choice. He swallowed a few times, as if it were the words he tried to not let out, but then he glared at Mary’s dark, devilish face again and suddenly, those very words were falling out of his mouth even against his will.
“Well, having only a tub back at home... we can’t really try that every day. So what do you say, hm?“
But oh, if you think I'll let you have him, you're terribly mistaken. I will crush and tear your happiness apart, right in front of your very eyes. Have you figured it out yet? Alive or dead, you can't have your John back...
A soft, cheerful whisper resonates in John's ear and gently wakes him up. The first thing he gets to see once he opens his eyes is Sherlock's beaming face and a smile so bright it could light up the darkness. It takes his breath away.
John was dangerously close to hyperventilating upon hearing the words Sherlock just said. He still had doubts, back in the hospital, even the day before, he was absolutely convinced that them being more than mere friends was out of the realm of possibilities. But it was the time to accept the truth and fight the unreasonable fear of rejection. John had finally realised, in a blissful relief, that Sherlock was not being so reserved because he didn’t want him, but just because he was so afraid of dismissal, just like John. Sherlock simply needed a time, a lot of time, to think through and carefully plan each next move in order to not break what took so long to be built.
words, John,“ he reminds him. “It’s the most important lesson you’ve ever taught me. Nobody is meant to be alone, not least you, not least now. I
flirting with him after all, Sherlock concluded. The mere thought in Sherlock’s head sounded like a joke however. Sherlock had seen John flirting with women before, but he could never, not in a million years, hope for that John would ever try anything similar on him.
“We've spent half the day following Harrington around and what for? Such an... insufferably ordinary man. No skills, no brains,
Sherlock risked opening his eyes again, what other choice he had, painful as it was. He put his hands on the both sides of his temples, rubbing small circles to sooth the ache. Once it faded away at least a little, he could finally turn to his left and see John, fatigued, smiling a little worryingly at him, but still looking better than Sherlock expected.
The little girl reaches for something in her skirt pocket. Pulls out a folded paper - unfolds it, shows to Sherlock-
John doesn’t need to be told twice. He brushes the curls off Sherlock’s forehead, ever so carefully proceeding to wrap the silk cloth around his head, remembering to assure Sherlock that they will stop whenever he wishes.
“Sherlock, we can’t come back empty-handed, what are we going to tell his nephew, hm?” John tries again, and this time Sherlock does reply, but doesn’t seem to be fazed in the slightest.
The answer was simple. “I love him,“ Mary replied, but not in a way that would suggest it is a clear, true love she feels.
“N-no. I...,” Sherlock cleared his throat and clasped his hands in front. Never before he had felt as lost and clueless as during that conversation and it showed. “To be perfectly honest, I don't know what I expected. I guess I was naively hoping that I'd come back, I'd find you here and we'd, perhaps, maybe... I don't know, could-”
“You wouldn’t understand, John,“ Sherlock snapped, “I can’t expect you to. I’ve spent years living this life,
As soon as Sherlock impatiently whimpered to prompt him, he perceived, leaving an open-mouthed kiss over his throat. Once the sensitive skin vibrated beneath his lips John could only hardly prevent a moan from escaping his throat.
They didn’t talk about Mary either. Sherlock mentioned her on several occasions but in no other relations than how to hunt her down. He was getting closer to her, but she was still a step ahead of him, each time he thought he was about to catch her she simply slipped through his fingers like a gust. John didn’t seem to care however, he would be actually glad if Sherlock finally gave up on her and engaged himself in a proper case, he didn’t have a one in months.
. Rest assured you have no reason to feel bad for me. If there’s anyone who’d deserve a break from all these walls, it’s
Unbeknown to Sherlock, John has also made a deduction of his own. Noticing how much Sherlock loves to be teased and, above all,
“Make a complete mess out of me? Most certainly,“ Sherlock guffawed, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders. “Look at me, I am a flushing, laughing, crying, soppy, hair-ruffled and lips-swollen mess.“
In the background, we see Sherlock running down the stairs, putting his jacket on. As he goes through the door, John and Lestrade's eyes go to him. A beat on John - looking Sherlock up and down. Can't help it. Lestrade is oblivious to this, still, looks flabbergasted. He narrows his eyes at Sherlock.
“Yup,” Sherlock nods, popping the p at the end, then returns to his phone as if they didn’t just have one of the most awkward conversations ever.
“I told you, you should give up on her,“ he muttered, his eyes pinned down upon his own shuffling feet.
“Were you any lucky?“ he asked, his voice so soft and warm that Sherlock felt he could melt if he was listening to it for too long.
“What else you’ve heard?“ Sherlock asked and John knew exactly why, he’s been hiding behind the corner for long enough to hear every word, but he barely glanced at the other man, not least giving him a direct reply.
Sherlock cocks his head, as if to ask 'really?' but a second later he's shaking his head as if to get rid of such thoughts.
“Still. You must have realised by now, this is hardly a simple matter of two people separating for good, John. Mycroft... Mycroft can't help us anymore, no one will, we are almost powerless. I promise I'll try to get you out of this if you truly want but for now I suggest to wait, for your own safety. You currently have no better option, since leaving her so spontaneously could result in a disaster. If you truly won't change your mind even once your…
A belated revenge. For what I found in her phone. Compromising material, to put it mildly. Seems she's finally realised who'd informed the police about her illegal activities.
it, John. I felt it once you kissed me,“ Sherlock smiled shyly, tracing a finger over his own lips. “It was…  God, I can’t even describe it, John. I’ve never experienced anything similar before, I am out of words to be honest.“
Sherlock didn’t even realise when he did close his eyes or when exactly did he stop caring about the sounds that were leaving his mouth. All he was aware of was that John’s mouth was doing such things he couldn’t have even imagined before. Within a glimpse of a second he forgot about both Mary and the suspicious messages he had received. The only thing that mattered in the moment was him and John and John’s strong hands keeping him boxed against the surface, his teeth grazing on his skin.
Sherlock in the meantime seemed to wise up to the fact that John was trying to be affectionate with him. His face turned red in an instant, John once again managed to abash him that day. But even though Sherlock still wasn’t quite ready to take those final steps, he decided to not spoil anything this time. He maybe didn’t feel like engaging himself in serious conversations just yet but he also didn’t want to make an impression that he had never thought about him and John being more than just mere friends. Sherlock had done this mistake before and regretted it ever since then, he was sure that back-pedalling wasn’t what he should done this time.
“Oi, but what about our weekly bubble baths?“ John giggled again, ever so lovingly pecking the corner of Sherlock’s lips. “I am pretty sure you would miss them as much as me.“
“Are you accusing me of a betrayal, Sherlock?“ Mycroft squinted, chest puffed up, chin raised and a conspicuous tone of disbelief in his voice. Sherlock shrank terribly small in front of the rage of his brother but there was nothing that could persuade him into backing off, not even a little.
John stirs. His eyes are still closed, but there is a grin on his face. He turns his face towards Sherlock, searches for his lips with his. Kisses him, then opens his eyes.
Four minutes later there were however two mugs on the counter, flushed with piping hot tea. Sherlock has never stopped making two cups, not even after John left. He’s been doing that unintentionally, realising this tiny mistake only after the tea cooled down and already tasted like gross after being left untouched for the entire day.
furious but I thought it would pass quickly. I would have never guessed you’d ever consider leaving your pregnant wife forever, throwing
would be the one announcing your pregnancy that very day you married John. Of course he didn’t notice, you didn’t have to pretend while you two were alone, not before it was all out. I actually envy you, in those rare moments when I am not despising you, it must’ve been really difficult, especially these past few months. I guess it weren’t pillows you stuck under your dress.“
“You don’t understand, John,“ Sherlock sighed exasperatedly. “I think someone is sending me those on purpose but definitely
boring me, if that’s what you’re implying, John,“ Sherlock huffs, leaning back in his seat. “As a matter of fact, I like taking care of you.“
However alluring the temptation to lock their lips was, John didn’t want to push Sherlock, nor he wanted to do anything until he was sure that Sherlock was confident and sure enough to continue. He seemed to be still a little shy, trying to muster up enough courage, from what John could observe.
Just the idea of John living at Baker Street again left Sherlock speechless. John belonged there, without him it was just a plain, boring place Sherlock loathed because everything was a constant reminder of the man he loved.  But he rather showcased no happiness but paradoxically something weirdly close to impassivity. Almost as if he couldn’t believe that John was moving back for real. He wouldn’t believe it until all of John’s belongings were moved back to Baker Street.
“Yes, of course. I’ve just... never been kissed before,“ Sherlock shrugged but the smile on his lips didn’t disappear.
“How would you know what I am thinking of?“ Sherlock squinted. What started as an innocent game suddenly turned into a far more serious debate.
“It wasn’t the first time,“ Mycroft remarked, then paused to step closer and lay a hand over Sherlock’s shoulder. “And I am fairly convinced… not the last either. John is going to pull through, just wait. Believe. He’s strong and brave, your doctor is going to be safe and sound in no matter of time.“
At that, Sherlock’s face lightens up like thousands of Suns but, not unlike him, he doesn’t walk around the bed to reach the other side. He climbs right over John. then leans against the headboard to mirror his position. Once he’s nestled, he turns to look at John who still hasn’t completely recovered after momentarily ending up underneath him.
- as John's legs collide with the bed behind him, he flops down on the mattress, with Sherlock in his lap. Still kissing, hands everywhere around each other.
With a wistful little sigh, John turns his back to the sleeping man, but just as he does, Sherlock winces, kicks away the duvet he was covered with and sleepily murmurs something incoherent into the pillow. John takes a step back, as he could swear that he's just heard Sherlock say
time you barely survived and you’re damn lucky none of your ribs are fractured. If the bullet hit you just an inch-“
Cause Sherlock has never been a pedant man, he never bothered cleaning up unless it was because John asked him to do so perhaps. It’s been always just useless, tedious burdensomeness. Sherlock preferred the idea of organised chaos, that man has never actually minded being surrounded with nasty mess and clutter of the most random origin.
of my bed, John, you can stay in my room for as long as you want. In fact, I wouldn’t mind if you moved in there permanently.“
“Whatever. Still quite a disturbing place, if I do say so myself,“ Sherlock uttered, pulling out a fake smile. He had to hide the fact that he was more than just a little nervous and being his usual cheeky self was apparently the only way how to achieve that.
“The most beautiful person I’ve ever laid my eyes upon,“ John nodded, still smiling, his eyes gliding all over Sherlock’s face. “Your eyes, magical, mesmerising, your damn
John couldn’t even begin to processing what just happened. Either Sherlock really suggested that John should stay in his bedroom until he’s feeling better or John in fact never woke up after the shooting and everything that had happened since the moment Sherlock entered his hospital room was just a part of one bizarre coma dream. Sherlock acted differently, he was kinder than usual, amiable, doing things he’s been never doing before, saying stuff that was so unlike like him that John even doubted it was still the same anti-social, arrogant man from before.
to follow,” the client says, leaning back in the chair. “I know at which hotel he's staying. Seven days, that's all I ask. Keep an eye on him. Whatever his intentions are, I
John didn’t even offer a reply, he simply forced a smile. Once he glanced up at Sherlock however, that artificial expression was gone. John nearly choked on the air he was about to inhale. Sherlock was too close, so close they both could see the ever present love and fear in each other’s eyes, so close that if they were ready to breach those walls between them their lips would be already brushing. It lasted for only a mere second however. Having quite trouble breathing, Sherlock had to take a swift step back in order to not do anything inappropriate right there and then, leaving John stand frustrated in the middle of the room.
Biscuits. Well, there aren't any, but I'll go and get some if you want. Can I leave you here for five minutes? I'll be right back.
Sherlock remains quiet. The silence is heavy, almost awkward. John rubs the back of his neck, looks around the room, finally, an idea crosses his mind.
significantly incorrect. Instead of making you happy I put your life in imminent danger, leaving you with a... lunatic you didn’t want to be with at all, which I sincerely apologise for.“
“You-you remember the date?“ John all but melts into a puddle but a sudden epiphany somewhat spoils the moment. “Christ, of course you
On John - his face immediately drops. He leans back in his chair. Again, his eyes go to Sherlock's armchair. Sad, vacant.
“We'd be lucky if we had the pool for ourselves,” he mutters, throwing a disapproving scowl at everyone within fifty metres. “This place is like a
Sherlock opened his mouth but no noise other than another whimper left his throat. John was now pressing against him again, bringing their groins close and so creating such a friction that Sherlock nearly lost all the control he had been possessing.
It's almost like John freezes for a second before he slowly draws back, letting out a small sigh. “No. No I didn’t. I… I simply thought there’s no use pretending any longer,“ he musters up a smile.
“I love you too, I love you so much,“ John coos, planting a small kiss over Sherlock’s inner thigh before quickly crawling over him to lock their lips in a serene kiss.
It wasn’t until Sherlock opened his eyes again that he realised what kind of a bottle it in fact was. His brow furrowed a little in surprise, almost as if he couldn’t believe that he hadn’t notice it much sooner.
“What you had done was reckless, irrational, kind of stupid, and yeah, you shouldn’t have kept the truth hidden away from me, you should’ve trusted me,“ John continued. “It was one of your most ludicrous acts and fine, yes, I am angry with you a little, I admit.“
“Christ, no,” John interjects, reaching to caress Sherlock's cheek with the back of his hand. “No, I don't want to stop.”
John as close as possible, to make sure that he was not just one another hallucination or a part of his twisted dream.
“Sherlock… Christ, you’re doing nothing wrong,“ John gasped, his fingers aching to stroke up Sherlock’s cheek again but he decided to withdraw instead.
He didn’t even risk a glance at his wretched face in the mirror, all he was focusing on was quickly scrubbing the stains off his skin. Looking down at the crimson coloured water however triggered those flashbacks again, once again he saw John in front of his eyes as if he was there in the present, pushing Sherlock out of the trajectory.
John looks momentarily confused at the mention of Sherlock's full name, but the grin doesn't disappear from his face.
“Please. You’re acting as if I didn’t know when exactly you’re about to reach an orgasm John,“ Sherlock sniggers, his tongue once again so cheekily running over his bottom lip. It’s really all John needs so he would roll over Sherlock and finally pull the scarf off his head, thoroughly wiping his face before peppering his eyelids and forehead with small soft kisses.
decided to call it a day,“ Sherlock said, suddenly a stern look in his eyes as if John had done something bad. “I told you, you didn’t have to do this all night. You’ll enjoy enough of nocturnal life once your baby’s born.“
“Hmm,“ Sherlock ran a thumb over his lips as if he was in a deep thought. “So we couldn’t leave Baker Street until you and your men got rid of Mary, right? Means we’re going to be stuck in here forever,“ Sherlock quipped, getting elbowed in ribs by John right afterwards.
Sherlock’s face was completely unreadable, pale and stiff, he all but stared agape at John for solid fifteen seconds until he finally brought himself to open his mouth and offer a response, one that John had never expected to receive.
Sherlock's words break John's heart. John's eyes dart back to Sherlock - he looks as if desperate for a hug, but too shy to ask for it.
John reaches into the pocket of his jacket, takes a small black box out of it. Opens it, puts it on the table.
“That’s a fairly ridiculous statement,” Sherlock objects. “Last night for instance...We talked for hours on end.”
, first and foremost,“ John growled against Sherlock’s lips, gifting him with a chaste peck. “But you’re lucky cause you’re also devilishly handsome,“ another peck, “the most beautiful,“ one more, “sexiest, hottest, smoothest, the most irresistible
“S-sexy you say?“ he grinned, licking his lips. They had never got so far as to actually make out properly, not while Sherlock was pinned up against the wall at least. Those past three weeks maybe were full of kisses and tongues exploring each other’s mouths, but more often than not, it was all still rather chaste and innocent and before Sherlock learnt the magic, also awkwardly clumsy. They maybe got heated up from time to time but each time it lasted for only a brief moment, without a promise of anything more happening just yet. Up until that day as it seemed.
Suddenly, Sherlock pipes down. Purses his lips, throws a brief glance at John then turns around, walks toward the window.
“Well, I am afraid my hands are tied in this case, John,“ Mycroft said. “I have no idea where is Mrs Morstan hiding or what she’s planning.“
Sherlock blinks, having a hard time deciding whether he feels flattered or slightly affronted. “If it makes you feel any better I remember
“John? Are you listening to me?” Sherlock huffs, affronted by the possibility that John is ignoring him.
well aware,“ Sherlock nodded, bitterness in his tone. He knew better than anyone. The proof being a hideous scar marking his chest, existence of which, however, wasn't anything he wanted to talk about at the moment.
John, concerned. Looks as if he's considering walking after Sherlock, but decides against it in the end.
It was difficult however. But not because John wasn’t willing to wait for them to get even more intimate with each other for as long as there was a need. What they’ve had so far was more than enough, more than he could’ve wished for a month ago, but the truth was that Sherlock wasn’t making the waiting any bearable. Even though he decided to wear at least pants into the bed in order to prevent any awkward accidents and because of still feeling rather shy and insecure, he didn’t care that much about decency when it came to different parts of his body.
“You’re such a child, Sherlock. I can see through you, you’re so transparent, like made of a fragile glass. You know, I don’t want to get rid of you solely for that you staying alive would destroy me. If John learnt the truth, he would crawl back to you like a loyal dog he is. I am repulsed by the mere thought of that. Who knows, maybe you two would-“
Dr. Mason: Finally, she collects herself. She doesn't seem to be vexed, nor uncomfortable. She understands.
Which isn't your fault. Look, Dr. Watson... We have no idea what exactly happened just yet but I suspect that Sherlock must have experienced rather lucid nightmares while he was comatose. Hence the ravings.
I am not, of course I am not. I told you, Sherlock's doing fine. As soon as he leaves the hospital, everything turns back to normal... No worries.
-From above, slowly zooming in on Sherlock's body on the floor. He closes his eyes, as if for the last time, but in reality... It's only the beginning.
to have a walk through the park again like I used to. I miss the city, I miss nature, I miss my old life. I am just not entirely sure I am ready to show the whole world…
,“ Sherlock pants, trying to catch John’s lip again but failing and so letting out another desperate sound.
There was no reply coming from the other side, Sherlock could hear nothing but rather an annoying cacophony of whirring and fizzling for a couple of seconds, but Mycroft didn’t let him wait for too long. “What for?“
Smiling, Sherlock's father pats their backs, then both he and Sherlock's mum step aside, take a seat in the front row.
He kisses Sherlock, but once they pull back, once he opens his eyes, something distracts him, a person - lurking in the crowd - Nurse Ferguson. John's smile drops.
They merely moved a foot from each other. Neither of them broached the subject of Mary since the morning, they barely even talked actually. They giggled and laughed together instead, occasionally sharing pecks, but never anything that would have felt too forced, they already got used to brushing each other’s hands but touched in no way that could have been a step over. They didn’t even kiss properly yet, but John didn’t even mind. He felt that it was perhaps too soon for overly passionate make out sessions anyway.
