“Oh, but you -
“Sherlock,” the eldest Holmes’ hissed, shaking the middle brother from his canine behavior. The other man shook his head and moved to stand beside them, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Her uncle’s going to do what?” Sherlock asked, striding into their flat in his pajamas and blue silk dressing gown, his fingers flashing over his mobile’s keyboard.
Sherlock lay down, done with hiding from his family. If Sherrinford could place his trust in the two children, then he could to. He sighed, waiting for the onslaught of Puppy enthusiasm, glad to have his Mate and child beside him.
“I was afraid that you would never want to see me again,” he stated, his voice carrying a significant amount of weight. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. About me. I-I thought that you’d stop seeing me…or expose me…And I couldn’t risk that…” He released a humorless chuckle as he rubbed the back of his neck, pulling at the dog tags there. “Of course, I did this to myself, so…”
“Twins are known to run in the family,” he stated. “How are you feeling about…? I never asked.”
_ _ _ _ _
. Mycroft allowed himself a small smirk.
“You do realize that most of your charges work for the establishment?” he sighed, his fingers beginning to rub his temple.
Sherlock nodded, his younger sibling already out the door and halfway down the sidewalk of Baker Street. The detective gave his beloved landlady a small lick on the inside of her wrist, tasting her scent of peonies and cookies, and chased his younger brother out to the sidewalk.
“May I present Immy’s gentleman caller, Dr. Sherrinford Holmes?” her mother announced to the gathering before pointing out the people that blinked up at him, their smiles turning sinister and sour. “This is Imogen’s brother, Frederick-” Nostrils wide, Sherrinford blinked once before giving her brother his hand, his face unreadable. “And my nephews, Andrew and Callum. They’re my late sister’s sons. My niece, Sarah and her husband, Joseph, Earl of Chestershire. My brother, Charles, Earl of Grantham and his wife, Margaret. Their children are all at university. Oxford.” More pleasantries were exchanged, including several tight-lipped smiles. Finally, the most uncomfortable exchange of the evening was made. “This is my father’s brother, Theodore, Lord Kensington, whom you’ve already met, I believe?” Her mother’s smile was positively poisonous.
“Evy!” he shouted happily, pulling the slim form of the young woman into his chest. He noted that the young man scented her lightly, inhaling along her hair line lightly before placing a tender kiss to brow. “How are you, Beautiful Girl?”
“Nothing,” she murmured, diverting her daydreaming gaze from a spot on the wall to her maths homework, “Just thinking of Uncle Ford.”
“We’re here, Sir,” the driver intone through the open dividing window.
The little ones, now seven, nodded and grabbed their overnight bags. They really did love Mrs. Hudson and he knew that she spoiled them rotten. They were lucky to have the older woman in their lives, of that he was certain. Without her, he wouldn’t be able to continue to keep such a close eye on his younger brothers and their mutual condition as well as the remaining Lupus sapiens in the realm. Watching his kids climb into the waiting town car, he turned and headed up the stairs to help his wife.
He knew the moment it had happened. How could he not? His Pack was expanding and one of it’s newest members was like his brother, a Wolf in all ways. So, when his elder sibling rang him in the late morning, he was not surprised. The wall that stretched before him had seemed to be making a bit more sense when the phone rang. Unfortunately, the rather shrill and obnoxious ringing of his mobile had caused any trace of his thoughts to disappear as if caught in a sudden gust of wind.
With another tight-lipped smile, the doctor slipped from his bedroom. He watched the shorter man go, realizing that John Watson was one of the strongest men that he knew, even if he wasn’t lauded for it. He had to be to keep up with the Holmes’. The Pup wriggled against his chest, readjusting his head so that he could listen to his slow, steady heartbeat. “Your Uncle John’s quite remarkable, Thomas,” he murmured, stroking the top of the fuzzy head with one of his thumbs, realizing how tiny his nephew truly was, “Don’t let me or anyone else forget that.”
Click. He whined, the sound soft but carrying through the now silent chamber.
The new babies were perfect. She knew that they would be (
With the Moon upon them, he knew that he most certainly preferred to be away from the circus that Baskerville was bound to become even while he knew that his nephew would be in need of a sitter while his younger sibling played ring master. He gritted his teeth. Thinking about it set him on edge. Besides, if he spent the night at Baskerville, there was a chance that the rest of the Holmes family secret would be revealed. With a sigh, he grabbed his mobile from the pocket of his dressing gown and shot the natural born wolf a text.
“Yes, of course, Brother Dear,” Mycroft intoned, pulling the large aluminum trays out and setting them on the counter before shoveling the contents into bowls. “Sherlock also insisted on-”
has yet to be leaked to the presses. Once I’m exposed, you will be put under the lens and some journalist will do some digging into your private records and will find out the truth.”
John shot him a look, cocking an eyebrow as a hand reached around his back. Nodding once, he pulled his sidearm from his holster. Sherlock glared at his Mate pointedly, sitting to scratch at his collar, jangling the tags and the leash that the doctor still held. “Greg?” the shorter man asked.
She must have been just barely above five feet tall. She was slim but not sickly, her bare arms, which were holding a copy of Shakespeare’s Sonnets, flexing with thin muscle. Her black hair was pulled away from her face in a sloppy bun, loose wispy waves framing her face in idle ringlets, while her green eyes were staring at Sherrinford in shock.
“Huh-how long?” the blonde girl asked, eyes wide with questions.
, he realized and rationalized with himself.
Evelyn was safely tucked into bed, asleep. Short, auburn fur coated the comforter beside her. Sherrinford had replaced Sherlock as her bedmate. A spot he would be returning to once this ‘Pack Meeting’ had concluded. He had called it, as was his right as the Alpha’s Mate, not wanting to wait until morning to discover what had gone wrong tonight.
“I have something that we need to discuss,” he whispered, looking at the happiness of the two men before focusing his attentions on his cup and the hot liquid within it.
, she thought, looking around the small kitchen. Despite their oddities, her family was truly perfect.
“I wouldn’t jump to conclusions, Sherlock,” his younger brother cut in. “But, yes, some are still becoming lost, fighting their instincts instead of working with them. It’s more of a nuisance than anything else, really, seeing as I can only do so much and some of the other Facility heads are less than helpful.”
, he realized, getting up with a sigh and stalking down the hall to the closed door. Thankfully, the door was not closed tightly and he was able to slide in through the gap in the door.
He exited the flat quickly, surprised to find John (in a fresh jumper) and Evelyn, looking extremely excited, waiting in the stairwell. “Let’s call a cab and get this over with,” he intoned, flipping the collar up on his Belstaff and hurrying off down the stairs.
“Take me to him and call Mycroft.”
A faint knock on the door roused him from his thoughts. Sherlock, collar in hand, stood before him. “Want to go for a run?” he asked, his eyebrows raising.
He wondered if the little girl knew what she was getting into. If she understood the weight of her responsibility and the importance of this secret. Of how it could truly impact the lives of the men that loved her enough to tell her. Judging from her rather jovial juvenile grin, she had no idea.
,” the younger man gritted, “We’ll keep you updated.”
“Like this?” Sherlock practically gagged, the remnants of a torn and battered plastic bag dripping an odd, oily substance. “Slammed it between the sofa and the wall when he sat down. Simultaneously, our murderer pulls the gun and shoots our victim in the chest as he is turning to figure out where the repulsive stench is coming from. Killer then stands and executes our werewolf from above his hunched over form. This probably occurred early last evening, judging by the fading of the odors and the amount of fluid saturation in the carpet.”
_ _ _ _ _
His original thirty were here. They had all grow into their furry forms well and had even been given a special yard for their thirty-person Pack to roam about when they Turned together, their territory covering the better part of five acres. Other similar Packs had begun to form and some Wolves had even begun to bring their loved ones, making the entire experience much less traumatic. One even transformed in a slightly modified apartment with his family petting and playing with him, as Evelyn did with Sherlock.
“Why is the population of Turned so high it there are only two Natural Born werewolves in the UK?” the girl beside her asked.
“Sherlock?” the doctor breathed, surprised at his decision.
, she reasoned, knowing that he wouldn’t have been allowed clothes anyway - Wolves never were. She should have known that her uncle wouldn’t treat the man well while under his care.
“That’s because they were caught,” he murmured, meeting the swirling eyes of his sibling. “We are more adaptable. We can live in the woods, avoid human contact - go feral, as it were. You’ve done it - I’ve done it. A day as a human in the middle of nowhere is not fun but it is not as difficult as one might imagine. That’s how we escaped, that and sound, human logic. There is a reason why the strain from Mum’s family survived while all the other British bloodlines died out: We’re highly intelligent stock.” He sighed, rubbing his face tiredly. “I guess it was too much to hope that all the media attention would keep them away.” His eyes narrowed thoughtfully. “You think they’re behind the New Moon murders.”
John, for once, obeyed, clicking the device off and moving to sit beside him on the couch, one of his strong hands coming to rest on his knee.
“Well,” the matriarch stated, taking a step back from the door and gesturing them inside to the expansive and richly marbled foyer, “Then by all means, come inside. Welcome to our home.”
“The Kensington Initiative was voted down. Your rights will continue to be discussed this session, but there is hope that you’ll will no longer be seen as second-class citizens,” the auburn haired man replied, his tone light, given the circumstances.
Imogen laughed, the action jostling her a bit too much. “Ow!” she moaned, pressing a hand to her brow.
The pause over the line made her hold her breath. “I assume your mother’s spoken with you about him?”
“He does miss you, Evelyn,” the grey-haired man smiled, his teeth flashing. She briefly wondered what her other father and uncle would look like if they smiled with their teeth showing.
The woman sent him an apologetic smile and extended her hand instead. He had wanted to wait for Evelyn, her fear and confusion still mingled with her scent, but he was loath to leave his brother’s mate wanting, so he rose and trotted to her. With a low grumble, he pressed the top of his head into her palm, his tongue darting over her stomach, pulling at the fabric.
His brow crinkling, he rolled over to look the natural born wolf in his deep blue eyes. The other man was looking at the floor, his eyes, usually piercing, were glazed. “How do you know that?” he queried.
He inhaled, stiffening and straightening in his chair. With a click of his mouse, he stopped the feed and attempted to zoom in on the image there. The figure, entering the house through the front door (which Stevenson hadn’t locked, the idiot), was wearing a dark leather jacket with a black hoodie underneath. The hood was up, shading any trace of a face, but two things were certain: the killer was certainly male and the murder was certainly predetermined and planned.
“I take offense to that, young lady!” her second father retorted, even as her dad laughed. The younger man growled, playfully nipping at his Mate’s neck to show his displeasure.
“Imogen,” the voice on the other side murmured comfortingly but passionately, “I love you.”
She scratched her calf, enjoying the pull of her patent leather shoe on her woolen sock. Her chin rested in her hand as her mind wandered. She liked school, she really did, but her science teacher was the most boring, droning professor in the entire history of the profession. Uncle Sherlock had taught her so much more about Chemistry at his kitchen table with his own second-hand science equipment than she had learned from her current teacher.
Molly tenderly stroked Thomas’ head. The little one yipped once, his nose working furiously in his mother’s direction. “So soft,” the mortician murmured, “Hello Thomas. Mummy and Daddy are right here! Feel him, Myc. It’s amazing.”
The young teenager huffed, “
He smiled, lips pressed firmly together, and clapped his hands together once, getting the attention of all the Wolves. “Thank you for coming, Gentlemen. This is a valiant first step towards finding equality among the populace for the Lupus sapiens. I congratulate you on taking the initiative to undergo this testing. You will be asked to perform individually, so as to eliminate any unnecessary distractions. You will be asked to perform several tasks while Shifted and then be asked to Shift back. Please remember, Gentlemen, that what is being asked of you is built to test you. It will not be easy, as your jobs are not easy. If you do not pass, I ask that you not give up hope. You may try again in the future - in fact, I encourage you to do so! You, Gentlemen, are the future of your people and your Packs. Even your Precincts and the Yard! You are the people that will change the views of the populace for the better. You are the future of your species and for that, you should be very proud. Thank you, please exit and we will begin shortly.”
Molly was staring at him, of that he was certain, her hand pressed over the Pup that rested inside her protectively. Mycroft’s eyes softened. “Nathaniel, Lucy,” he murmured, “That man is gone. And only one of the men was not able to make a full recovery. None of them were eaten. And there aren’t going to be any wolves that are going to come and eat you. Those are just stories to scare children into behaving.”
He sighed. “That wasn’t in Mycroft’s original document...”
He waited to the man to meet his eyes before he began to write his prescription, keeping his eyes kind though his mouth was hard. “First, you should tell the person closest to you and invite them to share next month’s Moon with you. It can be either here, at Baskerville, or at your regular facility...” He scanned the files. “Ah, yes. Torchwood. Or,” he paused for dramatic effect, unable to resist, “You Turn more regularly. It is a myth that Turned wolves can only Turn on the Full Moon. If you trust yourself enough, find a secure location, lock yourself in, and force a Shift. The more time you spend as a wolf, the more in-control of your natural instincts you will become.”
He breathed a short sigh of relief when Mycroft’s slightly less than perfectly put together head shook. “Not yet. Sherrinford says that he’ll hopefully only Shift around the Moon, like a new Wolf. Three nights and two days. He’ll be entirely in Sherrinford’s keeping then. Too dangerous, though I’m sure Molly won’t agree with that.”
“Are you alright, Sherrinford?” Lestrade asked, his eyes wide with residual fright.
. John stepped up onto the bottom step, looking him directly in the eye, an amused smirk on his handsome, ruddy face. “I meant that we should tell Evy that we are becoming a real family.” The older man paused as his face fell briefly. “Unless you don’t want to make it official in the eyes of the non-Lupus sapiens of the world?”
“No. Wait,” he cut in, wanting to know about his brother but needing to know about the rest of the deal first, “What do
As he entered, the men there stopped and turned, nostrils flaring. Several pairs of eyes narrowed at him. He smiled, lips closed, and gave a small wave, “Hello, Gentlemen.”
The twins were both nodding vigorously, their eyes larger than their half-empty dinner plates. “Good,” he continued with a small smile, leaning back, “Because I’m going to be running about here and I’m going to need a lot of help about the house. It’s awful not having thumbs.”
“The first shot was to the back,” John said. “Besides that, I can’t confirm anything until Molly autopsies the body.”
Inside, they viewed the tanks with their special additions. The family members and friends scratching ears and bellies, having full conversations, and cuddling with their furry loved ones. Sean and Elizabeth, her stomach jutting proudly like the prow of a boat, greeted the group as they walked down the residential hallway. They did not invite anyone into their home away from home but waved (or wagged) happily, answer questions that were posed. Sherrinford felt a welling of pride when the man from MI5 seemed to take a special interest in his best patient (Because Sherlock was his worst -
“The Red Lion has trivia on Tuesdays starting at 9.” His younger sibling’s voice murmured over his left shoulder.
“Myc?” she whispered as the contraction passed. Her husband snored on, rolling onto his side. “MYC!” she hissed, giving him a shake.
He took a few more steps towards the door before Molly’s voice stopped him again, her words stopping him in his tracks like a bullet to the chest. “We’re not your parents, Sherrinford.”
he thought to himself, noting the oddness of it.
Sherlock’s hackles rose and he growled menacingly, his younger sibling joining him right after. Apparently, they believed that England was theirs. A glob of what appeared to be flesh covered the drain in the floor, a little red light blipping on and off.
was too old for this job. He was winded (Thankfully after Mycroft but before John - all those years of keeping up with Sherlock) after twenty minutes and his legs protested the abuse that he continued to give them. He was loathe to let the Pack out of sight. Even as he worked along side these men, his worry and fear of them (and more specifically St. Pierre and what he did) persisted.
“Witches and vampires aren’t real,” his sibling shot back definitively.
Her eyes were glued on his sandwich as he restuffed the onions and looked over at her pointedly. “Are you eating something?”
, she thought,
“Well, he seems like quite the charmer. So handsome. It’s a shame...” Her mother’s voice dropped. “Your uncle thought that there had to be at least
“I can’t allow that to happen,” he murmured.
“Hello Sherlock!” Evy shouted shrilly, running to the dark haired Wolf and leaping into his arms.
“Is Imogen awake?” John’s soft voice asked, making him pause in his steps.
“And the other one?” he asked, “It’s just the one, right?”
Standing at the threshold of the inevitable, of destiny, of fate, was terrifying. He tried to keep his cool, keep from letting his plan slip before he was ready to unveil it.
, he reasoned, calming his ego,
The dark chuckle on the other end made her cringe. “Tomorrow afternoon should be fine, Immy,” the man replied. “We’re running tests in the morning. We haven’t had a natural born bastard in centuries!”
to.” John gave him a tender look. “Look, Sherlock, I don’t want to argue. I just want to take your mind off of this case. It’s driving you batty. You’ve been at it for a month and it’s gone nowhere and I know what your like on unsolved cases.”
It was then that a chorus of howls split the air. The hand in her hair tightened, raising her head and slamming it against the marble flooring.
“Alright, mate,” Lestrade said, rising and heading out to get his own K13, one of his best officers, for the test that could change the course of history. The man’s steps echoed around the room, as did the squeal of the gym door’s hinges. “Eddington, you’re up.”
His mother smiled weakly, tears in her eyes.
Her adoptive father, her dad’s partner, was in a surprisingly good mood; the door to 221B was open as she passed it on the way to 221C.
She rubbed her stomach thoughtfully. “Pretty well. Would you like to come in?”
to be able to take my Shifted form without fear of being discharged or worse, locked away for ‘giving in’ to the animal.” His eyes shot up to look at him in the face for the first time. “Please Mr. Holmes,” he murmured, begging, “Change the Law. Let us do our jobs to the best of our abilities.”
The shorter, grey-haired man looked at him with light blue eyes, widened slightly with fear. “No,” the man murmured, shaking his head and moving into the flat to stand directly in front of him. “We need to talk.” The doctor’s trajectory continued until he stood before him, hands fiddling with the edge of his jumper.
, she thought.
“Of course it’s alright with me!” the woman exclaimed. “I’m so glad that you’re keeping in touch with her, Sherrinford. You deserve to be happy.”
The detective shook his head sadly, his lips cast downward in a small frown. “And yet, besides his obvious knowledge of the Lunar Cycle, the public record of the Werewolf Registry, and some serious stalking, we still have nothing to go on regarding the killer. Hampsted and Stevenson didn’t even run in the same Pack.” The frustration that the detective was feeling quickly replaced the small bit of sadness that had slipped through moments before. Then a thought struck him. The detective moved closer, muttering in his ear, “There is a connection. They both spent their Moons at Baskerville. Their Sherrinford’s. Possible target? To what aim? Discrediting him? His status is unknown.” Letting those thoughts pass, Sherlock swiveled, his mercurial eyes scanning the ground. “Has forensics found anything regarding the bullets? Anything special about them?”
There was a note hidden in the chunks of rare meat he had received for dinner that evening.
“I’m not sure,” she breathed, making her way to the loo, “I just thought I remembered seeing him transform years ago. I must be imagining things.”
, he thought, almost chuckling.
. Click.
Teasingly, he inhaled dramatically. “So
“How long have you been planning this?” he asked, his voice soft, no trace of malice in it.
, he reminded himself.
“I was bored.”
Sherrinford, knowing her better than anyone else, gave her a small nudge. “Just because our family is growing, it doesn’t mean that we don’t love you, Evy. You will always be my favorite niece.”
“Is Uncle Sherlock like my Dad?” It came out of her mouth in a tumble. “Do you think I could call him Pop? Would he like that? I mean, I know that he and Daddy are Mates - which means that they’re like married in the eyes of other Wolves and I’ve always wanted two parents. Do you think that’d be okay?”
The trip to Evelyn’s class had been interesting. She had been better prepared than any of her other classmates, though that certainly didn’t surprise him. He knew that she would give her peers something to think about, at least. He just hoped that she had changed their minds. They were the future, after all. It would be their prejudices that ruled the coming generations.
“Yes, I know-”
he wondered, setting his small suitcase on the bed and pulling his clothes out of it. The closet was large enough for him to walk into, making his meager clothing look rather sad in comparison to the space.
The doctor stood with a sigh, his nose scrunched up slightly. “Thanks for letting us know about this, Greg,” the man said, looking a bit pale. “I hope this is an isolated incident.”
_ _ _ _ _
He wasn’t entirely sure why he had packed a bag. It was highly unlikely that he would be wearing many articles of clothing while he was at Downing Street. He still had a flat at Baskerville where many of his meager belongings were located and he’d still be returning there on the days around the Moon, his nephew in tow with the rest of his eldest brother’s family. Even then, he’d only spend the patient time as a man and the rest as a Wolf, the Pup lacking any sort of control around the Moon.
He let the thought pass, his mind flitting elsewhere. John and Evelyn had gone out for the evening - Father-Daughter Time, they’d called it. He knew it was because the other man, his Mate, knew that he needed the space to think.
The statement made him freeze, an eyebrow cocking with interest. “Oh? Is it a man, five foot nine who smokes cheap cigarettes and wears a leather jacket?”
His greeting was met with a chorus of yips and yaps, wagging tails and lolling tongues. Sherrinford, being the exact same regardless of his shape, thrust his head beneath the man’s outstretched hand. The guard gave the leading researcher of Lupus sapiens a good ear scratching, a grin on both of their faces.
“Have a nice day,” the doctor said, waving as the black cab pulled back into traffic. Sherlock’s nostrils flared, a brief thrill of jealousy rushing through him before he quickly squashed it down.
“Alright,” he said, tasting the next word on his lips before he voiced it, “Imogen.” He offered a hand. “It’s been a pleasure.” She took his hand, her smile slipping a bit as she shook it and dropped her own. “It may seem forward of me,” he said softly, averting his own gaze before refocusing on her eyes, “But, may I ask you to dinner? Maybe on Friday?”
“You know why we’re here, John,” he replied. “Staying in London would have been unbearable for everyone involved.”
Molly’s sad smile was enough of an answer even before she spoke softly. “I think that you’re being reasonable, Sherrinford. There will always be people who will be angry at you for hiding who you are, but there will be others that will be even happier to have someone with the status and power of your family and the knowledge afforded you on their side. Understanding who they are and what they go through. Someone who is fighting for them.”
He sighed, trying to banish the guilt that he felt over the pet project that had become a restricting, gagging Law. He had felt bad about it when Sherlock was made subject to them, worse when Sherrinford, who had been rather unrestricted in his upbringing, had to restrain himself in ways that he had obviously been raised not to, and now, Thomas was at risk of being raised as a second class citizen. Something needed to be done, and quickly. The reason Lestrade wanted to meet had to do with what his brothers had uncovered yesterday, of that he was certain. What he expected him to do about it, he had no idea. There were bigger fish to fry at the moment. Mainly, finding a way to amend his unjust Law.
He chuckled, a breathy ‘ehehe.’ “I, um, study Lupus sapiens,” he replied, diverting his gaze. “I work with them in close proximity and I’ve picked up on some of their mannerisms. Showing teeth is a threat, exposing your neck is being passive, allowing someone else to be in charge.” He paused, his face growing worried. “Does that bother you?” He held out his hand, summoning a cab in an instant.
She certainly liked to think so, though she definitely didn’t have the time, energy, or money to put into making it as special as she’d like. Most of the furniture was secondhand and the paint that clung to the walls was a bit drab and chipped in places, but it was home.
A sense of adventure overtook him and he began to romp about the rooms in earnest, his claws taking grooves out of the room’s once perfect oak floor. The tub was large enough that he was able to jump in and slide from one side to the other with an undignified yip (Something that he did twice). Leaping back out, scrambling for purchase on the tile flooring, he scurried from the loo and leapt up onto the window seat, flopping on it and rubbing and scratching his back into the silvery-grey cushions. Smugly, he jumped off, pleased to find his scent sinking into the room and his fur coating the once pristine furnishings. Fixing his eyes on the prize, he leapt onto the bed and rolled about, rumpling the sheets and scenting the bland comforter with his own comforting aroma.
“Did she follow us?” he asked the back before him.
He smiled reassuringly. “Of course, Eddie. What seems to be the problem?”
. Evelyn and Mrs. Hudson would be cowering in fear by the time the Moon set with him stuck in a confined space and John complaining about it.
“I hope your feelings are well-founded, Sherrinford,” Mycroft muttered, earning him a soft snarl.
“If you insist.” Her mother finally released the Wolf’s hand with a grim grin, her voice taking on a rather maniacal quality.
“Anything for you, John,” he smiled softly, “You’re my Mate, after all.”
The next morning, he woke to find Evelyn Watson pressed against his back, arms wrapped around his neck, face buried into his ruff. Steady, even breaths played through his coppery coat, making him sigh calmly. His ears flickered about, catching the muted conversation that John was having with Sherlock. Both men were nervous, discussing options and possibilities for their relationship as Mates as well as the potential for John to become a target if the wolf murderer killed again.
And, in an instant, the sudden invasion of their privacy was forgiven. Eager to consume the promised treat, the detective wound away from the doctor and past his father into the hallway beyond.
“Just three days,” he replied. “Not bad. Your shoulder’s healing quickly but not Lupus sapiens quick. I suspect that, so long as you strive to keep the area clean, infection shouldn’t set in. Besides a bit of pain and maybe some limited mobility for a short while, I’m hopeful that it’s nothing but left over effects from the attack. We gave you a transfusion, which may have helped to flush the venom, and thus the stinging pain, from your system. Of course, you were bitten under the sun, the day after a Full Moon, so you won’t Shift and shouldn’t exhibit any wolfish effects. You should take it easy for another week or so, just to protect your shoulder but I expect a full recovery.”
Instantly, the shouting stopped, replaced by low murmurings about the seemingly miraculous feat that he had just performed. He glanced up at his elder brother, gaging his reaction to his partial truths. The statesman’s face was in its usual composed mask though the man gave him a small nod.
The sound of a door slamming below told him that at least one of the Holmes brothers was home. “Mrs. Hudson!” the deep voice of the detective called from the foyer. “Dinner is nearly ready.”
“How are they?” the tired voice of Mycroft Holmes asked softly, turning the corner into the sunny room. “Is Molly resting?”
The apartment was as he remembered. Mycroft had even pulled the sheets out of storage, rich and embedded with his scent, neatly folded at the corner of one of the sofas. Of course the facility now carried the scents of nearly five hundred Wolves (The largest transformation center in the UK) and he was not entirely comfortable with it, the hair on the back of his neck raising slightly. The little flat of the Hooper-Holmes clan, however, had retained the odor of Pack, and it calmed him, soothing the Wolf.
Sensing that he was not needed right now (
“I have gone to the market - and the butcher! - when I was living here alone.” He hated being seen as an incompetent adult when, in fact, he simply didn’t want to waste his time with the mundane. And, in all honesty, if his favorite butchery delivered, he’d never set foot outside the flat except for level 10 cases, ‘mandated’ trips to Baskerville, and the occasional jaunt through the park.
“Shall we?” he asked, his rich voice setting her blood on fire, her cheeks vibrantly flushing.
“I think the question is: does your family want to enjoy an evening with you?” Mycroft retorted, earning him a sharp growl and a rumble of laughter.
“No,” the dark haired Wolf chimed in, sitting up a bit straighter, his eyes widening ever so slightly. “Absolutely not.”
John shot him a look, making him roll his verdigris eyes. “We’ll play it by ear.”
He had been too concerned with the vestigial tail than scars when he’d seen the man naked all that time ago.
He nodded, his tags jangling, before taking a couple of steps towards her with a faint whine. “He’s still Uncle Sherrinford, Angel,” John said, standing behind him now, one hand on the doorknob, the other attempting to restrain an all too excited Sherlock. The other wolf was a genius until you gave him a tennis ball, then it was all over. There were times that he wondered if his elder sibling wasn’t a were-labrador retriever instead of a werewolf.
The other man nodded distractedly, no doubt still thinking about his children, his family, and how he couldn’t tear them apart. With a final glance at the Pups, he rose and strode to his room, his thoughts swirling. His fingers beat a tattoo on his mobile screen, typing in a number that he rarely called.
“I need Jack. Preferably now,” the man commanded, his mobile already out of his pocket, fingers flying over the keys.
“What did he do?” he asked, curiosity peaked. “They won’t say on the news.”
The statesman inclined his head before turning and exiting, followed by his entourage.
“Truly?” he replied, still chuckling a bit under his breath. “Most people want to punch him in the face after a few seconds.”
, he reasoned,
_ _ _ _ _
Then black.
After all, most Turned were less than thrilled at their lot in life right after transitioning. The medicinal aid research had fallen a bit to the wayside, but, with a Wolf murdered in cold blood, it might be something to pick up. Being able to hide in plain sight might come in handy…
“I know what
About ten seconds later, Sherlock popped his dark head from the back of the van. “Hurry up! You’ll want to hear this!”
“Soon,” he replied. “Dinner first. The Wolves won’t do anything extraordinary before moonrise anyway.”
“Are you glad the Kensington Act has been shot down?”
. He inhaled and refocused on the family that was gathered around him with a smile. “How was everyone’s day?”
,” she gritted, “
It was the perfect night, the three-quarter moon lighting their way, the stars twinkling above them. The wolves raced among the weeds and stones, leaving her with her father and Imogen for a bit only to return with dead rabbits, one for each of them, even if the two humans were not going to eat them. Her dad took two of the hares graciously as the Lupus sapiens dug in. Sherlock made sure that Thomas ate slowly, not needing him to get sick when (and if) he Shifted back (a rather common occurrence). His two year old stomach was not adapted well enough to fully digest raw meat and viscera just yet.
. John’s voice cut into his thoughts, reminding him, none-to-gently, that he shouldn’t raise himself onto a pedestal higher than the one that was already built for him. He sighed. His mate was right, as he usually was when it came to dealing with others.
____________________________________________
For only the second time in his long and rather illustrious career, he was nervous. He had barely eaten breakfast and had left the house far earlier than was necessary. The opening remarks that occurred today would set the tone for the entire summit. Once the new or revised laws were created, then the Houses would be passed the bill. That could occur within the week, if they wanted to rush it through (Which was, no doubt, the case), or it could be drawn out for months. If it was the latter, then there may yet be hope of his fixing the problem he had created with the original set of laws. But, that could be asking too much. It would be hard to keep his aloof manner when there was so much on the line. But he could and would do it - he was Mycroft Holmes, after all.
Slowly, he walked into the upper bedroom of 221B, the hum and whir of the machines setting him even more on edge. Sherlock, who had barely left his Mate’s side, raised his furry head and gave a low whine. “I know,” he murmured. “All vital signs are strong and this is John we’re talking about. He has too much to live for to stay asleep for much longer. I’d guess tomorrow will be the day.”
“I-I need you,” the shorter man stammered before clearing his throat and clarifying. “I-I need you to listen. No interruptions.” the man’s gaze fell pointedly at his chest where his tags were hanging half in and half out of his t-shirt.
John joined them shortly after with a soft exclamation about why it was Sherrinford and not him whom his child had run to. Sherlock must have sent the rather over-worked doctor a sharp look because the man quietly walked around them, rumpling his ears while pressing a tender kiss into his daughter’s hair, and pulled the lasagna out of the oven. “Dinner’s ready,” the man stated, setting the steaming dish on the battered table top, the scent of melted cheese and browned meat wafting through the small flat. “Please clear the table and set it for dinner, Evy.”
_ _ _ _ _
started this. It seems only fitting that
When the knock on his door sounded, he instantly decided that it was his least favorite sound in the world. “Coming,” he groaned, rolling off his stomach and pulling his t-shirt down.
it, Sherlock.” John sighed, shifting a bit from foot to foot to shake off the built-up tension. “Look, I know that this is hard for you...this...waiting around for things to happen, but, please, this time, sit it out. For Evy. For me.”
Everything was as he had left it. His clothes were still folded neatly on the chair in the corner, his shoes pushed between the legs. He quickly dressed, not knowing when his eldest brother would wish to return to his office to refamiliarize himself with the patients he’d be speaking about this evening. He had no interruptions and was able to slip back into the hallway to search for food.
The teen sprang from her chair, causing it to crash to the floor, and rushed past him. “Daddy!” the girl shouted.
“Nothing,” came the other man’s reply. It was obviously a lie, but he smiled at Evelyn and helped her from his youngest sibling’s shoulders. “Did you learn anything new, my lovely girl?”
“I’ll get my Browning,” John said, also rising. “Let’s make sure everything is set on our end.”
He cocked the muscle over his eye, keeping his teeth hidden even as he wanted to peel his lips back. Instead, he dropped his head and plied his nose, dextrous tongue, and one of his paw’s pads to the keyboard.
The little girl’s lip popped out. “How come I’m not a wolf? I’m not special enough?”
She rolled her eyes, turning them down to her homework.
Never one for simple niceties, his elder sibling simply gave him a small nod, his head tilting to the right as his hand ruffled some of the fur on the top of his head. “Get some rest, Sherrinford. John thinks you’ll be up in a couple of days. We heal fast but you simply heal faster. Maybe, when this is over, I could get some blood? Saliva? For educational purposes, of course.”
_ _ _ _ _
you. He fixed the problem I created. He took the fall so no one else had to.”
Evelyn nodded solemnly, as her eyes flickered to the door, expecting a group of Wolves to waltz through it. The detective cleared his throat, drawing her attention back to him. “Evelyn, how can you identify a Lupus sapiens in human form?”
“And let all this history go to waste? I think not!”
“Nothing, Evelyn,” Sherlock stated, his eyes fixed on her father, his head slowly tilting to the left. “Your uncle simply does what he wants, not thinking about the consequences. That is why, Darling, you should always think before you act.”
Cutting to the chase and asserting his inner Alpha, he stated, “You’re mourning your packmate.”
He couldn’t be so sure about his next group of people. He had no idea who would be among the politicians. At the rate that the group was growing, he doubted that Mycroft knew all of them by name either. He simply understood that Kensington was not among them - he could not let that Hunter near his patients and the man that was vocally opposed to the Lupus sapiens.
Mycroft sighed. “Sherrinford
John was standing, arms crossed over his chest. “What happened?”
“I need files of successful patients. The K13 trials. Histories from the Continent. Any information you have regarding Werewolf hate groups.”
Lestrade pulled out his walkie and began to bark orders. “We need medics. STAT. Sewage tunnel at the corner of Lexington and Brixton on the Thames. We’ll need a transfusion ready. We’ll also need a coroner and a body bag - We got the bastard.”
Sherlock’s steady footsteps sped up a bit, the younger man probably jumping stairs in his rush to the table. The Full Moon was just days away and the other man’s dietary needs would be in overdrive. “The food will wait, Dear,” Mrs. Hudson chided from the floor below as Sherlock threw open the door to his flat.
“They’re bigots and killers. You’ve proven that to me time and time again,” she murmured, explaining her decision. “So, I’ll ask again: What do you need me to do?”
He shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck and tilting it a bit to the left, before he exhaled forcefully. His Pack Alpha, his older brother, did not know the ways of their people. He was still learning, of that he was certain. He had a Mate, their bond growing deeper as the years passed, as their love grew and attraction began to take hold. Sherlock and John knew of this, of course, except for the latter bit. However, they did not understand how such a bond is initially established.
“Of course,” he replied, “But you already knew that.”
“You’re hoping to stop the passing of the bill.” It was a statement but it was said without emotion, giving him pause.
The word hurt for him to say, summoning memories from his isolated childhood as his ears picked up the shocked gasp from Molly and the sharp ‘
“Oh?” the teacher queried, taking a spin from her steaming cup.
an adult with her at all times - by no means. It was his younger sibling’s protective streak that was telling him to be there for her, to watch out for her. She was his Alpha’s Pup and thus she was of the utmost importance. Knowing that his brother was on the job, he snuggled into his lightly snoring mate and allowed sleep to take him once again.
The coppery wolf padded across the wooden floor, his head and tail lowered submissively. Stopping beside the bed, her brother-in-law gave her a soft whine, double checking. “You can come up,” she murmured. “I’ll even let you hold them, like Sherlock did with Lucy and Nathaniel.”
When he arrived, furry and panting from exertion, he was rather glad to catch John just as he was closing the door. The man cocked an eyebrow, obviously not aware that Sherlock ‘Needed to Talk’. He tipped his head to the right ever so slightly, his newly awakened inner Alpha snarling at the very thought, and pushed past the man. He took the steps in leaps, easily making it to the third floor before the doctor, the scent of Italian food and salt pulling him upward.
The car pulled up to the gate, which opened quickly at the sight of Mycroft Homes, the British Government, and the younger Holmes twitching in the back seat. The guards were used to the comings and goings of the Older Holmes boys. Sherrinford, whether in penitence or because he felt that he better served the Lupus Sapiens at Baskerville, rarely left the facility. He did leave on Full Moon nights, running about the moor as Sherlock had done for that first year. He also visited the family estate in Oxford, but never stayed for long stretches of time. He was sure that the lack of childhood memories in his assigned room (Which
After shoveling his breakfast into his maw, he went to the holding cells and flats, some of which had their occupants already placed within them. Today was his most important day of work for the month, after all.
“I’ll meet with the patients as they arrive, hopefully put out a few fires, and get them all settled before the politicians show up,” he stated around his mouthful of ham. “Will you be present, Mycroft?”
The wolves slipped beneath the gate, panting slightly at their exertion. Sherrinford looked pleased and content, but, then again, he viewed this form as himself, just furrier. Sherlock also seemed happy, glad to have had time on the moor. He had always liked the moor, ever since that first transformation.
A rumble of general positivity and happiness at the success of the K13 program moved around the table with wide smiles and shining eyes. “Refocus, please,” Mycroft stated, his hands folding in his lap.
“We understand that this is a lot to take in,” Sherrinford intoned kindly.
Imogen snorted and smiled again, her teeth out. “After all the excitement at Baskerville, all you could think about was me?”
He watched the lean younger man eye him almost warily before he sat, legs spread, across from him. His brother gave a small wriggle, as if getting comfortable, though they both knew that that was not the case.
“Yes, there are. That is right. However, right now, I want you to identify a fully-clothed werewolf. What do you look for?” He focused on her face as he slowly unbuttoned his collar. His peripheral vision told him that Sherrinford was following his lead.
He checked the email and, finding nothing (
The flared nostrils of both the Wolves made him cock an eyebrow. John was already carrying his (illegal) firearm and had been for some time. The man was a soldier first and foremost. Old habits died hard.
“Of course not!” the detective inserted quickly, “She’s the key to stopping this hate crime. That is, of course, if she is still on our side…”
“Resting,” her husband responded. “She’s been put on bed rest until the babies come, though I think that she’s going to be going into labor soon. At least for her sake.”
“I know,” he replied, testing the bottle on his wrist before offering it to the whining Wolf. “I guess this little distraction will be just what the doctor ordered.” With another chuckle, he existed the room and headed to see his elder brother, praying that the man had not gone completely off the deep end in the hour since he’d left him.
“That’s incredible,” his favorite niece breathed, her hand brushing some of her cousin’s hair from his brow. Her sharp eyes snapped to meet his own. “Why Shift back and forth for less than two seconds?”
He bent to his task, his tags scraping across the keyboard as his head moved.
The Turned Wolf twirled out of the room with a spin of his coat. “Keep me posted!” he called over his shoulder. “John!”
he got the promotion,” she explained. “Seems like private contractors want body guards and security that can watch out for more than just the obvious threats. With a nose like Sean’s, he can find poisons and smell weapons and disease.” She shook her head. “It seems a bit fantastical to me, Dr. Holmes, but it pays brilliantly, so we can’t complain. Not with the little one on the way.” She stroked her stomach lovingly.
. It was the only place they hadn’t looked. Sherlock, never one to give up the chase, sneezed in an attempt to keep his nose clear as their pace slowed. Sherrinford whined, the sound echoing about them, not pleased to have his nose infiltrated by the rather horrendous stench of human waste.
, Molly mouthed, noting that the baby in his arms had quieted. She pressed a gentle kiss to his lips before they were pressed onto Benedict’s head. She made her way down the hall, stopping to give her other son (who was now curled into a ball at her brother-in-law’s side) a pat on the head.
He’d missed this - the feeling of the wind playing through his thick fur, the crunch of the gravel and pavement beneath his tough paw pads, and the companionship that he could only find with another Wolf. Sherrinford raced back to him, looping around him before growling and nipping at his ears affectionately. He gave the larger Wolf a playful shove before taking off at a brisk clip towards the nearby park. He could sense his brother following him, obediently sticking behind his right shoulder, tags jangling.
Molly smiled at him, but Mycroft’s mask was in full display.
The door swung open a few seconds later to reveal the imposing figure of Mycroft Holmes. “Sherrinford,” the older man intoned, “Thank you for coming.”
Rolling his eyes at the attempt at small talk, Sherlock guffawed. “Small talk, John? At a time like this? And asking someone ‘how’ their day was is a rather preposterous question. Instead, one should ask what they did and their feelings on the results of their activities.”
“I need a case, John. Something to take my mind off of this...this NOTHING!” Slamming the laptop shut, he rose and strode to the kitchen before beginning to pace.
? Your father is always reminding me about how it’s important…”
“I understand,” the woman murmured. She leaned in and placed a firm kiss on his cheek, He could smell her salty tears as they escaped the hold of her eyelids. “Keep in touch, Sherrinford. I-I wish you the best.”
The door in front of him opened, allowing a wash of Sherlock and John to stream into the room along with the father of the child wrapped about his ribcage. “Oh,” the doctor breathed, eyebrows shooting up as he blinked at him lazily, one ear trained on the older man, the other on the sleeping child behind him. “Wuh-wuh...?” The other man swallowed. “Morning.”
The room was large - much larger than the one that he had at 221 Baker Street. In fact, he was sure that his room on Downing Street was larger than the combination of Sherlock’s sitting room and kitchen in 221B. The bed would be a nice change from his rather rickety twin cot in the spare room, seeing as he could sprawl in the middle without any of his limbs touching the edges. The window had a window seat beneath it, giving him the opportunity to look out the window for hours at a time, observing his niece and nephew at play. There was an ensuite bathroom, which was also very large in comparison to any logically-sized room for relieving oneself or for bathing. His brother, obviously not wanting to get his fur on any of the cushions or furniture, had a large, very soft-looking doggie bed tucked in the corner. Everything was a shade of off-white or light grey, which was slightly odd, in his opinion, missing the eclectic mess that surrounded him in 221 Baker Street, the Holmes family flat in Baskerville, and even the homes that he had been raised in in Germany.
“If you give in to this bill, then every one of our family is condemned to live behind bars, too. Sherlock, Thomas - Evelyn would grow up without her second father, Thomas without either of his parents. It’s inexcusable, Sherrinford. You cannot give yourself up. Don’t let your guilt consume you.”
He expertly dodged the burp cloth that was thrown at his head with a chuckle. “Not nice, Sherrinford!” his sister-in-law hissed in an equally playful tone before she picked up the squirming Benedict. “But thank you, nonetheless. Twins are hard.”
A thinly-fingered hand joined his, teasing the small triangle ears. “How is he?” Molly asked, her face worried.
She heard his teeth snap together at the command, listening. “What were you thinking?”
“No!” he barked back, sitting up and looking directly into his younger sibling’s face. “You need to go. Learn as much as you can. You’re going to catch a killer.”
With a few grumblings, he heard the obedient patter of little feet retreating and the bolt sliding back. Molly’s flushed face beamed down at him. “To what do we owe the pleasure, Sherrinford?” she asked almost conspiratorially. “Shall I get Myc?”
) of shoes.
The man beamed at her, tears in his eyes. “I will. I promise.”
The blue eyes of his younger sibling rolled. “I feel like I have little to contribute to this, seeing as I have never lived a ‘normal, human’ life. I am proud of who and what I am. I’d proclaim it from the rooftops if I knew that my family couldn’t be harmed by it.”
“All units are out on the hunt. We’re down a few good men though - it being tonight.”
The pregnant woman tossed a dressing robe over him, smelling strongly of Mycroft, making him growl even as he began to shift back. Inhaling, he willed the shift and sighed through the brief release as his paws gave way to hands and feet and his muzzle retreated into his straight nose and thin lips. Gathering the robe, he slid his arms through the sleeves and pulled the front together to protect his feeble modesty. “Thank you,” he panted slightly as he rose. “Is there somewhere more comfortable we could talk? It’s rather important.”
He smiled with tight lips, moving towards the full coffee pot, filling a mug to the brim and taking a large gulp of the scalding liquid. “Mmm. Ah,” he hissed, his tongue smarting in his overzealous first sip. “I had a lovely time.” He walked over to the table and sat down facing the mortuary. “I am hazarding a guess that not all of the residents of the Transitional Facilities would say the same.” He took another long draught from his mug before setting it down, his keen eyes watching Molly and Sherrinford exchange looks.
, he thought with a soft whine,
, he noted,
“That would be excellent, thank you,” the doctor replied, standing up with his knees cracking.
“You're on speaker, Mycroft,” he groaned, not really understanding why his bother couldn’t simply come.
He raised his head with a whine. He knew why the little guy was unhappy.
“Hello, Sherrinford,” she breathed, watching the man’s lanky body enter from the bedroom. He was a bit worse for wear, looking exhausted. His hair was rumpled and unkempt, rather scruffy patches of facial hair clung to his cheeks and around his mouth, and his eyes, still alert, looked weary and sunken. His body was covered in bruises and his gait had a slight limp to it. He was only wearing a sheet.
Evelyn laughed, a beautiful sound in his mind, and shook her head. She was scraping the garlic bread, crispy and cheesy, from the pan and into a basket. With a small smile, she placed the basket onto the table and called, “Dinner’s ready!”
,” she muttered.
With one final look at the disheveled bed and the view of the moor through the window beyond, he turned the knob with a soft squeal and stepped out into the hallway. His brain whirred about within him. He wondered, briefly, about the four newly Bitten, stuck between St. Pierre and his escape.
“Well, for the most part. Stevenson’s Pack will be a wreck for the first hour or so, but after that, they should be alright. Remind me, when all this is done, to pay Sean a visit. I want to hear more about his new job.” He cocked his head playfully before asking, “Shall we?”
The sight that greeted him was admittedly very unexpected. Sherlock was kneeling, back to him, with the arms and legs of a young teenager wrapped tightly around him like a barnacle clinging to the bottom of a boat for dear life. Evelyn’s breathing was erratic, making him instantly realize that the salt he was smelling came from her tears. The urge to run to his favorite niece rushed through him but his paws stumbled to a stop at the door jam. He whined and waited at the edge of his brother’s mate’s territory unable to enter another Alpha’s space without permission.
Evelyn drew closer, plopping herself down next to him, her eyes shining brightly. “I was hoping to learn more about the Wolves,” she murmured, noting the baby resting on his chest. “After all, there are so many of them in our family - I want to know all about them!” The teen paused, leaning into his shoulder. “Besides, if I know more, I can help! I can tell everyone about how awesome you are! And Ms. Crowley can, too!”
“Hello Sherrinford,” his mother said, a melancholic smile playing at her lips and through her eyes; her disappointment at his appearance (
He inhaled the jumble scent of thirty-one other bodies and focused on Mycroft. While the other Alpha caused him to bristle, he was Pack, and that was a comfort, however small. His fingers fumbled with the buttons before his shirt came free and was shortly joined by his trousers and his socks. His pants were a lost cause. He was not an object to be ogled regardless of his usual sense of propriety (or lack thereof) in front of his Pack members.
The cab ride was silent. John was tired and nervous. Evelyn was beaming and excited. He was...well, he was also a bit anxious, though he’d never admit it out loud. He had never thought, even after the Bite, that his life would have come to this. His unconventional Pack seemed to become more conventional by the day, the count up to three Lupus Sapiens, two of which were Natural Born, and eight humans (plus his parents who didn’t quite fit but could never be truly excluded). For a once solitary creature, it was disconcerting to have so much power and responsibility over twelve people (as John was his equal, he could not be counted as one that he had any power over and he knew from experience, that John would simply do that he wanted anyway).
The tears came, cutting rivulets down his cheeks. He wiped them away quickly with the silk sleeve of the dressing gown. Molly smiled at him and offered him her free hand, which he took with a tight smile. “We’re going to need some help,” she said kindly. “I couldn’t think of a better teacher than you! You can help all of us.” She laughed, moving his hand to the side of her bump where the Pup was thrashing back into it’s human shape. “We’re going to need it.”
Sherrinford nodded before exposing a bit of his neck. Mycroft similarly nodded, helping Molly carry the bowls of pasta over to their table. It would be a bit crowded with six people, but they would make due. Pack loved each other, after all.
Mycroft finally exited the flat and began moving the admittedly startled gathering closer to him. A young blonde woman gave him a smile, her teeth flashing. He growled before he could stop himself, his teeth flashing before he could quickly tuck them away again. Her eyes widened and she stopped, her lilac Speed stick activating with terror sweat.
“Barely,” Mycroft sighed, “He’s only
“I made dinner,” the girl said, stepping back. “Chicken soup and warm bread.”
“Oh?” he said pointedly, shooting a glance at Lestrade, who gave his head a minuscule shake. “And what do you think it was?”
Her family closed in so much faster than she had thought possible. Her great-uncle grabbed her wrist and pulled her to kneel beside him as her cousins and brother converged around the unarmed man, weapons appearing from behind cushions and up sleeves. Her mother was shouting something about a pelt and her uncle Charles was cackling hysterically.
“He gave my hit to Imogen. And, as you see, I’m still here!”
“To clarify: As painful as this is for you, I was five when you did this in front of our parents.” The man gestured to their napping nephew, an eyebrow cocking pointedly. “I had no idea, really, that Mother and Father had tried to make up for giving you up by getting a dog but I got the one thing that I really needed: a companion. It is not unimaginable that I was a rather solitary child.” A small, crooked smile twisted a corner of his mouth. “That Irish Setter helped me interact with the world around me in a new and wonderful way. Seeing Thomas like this, so…innocent, reminds me of my dog. And it reminds me of how lucky our family is to have you back with us.”
are so rare that they are practically extinct in England. Fantasy really.” He snorted, trying to hide his growing wariness. The hair on the back of his neck was rising despite the fact that his logic insisted that he was not being threatened.
Reluctantly, he opened the door again, his eyes downcast as his ears told him that the men were making themselves decent again. “Um…,” he stated, “I’m sorry but I’m not sure this is the best thing for a broken shoulder.”
As the class filed out, he gave Evelyn a wave and a smile. “I will meet you in the hallway, Darling,” he said proudly. The teen beamed at him, her teeth flashing.
With a sigh, he rose to his feet and gave his coat a shake. He bent, retrieving the remains of the balls and moved back to the road, eyeing his sibling speculatively. The dark wolf rolled his eyes, sighing, and rose with a yawn and a stretch, his teeth catching the moonlight. Snuffling, the other wolf nudged his mate’s leg with his wedge-shaped head, ushering him towards the gates of Baskerville. He watched the human doctor simply shake his head and place his hand on the other man’s furred shoulder tenderly, the pair walking side by side. Perfect for each other - completing each other.
He nodded once before rising. “I will see you in two days, then.”
, he thought, wishing that he could growl convincingly at his youngest sibling, annoyed at his airs. “Most are already situated. Their families are here as well. I believe that our little success story, Sean, has already shifted. Elizabeth is expecting.”
” she breathed.
Sherlock’s lips twitched in response. “Hello John.”
she knew. But she had never admitted it to herself. He had been so
“COME ON!” she called, urging them forward with a wide wave of her arm. The guards behind her snorted, no doubt rolling their eyes at the display. They were used to it, but her undying enthusiasm seemed to constantly bring them joy and exasperation.
“Is there a reason why you find that keeping them in separate kennels is better than allowing Packs to form?” he asked, his head resting on his fist, his elbow propped on the desk.
He gritted his teeth, not even attempting to suppress a growl. His feet had surely worn a track in the carpet by now with all of his pacing. His usual New Moon pursuits (experiments) were so unimportant at the moment that he felt that all he could do was pace.
He grinned broadly, his hands cradling the Pup to his chest as he reclined on the sofa in his eldest brother’s front sitting room. Thomas, after a bit of whining and a bit of nipping (which he reprimanded with some harsh growls), was falling into a bottle induced food coma, his human nostrils flaring and wriggling adorably. He couldn’t help but smile at the thought that one day, maybe in the not-so-distant future, he could be holding his own Pup. The little one was just dozing off when the front door opened and shut, bringing a wash of scents with it. His smile widened, the perfume of violets, vanilla, and fresh-cut grass wafting through the stagnant air. “Evy,” he breathed, turning his head to meet his niece’s beaming face through the foyer.
“I’m just going to eat and use the loo,” John said. “Then back to bed, I promise.” He nodded, showing that he understood. Hunkering down again, he curled tighter around himself and let sleep take him.
“I didn’t, Evy. I had my uncle and we moved around a lot because of…”
Any time the subject was changed, his father would hijack the conversation, rambling about the weather and the vacation that he and his mother were planning on taking to Surrey in a couple of months. At least the old man seemed pleased to have his family ‘whole and hearty.’ The same couldn’t be said about his mother, with her tight, quivering lips and her hard, narrowed eyes over her forced smile.
She woke up with a gasp, pain seizing her lower half.
He really was getting too bloody old for this job. He missed his girls: the youngest was being boarded at school, the eldest was a freshman at university. When Donovan left to marry Anderson and raise their kids four years ago - well, he’d seriously thought of hanging it up.
Sighing, he closed his laptop and pushed his chair back. “Please, let this work.”
“Anything you need to know?” Sherrinford asked, his gaze fixed on the man that would be his mouthpiece, “My files are on my desk, if you need refreshing about any of the patients.”
“Yes,” Sherrinford replied, following behind him with the others.
) This doctor, however, is a top general practitioner in London and he has had Lupus Sapiens patients before you (
_ _ _ _ _
Compelled by the Moon, he shook out his coat and tossed back his head, howling. The sound was quickly joined in harmony with that of Sherrinford, making the flat ring with their music. Turning, eager to find his Pack mate, he trotted to the door, pushing it open with his nose. The auburn Wolf was waiting for him in the hallway, head lower than his and cocked slightly to the left.
A shot rang out and Sherrinford ducked, skidding on the marble, a smoking hole appearing in one of the book bindings where he had been seconds earlier. The slippery floor gave her family the time they needed to grab the Lupus sapiens again, Andrew latching onto his tail. With a strong pull, he was left a fist full of fur for his trouble even as Callum grabbed Sherrinford’s tags and yanked.
The woman nodded at him, looking relieved. “That’d be great, thanks. If I could get Myc to look after Ben for a bit too, I could shower.”
Gathering his courage and tapping into his inner Alpha, Sherrinford Holmes, Natural Born Wolf, stood before his patients and fellow Lupus sapiens. Some smiled, teeth sheathed. Others growled, teeth flashing. He raised his hands in part surrender as well as a means to quiet the men and their assembled family and friends that rode out the Moon with them.
happen again, John,” he shot back, still irritated and more than a little worried. He was the Alpha of a Pack; it was his responsibility to protect them. “It was too well-planned and executed to be an isolated incident.”
“Well,” the doctor sighed, taking a few steps forward, a soft smile on his lips, “We know that Sherrinford is babysitting and we will be staying in. None of us are in imminent danger-” The man broke off as he got a brilliant idea. Unfortunately, after living together for so long, John could read his facial expressions like a book. “No. NO! Sherlock! We have Evy to think about now. We are
It had been after that when the Wolf began to leave his slumbering daughter’s bed for his. The first few nights had been awkward, waking with a naked Sherlock Holmes thrown over his body in a protective gesture. Even the werewolf woke with a bit of a blush. After that, John slept under a blanket or two, with the Wolf on top of the comforter - next to each other, but with barriers between them once the transition back to human took hold. He smiled at the memories. He felt whole now - no gaping hole left by Mary, though he missed her terribly. He was beginning to understand why so many people truly loved their pets, the werewolf reminded him of that every Full Moon. Not that he’d tell the detective that - he was not a tame Wolf, after all, and the man refused to be classified as an animal.
“Yes,” the Wolf snarled. “It’s deadly and potent to the Wolf, but it’s a hinderance to the Change to the Human.”
The other man’s brow was furrowed and Sherlock rumbled, unhappy that he was placing commands on his Mate. Slowly, the doctor nodded. “That seems reasonable to me, Sherrinford.” The man in the bed looked past him. “Evelyn?”
“It can be done, for sure. Any Lupus sapiens in a Shifted form needs one, in case the Hunters take him elsewhere to dispose of him-”
it happen.”
His brow furrowed. “Sure, Evy. Anything.”
“I know the killer won’t attack one of them when there’s the off-chance that he might Shift, however unlikely. The killer is a coward.”
. He whined, his stomach dropping out as nerves settled there.
The young woman leaned her head against his shoulder, sighing. “It’ll happen,” she breathed, “I know it will.”
“Not yet,” he replied. “But it is part of his training that he learns to be in control of his instincts and that includes biting.” The twins nodded their understanding. “Also,” he continued, “There is one other Lupus sapiens here. He is friendly and he loves you very much.”
“Sounds…horrific,” Holmes answered, wrinkling his nose in disgust.
December 22
sorry…it’s just this… case I’ve been working on. I’m
He gently placed the cat beside him on the sofa and reached across for his cell on the opposite end table.
John startled a bit. “Ah, that sounds a bit depressing when you put it that way, but yes…yes, that’s about it.”
“Are you okay Sherlock….you look a bit…perplexed.”
He went downstairs in search of his wife and found her sleeping on the den sofa. Quietly, he headed for the kitchen and a cuppa. He sipped the hot liquid and felt the warmth as it made its way down his throat. All the troubling thoughts that had graciously left him in his slumber, now returned.
Because there was one thing they knew for sure: they loved her.
He gave her a tilt of his head and a smile. “Carson. Carson O’Connor. I, ah…hope I’m not being too forward. I’m not even sure if you’re alone. I saw you’ve been sitting here for a bit and assumed…”
And if “Billy” was serious about wanting to “get out” and do something constructive with his life, he would see to it that provisions were made for him to do so, but he wasn’t going to waste his time with him either. Some people, in fact, a lot of people it seemed, didn’t want to be saved. Plain and simple.
“It doesn’t matter. All I really need is for you to hold me up.”
“What about Lestrade?”
“No, don’t be.” John gave Sherlock’s hand a little squeeze.
“As to that,” John started. “I thought we agreed to not take anything else on until after the holidays. So what is this about then?”
Your reactions mean the world to me.
Later, he would blame the pain for his lack of foresight. He would blame whatever was left of the morphine in his system. He would blame himself for weeks, months to come.
John sighed. ‘Yeah, that too. But also between us. I had hurt him, he had hurt me and we never talked about it.’
‘Last night was…’ James seemed to struggle for words and John grabbed James’ hand.
So, Sherlock decided to help.
‘You could talk over dinner.’
‘Oh, shut up and kiss me.’
This is terrifying.
One hand is holding Sherlock by his hips, pressing his against the wall, as he ravages his mouth. The other hand is now expertly undoing the button and flies. Sherlock moans sinfully as John wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s now throbbing erection.
Never before has Sherlock felt more insecure. Without any visual input, and with John very carefully controlling his breathing, there is no way of knowing what John is thinking. Is he angry? Upset? Both?
‘Together,’ John groaned and Sherlock found himself nodding in response.
John’s look rendered him silent and he knows. He knows that John would have done the same if their positions had been reversed. If he had died, John would not have stopped hunting for the person responsible.
All the warning he gets before Sherlock shoots his load into John’s mouth, is a hand in his hair, struggling to hold on and the sudden rush is enough for John to come, lips still wrapped around Sherlock, sucking and holding him in deep.
Sherlock had encouraged John to keep Sholto close. John obviously trusted him with what he was feeling – and Sherlock had ignored the stab of jealousy he had felt when Sholto called him. John had gone to him, someone from years ago as opposed to him. Hadn’t John see that Sherlock would never ever turn his back on him? That he couldn’t say ‘no’ to him? He had killed for him, been willing to sacrifice it all for his happiness. But Sherlock had said nothing. Not at that time anyway.
She was supposed to have backed down – her behaviour in Magnussen’s office and the hospital was a clear indication that she did not want John to find out. Above everything else, she should have wanted to keep this from John.
‘John!’
Sherlock exhaled. He might have set out to make John happier, but strangely, Sherlock felt more content that he had before right now. James was not just here for John, he was here for Sherlock also and the feeling of earlier returned. He wanted to explore James. Map out every inch. Know him, truly know him.
‘You are friends. People invite their friends over for the dinner, don’t they? And I don’t mind. He is… intriguing.’
John’s fingers are trembling as he undoes the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt and Sherlock clenches his own hands on his lap. He tries to steel himself for John’s anger. He tries to prepare for the questions, the accusations, the guilt. John moves to stand behind Sherlock. He feels his shirt slide off his shoulders and he tenses.
‘’Stuck in the closet’,’ John huffs out and Sherlock frowns. Has John lost his mind? ‘Of course you bloody wouldn’t get the expression. It is what people say about men and woman who haven’t… you know… come out yet.’
John! Sherlock hadn’t even heard him come in. He sat up straighter and opened his eyes. John stood in the doorway – just finished at the clinic, checking to see if there’re any cases for him to help you with before he heads back to Mary – with a worried expression on his face. ‘You okay?’ His voice is soft yet Sherlock can almost hear him screaming in his ears and he involuntarily flinches.
The third time Sherlock claims it is for an experiment.
‘Sherlo…’
And with Sebastian Moran, who was right here in London for those two years, still fresh in his memory, who can really blame Sherlock for making sure John hasn’t been taken away from him? John doesn’t say anything though. He turns his hand and grabs those fingers. Sometimes the silence is all they both need.
John had trusted him instantly. He had allowed Sherlock to explain –
John lies back again and it is only then that he realises that Sherlock had held both his wrist firmly the entire time, fingers on his pulse point. He falls asleep contemplating this and to the sounds of Bach coming from downstairs.
‘John…’
John’s head fell back on Sherlock’s chest when James let go of his mouth in favour of John’s skin. He sucked, licked and nuzzled all the way down until he was on his knees and Sherlock had managed to undo the shirt. He pulled it away from John’s frame, exposing his torso to them both.
If Sherlock closes his eyes he can almost imagine himself being back home. Years ago. Both of them so much younger and more wary around each other.
The first thing John feels are the cold slender fingers pressing down at the pulse point on his throat. They’re trembling. Next he hears Sherlock’s frantic voice. ‘…wake up…please, don’t be dead…come on, John, please!’ ‘Sh’lock?’ John is feeling dizzy and disoriented when he opens his eyes and he quickly closes them again. He loses his consciousness again shortly after.
Tea was waiting for him in the kitchen of 221B - Sherlock still had remind himself every morning that John was back - and he could hear the agonisingly slow typing of his flatmate. He made his way to the living room, cup of tea in hand.
John sounds closer now – on his knees, in front of me, his hand on my knee, comforting, I’m… oh. Sherlock breathes, deeply, and John’s hand tightens slightly. ‘’That’s it. You okay?’’
When they both have calmed down, Sherlock gives a quick nod and stands without saying a word before leaving the room. John doesn’t thank him; he never does. Sometimes the silence is all they both need.
‘He’s not at the flat,’ John breathed. ‘He has been here though. Tore everything apart. Have you heard anything?’ He had to ask, maybe…
‘Sherlock…’
he had promised to stay still – ‘
Sherlock found he couldn’t look at John’s face – he can fool himself like this. He can pretend he isn’t wrong – so he kept his eyes focused on his chest. John’s chest, where the bullet from Mary’s gun tore a hole through him because of Sherlock. Because he thought he was being clever, because he thought he knew her and it caused John’s heart to stop!
With the heat and tightness of John’s body clamping down on his, even though it was just on his finger, Sherlock’s senses suffered an overload. There was nothing, no one, but the feeling of John and James underneath and around his hands.
‘Oh God yes. Do it.’
Sherlock tried to stay clear from John’s prostate as much as possible – he didn’t want this to be over soon – and it didn’t take long before John started pressing back against his fingers. ‘Sher… God, James, fuck me.’
Sherlock could hear it in his voice. The panic. The fear. And the realisation that things had gone too far without him ever realising it. Sherlock knew the feeling well. Only he had felt in a room filled with people instead of an active warzone.
And suddenly Sherlock realised that he wanted to explore James like that as well. Map out every inch of his skin. Find out what made him shiver. What made him moan and writhe. To feel the weight of him in his hands.
John couldn’t even care about Mary’s gasps and mutterings. She was crying, he could hear it, but Sherlock’s voice sounded absolutely wrecked. He was lying on the floor –
and Sherlock’s pale face was suddenly looming over him. He was not looking at him, but at his chest.
‘What was it, Sherlock?’ He hadn’t meant to sound so angry – God knows if he ever had to think of something that could cause Sherlock to fall back, it would have been this – but seeing him like this was almost too much for him.
James hadn’t come to see him once. And John had given up.
‘Sherlock…’ John reached out to him, pulling him to his feet and closer to him. Sherlock followed without hesitation. ‘I told you; I want you there. Here. With me.’
‘Sherlock… oh come on, please!’
The second time John doesn’t notices it until it has passed.
But he can hear the slamming of car doors in the distance and Greg’s voice, is carried over the wind. He has to hurry.
John’s ragged breathing sounded wet –
‘Shut up!’
‘I’m right here, Sherlock,’ he reassured him. ‘Not going anywhere. I promise.’ He pulled his phone out of his pocket when Sherlock was under the covers and texted Greg as quick as he could. He waited until he got a response from the man – asking him how Sherlock was and where he found him – before sending a reply and telling him to leave them be for the rest of the night. He shut his phone of and after a few reassuring words to Sherlock, went downstairs to get some water. He made as much noise as he could, to assure the man upstairs he hadn’t left the building. When he got back upstairs he crawled under the duvet, next to Sherlock, immediately pulling his closer to him. The taller man instantly placed his head on John’s chest, wrapping his arms tightly around him. The man was freezing – side effect of the heroin, John listed to himself – and John pulled the covers closer to them both.
but he couldn’t hear what he was saying to Mary on the phone. But whatever it was, Mary straightened her back –
Here, in the hospital, John is back again but it provides no comfort.  He can’t tell him. He can’t promise him things will be alright anymore. It is out of both their hands and Sherlock is not sure whether or not to hate the image his mind provides him – it might be the last of John he’ll ever see.
'Sherlock?’
‘James…’
Sherlock could have watched them for ages and not get bored.
‘Now you know how it felt when you two ganged up on me last night.’
‘Will do.’ He hung up.
and John didn’t even knew what words he was saying out loud, if he made any kind of sense at all, but Sherlock was crying now and John tried to tighten his hold.
Sherlock can feel his hands trembling, but he presses. With every ounce of strength he has, he presses. ‘Careful, Sherlock. Not too hard. That’s it. Right there, keep it there. They’re coming, Sherlock. Just a bit longer.’
Lestrade laughed at John’s response and Sherlock could hear John slapping the DI’s arm. ‘Come off it. What if he doesn’t like it? Or what if he says no? You heard him when he gave his speech. Oh God, what am I thinking…’
‘Sher…’
With a snarl he pushed the ‘two’ and it was answered after the first ring.
‘Come here,’ James muttered. But Sherlock shook his head.
To this day he still didn’t know exactly why he chose that night to call his brother and ask for help.
Without releasing John’s hand, Sherlock moved closer, pressing himself against John’s back. James’ gaze moved from John to him now and Sherlock moved his head in a silent invitation before he lowered his head. He knew where James had kissed John before; he could see the trail of saliva behind his left ear. And when Sherlock’s lips touched that same of part him, John trembled in response.
But John turned his face to Sherlock and he could feel his control spiralling out of control at the sight of him. John’s hand was trembling when he reached and grabbed Sherlock’s neck, pulling their mouths together again. It wasn’t a kiss; they both lacked the focus for that. But their lips and teeth grazed as James continued to push up into John.
And with a shout against Sherlock’s lips, John came. James didn’t slow down for him though and John quivered, struggling to stay upright as wave after wave of pleasure wrecked him. Sherlock followed not long after. The sounds being forced from John’s throat and James insistent finger pulled him over the edge and that was when James allowed himself to let go.
James chuckled deeply, but he undid his trousers anyway. He stepped out of them and his pants followed his trousers to the floor shortly after and John moved away from Sherlock to crawl on the bed along with James.
This is it.
And Sherlock knew John. He knew John would have stayed if Sholto had let him closer. He was like that, unwilling to give up. Ready to fight. Always the soldier.
‘’No, John. I – ‘’ Sherlock swallows down the panic rising in his throat. He has no choice. ‘’There is something you should know before… My back is… when I was away, I was…’’
Sherlock’s muscles feel heavy and he can feel John’s breathing slow down to match his own. John’s fingers have found his curls and he, very carefully, threads his fingers through them. Sherlock sighs deeply, nestling closer to his lover –
Sherlock would never forget the sound of John’s breath leaving him. He would never forget the way John’s body sagged in the wheelchair, how heavy he felt in his arms. And the blood, John’s blood on his hands as he tried to remove John’s clothing out the way with trembling fingers.
Mycroft Holmes.
‘Where will you go?’
The months and years sort of blended together after he discovered cocaine and it wasn’t until he was left shaking and vomiting in a dingy alleyway somewhere that he spotted the date on a discarded newspaper.
'Yes.' Sherlock didn't want him to finish that sentence for some reason. Next year, he told himself. He would fight for next year.
Good, Sherlock thinks. If he were to see him again, he would tear him apart with his bare hands.
‘Him,’ James retorted with a grin. ‘On your wedding. The entire speech. It was… painful to watch to be completely honest. You really didn’t…’
She doesn’t mean
He’s licking his lips. Sherlock can hear it. John is fidgeting in his seat, uncertain, thinking his words over. Oh for God’s sake, there is no need for his eyes when it comes to John’s worrying.
Sherlock raises his hand to his cheek, feeling the stubble there and he has to admit it; it feels dreadful. And who else but John does he trust with this? He nods and Sherlock can hear the smile on John’s exhale. It’s peculiar, how easy he managed to tune his hearing to John. Or perhaps it isn’t. Perhaps nothing has ever been more obvious.
‘Yeah?’
Sherlock smiled softly and with weak legs, stumbled to the bathroom. He wet the flannel quickly, rubbing himself clean, before rinsing it again and he went back. He stopped in his tracks at the sight that greeted him.
, Sherlock thought to himself and his eyes fluttered closed. But, like with John, there was no question about who was in control. James consumed. He owned. Claimed. Sherlock’s knees grew weak with the implication and he heard John make a desperate sound in the back of his throat.
‘’Fine,’’ Sherlock mutters on an exhale, but he knows John won’t believe him.
A few weeks later, he suddenly found himself with a friend.
When the light had been of, he could have pretended not to see what was right in front of him. He could have pretended not to know that the glass rolling over the floor was an empty syringe. He might have convinced himself Sherlock was sluggish because he was devastated and exhausted. He wouldn’t have to see the paleness of the detective’s face, the angry looking mark on his outstretched arm, the hanging eyes and constricted pupils.
It made Sherlock sick that the only time he could feel John’s lips with his own was when he had been forcing his air into John’s struggling lungs.
‘John?’
Christ.
‘Don’t,’ he whispered. ‘Sherlock and I… we talked before and after things went wrong with your wife. He doesn’t blame you. Never has. The man loves you, John.’ John nodded silently as James pressed a kiss behind his ear. ‘We both do.’
‘If we had done that, we wouldn’t have had proof,’ Sherlock argues back. ‘Now we do.’
‘Nothing. Was kinda hoping you would tell us some better news.’ John could hear murmuring on the background and Greg shutting them up with an angry growl. ‘Sorry ‘bout that. Thing are crazy here. But what do you mean ‘tore the place up?’’
They had to be quiet. John can hear the police cars getting close now. Won’t be long…
Sherlock knew he had Sholto to thank for John’s stammered apology and explanation. For their feelings to be laid bare after all those years. He knew it had been because of his pressing and convincing that John had dared to take the plunge at all. Sherlock had thanked Sholto in private when John was away for work and he had taken his advice to heart.
‘You ready for it?’
Yes, you do, Sherlock thought to himself. You deserve so much more than either of us can give you, John Watson. But we can try. We can try to be enough.
‘Jesus fucking Christ!’ John pushed back to him, ensuring that Sherlock’s finger was all the way inside of him and James mumbled something approvingly but Sherlock couldn’t decipher the words.
John glanced around again. ‘Hiding places.’
They have been running on fumes trying to catch a serial killer before he makes his fourth victim. Sherlock and John, side by side, miles ahead of the Yard, entered the suspect’s safe house without much difficulty, but inside proved more of a challenge. Immediately on their passing into the large bedroom, a scream distracted them – the next victim, tied up and gagged, but damn she had a good pair of lungs on her – followed by a baseball bat hitting John’s gun straight out of his hands. John grabs the bat without thinking and what follows is a scuffle that leads both him and the suspect tumbling down the stairs.
‘Good morning.’
‘Honestly John, if you think I’d enjoy waking up, sticking all over…’
The kiss is slow. Soft. A perfect mirror for all the years it took for them to get here. Sherlock isn’t aware that he is holding on to John’s jumper until the older man wraps him arms around him to pull him closer, deepening the kiss at the same time. But it is still slow, as if they have all the time in the world and perhaps, Sherlock thinks as they pull away gasping, they do now. Finally.
‘You should invite him.’
‘Sh’lock…’
'If you stop reading, I'll give up writing.' Morning, Sherlock.
Your reactions mean the world to me. Please, let me know what you think of it so far.
‘You know him Greg. He’ll think it sentimental drivel; he said so himself! God, I'm such an idiot.’
‘For 32 seconds I forced your heart to beat. In those 32 seconds I filled your lungs, twice, with my air.’
It might be a bit not good but it felt unfair not to try. Sherlock might have been called selfish on multiple occasions and he would have to agree if he was honest, but when it came to John, there wasn’t anything he would not do.
Sherlock paused outside the door when he heard John and Lestrade talking on the other side. They had been ready to go home after some gruelling paperwork when John had disappeared from his sight. Sherlock frowned, wondering what it was the two men were talking about. What on Earth was John not ready for?
The way his name rolled of John’s tongue… How could Sherlock resist?
The name escapes from his lips before he can stop it and the fingers stop for a moment. Sherlock opens his eyes and finds himself looking up at John’s face wearing the same expression as the John in his mind palace. The fingers continue to message his temples and a sigh of relief escapes him as the pain falls away slowly. He feels his mind palace falls gradually back into place while John's voice surrounds him.
John angrily put his phone away and zipped up his coat when he heard a thump from upstairs. He froze, disbelieving, before running up the stairs and throwing his door open.
John took a deep breath before bringing their lips together again, this time with more force. James responded just as fervently. John’s chest felt ready to explode. Here he was, between the men he loved most in his life, the two men who had changed his life forever. And if James noticed that John’s eyes were burning with unshed tears, he didn’t mention it.
‘Sherlock…’ John sounded unsure but James shook his head.
This time Sherlock grabs him, pulling his close and pressing his mouth on his. John knows Sherlock must taste himself on his lips, but he doesn’t seem to care. On the contrary, the kiss turns rather heated, very fast and they only break up when they hear the disgruntled voice of Greg Lestrade behind them.
‘Jesus, look at you two,’ John managed to get out. ‘I’m… James, God…’
Sherlock followed the movement diligently. James was a handsome man, scars and all. He had thought so upon first meeting him. Strong, sturdy, a presence to be reckoned with despite his discomfort with crowds – he reminded him of John in many ways.
‘So we’re stuck in the closet,’ Sherlock repeats and John nods, grin still plastered on his face. ‘Both figuratively and literally.’
John swallowed and rose his face so he could meet Sherlock’s curious gaze. ‘But it was dangerous. Not just getting caught but the risks of being out there. He nearly got blown up once and I…’
Oh, how Sherlock loved doing this. The flush of John’s skin, his moans and grunts. His reddened lips, still swollen and moist from when he sucked Sherlock to completion mere moments before Sherlock had pushed him to his back, slicked up his fingers, and pressed them inside.
He pressed his fingers there where John wanted them the most, massaging the gland hidden inside of him and John’s back arched of the bed. The muscles flexed and relaxed around Sherlock’s  fingers as he came, a shout escaping him.
And John… John was nervous. He rambled, desperate to fill up the silences that fell, keeping their glasses filled. Sherlock made a vague mental note to enhance John’s acting skills. But if James noticed, he didn’t comment on it.
Next year Sherlock found himself dead.
John sighed deeply, hiding his face away against Sherlock’s chest and for a moment Sherlock feared that he had gone too far. That John would deny everything. That he had ruined the newly found contact between the two men. But John, as ever, surprised him.
– he looked up to meet John’s eyes.
‘Christ, Sherlock…’
‘’You hid this from me… all that time,’’ John doesn’t pull away from Sherlock’s hands and Sherlock let himself trace the lines of John’s face. He feels a sharp pain in his chest when another tear catches on his finger. John isn’t supposed to cry. Never again. He made that promise to himself.
Good thing he and mrs Hudson had checked every single hiding place a week before. Sherlock had been tremendously bored due to a lack of interesting cases – at least, they had been incredibly dull to him. When Greg had appeared in front of their front door this morning and Sherlock accepted his case, everyone had breathed out a sigh of relief.
Wait.
He let go of John’s hips and moved his hands to his front. Sherlock’s fingers brushed James’ chest in the process, earning him a shiver from the other man, but he moved on. Later, Sherlock told himself. If he could, he would do that later.
Sherlock realised he was going to be kissed by James a moment before it happened.
‘’You stupid idiot. You absolute cock. Never again, you hear me. You can never allow me to hurt you again. Sherlock… you deserve better.’’
He snorts and Sherlock can practically feel John’s angry gaze settle on him now. ‘You just had to go on ahead didn’t you?’ he hisses. Sherlock doesn’t even bother to try and hide his eye rolling now. ‘No, Sherlock, stop that! Greg was only a couple of minutes behind us. We could have had him by now!’
‘He told you,’ he accused and James smiled in response.
John grabs Sherlock’s hips again with his free hand, hard enough to leave bruises for him to fuss over in the morning – Sherlock will no doubt flaunt them as much as he can like he always does – and he takes him down as far as he can.
‘Lanky git,’ John whispers fondly and Sherlock managed a smile in response.
James hummed around him and Sherlock loosened his arms around John a little, content to simply watch them. He was still pressed against John’s back and Sherlock could feel John leaning into him. Sherlock wished he was standing next to them. He couldn’t keep his eyes on them both like this and the angle of John’s face was all wrong. He was missing too much.
He cups his own erection as he gives a slow stroke of his tongue over the head.
James tightened his hand on Sherlock’s thigh. ‘Yes,’ Sherlock breathed out. ‘Yes, John, please…’ And he slid his finger inside of John.
James snorted and John frowned. ‘What?’
James said nothing but Sherlock could feel him speed up his movements. John cried out. He was close, Sherlock knew. And he could come like this, without a hand on him; Sherlock had been responsible for it a couple of times. James seemed to know this as well. He was relentless, placing his feet on the bed so he could drive his hips up with a higher speed and more force.
‘John…’
And Sherlock was alright with that.
John wished he hadn’t.
‘Come on,’ he mutters and he moves away from Sherlock to check up on their convict – still unconscious, thank God!
‘I’m here Sherlock…’
But it isn’t. John’s pulled through and in recovery. Stable. No vital organs hit. A bloody miracle. That’s his John. A miracle in every sense of the word.
Oh that voice. Sherlock swallowed, his eyes meeting John’s briefly. He looked gorgeous like this. Cheeks flushed, pupils blown wide and his shortly cropped hair an absolute mess. And that smile! John was happy and Sherlock’s heart did something wild in response.
On the other hand, her uncle was continuously checking on his Mate. He nuzzled her, sniffing her all over between bites of his own. He allowed her to take some of his bunny when she asked for it, licking his muzzle tenderly in thanks.
when he’s dealing with other Wolves or with family or Pack. He’s an oversized lapdog any other time.”
“And Sherrinford?”
Lucy’s eyes widened further, focusing her intense concentration and a surprising amount of admiration on him. “How did you find out about the men, Uncle Sherrinford?”
“You are the world’s leading expert on Lupus sapiens. You would be the best at devising a method of testing logic retention as well as running the test itself.”
Pressing another kiss to her aching forehead, he murmured, “I’ll be back shortly. I’ll send John in here to check on you. I am, after all, not a human doctor.”
Concerned, he nuzzled one of her arms, huffing along the length to her neck, which he licked, making the girl jump awake. The motion startled him and he leapt back with a soft yelp.
, he thought, thankful (Not that he’d tell Mycroft that) as he pulled the fabric over his skin, noting how irritating it was after the soft fur that he had worn for much of the last twelve hours.
Trying not to favor the ‘bumleg’ from Afghanistan as he thought about the Bite, he limped slightly into the sitting room and sunk onto the well-worn sofa with an elongated sigh. Life was speeding on, he realized. Not only his own life, but he had a daughter who was currently pulling delicious smelling garlic bread from the oven.
A hand gripped his arm tightly. “I know. You see Thomas as a little you and you don’t want him to live your life. I understand that but don’t put that responsibility on yourself, don’t do it. What you’re doing now - outside of the family - is already changing that. You’re helping your species, including Thomas and all of your patients. You’re changing their lives, Sherrinford.”
“What?” Sherlock stood, averting his attention from the older man and onto him.
Sherlock leaned into him heavily, Sherrinford mirroring his stance with Molly, his body covering her legs.
“So long as the little one is not acting up, I’d love a run!” the teacher replied, holding a hand out to the arriving Thomas and Benedict, letting the Pup snuffle her fingers before he placed his head eagerly beneath her hand, ready for a pat. His twin, not to be outdone, wrapped his arms around her neck and gave her a sloppy kiss on the cheek before moving on to climb over Sherrinford and onto her lap.
It surprised him that it was Mycroft that had spoken, his eyes locked on those of his youngest brother. “We should run more thorough tests on the transformation center employees. They have access to all the information and a stronger desire to read it than most of the population, Sherrinford. Some know too much. Including who their charges are.”
Pursing his lips and striding into the living room, he cocked an eyebrow at his younger sibling’s broad back. Sherrinford was looking out the window, his head cocked slightly to the side.
Not needing anymore reassurances, the powerful haunches bunched and the Lupus Sapiens leapt onto the bed, making the mattress sink under his weight. Slowly, Sherrinford nestled up next to her, his heat relaxing her body further as it called for sleep. With a smile, she carefully laid one twin against his flank and the other against his shoulder blade. Nostrils flared, his long neck snaked his wedge-shaped head around to his hip, sniffing the furthest twin before giving him a small lick and moving onto his twin. With a rumble, he nuzzled this one, really sniffing and licking him.
“I’d really like that,” she murmured back, tucking her hair behind her ear, knowing that she was blushing.
“Thank you,” he breathed,
. “Yes, but his job is of little importance to anyone who isn’t a werewolf. And there are so few.” He stood, pushing his chair back, the hair on the back of his neck bristling at the notion that his secret, and that of his younger sibling, was going to be revealed to the little girl that they both deeply cared for. “Shouldn’t your teacher actually teach you something of importance? Like how to differentiate soil based on the amount of loam, silt, sand, and clay with in it? Or how about the
Her mobile rang shrilly, pulling her from her rampaging thoughts. She picked it up, noting the screen.
_______________________________________________
A rumble, weak, human growls, erupted. A thrill of terror raced through him and he froze. The hair on the back of his neck rose and he fought back the growl that threatened to overflow his bounds. Mycroft’s hand slapped him on the shoulder, snapping him back to reality. He inhaled shakily. “Thanks.”
He tried to stop his nostrils as they fluttered with little success, his eyes watching his charges as they filed into the gymnasium. It’s a small miracle that Lestrade was able to convince them to use the training facility’s space. He had gotten there early, accompanied by his eldest brother and the Detective Inspector, and cleaned the large room. The last thing any of them needed was to have a bunch of Wolves, Shifted outside the Moon, running about amongst half-deflated basketballs, stinky rugby socks, and piles of mats.
John’s hand closed over his arm, calming him even as his heart and mind continued to race. “Let him explain, Sherlock. It can’t be all bad.”
He beamed at her, his lips pressed together in his widest grin. “I’m glad,” he said, following her into her flat. “I’m sorry it’s so early - it’s just...I needed to see you.”
The woman laughed, her greying head tossing back in mirth. “That is true. You need me to take him when Myc gets here?”
“Well, thank you,” he smiled, “And yourself?”
Mycroft Holmes, looking surprisingly comfortable with a Browning in his hand, gave him a sharp nod and gestured to one of the side tunnels before pointing to himself.
“I’m still experiencing blackouts when...when...”
“Of course,” the soldier replied, accepting the keys and the access card, sliding them into a pocket, heading towards the door. “Are you coming, Evy?”
He heard a pair of growls rise from the other end of the line. “You’re on speaker.”
Mycroft sighed, giving him a small nod. “Glad you could come,” he murmured, “Meet your nephews: Thomas and Benedict.” The man shifted his arms slightly, allowing him enter and snuffle about the babies.
The Pup began to amble about on Imogen’s torso, tripping over his own feet as he continued to search for food, mewling all the while. The woman winced at the shrill sound even as her fingers continued to pet the little being. “And, as much as I love you and wish to remain here at your side, I should probably get him his bottle and give him to Sherlock. He’ll keep the insufferable git’s mind busy for an hour or two.”
She nodded, biting her lips nervously. With a soft smile, he generously applied the cool, blue gel to his sister-in-law’s abdomen before laying his hands over the rounded area. Pausing, he began to slowly rub the gel, feeling the babies beneath his fingers try to move in their cramped quarters. The child on the left side twitched a bit but did not object to his attentions (
“Good.”
The meal passed quickly, everyone feeling excited if slightly stressed about the upcoming evening and the following day. The Wolves ate as if it were the end of the world, as did Molly, who was eating for three, one of which was a Natural Born Lupus sapiens. The dishes emptied rapidly and Mycroft’s cake was consumed in hearty bites until nothing was left. The detective rose and cleared the plates, loading them into the dishwasher one by one.
His mobile buzzed, drawing his attention to the inevitable complaint text from Sherrinford. He’d have to find another babysitter for Thomas if he couldn’t escape the delegates and government officials that would be touring the facility.
Mycroft, being the eldest and obviously most wanted son, had enjoyed a rather privileged youth, in his opinion. He, on the other hand, had been given away in less than forty-eight hours after his birth due to his genetic inheritance and rather poor control over the matter. His great uncle had been kind but gruff and his childhood had been spent primarily on the run from Hunters with the elderly man, a wealth of scotch, and a lot of territorial wolf fights. Escaping the home for school at age ten, even a boarding school where the head master, who asked no questions and locked him in a large closet (And then the spare gymnasium) for the Full Moons, was a bit of a relief. Unfortunately, due to his ‘odd’ behaviors (That he had taught himself to curb to appear more ‘human’ during his teenaged years) and his strange disappearances, he never made any true friends there and had begun to plan a true escape to a place where he would fit in. A place where, even if he had to make it on his own, he would be loved for who and what he was. University in England, in the same country where he knew the family that had given him up resided, seemed like the wise first step.
It was days like today that he was glad that he had a home office. It was the perfect new addition to his Downing Street abode (Not that anyone knew that he lived at 15 Downing Street - within shouting distance of the Prime Minister, except, of course, the Prime Minister). Sherlock had suggested the soundproofing, which was certainly an ear-saver, but the door was created to appear like a part of the wall even though he could see straight through it That way, if Molly needed him, she only needed to stand outside the door. The twins did not know about the office and he planned to keep it that way.
ENGLAND IS MINE
He knew that Sherlock was tailing them and it irked him a bit (Fine. It irked him to no end). It was difficult to concentrate on Imogen when his Alpha was wandering, not so inconspicuously, behind him. The detective had been trailing him all evening, ‘eating’ at the back of their Indian restaurant, and was now he was traipsing about with his popped collar and blue scarf about a block behind them.
“Chinese?” Evelyn asked hopefully, smiling up at him. He beamed back, his worries forgotten for a while.
. Needless to say, she was intrigued by the Holmes family (And through them, the Watson family), and she was totally in love with Sherrinford Holmes.
“Immy!”
Sherlock rose and strode to an abandoned fire barrel, the scent of slightly singed Wolfsbane growing sharper with each stride. He ran a finger around the barrel rim before tilting the barrel and grasping a bit of the crispy black leaf at the bottom. “His attention was lured over here by a well-timed, small explosion and the burning scent of Wolfsbane, not that he would have known what it was - most likely, just that it smelled repulsive.”
child and
Click.
“I’ll browse it tonight. We can talk tomorrow if I have any questions.”
The Wolf cocked an eyebrow muscle sarcastically but brushed by her anyway. She grinned, watching him trot over to her couch, grab the pink terrycloth bathrobe in his mouth, and made him way into her washroom, closing the door behind him. The teacher bit back a chuckle, finding his modesty cute, especially since his Shift was being televised globally on nearly every channel imaginable and probably would be for months to come.
, she realized, remembering Sherlock’s hesitancy almost a decade ago.
), understood the gesture and tenderly placed the finicky child against his belly. It was far enough away from his injury that Thomas shouldn’t injure him further but close enough that he could feel and hear his heartbeat. Unable to bend as agilely as he had wanted to, he draped his tail over the fussy babe and rumbled in his chest as Sherlock shifted to rest his head over his flank, nosing at the Pup.
The light that streamed into the darkened chamber came from the two windows. One hung above him on the wall, leaving a square, cut and bisected by what he knew to be metal bars over impenetrable glass, of sunlight on the floor. The second was smaller still. It was the observatory window in the heavy, iron and silver door to his home. His cell.
He was grateful but he missed the distraction at times like this. Nothing was coming to him. Nothing was making sense. All the leads that he had chased all over London today had been dead ends. He had run through several firms and had eventually come across the firm that had hired Trevor Stevenson fresh out of Oxford. They claimed the boy had been a good worker, that he had done well. Then, suddenly, ten years ago, they needed to downsize. Trevor was the only one who had lost his job.
A relieved exhale reached her ears as the man rested his head agains the glass. “Thank you, Imogen. I-I don’t know how to repay you. I know that it can’t be easy, going against your family.”
The man’s flush deepened. “I would love that,” he replied, shifting and rolling from the bed, the sheets tumbling away to reveal his toned physique. With a cock-eyed grin, the werewolf asked, “Breakfast?”
The sound of John’s feet on the stairs reached his ears but he didn’t move, simply listening to the other man’s descent. The strong, sturdy body of the army doctor settled beside him, a rough hand tugging at his ears and his brow with soft mutters and reassurances. It was comforting, soothing, to know that John was with him. His Mate in every sense of the word but one. He knew, no matter what happened, he would protect this man to the last. The world might be less than ideal but it would certainly be a much darker place without John Watson.
Needing to do something about the rather sterile room and the invasive expectant parent smell that clung to every surface, he finished placing his clothing in the closet and began to strip his clothing off, willing the Shift in order to claim the room as his own. He shook his coat out, the loose fur falling all about his body, his claws scratching the wooden floor. The room shifted when he was on four legs, making him notice the doggie door in the main door, allowing him to leave the room while leaving the door closed and keeping his more mobile niece and nephew out of his room.
Sherlock bumped his leg again, causing him to stumble a bit as they reached the gate of Baskerville but shaking him from his thoughts. Giving one of the massive triangular ears a scratch in gratitude, he pulled Mycroft’s keycard and key out of his pocket. The guards, armed to the teeth in case of an escape (There had never been one at Baskerville but other Transformation Centers had had break outs), looked at the two wolves impassively, obviously aware of who they were. “Good Evening, Dr. Watson,” the older guard, a corporeal intoned, raising the gate for them to pass through. “The moor is certainly beautiful tonight.”
Mycroft found himself barely suppressing a large yawn that morphed into a heavy sigh. “You want me to take Benedict or you want them both?”
He raised an eyebrow, glad that John kept up on his Lupus sapiens politics. He was one, but he simply went about his life at this point. He realized that, due to his sociopathy and genius level intellect, he had never quite fit into social norms even when he had be completely human. His oddities, whether they existed before he was Bitten or not, were simply passed off as part of his ‘social disorder.’ His Mind Palace had no use for unneeded government restrictions on his ‘kind.’ Mycroft would get him out of anything anyway - he always did. Just keep himself from getting caught to keep his family out of it, save his own reputation, that was the only thing that he needed care about regarding being a Wolf. John could (and did) keep track of the rest.
“No,” he whispered, again tilting his head to his Alpha. “But I ask that you give me the opportunity to tell her - about me, about us - if she proves trustworthy. If my nose - my body is being honest with me.” He looked up, feeling like a pup that was being scolded for playing with his Alpha’s tail. “I hope it’s true.” He inhaled shakily. “I’ve been alone for so long. My biological imperative isn’t to be alone even if I deserve to be.”
“Fine,” Mycroft replied, his steps ascending the stairs slowly as he talked, “Her waters broke about an hour ago. Now she’s in the tub.”
He chuckled, an odd, rumbly growl deep in his chest. He knew that the other man, from his current behavior, was overthinking their relationship and any further steps they could take. His child (Their child), would be thrilled if they became a true couple in all sense of the word. And he was not opposed to it either, despite his asexual tendencies. John made him feel things that he had locked away for so long…He rumbled happily. “If you say so,” John murmured, squeezing his ribs and pulling his head against his own, clearly scenting him.
The woman’s face became serious. “For what?” she queried, “Wanting to raise our own child to the best of our abilities or for giving you a place to stay while you generously help us with our Pup? Because both are things that we all want and they are making us so happy. Though I am ready to be done with this bedrest business. I feel so lazy, it’s ridiculous.”
Sherlock was being reasonable - for once. He had insisted on a display of dominance, one which he had initiated, wanting to get it over with before going to greet the young woman in the living room. No need to scare her with theatrics, not tonight anyway.
really strong. It’s blocking the scent of the murderer. Unless
Whimpering woke him from his bed on the floor of 221C with a start, his ears and head shooting up.
The room, a sitting room complete with chairs and end tables, had blood splattered on the walls, painting their light blue paint with scarlet drops. The carpet, an old, moth-eaten Parisian rug had been a light blue and brown pattern, was now a deep navy, soaked with blood. The body that was sprawled in the middle of the room was relatively young, only mid-thirties by his estimate. He had been shot twice: Once in the chest and once in the head.
“Hmmm, yes,” the British Government intoned. “I can see how that could be a problem.” Another sharp bark followed. “Oh, Brother, do shut up - you’ll wake Evelyn. There is nothing that you can do now.” A warning growl split the silence. Sherlock was not pleased. “We’ll be back in the morning. He’s smart but he won’t be able to hide - not this time.”
“This is like Christmas! I’m going to be the only person in my class who’s actually going to meet Wolves and see them up close! Do you think they’ll let me watch them transform?” She turned away from the window briefly to meet her father’s blue eyes.
difference, then, please, train me with the dogs. Or, better yet, get Holmes to do it. If he instituted a program on Moon nights, he’d get all the K13s to sign up. He’s respected in both communities and he knows what we’re capable of.”
“Hmmm.” John cocked one of his eyebrows before reaching across the divide to borrow his laptop. “Let’s check the old blog, shall we?”
The buzz of her doorbell made her jump and smile. She rushed through her flat, jumping over a jumble of shoes that she should have picked up, and buzzed the incredible man that she could call her own into her apartment. “Come on up!” she called, pushing the button that unlocked the door downstairs, listening to the buzzing with the brightest smile on her face. After a count of ten, knowing that it had to be difficult to open a door with paws, she released the buzzer and opened her door.
His younger brother laughed and he found himself snorting derisively. He was always fascinating and extraordinary - just ask John. Mycroft rolled his eyes and helped his pregnant wife sit, her back propped and supported by pillows.
The teen relinquished her grip on the older woman and gestured them towards the table with a worried look on her face. “What about Uncle Ford?” she asked, her voice quiet.
“How do you know?” John countered at the same time.
position in the British Government, would not bode well for any of them.
“Oh Wanda!” his father called from the opening front door, “The boys are here!”
“I don’t see why not,” the detective stated, leaning back in his chair, arms crossed. “Is Sherrinford available?”
Rising a bit stiffly, he pulled his robe tighter about his thin frame and walked to the door of 221B. He opened the door and leaned against the frame, smiling broadly yet tight-lipped at the two people who were making their way up the stairs.
). He may know more on the subject than I do (
Molly raced into his arms, the crying Benedict held to her chest. “I couldn’t calm them down. I couldn’t! They hate me! I’m a horrible mother! I can’t even keep my sons happy!”
, he mused. Looking at the woman that his little girl was becoming, he realized that she needed to spend some time with Molly. While his body was changing, her’s was too (Though it was certainly in a more natural way). He had attempted to give her the ‘birds and the bees’ talk when she had turned ten, but it did not go well.
The portly, grey haired man had been one of the main antagonists against any liberating changes to the Lupus sapiens bill. The man had made his stance on the ‘afflicted,’ as the older man called them, very clear. The man’s unyielding drive to contain the Wolves, place tougher restrictions on them, force them into quasi-concentration camps, was not without notice. He understood the fear of the unknown but, and it may be his sentiment speaking as well as his need to protect his newborn son, the Wolves were generally peaceful and harmless unless they were provoked. Anyone could see that the Lupus sapiens who where public servants where assets. He saw promise in the new program that Lestrade had begun. Lupus sapiens, Shifted, and working - it held a lot of potential.
“Good luck,” he breathed, knowing that his brother could hear him.
The assembled K13’s, officers, and his family were quite prompt, which he liked.
He growled again, the Wolf so close to the surface he could feel his skin bristle.
“If you visit Uncle Sherrinford after school tomorrow, I’m sure you will. We’re getting closer to the Moon, so he’ll be trying to get more comfortable on four legs. He is a newborn, after all. Newborn Pups are blind, you know.”
Grabbing his mobile off the coffee table, he sent a quick text to his ‘sister-in-law.’ Technically, he was not married to Sherlock and thus Molly was not his ‘sister-in-law,’ but he was the man’s Mate (He flushed at the thought, feeling incredibly pleased about it). It was difficult to determine how to define his relationship with Sherlock Holmes and, through his relationship with that man, his relationship with the rest of the detective’s Pack.
“John,” he murmured, looking up at the man with a roil of emotions pouring through his body.
“Don’t even,” he growled, moving to close the door, “Not every child was lucky enough to be raised by adoring a doting parents, Mycroft.” Not waiting for a response, he closed the door on his insufferable older brother. Bending, he unlocked the doggie door and pulled his t-shirt and jeans off. Kneeling, the floor cool against his skin, he pulled himself toward his four-legged form.
. She smiled, blinking tiredly as she tugged him down to lay beside her. “Stay.”
The greying eyebrows raised and the smile quirked humorously. “Anything, Sherlock?”
, Evelyn reflected with a smile, pulling Benedict close with a smile.
Ignoring any type of social convention, the Alpha shifted to look at the woman he was currently crowding and allowed his eyes to rove up and down her slender, petite frame, ignoring the hand. A growl did rumble about is his throat then, but it was thankfully covered by the noise of the Red Lion patrons. “Do you know the type of people who frequent this pub, Ms. Crowley?” the detective asked, leaning in a bit to scent the woman discreetly, nostrils flaring.
He smiled brightly. “It’s time that you learned that Wolves have characteristics that are retained, regardless of the form, Brother. Namely, their eyes-”
“I made meatball soup and garlic bread and a salad.” She rested her chin on his sternum and looked up at him with his wife’s blue eyes. “I thought we could have family dinner! You, me, Nana, Sherlock, and Uncle Ford.”
The big heads nodded once, the lighter wolf (
“I’m not much of a cook, but I can certainly try!” The man shifted uncomfortably, grabbing her pink robe off the floor with a flourish.
Thankfully, his father left them alone after that, a knowing twinkle in his eyes. His parents were over-protective, and had been since Sherrinford’s ‘death.’ It had only gotten worse since his own Turning; he could smell the worry in their loving scents along with something else. His father, at least, seemed pleased that he and John had found each other, and had created a rather unconventional life together.
“Molly’s gone to bed and I’ll be right behind her. Still determined to take the night shift?” the Government asked, his eyes carrying a tired glint in their depths.
“No,” Sherrinford said from the doorway, his face a composed mask as he looked at the corpse of the man that he had Turned nearly a decade ago. “Wolfsbane has a strong odor. It prevents our sensitive olfactory scent from picking up anything else. Probably out of self-preservation.”
“A bit, yeah,” the younger man replied a bit harshly. “I don’t need it smelling like Alpha. That’s one of the reasons I sleep in the spare bedroom at 221.”
The New Moon was surprisingly difficult to bear. He was, admittedly, more jittery and on edge than usual for obvious reasons.
He rose, stalking to the fridge and pulling out a honey-roasted ham. He threw it on the counter and cut into it with gusto. The Moon was in a couple of days and his energy level and hunger were both rising. As he ate, chewing vigorously, he began to work out the semantics of the Moon. He would Shift for the night (
Sherrinford eventually made his way home, well-past dinner, in his four-legged form. Mycroft had accompanied him, much to his chagrin and disappointment at the unexpected visitor. It wasn’t that he disliked his elder brother - they had reached an understanding years ago when he had first Turned. No, it was because the older man’s scent was becoming stronger as his twins’ due date was nearing and it was clinging to what seemed to be every inch of the sitting room and kitchen of 221B. He suppressed a growl, as the two men entered, noting that his younger sibling was trotting along happily, tail raised like a banner as it wagged jovially. The overgrown dog continued through the flat and into his bathroom, nudging the door shut behind him. “Sherrinford,” he stated in greeting, eyebrows raised at the closed door before he focused on his elder brother. “Mycroft. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“We’ve had a Code Moonlight.”
He shook his head, looking down at his mate who rolled his eyes again before licking his wrist tenderly. “What are we going to do with them, Sherlock?” he chuckled, scratching the other man’s ears jovially. “A pair of children - the two of them.”
) was evident. “It’s...good to see you, Darling.”
. A warmth settled in his chest at the thought, knowing that he didn’t want to risk what he had with the man and child he loved either.
The woman beside him rubbed her stomach gingerly, a slight pain flickering across her features, drawing his attention as well as Mycroft’s. “Are you alright, Darling?”
Blind, his blue eyes closed in this form, the little one stumbled, gathering his stubby legs beneath him. The baby fell, tripping over his new mobility, into his stomach. He grunted but made no other complaint. The little one would need his closeness in his vulnerable state.
Click.
“You already do,” Mycroft chuckled, rubbing the small of her back and pressing a kiss to her brow before continuing into the ensuite bath.
“Stop it, Sher,” his spouse waved the compliment away. “I feel like a whale.”
He cocked an eyebrow, nostrils flaring.
Sherlock sighed, torn. Something within him longed to hold the man to him; something that his Wolf from could not do for his lack of hands.
“Don’t be ridiculous!” he fired back, “I love Evelyn as much as you do! She’s our Pup! I’d never think of leaving her without her father!”
____________________________________________
Titling his head, in an attempt to look cowed, he muttered, “We have several members in our K13 units whom are Lupus sapiens. The Yard takes care of their own, so why not others?”
“What do you say to the proceedings, Mycroft?”
As sunset neared, he finished the preparations of the tanks and made his way back to the apartment and his Pack. He opened the door to find Sherlock sitting on the couch, eyes closed, hands under his chin. Molly looked uncomfortable, her hand pressed against the (no doubt Shifting) baby and Mycroft looked bored. “How is everything?” the detective asked quietly, shutting the door behind him as his eyes opened slowly.
I WILL REMAIN AT 221B FOR THE MOON. - SH
Evelyn beamed, very proud of her uncles - all three of them - for their work with the werewolves. She might not know any Wolves personally, but she did know the men who had discovered the species and had worked to give them equal rights after they were Turned. Though why her Uncle Sherlock didn’t want her to learn of his or his siblings’ involvements in this important issue, she had no idea. Looking around her classroom at her peers, she was certain that she could not say the same for them. Many looked utterly terrified at the notion of real werewolves while others looked like they wanted to mount their heads on their walls like trophies.
“Thank God, Sherrinford! Tell John that I am fine!”
“Yes,” he replied kindly, reaching out to place a hand on the soldier’s shoulder. “I need to welcome them, acclimatize to their scents.”
His nose led him to a set of three tables at the back of the pub. The wolves lurked in the rear shadows, pints of half consumed Guinness placed in front of them. They were all somber, eyes down at the water rings on the tables. They were all wearing black. Tilting his head slightly while standing ramrod straight, he approached the nearest group who eyed him warily.
His mobile dinged, alerting him to a in-coming text. He shifted his gaze, fingers continuing to fly on the keys of his laptop.
“Hello,” Lucy said softly, waving at the pair. The Wolf whined, tail going, ears pricked and attentive.
“A few ground rules before we begin. No photography and no recording is allowed on grounds, seeing as the men here are, in fact men, and, like myself, are unable to give verbal consent to being captured on film and then placed on the internet. Do not touch any of the Wolves without expressed permission. Do not taunt them. Do not feed them. They are men but have the instincts of a wild animal as well. They should be treated with respect, as one would treat a strange dog that happened to have the intelligence to understand what you are saying. If you have questions, please feel free to ask them. My brother, Mycroft Holmes, will be on hand to speak about anything that piques your curiosity. He is well-versed in the world of Lupus sapiens and is also the acting Deputy Director of Baskerville as well as my mouthpiece when my lips are no longer able to form words.” He smirked slightly, setting the crowd chuckling again.
He took another inhale and Shifted, shaking his coat to it’s full length and luster as his snout and tail erupted and his paws gripped the carpet fibers. With a soft whine, he extricated himself from the remains of his pants. The eyes that were focused on him in his struggle made him self-conscious, his ears flattening themselves against the sides of his wedge-shaped skull and he retreated several steps until his tail brushed the back wall. He fixed Mycroft in his wide, overwhelmed gaze, needing the man to get him out of the suddenly confining flat.
STEVENSON, TREVOR A.
“Yeah,” Mycroft yawned, “I’m exhausted, too, and we’ve still got two babies to think about.”
, he thought, unable to hide his smile, as he nodded, allowing the action to pull him human-ward with a shiver.
. “Eddington,” he said, trying to get his confidence back, “Try to find me a scent besides Stevenson and blood. We have a murderer to find.”
), were aware of his own genetic condition. He did not flaunt it and, when asked about his earthy scent (
He nodded. They had taken enormous strides in their relationship over the last few days in the semi-privacy of the Holmes’ country home. The first night had been filled with exploring and learning, John discovering everything about his ‘new’ body as he learned every line of his. Every twist of scar-tissue, every tracing of hair, every place of arousal. Last night, the night of the Full Moon, they had run together beneath her rays and, as the morning light had taken him from his fur, they had consummated their relationship in the filtered light of the forest, solidifying their dedication to each other, and cementing their status as Alphas of their odd little pack. “You know I don’t care what Sherrinford or anyone else has to say,” he stated, his nose inhaling the wondrous odor of gunpowder and sex and
Click.
“Obviously.” He turned on the sofa, pulling at his dressing gown. “You think that this case is going to drag everything into the light. My family and it’s history, our...relationship, my status. You are worried about Evelyn, and rightly so. If she was left alone for some unforeseeable reason, she is only a child and leaving her with your alcoholic sister would be appalling. She could go to Mycroft and Molly, seeing as Sherrinford would be in the same boat as me, but, more likely than not, she’d wind up with my parents and neither of us want that.”
“Not yet,” Evelyn replied, turning away to grab her mobile to check for any texts. “Uncle Ford says that they’re leaving the Yard now.”
The army doctor simply shook his head, chuckling humorlessly. “Especially when you state it so bluntly, Sherlock.”
The taller man cocked his auburn head. “It hasn’t stopped you,” the other man whispered with a soft smile, his eyes flicking to Molly’s rounded shape. “They are willing to take the same chance.”
“Wow,” her sweet voice breathed as her hands came to rest on his back, rubbing it gently, “You weren’t kidding!”
The facility, part of the River campus, was rather plain on the exterior, and unassuming. On a normal day, no one would suspect that there was a werewolf living there in captivity. But she knew better. As did the hundreds of protestors camped outside, some of whom were supportive of the werewolves, others who were vehemently supportive of her uncle and his racist initiatives.
“Dear Lord,” Mycroft hissed, tossing a handkerchief at the younger man who caught it with a laugh, “Have you no sense of propriety?”
The elderly couple were seated in the main parlor with Molly and Evelyn when he entered, ears pressed flat against his drooping head. He was beyond exhausted and certainly not in the mood to socialize. Sherlock had settled himself onto the floor at John’s feet, allowing Nathaniel and Lucy to pet him and play with him, his tongue lolling out blissfully. Molly held Benedict, a soft maternal smile on her face while Thomas was clutched protectively in Evy’s capable arms, his slumbering human face soft and smiling.
His lips twerked into a small, soft smile. “Thanks, Molly,” he whispered.
Sherlock growled at the insult, so the younger Holmes shoved him out of the way, scampering down the corridor. It diverted the older wolf’s attention long enough to give chase, that all thoughts of being a lapdog were forgotten, their strides beating a tattoo on the slippery linoleum of the hallways and into the packed dirt of the main yard.
He should have known that that question was coming. Friday was well away from the Full Moon. It was also only the first date - she didn’t really have to know. He could gage it and tell her if things seemed to be progressing. It would, however, have to come up at some point early in their relationship. He could not hide what made him distinctly himself.
Hospitals, even one that had been modified for his own patients, were not places he enjoyed. The location of this one, while slightly comforting, also set him on edge. But, in truth, he did not know what the man lying on the bed would do. What could become of him.
“He’s got to die, Immy,” her brother whispered, his hand winding through her hair tenderly. “They all do.”
“Will we be able to see a Shift?” That one earned a cocked eyebrow from both himself and his eldest brother.
“No, he certainly would not.” He flagged down a pub worker and ordered their drinks, picking up the trivia card. “Are you ready?” he asked, shifting their conversation away from his sibling, as his eyes followed the other man as he darted from table to table like a giant bat before finding the green eyes of the teacher again.
) on the other end. “Detective Inspector, I hope that your people are on this.” The lofty tones of Mycroft Holmes cut through the Wolves’ cacophony.
“Because,” he cut in, setting his utensils down on his empty plate, “There are some people that can do that. That’s what I research up at Baskerville. And I help the men, like the four that were bitten, come to terms with the fact that they can become wolves now too. But you mustn’t tell anyone - it’s top secret.”
The space was entirely emptied except for a large cooler, three chairs, and a table covered in files, and piles of gym equipment along the walls, none of which should prove to be a large distraction to the Wolves.
The teenager’s jaw dropped, her blue eyes impossibly wide as they flicked back and forth, scrutinizing him then his other four-legged Pack mate. He slowly pushed the collar towards her, across the table. Noticing the motion, she stared at it, recognizing it immediately. “
“Me too, Evelyn. Me too. Though I’m glad that Uncle Sherrinford took such good care of you.” He could hear the smile in the other man’s voice, which made him flush with pride.
, or wise. There are two types: Natural Born, meaning they are born with the genetic mutation that allows them to transform into a wolf at will; and Turned, meaning they were bitten by a Lupus Sapiens, contracted their DNA through the bite and were mutated from there. A majority of Britain’s werewolf population are Turned with only two registered Natural Born wolves that are documented at this time. Many speculate that there is a Natural Born pack in the country that has refused to register with the government, but it would be impossible to tell.”
Feeling like his heart was being torn out of his chest by a pair of forceps, he nodded, also fighting back tears.
. This topic has been, and continues to be, a topic of hot debate. I ask that everyone approach this topic with an open and understanding mind. While they are rare - less than two thousand live here in Britain, werewolves do live among us and some of you may even know one. Can you do that?”
The other man sighed again, scratching his ears and making his tags jingle. “Thanks, Sherlock.” The fingers in his fur twitched as he pressed closer, practically pulling his rather massive body into the man’s lap. “I miss nights like this. When it’s just us and there’s nothing hanging over our heads.”
He sighed walking away, already nervous and worried and, honestly, overwhelmed by the amount of stimulation his senses were receiving in his human shape. He was unused to the large amount of Wolves in one location. Baskerville had been his domain fourteen years ago. Now it barely held his reticence.
The snort that flew from his nose hurt and he instantly regretted it. The action heaved his chest in an awkward way and sent a sharp pain through his shoulder. He whimpered and tried to shift his right foreleg, only to have it pull on his shoulder, the pain searing through again. Sherlock nipped at his ear, reprimanding him for moving.
The woman shook her head. “I can’t,” she whispered, “Not with a Pup. Too dangerous.” Her hand traced the globe that was her abdomen. “We’re using a midwife and having a home birth. It’d be great if you could keep the twins busy during...I can’t have them running about like the little terrors they are. Too stressful.”
He nodded once, extending his neck to lick his mate’s cheek.
The man was silent, his nostrils flared. “Sherrinford? Please forgive me,” she breathed, so close to the glass that her words fogged it.
She laughed at him, knowing full well that it was his time and their collective stomachs that she was saving. He cooked when it was necessary (
He was at home today because, whether Molly believed it or not, the new twins were coming and they were coming soon. He wouldn’t escape to one of his other offices until those precious babies were in the nursery and Molly was sleeping for more than five hours at a time.
. Following the other man’s gaze, he found himself looking at a rather small, unassuming woman.
“I doubt it. Not with the Pup to attend to and the legislation being brought forward tomorrow.” He watched Evelyn’s brow furrow as she pulled away from him to sit back at the table, pulling her schoolwork towards her. “You’re worried.”
_ _ _ _ _
Sherrinford smiled, lips firmly closed. “Thank you for insisting that this would be a good idea, Eddington. You’re right. It is.” He gestured with his hand. “Please, take you time Shifting. I know that it can be distressing to Shift outside the Moon.”
Bleary, blue eyes blinked open beside her followed by a slow smile. “Good morning, Beloved,” that husky baritone murmured right before the perfect pair of lips met hers passionately. A large, warm hand left her hip to cup her cheek, the thumb running over her cheekbone.
Whether it was because of his authority, it was known that he occupied a minor position in the government, or Sherlock’s terrifying snarl, the crowd dispersed. “Yes,” he replied, brushing a bit of his hair back into place, “The morgue it is.”
“I brought the files that you asked for, Sherrinford,” the grey-haired man stated as he stepped through the door, pausing to take in the foyer, his eyes widening. “Nice place.”
this time.” The man gave him a tight-lipped smile and a clap on the shoulder before allowing one of his hands to brush his Mate’s arm as he left the waiting area to return to his work.
Lestrade couldn’t suppress his chuckle, even as he bit his lower lip to keep it in. “They’re not silver or wood, if that’s what you mean.” He shook his head, ignoring Sherlock’s incredulous glare and barely masked snarl.
“Ta!” she said, hanging up on the man she loved and setting to work. She had some serious cleaning to do.
, he reasoned, unable to shake the fear that had settled in his gut. “And Kensington?”
He completed the man’s sentence for him. “When you shift on the nights of the Full Moon?”
_ _ _ _ _
“Where is my brother?” The detective asked, sweeping into the building with a swirl of his Belstaff, his mobile already in his hand, his thumb rapidly moving over the keys. “He should be here if it’s one of his.”
“Oh, Lord.” John’s shocked yet frustrated groan.
The detective yipped, cocking an eyebrow muscle. “A pair of pups, then,” he responded. The wolf nodded, his face amused but weary, not used to keeping up with the younger, natural born wolf as well as his thirteen year old daughter. Mycroft had the apartment door open for them, probably alerted to their return by the corporeal at the gate, a small smile on his face. “Did we have a good time?” he asked pointedly, looking at the wolves. One, his child’s fingers and legs still wrapped around his thinly muscled body, had suddenly become serious, his blue eyes focused on the older man. Sherlock leaned further into him, protectively, his ears pitched forward.
His feet led him across the hallway to 221C. Evelyn was sitting at the kitchen table, her homework spread out around her. Her large, blue eyes rose to meet his face. “How is he, Uncle Ford?” she asked quietly.
that Lupus sapiens might be. He raised his chin a bit higher, begging the man to challenge him.
Sherlock growled his frustration and headed to the loo, disliking the idea of leaving his clothing there and changing in a tight space. There wasn’t much he could do about it, though.
“When did they arrive?” John asked, ever the doctor and the conversationalist. Everything about the babies’ arrivals was easily readable in Sherrinford’s sunken eyes and slightly hunched shoulders.
The position left the rogue Wolf’s body open for him to take a shot, inhaling slowly, Greg raised his sidearm and leveled it at the beast’s chest, hoping the bullet would weaken the brute at worst, and puncture a lung at best. His hopes were realized as the projectile punched through the grey wolf’s ribcage and the animal’s jaws let go of the doctor’s shoulder. Sherrinford, casting him a quick glance before deferring to his Alpha, did not let go. Sherlock dropped the hind leg and growled low in his throat. With what came across as grim satisfaction, the younger wolf gave his head a violent shake, snapping the grey wolf’s neck.
_ _ _ _ _
“Thank you,” the older man murmured with a soft smile, his eyes darting to his youngest son. “They were quite the surprise.”
The door was titanium, unbreakable and solidly reinforced. It was terrifying and she could only guess what horrors lay beyond it. With a nod, she gestured for the door to be opened and she stepped through.
The kiss that met his full lips gave him the answer that he needed. His arms wrapped around the other man’s smaller body, pulling them together so that the other man’s free hand to could play through his curls and deepen their kiss. He could feel the electric thrill race through him as his body responded and his logical mind chided him for falling in love, how the sentiment would kill him and those around him, but he didn’t care. He had John Watson and the other man had him.
The woman smiled at him from the stove where she was scrambling eggs. “No problem. The babies were keeping me up anyway. Might as well make breakfast!”
“No,” he replied, meeting the other man’s gaze. “It’s a very sensitive subject.”
, he tried to mentally soothe himself,
The return of his car to Downing Street did little to settle his worries or his rushing thoughts. He slipped from the back seat, giving his driver a small nod of gratitude and quickly entered his home. The children, minus the babies, were at school. Molly and Sherrinford were no doubt busy with the new twins, running a tag-team operation that allowed one of them to rest and get away during the day.
“You couldn’t bring your own clothes?!” Sherlock was hissing rather obnoxiously, the door to 221B closing firmly behind him but not loud enough to arouse the fitfully slumbering Pup upstairs. The older man sniffed audibly before growling, white teeth flashing.
She swallowed, preparing for the lie of her life. “No, Mum. I had no idea.”
He grinned, his fingers still wound in his Mate’s soft fur. No matter the form, Sherlock was still inexplicable after all their years together and he knew, deep within his soul, that they were always meant to be together, making each other whole.
The woman smiled, still rubbing her stomach even as her hand came up to rub her neck. Unlike her own father, who had decided against being Turned and had continuously insisted that she not get Bitten at all, her former teacher had taken a Mate Mark and become a Turned Lupus sapiens as soon as she had been cleared of all charges. She had been the first to complete (and help perfect) the process of becoming a Lupus sapiens, though she had insisted on being Bitten instead of injected with venom.
“Only with your consent,” he replied. “Only if that was what you truly wanted. Your life is your own and I won’t make any decisions for you. I can only have hopes for our future together. A future that I can still hope for, once this has passed. If you’ll have a natural born Lupus sapiens?”
“Enjoy, Uncle,” she said before quickly hanging up, her stomach knotting disconcertingly.
Knowing that the wolf was probably rolling his eyes at the request, he gave a small tilt to his head as the device was place in his outstretched hand. His fingers closed over it and gave it a tug, meeting resistance from the other man’s grip. He growled, glaring up at Sherrinford who was glaring back at him. “Seriously, Sherlock?” his younger sibling muttered, teeth briefly flashing, “All that yelling for something that was on the coffee table. Acting like a child is not going to fix our problem.”
Whining, he quickly traversed the kitchen and sitting room, his nails clicking on the linoleum. The soldier’s head rose, eyes wide and his pupils dilated, looking at him as if he were water in the desert. The older man reached a hand out to allow him to sniff it. His tongue flicked out, licking the offered fingers before moving in closer, nuzzling and nudging until he was half on the chair, covering John as best he could.
“Understandably,” he intoned, raising an eyebrow at the younger man. “It must be any day now, yes?”
Nathaniel looked at his plate, coloring slightly. Lucy put a rather large scoop of potato into her mouth. “Nathaniel?” Mycroft pressured, “What happened?” The other man’s icy eyes focused on his soon-to-be-eldest son.
He gave him a small smile. “Evelyn had a nightmare and I comforted her. As Sherlock did for you last night.” He sighed, seeing that the other man was still defensive (
The K13 gave him a sharp nod before the pair of them made their way to the tape that stretched around the dilapidated two-story house. As they passed the boundary, Eddington stopped suddenly, nostrils flared. “Eddington?” Lestrade asked, noting the flared nostrils of the Lupus sapiens. It was the day after the New Moon, so his senses wouldn’t be as acute as they were closer to the Full Moon, but they were present nonetheless. “What is it?”
“But he won’t have a Wolf his age. Like you did…”
He sat with the woman for another hour or so, chatting away about anything and everything, including how much she missed working in the morgue and how she really wanted to get back to working in the lab to help create a medication to help the Wolves that wished to refrain from Shifting. He didn’t think that it would be possible, but he did know that he had patients that were still not connecting the Wolf within their human selves. Anything, including Sherlock’s wolfsbane injection, would seem like a relief to them.
The little girl gasped, obviously oblivious to his presence until then, and then smiled brightly. “Sherlock!” she replied, pushing her chair back and running to him, wrapping her strong arms around his thin mid-section. He placed a hand on her back, rumbling faintly in his chest. “How’s the case going?”
The taller man chuckled. “Come now, Sherrinford, you know that that is not true.”
(The lovely thing about Molly was that she never stopped herself from asking a question when she had one. She had no pretenses and she was just a naturally kind soul. A lovely person - one whom he was proud to call Pack)
. He stiffened, the tip of his umbrella resting on the ground with a light tap. Slowly, keeping his face blank, he turned.
“Sounds good,” the pathologist said, still smiling, her hand patting her human child’s bum. “He was asking for a stool sample from Benedict’s diaper earlier today. I definitely didn’t give him anything - and I gave him severed toes for years - but, seriously…yuck.”
. He mentally chided his own instinct-driven hope for more in that department and slowly closed the door behind them with a heavy sigh. “We don’t need to stay here tonight. We could leave right now, simply lock ourselves into Baker Street.” He smiled, his lips closed as he look at his mate. The greying man was trembling slightly, his eyes wide. “If we left now, we’d make it before moonrise. Whatever you want to do, John.”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice gave him pause and he turned, doing nothing to cover his impatience. The doctor continued, “Everything is going to be fine. Two Pups, Sherlock. It’s pretty amazing, and you have a right to be proud.”
The man leered at him in his Mind Palace, taunting him over his inability to beat this petty Lupus sapiens Hunter.
The strangled yowl broke her.
he sniffed again, his ears picking up on the woman’s steady breathing and her firm heartbeat.
Knowing that something had to be said to continue the momentum of the movement that his brother had started, he paused just outside of his car. He opened the door, in case his brother wanted to escape, and turned to face the reporters and protestors. “I will be making one statement, and one statement only: I believe in my brother and the work that he is doing for himself and for people like him and I will support him, no matter what, because I know that he is a good man. There are people in government and on every street who will think differently, who will try to make the unknown and less understood out to be monsters because of a genetic condition that they lacked control in contracting. The Lupus sapiens, are first and foremost, men and they should always be treated as such, their actions received as those of their human counterparts. I am glad that the Kensington Initiative has been shot down but I know that there will always be other Kensington Initiatives. Please, be vigilant. Stand for what you believe to be right. And, through that work, we can build a better Britain. Thank you.”
