“And for God’s sake, wash your hands when we get home and wear gloves when you deal with that thing.” John threw the coffees into a nearby bin, grabbed him by the arm, and dragged him back to the flat.
Sherlock alternated between eating and sleeping for the first four days of hospitalization and by day five, he was making his impatience known over breakfast.
Mycroft gave him a fake smile. “John. Your request is duly noted.” He nodded, twirled his umbrella, and left the flat. Sherlock stood up and locked the door behind him.
“No.” Sherlock made a face at the cup as if it had personally offended him. He turned away and wandered into the sitting room with his arms crossed. “It’s bitter and musky.”
He slept for eleven hours that night. He awoke refreshed and feeling very close to something like normal. He ached a bit and his face was still tender, but the room no longer spun and he didn't think he'd vomit.
“Sam was fine with it. Jeff and I worked in different areas. He was out in the garages and I’m on the floor, so we didn’t see each other except at lunch.”
John looked up at the plain wooden wall tucked almost completely out of sight behind a set of shelves. Could that be a door? It was narrow, but then the whole room was narrow. He stood up and pushed against it. It didn’t budge. He stepped back. There was no knob or even a hole to fix one in place. He felt foolish. This wasn’t a door—a door to what? What would a door be doing off a musty old storage space in the herana? He scoffed at himself and turned to walk away but froze.
“Good evening, your highness. I’ve come to see if everything is to your liking. Is there anything you require? Something to eat? A concubine perhaps? His Majesty has a fine selection of males and females.”
Sherlock shrugged. "The experiment was boring and this is as good an alternative as any." He stuffed himself back under the blanket and they leaned into each other to enjoy the rest of the film.
"Fair enough." She added a few more things to the paper and put the quill down. "You can put your loincloth on."
“I love you, John.” He settled his cheek on the top of his dom’s head and they simply stood there, breathing together.
“I don’t know if he’s still using at all.” Betsy added hastily, “I just know that when we were first dating, Mike would sometimes bring him here to sleep it off safely.”
"Sherlock, come on. We're going to be late." John called down the corridor to their bedroom. The door was half open and John could hear Sherlock rustling around.
“Oh, oh…” Sherlock lifted his arse up higher, arching his back. “God, John.” He clung again. He was sore for sure, but it was the best kind of sore. He had never been fucked like this before. They would both be having trouble walking tomorrow.
! Love is supposed to be rainbows and fluffy clouds and nonsense like that. No Mike, this can't be love."
“Yes. Also, today, you are also going to bring me a cup of tea, the way I like it, whenever I ask. No matter what we’re doing or where we are.”
“Page two of two…” Sherlock gasped and clasped his hands to his mouth as the scattered pieces of the case snapped into place—the lacerations from the knives—the menus in Dixon’s house—Owen’s wealthy doms—the garlic and onion smell. Sherlock grinned and stared at the wall of case notes. Oh how he loved this part. The part when his genius shone out of every window of his palace in glorious light. The thing that linked all the victims was the Michelin star restaurant,
They rode it out and slowed, John giving him a few more languid thrusts before he eased out and settled down on Sherlock’s semen and sweat-soaked belly. Their hard breaths filled the air and the whole room smelled of sweat and sex and musk.
“Have you seen this book?” Mike pulled a book about fungus and it’s relationship with the decomposition of organic matter off the shelf. It was dry reading but it had lots of painted illustrations and diagrams, perfect for a small science-bent boy. Sherlock took it, frowning. The plain red leather cover looked the same as the astronomy text his tutor tried to get him to read. Sherlock scoffed at the very thought (who
Something about John telling him to settle practically forced his brain to do just that. Hell, sometimes Sherlock wished he had that kind of assured, consistent control over himself. Once and a while his brain would run away from him, thinking too fast and too hard. It drove him mad, but John, John could quiet it down. Sherlock knew he would have no trouble fringing at the edges of subspace again. He already felt halfway there.
Two days later, Sherlock Holmes' mobile phone ran at eleven am, interrupting a rather crucial moment in the transferring of a delicate orb of purple spun sugar to the top of a butterscotch cake. He managed to place it, pleased when it didn't crumble. He picked up his phone.
Mrs. Hudson had to try hard to hide her surprise. Sherlock barely paid attention to other people. Even as a boy he preferred his science and his dog and his bees and violin over the company of humans. Oh he had loved Redbeard. The two had been inseparable, going on adventures on the grounds and into town. Sherlock was crushed when the old dog got ill and died. Not long after Redbeard's death, he'd found Beatrix with an injured wing.
“What about your clothes?” John said with a small smile. “I don’t want you to throw off your whole life for me.”
"Are you interested? That would be lovely! You should be warned, dear, it's mostly pensioners. Though Betty has a daughter who comes sometimes. Lovely girl. Single." She nudged him knowingly and picked up the spinach dip and toasts. "I'll let you know what the next book is and you and Sherlock can join us next week."
“Stay there. Don’t move. We’re doing something different tonight.” John strode for the bedroom. Sherlock wouldn’t listen to him and get off this stupid case? Sherlock wouldn’t tell him about all the bloody secret texts? Fine. John would just need to be more strict. Sherlock did run pretty wild and a harder hand might be just what the doctor ordered. He threw his shirt on the bed, leaving himself bare chested with the jeans still on, and opened up his box. He found a leather flogger. Each rope was knotted at the end and the effect on bare skin was stingy and painful. He also grabbed one of the bigger plugs and a gag. The clamps would be good too, and some chain and dark leather suspension cuffs. One night after work a few weeks ago, John had noticed a metal hook conveniently screwed into the ceiling in the center of the sitting room. It had likely been installed by a previous tenant, as John doubted Sherlock would have done so himself. Maybe it had been for an experiment? Regardless, it was there, and John was going to use it.
“C’mon.” Greg strode past, stirring his coffee, and Sherlock followed him back to his office. Greg shut the door.
"You hate James Moriarty. Oh, don't look at me like that, it's not like I'm going to run and tattle to him. The calluses on your fingers indicate you know your way around weapons. Not really a skill one picks up on a fishing boat or in a royal herana, now is it? Your tone, body language, the way you look me in the eye‒oh stop. I don't mind if you look at me or not. It's refreshing. You have no idea how tedious it gets having everyone bow and grovel every time I darken a doorway. Faces are so expressive, yours especially. Now, your body. You're used to working hard and being physical. The muscles were toned by work and strengthened by hefting guns, nets, bows and arrows, and blades‒likely from the back of a horse. Another obvious tell is that you're here, imprisoned in this castle as a concubine. Jim hates the hughwaymen and you fit the type of a vigilante. So let's review: calluses on your hands, your body type, the ways about you that indicate you hate it, and most telling of all:"
The concubines at the top seemed to actually enjoy their status. Some concubines—mostly the men but sometimes the women too—came back from tending a guest, boasting about their prowess and ability to satisfy. They believed themselves superior to the ones who struggled even though at the end of the day, none of them had agreed to this and no one but the guests had really consented to any of what went on.
"Ah." John nodded. "To answer your question? No.” John clenched his fist and stared Sherlock in the eye. "I don't regret being a highwayman for a second."
The King was stronger than he looked. John tried to pull out of his grip. Jim grabbed his left arm, spun him around, and twisted it around his back.
Hello amazing readers. Thank you so, so much to everyone who's stuck with this fic for so long. I'm actually a little nervous about posting this chapter! Eesh. Okay, this chapter is the main reason the fic is tagged with ‘gore’ ‘knives’ ‘blood’ and ‘violence,’ so please be warned. I’d also like to point out that the fic is also tagged ‘happy ending’ as well, haha.
An email alert popped up in the corner of John’s screen. It was from Sherlock. Hm. He glanced up at his sub, who seemed to be holding his breath, and opened the link. He blinked at the webpage. He’d been expecting a medical journal article or some kind of new findings in the exciting world of tobacco ash but what he saw was far more entertaining.
John nodded at the cooler and Sherlock opened it up. There were two pieces of dark brown tissue on ice.
“John—” Sherlock said as the doctor whirled towards the door and threw it open. “Christ, you’re like a wild animal.”
"Oh yes, you little troublemaker, I do know the King personally. Do you know the name Lord Sebastian Moran?"
Vincent himself answered and Sherlock wrung his hands, looking at the man with puppy eyes. “Are-are you Mr. Coel?” His voice was sad and hoarse.
sub. His shoulders jutted forward at an enticing angle. His cock was stiff and glistening, leaking slow lines of precum. His legs were almost obscenely wide as John adjusted to the cords running tight between his cheeks and on either side of his balls.
Mycroft was going to the western border with Jim today to check up on the soldiers posted there‒the whole reason for this cursed visit.  The hunt today was supposed to be fun. A diversion and a chance at bonding and camaraderie for the guests Jim had staying at Chilgrave. As if hunting in the rain with a group of pompous toads had ever been fun. Dissecting corpses was fun. Investigating murders was fun. This was going to be awful. He didn't want to go, but he didn't want Mycroft to tediously shout at him either. So he would go and put on a show of being at least mildly entertained. So much of being royal was just for bloody show. The only bright spot on this trip was that Jim would be out of Chilgrave for most of it (and if he was honest, that he might see John again). Sherlock didn't envy his brother one bit.
John pushed into B and trudged up the steps. His leg was hurting again for the first time since…well, since that first case with Sherlock. His shift had been full but boring. Mostly. A young veteran had come in for his annual. John had blinked at the titanium tube and foot coming out of his left knee. Not because of the injury itself, but because just the sight of it had been enough to make his shoulder hurt and the memories of Afghanistan fizzle across his nerves. They’d talked for a few minutes about the war and injuries and fortunately it sounded like the young man had a strong support group and would be okay, in the long run.
“Who is it?” John followed. “And why does he have my file? Is this someone we should be worried about? Because that file he had is classified information.”
Sherlock did, in a childish kind of way. He didn’t say this though. “Can we take a cab?” He asked. “I don’t want, you know, people.”
“Can you go now, please?” Sherlock wanted to move around, but he didn’t want to see or deal with John right now.
Sherlock hummed into his shoulder and lifted his face out, staring at John. The tension had drained out of his shoulders and the thunderous look was gone from his eyes.
“Yes I will.” Sherlock pulled away and went down the steps. John peeked through the window and watched him hail a cab and disappear.
John stood there, feeling like he’d just been slapped across the face. Never had he been rebuffed so succinctly.
John settled back down beside him and spoke in a rumbly voice. “You had a Grade III hemorrhage. You lost almost two pints of blood. After I made Logan wish he’d never been born, the ambulance showed up and I went with you to Norwich hospital. You got fluids and a transfusion and when you were stable, Mycroft’s men showed up and took us to this place.”
“Do you have an arch enemy?” John asked, breaking the kiss. At this, Sherlock’s expression darkened. He stepped back from John and swore aloud.
John was standing beside Molly, his arms folded over his bruised chest. The attendant was reading out the night’s assignments.
Mary hummed in delight when she tasted Sherlock's fruit tart. "The flavors are perfectly balanced and the crust has just the right flake."
“There we are,” Mycroft put the cup down and gave his little brother a fake smile, “back with the living.” He sniffed daintily and grimaced. “You still smell of submissive. You should bathe.”
"Oh, um, no reason." She smiled and squeezed John's hand, achingly relieved that he was alive. “Who was it?” She asked, thrilled to feel the solid, familiar grip of his hand in hers.
“I’m impressed, Mr. Holmes. Full marks.” He gently rubbed his upper arm, staying well away from the sling and gauze. Sherlock smiled, surprised at himself for how much he didn’t mind that John was touching him. No, in fact, this felt exquisite. He tended to just stand there when Mrs. Hudson hugged him. And Seb never touched him much except when he wanted sex. But here John was touching all over his arm—his
"Why not? All the horrible inconveniences you've caused me. I killed your group of friends. Why not kill you?" He set his glass down and walked towards John. "Have you ever wondered why I didn't kill you that day?"
"Ah. How's your back?" Greg asked, regarding the kneeling man. He wasn't sure what, if any, rules they had while Sherlock knelt. Some doms didn't want their subs talking while they knelt but Sherlock had already trod that ground. And anyway, Greg reasoned this was his own damn flat and he would talk to anyone he wanted to.
“Of course, but we need to talk first because your rude habits are apparently going to be causing some issues.”
“Hi Sherlock.” Mike said. “Just showing John around.” He gave the doctor a triumphant smile and unlocked the door.
“Come on, John!” He shouted from the pavement. He lifted his hand to hail a cab and John ran out of the restaurant just in time to slide across the slick leather seat and slam the door closed before the taxi took off into traffic.
The other passenger gathered her items and moved to an empty seat at the opposite end of the car. She gave them a suspicious glance and picked up her book again.
“You can’t snap out of wanting to sub.” Sherlock told him. “Believe me. Cocaine doesn’t do it, and neither will sitting here in the dark.”
Sherlock laid down on the bed and John straddled his thighs and smeared the cream over his sore spots, the way he did after every time they played. It felt good and Sherlock sighed in delight as John’s warm familiar hands touched him and soothed the aches away. John capped the tube and Sherlock looked up at him playfully and reached for his dressing gown. “Sofa?”
“Yes.” Sherlock watched as warm capable fingers rolled his sleeve back some more and cradled his elbow, feeling the joint. “Does this hurt?” John pushed a spot with his thumb.
John lifted his head and Sherlock placed the blindfold over his eyes and tied it around his head. John pressed his face to his sub’s warm leg again.
“You’ve gotta help me Mr. Holmes!” He shouted after him. “Everyone says you’re the best. Without you, I’ll get hung for this.”
"Yep." He stood up and turned away, trying to blink away tears. Sherlock looked like he felt: stricken and stony and shocked.
"No!" Sherlock pulled away from Lestrade and turned around, hugging himself as the flashing police car lights strobed behind. His back was frankly killing him. The tumble down the stairs left a trail of wounded skin and pride in its wake for both parties. Greasy was succinctly handcuffed and Lestrade had shouted for paramedics. Sherlock had no idea what happened to Dee.
They arrived at a set of heavy wooden double doors. One guard raised a fist and pounded twice. The person who answered was wearing a dark blue robe that completely obscured their figure. Their head was shaved completely bald and it wasn't immediately apparent if they were male or female. The person glanced at John impassively and then looked up at the guard who'd knocked.
What the hell was this? John watched his sub carefully. Sherlock was never so argumentative about accepting a punishment. He’d been fine with the paddling at the bedsit, and they had discussed and agreed upon rules. He wondered if there was something going on, or maybe Sherlock was just excited about this case.
John slumped at his desk in his office several hours later, weary but pleased with the day’s distracting work. Two flu cases, a sprained ankle, a sprained wrist, gastroenteritis, piles, and a surprising amount of rashes. His stomach roared and he checked his watch. It had been ages since his hurried ‘lunch’ of berry yogurt and vending machine pretzels and he rooted around in his desk drawer until he found a granola bar. One more hour before he had to go back to cold and lonely 221, which was still infinitely better than the cold and lonely bedsit. He really hoped Sherlock wouldn’t be too long in Minsk. He ripped open the plastic on the bar and took out his phone to check for messages. The first one he saw had his heart leaping for joy.
“What?” Sherlock snapped, eying the tiled floor. John took a fast breath and decided in a split-second to take the plunge.
“You were kidnapped by smugglers and nearly killed.” Sherlock snapped. “I’m disinclined to believe you’re ‘alright.’” He threw his coat off and huffed as John went to the loo to take paracetamol and clean the blood off his head.
They both fell into a doze. Sherlock’s phone lay forgotten in the other room and they missed the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs. The creak in the hallway had them both lifting their heads.
Sherlock tilted his head down into the sofa, his arm limp and his fingers loose under John’s grip as he bared the back of his neck, and John zeroed in on that spot. He licked the patch of skin above his shoulder, tasting a hint of sweat and the sweet smell of
“I’m with the police!” He said firmly, holding up his right hand palm-out in what he hoped was a placating gesture. His left arm he cradled towards his ribs, aching and burning. She grabbed the phone, dialing the police.
“Oh yeah. I was looking mainly at ones with pink sequins. Or great big rhinestones.” John stood up and hugged his sub.
“Oh. What’s wrong with Sherlock?” John remembered the rude way the sub had spoken to him the other day at Bart’s, and at the moment he had no further interest in speaking with the surly detective.
How did that feel? That was good. That was nice. It was…pleasant. Tender, even. Sherlock frowned, realizing he had no place to store this new information. He needed to clean a room out a room for John…but until then—Sherlock leaned over and kissed him soundly on the mouth. He could feel the doctor’s surprise at first. His body tensed and his hands stilled, but after a moment he was back in gear. He cupped Sherlock’s neck and returned the kiss, quietly taking control, urged on when Sherlock leaned back against the cushion and pulled him along. John straddled his thighs, cradling Sherlock’s neck and jaw lovingly as he tasted and explored this rude, brilliant man.
The dom jumped up and headed for the door. Sherlock saw the gun tucked into the back of his jeans and he grabbed his phone off the side table. He recognized that tread. Too heavy for Mrs. Hudson, to measured to be Lestrade. He sent a text to Mycroft:
They both smiled and John went back to his work space. He separated and flattened his dough, then added the basil and cheeses. Satisfied, he covered it with a tea towel and placed each into his proving drawer and hoped to God it would rise. He set the timer for forty minutes and allowed himself a short break and a swig of water. Sherlock was still working at a blazing pace and John wanted to help him. Doing so would certainly get him disqualified though, so he kept his distance and smiled when Sherlock snuck a glance at him.
John was strolling up Baker Street to do some food shopping that afternoon, whistling. He had a very satisfied submissive at home currently in his mind palace and they were both feeling much better than they had been yesterday evening. Sherlock hadn’t been nearly as pissed off at him and he’d feared, and rubbing the cream on him had helped immensely, as had breakfast. He hoped they were back on the road to a good place.
“That’s a nice collar.” Logan said, admiring the strip of leather around Sherlock’s throat. “Did your dom give it to you?”
“Oh, ffff…” John squeezed his cheeks harder and pulled them apart. Sherlock nibbled the nub of skin and then looked up at John with a shit-eating smile. “If you
John bristled. “Alright, then, what do you know about Seb?” It occurred to John then that for all he knew, this man could be Seb himself.
“Of course not.” Sherlock scoffed. “I simply read her wall. People put their entire lives online. I can see where she works, who she works with, what she likes to eat, her family. No word though since her departure.”
“Good boy.” He praised, holding out his hand. Sherlock offered him the handle and John took it with a “thank you.” Sherlock watched him heft the crop, swishing it through the air a few times to get a feel for it. The sight of John holding it was extremely agreeable and more arousing than he would have thought. Deep breaths, that was the key.
“I wanted them to be the same.” He said. “Because we’re the same, in this. In marriage. Partners.” Suddenly it sounded insanely cheesy. “I guess…” He muttered.
"He's shaken. He's probably hurt‒he fell down like thirty stairs." Silence. "He won't let me. No….I tried. Yeah…no. Okay." Footsteps got closer behind him and then, "Sherlock?" A phone appeared in the detective's line of vision. "John for you."
“No, sorry.” Callum said. “He’d kneel by her feet though.” He tapped the card. “Lucky bastard to get a dom like that.”
“Welcome.” Sherlock hummed happily, his sub-side thrilled that he had done something that pleased the dom. He made a face and tried valiantly to ignore that part of himself, even though it was painfully obvious that he was most certainly attracted to John. In a burst of insanity or inspiration, he took down a bottle of scotch and two tumblers and brought them back to the sofa. To his surprise, John had built a fire and was just finishing it off, brushing his hands of sawdust and throwing the smoking match into the flames.
Sherlock opened his eyes carefully, squinting. He could see the reflection of gold red fire flickering on the wooden walls. A large spotlight was rigged up above him, illuminating his bare body in startling clarity. Jenkins hadn’t mentioned a bright light. He shifted, finding that all his limbs were bound and tied. Rustling underneath indicated He was spread out over a plastic tarp and Sherlock swallowed.
The thought of the concubine made that hard, tight thing inside of his chest loosen and calm. They had talked for hours about this, that, and nothing at all. They dozed side by side and John left when the candle clock read five and sky was turning grey with dawn. He'd squeezed Sherlock's hand and wished him a good day before slipping silently out of the room like memories of a pleasant dream burned away by sunlight.
What the fuck. What the fucking fuck—Seb went out of his way to get a brand new phone number just so he could keep stalking him?! It was absurd. It was lunacy. The man needed a hobby that wasn’t
"Then the rocks and ice will." Molly said, parroting what John had told her months ago. She moved away from Kate, searching the concubines and looking for that familiar face. Tears filled her eyes and she blinked them away. He couldn't have. John wouldn't do that, right? It had gotten worse for him but he seemed to be managing. The concubines relied on him for medical care and he kept himself busy with gathering supplies. He had purpose. She shook her head. Of course, that had all been prior to Jim's awful attack on him. Since then and since Sherlock leaving he hadn't been the same. She thought of John's gaunt face and the way he'd lose focus.
With a put-upon sigh, like John had asked him to move mountains, Sherlock got to his feet. He shuffled to the center of the room and stuck his hands in his trouser pockets, tilting his head to the side, staring at John.
John didn't say anything and Sherlock risked a glance at the concubine. John was watching him like he was trying to figure Sherlock out. Sherlock didn't like that. He didn't like other people trying to figure him out. He was the one that was supposed to do the figuring out.
“Oh, God. There we go.” John’s tone was satisfied and he had one arm thrown lazily over his forehead. “I love you so much, Sherlock. God, sex is so easy with you.”
“L-loose enough?” He asked. He nudged the tip of his cock against John’s hole and the doctor made a little huffy sound.
"This place is bad. But keep your head down, don't fight. For God sakes, obey, and you'll survive. If you're lucky, you might find a way out."
“What about phone GPS?” John asked before Lestrade could respond. “Can you track his or Sherlock’s phone?”
The traced wounds suddenly made sense. Logan had carved out the shape of his liver and his spleen right on his skin. The other cuts were there just to ensure blood loss and thus, weakness. Gooseflesh popped up over his skin as more of the clues slotted into place. That’s why the victims had been in pieces. Logan had eviscerated and chopped them up. Sherlock blinked a few times. Logan was going to cut out his organs and then get rid of his body somehow.
“I’m just not interested.” John stared at him and a soft knock on the door interrupted. Anthea stepped inside the room.
He squeezed John tighter. In a perfect world he could take him back to Sherrinford and they could spend as much time together as they wanted. However, this wasn't a perfect world. John belonged to Moriarty. He wasn't a free man but a prisoner who was, to put it bluntly, a terrorist desired by the Hibern crown. Extraneous nonsense, in Sherlock's opinion. John was the most marvelous thing he'd ever encountered.
“Sh…” John soothed. “You’re amazing, Sherlock.” Another little bite-and-lick. He rubbed his other hand down Sherlock’s waist, palming his warm bare bottom. It was exquisite. Sherlock was a beautiful sub, and John was thrilled he was letting him touch him this way, given his past. Intimate? Very. Dominant? Oh
"None. It was for the best, I think. I was a highwayman when I met her. I left it though‒wanted to be respectable. Good husband and partner, all that. After she died, though..." He shrugged. "Went back. And now I'll probably die here. Growing up,” he continued, not wanting to dwell on the idea of dying in this pit. “I had the odd things with girls and boys in my village.” John smiled softly at the memory. "Since then, I've also had a dalliance or two. Being in the highwaymen though, you've got to keep your wits about you. It can be difficult to maintain anything long term."
Sherlock did, wincing a bit as the bruises pulled. John pursed his lips and pushed the button again and left the room. Again the machine beeped. John came back in. "Okay." He pulled the exposure out of the panel. "That's your chest sorted. Anything on your legs?" He asked.
"Welp!" Jim slapped his hands down on the armrests of his throne and stood. "That's that." He shrugged, then stretched in the sunlight, yawning exaggerated and loud. Sebastian Moran appeared at his side, looking down at John with something like pity.
"I cannot, Mike. He's always on my mind, even when I'm doing something else, he's always on the peripherals of my mind palace, looking in the windows, beckoning to me, sitting himself in my chairs like he owns the place. Make it stop!"
He wandered down the corridor towards the bedroom. The loo was dark and the door open and he peered into the bedroom. There he was, asleep in the center of the bed in a white Tshirt and boxers. Sherlock exhaled a long sigh and leaned against the doorway. John was here. John was in their bed. Good. Good signs. He stepped into the room. There was a newly opened bottle of Equivo on the bedside table, along with a package of painkillers. Sherlock wondered why on earth John would need the Equivo. He was domming, so didn’t that eliminate the need? Sherlock looked down at his doctor, then got into bed behind him. He didn’t move. He scooted closer and rested his chin on John’s shoulder, then blinked in surprise. John’s wrists were bound loosely with some red rope, his elbows bent and his hands resting on a pillow in front of his face. Sherlock looked closely at his dom’s face. He looked peaceful and it was unlikely he’d thrashed around much this time. Last night had been the opposite. Sherlock had jerked awake when John’s elbow found his chest. Unsure of what to do, he’d woken him. He’d seemed so distressed.
The cab pulled up to 221B and he got out, paying the driver and bounding up the steps. John was nowhere to be seen, and the flat was still dark. The telly was off now, so it was quiet, and Sherlock turned a light on and looked to his wall notes. It was unlikely that any of the mechanics were the murderer. Their surprise at Dixon’s death was genuine and all of them were covered in grease—more than three day’s worth of grease. The killer would have needed to scrub his hands of the blood. Jazz’s colleagues’ hands were too filthy. Even if the murderer had worn gloves, their shock had been palpable and honest. He jotted some notes and put them on the wall, then glanced around. Where was John? He dipped into his mind palace and checked the weekly planner in the bedroom where he kept John’s memorized work schedule. It was blank.
John took his hand and brought him to the bedroom. They slipped off their shoes and got in bed, Sherlock snuggling into John’s side in the almost-dark of the room. The dull yellow lamps outside made the curtains a sort of murky grey-yellow and created little mountain ranges of bedsheet. He lay there, tense and thinking. Something should happen now, he was sure of it. Something to celebrate the fact that John didn’t die. He could have lost John tonight without ever knowing what really subbing for him would be like. He licked his lips. That couldn’t happen again. He couldn’t miss that experience.
Sherlock sat up and gave John a long-suffering look before he stood up and shuffled to the kitchen, chain clinking along the floor. He took some sheep stomach tissue out of the fridge and sat at his microscope, quiet. John glanced at the time. He didn’t want to leave him chained too long, just long enough to get the message across.
He sipped and put the cup back down. “I need the loo.” He touched John’s hip and the doctor stood. Sherlock got to his feet and stretched. His muscles creaked and he groaned at the pleasure-pain of it. He used the toilet and washed his hands and cleaned his teeth. He took off his sleep clothes and wrapped his dressing gown on, then came back into the room. John was still in pajamas, sitting on the bed and looking miserable.
Sherlock glanced down and made sure his bag of coins was secure. He looked up just in time to see the merchant's fist half a second before it crashed into his eye. Sherlock staggered and fell back into a chair. He shook his head, dazed, and touched fingers to the tender, aching spot on his face. Satisfied that he was okay, he leaped on the merchant and clobbered him in the nose. The man shouted out and Sherlock ducked and ran towards the door. Behind him people shouted and the sounds of fists hitting flesh crunched painfully in the air.
“Fine. Later.” He left and John moved to the window, watching him get into a black car and be driven off. A couple people went into Speedy’s down below, the door jingling faintly. Satisfied, he went back to the bedroom.
"Relax." Sherlock leaned forward and dug into his eggs. "He overcharges. Exorbitantly. He steals too. He’s a cheat." He gulped the eggs and bit into a sausage.
His balls were still sore from Jim grabbing them and everything from the base of his spine to the backs of his knees was one throbbing bruise. The bleeding had finally stopped. Everything was a grey fog. He didn't want to look at or touch anyone. He hated that he was so poorly clothed under the watchful eyes of two powerful kings.
In response, Sherlock groaned and spilled over the desk, splattering over the sheet of paper containing the lines. John rubbed his arse as he humped and Sherlock panted and shivered with delight.
“Not that I know of.” Mike said. “I told him he should properly sub, at the very least once a month but it doesn’t look like he has.” Mike sighed. “I don’t think he wants anything to do with subbing, to be honest.”
to make him shudder, or how to suck on the spot just under his collar to made his cock twitch higher. John pressed little kisses over his face and fingers and he grinned at the wide dark circles that his sub’s pupils had become. John slipped two slick fingers into Sherlock’s bum and tickled his prostate, making him gasp and shiver and claw for more contact. When he couldn’t take anymore he lifted his legs and curled his toes and clutched John close, whining and reaching for his cock.
“Oh!” John came out just as Sherlock rounded the doorway and they bumped chests. “Sorry, didn’t see you. Sherlock?” John peered up into frantic eyes, shining with tears. “Oh love.” He pulled his sub into a tender hug and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s warm strong
Two hours later Sherlock was tucked into a luscious Chilgrave guest room with windows draped in fine emerald velvet, a plush feather bed, a roaring hot fire, and thick carpets under his feet.
Sherlock wandered into the sitting room a few days later, his blue dressing gown half off his shoulder and his mouth set firmly in a pout. There hadn’t been a case in ages! The criminal classes seemed to have found their collective morals, much to his chagrin, and it had been tedious and dull for days. Even Lestrade had nothing for him. He angrily threw his dressing gown higher up his body and crossed his arms. John was sitting on the sofa with the paper, ankle on knee, reading. Sherlock dropped to the other end of the sofa like a sack of flour and curled into a ball.
“I’m going to punish you, Sherlock,” he opened and closed his fists, “for your reckless behavior tonight.”
He lay back on the soft cushions and pulled the blanket up to his waist, staring at the shadows on the black and ivory wallpaper.
Thanks so much to everyone who's reading this story. I can't believe this fic has almost 10,000 hits! I never would have thought any of my stories would get anywhere near 10,000. You guys are awesome :D
He was crouched before his oven door eight minutes later, smiling at the crisp edges. They were perfect, utterly perfect. He pulled them out and set them on the wire rack, taking a big breath of the spicy ginger scent. Each floral shape would be sandwiched with the sweet cream filling and then just a bit of drizzled icing would finish off the top.
“I think so.” Sherlock said dryly, remembering John slamming Logan around. John in Defense and armed with a gun? Just the idea made him feel safe.
“—Emotional.” Sherlock sneered. “Doms go into Defense if they feel threatened. Like territorial animals. It has nothing to do with their so-called bonds with their subs.”
Sherlock gulped. He hadn’t seen John properly angry in a long while, not since when he bailed him out of jail—and oh yes, Sherlock definitely remembered that day. John’s lips were darker, his eyes flashing. His mouth was set in a thin line and his hands had curled into fists. It was pleasing in a way to see him like this. Dominant and feathers ruffled. The sub in him that had been coaxed into the light sang out in response to John’s dominance, but the thought of punishment—possibly that red paddle—gave him pause.
"I'm quaking." Sherlock stood, gave him a less-sarcastic bow, threw another wave to Greg, and departed.
“Here we are.” John returned with the lube and gloves. Sherlock watched as he wriggled his left hand into one and snapped it over his wrist. He flexed his fingers and headed for the sofa. “With me.” He said. Sherlock followed. “How’s your chest?”
“You’ll see very soon that I’m not.” Sherlock finished the cigarette and rubbed it out in a nearby ash tray.
"Oooch, tha's s'nice…" John sank into the water, disappearing before popping up. "This was a lovely idea."
"No.” Sherlock made a face. “Prisoners as concubines? He’s insane. No, ours want to be concubines. They live in the herana at Sherrinford and make appointments. They can see who they like and quit when they’d like." Sherlock shrugged. "Frankly I'm appalled that Jim populates his herana with criminals. A concubine's very job is to tend to guests when they're at their most vulnerable. A concubine with a vengeful heart would not be a good companion." He looked into John's eyes. "Present company excluded."
Sherlock was hesitant to ask him on cases initially but John always went with and, to Sherlock’s delight, seemed to enjoy them as much as he did. He was even useful. Sherlock began to find that when the doctor wasn’t able to make a case because of a shift at work, he missed him. He actually longed for the man’s presence. He never missed anyone. The last time he’d missed someone was when he was seven and Mycroft went away to boarding school. John, though the gifts and offerings and company were very nice, was being rather physically distant since that naked night on the sofa, and Sherlock was hoping to put more data in his files. The dom seemed to be very interested in sex and he’d hinted at past partners so Sherlock found it odd that John hadn’t asked him to undress again or even undressed himself. They kissed and groped and snogged, and Sherlock was itchy for more data.
Sherlock shrugged. “It doesn’t always take brilliant deductive reasoning. Google can be a trusty ally.”
“We both know last night was something.” John had stopped advancing when Sherlock backed into the counter. Still though, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to make eye contact. If he was honest, he wanted to fall to his knees and nuzzle John’s palm. No!
part of him sneered at the word as if it was filthy. But he also found he enjoyed it and he rolled around in the feeling like a dog in a pile of old socks.
"You look done in." Molly said. "Come on, sleep next to my pallet. We can be neighbors and talk healer stuff."
John yanked his pants down to look at his bum. During the roleplay, he had focused mostly on Sherlock’s thighs but he had given his bum some attention too. God, had that only been this afternoon? It had been such sexy silly fun, light years away from how they both felt now. He hadn’t planned on a punishment this evening. Had he known Sherlock was going to do something so utterly insane and stupid, he would have held off on the roleplay—or at least done something else with it. His sub’s backside looked fine though. His timely application of arnica had made the minimal bruising from that crap flogging all but disappear. His thighs were faintly pink from the ruler. John sighed and pulled the pants back up over his trembling cheeks. He raised his hand and slammed his flat hard palm into his sub’s bottom. Over and over and over he spanked and Sherlock squirmed and clenched over his lap.
“Yes, excellent.” He paused again, then thought of the box. “I could use accessories on you.” Sherlock mused aloud and watched for reactions from John. “Perhaps some rope and a blindfold?”
“Get away from me.” Sherlock stepped back, intent on going upstairs. Seb’s face darkened. “I trained you better than that. I trained you to respect dominants. You’re the kind of sub that needs a hard hand, baby. Come on home with me and I’ll show you where you belong.” Seb came closer to him and Sherlock stepped back, shaking his head.
"What the hell happened last night?" John asked. "I told you not to do anything dangerous while I was away."
"Mm, no response? I'll have you making all sorts of noises before the end of the night, my little whore. I've got you for the rest of the evening and I plan to take my revenge."
"Shit." John scrubbed his hands through his hair. He looked up at her, feeling bold and hysterical. "I refuse."
He glanced around the dark flat. No Sherlock. Probably off doing something for the limb case. He hoped his sub was okay. Yesterday’s punishment had been unusually tense, but maybe Sherlock was just distracted. This case was like a new toy for him and he was excited about it. John made a pot of coffee and drank it hot and black, then turned on the telly. He’d nearly died after getting shot. Even once he was at hospital in Kandahar and the wound was stable, he’d caught an infection that had nearly taken his life. The weeks after getting shot were just a fevered haze of pills and injections and lots of doctors talking above him. He’d almost lost the arm. He flexed his hand and rubbed the muscle around the scar.
While glancing through the newspaper, his perusal had been interrupted repeatedly by memories of the light on brunette curls and icy cool eyes and the tantalizing thought of just how sweet the detective would look kneeling naked, all that fair skin bared and flushed pink, wearing a dark collar‒bloody hell! John threw down the paper.
Sherlock drummed his fingers along the armrest in the cab back to 221. What if Seb was there, lingering on the pavement? What if he had left something at the door? John would see it and then what? John. He had left claiming he wasn’t feeling well, but was that it? Did he suspect Seb’s texts? Would he get upset and shout? Would he throw things and call Sherlock names? Would he refuse to move in? Would he think him weak for not being able to get rid of Seb once and for all? He licked his lips, both worried and angry that Seb was still trying to insinuate himself into his life, like mold creeping into fractured cracks. He was with John. He
John put a plate on the table, piled with orange, strawberry, lemon-lime, and blackcurrant tiny cakes. Sherlock selected a strawberry one and bit into it, then eyed the spilling plastic bags in the kitchen. Only forty bazillion more to eat.
“You’re worried.” John said bluntly. “You’re worried that I’ll get bored with being a dom all the time, correct?”
"If you must." Sherlock put the mug up on the counter and stood, wincing and bracing himself on the edge to lever up.
John mentally shrugged. Why not? He'd found it best to be accommodating at the start of the evening. Give the easy parts willingly and then some guests might be merciful later if he begged off the really unpleasant stuff.
More laughter filled the air and John got a whiff of something sweetly smoky. Opium, he guessed. It sounded like there were at least three or four people in the room. John listened again, only able to make out the words,
shifted in John's chest. Sherlock glanced away, clearly called by something. He gave John a final smile and left the window.
“Thanks, Greg.” John gave him a small smile, nodded to Donovan, then turned all his attention to Sherlock. They ambled down the hall and out of sight and the officers watched them go.
“Yes.” Greg muttered. He put the siren on again and did a hairpin turn, kicking up plumes of dust as they screeched off.
Sherlock was playing with the drawstring on John’s pajamas and the doctor thumbed away the tears on his face.
Sherlock paused and Mycroft grabbed his arm to keep him from reaching more ammunition. "That's enough! You're being a spoiled, rotten brat and I will not stand for it!"
to the home of a suspected murderer!” He was shouting now and Sherlock cringed, very aware that his poor sore bottom was still very vulnerable and his angry dom’s paddle wasn’t very far away. He hated this!
He paid the cabbie and got out in front of 221, pushing through the door into the foyer. No boxes or packages, nothing amiss. Good. He went up the steps and into the kitchen. Microscope, chemistry glass, dishes in the sink. Everything looked fine. Nothing out of place. Into the sitting room—furniture, laptops, John, papers stacked everywhere. Skull. Again nothing out of place.
not.” His tone made gooseflesh erupt down John’s back. Mycroft stayed in his space, staring down at him, and the doctor stared right back up, trying to look as challenging as he could. It was difficult. This man wore his dominance as well as his fine bespoke suit and John hadn’t confronted a forceful dom like this in while.
His ribs turned to ice. His breath caught in his throat and Sherlock shoved the phone back in his pocket like he had just seen something disgusting. Seb? No, Seb couldn’t be texting him. He had John now—he didn’t want to talk to Seb ever again!
“Something.” John ascended the steps and Sherlock moved aside to let him pass. He followed, asking questions. “Like what?”
“Move around if your arse hurts.” John cut up a sausage and speared a piece and held it out and Sherlock accepted it off the fork. “So,” John said, “did you find anything out at Coel’s at least?”
“Wh-what? Oh!” He blinked up at Sherlock, pushing the cap back off his face. “Yeah, I’ve been practicing for years. I’m going to reach black belt this year. Do you practice too?”
John propped his knee up on the bed and kissed him and Sherlock hummed happily, pulling him closer and rubbing his hands up and down his waist. John held the sides of his neck and Sherlock was just starting to slide his hand down his dom’s waistband—
John was assigned the last station on the right side and to his delight, the tall quiet baker with the cheekbones was directly in front of him. John glanced from his shoulders to the dip of his lower back to his round bum and long legs. John drummed his fingers on the countertop and hastily looked away. It wouldn't do him any good to stare. There were cameras everywhere! He'd have to be careful. Instead he looked at the mixer and bowls and the oven with the familiar pull-down-and-slide-under door. Camera people milled about, ready to start, and a few make-up people and production assistants ran around. Sue and Mel were in the far corner, and John thought he saw Mary Berry outside the tent.
Sally was glaring at him, unamused. "Don't take that tone with me, Sherlock. You've got a bug up your arse about something but it doesn't give you the right to be a prick."
"Wha‒ of course. You can't lose it." He looked a little closer and then sat up. "You're a bit torn. You'll see some blood and have some pain. Might burn when you piss. A warm compress will soothe the tenderness and the rip should heal on its own. Were you with a man?"
John made a mental note of the things that had gone wrong tonight and came up with a pretty impressive list. He took another deep breath. He was pissed off with his sub, but he was thinking clearly. This wasn’t at all like the other day with the flogging. No, he was in complete control.
John closed the loo door and headed back towards the kitchen, rubbing his hands over his face. What the hell had he been thinking? He had been upset, and he let his temper make the decisions tonight. It was just like when he was younger and he’d put that girl in hospital…
A whisper of fabric in the shadows and then a warm hand on his shoulder. His instincts raised red flags and he curled his clean hand into a fist, ready to attack. He relaxed when he recognized Molly.
“He was on my rugby team. He winked at me after practice one day and that was it. It was, well, I wouldn’t say like a switch being flipped. It was more like I found
"Good riddance." She muttered. "That blasted Lord Moran is getting on every one of my nerves. He has a, what's the English word?
Greg held his hand up, palms out in surrender. He'd get Sherlock to his flat in one piece and make sure he was tucked up in bed and as comfortable as he could be, but that was it. "Thanks." He said to the medics.
He threw the phone down in disgust and stormed to the bedroom. Mycroft was right—subs were the weaker dynamic. He was so needy and clingy—if John wanted to leave him, he would just have to deal with it. He looked at the bed and the rumpled sheets and remembered John’s recent nightmares.
The next few hours were an unpleasant haze. He was aware of various people coming and going from his bedside. A damp cool cloth touched his face and neck now and then. Concerned voices spoke in low tones. He was certain of Mrs. Hudson's presence and he heard Mycroft speaking to Healer Stamford.
He knew this would spark Defense and he didn't fancy going into another dom's territory when his sub was injured. He'd found a shop at Charles DeGaulle and bought some Defense suppressants before the flight. He didn't read the label because he was so worried about Sherlock, and thus, didn't know the pills needed to be taken with food.
They got coffees and sat on another bench. John glanced at the slim brushed silver chain around Mike's neck. Was that a
Sherlock reached for the plug and pulled a cheek aside. He pushed it in, knowing from his own experience how much pressure to apply. The thing slid right in and stayed there.
“Sit down, John.” His voice was smooth and elegant and still he didn’t look up from the file as he rounded the desk and stood by the chair.
“Owen had a Facebook page. Everyone does now, and of his eight hundred ‘friends’,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “he’s in contact with not only Vincent Coel, but her.” He held the phone out so John could see the image of a pretty blond woman by the name of Ana Olivier.
“Good lad. This was very bad, Sherlock. Going through my things will always be a punishable offense. I expect you to hold still and accept your spanking without complaint. Understand?”
They got a cab just outside the station. “Where to?” The man asked. Sherlock gave John a long-suffering look, one that the doctor had no sympathy for.
"And that makes it okay? What happens when someone finds out?" Mycroft's voice took on an edge and he gave his brother a small, fake smile. "It's only a matter of time, brother. They already call you the "Mad Prince." Don't give them a reason to call you the "Addict Prince" as well."
Sherlock stared at the boring person and shut the door without a word. He groaned and stomped over the bed, collapsing into it in a heap. Why oh why did the world have to be so tedious?
“Oh yes. You were so naughty.” John pulled him into a hug. He was trembling. “Sh, sh, was it alright?” He asked, stroking over his sweating back.
He bit his shoulder harder, resisting the urge to slip his fingers between Sherlock’s cheeks. He settled on gripping a handful of his arse, squeezing as he bit down. He grinned when Sherlock squeaked, shuddering and curling in on himself, and he soothed the sting away with little kitten licks and leaned off of him, patting his bum and releasing his arm.
When Sherlock woke up, the first thing that he was aware of was that he was warm and laying on something soft.
John didn't need to be told twice. Sherlock's desire to continue to keep his company was heartening and he enjoyed spending time with the "Mad Prince." He wasn't so mad. He was a bit demanding and certainly odd but he
Gregory Lestrade, Head of the Royal Guards and Mycroft's personal body guard, stood off in the corner. He was wearing the royal armor, hard red leather embellished with gold. A blade hung at his hip and a pistol beside it. Sherlock tossed him a sloppy salute in greeting and Greg nodded back.
"Boys?" Mrs. Hudson was tromping up the steps. "Are you both up? Oh good. Try this." She held out a mug to John and set the other beside Sherlock's notes. John sniffed and drew back as if burned. "What is this? Ethanol?"
John squirted some onto the scratch, dabbing it with the paper towel. Sherlock closed his eyes, clearing his throat as the liquid stung and bit deep. “Sorry.” John murmured. He rubbed some medicinal cream onto the skin and once again Sherlock clenched his eyes closed. The sting faded and John wrapped some gauze around the wound, taping it with the surgical tape in the kit. “Good. That’s that done.”
“Hey, love.” He greeted. “Ready to go soon?” They kissed and Sherlock firmly ignored the envelope and his stupid arse old dom.
"He's not out here‒and I don't know what his family looks like!" John glanced around. A tall man in a three-piece suit was watching him carefully and he looked away. He had no idea who that was. Their grandmother and father waved from a picnic table and they waved back.
He also couldn’t help but wonder if one day his stack of clothing would ever match the height of Sherlock’s in the basket. Would his sub want him to bring more of his items around? Right now he had a couple shirt, pants, pajama bottoms, an undershirt and a toothbrush at B. Given how much time they spent together, leaving more things around 221 made sense. Though last night for the first time the pajamas hadn’t been necessary.
“You look fantastic on your knees. Even better than I imagined.” John leaned forward and kissed his forehead.
John slid his lubed fingers in and out of Sherlock’s bottom, working his cock as well. He wanted his sub’s body to get used to his touch. Sherlock was a little slower than most to get physically aroused, though by the way he was panting and flushed and craning over his shoulder to see, John had no doubts that he was enjoying this. He added more lube to his fingers and slipped a third one into the hole, stretching it wide. Sherlock hissed and spread his legs, lifting his arse up as best he could. John grinned and pushed all three fingers in deep, then let go of his cock and just sat there, unmoving and still.
“You know I would text you if there were and if you’re bored—hell, go for a walk. Build a jigsaw puzzle. Chop up a severed finger—that’s off the record by the way.”
"Perfect." He leaned off the counter and opened the door that lead to the exam rooms. John brought him through the winding corridors to the x-ray machine behind a door marked 'Radiology.' He flipped on the light and pushed his suitcase out of the way and went to the machine, hitting a green button on the side and flipping a switch. The big silver machine hummed and whirred. The room smelled like latex and air con and Sherlock shivered.
"You sure?" John prompted carefully. "It has that actor you said was cheating on his wife. You could tell by his tie."
Both men stepped apart from each other. Lestrade stalked towards his car, pacing back and forth. Sherlock touched John’s shoulder and the dom turned to him. He stood very near to his sub as Sherlock rubbed his shoulder and spoke a litany of soothing things. He pushed the leash loop into John’s hand and the doctor clutched it.
They got up. John opened the wardrobe to reveal the full length mirror. He pulled his sub into a hug and Sherlock looked over his shoulder at his arse. It was as red as an apple. The color was smooth and even, not splotchy or bruised at all. John peered past his shoulder with a sort of feral expression.
The meeting was long and pointless and when Sherlock returned to his rooms he’d found a letter had been sent.
He told her the film's title. "It only got so-so reviews, he said, trying to decrease her interest. Might not even be funny. It has that one actor in it, you know, the one who's cheating?"
“Breakfast?” John opened the fridge and pulled out eggs and sausages. Sherlock opened two tins of beans and breakfast was prepared in no time. They didn’t even bother with plates, instead each grabbing forks and standing at the hob and eating everything right out of the hot pan. John popped a few pain pills with the food.
“Good boy.” John kissed the back of his hand and Sherlock looked away, grinning at the ground and blushing furiously. Oh, domming Sherlock would be fun. John smiled, excited, and wished he was finished with his shift at work.
“Yes, yes, of course.” Seb said quickly.  He sounded nervous. John had never heard the pompous man sound anything less than arrogant and cruel. “Look, Sire, your guests will be coming in from dinner soon. Put the letter aside for now, have a smoke, and enjoy your evening. You’ve earned it after spending the last week with Holmes.”
John was mostly wrong. Sherlock wasn't beginning an experiment, he was already well underway. John, fully dressed to face the day, was treated with the sight of every piece of living room furniture draped protectively with white cloths and Sherlock's rear end sticking out of the ashy, dirty fireplace. He'd left the tree uncovered and it now sported a fine mist of charcoal. John didn't care. Some people used flocking and tinsel on their tree, they used hearth ash.
Sherlock jerked in John’s grip and rutted into his hand. The doctor grinned. He was so close. “I want to see you in my office, Private Holmes. I think you need an exam.”
“So that’s a ‘no’ then…?” He grabbed his blow torch hopefully and she bustled out, making a disgusted noise at him. Sherlock tossed the blowtorch on the sofa and went back to his entry. His phone chimed.
He and Violet rode back in the direction they'd come. His horse was much calmer now that it had gotten that trick out of its system. They each kept a half-hearted eye out for game, but there was nothing around.
John then started tugging his own shirt out of his waistband. Sherlock watched, curious, as John stripped off his dark shirt and threw it on the sofa before undoing his jeans and stepping out of them and his black pants. Sherlock looked at John’s body, taking in proportion and size ratios in a mathematical kind of way, glancing from head to toe. His arms were toned nicely and he flicked his gaze over the pink scar tissue gnarled on his left shoulder. John’s belly was flat and only a little bit soft and Sherlock’s gaze went lower, then froze.
He put he coil of leather aside and slid the plug out of his arse. Sherlock hissed and John kissed him. “You’re doing beautifully. Let’s go take a bath now and I’ll bring you off. Stand.”
Sherlock stared at him. John’s normally dark eyes were still a few shades deeper, intense and focused on him. His lips had a touch more color to them and his gaze darted over Sherlock’s body, making notes of any lingering tension. He seemed…bigger somehow too. Like a dog bristling in the face of an attack. His scent was stronger too. Muskier. Defense in all its glory.
“I’ll come back later.” He said, turning away. “I just wanted to see how you were—I meant no harm.” He turned away, hunching his shoulders and lifting his hands before taking his leave. John relaxed once the door downstairs closed.
“Poor loved sub.” John teased him gently and kissed his temple. Sherlock shied away from it. “Stop. You smell all…muffiny.”
“No.” She said, disgusted. “Look, everything was fine between us. We were going to be married next autumn. There’s some…some psycho out there who killed my sub!”
“Okay then.” John took a resigned bite of the cake and Mike laughed. Betsy wandered back into the room.
“Psh—easy. He’s an accountant in the city. Grew up poor, but is now very wealthy. She teaches primary school, she has two cats, loves to read, and they’ve been together for two years. She’s happy, but he’s not. He’s cheating on her.”
“I tried to be nice.” John snipped. “A lecture would have sufficed. But you pushed me, Holmes. You pushed me with your attitude and foul habits.”
"He'd still be here if not for Jim, don't you see? My story isn't even unique. Every highwayman has been affected by that monster. He's just a royal bloody tosser who doesn't give a shite about anyone but himself. He needs to be stopped! That's why we exist!"
John unlocked his bedsit door, nervous for some reason. Sherlock hadn’t been here yet and John never thought the detective would set foot in his meager flat. It had occurred to John once to invite him over, but he’d ultimately decided against it. 221 was so much bigger and nicer. It was closer to the tube, it had Mrs. Hudson and Speedy’s right there, it was closer to his job at the clinic, and best of all? Sherlock. John initially reasoned his bedsit was at least absent of body parts, but that wasn’t necessarily a plus anymore.
made something sad and ugly appear in his heart. He pushed the feeling away. Dwelling on the past or future was useless here. There was only today. Every day he only had to get through today.
“Maybe you’ll remember this next time you want to smoke on school property! You’ve had a foul attitude ever since stepping foot in my office.”
He closed the box and stood, tiptoeing over to him and handing over the bottle. He dropped to his knees and looked up at his dom.
Jim stepped closer to the bars. In the firelight, his black eyes glowed like a devil’s. "And then I'll leave you here to die, just like your uncle did."
“Works in the city, maintains long hours. Look at the lipstick on his shirt. She doesn’t wear lipstick.”
“What’d he say?” John asked. He bit back the annoyance in his tone. He didn’t particularly want to go case chasing right now. Not after his therapy session and not after the violent nightmare he’d had. More sex and a nap sounded perfect but there was no way he was going to sit back while Sherlock went off to dangerous crime scenes to investigate.
Sherlock ducked into the dim alley beside Mike’s building. A lamp on the corner cast the alley in dank light, highlighting the rusty skip and puddles pooling in the uneven concrete. Sherlock glanced around the back of the skip and saw his duffel bag waiting just as promised. A member of his homeless network had come through once again, picking up the duffel from Baker Street and bringing it here. He couldn’t exactly have brought it with himself, as bringing a duffel to a dinner would be odd even for him. He picked it up and pulled out the faded skinny jeans and tight grey Rolling Stones Tshirt—the tongue logo licking right across his chest. He changed in seconds and stuffed his other clothes into the duffel, finally exchanging his expensive shoes for the taped up trainers. He pulled a cheap play collar around his neck and mussed his hair, then carefully swiped some eyeliner on and wrapped a leather cuff around his wrist. He didn’t have a mirror, but he knew what he was doing. He knew what made doms, especially rich wealthy doms like Coel, turn their heads. He stashed everything back in the bag and left a fifty pound note at the top of the pile before zipping it up and hiding it away behind the skip. Someone would come by in an hour or so and take the cash and deliver the bag back to Baker Street. Easy peasy.
“Hm…” John sank to the cushion, pulling Sherlock down with him. The sub gulped when John settled him over his knee, adjusting him and pulling at him so that his bare arse was right on his lap. “Very nice…settle…” John rubbed his bare hand over his bum and back and Sherlock grabbed the sofa cushion, clutching it to his chest. John’s warm bare thighs under his sensitive cock was nice and he could feel the doctor’s erection pressing into his side. He licked his lips and for some reason felt mildly embarrassed. His bum felt high and nearly obscene over John’s knee.
"Poor kid." He murmured. Mike nodded and Sherlock returned with Betsy. No wine was in sight. His face was expressionless, though there might have been a pink tinge around his eyes. They both sat back in their respective chairs and if Sherlock was sitting a little closer to Betsy than he had been before, no one said anything.
The high strains of a violin sang through the quiet courtyard and John, already hobbling along slowly, paused to listen. The music swelled and John stood there, mouth agape, listening to the rising notes, held sweetly before slipping into a soothing descent. The music sank directly into his despondent soul and something deep inside of him that had nothing to do with the night's activities started to ache. The music was melancholy but hopeful and it made something angry and hard inside of him loosen and quiet. He wished he knew more about music so he could know what he was listening to. With his hand braced on the brick wall his eyes drifted closed and he listened. The music filled him and he forgot he was a prisoner and a whore. He forgot everything and just listened. For a brief moment, he felt free of this place.
“Thanks.” He stepped out of the flat and froze. A stranger was clutching Sherlock’s leash. His back was to John but the look of anger and fear on his sub’s face was palpable.
John filled his bucket with cold water from the pump and found a seat on the bench between Molly and Danny. Molly was a genuine ray of sunshine in this hellhole and John had no idea how she kept up such a damned cheerful facade. Some people thought she was happy because she was ignorant or simple. John, on the other hand, marveled at it. More than once her innate light had kept him from going to places too dark. He was lucky, he reasoned. A month after his run in with Buck he’d fought off a new male concubine who tried to attack her in the herana. The guards had killed her attacker for refusing to see guests and follow the rules. John only suffered a black eye, split lip, and bruised kidney for his trouble. Molly had admonished him even as she tended his wounds, telling him not to make a target of himself and not to show weakness by protecting her. He’d vehemently disagreed. He’d pissed blood for ten days because of the kidney but even so, he’d not regretted his actions. Once everyone realized their combined skill in mending bones and making the pain go away, they gave John and Molly a wide, respectful berth.
John fit the wooden box into the suitcase at Sherlock’s insistence, then he unclipped his chain. “Get dressed again.”
“Ow!” Logan yelped, dropping his body. Sherlock kicked his leg out, slamming Logan behind the knee. The man toppled to the ground and Sherlock glanced towards the other room. The front door. If he could just get outside and find someone he could be free. He scrambled to his feet…only to stumble as all of the feeling drained from his muscles. He staggered into the table and braced himself on the sturdy wood, breathing hard. A few scabs had torn open and he was bleeding freely again.
“Let me rub some lotion on your sore spots, then you can look at the footage, okay?” John stroked his arm, not wanting to lost him to the case and the mind palace so early in the day. “I
He closed his eyes, sighing into Sherlock’s curly hair. Outside the rain lashed the windows and thunder rumbled in the clouds. John lay content with his sub cradled in his arms and slept.
For the next few days, John and Sherlock spent most of their time together. John would come over after work shifts and more often than not, spend the night. He didn’t make another attempt at dominance like he had on the sofa so Sherlock’s blood stayed safe in his veins. The detective did have a hell of a time with the infected plague blood though, even freezing some to use later.
He asked himself. John felt guilty in a way, his thinking about Sherlock meant he wasn’t thinking about Afghanistan and all the good and awful memories it had poured into his head. Using a sub he barely knew to escape from his problems probably wasn’t healthy and seemed to be the kind of thing Ella would purse her lips at and jot notes about. Sherlock had been rude and every inch of his body language screamed 'don't touch!' He was snippy and caustic and clearly hated anything to do with doms.
John bit his shoulder, then pulled off and kissed the stinging spot. He stood up. “Stand.” He smacked his sub’s bum and Sherlock got to his feet.
“About a year?” Mike said, thinking. “I ran into him at Bart’s—he’s a good kid, he really is, he’s just, kind of in a bad way right now. Getting better though.”
doctor’s not here!” He shot back. He picked a piece of cantaloupe rind off his breakfast tray and flung it at his brother. It bounced off his chest and Sherlock looked triumphant. John had gone back to 221 to “have a proper shower and clean up the place for when you come home.” He wasn’t back yet. He had been…odd, these past few days. Distant, despite sharing his hospital bed. Sherlock saw the far off look in his eyes when he thought his sub was asleep and he wondered what John was thinking about. Was this case the final straw in their relationship? How long could he reasonably expect John to continue to date him if cases like this could pop up at any moment?
“That’s okay.” Sherlock looked up at him, eyes wide and open and pleading. “Use them, John. Please?”
"Mot? Dot?! Anyone!" John called again. His voice was panicky and shrill, even to his own ears. No one answered.
Sherlock clenched his teeth and stomped over to his table. He picked up a glass canister and lobbed it hard at his brother. Mycroft gasped and leaped aside. The canister shattered across the stone floor.
On the other side of the aisle, Molly sat on a stool and watched. There was something between those two. All day long Sherlock would cast glances back at the army doctor and of course she wasn't going to forget John staring at Sherlock's arse earlier. Now he was eating right off the spoon? It didn't take a genius to see that the boys were interested in each other. Her timer went off and she crouched to check on her pie. A budding baking romance. She smiled, eager to see where it would end up.
. Remember that. Every couple rows, but there’s nothing wrong with cooling off and then talking about it later over a cuppa when you’re both more rational, hm?”
“Yeah, well.” John pulled his hand away. “Good for you, you figured it out. Your stupid dom can’t ignore the nightmares. God, Sherlock, even if you wanted me to dom you right now in a scene, I don’t think I could.”
John pulled the two ends of white rope down, pulling them taut between his bottom cheeks. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat but he widened his knees and John pulled the ropes forward and up, tying them to the black ropes on his chest. He checked the tension on his wrists, running delicate fingers over the rope and skin. His fingers and arms were the right colors; the blood flow wasn’t getting choked off.
“You took that cropping so well,” John murmured, soaping him. “That was beautiful. I love how much you love it.” He kissed Sherlock’s shoulder and kept talking to him, murmuring sweet nothings. “Turn please.”
Two guards quickly opened the door, slipped into his cell, and removed his gag and shackles. John badly wanted to rub his face and shoulders but he didn't dare show any discomfort in front his enemy.
This trusting vulnerability in the concubine made Sherlock's heart do something wobbly and he turned to face the window and the half-open drapes. He looked down into the dark courtyard below. He was finding himself becoming very fond indeed of John Watson.
“Ulgh, John!” Jim’s stood over him. “You got blood on me!” Jim hissed in disgust and  used the white loincloth to wipe himself off. He patted John’s bum and walked away, whistling merrily. John heard him moving around in the other room and he laid there, aching, bleeding, and raw. He allowed himself a few moments to cry silently into the carpet before he lifted his head. The chain at his throat clinked and he saw that he was chained to the bed leg. He curled onto his side. His hips were throbbing. He arse was aching. His arm was sore from where he’d bit it and his face was burning and stinging from the punches. He took a few deep breaths and willed himself to calm down. In and out, in and out. Just keep breathing. As long as he was breathing, he would be fine.
“I really like it, love.” They crashed together in a hungry kiss. “My sub.” John growled. “All mine.” He kissed his sub’s mouth and held his crotch possessively. He hooked two fingers under the collar and tugged. Sherlock hummed in delight.
They got off at the Knightsbridge Tube stop and wound their way along the crowded pavement towards the south side of Harrod’s. They made a quick turn down an alley behind a little overpriced cafe, per Lestrade’s directions. A faint mist had begun and the air was dusted with microscopic water droplets. Scotland Yard had dragged out some floodlights, brightening up the dank alley to a midday gleam. John pulled his sub aside before they got too close.
John sipped his tea and looked at his sub, getting his ‘dom face’ on. He wanted to be a stroppy, whiny submissive? Fine. As far as John was concerned, he was in need of a firm hand and some correction. Nothing unduly harsh, of course. John put the mug down.
John drummed his fingers on the back of an armchair as she made her way up the steps. He felt sort of bad bothering her, but
“Here we go…” He flipped through them. Chinese, burgers, Vietnamese, some kind of kebab thing, ah, here it was—
Sherlock laughed. His Rhine was rusty but this he understood. "I agree." He smiled. "His face is indeed very punchable."
John put a bracing hand on the back of Sherlock's neck. "Try the coffee." He encouraged, "then tell me about what doesn't make sense."
It was like a barrel of ice water dumped over his head and the sort of stomach-drop roller coaster sensation. Sherlock made a face at the phone and quickly swiped around the screen, adding Seb’s number to the ‘blocked call’ list. There. He should have done that ages ago. His fist clenched around the phone as he reread the text, along with the other ones from him that were saved in his inbox. With a growl, he stabbed out a curt reply:
"Ready?" Bill said, rolling up the map. John pulled his dark green gaiter up off his throat, obscuring everything below his eyes.
“No.” Greg said, sorting out some of the papers. “Just a house. Nice for one bloke—don’t think he spends much time there since he works in the city so much.”
“I don’t need your sodding help!” Sherlock hissed, angry that his arm was hurting and angry that the bossy doctor’s tone was actually affecting him. He didn’t need to sub for anyone! He could take care of himself. That way, Seb and no one else would hurt him ever. No doubt John could see the effect this was having too, as Sherlock couldn’t even make eye contact. What John said next didn’t help matters any.
Sherlock hummed and rubbed his face against John's shoulder before stepping back. "I'll be off cases for a bit." He said to Greg.
"Mm-hm." John brought the empty pan to the sink to wash. Sherlock handed over used bowls and utensils. "There's some mild abrading as well. I haven’t seen what's under the bandages yet. We're getting x-rays today."
“But you’re a switch.” Sherlock pointed out. “Why did you go through the same hormonal fluctuations that a dominant would?”
John put the cup down, nearly missing the nearby table. His fingers tightened in the white loincloth. His vision went a bit hazy. How the hell was any of this real?
"I'm fine." He smiled and brushed the leaves and clods of dirt from his arms. All his clothes were covered. The cloak had got the worst of it but his trousers were sodden and one arm was thick with mud. It had even gone down his boots. He scowled. The trip back to Chilgrave would be uncomfortable indeed.
“Don’t think so.” He clicked the pins a few times, admiring Sherlock on his knees, then set them on the coffee table. “Up, please.” He tossed the gown aside.
John stood up. If Sherlock really was that fucking bored, he could provide plenty of distraction. He deserved time with his sub. Without giving himself the benefit of pausing and actually thinking rationally about the thundering thoughts that had just pounded through his head, he barked out an order at his sub.
"Sore." Sherlock said, clearing his throat. He shifted on his knees and cradled the mug. "The medication is helping but it makes me annoyingly sleepy."
He popped down the steps and peeked his head into her open flat. Festive fairy lights were strung up and he could see her decorated tree glowing in the sitting room. He blinked at the sight in the kitchen. Her table and countertops were loaded with food. Everyone was in the sitting room and he crept into the kitchen to get better look. Crock pots of meatballs and bacon-wrapped dates were beside platters of pigs in a blanket. Hot spinach dip was being served with little slices of garlic toast. Chicken wings and loads of sauces were spread out on the table, along with a half-hearted veggie tray. John's eyes went wider at the chocolate-raspberry cheesecake iced with tasteful white frosting in the shape of snowflakes. The spread was magnificent and could feed an army. He speared a meatball and chewed thoughtfully. He liked to read. How exclusive was this club?
“I would see Owen now and then.” Vincent said. “He had school and I work pretty grueling hours in the city. I would have gone to his graduation. He was due to graduate soon, yes?”
“Hands clasped behind you.” Sherlock told him. “Wrists together.” John pressed his hands together behind and Sherlock leaned down, tying the rope around them and making a fat knot. He realized belatedly that he didn’t know much fancy rope work. When John bound him, he’d done up his arms in some kind of pattern. Sherlock had only really done self bondage that didn’t leave room for beautiful knots and designs. The rope looked paltry and ineffective on John’s wrists and Sherlock wondered if he should have used cuffs instead. Oh well, too late now.
Three thirty-four found John twirling his cardboard coaster, waiting for his pint and Mike to arrive at the table. It was quiet in the pub and the staff were chatting near the kitchen, eying the patrons now and then.
Sherlock leaned forward and rested his arms on the carpet. John tugged his cock back between his spread legs and tied the taut leather to the lower part of the fire grate where it wasn’t too hot.
“Is it safe?” John crept down the hallway. “If she saw me,” he gestured to his still straining cock, “it would be obvious that we were at it.”
Despite everything, John laughed. This particular ridiculous case had lead them to a department store crowded with shoppers in the week before Christmas. The perp, wanted for killing two people, was working a till in the holiday seasonal area of the store. Lestrade, Sherlock, and John had shown up and the man had recognized Sherlock in an instant. He ran. They followed. Customers darted out of the way as Sherlock, John and the killer played a sort of 'tag' game around the displayed, decorative trees. John had seen an opening, had pounced on the man. He tried to jump out of the way. Off-balance, the murderer slammed into Sherlock and the three of them went down, taking two trees with them.
John opened the cabinet and saw the bottle of pills and a box of tea. He took both down and added water to the kettle, switching it on.
“Stop throwing food.” Mycroft scolded. He picked up the cantaloupe rind and threw it away. “John is on his way back.”
"Okay, whew." John poked at the sizzling sausages. "I know not everyone is into…" He gestured to Sherlock, "this." John smiled at his sub with pride and love beaming off his face.
all the way down the other side, delighting in the little shrieking squeal sound Sherlock made into his elbow. He rubbed the leather tip over his balls and his hips jerked in surprise.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if you were—given how monumentally stupid that was! And you can thank the stars you’re not, otherwise I’d be sobering you up right good.”
“Not throwing it off.” Sherlock said quietly. “You can hang your shirts and put your trousers in this drawer. I can move these things to this dresser.” Sherlock indicated a set of drawers on the other side of the room.
Sherlock focused his attention on these muscles, rubbing and pressing and kneading and tapping and stimulating the area as much as possible to get the blood moving. After twenty minutes of this, he shifted back off John’s arse and straddled his knees. He oiled his hands again and mashed them into John’s cheeks, rubbing at the glutes.
Mycroft’s face took on a pained, concerned look and he consulted a gold watch tucked into a pocket. “I’m afraid I don’t know. Now, what about my offer? I can make you wealthy, John.”
"Rub it into my scalp." Sherlock commanded lazily. John did, massaging the stuff into Sherlock's curls. The scent of fresh fruit filled the steaming room. Sherlock's hair was soft and thick and John worked his fingers through the plush strands. He rubbed circles over Sherlock's temples and pressed his finger pads against the back of his skull, rubbing up and down and side to side. He scraped fingernails up to the crown of his head and Sherlock moaned.
“Hello?” Donovan was speaking a bit more rudely than was strictly necessary and she turned to Sherlock and John, rolling her eyes and throwing her hands up. Another employee appeared from the back room, tying her apron on.
"Let's not let that stop us, I am too." John showed off his own ring and slipped his fingers in between the handsome man's. He let his voice drop to a whisper and he leaned in to the man's ear. "I don't think my husband will mind." John smiled when the handsome man with the lovely hair swallowed and shivered. He shook his head.
“No way. This sofa is way too small for a lanky genius like you. You’ll wake up with a crooked back.”
“To what do we owe this behavior?” Mycroft asked. “Not enough dead people in the city for you today?” He stepped over a flung out arm and pushed a curtain open.
John stared at the floor. This was insane. He had to be in a nightmare. Three days ago he'd been a free man, working with his team. Everything had been great. Hell, the risk of getting caught was half the fun, but this wasn’t fun at all. He thought of Mot's corpse twitching violently and the life leaving Bill’s eyes. He squeezed his eyes shut. Those images would haunt him for the rest of his life.
John sipped the brew and grinned into the mug. He hadn’t been to his own flat in days. He should probably stop by to see that it was still standing and the rats hadn’t taken over. It was weird, 221 felt more like home than his own bedsit ever had. Or maybe it was the person occupying it that made it feel like a home.
"It was good to meet you, Sherlock." He said, looking him in the eye. He extended his hand. Sherlock stared down at it for a moment before taking it and squeezing. "Likewise." He said stiffly. He swept out the door and was gone.
"Yeah. Listen, Mrs. Hudson is part of a book club and they're doing this thing in December where they read a book every week. Like an extra challenge."
John nodded, trying to force down the blush on his neck. God, he felt like he had when he was sixteen and his football coach caught him snogging another boy in the locker room after practice.
Sherlock Holmes didn't usually make a habit of purchasing stolen jewelry in dark, moldy warehouses, but tonight he was making an exception. The 'Barsanti Brothers,' as the media had named them, were responsible for a 9 month long string of jewel heists across the city. It was a stupid name‒the pair weren't even related, any idiot could see that. Joel Barsanti was one half of the duo, but his counterpart was a female friend or lover named Dee. Jewelry shop security footage showed them wearing face masks, but it was obvious (to him, anyway) from the shape of her head that she was female.
Sherlock shifted beside him. “I can’t say with any sincerity that I would respond well to that, John. I’m used to being independent. I’m used to keeping my own hours.”
John bit into his ham on rye as Sherlock detailed an experiment he had growing in the toilet tank in 221B, grinning as he waved his arms, miming having to plunge the toilet. The man was probably certifiably insane, but John found he loved it. Sherlock said and did some of the most bizarre things—he kept
“He’s asleep. In hospital.” Greg said. Sherlock frowned and sat down. “He lost a lot of blood and the doctors are keeping him sedated.”
"Er, not at all." He said, still not completely okay with this but not wanting to be rude. "The more the merrier, as they say."
John crept in sheepishly, head tilted down, proverbial tail between his legs. Greg stiffened, glancing him over, assessing to see how intense the Defense was.
It was there: a tiny glowing spark deep down. He did love him. In such a short amount of time he had fallen hard for the younger man. John smiled and opened the fridge to look for dinner. In the blast of cold air his smile faded. Did Sherlock love him?
The evening ran long and Sherlock didn’t even complain once to John about how bored he was. During dessert Mycroft lead a toast “to the happy couple.”
“No, Sherlock. I won’t have it. I told you at the police station—no sub of mine is going to be rude.”
Sherlock stared at John’s dark, dark eyes with his own mouth open in shock. His dom’s lips were red and his face was flushed. He was taking deep breaths and he was hard in his jeans. Sherlock wondered how long he’d been in Defense. “I’m fine.” Sherlock assured him. “Let’s go.”
He closed the door behind the driver and saw John grinning down at his stuff. He slipped his hands around his doctor from behind and kissed his temple.
“Tomorrow?” John squeezed his hand. “I want to talk to you about rules and discipline,” he grinned, “but my head feels like something the cat dragged in.”
“No.” Sherlock scoffed. “Relax, will you?” He sounded irritated but he couldn’t help it. John was being such a damn martyr. “You didn’t sodomize me with a broken bottle, you were simply over excited.”
Bill Murray went up last and John took a deep breath. Something inside him, something bright and ambitious that craved adventure and justice was snapping piece by piece and now, with Bill's death, the whole thing would shatter. John just hoped for a clean snap.
That evening, John sat between Sherlock and Molly on the sofa. Mrs. Hudson had joined the fun and was sitting in Sherlock's armchair. Greg was in John's. It wasn't bad, really. John had ordered enough food for everyone and Greg and Molly had brought a load of snacks. He and Sherlock were sharing a blanket and Sherlock was sweetly curled against him. Sitting by the glow of the Christmas tree, with a fire crackling in the hearth, and surrounded by the company of friends, there wasn't much more a person could ask for.
"Wow, what service." He picked up the fork and took a bite of the soft yellow eggs and sweet fried tomatoes. It was utterly delicious. "You should spend the night at my flat after every case if it means I'll get this." He winked at John and Sherlock rolled his eyes. Greg shoveled some beans onto the toast and into his mouth. "You could open a breakfast place with this."
It wasn't a familiar arrow, certainly not one of the ones on his mud-soaked back. He'd been the only one today on the hunt to carry arrows so that must mean there was someone else in the woods‒someone who wanted him dead. He blinked. Who in Hibern wanted him dead? He didn't know anybody here. Unless he was mistaken for someone else?
John stood up a little straighter. Bread was not his strong point. The dough never rose as high as he wanted it to. It didn't help that this week he'd been busy working double shifts and only had one night to practice at all.
“Sorry Tiff.” She said, lifting the blanket and pulling the purple and white phone out of her pocket. John? She trotted into the other room and answered. “Hey John.”
“I’m stable.” Sherlock said. “John’s a doctor and we live together. Anything else that needs to be done he can do at the flat.”
In the end, he did let Molly pierce his ears with the long rods glowing in the fire. She was quick to provide numbing cream she’d made herself, which he appreciated greatly. The three gold loops felt weird in the cartilage of his left ear, the weight odd and uneven.
Sherlock thought about this. He didn't want to be with Mrs. Hudson. She would dote and worry and get on his nerves. Mike…? He didn't want to go there. He didn't want to be with a submissive. A dominant then. Mycroft? Lord no. Lestrade?....Hm. Yes, the officer's flat with the old sofa and green blanket and musky dom smell sounded good. Sherlock wanted to be near a dom he knew. Would John let him or would he be jealous? The last thing he wanted was a Defensive episode.
King Jim Moriarty entered the little corridor. He wore a thick, deep green cloak to ward off the damp chill. A gold crown was on his dark head and something‒John couldn't make out what‒glittered on his chest. He turned to face John and smiled. John felt very much like a steak being examined by a starving man.
Mike nodded. He couldn’t help much with the guns and bad guys, but science? Science he knew something about.
"I wasn't asleep." Greg stood up and stretched. John looked frazzled. His eyes were red and tired and his hair was a nest. Even his wrinkled, rumpled clothes looked exhausted. He set his bag aside and glanced around.
“I finished your leftovers.” He said, gesturing the to empty plates on the platter. “I also, er, had a bath.” He bit his lip. “Called the servants. They thought it was for you.”
They talked for a bit and when the conversation turned towards all things medical, Betsy got up and wandered into the sitting room. Sherlock was cross-legged on the table, looking up at the wall notes.
“Would I be able to substitute a few items?” Sherlock asked, looking at his neck and hands. “I have a sensitive palate.”
"In here, please." Betsy called. Sherlock rose, a mutinous look on his face, and slipped the phone into his pocket. "Here,” she said, “you can help me…"
John was in unfamiliar territory and the other man was simply taller than he was. John was used to tall doms. People always thought they could intimidate him by lording over him and John had been forced to learn very fast how to make himself look as big and dominant as possible. He could easily subdue a man twice his size with a couple well placed punches (military training came in handy for that kind of thing) but he knew it wouldn’t come to a fist fight. He had the strong impression that if this man wanted him hurt he would simply make a few phone calls and get him taken away, never to see the light of day again.
Sherlock grinned at her annoyed face and tugged his arm out of her grasp and strode away. “Car grease!” he called over his shoulder.
” He winked at his dom over his shoulder. John pulled his clothes up, delighted they were doing this. Sherlock bundled an outfit together. “I’ll change in the loo and then… wait in the sitting room?”
He paused by their table. “Good evening, sirs. My name is Logan and I’m one of the chefs here. Were there some substitutions you would like on the menu?” His eyes were on Sherlock the entire time and when the detective gave him a sweet grin, his face broke into a smile.
“Sherlock’s welfare of course. Subs can be so difficult to manage, being the weaker dynamic and all.”
Sherlock grunted as he stormed past and Mrs. Hudson frowned. A passel of scribes and servants followed Sherlock to his rooms and Sally lingered in Mrs. Hudson's doorway. "I don't know what happened." She said. "He was alright at Chilgrave‒seemed almost happy, in fact."
“John is not ‘a lot’ of doms. Are you coming up to the point of this conversation or shall I guess?”
“Anytime now.” John grinned at him and Sherlock got on the bed. He straddled John’s thighs, then decided he was too low. He moved up, sitting right on John’s warm bum. Oh yes, this was perfect. His cock jerked and he looked down, contemplating for the first time what it would be like to penetrate his dominant. He tilted his head in thought. Would
Sherlock wrote a couple more sentences and John got up. He walked into the kitchen and the moment he was out of sight, Sherlock’s hand went back into his pants.
“We both work full time.” Michael added. “Two days before I, well, it happened, we just stayed in and ordered take away. The night after that we went out to eat. I ran some errands after.” Jenkins shrugged. “Bought some odds and ends. Got a coffee.”
He didn’t, of course. His hand moved again, chafing, squeezing, rubbing his cock. Jim grabbed his balls and gave them a vicious twist. John grunted in pain and Jim stood up. John leaped up and shoved Jim back. “Stay away from me!”
It was hard, flat pain that simmered through his bottom and made him feel like a naughty sub who'd disobeyed his dominant. He wished more than anything that John wouldn't be upset with him but he also knew that that wouldn’t begin to happen until the spanking was over. He squeezed the bed sheet, whining softly in his throat as the pain deepened into something harsher and longer lasting. John was smacking him pretty hard and he would feel this tomorrow for sure.
“Yep.” John said. “The one on the left is from an alcoholic and the one on the right is healthy—just removed in fact. Since it’s still technically living, I thought you might want to do some experiments.”
Sherlock paused after the rapid delivery and tilted his head back, looking down at John like he was steeling himself for a sharp rebuff.
Sherlock found peace in the corner, and his brain was delighted with the idea of fucking John. He would let him! He would be allowed. How could he do it? Fast, hard? What would John like? Would he like it slow or fast? Gentle or rough? Goodness. So many decisions.
John couldn’t really find a reason to argue with that, and he certainly didn’t mind spending so much time at 221. He wondered if Sherlock would ask him to move in soon. He practically lived here anyway. That was a big step though, one John didn’t want to broach with him yet. Sherlock valued his independence, that much was obvious, and he might prefer John to have his own space. They hadn’t even been dating for two months but John realized he was ready. If Sherlock asked, he would move no question. Moving in together meant sharing a bed with him every night, which would naturally lead to sex.
Sherlock came out of the toilet, looking exhausted and John forgot all about the phone. “You’re due another round of meds.”
Only when the spray turned cold did they regretfully shut the water off and pat themselves down with towels. Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him back to bed, shoving the ropes to the floor and dragging John down into the sheets with him, snuggling him like he was a plush toy. John grinned at his adorable possessiveness and settled beside him. He had never looked forward to moving house so much in his life.
He shoved it back into the envelope, his heart pounding. He needed to tell someone. This was getting to be too much. He squeezed the cardboard. How could he say anything
doing better. He could feel it and see it in the way Ella reacted to his answers. He really only had energy right now for a cold beer on the sofa and a football game. Sherlock at his feet wouldn’t be unwelcome either.
Sherlock snorted. "The bloody hearts and feelings treaty, you mean." His voice was scathing. The Treaty of Comity and Accord had been signed by Sherlock and Mycroft's grandfather and Jim's grandmother. Basically it said that the two nations would be strong allies and provide for each other in times of need. Jim had a lot of need. He’d managed to alienate nearly every potentially friendly ally known to him. Only Britannia had been daft enough to sign a treaty saying they’d stick by Hibern and thus Jim no matter what.
“Don’t you dare!” John pushed him down on the desk, keeping in place with a hand on his back and Sherlock squirmed around. He enjoyed the swats and bucked his leaking cock forward. Any moment now…
“There you go. Good boy.” John petted his damp hair. “We’ll talk tomorrow, love. Sleep now, just settle and sleep.”
"‒Oh, Dr. Watson." Sadie, one of the weekend nurses, came out of exam room four with a bundle of cloth and rubbish. "Sarah said you could pop in and use four quickly if you need to."
"Dee!" He yelled. "Melissa is looking for you!" He caught a glimpse of her slowing down before he was shoved. The greasy guy suddenly slammed him into the solid concrete wall beside the stairs and Sherlock coughed, the wind knocked out of him. Greasy advanced on him and Sherlock heard Dee shout something. Again the man held the gun up and Sherlock leaped forward, tackling him around the middle. Greasy twisted in midair like a writhing snake and both of them tumbled arse over teakettle down the flight of concrete steps.
Paul stopped talking and Mary stared at Sherlock with her best "I'm judging the hell out of you and finding you wanting" face on.
Best of three turned into best of five, then best of nine, and so on. Ten games in and the entire congregation of the pub was crowded around their table. The smell was awful. Everyone watched in a tense sort of silence as the merchant made his move.
The grainy, silent black and white footage showed the mechanics staggering out of a dark pub doorway. Dixon was with them. They stood there for a moment in conversation and as a group, moved off-frame. Another piece of footage popped up—a different camera from a different angle. It was Dixon walking on his own down a deserted street. He turned a corner and vanished. Another angle from another camera popped up, showing the group, minus two of the mechanics, walking past a late-night chippy and out of frame. That was the end of the footage.
He jerked awake, staring blindly around the dim bedroom. He saw the window and the armchair in the corner, but nothing looked familiar. There was a hand grabbing his good shoulder, insistently shaking him. He smacked it off with a raged growl and shoved the person beside him into the headboard. The wood bashed against the wall with a tremendous
“Where else do you think he would go?” She asked calmly. Betsy walked over to the curtains and pushed one aside, peering up and down the street.
"William Sherlock Prescott Holmes, you come to this table and eat this bloody sticky ginger cake right now, or so help me God, I will drag you over here myself."
“Prison. He admitted easily to killing the subs, but he was trying to convince us that what he was doing was correct. He’s completely sure that he was doing the right thing by killing them. With yours and Michael Jenkins’ testimonies, plus this other information we have, he’ll go to prison for a long time. The other victims we found, the body parts…” Greg shrugged. “Logan had to get rid of the bodies somehow. With Jazz he had no idea what he was doing and figured the binmen would pick up the trash and no one would be any wiser. Owen he killed and dumped in the river. We raided his house and found a list of potential targets.” Greg tossed the cap down.
"But you're crying for them, and I can tell that you're a good person. So they must have been good too."
Sherlock stretched his legs out, nudging John’s knee, digging his bare toes under his dom’s thigh for warmth.
“Shut up!” Was the first thing he snapped at the doctor. John’s smirk faded instantly, his expression changing to angry steel.
No fingerprints. Gloves and corpse decay were working in the murderer’s favor. The tox screen showed the wild dosages of drug, but no other foul play. If the murderer just needed his victims pliant and willing, Flunitrazepam would do the trick. It was relatively easy to get as well. They still had no description to go on. Jenkins hadn’t seen the killer’s face but had said ‘he’. Likely a dominant, easily able to overpower subs or seduce a sub. Maybe. Not a medical man, given the haphazard sawing at the bones. Not terribly intelligent either, given his miscalculation of the dosages. That there was a unintelligent murderer out there, succeeding, was maddening and also more insulting than Sherlock cared to admit.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He couldn’t die. John was out there and he loved John and he was not going to die at the hands of some lunatic, not while he had any strength left in his body. He grit his teeth and surged upright. His knees were quivering like an excited Chihuahua and he knew he must look a sight painted in rust brown and bright red, the dark slices on his body covered in purple-red scabs.
and see if it could go anywhere, but what he wanted wasn’t the issue here. No, it was all up to Sherlock. It would be completely reasonable if he didn’t want to take a new dom now and possibly not ever. Not after the rough go of the relationship he’d just had.
“Sure. We just restocked. I’ll give you some feverfew and aloe too, for after. Lot of people getting fucked tonight. Probably be some injuries.”
They took a cab back to B, doing their best to keep their hands to themselves in the backseat (they failed). Sherlock paid the driver when they arrived.
He headed to the kitchen, snagging his phone along the way, and flipped on the coffee maker. He dashed off a quick text to Sherlock:
“Legs apart.” He said. Sherlock stepped his feet apart and John pulled the ends of the rope down between his legs and up around either side of his bum, creating a sort of jock strap kind of thing. He wrapped the cord around his testicles and did some kind of complicated series of knots all along his shaft. Sherlock gulped and rested his hands on John’s head.
John blinked and looked over his shoulder and sure enough, the ropes were all laid out. Three bundles, black, white and purple, were wrapped up neatly. John cleared his throat and got to his feet and sat on the sofa. He ran fingers over the black ropes. They were silky and sateen under his fingertips, soft enough to feel good but rough enough for the fibers to cling and hold tight. The white ropes made him frown. Thin and acrylic, it was more like cheap clothesline than anything that would be worthy of being wrapped around his sub’s flesh. It would dig into the skin and hurt. John picked up the purple ropes, noting appreciatively that they were less rope and more pashmina silk scarf. A sinfully soft roll of flat plum fabric.
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock grumped. He’d heard all this before, of course. Saltpeter was an essential component of gun powder. Mycroft was determined to arm each soldier in Britannia with a pistol and obviously a gun was useless without bullets.
Molly Hooper was at a friend’s house, watching a movie while tucked under a checkered blanket. A bowl of popcorn was balanced on her knee and her friend was curled on the armchair. Molly’s ringtone broke through the air and she set the popcorn aside.
They used the lift and walked down the narrow, clean corridor to Greg's flat. He unlocked his door. They stepped inside and he flipped on the light, illuminating the slightly shabby yet comfortable space. A brown leather chair and squashy sofa faced each other and a small television was on a side table. Some laundry was piled on one side of the sofa and there were a couple mugs and glasses on the small table in front of it. Sherlock inhaled the musky, vaguely cinnamon-and-sweat scent of Greg's flat. His dom smell was a little spicier than John's but was still satisfying and familiar.
Sherlock rolled over and wrapped his arms and legs around his dom, clinging tight like a barnacle. John smiled and gently unbuckled the play collar and eased it off his throat.
“All the more reason for you not to break in to a strange dom’s house. Honestly, Sherlock!” He admonished.
He washed his hair and massaged his scalp for a while, thoroughly enjoying the little moany noises Sherlock made.
John grabbed a big mixing bowl and pulled his folded up recipe out of his pocket. He was going to make a coconut and lime tart. It was creamy and tangy and most important: he'd made it loads of times. He looked up as he gathered limes and coconut cream, trying to see what the others were doing.
"Mm? Oh. Yeah. Well, not in Hibern. It’s damn near impossible to move out of your station. She took good care of me. There were some rough moments." John eyed the scar and rubbed his bicep. "It got infected. I had a raging fever for days. For a while there we thought I'd lose it..." He trailed off again, getting lost in those gorgeous jewel eyes.
“Yes, I see that now. I know—I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” He cried into the bed and John touched the sore skin again, examining. Sherlock tensed up. John nodded to himself. Red and tender. That looked highly effective. He held his hand just over one cheek, palm up, and felt the heat radiating off of him. He let Sherlock be for a moment and went to his box. He put the paddle away and took a bottle of cream. He set it on the side table. Sherlock was curled on his side, his fingers loose on the wrinkled sheets and his face buried in the cotton. His shoulders still trembled with tears. John took a deep breath. It was over. Thank God. It was over and most importantly, Sherlock was safe.
“This paddle is made of rubber and a very thin layer of bamboo—it adds strength as well as flexibility. Make no mistake, this is an instrument for punishing, Sherlock, not play.”
“Here we are.” Logan came back in the room with a bottle of water. He cracked it open, his hands leaving bloody marks on the plastic. He tilted it into Sherlock’s mouth and he sipped as slowly as possible.
Dee hit the top landing and turned the corner. She glanced back at Sherlock and kept running. He pounded up behind her, started to run, and skidded to a halt. A scraggly, lanky man with greasy hair was pointing a gun at his face. Both hands clutched the gun and he was trembling slightly. Another addict. Dee was still running and heading straight for a window illuminated with a brilliant orange and gold sunset that likely had a fire escape on the other side.
John squeezed his hand and Lestrade sat back in his chair. “John?” He asked, writing notes, “do you have anything to add?”
Case-wise, he couldn’t do much more until he had footage, and Molly was still running trace DNA. It was unlikely there would be a match. There wasn’t much to go on in this case. Not yet anyway. Until Mycroft got back to him, he had some time. He made a quick cup of tea and took his laptop to the sofa. He piled some pillows and settled back, then searched for everything he could on switches and dynamics. He even brushed up on PTSD nightmares.
“Kneel up.” John said. Sherlock did, straightening. Everything was still fuzzy and hazy and he blinked slowly as John uncuffed him. It was dark outside, and the fire had burned down to little dancing crackles.
“Or was it that bloke from the case with the cabbie? John—was that his name?” He sipped and promptly burned his tongue. Shit that was hot. He splashed some milk in.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I was in my mind palace‒and call me 'Sherlock,' at least. This "your Highness" business is tedious."
John was sitting on the edge of the bed, his head in his hands and his elbows on his knees. The bedside lamp was flooding washed out light across the floorboards and John and the rumpled bed. Sherlock paused in the doorway, then crept in and sat beside him.
“Samples were taken as soon as he was brought in,” she said, “but at that point things might have metabolized.”
"Don't need mistletoe to kiss me all over this palace." Sherlock grinned and they kissed again, quickly. "What holiday traditions do you have in Hibern?" Sherlock realized he had no idea.
John let out a small sigh. He was off work today and before he learned what was logical or not, he was going to fix himself a cup of that really good coffee he'd gotten from the staff Christmas gift thing at work yesterday. Everything was better when he had coffee. He added a couple careful scoops of the expensive grounds to the machine and flipped it on. He glanced at the kitchen table and blinked. There were papers all over the surface. Was Sherlock up all night solving a case? They'd nothing on. He looked closer at the strewn pages and realized there were several pictures of jolly Father Christmas and a reindeer mixed in with pages and pages of calculations.
The clatter of metal on metal woke John up one cloudy Saturday morning. He glanced at the clock. Half seven. He closed his eyes. The clatter had come from downstairs and John hoped Sherlock wasn't beginning some elaborate, stinky experiment. He wrinkled his nose. It smelled faintly of alcohol.
John glanced at his timer and went over to the other baker, eying his tray. The biscuits were all cut into rather adorable bubbly bumblebee shapes. Some of them were golden, while others were a little charred on the edges. Others looked half raw.
“Oh, thank you.” John was touched. “That’s so thoughtful of you.” He sipped the tea. It was a sort of spicy sweet flavor and he could taste hints of chamomile. After he swallowed, a pleasant mild floral taste lingered on his heated tongue. “Mm,” he took another sip. “That’s delicious.”
“Mike—can you let yourself out?” Sherlock slid his coat on. “This is going to be fantastic—not like that boring dead dom case from this morning.”
John kissed him gently and Sherlock pulled him close. They fell on the sofa John-first and kissed like they were about to be led to the gallows. John bent one leg up between Sherlock’s thighs, pressing against the sub’s hardening cock. Sherlock growled in his throat and John squeezed his nape, very aware of their cocks pushed hot beside each other. He rubbed up and down Sherlock’s long smooth back and eventually they slowed and broke apart. Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulder, breathing hard and gently grinding up against John’s stiff erection, trying to get himself harder.
Sherlock stomped into Lestrade’s office two weeks later in a pissy mood. The DI’s office was empty, the rolling chair pushed back. Sherlock scowled at the mess of papers and folders on the desk. A few empty paper coffee cups were in the bin and there wasn’t a full one on the desk. Greg was getting coffee, likely from the little break room down the hall. He walked closer to the desk, seeing nothing that would indicate a new case. Blast. He needed a distraction. He’d solved three simple website cases in two weeks and installed a cabinet in Mrs. Turner’s flat and with every silly clue and turn of the screwdriver, thoughts of The Kiss had been burning hot in the back of his mind. He wanted to scoff and sweep it away, but the evidence was clear: he enjoyed John’s company and he wanted more of it.
He pushed open the kitchen door and though he didn’t see Sherlock, he smelled something delicious. Containers from Angelo’s were stacked and steaming on the table and he poked through them. Cheese ravioli and 3-meat lasagna and Caesar salad. Perfect. He licked his lips and turned to the sitting room, taking off his coat.
Normally he kept track of all of John’s work shifts. It seems he had forgotten to do that this past week. That was unlike him. Not long after they’d first started dating, he made a point of hacking his dom’s laptop to get his schedule so he would always know where John was. Today he had no idea, and that bothered him. Sherlock glanced into the kitchen. No. He looked at the desk and saw John’s closed laptop and a sticky note taped to the top of it. A phone number was written down, along with the word ‘landlord.’ John must have called him today. He was moving in, after all. Sherlock wondered suddenly if that’s where John was. Maybe he was spending the night away. Maybe he thought he wouldn’t have nightmares in his own flat—away from Sherlock. John had been moaning his name last night through his tears. Sherlock gulped. He wouldn’t be surprised at all if John was away for the night.
Sherlock stared at the wall. This was so boring! This was waste of precious time! It was like John didn’t care at all that someone had been dismembered. He rolled his eyes and tried not to sigh too loudly. He fiddled his fingers, snapping them quickly.
John shrugged helplessly. “Or he was kidnapped.” Panic seized his chest and he grabbed his phone and dialed his sub’s number again as Mike and Betsy jumped up from their seats. “He’s not answering!” John growled.
“How was that, love.” John sat beside him, surprised when Sherlock sat up and kissed him, then nuzzled his face into his neck. “That good?”
“No, he had written down locations where he had seen subs he wanted to target. He would observe the subs and learn their routines, then attack.”
One thing that John was grateful for was that he found steady employment almost directly after coming back to London. The offer had come from a friend of Harry’s of all people, a source John never thought would ever be useful to his career—save explaining to a patient the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption. Harry knew someone who knew someone who needed a temporary doctor to fill in at a clinic. John had happily obliged and now he felt like a productive member of society again and it was nice to supplement his army pension.
Just, you don't have to talk about it if you don't want to, you know? We have stuff you can take to make it easier, to relax and help you forget. Do what the guest tells you until they dismiss you. Then come back here. Don't wander the castle." She said. "Just don't. If they catch you anywhere besides where you're supposed to be, they'll beat you. Kill you even. Remember that."
Sherlock found his blue dressing gown. He put it on and flung the striped one at John. Covered, they both went out to the kitchen. Sherlock sipped his coffee and handed John items as requested. “Feed me?” Sherlock asked when it was nearly done.
The concubines were a varied group made up largely of criminals, from pick-pockets to icy murderers. Anyone who crossed Jim that he didn’t immediately kill got put into the herana to be used as Chilgrave’s guests saw fit. The one thing that united all the concubines was their avid dislike of Jim and it was only through violence that the guards kept them all from rising up. John hated it all.
Seconds later, John was walking into the room. He smiled at his sub and grabbed the cream off the side table. “Hey.” He sat on the bed.
He wanted to shout it from the rooftops. He wanted to plaster it up on all the big screens in Piccadilly. He could have been kidnapped! Where the hell had he gone? John rolled his eyes as Mrs. Hudson called into their flat and knocked.
"There we go." He patted Sherlock's shoulder. He at least seemed amused by it all and John hurried back to his station to spread the creamed, smooth mixture onto the bread and apricots. It looked alright. He glanced up, trying to see what others had done. He never got the chance. Sherlock was bent over, peering into his oven. His bum was staring John right in the face and the former soldier stifled a smile as he admired that bubbly bottom under tight black trousers. Two buttons on each cheek sparkled in the fluorescent tent light and he realized after a few long seconds that he was totally staring at Sherlock's butt and that there were
"Apricots first or brioche first?" He looked dubiously at his pan and layered the bread. It didn't quite fit, so out came the knife. Across the way, Greg was simply stuffing the pieces into the pan, crushing down the apricots already laid within. The cameras were at the front of the tent.
Ash grey clouds crowded the sky the morning of the Holmes’ departure for Hibern and pellets of frozen rain clattered on the ground. Sherlock and Mycroft saw the weather from behind the plates of glass in their heated carriage as they were transported down to the docks to board their respective ships. The carriage, roomy though it was, was crowded with both brothers and their personal guards: Greg Lestrade was here for Mycroft and Sally Donovan was acting as Sherlock’s personal guard. Sherlock and Mycroft faced each other, their guards on either side.
on skin and Sherlock shivered. John did it again to the other side, then slapped the flat disk of plug poking out of his bum. Sherlock squirmed on the floor and John smirked when his boy’s cock tried to stir—unsuccessfully, as it was all tied up in the leather.
“Not that I know of. Dimmock kicked me off the case, so I’ll stay away for a while before reinstating myself—even though I loathe waiting.” He clacked at his keyboard, very aware of John’s eyes on him. “My brain is like a rocket, tearing itself to pieces on the launchpad—it doesn’t do me any good to
"Here's an unpleasant part," Molly said. She looked genuinely contrite. "I need to pierce your ears."
Sherlock glanced at the square white envelope, heavy paper, expensive, addressed in a neat, small, familiar hand. Mycroft chose it first so it can only mean…
"John, how long will you be in London?" She asked. He didn't especially want to talk about his long term plans (seeing as there weren't any) , but it was clear that Sherlock was off-limits so John indulged them, telling them about maybe looking for a flatshare or something and telling amusing stories from his time overseas. He kept his hosts laughing and glossed over many of the grimmer details. The war was still fresh, and he didn't want to dwell too long on the negative aspects and put himself back in that place of helplessness and pain. Sherlock didn't say another word.
Startled, Sherlock paused and turned around, blinking in confusion at the firm tone. John pulled him down for a rough kiss and squeezed the nape of his neck. “Be careful.” He told him. “I don’t want anything to happen to you, love.”
The first day was easy. There was an older woman who simply wanted her feet rubbed for an hour. Another lad, young and clearly uncomfortable with his mother's assignation of a concubine to him, told John to just stand near the window as he went about his business. After fifteen minutes, John politely informed him that should he not wish the company of a concubine, he could dismiss the concubine in question. Back to the herana he went, only to be summoned by a young, pretty woman who had a thing for short men. John didn't want to fuck her, but he did so without complaint when she asked. That's what he was for, after all.
John shook his head and grinned grimly. “No. No love, come up here. Take your clothes off.” He tugged on Sherlock’s collar and his sub climbed up into the bed.
Eventually he hung up the phone and regarded John with a less than impressed expression. He looked at Sherlock, rather, at his collar and the leash attached to it.
"Why has it been so long since you took a case?" John asked, trying to steer the subject away from the police. "Did you go on holiday?"
He hopped up to his feet and set the dildo on the mantle. “I purchased the variety of ropes.” He nodded at the coffee table. John was still laying there, processing ‘practicing’ with Sherlock.
"Coppers!" A voice from the catwalks above them yelled. Sherlock looked up, alarmed. They had a lookout? Dee took off like a bird startled by a shot and headed for the concrete stairs that lead up to the overhang area. Sherlock darted after her at a dead run. He was not going to let her get away. This silly case had gone on far too long. By catching Dee, he would not only solve Mel's case, but put the Barsanti Brothers (honestly) out of business. Her feet slammed the stairs as she ascended. She was in trainers made for running, not fine leather shoes like him. He leaped up two steps at a time, gaining ground. Behind him, people shouted and scuffled and he distinctly heard Donovan shout, "get down and stay there!" It sounded like the coppers had caught Joel and that he was putting up a fight.
The time dragged out and John fidgeted, playing with his fingers and squirming. He wasn't alone. The technical challenges were stressful, and contestants were talking amongst themselves to pass time. Greg wandered over to John's station.
He could practice his oral skills. He wanted to get good at pleasuring John but he was unused to the size of his cock. Surely he could practice with a dildo and some stretching exercises. There
He went to his laptop and began combing through his recipes, compiled by type of baked good, number of steps in the recipe, and ease and speed. He filed away the best ones for his signature bakes.
“Do you think this is fucking okay, you piece of shit?” John’s voice was a deep snarl and he shook him hard, rattling him against the floor. “You think it’s alright to murder submissives?!”
Lestrade and John flew up the M11, siren blaring. Lestrade had called his friend Ian Nichols with the local police in Norwich, only able to tell him that their serial killer was possibly back in The Broads. John gripped the handle above the passenger door as Greg blazed up the thoroughfare, his teeth grit. Even with the siren on, it would take forever to get there. They had obnoxiously little information to go on, but Greg assured him the Norwich police were dutifully searching the huge area.
“Did I say it was? I don’t think it’s my fault. I think I was ignoring you and you were feeling possessive. I think we’re both to blame.”
"Yeah okay." John sipped his brew. It would be fun to catch up with Mike and meet his dom. It would help him get out of his head and make him feel more normal in any case.
John grabbed the blankets in pleasure and Sherlock chuckled, low and deep. The stab wound on his back was starting to get a little sore, but he pressed on. He shifted back and sat deeper on the cock, rocking again with one hand braced on the bed.
“He was an abusive sod who knew I had regular access to police. He was jealous and an idiot. Did I ever take Seb to crime scenes?”
Sherlock was staring at the soot through his microscope. "I think John's reaction speaks for both of us."
John nodded. It was encouraging that he wanted to. Seb had been in his life for so long. John wasn’t sure how willing he’d be to sever that contact.
“Good.” John praised. He leaned down and licked a nipple, pleased when Sherlock gasped. “I love you, Sherlock. You’re gorgeous like this. You’re all spread and ready for me, so trusting.”
“Good.” John let him stay in that position, getting used to it for a few moments. He picked up the crop and absently trailed it over Sherlock’s backside. The detective grunted and leaned forward some more and John grinned. He
Sherlock squirmed and grabbed up some handfuls of bedding to squeeze. John was so upset with him. He’d never been this angry with him. Sherlock bit his lip. And now his arse was going to pay the price.
John did, wincing. Sparks crackled down his bad shoulder and little fingers of fire pushed up his neck. Molly had blinked back tears when she saw him this morning.
"And here I am with you." John said. She grinned and he pulled his tart out, setting it on the rack to cool. Sherlock was staring down at his tart steaming on the cooling rack and John could smell it from where he stood. The cameras were on it and Sue was making moaning noises at it, demanding a piece "really fast so Paul doesn't catch me. Just slip it under the table."
"You got some new strain of opium, I take it? From one of your ‘contacts’? Is this something I should be concerned about? Is Britannia on the cusp of an opium flood?"
. Sherlock bounced up and untied the belt at John’s waist. He slid the gown off his shoulders and down his arms and tossed it by his own on the bed. John gave him the bottle and lay face down on the bed and Sherlock admired his dom’s body. His shoulders and back were strong and his bottom was enticingly plump. He had some softness around his belly and thighs and Sherlock licked his lips.
Sherlock nodded and put his phone away. “Vincent Coel isn’t the tall blond. Our dead sub may have been cheating.”
“I should ask you the same.” He said in a dark tone. John looked up at him. In the failing daylight, he looked positively sinister sitting in the corner of the car in a dark suit and leather gloves. Half his face was in black shadow and he was staring at John with a glare on his face.
John dressed him. They hadn’t done that before, but John had just sort of started pulling clothes for both of them out of the wardrobe and when he came at Sherlock with a pair of pants and a shirt the sub allowed him to slide the pants up his legs, followed by a pair of jeans.
Sherlock snatched the long list and read it over, nodding. “Yes, many of these I can get at home. Mike would know…” he turned away, taking the quill and making notes in the parchment’s white spaces. He opened one of his books, cursing his lack of supplies. He knew exactly which tome he needed but it was tucked away on the shelf in Sherrinford’s infirmary. Damn this whole trip. He sat down, flipping pages in the subpar book and making notes on how he could pinpoint exactly which poison laced this arrow…
They pulled on clothes and headed for the loo. John shaved and Sherlock scrubbed at his teeth, casting sidelong glances at his dom as he lathered his face and scraped the razor over his skin. It was kind of amazing how fast and easy John slotted into his life. If someone had told Sherlock a few weeks ago that he was going to meet a new dom that made him want to get to his knees and eat from his hand he would have broke a rib laughing. The idea of actually eating out of John’s hand though, wasn’t unappealing.
“I didn’t take one before I went down the stairs, no. I wasn’t expecting to see my sub’s stalker outside.”
"They're always grateful for my help, the dolts. Without me, half of London's criminals would still be going free. They couldn't even catch the idiot stealing from their own police force!"
“Ow.” Sherlock muttered on a particularly strong angle. That seemed to encourage his dom and Sherlock grinned. He allowed a couple more good hard thrusts. “John, ow, lube—need more.”
John poured fresh water in the kettle and turned it on. His heart quivered when Sherlock wiped some residual dampness from his eyes. He didn’t regret that hiding, but he hated having to discipline his sub. He went to the cabinet and took down the tea box and Sherlock followed, one hand on his waist. The kettle boiled and John took down two mugs from the shelf. Sherlock idly cupped and touched his ribs and bottom. John’s protective dominance swelled as Sherlock touched him and stayed near and he knew they’d be spending the rest of the evening very close together. Fine with him. He chucked a teabag in each mug and poured boiling water over them both. Sherlock watched over his shoulder, stroking his dom’s hip as the bags steeped. He was being very quiet and John took that as a good sign. If he was really having a problem with anything going on John knew he would be hearing about it. Hell, the neighbors and Mrs. Hudson would be hearing about it. He threw the teabags in the sink and added sugar and milk as needed.
Sherlock didn’t tell him about all the research he had done earlier. “I have a riding crop.” He said. “I also would be interested in some, what do they call it, sensation play?”
"You'll be okay with those uncovered 'til we get home?" John asked, nodding to his torso and indicating the scratches.
Sherlock was wearing his black Gucci suit, dark grey shirt, and fine black leather shoes. A black beanie was pulled over his hair and he'd purposely let his stubble run wild to complete the disguise. His character was a dominant stock trader with more money than sense. He was attempting to appear wealthy enough to purchase multi-carat stolen diamonds, but new enough to a life of crime to be a bit naive about the whole thing.
He warmed himself until a porter appeared with a small spread of food and placed it on the round table near the hearth. Sherlock said nothing as the man left. He heard some clanging and splashing in the bathroom. The servants had used the servant's entrance to the room and they were hauling up buckets of water to fill the tub. Sherlock turned to the food, his stomach growling at the savory aromas.
Greg responded by putting the car in gear and heading out into the traffic. “Just seeing if you’re okay.” He mumbled. “You’re in a bigger strop than normal—
Lestrade knocked on the wooden front door and a teary, red-eyed woman answered. She was in an oversized grey Tshirt slipping off her shoulder and black yoga pants. Her brunette hair was shiny with grease and pulled back in a messy pony tail.
“No.” Sherlock said firmly. His face was pale with alarm and sleep-worn. He looked okay, just scared. “You didn’t hurt me at all.”
“Oh, okay.” John smiled and wiped his sub’s sloppy chin, then dried off his own cock. He tossed the tissue aside and kissed Sherlock on the lips. “Thank you, love.” He bumped their foreheads together. “That was wonderful. Let me get these cuffs…”
"I don't know." John yanked sleep trousers on and tugged socks over his feet. Sherlock watched, pained. "I just need air." He grabbed a shirt and stormed down the hallway. There was some rustling and then the door opened and slammed, followed by feet on the stairs and then the door downstairs opening and slamming. Sherlock scrubbed fingers through his hair. He wanted to go after him, but John clearly wanted solitude. Fine. If that’s what he needed, then Sherlock would give him distance. He looked at the empty spot on the bed and rested his hand where John had just been. Still warm.
Molly bounced over. "I hope I did it right." She said. "I just whisked everything together and hoped for the best."
"Excellent..." John moaned and grunted, fingering his sub’s chest and reaching down to grab for his cock. If he noticed it was soft, he didn’t care. John thrust into him faster and Sherlock winced. Standing, John had a good strong angle, and each thrust burned. He growled and slammed into him and Sherlock yelled out around the gag as heat gushed deep inside of him.
—he had Sherlock at his side and he found, surprisingly, that he didn’t even want to look at the passing sub. He was attractive, but John didn’t care beyond that. What he had now with Sherlock was better than anything he’d had with any passing flings overseas. Already the memory of the brief glimpse of his young face was fading and John looked up at his sub adoringly. Huh. He must be getting old and romantic.
“Oy!” Mike spluttered on his wine and stared at Sherlock’s neck. The detective frowned and reached up to touch—ah, the collar. Already he was as used to it as if it had been there his whole life.
Sherlock woke up the next drizzly grey morning, content and relaxed in all the right places. John was asleep beside him. He’d slept soundly through the night, no nightmares or murmuring. He had been exhausted, after all. They’d ‘made up’ for a few hours last night (Sherlock’s backside had been completely up to it). Sherlock smiled softly at his back and then reached for his phone. A text from Molly.
“No.” John’s voice was tired and rough. His leg was still hurting. “Couldn’t. Didn’t want to hurt you again.”
Sherlock was looking at him with a perplexed expression and John was sure he didn’t get the reference until, “are you suggesting that coconuts migrate?”
They both stood (John groaning) and went to the bedroom. “Make the bed.” John nodded at the rumpled sheets. “It doesn’t need to be perfect.” Sherlock arranged the pillows and threw the blankets up into some semblance of straightened order.
better than him. He couldn’t lose John, not after yesterday. This morning had been so nice! John made him feel better and he fed him and now they were fighting again. What a mess.
“It’s warm out, love. I don’t think you need that.” He nodded at the Belstaff Sherlock was pulling on. It was early July, and though not
“Gorgeous.” He glanced him over, realizing that his own dick was high at attention. He wanted him. He wanted
Molly leaned in to whisper to John, “he’s not that bad. Paulette saw him last and he didn’t make her do anything as bad as all that.” Paulette had only been with them for a few weeks before she was sold at the auction.
"Let's get you some food." She said. "You probably won't be assigned to anyone tonight, it's so late in the day." She left the paper on the desk and brought him back into the main room. John felt eyes on him and refrained from tugging at the barely-there loincloth. He lifted his chin, feeling stupid and weak but wanting to appear powerful. Or at the very least not like a target. They left the main sleeping area and went into a kitchen manned by a few cooks. It was dinner time and the room was full. There were round tables and chairs and John glanced around the room, trying to get his bearings.
He wouldn’t take it too far, and Sherlock didn’t believe him anyway if his mutinous pout and he solid way he planted himself on the pavement was anything to go by.
"Well, I, it was luck." Sherlock said, his ears pinking. John grinned. Sherlock always got so flustered when his intelligence was praised, even after all this time. It was adorable.
Mycroft glanced away from the peon speaking to him and hissed from between clenched teeth: “sit down!”
“Just your ribs and then you can sleep again.” John promised. “Lean forward.” John braced his arm across his sub’s chest and the nurse raised the head of the bed. Sherlock tilted forward and John shucked the gown up. This one hurt. He grit his teeth and squeezed the hell out of John’s arm as the nurse efficiently stripped the bandage, cleaned the stab wound stitches, and stuck new gauze on there, all in about a minute.
Silence. Sherlock picked up a rough sponge and John watched him rub it up his arm and across his chest, then down…
He spot-washed his arm pits and crotch to alleviate the odor of sweaty sex. He dabbed some sweet-smelling oil under his arms and on his neck. He rubbed dried semen off his chest and stomach and he applied medicine on his sore spots, wincing when the irritated flesh stung. He dropped the rag and stretched his tight back. His scarred shoulder twitched in pain. He wasn't fit for another round. Getting used a fourth time in less than twelve hours would wreak havoc on his body. He also knew he couldn't refuse. He had tried to refuse his first guest and the guards had beaten him for his trouble and promised he'd be killed if he refused again. It wasn't an idle threat.
Lestrade brought them all to a small conference room with a bright window that overlooked the city. A round wooden table had four comfy office chairs around it. Lestrade took a few bottles of water out of a tiny fridge in the corner. He set them on the table and Donovan closed the door. Sherlock sat, still in his coat, and John sat beside him. The officers settled across from them and Lestrade put the recorder on the table.
“Good boy. Brace yourself.” John raised the paddle over Sherlock’s bum and landed a smart smack on his left cheek.
“Good. That’s exactly what I was hoping for. Up, now.” John supported his elbow as he rolled to his feet. Sherlock tugged his hands again and bit his lip, feeling very vulnerable and chastened after his dom’s first punishment. “C’mon.” John pulled him to a corner by the closed curtains. “Kneel down.”
John was walking home from Ella’s appointment, feeling slightly better about things and debating about stopping to get a coffee, when his phone jangled and vibrated. He pulled it from his pocket and stared at the name on the display. Sherlock. The phone warbled at him again and John thumbed the button, taking a fortifying breath and putting it to his ear.
John grinned and then for some stupid reason felt a little bit like crying. Over these past four months, Sherlock had built him up out of a pit of depression and had accepted John’s request to be his submissive and now Sherlock
As John was Jim's concubine there was no way he was coming back to Sherrinford. Even if offered a handsome price, Sherlock was certain Jim hated John enough to keep him for himself to torment. Sherlock hated the sour, anxious sensation in his gut at the thought of Jim keeping John forever. Of him never seeing John again.
-worthy. He tended to complain that most of the Yard personnel got in the way, with ‘most’ usually meaning everyone except himself and the corpse. Him willingly bringing another live body along was interesting and that John was still willingly spending time with Sherlock was something to be noticed as well. The doctor wasn’t much to look at. He’d be lost in a crowd, as ‘blending in’ seemed to be his default setting—the polar opposite of the tall detective.
“There’s a few collar shops that are reasonably priced and have good reviews.” Sherlock showed him a short list of places in London.
She hugged him tight. "If I could stop him, I would, you know I would in a heartbeat. Oh John, you have to be strong."
John continued. “He asked Jenkins about The Broads and he mentioned the smell of garlic and onion—a chef would smell of food even away from their restaurant. Betsy’s complained about it.”
Seb had barely acknowledged his sub when he returned after the case. Sherlock didn’t say anything about the used condoms he saw in the bin in the loo in their flat, or the cigarette lighter than had been left in the bedroom that wasn’t his. Seb didn’t smoke. It wasn’t that Seb had cheated that bothered him, it was that he was too stupid to even try and hide the evidence.
They went back to the sofa, each drinking in silence for a few moments, watching the flickering fire cast the room in glowing crimson gold. The room warmed up and a pleasant heat settled in Sherlock’s throat.
He paused on the steps, listening. The soft whines of a violin floated down and John looked up at the closed door. He didn’t know that Sherlock liked listening to classical music. Maybe it was for an experiment. He opened the door to the kitchen and set the bag on the table, delighted to see that Sherlock was the one playing. He stood in the sitting room doorway and watched him push the…the wooden sticky bit over the strings. He knew nothing of the violin except that Sherlock playing it was one of the sexiest things he’d ever seen. His sub’s eyes were closed gently as the sweet notes filled the room. It was a slow song, but not melancholy—more like a lullaby. John couldn’t narrow it down any more than that and he wanted to go over there and kiss him hard.
Sherlock sighed and reached for his phone. Now that it was finally coming out into the open, he was relieved. He was also slightly terrified. He had no idea how John would react. The worst thing that could happen would be that John would leave him. If he suspected Sherlock was cheating, he could be gone with the wind.
“This was his cabin. He got sick. He put me in his will.” Logan held a knife up to the light, admiring the thin edge. “I was supposed to get it. Everything he had, really,” Logan chuckled, “until his family heard.” He put that knife down and selected a different one and held it up. It was serrated and the sight of those little steel teeth bounced Sherlock’s brain into higher gear.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and John watched him Google the team. “Like this?” Sherlock held out the phone and the image of the curling team in loud red and blue trousers.
“Mike Stamford.” The man said to his confused face. “We went to Bart’s together—I know.” He glanced over himself. “I got fat.”
Sherlock tentatively took John’s hand as they strolled, holding it loosely. Unsure. He sipped his coffee, trying his best to hide his face behind the cup. John squeezed his hand laced their fingers and Sherlock stood up a little straighter as they walked. An adorably handsome, dark haired sub walked by. He looked to be in his mid twenties and his red Tshirt was damp with sweat from the rugby game he’d been playing across the park. He glanced at John and winked as he walked by. John smirked and pulled Sherlock’s hand up to kiss the back of it. That sub had been cute, sure. And if John was single and a few years younger he might have ran after him, flirting and trying to convince him to go on a date. Now though—
Finally John grabbed the purple flat soft fabric and wound it around his thighs and calves, wedging it under his shins and effectively tying his sub’s legs to themselves and ensuring he was trapped in a kneeling position. Satisfied, he leaned back against the headboard and admired his beautiful yet
“No. An officer talked to her this morning. She’s expecting us and confirmed on the phone she wasn’t in Defense.”
John still wouldn’t look at him. He’d gone tense and rigid underneath him and his erection had fled. Sherlock wondered if he should get up, if John was feeling pinned and smothered. The light sexiness had vanished, leaving something moody and low creeping over the conversation. Sherlock started to shift to get up—
“Sure. For a bit. I have to go into London for an early meeting tomorrow, but I can spare a few for Owen’s friend.”
“Yes, well. It’s to be expected. He’s a doctor.” He sipped the tea and Mike hid a knowing smile, excited. He’s got it bad for John! Wait ‘til I tell Betsy! Mike honestly could not think of a more perfect match for the surly detective. John was everything he needed, and it seemed that Sherlock was everything John needed. Ever since Mike had been at Uni, he’d had a knack for getting friends together. A sixth sense. He’d been a best man six times and had eleven godchildren. Filing that bit of information aside, Mike finished his tea with a smile on his face.
do, is give you a mild sleeping aid." Mike said, going over to his shelf of bottles. “Valerian will help you sleep. I’ll put in chamomile. Are you anxious?” He glanced over his shoulder.
John perked at the sound of his sub’s name before the line went dead. He handed the phone back to the sub. “Thanks…”
. There was nothing unique or especially enticing about him. He was a concubine like so many nameless concubines and nothing more. Mycroft imagined though that with a bit more weight and a body not marred with scratches and bruises, he could pass for handsome, but even so he had no idea what type of connection his brother and this man had made. He was
“Hullo.” He said quietly. The floor was all scraped up, like something had been repeatedly dragged back and forth over it. He crouched and touched the marred wood, so old it was like stone. John reached out and dragged a finger over the marks. They were deep. Gouges rather than scrapes. In his village, his family home had a wooden door, rough at the bottom, and a dirt floor. The front door had made similar markings when it was open or closed, scoring the smooth dirt and kicking up bits of soil.
He nodded and pulled the blanket up to his chin. Molly grabbed his supplies and set to work. She dabbed ointment onto his scrapes and bruises and put a damp compress on his shoulder and knee. He nearly cried at her kindness. She held out another little damp compress filled with crushed herbs. "You can put this in back‒it should help with the pain. I put some of those berries that numb your skin."
Mycroft rubbed his brow and Sherlock suppressed a smile. It was clear Mycroft hadn't expected Sherlock to have given his winnings away. "I hardly need the money." He shoveled more eggs between his lips, his table manners awful on purpose.
"You don't need anything harsh, correct?" Sherlock said. "You're not looking for a bullwhipping to turn off or to perform a publicly humiliating task?"
“I’ll ask her…see if she lets me go.” Mike muttered. His ears went a little pink and John grinned at the insight into their relationship. Betsy really did seem good for him, and Christ knew John had dommed more than a couple subs who requested he set curfews and dictate when and where they could go out and even who they could see (and give out punishment when the rules were broken). It was just one more way for a sub to give a dom control.
“Oh yes.” Seb looked at him. “He didn’t tell you? Of course not. I’ve been texting him. Hundreds of texts and barely any replies.”
"Fuck off!" He shouted at the persistent knocking. It stopped. There were soft footsteps and then the voice of his valet. They’d gone and hired one while he was away, the meddling fools.
There weren’t any more crashes. John listened as carefully as he manage. He didn’t even breathe. Seb’s voice again, “is it true?”
Tonight was one of the lucky times. Sherlock landed on the plush carpet floor with a thump and immediately went perfectly still, both to listen for castle staff and because his head was spinning again, furiously.
Sherlock watched him get hustled out to the cameras to give his exit interview. The judges and Mel and Sue were watching him watch John and he turned away. He had just gotten caught up in the moment during the stupid competition. He eyed the carefully placed bandage taped to his wrist and made a fist. It all meant nothing.
"Lift your left foot off the ground if you're alright." He looked down and watched his sub lift his left foot and curl his toes.
John could only kneel there, stricken, numb, and nauseous as the rest of it played out. Guards led Edgar up to the dias, put the noose 'round his throat. John said a quick prayer to himself, the words jumbled and frantic even in the confines of his own head. The noose tightened, the door dropped. Edgar's neck snapped cleanly and John knew that was the best he could hope for.
There were some half-empty bags near the table. John wondered why the man hadn’t brought a valet. A dark wooden oblong case in the corner was leaned in the corner. There was a skull, a real human skull, sitting on the armchair beside the hearth. Hm. Different. John stayed silent and still, not daring to wake the Prince. If he slept the whole night, perfect, if not…he took a deep, silent breath. He'd been cast down into hell by the devil that was Jim Moriarty. Jim was a pig to his concubines and encouraged everyone who stayed at his castle to debase and defile them. Just his luck, this Britannian prince was apparently an anomaly even among Jim's friends (though flopped on the bed like a dead fish such as he was didn't exactly paint an imposing picture). John didn't miss the sly smirks and pitying looks the others had given each other when the news that he’d be the one attending his highness spread through the herana.
Sherlock smiled softly and they got into the car. Sherlock stretched out on his belly on the long leather backseat since it was easier on his aching back and bum. Greg slipped into the driver's seat and slammed the door closed and eyed his charge. "Let's just go to mine. If you didn't look half dead I'd say we could pick up some clothes, but I'm sure I have something you can wear." Lestrade's flat was a twenty minute drive and they made the trip quickly. It was getting late and not many people were out.
The crop went back up his spine, touching each vertebrae. Sherlock shivered when John paused on his cervical spine. The doctor chuckled in his throat and lifted the crop off, kissing that spot on his neck. Again the crop traveled down, over a buttock and across his thigh, tickling him behind the knee before swooping back up again and grazing down his other leg. Sherlock’s cock was completely hard now, the head glistening and chilled in the air. He was practically panting under John’s hands and his breath caught in his throat when his dom leaned towards his ear.
“No.” He scoffed. Sherlock didn’t believe him. The sub slipped his gown off and draped it over the foot of the bed and pulled John into a kiss. “I think you might be a little bit.”
“Well now.” A man crouched over him, a long silver knife in his hand. Every part of his face, save his eyes, was covered with a black knit mask. “Looks like I didn’t need to dose everyone after all. A hard whack on the head does the job just fine.”
If anyone's interested...I had a specific MF face in mind as John's 'dom face'. It's the top one in this gifset:
“Jealous doms losing their tempers.” Sherlock growled, satisfied. “Jilted lovers are so stupidly predictable.”
Sherlock opened his eyes slowly, blinking in the bright sunlight. Instantly the previous night came back to him and the way he’d been so distraught and on edge washed over him like a sickness. He pushed his face into the pillow. He didn’t want to deal the aftermath. He wondered briefly how John was holding up after everything. He peeked up and found the bed empty save for himself. His phone was on the side table. He didn’t remember leaving it there—he’d left it in his pocket in his trousers right before John told him to strip. John must have brought it in. He reached for it, wincing only a little bit as his back scraped the sheets. His clothes that he’d left kicked off to the side by the fireplace were folded neatly on the armchair. John or Mrs. Hudson? Hmm. He pulled up his text conversation with his dom.
Mike had a thought. “Why don’t you come to Bart’s with me after this? Check out the old stomping grounds for old time’s sake?”
“There’s a great deal of protein in semen, despite the taste,” Sherlock began conversationally. John grunted and spread his hand across Sherlock’s damp back, pulling him close and attacking his other nipple.
“It’s delicious, thank you.” Sherlock smiled, then glanced away to John, who was staring at Logan with a boiling gaze. The chef seemed to take the hint and he moved off and didn’t come back.
Was this supposed to be an endurance test? Sherlock tongued the gag again, wishing he could talk. He couldn’t relax, not with his arms up and tight like this and his back stinging the way it was. He couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong, though he wasn’t sure what.
Sherlock licked his lips and glanced back at the door, listening. Nothing. He didn’t know where John was dumping the rubbish, but it was likely he would be back very soon. Sherlock carefully lifted the paddle out and eyed it. This must be the one he mentioned before, the one that hurt a lot. Sherlock knocked it with a knuckle. It didn’t seem so bad. He looked in the box again. More cuffs. Some sparkling chain and a padlock—
John and Lestrade glanced at each other and headed downstairs. A large crowd had gathered around one of billiards tables. John smiled as he caught sight of Sherlock. The detective had taken off his jacket and the tails of his shirt were dangling loose. His sleeves were rolled up his forearms and he had a confident, cocky smirk on his face as he shot the cue ball and knocked an orange-striped ball into a pocket with a smart
physically subdue me—ambitious as that endeavor would be—my brother is a whole other matter.” Sherlock suppressed a shudder. He
In no time at all Greg had his own snowball. He lobbed it at John's head. He ducked just in time. Sherlock and Sally were pummeling each other with snow by this point. Sally's scarf was full of snow and Sherlock's curls were dusted white. Sherlock dove behind a bench and John followed. Greg and Sally hid behind a fountain and they all took turns flinging snowballs at each other. They were having such fun that no one noticed the two police officers cutting through the park, heads down and pace brisk as they made their way from one end of the park to the other. John leaped up at exactly the wrong time and lobbed a snowball at what he thought was Greg. He realized his mistake a second too late and gasped as the snowball exploded on the officer's coat.
“I don’t know.” Mike said honestly. “It’s a common deer skull. Maybe a bear got it. Or it was shot.”
—despite not being anything even resembling a genius, you have an amazing ability to inspire it in other people!”
“Hush.” John’s voice was a soft whisper and he rested his hand on Sherlock’s nape, squeezing gently. The sub relaxed. John opened the wardrobe door halfway and crouched down, grabbing his box. Sherlock closed his eyes. He didn't want the stupid paddling. He watched out of the corner of his eye as John pulled the awful red paddle out and closed the box.
the concubines for sex.” Sherlock explained. “I’m much too busy. My brain requires constant attention.”
"Thanks for the advice." He said in cold tone. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have other whore duties to attend to." John stomped off, miffed on Sherlock's behalf.
He hadn’t needed to take the Equivo during their time together, so he must have been getting what he needed through his dominant role in the relationship. Now, the presence of the new bottle of meds lead him to believe that John must need to submit. Sherlock frowned in thought.
“It’s red on both sides, see?” John showed him the rosy red of one side, then the almost burgundy shade on the opposing side. “Depending on how badly you mess up, the color of your arse will match either side one or side two by the time the lesson has set in.”
“Alright, calm down.” Greg said. The last thing he needed was John going in Defense. “He probably took him to The Broads.”
“Oh shut up!” He barked at the wall. The person yelled something unintelligible back and he stood there in a sulk, the violin and bow hanging limp from his hands. What if John never came back? What if that was it? Sherlock shook his head to scatter the awful thoughts. He set the violin down and took up his phone. He pulled up the text thread he had with John and had fingers poised to add to it, but he paused. What would he say? I miss you? Come home? Everything sounded needy as hell and he closed the thread. Seb’s most recent message popped up and he stared down at it listlessly, scrolling through the rest of them. John
John looked up and Greg suddenly wondered if John wasn’t done with him. “He’s not under guard,” Greg said to him meaningfully, “and I hope it can stay that way.”
He hadn't been very good at hiding his feelings about Sherlock. He was certain there was footage of them laughing together on breaks and helping each other out during challenges. More than once he'd noticed himself staring at the taller man with a great sodding smile on his face. He was pretty sure Sherlock had been checking him out here and there as well. He was vaguely worried about how the producers would edit this particular series. Would his idiot crush be obvious or ignored completely?
“Think it over,” John suggested. “We don’t need to decide today. We’re still feeling each other out, you know? We’ll just…one day at a time.” John scooped up some eggs. They had gone cold, but he ate them anyway.
"Dismiss? Nonsense. Just sleep in my bed. You look like you're about to fall over and I likely won't sleep tonight anyway.” He rubbed his thumb back and forth across his fingertips, distracted. “I slept yesterday."
"Careful there, your Highness." Seb called from behind him. "I hope he's not too much for you to handle."
A mug of steaming coffee was beside a plate of buttered toast on the counter top. The television was on at a low volume in the other room and John was at the desk, reading the paper. It was a wonderfully domestic, normal thing to wake up to and Sherlock scowled harder, the fight draining out of him somewhat. He didn’t want a dom.
John's tired brain took a moment to process the questions. Nearer to the pushed aside food plates now, he caught a whiff of fish and cooked meat. His stomach was suddenly extremely unhappy. His throat loosened and slicked itself.
John would be back soon, so he boiled the water again to get it piping and made a fresh mug of tea. The door slammed downstairs and then feet on the steps. Sherlock held the mug out to him with his good arm as John breezed back through the door.
"Oh God yes." Sherlock breathed. They surged together, kissing like two men drowning, kissing like they were the only people on earth.
“Right.” John cleared his throat. “I’d say not more than three days in the water. I agree with the age range—bloke’s probably not more than 35. A medical person didn’t make these cuts.”
Lestrade sipped his coffee and glanced sidelong at John. In the years Greg had known him the detective had never brought Seb or any other dom to a crime scene before and here John had not only bailed him out of jail, but was now here at another crime scene. He wondered what John had that Sherlock deemed scene-worthy or even
"Please." John said. Sherlock peeled himself out of the warmth and disappeared back into the kitchen. John was certain he'd stay there, tired of the movie and drawn by another experiment, but he returned bearing two big mugs of tea. "What do you think of the film? Cheers." John took an offered mug.
Sherlock was giving Mycroft a smug, shit-eating grin. John strode over to the chair and set his cup on the mantle before leaning down and kissing his sub good morning. “Thanks for the coffee, love.” He said warmly.
"Of course." Sherlock sounded alarmed. A warm hand rested on his back and John flinched. Sherlock yanked his hand away. John wiped his mouth and straightened up, grunting as his tight back protested. Sherlock glanced him over again, this time with a more calculating expression. John looked exhausted and grey.
was ready to rejoin it. John already wanted him off this case, and that his sub was choosing to spend time with it rather than him rankled in the worst kind of selfish way. He was willing to accommodate the case, but did what he wanted count for nothing? John was about to speak up and say how much this case was bothering him, when—
“Anything?” Lestrade called after a few moments of Sherlock jumping around, scraping underneath the fingernails and examining the contents closely and checking things on his phone.
He decided that he'd pop up to Sherlock's rooms tonight and see if the Prince was around, even for only a moment. Would that be okay or would that be desperate? It would be utterly desperate, wouldn't it? Sherlock was a
“Jooohn!” Sherlock twisted again, rolling completely onto his side, his arse away from John. This was
Sherlock glanced down at the man’s hands to confirm his story. The calluses were in the correct places on his index finger and thumb—at least that part was true anyway.
Sherlock stepped back and John found some hand cream and ointment. He tossed the items on the bed and glanced over his sub’s bare body in a clinical way, examining his nipples first. They were red and looked irritated, but the skin wasn’t broken or chafed. John looked at his back. Red marks from the flogger knots were spattered over the middle of his back and his shoulders. A few marks were dark and bruised. John touched them and Sherlock didn’t flinch. Lower down, his bottom was splotchy with pink and dotted with bruises. John ran two fingers over the warm skin and then leaned up and kissed him on the face. “What about inside?” He asked.
“Oh…” the first guy thought for a moment, and pulled off his hat, rubbing his fingers through his hair. “‘bout three days or so?”
“Stay still!” John snapped. “Why did you decide that the middle of Betsy’s dinner was the best time to lie and sneak away?”
. He would always respond when his texts went off, lunging across the table for his phone and eagerly texting back. Sometimes, though, like now? He didn’t. He would either make a face at his phone or just look worried. It seemed like a little thing, but nothing was a little thing with Sherlock and if there was some sort of problem with his sub, John wanted to know. Was there something wrong? Some medical issue? Was he, could he be cheating?
