“You saved my sister’s life, and you brought me these,” Sherlock said lifting the files. “Just the thing I needed in my moment of need. My sister would be horrified and very angry at me if I didn’t do something in return. She keeps me in check like that.”
It had been a little daunting to come to a place that had recently been under attack. But the company that was in charge of the rebuild was amazing. And everything was so new and shiny; the lab looked like it belonged on one of those American criminal investigation shows.
“Mycroft, my savior. You pulled me from my spiraling depression that no one but you saw. I thought I would never love again. Then you came along.” Greg paused then began to sing “Sweet wonderful you, you make me happy with the things you do. Oh, can it be so; this feeling follows me wherever I go. I never did believe in miracles, but I've a feeling it's time to try. I never did believe in the ways of magic, but I'm beginning to wonder why … You, you make loving fun, and I don't have to tell you you're the only one. You make loving fun.” Greg paused again then spoke “With my whole heart, I take you as my husband, acknowledging and accepting your faults and strengths, as you do mine. I promise to always bake you cakes and sweets, but also to go on very long walks after. I believe in you, the person you will grow to be and the couple we will be together. I will give you all my love and you shall not walk alone. I will be with you until the end of time.”
Sebastian leaned over and kissed his lovers cheek. Jim Moriarty, one of the most feared men in the criminal world; cuddled next to Sebastian Moran one of the most deadly assassins in the world, if anyone could see them now, cuddled together in the sun not a care in the world.
He tried the emergency button on the elevator console, but it wasn’t working. That’s when he decided to get the doors open.
“You’re welcome Greg; I figured you’d need a ride back to your car anyway.” She smiled as the two headed to the parking lot. “Are they going to be ok?”
“As she got older she became even more boring. She didn’t play. A small deformity of her spine made it hard for her to do much activity. Surgery at two corrected that, but then no numbers games or word games, just tea parties and dolls, and teaching the dumb dog tricks. The only thing we could do as a family was music. But even then I felt left out. Then Sherlock turned 5, I turned 4 and Willa turned three. Sherlock had so many friends at his party, all sitting around singing, Mycroft eyeing the cake, at all our birthdays he got just as big a slice as the birthday child. I had a small party, just family. I wanted a big party like Sherlock. Why was he allowed to go to school and have friends? I was smart enough for school. But no I went to child care playgroup. I wanted friends who were smart like me. I never had friends. They all had friends.”
“It is alright dear; it’s just that we were under the impression that you were dead.” Mummy Holmes replied “Although we are learning that in Sherlock’s circle that doesn’t really mean anything” Mummy Holmes gave a small smile that was mirrored by Irene
“It’s where I first saw it and first fell in love with its architectural design and beautiful grounds” Mycroft smiled
John and Sherlock were taking things slower. While John had cuddled next to Sherlock a few times while they still in the hospital they had separate ones at Mycroft’s. Rosie also shared their room. She was an amazing little one. Sherlock enjoyed lounging in the recliner with her sleeping on his chest.
“I don’t know, I can’t see him out the window.” Willa said “Eurus was in the next room, now I don’t know.”
Mycroft sighed, he knew Uncle Rudy could be odd at times and he certainly wasn’t always right. Mycroft didn’t regret too many decisions he made in the past but this certainly was one. Really though what could he have done back then. He was 23 at the time and just starting out in his career. He wouldn’t dare speak out, not like he did now. He didn’t challenge much in the start, not wanting to upset those in charge. Instead he chose to brownnose, to suck up, and gain the favor of those who could further his career. There causes became his causes, and soon after he was out doing missions, bringing down those who posed a threat to the natural order and the security of England, a rescue in Moscow, an assassination in The United Arab Emirates, or a simple information exchange in Peru.
“Ah yes of course, what would I do without you John” Sherlock smiled but still studied the specimen under the lens.
“She was your first friend, your first ally in this career of yours” Eurus said over the speaker. “She trusted you with her life and you screwed her over so many times. But a person can only be pushed so far till they break”
“Thank you Mycroft.” Sherlock said giving his brother a rare hug. Mycroft in turn also hugged Sherlock.
Anthea watched as the paramedics worked on Mycroft. It was not as simple as moving the desk and getting him on a stretcher and going. There was so much pre-work to be done.
“You haven’t solved the puzzle yet Sherlock; Maybe Elijah will be the only life you save. Wilhelmina is gone; John does not have much longer.”
He carefully made his way downstairs and towards the back of the house, there was light coming from under the office door.
“Why because I am upset and angry, that shouldn’t be a problem. Emotions are not something to be ashamed of Mycroft, we’re not Vulcans, suppressing out emotions does not make us superior.” Greg fumed
Anthea was in a chair sitting next to Mycroft, He was asleep. What remained of his leg was in small brace and was propped up on some pillows. Mycroft himself was slightly reclined, a large bruise spread across his forehead. Anthea had said something about him having surgery to repair a tear in his intestines caused by a piece of shrapnel.
“My birthday” Eurus gave an eldritch smile and standing, as she neared the glass Mycroft stepped back, she laughed “Still scared of me then.” She laughed again “My birthday is coming up and I have a request, a little present I want.”
“No, no we are going to let them be happy. Mycroft needs happiness; he needed that honeymoon vacation more than he will ever admit. We will handle this.”
Jim could dress down if the occasion called for it, but even in jeans and a polo shirt he could be the best dressed person in the room.
“You shouldn’t be carrying this yourself, Willa, exertion is not good in the early stages.” Sherlock smiled as he stood the cello up.
The computers and agency were supposed to be off line for nearly the entire day. The city was supposed to be shut down, panic and chaos.
“The dress, the frilly socks Mrs. Hudson bought her, and those little daisy shoes Molly bought her.” Sherlock smiled. “She will be adorable.”
“That was half of what I was intending to use. I need you later so please move back to the wall.” Eurus spoke.
He got out the small box from his pocket as Greg got Molly lined up in front of him but facing the other way and nodded to Dimmock.
Sherlock just pointed at the card on the floor, beside it another small rectangle, photo paper sat face down.
“Ok” Dimmock said into the microphone “When I say go, Take off your blind folds and the surprised will be awaiting you” He paused “GO!”
Mycroft rushed to his side. He sat by him, cared for him, and then got him into an addictions program. By the fourth time Greg called Mycroft didn’t rush. It was cold really. He thought Sherlock was doing it for attention, that this was his way of being the center of attention. How very wrong he was, and it almost cost him his brother’s life.
Mycroft gave his had a squeeze as the events coordinator gave them a bit of history about the mansion and the surrounding gardens and area it was a late 16th-century mansion and a mainly 20th-century garden.
“Do you think this is linked to Moran and his network?” Anthea asked “or another one of our dealings?”
“Why, you have issues with Mycroft, he has lied to you so much over the years. And Willa, you don’t even really know her. So who should you shoot?” Eurus teased
The officiant gave Greg the other ring a simple gold band with diamonds inlayed. Greg always though gold looked better on Mycroft than silver did.
“Thank you. You two are the best pals a guy like me can have over here in a shit hole like this.” Sholto smiled.
“About two months to get everything back proper” Mycroft replied “I have the original blueprints so we can build it to exact specifications if you would like or we can make modifications.”
Elijah was crying still, the creak and groan of the branches mixed with the soft sound of the saw blowing in the wind.
After the dancing came the cake. The chocolate wonder that Greg made was even more decadent than the smaller versions he made for family gatherings.
“Greg, I give you this ring as a symbol of my love for you. Let it be a reminder that I am always by your side and that I will always be a faithful partner to you." Mycroft said sliding the ring on Greg’s finger.
“I am hoping this helps, I want to get better, for Rosie and Sherlock” John said as Diane led him over to the group. “Everyone I want you to meet a new member of our group, everyone this is John”
The laptop dimmed, forgotten it was ready to enter sleep mode, John reached over and rubbed the mouse touch pad. The screen illuminated again, The post in front of him was the one Sherlock wrote, just after the wedding.
"I'm not a mind reader I just simply observe," Sherlock said sliding into the bed next to the man. His body was nice, very fit, Sherlock wrapped his arm around him. He stopped. "This really is a ride back. You were stranded and desperate."
"We need to be back at base before we deploy tomorrow," John spoke up. "Actually by the time we land we'll have two hours if the train runs on time."
Sherlock shivered and John pulled the blanket up around him. Sherlock gave a low moan. John kissed his forehead before getting up.
“I still can’t believe this is real, I have you back and now so much more.” She said tears brimming in her eyes.
but none of which are in the dictionary so Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanokoniosis is the official longest word in the dictionary” Sherlock added.
Eurus must stay hidden, not only for the good of Sherlock but for the good of the world. They had tracked Willa down. A letter arrived at Mycroft’s office. She wanted to disappear, to start over.
Greg wanted to work on the case he wanted to be on that team but he couldn’t he wasn’t allowed near it. The MET wanted a fully independent investigation team, one where emotions and attachments wouldn’t interfere. Greg had asked Mycroft to get him something let him help Mycroft refused he didn’t want Greg anywhere near it and in fact Mycroft was also being kept away. All was stored at a new level of security one that locked he and Anthea out. Greg, Sherlock, John, Mycroft, Anthea, and even Molly would be kept up to speed and occasionally asked for opinions or insight but they were not allowed to have full access to the files or the case.
“How has our other guest been?” She asked turning to face Irene “Have you heard her stirring at all?”
Greg turned and looked at the clock on the bedside table, 5:38am; Mycroft hadn’t even come to bed. Greg carefully stood, his hip was stiff, he’d twisted it in the blankets during his nightmare.
The phone moaned as a facetime call came through. John hit the button to reveal the panicked face of Irene Adler. Her hair was still perfectly pinned up and her makeup flawless but her eyes had a fear in them.
He was taken aback by the lavishness of the place. The suite was larger than his flat and childhood home combined. In fact he was sure that this suite was larger than the entire barracks block back in Afghanistan.
“Do you know why I am angry at you?” Greg asked as Mycroft poured some of the lemonade into the glasses on the tray.
One took over holding Will's neck wound; Lestrade went to stand only to have Willa weakly grab his hand.
“So I talked to the contractor” Mycroft said as he slowly made his way over, he was not fully comfortable on the crutches he needed to use as he awaited the process for getting his prosthetic leg. “They said the rest of the building is perfectly stable, so they can start the rebuilding process as soon as we give them the go ahead.”
The chapter title come from a 1513 engraving by the German artist Albrecht Dürer entitled The Knight, Death, and the Devil
They were facing off against two American’s that had been fixtures here for a while. Kerns and Dewitt if John memory served his right. Kerns and Dewitt were an even match for the Marine. Standing at 6’2 feet 190 pounds give or take, Kerns about the same and Dewitt at 6 220. But the other the smaller guy matched their height but was 130 pound if that and almost zero muscle. But he was holding his own.
He heard the footsteps approach, he looked trying to focus. He saw the familiar silhouette of his recent ex-boyfriend Victor Trevor standing over him.
Willa grabbed Marisol to force her to the ground as pain tore through her leg. Willa managed to shove roll her and her bestie into the small gap in the middle of the runway shielding them from the rest of the gunfire.
"What's a detective doing at an active shooting?" Marisol asked, still shaken she was a little untrusting.
“And if you ever need anyone to talk to, between us we’ve got four good ears,” John said. Sholto just nodded.
John settled into the chair in the large meeting room. HE was still attending the group sessions and it was starting to help a lot more. Now that he had been open and honest with Sherlock it was starting to be easier to be open and honest with himself.
“That’s fine,” Moriarty said standing. “I was getting bored of this place anyway. Come, Sebby, let’s pack. We’ll come out on top. We always do.”
Mycroft returned to his seat. Greg was watching a movie on the screen, they would be landing soon. All the seats were back up straight, pyjamas and blankets collected and drinks and snacks being finished.
It was never entirely quiet at Camp Bastion but this, to happen right inside and be from someone that was supposed to be trusted. He knew things would be harder from now on. Lots of crackdowns on personnel, but this wasn’t a vacation they were on. This implied war, John was coming to learn that Sherman was right. War is Hell, A vast, barren wasteland, desert hell.
“What no” Mycroft spoke up much to the shock of the others. “Moriarty put her though so much, and then Moran with the bombings. She’s innocent in this.”
birthday and three days later we welcomed Margaret Eurus Anastasia Holmes. Eurus.” Mycroft replied. Then a year later we welcomed Willa. She came in July, but she was supposed to be born in September. She was not terribly ill but she did have a rough first few months. Eurus noticed. She may have only been one but she noticed. Mummy and Daddy were always away. Sherlock was always drawing pictures for Willa. Eurus herself was different. As you know I am the smart one.”
He slowly slipped into his pyjama bottoms and climbed into the bed. He left the empty beer bottle on the bedside table and turned on the stereo. The soft sound of some classical piece of music filled the room. Greg pulled up the covers and slowly drifted off the sleep.
“Shh it’s only 7:30 we have plenty of time” Greg said Easing Mycroft only his back and carefully moving on top of him.
“But I am better, I am above you, all of you, I’ve solved unsolvable puzzles and then put forth my own puzzles, I know the solutions but no one else does. Sherlock could be like me, but he lets feelings and sentiment get in the way. He lets love and caring in and half his brain goes out the door. The genius is not meant to be loved, we don’t need love. It gets in the way.” Eurus almost snarled.
Greg changed into his sleepwear and flopped down on the bed. He sighed and closed his eyes. The weight of the day caught up with him, and soon he was asleep. His dreams, well his dreams were filled with the vision of a lovely model as she was seen on the covers.
Lestrade just nodded as his phone beeped, it was the property owner, Marisol, letting him know where he could pick up the keys.
“Goodbye Detective Inspector, If you can’t tell me the truth, Perhaps having a little tête–à–tête with Mycroft will give me my answers.” Sebastian said turning to go.
The building rumbled again, lots of heavy trucks for a Friday afternoon. Perhaps some construction project at Regents University. They had been advertising some improvements to be made as funded by alumni.
Mycroft hadn’t said much since the cavalry arrived. He was weaker than he would care to admit. The blood loss was starting to get to him as was the bump on his head.
"Yeah," Sherlock said trying to stay the tremble in his hands. He was upset and that made the hunger grow. He wanted a fix, but it was too early, after, after the show, he knew who else to call to bring him a treat.
Sherlock looked down Rosie was starting doze in her snuggly again. Sherlock softly hummed her song. His phone beeped. John was done and was going to walk over to meet them at the park’s entrance. Sherlock stood and headed to the gate. John was already there when he arrived, sitting on a bench.
Eurus pushed the pillow down tight and moved her hands on top pushing down on Sebastian’s face, his arms twitched slightly the drugs in his system really didn’t allow him the strength to fight back. His feet kicked a little too before his body settled.
“Nice. What about you and Ashton Willa? Have you started yet?” Brodie asked as he looked over Greg’s shoulder at the file.
Mary groaned as the building shook. John got up and looked outside, several large garbage trucks were making their way down the street. They all seemed to be loaded with bags of what looked like sand.
The rise and fall of Irene’s chest became less noticeable as her breathing became shallower then stopped completely.
John and Sherlock tucked into the table at the front, the same table they first stat together all those years ago. When John was NOT Sherlock’s date, when Sherlock cured an adrenaline seeking war doctor of his psychosomatic limp, when John’s hand stopped trembling for good, when the Baker Street Boys were formed.
Sebastian stopped and breathed in the air, the mixture of explosives and standard hospital smell made him smile, his mind almost wandering back to a happier time with Jim in Cambodia.
She had been back two months but still they gave her the less traumatic cases. Yes she had trembled a bit the first time she stepped in front of a body, the lights above her and the empty morgue. Yes she had let off a small yelp when a truck drove down the road and shook the building. But that was all behind her know. She had taken that step and now was ready to keep moving forward in life.
Greg stretched and headed down stairs. The chocolate cheesecake brownies in the fridge were calling to him.
“Hello Sebastian” She said, the voice, it was the one from the phone. “I am afraid you failed. They are all going to live, they will take a long time to heal but Gregory, Mycroft, Molly, John, Sherlock, even Mrs. Hudson and Anthea all will live.”
“So like the Emelia Ricoletti case there has to be a network of people keeping the spirit, the thought, the threat alive.” Sherlock said looking up at his mantle and shelves
Molly tried to stifle a yawn but her own last rounds of pain medications were starting to kick in and soon she was off in dreamland.
The newspapers talked about what Sherlock left behind, a brother, parents, and friends. No one mentioned who Jimmy left behind.
Iraq is where his convoy hit an IED, Only three survived. Brodie was not the worst off but he was bad. The IED had caused their vehicle to roll and it had pinned them to the ground.
The paramedics started asking Sherlock questions and he wasn’t sure how to answer. So he told them everything. The paramedics attached monitors to John’s heart.
“No.” Sherlock said as the three exited the flat. “Victor is not a follower; he doesn’t take orders from anyone.”
“I’m heading to Baker Street now, it better still be under my men’s control and I better get to be the one to kill them, if they aren’t already dead.”
Sherlock looked down and struggled to hold back the tears. He looked up and walked up to John who was giving Mrs. Hudson a hug.
Mycroft had confessed to Greg once that he was a huge Disney fan, and while he had been to Disneyland Paris in his early adulthood when their parents took Sherlock (13) and he (20) for the grand opening, he had never had the chance to go to Florida. He also felt that it wouldn’t be right for a man such as him to go there without a family.
“That was a sorry for blowing up in your face I am under extreme stress grunt” John said, Dimmock just nodded and the two headed their separate ways.
As Greg and Mycroft met at the aisle Greg reached out and firmly took Mycroft’s hand in his. Mycroft relaxed at the warmth of Greg’s hand and together they made their way to the officiant.
"Nonsense" Sherlock spoke up. "Brody, call ahead have a car ready for them when we land it can take them directly to the base."
Sorry for the delay in posting. work has been hectic and I haven't had a lot of writing or editing time.
“What I liked astronomy as a kid. Question is who’s the Sun and who’s the earth?” Lestrade asked “or do you trade off one as the fixed wobbling point and the other the moving ever changing. With a slight tilt or lean away from the other”
“She was always safe. I never intended to kill her I just wanted her to live her life with a bitter and deep hate of you. The man she idolised she now despises. You lie to her, so much, she will learn that Brodie not what you say, but it’s too late, the trust is no longer there. You always try to ruin everything for her.” Eurus smiled. “Take a moment Sherlock; catch your breath before we start the next phase.”
“Greg said they would have let us do the same if we hadn’t already announced our engagement.” John smiled as he started swaying to the slow song the band was playing for Brodie and Molly who invited Mycroft and Greg to dance alongside them.
“I will text Anthea and see if she knows anything, but there was no origami there. The tong always leaves the lotus, always!” Sherlock said as he poured over the photos again while texting Dimmock. He needed him recheck the scene looking for an origami black lotus.
Anthea was sitting on her own stretcher the morphine was already coursing through her veins taking away the aches and pains she had been feeling.
“So what is the cause of death for this poor soul” Brodie asked as he looked at the body in front of Molly.
Sherlock stood and looked, in the dying light he could see she was covered in black soot like ash, both arms she held close to her. He stood and went to her, taking her hands in his. She gave a hiss of pain.
“My brother Mycroft. I am not sure what I can say. Literally I don’t know what is protected by the secrets act” Sherlock started the crowd gave a laugh. “I did promise to keep this short and no theatrics like the last best man speech I gave.” Sherlock said
Eurus carefully studied the video in front of her. Wasn’t that sweet her big brothers had both found love.
“Oh you would have missed us. Rosie and I didn’t come with John last week and the week before we came up went and did a bit of shopping.” Sherlock said as he watched down the path. A familiar figure was slowly making its way towards them. John seemed off. Sherlock stood. And headed towards him “John”
Sebastian glanced out the Window again, Big Ben, he sighed, Jim had had such wonderful plans for that iconic landmark.
“The extra space from the moving of the door can be part of the kitchen and living area, the lavatory and our bedroom can remain the same” John said
Her shoulders were now out. John carefully slid his hands under her shoulders and started to gently pull. Slowly her torso and hips appeared followed by her legs and feet. He laid her on his arm stomach down and gently tapped her back, he cleaned her nose and mouth and soon the sound of a tiny cry filled the air.
That’s when Margaret grew distant, so it was a surprise to him when she said she wanted to have kids. Elizabeth was born during his third year in the force. It was a good period for Greg and Margaret, and they kept trying till Andrew was born four years later. But then Margaret got distant again, and it had never been the same. Greg did everything for his kids. He did enlist the help of Donovan two years ago when Elizabeth started needing a few feminine clothing items and personal stuff too.
“Can you decipher what they say?” John asked as he copied out the symbols on a blank sheet of paper.
Sherlock stepped off the stage as the other models went with their last looks. Sherlock winced as he bent down to change his pants to the unisex kilt Marisol had created.
“How can they have already retaken the Diogenes Club??!!” Sebastian hollered as they sat parked at the end of The Mall.
Molly looked down at her chest, she seemed to get off easy. Her operation was relatively quick compared to the other, a plate on her sternum to help it heal, the saw hit the bone and stopped but it cracked the bone straight though from top to bottom. Stitches closed up the wound. Her legs had some burns on them but they weren’t too bad and there were no grafts needed.
John sat in his chair smiling, Rosie was sitting next to Elijah on the floor by the fireplace and he was reading her a story, well making up a story to go with the pictures in his book, Sherlock and Greg were sitting at the desk pouring over a police file while Willa and Mycroft wound lights around the tree they had set up in the corner.
He looked over at Alice curled up in his usual chair, John sitting on the floor in front of her so she wouldn’t fall off. They were both dozing.
Her name was Karen. She was shy and quiet, she barely looked up when John said hello, but she did cautiously reach out her hand for John to shake it.
John looked at Mary sleeping, former assassin, former spy, maybe she knew. But he knew well enough to not wake her right now.
“Dinner can wait.” Sherlock said kneeling down next to John “You’ve never had this happen during a meal. I fear you are getting worse” Sherlock was worried “Could this be a side effect of the internal bleeding and your surgery?”
~really Eurus you thought using a three digit combination pad lock was challenging. Only 1000 possibilities. Was easy enough once I settled my mind.~
The photos finished with a beautiful shot of Mycroft and Greg walking hand in hand down a flower lined pathway.
Greg and Mycroft stood behind the door leading into the main reception area. Greg softly kissed Mycroft’s neck.
But now all who took him away from him were going to die, Molly and Lestrade already were and he got the bonus of another police officer. Next was Mycroft Holmes and then the end game, Sherlock Holmes.
John looked over at Sherlock. That would make sense, lace the heroin with the luminol. That would mean that the victims were moving heroin already in the needle.. That from what John remembers from a prior case meant drug parties. Ones that were held for the sole purpose of getting high. The host would lay out drug as ready to use, cocaine already in lines, injectable in their needle, and so on.
The guest and wedding party danced well into the night before Mycroft and Greg left via a helicopter to head off to their wedding night at a seaside cottage then onto a honeymoon in well Disneyworld of all places.
Detective Inspector Dimmock had been looking after a lot more of their cases. Greg while back in the field after a two months of desk duty, he had brought Sherlock a lot of cold cases during that time, was not working as many cases directly. He was instead filling in as acting Detective Chief Inspector as DCI Hunt had been killed in the explosion. It was a big promotion and career step up for Greg should the position become permanent, and there really was no reason why it should not.
John nodded again. He had not had enough sleep to deal with this. Sholto and Major D’Helley positioned themselves between the men. D’Helley was barking orders for each man to report to the Lieutenant Colonel’s office, they would be accompanied by military police. If the Lieutenant Colonel were not happy with their answers, the Colonel would decide their fate.
“You didn’t give her a real fair choice.” Sherlock replied “You are giving us no change to win this sick game of yours”
Soldiers and civilian personnel stood by watching as the men in the middle went at it. There were two sides it seemed like two pairs of men in the scuffle.
“You kept her from us!” Sherlock yelled as John and Greg knelt to check on Mycroft who just waved them off.
Mary gave a cry from behind him and he turned and rushed over, his little one was coming and he was going to be the one bringing her into the world.
“You have a tube down your throat, don’t fight it.” Mummy Holmes continued as she reached up and brushed his cheek. “You were quite injured in the blast, despite you walking around, hopped up on adrenaline. The doctors wanted to let you sleep to heal”
“With those guys out there I won’t be moving much, no desire to go out and face them right now, but, you are getting some ice for your head, I am going to tie off your leg just below your knee because the blood is starting to pool more, and I am going to try and get back on the network and find out what the hell is going on.” She said a little more forcefully then she meant to.
John nodded and kissed Sherlock, then kissed Rosie’s forehead, she cooed as he turned and entered the room.
Not that he had done a very good job. He introduced Willa to Victor, got her hooked. Then again Aston had helped her break that hold. How would Willa be after learning of his death? Willa was the sociable one of them, the one with friends, she let people get close, they usually ended up breaking her heart. Sherlock didn’t let anyone get that close, not even Victor. He couldn’t handle that loss. Sometimes he envied his sisters strength to live her live so open like she did.
Jim had rewarded her handsomely. He gifted to her a small hotel in Greece. There she started up her business again, this time expanding on her one woman operation. Training young women to do what she did and even some men. Sebastian had enjoyed his one on ones with her, what he learned he used on Jim, much to Jim’s delight.
“You’re Doctor John Watson” She said “You lived at 221 Baker Street with Sherlock Holmes. Were you at Baker Street when the Explosion happened?’
“John Look at me” Mary said as she struggled to sit up. He did reluctantly “You get our daughter into this world and you make sure she is alright.”
John entered with Rosie. Her frilly pale pink lace dress was covered up by a rather large bib. She had started teething and could build up a lot of, well drool, as Sherlock put it. So bibs and teething rings were important.
“John, John dear you need to open your eyes, you are fine, you are not in Helmand or Kandahar, You are in the University Hospital Euston Rd, Fitzrovia, London” Mummy Holmes said calmly. John’s eyes opened, Mummy smiled “Hello John”
“Not always.” Sherlock said looking out the window as they crossed the Blackfriars Bridge He could see St. Paul's Cathedral, behind it sat St. Bartholomew’s and Sherlock feared for what may happen if he was brought to its rooftop once more.
Sherlock had decided that he needed to learn how to cook, not just heat up food, but make proper meals. To be a proper partner and parent and Molly had offered to teach him.
Dalton headed up Regent Street, things were slowly staring to get back to normal. Traffic was flowing more freely now. This was not good; this was not what was supposed to happen.
“Oh you were not aware that I am a closeted nerd.” Mycroft replied. “My wedding vows paraphrased Labyrinth… I thought you knew everything about us.”
Willa had seen psychologist since she was a teen. To Willa she had lost her birth family young then her adoptive mother at 14. It was hard on her. Mycroft had wished that he could have told her the truth but Uncle Rudy said no, said it was dangerous. That even though it was a mistake to hide her, what was done was done and revealing her would do more harm than good.
He had checked Mary over…. He had checked her stomach and her bump; he had checked the baby, not Mary.
“Stay awake sir.” Anthea called as she moved a piece that allowed her to see out into the main office, or rather wat was left of it. “Sir you really need to stay awake."
John was just going to take Rosie from Mrs. Hudson when he heard the ringing, his mobile, it was over by the mantle, or rather what was left of it and his chair.
Daddy Holmes started to hum, the same tune Mummy had been humming to John. You’re my Best Friend by Queen, Molly couldn’t help but smile, John had mentioned once that it was their wedding song. It had come on the radio in the lab and instead of turning the radio down like he often did Sherlock turned it up. John said he always did that as it was his parent wedding song and one of the first lullabies he remembered his mother singing to him.
Ashton was already seated in the audience. Oh, they had had a row when she had first returned home. She had kept her word and had told him the truth, everything, and he understandably was furious. She ended up spending the night with Marisol as when she returned home Victor's car was there and she felt no urge to see him. IF she saw him he would have a gift, and Willa didn't know if she was strong enough to refuse.
Sebastian looked out the window, there were driving up Goswell Road heading towards St. Bartholomew’s Hospital.
Then the phone rang and the voice and the plan started. Sebastian looked at the unopened letter in his pocket.
Greg stood in the entryway of the restaurant, Elijah sleeping on his shoulder. Sherlock gave the DCI a hug.
“Are you alright sir” Anthea asked looking him over, he was covered in small cuts probably from flying debris. And had a large bruise on his forehead that was already developing a sizable lump. The hand he did not reach up to Anthea was resting on his lower waist near his hip.
“Yes well circumstances beyond my control led to that being necessary.” Irene said sitting in a chair next to Mummy Holmes. “Your son is very special and I am sorry this had to happen to any of them. I blame myself really, but After James Moriarty killed himself on the roof of St. Bartholomew’s I thought I was free from the hold I was under. His lover, Sebastian Moran however was still around and very volatile, he’d lost everything when Moriarty died. I barely saw him for nearly a year, then he started receiving many calls from England and I, I was curious, and I listened in, He was making plans with a woman to end Sherlock. I didn’t hear much as the woman was somehow aware that they were being listened to. Sebastian just thought it was a maid and thought nothing more of it. When Sebastian didn’t return to Greece after his last trip up to Kuwait I got suspicious and I went to his room. I found everything, the plans the blueprints of the buildings. So I called. I just wish I had done more sooner.” Irene said eyes tearing up
“I did. Willa Masterson was born Willa Holmes, she is my sister whom I thought was dead.” Sherlock said “Now release Mike. Eurus.”
Greg smiled. He hugged Carol and headed to the bedroom she was letting him use. He felt numb like he should be furious or sad, but he wasn’t, he was just, okay, he actually felt better than he had in months. What he told Carol was the truth, He felt like a giant weight had been lifted off of him.  He just hoped the kids would be alright. He didn’t want them to hate their mother, but how mad would they be? Or should he even tell them?
“Thank you Giles…” Sherlock started but then cut himself off “No, no, no more stupid game. You are a friend you are going to be family. You deserve respect. Thank you Greg” Sherlock said turning and facing the man.
Sherlock curled in bed holding Rosie close. After the visit to the crime scene Sherlock had returned and holed himself up in the bedroom. He kept Rosie and John close, but remained silent.
He had been open, honest, he said how he was feeling. That was supposed to make it better right? He had deiced that he needed to see Mary’s grave, he started to make a plan to get better, that was supposed to help, right? Then why was he feeling as bad as he did the first day he went to see Diane?
“Oh, no, no, I’m not really good with children.” Irene said standing “I shouldn’t stay too long.” She handed Mummy a card “Please call me when they wake, I would like to talk to them”
John had lots of friends growing up, and had many relationships, some yes were with men. John wasn’t lying when he said he wasn’t gay. He was bi, but all the brief affairs with men, the one long relationship with a guy in his unit, he had thought the affairs were phases and that the relationship with Riley Sutter was a one off thing. He never fell in love with a man the way he did with Riley, well not until he met Sherlock.
“Solve my riddle Sherlock, the answer is in the song” She gave a smile as she watched Sherlock stumble around the shipping crate they had used to bring them and everything here the cameras to watch them, the tools of destruction. Oh how it had dragged in the air, weighing down the helicopter. Eurus had been a tad worried it would affect their flight time and their passengers would wake too soon. But now it served as the perfect holding facility for Sherlock. If he solved her puzzle she would let him out. “Once you solve it I will give you the code to open that lock on your little holding room”
Mycroft looked over the duvet at the sleeping form in front of him. Greg softly snored as the sun started to pass thought the small crack in the curtains.
“And I married Mary. I got her pregnant, so now there is a child in the world without a mother and it is all my fault” John pulled his hand away from Sherlock and buried his face in his hands.
“He will heal, there is some swelling in his head, but no damage to his brain beyond a concussion, they’ve done some scans and he will heal, may have lingering headaches but no other lasting effects.” Mummy replied as Sherlock tried to sit. “No sitting yet and they are keeping John asleep the swelling is almost gone, when it is they will let him wake up. It’s going to be very hard for him; there is a lot for him to deal with.”
Riley smiled, Janice was the best nurse they had. Her knowledge was so extensive that probably in extremely extenuating circumstances she could perhaps step in as a temporary doctor.
“In the bed next to you.” Mummy replied explaining his injuries “He was awake a few times yesterday, I even got him to eat”
All this wasn’t just out of revenge it was an act of lost love. Molly started tearing up again; this revelation of lost love just made the whole situation a lot sadder
The dance was quick as it was not their official first dance, that would come later with a special tune Sherlock composed, Willa and Aston would play along with some friends from the orchestra.
“He’s a very stubborn man to be fighting the medication like this” The doctor said adjusting the machine that controlled the drip. “I don’t really want to up the dose, but I am going to remove the breathing tube, we don’t need him choking and his breathing is strong enough.”
“What like a stalker or an assassin that came after you?” Greg said with a crooked smile and a small laugh.
“Myc!” Greg called as he was jolted awake, he laid in bed the covers tossed off around him “He breathed heavily trying to calm, trying to stop the pounding of his heart. He looked next to himself in the bed. It was empty the pillows not even lain on, the covers still tucked in tightly on that side.
“She’s already on such thin ice if the papers are to be believed. Then again if Sherlock is the way he is, and they’re twins.” Sally trailed off.
“Never done a best man speech before, had a groom’s speech written once and never got to read it.” John paused nervously; he wasn’t good at public speaking. Sherlock reached up and held his hand. “I have only known Greg Lestrade for 6 years. In that time I have had the pleasure nay the honour of calling him my friend. I will admit it didn’t start off to good. My first introduction to Greg was at a crime scene where Sherlock basically told him that I was with him and therefore allowed at this cordoned off crime scene. But over the years Greg became one of my closest friends. He was there for me at my darkest moment. Greg stayed up all night with me and made sure I didn’t do anything stupid and made sure that I was still in this world. No person I had ever known in my life had been willing to do that for me. But that is Greg. His caring knows no bounds. I have seen him comfort victims and loved ones left behind. He is the best dammed police officer I have ever met. His drive for justice knows no bounds. He can be ruthless with a criminal, but never steps out of line. He still exhibits caring with some criminals. Especially with the younger ones, the ones he sees as needing guidance. It’s why I was not surprised to learn that Greg is a volunteer mentor at a local youth center. Teaching the kids football, and cooking, and everyone’s favorite, his baking. Greg is like a brother I never had, and one I am grateful to have now. I remember my stag night. How drunk Sherlock and I got. We were light weights really. Wound up in jail after trying to solve a case while drunk. Greg strutted into that cell as loud as he could be. It echoed through our heads so badly, the throbbing of my head churned my stomach. I asked him if he could be a little quieter and his response was a very loud NOT REALLY” John chuckled as did the guests at John’s impression of Greg. “Sherlock was of course upset over the missed opportunity of a great case while I was still trying to make my legs fully work. Greg led us to his car where he had the radio off, two large bottles of water waiting with some pain tablets. He drove us home and made sure we were there safely before heading back to work. He wasn’t acting as Detective Inspector Lestrade that morning; he was Greg Lestrade best friend.” John paused “I also feel the need to tell the story of January 13
Willa stared at the gun in her hand; she looked at Irene then over at Greg and John. John was angry, his fists were balled up at his sides and he was almost trembling. Greg was also mad, but not as visible, you could really see it if you looked in his eyes.
“I’m having a little trouble breathing, but I can feel my arms and legs and wiggle them.” John said before coughing.
Molly smiled. He had worked in Afghanistan, maybe he knew John. There were a lot of soldiers there, but Brodie had been in the medical field, perhaps they ran into each other. Sher would ask John. Not now but eventually. John was still dealing with so much, to bring up the war again may not be the best.
“You are not old but you were in an elevator that fell several stories” Mycroft said. Greg just nodded.
“We should get him home.” John said motioning to Greg. Mycroft nodded “He’s not feverish again is he?”
The landlady was sitting between Sherlock and Mary, minding both of them. Helping Mary sit and push and also telling Sherlock to just lie still during his bouts of consciousness.
“Step away from Doctor Watson and Mr. Holmes!” A voice boomed from behind the bright light of Helicopter.
“Nothing that can’t wait.” Sherlock replied as John headed to wash up. He put most of the mail on the desk, all that was left in his hand was a single envelope, eggshell in colour, very fine line printing on the envelope, just Sherlock’s name and address nothing more not even a stamp. Sherlock carefully felt the envelope in his hand, whatever was inside was very thin. He picked up the letter opener and carefully slit the envelope open.
“Hello Captain Watson, forgive me if I don’t salute, I’ve always had a problem with superior officers” Sebastian smiled
“Well then it smells lovely Sherlock” John said as Sherlock began to serve it, big heaping bowls of tortellini and sauce for himself and Molly and a small bowl for John. Garlic bread tantalizingly sat in the middle of the table.
Jim stood and began to unbutton his jacket, he carefully took it off and folded it on the chair beside the bed, trousers, shirt and undershirt followed.
Sherlock stood on the tarmac. They had been here before not long ago, but it had been different. At that time he was being sent away as punishment, today he was sending away two people he loved dearly so that they would be safe.
Sherlock looked across the bed where Greg was playing a memory card game with Elijah. Greg looked very good for a guy who had recently underwent open heart surgery to correct the damage that had been done by Eurus’s electric collars.
“Victor and I moved into a residence in Mayfair. There he kept me. I wasn’t his roommate. I wasn’t his boyfriend or even friend. I was his pet. Victor wasn’t just a drug dealer he was a drug designer. I was his test subject. If he got behind on the bills, or owed someone I would be lent as payment.” Sherlock stopped and stood. He looked in the mirror over the fireplace. “I was a shell, barely functioning. I was wandering back from making a payment on behalf of Victor when I stumbled upon a crime scene. I watched the police and saw what they were missing. So I offered my help, got arrested for my troubles. Victor beat me that night for being involved with the police. Lestrade found me passed out on the street. I had wandered out in the night. Lestrade took me in, got me to a hospital. He called Mycroft. I was put in my fourth and last rehab stay. Lestrade came to visit. Actually he came more than Mycroft. He wanted to know if my powers as he put it could be used on any case. So he gave me a choice. If I stayed clean I could have access to all the cases I wanted. The excitement, the high I got from working cases was better than the high any drug could give me. So I have been clean… more or less, since.”
“You are going to tell me the truth” Sebastian said standing. He took the gun from the holster, and aimed it into the elevator. “Tell me what really happened on that roof top, or she dies”
It wasn’t as easy as it looked in the movies; then again Greg really wasn’t in peak physical form. It took a few attempts before they slowly cracked open, just the interior ones; they were just a foot or so lower than the exterior doors labeled 5
“I try to be open I try to be truthful honest.” John said “but there’s so much more than Mary and the explosions. I’m afraid if I open my mouth and start talking, everything that comes out will make you not want to stay.”
The House at the corner of Queen Alexandra Road and Ashbrooke Range Sunderland UK was beautiful, fair sized garden and an orangey. Greg had only been up to his Cousin Albert’s house a few times. Last was seven years ago when his nephew Andrew was born.
They had been inseparable since. So yesterday, Mycroft had called to start the paperwork for he and Greg to adopt the young child. Sherlock never thought of Mycroft as much of a father, but Greg, that man was born to be an amazing father. Together the two would raise Elijah perfectly.
“I need to find something to immobilize him. I think what ever hit him injured his neck, he also seems to have a concussion” John said standing; he carefully stepped over Mary’s legs and started digging around in the kitchen.
A sharp pain hit Sherlock’s chest, it didn’t alarm him, he’d had them before, when anxiety took over, when his mind was working too fast for his body, happened during cases and was happening now as he was processing what Mary’s last words were. Did she mean as friends? Did she mean together?
There were many dead on Baker Street, mostly those in Speedy’s and the building next door. Mrs. Hudson was very happy to hear that Mrs. Turner and her married ones had been out at the time of the attack.
“Well it could be because the last time a boyfriend of hers gave you his number. He turned out to be a murdering psychopath.” John looked up and Sherlock and smiled.
“Oh that’s the listed price, but the owner is a friend, well, a friend of Willa’s they went to school together, I’m sure she’d make you a deal,” Sherlock said typing into his phone. “There it’s yours.”
“I’m good they’re letting me go today. I’m going to go stay with Ashton; he’s got a ground floor flat.” Willa replied carefully hugging Sherlock.
“Ok, Ok, I told you the truth about JIM” Greg said starring at the gun “Please just put that away and you can walk out of here.”
“If they got out my men would have found them and rounded them up. Either way they are on Baker Street.” Sebastian said ending the call.
“Don’t worry John, if Sherlock listens and hurries you can escape, till then hope you can tread water.” Eurus chuckled
Eurus fumed, he wasn’t supposed to calm, he wasn’t supposed to have time to focus. All John and Willa’s distracting her allowed him to have the time.
Greg kicked the football over to Andrew who rolled it up his leg and bounced it off his knee to his head and into the net behind Greg.
“I know… I have to call his family still. I told the Cos I’d handle that. By now the men back home will have already visited her. They will have pulled up in the fancy car in their dress uniforms, looking all polished. She’ll know exactly what that means. She saw it when she was younger, with her father, and last year with her brother. He does, did love her, but.”
“You think Moriarty is making his move already?” Donavan said as they both grabbed their jackets and headed down to the garage.
John felt lost as the plane left the tarmac, as his knees weakened he struggled to stay upright. Mary held his hand and while he as grateful for the support he was also so angry at her as much of this had been brought on by her. If she hadn’t shot Sherlock this would not have gotten to this point, if Sherlock had been able to go ahead with his original plan in Magnusson’s office...
Anthea moved closer to see her boss and friend sitting on the floor back against the wall by the fireplace, one leg bent up and pulled up under the other, the leg on top was out straight. The large mahogany desk was tipped over on its side resting on the outstretched limb.
“They’re recreating our life John, using people we love. This is leading to one place. The roof of Saint Bart’s and I can’t do that again. I can’t have them threaten you again. I can’t have them go after Rosie.” Sherlock paused. “Rosie! I have to call Anthea, Rosie and Mrs. Hudson need to be moved to a secure location. They can’t get in the middle of this. Moriarty threatened Mrs. Hudson whoever is doing this will too. We need to get them safe.”
John sat back in his chair and opened his laptop. He checked his blog, no new traffic. He checked Sherlock’s website, no new traffic there either.
Mycroft headed to the door. John could hear Brodie’s voice praising the stair lift they installed so that he could come and visit.
“Oh I am so sorry” the woman replied gently taking Sherlock’s hand. “I lost Elijah’s father last year.”
St. Bart’s had lost some doctors and the entire reception area of the pathology building was gone. Molly teared up at the thought of never seeing Jessica Lane’s holiday decorations again. She always went all out Halloween, Christmas, Easter, even New Years; she had actually been starting to decorate for Chinese New Year when the blast happened.
“I haven’t told you everything.” Sherlock replied. “You know I was a drug addict, you know I lived on the streets before I met Greg. But like you said that is only the surface.”
Greg cried out as his back arched and his body tensed as the electricity passed through him. As soon as it began it stopped and Greg fell to the ground, he was shaking and breathing heavily.
“As do you.” Riley smiled “You were just as busy as we were and you had to stay later to check post-op.”
Sherlock linked arms with Anthea and they followed the newlyweds down the aisle. John and Molly followed behind, John now carrying Rosie who was trying to chew her bracelet.
“Not right away, I know John, I know he’s going to have a hard time dealing with everything, processing it all” Sherlock replied
The high that the drugs Victor gave him was like no other. The clarity, the rush, the adrenaline. The only other times Sherlock ever felt like that was when he was sleuthing, as his mother called in. He’d been drawn into it at a young age, and even though he didn’t get the response, he was looking for it still felt good. Like it had on those cases for the Sargent. Running through London looking for more clues. That rush, that rush was better than any chemical high Victor could give him.
Sherlock gripped John’s hand tight. The both stood there hearts ripped out, crying as the plane faded into the distance.
Irene, Elijah, Willa and two others had been moved here a few weeks ago. Eurus made everyone believe that Willa had had a breakdown and moved. The others, Irene didn’t really know what their story was. She had never seen them before. One a younger man in his mid-30’s, the other an older man in his late 40’s or early 50’s. Irene never heard their names and hadn’t seen them since they had been brought here, and she certainly didn’t know how they tied into Sherlock and Mycroft’s lives. Then again maybe they were a part of John or Greg’s. Eurus seemed to be going after everyone associated with her brothers.
Then word came of Sherlock’s exile. Sebastian panicked everything they had planned was for London. It had to be London.
John wiped his eyes. He hadn’t been back to Mary’s grave since her funeral. He hadn’t even looked at a picture of her. They had plenty. He and Sherlock made a vow to have Rosie know who her mother was. Not fully but she would know she had a mother who loved her dearly even before she met her, mother who started a new life for her, a caring loving mother.
Once everyone was blindfolded Greg and Mycroft removed everyone but Molly and Brodie from the dance floor. Brodie took off his and smiled.
“She’s just trying to make us mad at you.” Greg said “I know I am not as brilliant as you or Sherlock. I well, maybe not a goldfish, maybe a Koi, like a giant pretty goldfish” Greg laughed.
“No I would not be good company.” Sherlock replied “I have Rosie’s bag so I have everything I need for overnight.”
I hope you are all still here and I hope no one is too upset with the OFC, she just sort of happened.
“Sir did you see that plume of smoke?” Sally Donovan said looking out the widow “It’s over by Regents Park”
“Now that he has revealed himself to the world he will try to pick up where he left off, making me look the fool and continuing his reign of terror.” Sherlock said as he peeked out the window. “Using people to further his game.”
John opened the door to the flat, Sherlock stood over Rosie’s bassinet playing and humming the melody. John smiled and stood beside him he waited till he finished then wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
There were some documents showing that the task force was trying to get banking records for Moriarty and Moran but it was proving hard. Off shore banks were notorious for not giving up records so easily.
“Car now.” Sherlock said “I do not wish to cause a scene, for Greg’s sake. If it was just you I wouldn’t care.”
Sherlock carefully sat on the bed careful not to wake her. He brushed a brilliant blonde curl off her face and smiled as her nose wrinkled.
Sherlock just silently nodded and let go of John’s hands. He turned and took Rosie from Mrs. Hudson and held her close.
Sherlock looked to the floor and saw the glass and liquid. A bottle of whisky was now shattered and its contents, not too much though, spreading across the floor. John stood in his pyjama bottoms, and his wellingtons on, must have been the closest shoe.
Irene Adler had disappeared again after her brief visit with unconscious Sherlock in the hospital. Everyone thought she would return she never did Anthea tried but couldn’t find out where she went. A team was sent to hotel that she owned in Greece but when they got there the found that her hotel been put up for sale no trace of Irene anywhere. This is disheartening and concerning why would she risk her life her freedom to tell them about the bombs show up in London to visit them say that she will return to visit Sherlock then not follow through on that promise?
John took the phone and sat again, he put the phone next to his cup before picking it up to take a sip of the tea. He watched it waiting for it to moan.
“Don’t rush into anything; you and the kids can stay as long as you need,” Carol said standing. She collected the cups and kissed Greg’s forehead. “And if I ever hear from my daughter again I am going to ream her out.”
“It appeared he is wearing a set of Sorcerer’s Apprentice Mickey ears.Greg is wearing what looks like an Indiana Jones fedora with Mickey ears.” John smiled.
Was there something he wasn’t doing that he should? Was there something he was doing that he shouldn’t?
John and Sherlock were finally getting married soon, New Year’s Eve to be exact. Angelo was shutting down the restaurant for them. The ceremony would be at the Westminster Register Office, then off to Angelo’s to celebrate. They had picked out an adorable little blue dress for Rosie. She was their flower girl, they asked Elijah to be their ring bearer and Mycroft and Greg to be their best men.
Sebastian had been hesitant at first; he had never seen Jim in person, just photos sent on private chats and to just meet in a foreign country alone. But Sebastian was a marine, he could handle himself. Besides the potential of danger just made him excited.
“You know.’ Moran said pausing “there are going to be so many guys getting in shit with their company. And half them aren’t even over here right now. But it’s easy as pie to steal the credentials needed to get close to all of this.” He said waving his hand to acknowledge the base around him.
“I’d offer to hug you but I think that would be awkward.” Anthea said reaching over and giving John’s hand a squeeze.
“More than enough” Mycroft said. They had already discussed the guest list and while Mycroft would have every right to go big with all his contacts that should be invited. They decided the wedding would be small and then later they would hold a reception and invite all the dignitaries and contacts that would not be at the wedding.
John knelt at Mary’s feet, she had been pushing for what seemed like forever and she was getting weaker, the pushes were not forceful anymore. Their young daughter was only just starting to appear.
“It’s rare but an electric shock can trigger an acute myocardial infarction. It’s a little different to treat since the underlying causes are not really all there. Yes Greg was a smoker, and drinks. But there are not really any blockages.” John said as he read over the test results. “I can treat him for this.”
Mycroft loved sweets, but also had struggled with his weight his entire life. So that made Greg’s talent a little bit dangerous, but Mycroft didn’t mind, especially when Greg told him he knew plenty of fun ways they could exercise without leaving their bed.
“Since I was a teenager I have never let anyone get too close. For reasons I,” Mycroft closed his eyes, a tear had formed in the corner of one “For reason I do not wish to discuss at this time. As I got older it was just easier to not get close, especially in this line of work. I didn’t always work behind a desk you know. I was a field agent for some time, a damn good one too, because I didn’t let my emotions rule me. I lost a lot of fellow operatives and bosses, but by not allowing myself to have the sadness or anger take over I was able to work when others couldn’t. It was my best quality and led me to where I am today. I can negotiate with anyone as I have no tells and my emotions do not cloud my judgement. I save lives and a protect countries. And If I let my heart take over for my head”
They would go and stay with Margaret’s mother, the woman who had also taken Greg’s side when Margaret acted up. He didn’t know why though. She was Margaret’s mother shouldn’t she stick up for her child.
Mycroft smiled it did, the truth about Eurus still had a heavy weight on him but being honest with Greg was good. It made him feel safe. Knowing Greg would share in everything with him.
“Oh that’s wonderful!” Greg smiled as he stood and hugged Molly. “Congratulations” He said shaking Brodie’s hand before hugging him.
He didn’t fall over, wasn’t like it was in the movies, gun goes off blood sprays and the victim goes flying. No in all the times Sebastian got shot he never fell. For arm or leg her would grab something and wrap it around the wound. The time he got shot in the hip in Lebanon Jimmy was with him; Jimmy got him sitting and took care of him.
“People talk already, don’t you go on social media?” Sherlock gave a soft laugh. “We’ll rebuild Baker Street, add a nursery and you me and Rosie against the world”
The feast was served. Mycroft and Greg taking turns to feed each other between kisses that were heralded by the clinking of silverware to glasses.
Of course he thought that was her only visit with him. Once the governor was in her control bringing him there whenever she wanted was easy. Even those few times Mycroft believed that Moriarty was still under lock and key awaiting trial.
Mycroft smiled more; he wanted to run to Greg but restrained himself and kept the pace they practiced.
“Can’t say I have sir.” Anthea said leaving the wall and carefully kneeling down by him again, she winced as she felt pull in her side. She began to check over Mycroft more thoroughly
“I’m going to go and have a shower, may turn in early, have to be up for that departmental meeting” Greg said opening the bottle and leaving the cap in the bin.
“I, I actually have been sitting here a little while, the one on one with Diane was short, I just needed a little time to stop and watch the world go by” John said pointing to the street and all the cars driving by “All these people just driving so calm. Like the events of January are forgotten, people forget that this street was one of the ones blocked, but you would never know that now. They blocked it to keep people from turning onto Alsop.” John reached out and held Sherlock’s hand “everyone in that group lost someone in the attacks.”
“John it’s Dimmock where have you and Sherlock been. McLaughlin and I have been trying to reach you for over an hour, I was just going to send Gregson round” Dimmock said his voice tinged with a bit of worry.
“NO!” Greg yelled out “You bastard, you mother-fucking bastard” Greg tried to get up but was only met with a sharp pain in his stomach. He looked down to see the blood starting to spread across his stomach.
“You shouldn’t be moving or lifting all this if you are injured.” Mycroft said in an almost scolding tone.
He reached up and caressed Greg’s cheek causing the man’s face to turn towards him. Mycroft leaned forward and kissed Greg.
“AC/DC t-shirt with the sleeves torn off, Brenden, the marathon runner…. Ever heard one of Tommy Tiernan’s stand-up routines” Mycroft smiled.
It was hard seeing everyone just laid out. Molly and Anthea could move to chairs for sitting if they preferred. Molly found it hurt too much to sit so just reclined in bed, watching the others
His stomach lurched as he took another bite. Overthinking, it gets you every time. John put his fork down and quickly made his way to the lavatory. Sherlock put his fork down and followed.
“It’s a form of survivors guilt John. You are here Mary isn’t, that she knew your true heart and that you really truly love Sherlock. From what you said of her last moments she wasn’t angry. You told me before the autopsy showed that she would have died no matter what, that the delivery of Rosie put too much strain on her body. You have said it before that a cesarean wouldn’t have been possible even if you had the equipment that it would have made things worse, for Rosie. Mary’s main concern and yours at the time was for the life and safety of your little girl. John I’d like you to join a support group. It meets on Monday nights and I feel that with you sharing your feelings and thoughts with others it will help.” Diane said as John just pulled his feet up under him in the chair “You don’t have to tell them what happened, they don’t need details just sometimes it’s good to talk with others who are going thought he same thing”
He sealed the letter in an envelope marked “For when I am in London”. He looked down at the stack of paper again began writing this letter was harder this letter held more truth then Jim had ever told in his life. When he was done he sealed it in a second envelope this one mark “For when I am gone”. Jim stood and headed to the main office of the hotel.
Sebastian tried to scream at the paramedic but nothing came out of his mouth, his voice wasn’t cooperating. He tried to push himself up but nothing was listening.
"It was the perfect start to a lifetime together" John smiled wrapping his own towel around Sherlock and snuggling in tight.
Greg looked at the stairwell as the men exited. The smile faded from Greg’s face. These men armed with heavy assault weapons were not the search and rescue squad, they were the ones who caused it.
“Thank you Rosie” Greg said as he took her to the window to let her look out over the gardens. She reached up as a butterfly landed on the ledge. “Oh gentle,” Greg said moving her hand back. “We have to be very gentle with butterflies.”
“I want to for once not hear their names” Greg said voice raising “I know they have a network out there, I asked to help bring it down. We were denied,,, wait or were you?” Greg said looking at Mycroft’s desk and the paper work “You are working it, you lied, again! Why are you always lying, keeping things from me?”
“I need it” Mycroft said trying to get up. He paused and looked down at his legs. “They didn’t take as much as I thought they would” He said before he drifted to sleep again
“Men started dropping. Back up was called. I was trying to protect on one the last still living patients we had. That’s when the pain tore through my body. The bullet had entered through the front and exited thought the back. Shattered my shoulder blade, as well as my first and second ribs, both front and back. I have plates on them now and a few on my shoulder blade, as well as a rod and two screws in my collarbone. I didn’t fall down. I stared at the bleeding wound in my shoulder and sort of lay down. Riley was running towards me when the next shot went off. Riley just stopped. I didn’t know what was going on as I was starting to lose consciousness. Riley looked down at me and there was blood running down his face. The bullet had caught him just under his helmet. He didn’t die instantly. He died three days later in a bed next to me in. Landstuhl Regional Medical Center, Germany. We were taken there before being brought back to England. Neither he nor I and many others were not stable enough to make the full flight. I was given a day pass to go to his funeral. His mother cried. A lot. She said I could come at any time and visit. But I haven’t been back since.” John stopped as his voice caught in his throat. The tears that had been building finally came.
Sherlocked looked to see Eurus standing by the well, she held john tight against her, gun aimed at his head.
“it’s alright Doctor Watson. No one blames you or Sherlock. You kept London safe from those two terrorists for years. Sherlock even sacrificed himself for you, but you got him back. I think the universe is trying to tell you that you are destined to be together” Karen softly said.
Greg set the beer on the shelf in the shower and turned on the water, stripping down he paused to look at himself in the mirror. The large scar on his hip, the larger uglier one on his stomach and side, at least the one on his hip matched the one on his knee. He was around the same weight he was before the attack. It had been a struggle to gain back the weight he’d lost from not being able to eat the few weeks after being shot in the stomach. But Tabitha made good food; it made it a little easier. And then Mycroft let Greg bake.
Mycroft stepped out of the car and headed towards them, his face looking even more off put then normal. John peeked in and looked at the small television in the car. A very familiar face was on it, with a simple repeating message of. Did you Miss me? Miss me?
There was a tiny pop sound followed by a whizzing noise and a small sharp pain in the back of Sherlock’s head. He reached up to feel and found a small dart. Tranquilizer he thought as his mind started to go fuzzy. He swayed then the ground came up very fast and all was black.
Riley missed the Two Canadian Doctors they’d had when he and John began their tour. They were funny and always made a rough day bearable. But they had only been on loan till the new arrivals took over and had gone back to Camp Nathan Smith in Kandahar.
“Wakehurst Place mansion was built by Sir Edward Culpeper in 1590. It originally formed a complete court-yard prior to being altered various times, and currently has an E-shaped plan. Wakehurst was bought in 1694 by Dennis Lyddell, comptroller of the Royal Navy treasurer’s accounts and briefly MP for Harwich. His son Richard Liddell, Chief Secretary for Ireland and MP for Bossiney, was obliged by financial pressure to pass the estate to his younger brother Charles. The house rated an illustration in Joseph Nash, The Mansions of England in the Olden Time” Flora the event’s coordinator said as the made their way into the building. “The gardens were largely created by Gerald Loder (later Lord Wakehurst) who purchased the estate in 1903 and spent 33 years developing the gardens. He was succeeded by Sir Henry Price, under whose care the Loder plantings matured, Sir Henry left Wakehurst to the nation in 1963 and the Royal Botanic Gardens took up a lease from the National Trust in 1965.”
“It’s ok Elijah we’ll head home and you can run all around the garden, just give Mummy time to catch her breath” the woman said.
“Oh, and to think I like that damned Bison skull” Mary whispered before her body relaxed, her hand holding a curved shard of the bison’s horn.
His mysterious partner had a contingency plan in place, and everything was bumped up by a few weeks, not ideal but doable.
“Should have just let Sholto and D’Helley at them.” One of the soldiers spoke up. “They could wipe the floor with those security guys. Even that washed up bootneck.”
John returned to the chair and poured himself a tea and put a biscuit in his mouth holding it there with his lips while he settled the laptop back on his legs.
Christmas Mycroft was headed up to his parents with John and Mary and Sherlock. Greg had been invited as a sort of peace offering but he had to work. That night Greg got a call Sherlock had shot a man in the head kill him and was now going to be exiled. Mycroft told Greg the truth he had to push him away Magnuson had threatened Greg’s life. If Mycroft didn’t get Sherlock to back off Magnuson would have killed Greg.
"Oh, I thought he said your name was Gavin?" Marisol said looking around. She saw Ashton on the ground "OH god, Ashton, where's Robbie, My Robbie?"
“Hey, we got survivors here!” Greg called. Carefully pulling himself closer to the elevator. “Someone is coming Sally. We’re getting out of here”
Plus with this being the last chapter I didn't want to rush it. I knew how I wanted the last lines to be but had to make sure I didn't rush to get there.
“IT’s going to take a while to get to the Government guy. Emergency vehicles for this place have most of the streets between here and Carlton House Terrace blocked with their vehicles, going to have to take the long way.” Dalton, his driver said as they started down Victoria Street, felt nice to drive against the normal flow of traffic.
Sherlock’s coat moaned, well the coat housed his phone, the phone with the god awful text alert as put on there by Irene Adler. It moaned again.
Sherlock was confused, why would she think that? Yes he cared for John, deeply, he loved him, he loved him from the day he walked into the lab at St. Bart’s. But John didn’t feel that way, John loved Mary, John married Mary.
He looked back over to the well, there were agents loading Eurus into a body bag. It was over, they were safe.
Taking the bone saw from the table beside her she flicked it on and started making the first cuts in the first rib.
“Did you injure your side my dear” Mycroft asked carefully turning his head and giving her a worried look.
The guests cheered as they two slowly and reluctantly separated. The Officiant was beaming. He turned to the guests
The men watched as she went off frame, stuff could be heard moving. Then Molly reappeared, bag over arm. She grabbed her keys and left.
"he didn't mean it, I made him angry." Sherlock said, "And I'm safe, he doesn't get angry before shows."
But it was more than that. Sherlock had trust in Molly, trust that she would do anything for him, the fact she kept Sherlock’s fake suicide from John and Lestrade for two years. Even as she watched both turn to alcohol to cope, John on the verge of the deep end of depression and Lestrade giving up any hope of saving his marriage, moving out to a tiny studio flat in Islington, then finding his way to Knightsbridge a lovely posh flat with the name of a certain alleged unfeeling government official on the paperwork. Hmm so maybe Sherlock’s death wasn’t that hard on Lestrade, then again he had moved back to Islington after learning of Mycroft’s part in the ruse.
“Oh sorry Elijah Rosie still can’t eat those, she’s still too little.” Sherlock said with a soft smile. Elijah adjusted his hand and offered the berry to Sherlock “Why thank you Elijah”
So he was in a hospital. He body had the familiar numb feeling of being on a morphine drip for pain. Really morphine after he almost overdosed, the doctors were taking chances. Then again all he remembered was a blast and bits of conversation here and there. Perhaps not being able to feel was a good thing.
"I'll hold the wound you go to your husband," Lestrade said. Marisol Nodded and Greg firmly placed his hands on Willa's wound. Willa winced. "Sorry"
“You really want to start this John?” Sebastian asked straightening up, dropping the gun to the ground an assuming a fighting stance “Boxing, kickboxing and hand to hand, just like we used to do for fun on base.”
“I will explain later right now Greg had a heart attack and we need to assess the damage and see if we can stabilize him till we can get out of here.” John said as he looked thought the supply cupboards.
“John, I don’t think the blood is supposed to be coming from under her arm” Mrs. Hudson, said as Mary gasped for air again.
“Garbage trucks!” Mycroft said pulling away from the window as a low rumble started. “Everyone to the shelter” He called as the whistle started. They were barely out of the office when the windows came shattering in.
Molly came into view; she went to the stove and put the kettle on before looking in the cupboard for tea.
John nodded as Sherlock carefully turned in his seat so he could out the car window. He was silent as he watched the buildings go by.
“Well from the photos Greg has posted on that private Facebook group Mycroft set up They look to be having a blast.” John said turning the phone to show Sherlock.
But now, now she wasn’t so sure if she wanted him to die. He would still suffer but maybe she wouldn’t have to kill him. Maybe she could torment him enough to break him beyond repair the send him out into the world a hollow shell of a man.
But everyone had their limits. Everyone had a breaking point where even the littlest thing could set them off.
John folded the towels and carefully wrapped them around Sherlock’s neck, not tight but bulky enough to keep his head from moving. He held the last layer in place with a few strips of packing tape.
John got on the train car and was not surprised to see that there were no seats. He made his way over to the nearest pole and took hold of it. As he did a young woman stood.
He watched as up a head a woman walked with her small son. The child was a about three years of age, and was wanting to break free and run but the grip the mother had on his hand prevented him from doing so, and he was getting frustrated.
“Oh what?” Sebastian said looking up at John who was now leaning over Mary’s body holding onto the table for support. “That your wife under the linen? Wasn’t she knocked up?”
“Oh let her chew” Mycroft replied “It’s human nature teething. Plus she’s my favorite niece so she can do whatever she likes”
“I don’t want him to be with me because he thinks he has to fix me, I want him there because he loves me” John spoke up looking up at Diane
“They’re good aren’t they?” Judy said “My mother bought them they’re organic and fair trade and sweet and sour and expensive” Judy giggle
Eurus stood in the hollowed out room. Once she had started gaining her freedom from incarceration in Sherrinford she started coming here often. Musgrave Hall, the ancestral home of her family, abandoned for years, the hollowed out shell gutted out by that wicked fire she started.
“Please do not punish Sherlock for saving me. I really gave him no choice” Irene said reaching in her pocket. She turned and walked back to Sherlock’s bedside. “Give him this to read when he is able”
“And when you discovered the truth you did nothing.” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. As they pulled up into the parking garage Mycroft’s office.
Patrick lost his partner of 36 years, Mindy her brother, Josie and Joey their fathers, a lot were at the MET, Police constables and support personnel, some were at St. Bart’s, some on the street by the Diogenes, and Karen. Karen lost her son and husband in Speedy’s sandwich shop.
Greg looked down at the remaining food on his plate and just pushed it around. He piled up his paper work back into their folders and slipped them into his briefcase. He picked up the tray and returned it to the Kitchen. Tabitha looked up and smiled, then her smile faded.
“Oh, sorry” John quietly said looking down “I, guess I’m not that good of a doctor, can’t recognize my own head injury and couldn’t save my wife”
John whimpered as he felt the blood rushing to his erection as Sherlock continued to with his stroking.
Anthea braced herself and began to pull on the glass. Once out it didn’t spurt, which was good, it just sort of leaked. She placed the pocket square on top and then wrapped the tie around and tied it off.
Where was Irene and was she with Elijah? Were they alright? There were some calls to the Hotel from an English number but beyond that the number was untraceable. Looked like multiple burner phones.
"Careful, that bruise from Paris is still healing," Willa said as the dresser tied her in. She looked around.
Sherlock carefully reached behind and tried all of his. None worked. Elijah copied Sherlock but none worked.
Greg was in the bed next to Mycroft. He was on a ventilator; the bullet had torn though his stomach causing a lot of damage that thankfully had all been fixed. He’d broken his hip as well, that had been surgically repaired and splinted as well, and there was extensive damage as he had walked on it after it was broken. Adrenaline could do that though. His eyes were bruises as was his nose; Anthea said he had a pretty nasty concussion as well.
“There was a massive explosion, police, fire and paramedics will be on the way as is” Mary replied. Her breathing sounded off to John; Then again she was on her side with the bulk of Sherlock on her.
“You get two figures. you be either Iron Man, Black Wiwow, Wonnner Woman or Back Panter. I’m going to be the Batman and Tor they my favorite” Elijah Smiled
floor, it was a mess. The whole center of the building was gone. Just a hole that went from ground floor to roof, Greg could see the sky above.
“It’s alright.” Sherlock said noting the woman’s limp. “Are you alright would you like to sit?” He asks gently guiding her to the nearby bench.
John was not afraid to admit he was crying. Rosie and Mrs. Hudson were all packed up. Anthea’s best agents were going to accompany them to an undisclosed secure location. Rosie just hugged him and babbled on about the new stuffed bumblebee Sherlock had bought her.
“He was asking about both of them, but he was the one who helped Willa and I. He held pressure on the neck wound,” Marisol said taking Willa’s hand.
“I’ll stay in front of him.” Willa said. Sherlock gave a careful nod as Willa led them through the woods. “I remember Eurus, taking me to the well, telling me that if I didn’t behave I would wind up at the bottom. Mother found us. Eurus was scolded for leaving the house with me without telling anyone. Mummy wasn’t mad that Eurus left, but that she took me. I don’t think Mummy or Daddy ever meant to treat her like she wasn’t important. I think they were just overwhelmed. They had three bright, brilliant children and then one who was fragile in their eyes. My adopted mother told me my medical history. I was a very sick child, but I got better, I got stronger, I survived.” Willa gave small smile. “I think it was a few weeks after the well incident that Eurus pushed me. But all that around there, I don’t remember.”
“Everything is going well. John and Sherlock are just enough mentally compromised that they aren’t settled. John feels so guilty for his wife’s death. So guilty about the explosions, it couldn’t have been better if I had planned it.”
As much as postmortems could provide a nice challenge for one’s brain, on a day like today Molly would prefer a more cut and dry cause such as a bullet wound or impalement. But no such interesting cases had been coming her way. She had a sinking suspicion that the rest of the lab was still handling her with kid gloves. Molly could have come back to work almost a month after the explosions, but chose instead to use some holiday time and travel to see some relatives in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
“No what ifs.” John cut him off “We go forward we deal with whatever it is coming at us and we do it together.”
He carefully steadied himself in front of the door, bent his knees and gave a small hop while holding onto the sides of the elevator door. He successfully pulled himself onto the 5
Hello I hope I haven’t alienated anyone with the original character. It just sort of happened while writing. She started off as a male but then I felt it worked to have another female so there had been that balance two male Holmes two female and then loosing that other half. I hope you stick with me thought the duration of this story line.
Eurus watched as Sherlock retrieved the child from the branch. Well she guessed her could let one live.
Mycroft staggered as the bullet entered the fleshy part of his lower arm. He instinctively reached over and held in close.
Mycroft gently eased himself in to the chair. The nurse had been kind enough to help him over. Mycroft just wanted to be close to Greg. The Ventilator had been removed all that was left was for Greg to wake up.
Rain cascaded down over the windows; the thunder shook the walls as the lightning lit up the sky. Not that there was much to see out the windows, the bleakness of the sea was further highlighted by the ever present fog on the rocky shores.
“Perhaps it’s time for a different drink” John said turning and looking at Sherlock. “Tea, biscuits, and a nice long chat, both of us”
“Oh please gag me with a spoon.” Victor said mimicking a gagging then retching sound. “Next question? Four men were in a boat on the lake. The boat turned over and all four men sank to the bottom, yet not a single man got wet. How?”
A lot of this is happening at the same time. So it may seem like timings are off but it's because it's all happening together!
“I see Mr. Bee. But remember to be careful my honeybee it hurts when you hit people” Sherlock said tears building in his eyes again.
Victor Trevor was injured but would survive. Currently, he was under observation and security at a city hospital. Once he was able, he would be loaded in a transport and sent off to a secure facility. Mycroft had taken over. Greg was actually grateful for Sherlock’s older brother to move in. This would be way too much paperwork for him. He was tired. Life at home wasn’t the greatest his wife was more distant than ever and was trying to pin the kids against him only to get angry that is wasn’t working.
John sighed and stood up. He thanked Diane and took the card for the group meeting. He headed out to the waiting room and checked in with the receptionist to book for the following week, same time, just after work, before heading home to spend the night with Rosie, Sherlock and probably a case. Sherlock had been taking on a lot of them.
Carefully supporting Sherlock’s head and neck with one hand John placed his other hand on Sherlock’s hip. Mary was able to move her arms and helped support Sherlock’s front as they got him flat on his back.
“I got promoted. Detective Inspector and Donovan got the Sargent’s” He said still lingering by the door. “Guess I have your brother to thank.”
“She is still asleep and should be for a while longer.” Sherlock kissed Mrs. Hudson’s cheek “Thank you for looking after her.”
“She got almost everything she asked for except for her freedom. Books, newspapers, photos.” Anthea listed.
“Serial killers get fans.” John added “Wouldn’t be far off for someone to do the same to Sherlock and Moriarty. The blogs are public.”
Greg closed his eyes and let the water run over him. Would it be another super late night for Mycroft, would he even come upstairs tonight?
Sherlock’s eyes reddened as the tears welled. John had been getting better. What had sent him off down this much worse path? He didn’t know if he should talk to Diane, he understood patient/doctor confidentiality but perhaps she could help Sherlock help John.
Sherlock had woken again. John just calmly talked as he put a hand on the man’s chest keeping him from trying to sit up. Sherlock had mumbled then passed out again.
“Oh John. You care so much for poor sick Karen, lost her family, recovering from cancer.” Eurus spoke as a man, Victor Trevor, entered the room with Karen. “She’s been through so much, suffered so much.”
"You won't get away." Sherlock coughed, the blood that was pooling in his mouth dripped out, it was getting harder to breathe, his lung was punctured.
And soon after completing his courses he started working at St. Bart’s, a month after the rebuild was done, so roughly about a month and a half after the explosion.
"Wow, almost like a tour, but then again more dangerous." Willa smiled, she liked these two there was something about them that put her at ease.
“It’s ok John, You’re ok” Mummy Holmes said holding his hand again. John slowly settled again as Mummy started to hum.
“I, I had my suspicions.” Greg finally spoke. “There were signs, but I just didn’t know what to do.”
He and Willa had been modeling since fourteen. Their mother thought it would keep them out of trouble. Keep them occupied. Even she didn’t know that they would take off to this level. By seventeen they were doing shows in London for some of the shops on the high street. They were officially discovered at twenty by an agent for an international agency. And now seven years later they were at their peak if the industry was to be believed.
“Very good Sherlock, but don’t get cocky you know what happens when you get cocky” Eurus said “Next question. What is the longest word in the English language?”
“No, I don’t have any patches on me and I just needed a taste.” Sherlock said as he shoved his hand in his pockets. Sherlock hadn’t smoked in a long time, he still hid a carton of cigarettes in the Persian slipper by his chair and he still kept a box of nicotine patches on the top shelf of the medicine cabinet in the washroom, but he never used them. He hadn’t needed too. Even through every setback John had in his recovery after the explosions Sherlock held fast, being the rock John needed. Now he was crumbling. This was more of a shock to Sherlock than anything that had happened over the last 6 years.
The door to the room opened. Greg, John and Willa looked as three men entered and stood by them. They looked like inmates, dressed in simple white trousers and tee-shirts.
“She was crying earlier. What you are doing is cruel. She doesn’t remember you, or Sherlock, or Mycroft.” Irene said anger rising in her
Mycroft sat in front of the fire in the study. The brandy sniffer carefully cupped in his hand, the empty decanter sat on the side table in front of him. The last twirls of smoke floated off his cigar as the embers died. Mycroft had never gotten himself into a situation that he couldn’t talk and charm his way out of, until now.
“Put Mycroft in a cell with Anthea and Greg. Maybe we will return to them after this is all done, maybe not” Eurus instructed. “Take Wilhelmina and Sherlock to Musgrave along with John, let’s see just how far I can push my dear brother.”
He sold the villas in Georgia and the Dominican Republic, as well as the flats in New York, Paris, St. Petersburg, and Glasgow. He kept the flat in London and Jim’s family home in Bawnboy, Ireland. He couldn’t get rid of those, they meant too much to him.
“Monty died of an overdose shortly before Victor hospitalized me.” Sherlock replied getting his coat on. “It was the beginning of the end for Victor’s drug lord reign.”
The case John worked with Greg is based on the Sherlock Holmes story The Norwood Builder truncated and twisted a bit for this story.
“He’s hardly innocent though. He brought Sherlock to Baskerville. Sherlock broke into Baskerville and his meddling brought about the end of some experimentation that I was enjoying. I loved watching the progress.” Eurus said
Sebastian was looking forward to this little game, toying with people was always fun, and toying with those of higher intelligence, those who thought themselves above others, they were the best ones to toy with.
There was no stimulation, nothing to amuse him. There was a television in the room, but nothing on their interested him, well nothing but the news but it wasn’t like he could follow up on a hunch he had about one of the stories.
Was this all really over? Moran was in jail, Moriarty dead, but why was Irene still in the wind, she’s safe now, they had no hold on her. Greg opened another file. It was on some of the network that was still intact, the factions Moran had managed to salvage or start up again. Chechnya, Serbia, Georgia, Syria, Turkey, and Kyrgyzstan, there was a gang affiliate in the United States and one in Mexico along with several factions in South America.
“Forgive me Mrs. Holmes, My name is Irene Adler. You son helped me with a very delicate situation a few years ago” Irene said offering her hand to Mummy Holmes.
“It’s fine” Willa replied more forcefully. She had been pulling at the handcuffs since she woke up and was so close to getting them free.
“Hello, Jimmy” Sebastian replied “I feel a little underdressed” He made a gesture to Jim’s suit that seemed to fit him like a glove.
Sherlock sighed and stood and headed for the room. He opened the small sliding door and looked at the man on the bed. He was nice enough. Shorter than Sherlock would have chosen for himself, and a little older too. His close-cropped brown hair and the way he carried himself was a dead giveaway of his military background even before Sherlock saw the tattoo on his upper bicep.
“Eat now work later.” Tabitha smiled “I made you favorite” Sher said as she removed the cover on the plate.
Eurus looked, Sherlock was out of the shipping container and her two helpers were down. Her phone beeped.
Anthea attempted to move the body off her only to have pain shoot though both arms. Her one shoulder was dislocated; she was familiar with that pain having had it dislodged once before while in a fight in Istanbul. She could see the blood on her other arm; a rather large piece of glass was embedded in her forearm just below her elbow.
birthday. The birth certificate put his birth as a few days before Moriarty had himself arrested at the Tower of London, in 2011. Documents showed that Moriarty was there for the birth. To leave your new born at home, to go to your death. But the reports were in Moriarty was dying anyway from an inoperable brain tumor. He just wanted to take Sherlock down with him. He thought he could bring him down by isolating him, but making his friends and colleagues doubt him. Greg hated to admit it but there was a point when he did, he had thought what if Sherlock created it all. But no, he’d seen Sherlock in action and knowing Mycroft as he did he knew that there was no way that He would have let his little brother do all that. John never gave up either. John would never give up on Sherlock.
“Yeah. Then you let Sherlock get close to him, you let Sherlock kill him.” Sebastian said though gritted teeth.
“Well on to Baker Street before we lose that too” Sebastian hollered at Dalton as he watched an ambulance pulling away.
Greg pulled Mycroft in close and firmly planted his lips tightly on Mycroft’s. Mycroft wrapped his arm around Greg and matched Greg’s kiss strength, slipping his tongue between Greg’s lips and running it along Greg’s before flicking it against the roof of his mouth.
Sebastian slammed his fist on the dashboard. How could she? How could Irene dare to betray him like this? He thought she cared for him, he thought she was like family, like Jim.
Greg looked out the window again. There were 140 guests in total including the wedding party. Mummy and Daddy Holmes were there of course. Greg’s cousins (Albert, Killian, Roger and Oscar) their families. His nephew Andrew was their junior groomsman and ring bearer. He would be bringing Rosie, their flower girl, down the aisle in a vintage pram. Mycroft and Greg wanted her to be a part of the wedding, even if the throwing of petals was not allowed on the grounds.
She was dating Ashton and the two of them were going to get another violinist and viola player to play at Greg and Mycroft’s ceremony. Mycroft said Willa would be composing a piece for them.
“You can’t Myc look at four months ago. And I know your life is dangerous and I am fine with that. It’s like john choosing Sherlock. We are willing to live with the danger to be with the man we love.” Greg replied sitting up and leaning on the table. “So tell me now. Who is Willa and why was she cut out of the Holmes family portrait.”
“When I am done with you I am taking out the child then I will revel in the sweet reward of killing Sherlock” Sebastian said as he charged at John.
“Anthea can inform him of her status, I’m sure the Detective Sargent has some paperwork to fill out before heading home to his family,” Mycroft said texting his PA.
The men woke with a start; their cell phones were ringing and vibrating across the kitchen table. John staggered in and picked up the nearest one.
“Nothing you can test it if you want before you give it to her. I just want to know that you will keep having to lie to everyone about me. Your dirty little secret.” Eurus gave a laugh as she put it in the chamber and rotated it towards Mycroft. “My birthday wish is that I get to keep giving you gifts for Rosie, I get to torment you by making you lie to those you love. You thought you could keep me hidden Mycroft. You can’t. I will always be there at the back of your mind in the shadow of your heart. The one you couldn’t save. The one you keep hidden, the one you use.”
John closed his eyes and leaned against Sherlock’s chest. The warmth of the bath water and the softness of Sherlock’s chest made John feel secure.
The answer was simple. Adrenaline. John was running on pure adrenaline, probably felt nothing but a headache and some discomfort in his stomach and abdomen.
"Hey, when in the mood, you should see how much Sherlock can eat." Willa smiled as she looked over at his brother, he gave a small shiver that went unnoticed by the two doctors. Sherlock had run out of his stash and was starting to come down. Hopefully, sleep would help. Normally a good sleep chased off his withdrawal sickness.
“There’s a whole squad of armed men standing outside just on Carlton House, sort of where our wall used to be” Anthea reported
For the next hour and a bit, the two military doctors swapped stories with the young model about all the places they had visited and all the adventures they had gotten into.
“Did you want a short private session John?” Diane said coming over. John just nodded. “Ok you let Sherlock know, go wait in my office, I will just tidy up here”
"You two stalling out here? The agency sent over some gifts for you back in your bunks." The burly Scotsman that didn't look like a fashion agent but who had a real eye for talent smiled and pointed down the corridor to the back of the plane.
Of the five released Victor was the only one still loose. The others had all been rearrested with in the month after breaking the probation that had been at least put in place on them. But Victor was still out there.
John just glanced over to Lestrade who stood and headed over arms out he caught the Consulting detective as he passed out.
“I know they thought I was you. They kidnapped me and Sarah and you heroically saved us after putting us in mortal danger to begin with.” John said with a half-smile.
She started assessing the rest of her body, broken rib, maybe two, was hard to distinguish from pain alone. Her legs were sore but she could move them. She braced herself against the fallen desk and forced herself to sit up. The pain in her shoulder flared trying to match the pain in her side.
He started off as a regular constable mostly foot patrol, after helping out the narcotics team with a case he was moved to their division mostly just working undercover helping them with cases. Just before he met Sherlock Holmes he was made a detective constable with narcotics. By the time he met Sherlock again after Sherlock’s many rehab stays he was a Detective Sergeant in the major crimes division, after closing a few cases with Sherlock Greg was made a Detective Inspector. Both Sherlock and Mycroft insisted that they had nothing to do with the promotion that is was all Greg’s own doing, and so began Greg’s relationship with the Holmes Brothers.
“No you are too emotional and that was your downfall, great plans but too much emotion.” She said lowing the pillow onto his face “Don’t worry though; you and Jimmy will be together soon. You can enjoy hell together. Do give him my regards”
"We were mostly in Kabul our first tour, so we took care of the guys after they were brought in from the front of base hospitals and medical outposts. This year we're in Helmand province, it more of a front of action base. They said it's our higher ranks that got us pushed forward, we both made Captain after our last tour." Riley said as John watched them take off out the window.
“No, he doesn’t meddle, your work on the Victor case was your boon. If I had known you were on him, I would have called you, seems your response time is quicker than Mycroft’s.”
“Oh I can think of a few things” Mycroft said hitting the button beside him and raising the privacy window between them and their driver.
Lestrade stood outside the hospital. Having Sherlock Holmes and his friends on his side was either going to be an excellent thing or a horrible thing in his future? He guessed he’d have to wait to find out.
Before it reached his neck he saw another hand in his peripheral vision reach over and take it, too small for John’s, then he saw his mother’s face come into view.
He’d almost lost her when they were little. His dog got a little rambunctious and knocked her down the stairs. She’d hit her head and nearly died. They were 5. From then on Sherlock had vowed to protect her.
Greg looked down with a smile. He’d never be able to tell Sherlock and John that Mycroft and he were now proud members of the mile high club. It’s amazing what a government official could get away with on an international flight.
“Did you need assistance my dear” She heard a familiar voice say but she could not see where it was coming from. “I am just behind the desk”
There were Riley, John and Conrad Davidson were the British doctors, there was Esben Christensen, Isabelle Jeppesen, and Alvilda Frandsen from Denmark. From the United States, there was Grant Foster, Benjamin Harting, and Louis Marpel.  There were also many nurses from the three countries and more from other allied nations working out of the base.
“Move the door out to half-way down the hall so it encompasses the upstairs room into the entire flat” Sherlock said “The upper room, John’s old room will be Rosie’s room”
“Rosie’s mother was the wife of my, friend” Sherlock said, it didn’t seem right to say wife of now partner to a complete stranger.
He carefully reached up and felt the slats as they went over his head and met at a bar that ran over his mouth, the smaller metal plate protruded into his mouth and sat on top of his tongue. A Scold's bridle is what is was called sometimes called a witch's bridle, a medieval torture device meant as a punishment for shrews or scolds; women of the lower classes whose speech was deemed "riotous" or "troublesome"; by preventing such "gossips or scolds" from speaking.
Sherlock carefully held John’s arm as they made their way down the hall. John had agreed to go to the group therapy session. Sherlock, with Rosie in her snuggly, agreed to go to for the journey with John. John had gotten a little better over the weekend. He had eaten and it had stayed down. It was just one medium sized meal a day but Sherlock was pleased, it was a great improvement.
Mycroft looked around the flat. It was a mess but nothing was missing. Her cellos including the Stradivarius were all still in her music room. Her jewelry still in the box on her dressing table. The cushions and pillows from the couch and loveseat were strewn about the floor, the chairs on their sides.
“I believe we have a yes!” Dimmock proudly announced as Molly and Brodie each gave a thumbs up without breaking their kiss.
Sebastian looked out the window and sighed. He should have thought about that. Of course after the explosions Buckingham Palace and the Mall would be blocked off. Hell his men were the ones blocking half the Mall.
Victor didn’t like it. Victor didn’t want Sherlock talking to cops, especially one that was working closely with the narcotics unit. Victor… Sherlock looked up at the screen, the ticker on the bottom of the news program was reporting that the suspect in the Fashion Week shooting had been moved from Hospital to a secure facility.
“I do good work” She smiled before turning to the door. “I am done; I’d like to go back to my cell now you can come clean up”
“This is the part where the wedding couple have their first dance. Now Greg thinks this is supposed to take place on this dance floor here with this wedding band there. But not quite.” The curtain dropped covering the band area and some movement could be heard as Dimmock continued “Mycroft was in charge of the music for the reception and he really went all out. Mycroft and Greg chose a unique but not unheard of song for their first dance. A song from their mutually shared favorite band, not their personal ones but the band who’s songs have been there in the defining moments in their relationship. This song is written as a love note from the author to his wife, but still the lyrics hold true to the love of Greg and Mycroft. When the singer sings
“Yes, I have a surprise for you, if it all works out” Mycroft smiled “I cannot make a cake or design our wedding attire, but I can give you a special gift of music, you love music and so it is the best gift I can give.”
Mycroft and Greg had opted not to do speeches as everything they needed to say was said in their vows. Instead Andrew stood at the microphone and read a poem. It was quite sweet. Then Dimmock took over the microphone again.
Mycroft set down the glass and folded his hands on his lap. He proceeded to tell Greg the same story Sherlock remembered about the family dog accidently pushing Willa down the stairs. About her coma and Sherlock’s traumatized mind rewriting his memories.
Sherlock stared up at the ceiling, the same wood fiber ceiling tiles found in hospitals everywhere, even the shabby little aid station in Serbia where Mycroft took Sherlock for a quick check over even had them.
“No!” Mycroft said jumping up, the sudden movement caused the ankle joint in his prosthetic to catch nearly sending Mycroft to the floor.
“Appointment with the events coordinator at Wakehurst, the car is picking us up at nine and we have to be there at 10:30” Mycroft practically moaned out as Greg slid his hand into Mycroft pyjama bottoms.
“Moriarty has to be dead” Sherlock started “He blew his brains out, no one survives that and even if they did their mental and physical capacity would be greatly diminished.”
“You didn’t have to wait, Sal,” Greg said as he approached, she handed him a coffee. “Ah, but thank you.”
Greg held Mycroft’s hand as they neared the dance floor. He wrapped his arms around Mycroft tight. Dimmock came and stood with the gathering group set around the dance floor to watch the happy couple.
“Sorry” She said standing again and scanning the room, there was a refrigerator in the shelter, she saw it on the back wall another of the sitting room chairs in front of it. She moved it and pulled out the ice tray.
Then his brain jolted him awake. It knew there was something not right. His brain was buzzing but his body was reluctant to move. His eyes opened to an almost darkness, He squinted and blinked to allow his eyes to adjust to the dimly lit room. There were a bank of large screen TVs in front of him their static filled screens were providing most of the light and the white noise was the only sound in the room, save for his own breathing and the breathing of others.
“Has been dead for 15 years” Sherlock interjected “You were a big boy by them, well placed in the government. And what do you chose to do. Not tell me the truth, but rather you try to bury it and erase her from all records.”
Eurus smiled. It had been a delightful fire, started right here in her old bedroom. The kindle was her drawings, the fuel a small container mummy used for her chaffing dishes at Christmas time. The matches were in daddy’s study.
He heard Willa speaking, he looked up and saw the flames, the house was engulfed, there was no way he could even try to get in and get her.
“I guess it’s my turn.” John said sitting up straighter in the chair as the smile faded and the laugh died.
Eurus pulled the trigger. A hail of gun fire erupted from the area of the Helicopter sending Eurus sprawling onto the ground.
There laid out on the floor was a woman, in a pink suit, the word Rache written in pink paint. There was pink phone beside her too. It sat there vibrating.
“I will get the paperwork and contract started” Flora said leading them to a small table set with tea and dainties “Give my 20 minutes”
Mycroft mentioned drugs; he asked Sherlock if there was a list. John scoffed at the idea, Sherlock was just in his mind palace, and he did it all the time. The Sherlock handed Mycroft the piece of paper.
“We’ll deal with that later” Greg said kissing Mycroft’s forehead “Call Anthea, cancel your meetings, I’m cancelling mine. We’re going to spend the day together”
“I will look into it sir.” Anthea replied. “Perhaps when he has calmed, give him a few days, you should tell him everything, that isn’t classified that is.”
John looked over at Sherlock and smiled. Soon they would be going through all this. Their wedding would be a little smaller just family and close friends. They decided to have it just right at Angelo’s, wedding and Reception all in one.
“In a room, in a burnt out room, I, I think this is my old house, from when I was little. I’m handcuffed to a chair” Willa answered “Where are you Doctor Watson?”
“I don’t have any evidence to charge you with the alleged crimes, but you did engage in a fight with my men. I am grateful you brought some relief doctors to us, but I am going to have to ask you to leave. The reliefs are staying anyway as two of my American doctors will be leaving in a few days so your services will not be needed. Major Sholto and Major D’Helley will accompany you to your quarters and supervise your immediate departure from our base.” Wilshire said. “The transport Helicopter will be here in twenty minutes.”
“Anthea, I need to come over here and help.” John said from where he stood next to the bed they had placed Greg on.
"Until you get bored with Aston or he gets fed up with a long distance relationship, you'll crawl right back to it," Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
“His name is Greg, you should be learning the name of your future brother in law” Mycroft said slightly exasperated
Marisol screamed and Willa cringed as the bullet hit the edge of the gap and ricocheted. Willa let out a gasp. As another shot rang off. Marisol looked up to see Victor pitch sideways onto the runway. She turned to look at Willa.
“You sustained quite a bit of damage to your stomach, they repaired it but it’s a slow heal, and you broke your hip” Mycroft explained
It was quieter now. Willa carefully got herself propped up. She hesitantly peered over the runway. There were people lying everywhere, where was Sherlock, and Ashton, Marisol's husband Robbie had also been in the audience.
“Ok, so how did the luminol get in there and tell Molly yes we will be glad to come. I know the perfect outfit for Rosie. That little knitted dress Mycroft’s secretary made is now the perfect size for her.” John said gathering the file as Sherlock went back to the microscope.
Anthea had verified the ticket purchase to America and the small flat being rented by Willa in Seattle.
“He was hit by something as we fell” Mary said seeing the look on John’s face. “Then all this debris came down”
“It even has a lock” Greg said pulling Mycroft to his feet “We’ll have to be quick I think they were only giving us an hour.”
“I proposed to Riley over a soldier we were stitching back together. A nurse asked what we were planning on doing after the war. I replied I don’t know, get married. Riley answered only if he could wear the dress.” John gave a soft laugh as tears formed in his eyes “Sholto was on his week away leave in Kabul. Drinks, smokes and women week he called it. We got a call to move out. There was wounded and they needed full field medical. Riley and I suited up and headed out. We packed up 23 soldiers for transport. Mostly lost limbs and shrapnel wounds from the IEDs the convoy hit. We were just finishing up, tagging the dead for their own transport, when the ambush happened. A group of Taliban led by a few former British and American military men who had gone bad.”
Sherlock focused on his breathing, in and out, in and out and the pain in his chest started to fade. Mummy pressed the button on the drip and soon Sherlock was sleeping again.
Sebastian turned and looked down the hall into the kitchen. John and Sherlock were hooked to IVs and were being treated and moved onto stretchers, John was lifted up first as the paramedics where working on getting a collar on Sherlock and a backboard under him.
“Yes and you are going to as well. We can skype them. Tell them all about what they have to look forward to when we get back. You know the minute we tell my mum we’re engaged she’ll start planning the wedding without us.” Riley smiled.
Sebastian smiled as he yanked Jim’s head up by his hair and planed a firm kiss on his lips while grabbing his growing erection in his hand.
“Mycroft was seven years old when I came into the world. He had seven years of being an only child and honestly sometimes I believe he thinks he still is one” Sherlock paused for more giggles “He was my first friend and my first enemy. I can’t imagine the stress our parents felt with our constant fighting and trying to one up each other and be the favorite.” More laughs “I would love to tell you some funny antidotes but I am afraid to be tried for treason.”
Sherlock picked up the first one and started reading “Gardner.” He replied and picked up the second. “Hmm, this one may take a while with me still confined to this bed.”
“You’re wearing too many clothes Jimmy, You want to see what I can do you’re going to have to start stripping” Sebastian smiled
Willa sat on the edge of the bed trying to gather herself, she wasn’t moving quickly enough for Eurus and soon Willa was jerking and yelping again.
"Victor will be there in London when we get there," Brody replied. He didn't like Victor. He didn't like the way he treated Sherlock or even Willa. And he was pretty sure it was Victor that had been supplying the twins with drugs.
Mycroft smiled at John using our, for the bedroom, he knew they were going slowly but he was also still expecting that happy announcement soon.
The ones on the other side of the pond never did fall, just merely got cut off from Europe and the rest of the world. The others, Moran had worked hard to build those back up in such a short time, adding more factions to the network as he added to his militia.
It had taken a lot out of the still healing Greg; the emotional toil was a lot to handle along with physio and a budding relationship, so the DI tended to sleep a lot.
The consensus seems to be that in s1 of Sherlock, Sherlock is around 34 years old. John about 37. I am dropping those years down a bit to fit with this alternate universe/reality. I already put Greg in at around 43, so Sherlock and Willa are 27, John is 30/32ish, and Mycroft 34. Working off that some of the most popular supermodels were in the late 20’s early 30’s during the height of their careers.
John was placed with the bones of an old friend of Sherlock’s, Elijah was in a precarious situation over the nearby bluff, and Willa, Eurus turned to see the woman tied up on the chair, Willa was in quite the danger herself.
“Sherlock’s mental state had been delicate since the accidental death of Willa. Mum and Dad do not know the truth either. Looking back do I regret it? Yes. Do I wish I could change the past? Yes. Can I do that now? No.” Mycroft said picking up the glass again.
Well not a care for now. They were scheduled to fly out to London the following day. It was time to play a little game with a man by the name of Sherlock Holmes, called himself the world’s only Consulting Detective. Jim had just smiled he seemed like a fitting adversary for the world’s only Consulting Criminal. The fact that they had had a run in before, years ago when they were younger, Sherlock tried to solve one of Jim’s first kills.
“I would like to be Black Panther and Wonder Woman. They are my favorite” Willa said picking up the figures. “And who are we battling?”
“I saw what’s been all over the telly and couldn’t think of anywhere to come but here.” Lestrade said as the four joined him and all five headed inside.
The pain hit first, Sebastian just looked down at the hole in his chest and the blood spreading and staining his shirt.
On one side the tall, athletic man royal marine tattoo on his bicep and his light brown hair buzzed into the traditional close-cropped marine style. Fighting alongside his was a smaller man who looked out of place. He was too polished for this rugged camp. John had never seen either in that camp before.
The doctor sighed, Sherlock was right; he had been warned about what it was like having Sherlock Holmes as a patient. The aides moved the chair then moved Sherlock into it.
“One” Mycroft said taking out his wallet. He removed one of the many pictures of Rosie he had started carrying in it.
John reached up and cradled the back of Sherlock’s head in his hand and kept him tight against his lips.
John just looked down, the plane wasn't taxiing yet as luggage was still being loaded, were they going to stop and kick them off?
John had had what the doctors were calling a minor cardiac episode. They were saying it was caused by stress and anxiety. John had been awake for a little bit earlier; he was upset and agitated which only caused his monitors to go off and the nurses to rush them all out of the room that just made Rosie cry.
As Sherlock held John close he knew his lover had finally reached that limit, and had gone far past, further then he had been when Sherlock met him. John wasn’t broken, he was shattered.
“You asked my real name” Mary said near breathless “Rosamund, Rosamund Mary Morstan, that’s the full of it. Our daughter” She weakly said trying to sit “Call her Rosamund Mary, Rosie”
Eurus watched on her Monitor as John struggled with the shackles as the water started inching up to his hips. Elijah was rocking on the branch and crying, Willa was just starring out the window watching Elijah rock, and coughing. Sherlock was pacing in his holding cell eyes closed no doubt reaching into the depths of his mind palace trying to solve her song.
“John and I rarely get fresh fruit. We rarely eat. I guess I haven’t been the best companion for him on his healing journey. He couldn’t eat from injuries and stress and myself. I rarely eat. I just get so busy so caught up in stuff and I forget. I often wondered if I was causing more harm than good to John. But I think we’re both getting in a better place.” Sherlock smiled and looked at Judy. “How have you been? It’s been a few weeks.”
Sherlock wiped his eyes and stood. He rounded the bed and carefully climbed up wrapping his arms around John and resting his head on John’s shoulder. John’s head moved and rested on Sherlock’s.
“Yes, yes, all very sweet. But I am tiring of all this, why are you all not reacting the way I predicted.” Eurus fumed
“Yes” John replied as the familiar face of one Henry Knight came into view. He was armed with a knife and was running.
“I need to tell you, you have every right to know. I know so much about your past but I have barely scratched the surface of my life, my past.” John said reaching up and holding Sherlock’s hand. He lifted it off his shoulder and kissed it.
It was easy to move in and out of Sherrinford. Once Eurus had gained control of the guards it was easy to come and go as she like. Not that she did it much. But when one of her little spies told her of Sebastian and his plan, she had to help. But he botched that and plan b went into action.
“Jimmy was quite lovely wasn’t he? I got to meet him in his prime.” She said the unnerving smile returning.  “He was my Christmas gift a few years ago. We made plans. He would help me get my revenge”
It seems Jim had made contact with this person a while ago and they had a pseudo plan in place, which was sort of derailed by Jim’s death. But this voice on the end of the line had information, good information on all involved.
The bold rich colors were so welcoming though. The dining table a dark rich wood surrounded by bright pink, red, orange and yellow chairs with an overlay harlequin pattern. The table was covered in all sorts of food.
“See if we can look into any activity she had after last Sunday. See when she left the apartment and try to see where she went.” Mycroft relayed to Anthea who nodded and typed away into her blackberry.
Greg took another look at the budget sheet, he hated budget paperwork the most out of all the kinds of paperwork there was. He turned on the TV to watch the news as he ate. Trump this, Brexit that. Greg didn’t want to think about it, there was something about a new anti-terrorism bill before parliament; they were talking about the attacks on the MET. They put up a picture of Moran and one of Moriarty. Greg grabbed the remote and turned the TV off. He leaned back in the chair and shut his eyes. When would they stop being everywhere? He knew they needed to keep the public aware and he knew that there may still be the network there with the ties that they didn’t know about. Who know who was out there gearing up for an attack?
Growing up Greg was never sure what he really truly liked he found himself attracted to men and women. In his teenage years and in his early 20s he mostly had boyfriends his one serious long-lasting relationship was a gentleman by the name of Maurice they were together from the age of 16 to just after Greg’s 19th birthday they did everything together, they were on the footie team they were snuck into punk rock concerts at local clubs and went down to the old wreck by their houses They sprayed the place up with graffiti they made out many times in that old wreck as well. That ended when Maurice went to university in France. He had a few girlfriends and boyfriends on and off after that.
Getting them in was easy. Setting up this little operation was harder. Who would have guessed how hard it was to secure 20 heavy industrial garbage trucks and fill half of them with sand. It was harder than getting the mole detonators into the country, the rest just fell into place with a few well-placed bribes.
John was jarred awake by the banging and the shouting. Something was happening outside. He threw on his boots and followed his other bunk mates including Riley outside.
“I knew I wasn’t going to sleep, I knew that. So I went back to the study. I started looking though more of the files the task force put together. I find one with your name on it. First paper I find is an order to destroy records, you signed 20 years ago. The records in question were a birth certificate and an adoption form.” Greg said trying to hold back his anger.
Irene had really been there for him after Jim’s death, allowing him to spend time in one of the rooms of the hotel, trying to decide what he was going to do. She also had his passport; Jim had sent it to her, along with a note. In the note Jim had told Sebastian that he had a premonition that he was uncertain of how things would turn out. That he blocked Sebastian from traveling as he didn’t want Sebastian getting hurt. Sebastian cried when he read that. Here was Jim scared of Sebastian getting hurt when it was Jim himself who wound up dead.
“You don’t get to talk about Riley!” John said anger rising in his voice “You have no right, especially after what you did to him, to me”
“So once I get you stitched up and bandaged you are going to stay here for a bit, keep you on an IV to make sure it doesn’t get infected then, light duties till it heals,” John instructed. Sholto nodded “James,” John said his voice changing to one of more concern. “Are you going to be alright.”
No wonder Sherlock had started sneaking meal replacement powders into his coffee in place of milk and sprinkling it on his food.
“I don’t like how it came about but I am now and for eternity grateful to have you back in my life.” He smiled.
“It's been four months since the explosion on Baker Street I tell Sherlock I'm fine but I'm not. I’m barely sleeping I hardly eat it's not the same I'm so utterly and deeply in love with him but she was my wife even with everything she did to us and others I still loved her in way and a part of me still does. I look at Rosie my beautiful daughter and I can't help think when she's older she'll hate me not for being with Sherlock because I didn't save her mother. They tell me it's not my fault they tell me it was Mary's choice. But why? Was it her choice because she knew she was dead there was nothing that could be done? Did she choose to be dead because she felt sorrow and regret for what she did in the past, before she met me or did she choose to die so I could be with Sherlock? Did she think I didn’t love her? None of these options are better than any other they all frankly are fucked up. She shouldn't have had to die at all no one ever really deserves to die well except Moriarty and Moran. Mary wasn't evil she's just a woman with a job she was an assassin and government operative. I was a soldier I, I killed people not like her but I did shoot and I did kill people. I'm also a doctor I should be saving lives, not taking them. I joined the military because I craved action I craved danger. I've been through all this before you know psychiatrists specialist figuring out my mind. But you know that already. I was suicidal when I met Sherlock I planned on killing myself but there's something about him that changed me he save me I didn't realize it right then I was falling in love with him we said I love you we said we'll live together we are living together, we share a bed every night but I still feel so guilty I see her face every time I try to sleep I replay that day in my head it comes as nightmares. I’ve gone back to work but my patient list is low, who wants to see an ill insane doctor? I feel like I'm on that edge again and I'm so scared that Sherlock is not going to be able to save me this time”
“Oh you are good.” Mike said into the phone. “You went way beyond brother. Well this little one is no longer needed.”
Irene looked at them but did not move, it was then they noticed that she was tied to the bed. The three were lined up against the wall and then the inmates left.
"how long will you be deployed?" Willa asked as they started taxiing, Sherlock just dozed in his seat.
Rosie calmly slept in her carrier. The venue had been wonderful and had set aside a play room for guests with kids and a little nap area for the really small ones. They even provided a certified nanny.
“The answer you seek is in my song Sherlock. You should have been able to figure it out. But I am shocked, you are not as clever as you think, and neither is Mycroft. No longer be able to call yourself the smarter one.” Eurus said. “Shall we move onto the next activity?”
Mycroft didn’t even bother to notice it had been installed. It was nice little view for her of everything that was going on in the fortress known as Sherrinford. Mycroft boarded the helicopter and headed back to London. Eurus wondered what story Mycroft would give Greg about this one. Mycroft had grown up keeping secrets from everyone that it got to a point that he couldn’t tell truths to others. He didn’t know how. Grow up a liar remain a liar. Once you started hiding the demons the more dangerous they become.
“Denny, Fredrick my dears. Please escort John and Greg to the infirmary. Marco see if Anthea is awake yet. She can be his nurse. I finally found a use for her.” Eurus said as Denny slung Greg over his shoulder. Fredrick shoved John forward out the door leaving Willa alone. Eurus smiled. She flicked off the microphone and put her back to the monitor.
"I'm fine it's Willa, she was initially hit in the leg and the last shot hit her neck," Marisol replied.
Was it the most medically sound and scientific way? No, but it was something they had each done for each other over the years. Slender frames and the poor nutrition made them slender and each had had joint issues for a long time. Ribs being the most common to pop as the rib cage was the most abused part of their body from corsets to bondage to just generally tight fitting clothes.
Molly stood in front of the body on the table. This poor soul had met his end in an unknown way. Save for a few scrapes and bruises the man had no outward signs of cause of death.
“Redbeard did not bump Willa down the stairs. She was pushed.” Mycroft spoke calmly. “I was the eldest as you know. Sherlock was seven years behind me, and Willa two years behind Sherlock, Willa was an unexpected joy for mummy and daddy. They thought they were done after three kids.”
“These are Marco, Fredrick, and Denny. They are some wonderful gentlemen I met while exploring the facility.” Eurus said “They will be helping us with the next portion of our little experiment.”
“I will have them draw up some plans and get started.” Mycroft said as they headed back to the car. Greg was inside leaning on the door sleeping.
The Photographers took many shots with all of them, John’s favorite though had to be the one of Sherlock and Rosie by the hanging flower basket. The assistant photographer snapped that one. John was watching Sherlock and Rosie as he posed for a picture with Molly. Rosie leaned over to sniff the beautiful flowers and the assistant turned at the same time and quickly got the shot. John could see it in on the screen on the camera. He knew exactly where that would go on the mantle at home.
"WILLA!" Marisol shouted as she quickly moved her hands to place them on the bleeding wound. The ricochet caused the bullet to hit the young lady in the neck by where it met her shoulder. "Help us, someone, Please; she's going to bleed to death!!" Marisol called.
Greg quickly grabbed him under his arms, Mycroft gripped Greg’s arms tight and pulled himself in closer.
John looked to see Sherlock’s phone sitting screen up, cracked but still on, Irene looking up at him.
John pulled off his boots and laid back. He had already showered, but the heat was immense even in the early hours of the day. The barracks weren’t bad there was a cooling system, but still, the sun could really pound through the windows. John should have really pulled the flap shut before he laid down, oh well, too comfy to move. Riley would do it when he returned.
“You are going to the hospital Mrs. Lestrade. You are luck, gut shots do some damage but they bleed out slow when the person doesn’t move. So we are going to keep you alive by having you lay still ok” Paul said guiding Greg down to a laying position.
“She has a child?” Sherlock asked. She had a child yet still risked her life. Her priorities were also changing, growing, like his own emotional journey.
“I’ve dispatched teams but reports are coming back that the streets around the explosions are barricaded” Anthea reported as two more agents entered
“Well that is why Dimmock called.” Sherlock smiled. “Two bodies found bludgeoned to death in what could be a black light macabre art piece. You saw the photos, blood arranged just so, the splatters evenly distributed. This one however is unlike yours and Greg little Croydon case as it is blood. The RSID Test confirmed human blood and so it’s off to lab to take a closer look. I will text Molly to get Brodie to see if there are traces of luminol in it.”
The main door to 221B was gone, probably what took out part of the wall on the landing. The front of the building was completely gone. As John entered he noticed the floor from just in front of his chair was gone, collapsed on the floor below. The walls on either side almost nonexistent. He carefully turned and saw Sherlock and Mary on the ground at the entry way to the kitchen, Sherlock covering Mary. John stood starring scared to move forward, with all the debris they may not have… No he wasn’t going to think like that.
Sherlock stood from his own chair and moved the tea service to his chair and sat on the ottoman holding John’s hand.
“Victor Trevor? Your former dealer? I thought he was in jail.” John asked as he sat on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and held him close.
The guards she had brought with her were now waiting silently in the wings; they had done their parts well.
“Oh Sherlock you are too smart for your own good sometimes. And this time you and your brother are too smart for someone else’s good. The longest word is Smiles as there is a mile between the first and last letter.” Victor chucked as a shot rang out.
Greg teared up; he wanted to kiss Mycroft so badly. One would think how unlike the Mycroft to toss in a fantasy movie reference and make it his own. Then again Greg knew the real Mycroft the one that used to hide behind closed doors. He knew just how much of a geek he really was.
