“That’s…” Cas tries but he’s lost for words. Because there aren’t words that could even come close to describing just how horrific that must be for Dean.
“I would never kick you out again. I need you to know that. I don’t care what you do, I don’t care what happens… I’m never kicking you out again. I just-” his voice shakes, “I can’t…”
He lifts his head up and his eyes land on his phone, which is resting on the leather bench, face up. It’s lit up with yet
“I…” he starts, eyes darting around the room, “Dean, doesn’t want our relationship to be public so I doubt I can discuss it with you,” he admits, partially aware that he’s already revealing too much.
“Cas,” he moans. He feels the angel smile against his neck before he sucks the skin in, surely leaving a mark. “Cas, please,” he whimpers with so much need.
He lets out a satisfied hum, his eyes falling shut for a moment. “God, I wish you could taste these,” he says. “They’re amazing.”
and he finds himself being just exhausted enough that he decides to ‘fuck it’ and puts it on, despite the publicness of the room. He expected the part of his brain that usually mocks him and makes nasty comments about his secret preferences to have something to say but it seems to be just as exhausted as the rest of him.
Cas’ eyes are heavy-lidded, his pupils blown wide, making his eyes look almost completely black. His skin is flushed, his lips parted and Dean leans in to kiss them again when the angel stops him. Dean’s eyebrows knit together and he examines the man’s face, looking for any clues as to what might be wrong.
The angel nods and walks over, putting two fingers on his forehead, and soon Dean feels his mind clearing.
Cas is sitting on his bed. He’s dressed again and his shirt is repaired - like it hasn’t been torn off of his body in the first place.
His lips crash into Dean’s and his arms wrap themselves even tighter around his body in a desperate attempt to pull him closer. The hunter chuckles triumphantly, seemingly satisfied with the reaction his actions have received. Cas’ tongue swipes at Dean’s bottom lip and the hunter’s mouth opens almost immediately with a low moan - inviting him in.
“Dean?” Someone’s shaking him awake. Dean’s lying on his stomach, his face buried in a pillow, one arm hanging off the bed. He’s still dressed in his jeans, shirt and got his boots on.
He feels ridiculous because even after ten months he still can’t even think that word. He knows Cas is… gone… but the hole in his chest is just as bad as it was when he actually got taken.
Tears are running down his cheeks and he’s gasping for air, the oxygen around him seeming to thin out.
Dean chuckles quietly. “I was more thinking reheating leftovers but that works too, I guess,” he says and Cas watches him shove an impressive amount of pancakes into his mouth. He makes a satisfied sound and starts chewing.
He even took pictures of those foolish outfits, much to Cas’ exaggerated annoyance, Dean’s eyes filled with tears from laughing so hard. Cas was putting up a front when he told Dean he was annoyed with him, he was actually very happy to see the hunter having such a good time.
“Okay, boy!” Dean addresses the dog, a grin evident in his voice as he walks over. “Breakfast time!”
“Dean,” comes Cas’ voice again. He looks over to see the angel standing by the now-closed door to their room, his eyes worried.
Dean first sent out an apology the moment he was in the privacy of his bedroom. He didn’t expect an answer, didn’t expect the angel to show, but the silence still stung and in just a couple of hours he found himself apologizing again.
“I still can’t believe you think that Audrey was afraid of you.” Cas shakes his head in disbelief as Dean pulls into the parking lot in front of the motel.
“Didn’t Mrs. Butters fix the television, though?” Cas asks with a knowing smile. “Wouldn’t that mean she participated in the creation of the Dean Cave and should, therefore, by your logic, have her name involved in the title?” The angel’s smile turns into a smug smirk and Dean kind of loves it but also kind of wants to wipe it off.
“We should find where that cabin is,” Cas says softly and pulls back. There’s a small smile on his lips and a gentle, loving look in his eyes and Dean suddenly realizes that he has managed to control his emotions enough to not take it out on Cas.
He had been in the area once, coming back from a run for parts for Baby, he thinks, when Sam called him and asked him to pick up a bottle of shampoo for him. Dean agreed, albeit with a lot of bitching and teasing, but still agreed.
“I felt the same but I just couldn’t bring myself to say it. Because I was realizing that-” his breath hitches, “that hey…  this… this  is it.” He clenches his jaw and his eyes fall shut. He takes a shaky breath in, trying his best to keep the tears that are pricking his eyes at bay. His chest is constricting painfully, and when he speaks again, his voice is quiet.
If his best friend sees him as a monster, do other people see that too? Are other people afraid of him? Afraid to talk to him? Afraid to open up? Do they fear his reaction? The possibility of angering him?
The sudden pull back into reality feels like a slap across the face and he blinks a couple of times, remembering where they are. He quickly composes himself and nods, “Yahtzee.”
It actually is making his thoughts spiral out of control more - into deeper self-hatred - but Dean doesn’t dare voice it. So he cooperates with Sam the best he can, not wanting to force his brother to hang around him any longer than he has to.
get together and what do you do at the first sight of an argument?! You go and get yourself drunk and try to pick up some random chick!” His voice is falling in volume but only seems to be rising in anger.
Dean sinks on the bed and crawls up so he can hover over him. He feels his smirk spread into something darker before he leans down and kisses the angel deeply, drawing a quiet moan from him. He straddles the angel’s hips, the feeling of Cas’ hard cock pressing against his ass sending a pleasant shiver through his body.
“How are you, Dean?” comes Cas’ question after however long they have been staring at each other. And that… that slaps him out of his trance. Because he’s hurt Cas and he… he’s here asking how Dean
Audrey was shy and hunched in on herself and most definitely terrified of Dean. Which, honestly, took him by surprise. He wasn’t trying to be intimidating, he was actually trying to seem open and approachable, and yet the kid could barely look at him. He noticed that she was watching him whenever he wasn’t looking at her and sometimes when he looked back at her, their eyes would meet for a brief second before she hunched in on herself a little more and her gaze snapped back to Cas like the split-second eye contact had physically harmed her.
He should’ve thought this over, should have planned what he was going to say before he called his brother.
Sam pauses, remembering something. “You’ve wanted to know about the panic attacks,” he states and Cas nods again. “I found that the breathing technique works the best with him - the one I guided you through on the phone,” he says, gesturing vaguely with his beer. “But if that doesn’t work or it’s working really slowly, you’ll need to help him ground himself.” Sam runs a hand through his hair. “There are many versions of this but the simplest one is asking him to list what he sees around himself.” He looks back at Cas. “You can involve other senses; like what he smells or hears, if you find it’s a really bad attack but the sight one has always worked for me.”
“Who gives a fuck about the argument?!” Sam raises his voice, his words completely surprising Dean. That’s not at all what he expected his brother to say. He feels dread grip tight onto his insides, realizing he’s about to find out something he has done. Something he doesn’t remember. “You flirted with a girl in front of him!” He all but yells and no matter how much Dean tried to steel himself for the big bomb, nothing in the world could have prepared him for that.
him. “You should-” He shakes his head, his throat closing up and preventing him from finishing his thought.
Cas’ words leave very little space for argument, but Dean still opens his mouth, because when has he ever gone down without a fight, but then Cas levels him with such an annoyed glare he ends up biting down on his tongue, because, despite popular belief, he’s not idiotic enough to anger the angel further.
Dean’s eyes ask him to continue so he does. “We…” he pauses, trying to figure out how to explain it in a way that would make sense, “we don’t experience physical sensations the same way, for example. We’re soldiers, we were built to withstand pain - both physical
The angel steps closer, his arms extending to pull him into a hug but when Dean doesn’t nod he drops them back to his sides. “Okay,” Cas says with a nod, his voice soft.
Dean’s eyes dart around the room and he feels his worry double at the lack of angel in the kitchen. Because if everything
He feels a boulder settle in his stomach and when he swallows he finds a knot forming in his throat. His mind returns to that moment he ran into the kitchen and immediately tries to figure out what Sam felt. It tries to play out every possible scenario as fast as it can but they all center around how Sam despises him now. How he’s going to move out just so he doesn’t have to be associated with him.
“Help me up?” Dean says instead. He’s not entirely confident that his stomach will be okay but he desperately wants to get back to his room and just pass out. Screw Sam’s biology lesson bullshit, there’s
“So,” Dean starts, advancing towards him, much unlike a predator would towards a prey, “how do you feel about a repeat of last night?” he asks, nothing but hunger present on his features.
The flight probably lasts only a couple of seconds but the sheer overwhelmingness of it stretches the time out into years. It’s not the worst feeling Dean has ever felt, not by a long shot, but it’s definitely uncomfortable enough to leave him unable to poop for a week.
All of that just so his brother wouldn’t spend all his time worrying about him and could instead get his life back on track. Which… Dean doesn’t actually even know what that is. He knows Sam and Eileen are planning to move in together, and that they’ve been putting it off to babysit him. He also
An anxious feeling settles in Dean’s stomach. Maybe he really did choose the wrong show. “Do you want me to change it?” he asks.
When he finishes, he pays and contemplates going back to the motel. But seeing as he now has coffee pumping through his veins, any sliver of a chance he had at sleeping is now most likely out of the picture. So, with nothing else to do, he heads to a bar.
Dean doesn’t say anything, his hand resuming its movement on Cas’ back. He doesn’t push and they stay silent for a couple of minutes until Cas musters up the courage to speak.
Cas feels his mouth turning dry, his heart beating so fast he can feel it in his throat. He doesn’t dare move, just watches as Dean crawls up so he can hover over him, his eyes looking over his body hungrily.
He searches the entire bunker but it’s like Dean has fallen off the face of the earth. He can’t see him anywhere on the planet due to the warding seared into his ribcage and he’s starting to worry something might have happened to him. When he finally checks the garage he immediately realizes why he couldn’t find Dean anywhere.
The simplest lighting that gets him to see Cas’ age, but not in a way that would make him look old - never in a way that would make him look old. Instead, he sees his age in a way that makes him look so impossibly strong and wise and ever-present.
He’s using his phone’s flashlight to see, and he angles it up so he can see more of the road before him. It’s not that exciting - literally just dirt and fields as far as the weak flashlight allows him to see.
“I’m sorry. I should’ve, but…” His voice trails off, and he buries his face deeper into Cas’ neck - a pathetic attempt to hide from the world and his mistakes.
I hope I portrayed the struggle to open up when all you’ve done is hide behind walls in an understandable way. It’s always a bit weird trying to make someone understand that kind of stuff. The way your body just freezes up even when you do want to say something because in the past you just couldn’t afford to express emotions, not without getting hurt in the process. When a lot of the times you back out and retreat into safety even when you feel like you’re coming apart at the seams because you’d much rather drink yourself to oblivion than risk getting hurt.
And Cas has to agree. Because by Sam’s expression he’s guessing that what he’s told him has barely scratched the surface. And Cas already feels like crying - guilt overwhelming him for making the love of his life feel so miserable. Moreover, if that was only scratching the surface, he’s not sure if he wants to know more.
“Promise to let me know if I do or start doing anything you’re uncomfortable with? No matter how small or silly?”
“Dean, I can’t trust myself to not hurt you again,” he says softly, trying to explain. “Not when we’re both as aroused as we are.”
“Dean,” he says, voice tipping into a growl. “Why can’t you accept that I worry about you?” he asks in frustration.
Dean startles awake, his heart hammering in his chest, the images of his nightmare already rapidly fleeting from his mind. He groans and rolls over, looking at the alarm clock on his bedside table. He’s full-on expecting it to show early morning hours but instead, it shows:
Dean must have kicked back maybe five of those scotches before he found his thoughts finally wandering away from the panic attack. And by the time the waitress brought him his order he was actually hungry again.
“It’s just something he’s been bringing up for a while,” he says. “It’s backed up by science, Dean,” he says in a mocking voice and that just seems to confuse Cas more. “Forget it.” He shakes his head, “Ask Sam if you want; he’ll get unnecessarily excited about it.”
He pats down his sweatpants to text the idea to Sam before he forgets, but doesn’t find his phone. Actually, now that he thinks about it, he has absolutely no idea where he left it.
Cas seems to give up on his pretense and his face scrunches up in disgust. “It’s very overwhelming,” he states.
“Dean, let me finish. I don’t hate you, I could never hate you,” the angel says, seemingly having read his mind. His eyes are soft and a small reassuring smile is playing on his lips. “I know you probably can’t see it but you
“This is gonna take some getting used to,” Dean smirks but it only serves to confuse Cas more. “That you can fly again.” Dean leans in closer, brushing his lips against Cas’, one hand caressing his cheek. “If I’m being honest, I was kind of expecting you to pick me up and carry me here but I guess flying works too," he murmurs, his lips brushing over Cas’ as he speaks, each movement stealing more and more air from the angel’s lungs.
they bring tears to his eyes. He wipes them away with one hand only for his vision to blur again almost immediately, and at that moment he knows he’s lost too much control for him to keep driving safely.
join you if you’re feeling up to it.” His words come out as barely a whisper and send a very pleasant shiver down Dean’s spine, continuing farther south.
“I’m fine,” he cuts him off a little more harshly than he intended to. “I just… it took me by surprise how easily she figured us out,” he adds, his voice softening.
“You’re watching The Good Place?” Sam asks when he steps into his room, his eyes immediately finding the television.
Cas puts his phone down on the kitchen table, his eyes finding Dean again. He’s standing by one of the free-standing shelves - one of the only places in the kitchen that has power outlets by it. His back is turned to Cas and he’s pressing some buttons on the small machine.
He tries out a variety of different speeds and techniques, using years and years of practice to be able to tell when he’s stumbled upon something that Cas is enjoying the most. As for the angel… he is a writhing mess underneath him. His breathing is ragged, the moans that fall from his lips are broken, and his hands aren’t even pretending to have some sort of coordination as they grab onto Dean.
He’s feeling like he’s jumped off a tall mountain and is in free fall, but there's no fear in him because he knows his wings will catch him. Like his stomach was left behind at the peak and he’s just giddy with excitement.
“I’m not going to disappear if you touch me, you know?” Dean’s blurting out another joke and he immediately starts cursing himself again. He's going to have to install a physical filter between his brain and his mouth because this is just making things worse.
The angel immediately stops and withdraws and Dean is silently cursing himself and the voice for ruining it. He props himself up on his elbow and looks at Cas who’s sat up and is watching him with worried eyes.
Cas loves the little sounds he makes when he kisses him and his mind returns to the shower yesterday. The moans Dean was letting out as Cas planted kisses down his neck. The way he gasped his name when he ran his fingers down his body… but then his mind continues down the timeline to how Dean tensed up when Cas’ fingers ran down the length of his pe- no, Dean didn’t like that word… his… his dick…
Sam looks like he has more to say but his phone starts ringing, cutting him off. He fishes the small device out of his pocket and frowns at it. He gets up and Cas watches him walk out of the room.
He smiles into Cas’ hair, feeling sleepy but not exhausted, and he knows he’s actually slept well - which he’s shocked to realize is a strange feeling.
, “my boyfriend.” he feels Cas stiff at the word and Dean swallows hard and forces himself to continue, “and what I did was already bad enough for you to want to break us off… and I… I wouldn’t blame you if you did.”
Dean,” he says, his voice laced with forced calmness. He takes a deep breath and turns to look at him again. “You really hurt his feelings,” he says and even though he’s forcing his voice to remain calm, his eyes are blazing with anger.
He’s fighting a battle in his mind on whether or not he should give in, and he hates to admit that the side arguing for him to fight is doing extremely poorly. He tries to persuade his limbs to push Dean back but a part of him has already lost to the feeling of the hunter’s body so close to his and trying to make it understand why it needs to focus is like attempting to persuade a cat it wants to go swimming - futile. Yet, he fights, not wanting to cause the hunter any more pain - physical or mental - but then Dean shifts his position a little, and his ass brushes against Cas’ boner and it sparks such a strong wave of arousal in the angel, he finds his body moving before he can stop it.
He manages to quickly pull himself back together. He reaches into his suit jacket’s inner pocket and pulls out his badge, showing it off to the lady. “Yeah, agent Ulrich, FBI,” he says. “This is my partner, agent Moscone,” he glances over to see Cas already showing the lady his badge - right way up! - and he feels a swell of pride bloom in his chest at how far the angel’s come.
They’re in an open space and Sam could come back at any moment. The thought alone has him pulling back, his arms dropping down to his sides.
And Dean’s moving before Cas can take a step towards him, before he even comprehends it himself. In two long strides, he’s in front of Cas and pulling him into a hug. It takes the seraph a brief moment to respond but then he tentatively wraps his arms around Dean’s shivering body.
“Hey, Cas,” he says softly, but the shortened version of the angel’s name feels wrong on his tongue - unfit for the terrifying creature before him.
Dean can think of about a million things that can go wrong in just a couple of hours, but the biggest reason is the nightmares.
He doesn’t know how long they have stayed like that. In that comfortable silence, with the only indication that Cas is still there being his hand on Dean’s cheek. Dean’s dreading opening his eyes because he knows that the moment he does he’ll be swallowed into the infinite depths of Cas’ ocean ones. He’ll be pulled in mercilessly by the gravity of Cas’ stare and he won’t be able to look away. It’ll ignite the desire in his chest and he’d have to physically get up to escape it.
Cas looks away, a sigh escaping his lips. “Running away when I ask you if you’re okay. Ignoring the question and hoping I’ll forget…” His eyes examine the space around them before finally settling back on Dean’s face. “I know you’re not used to opening up and I could get behind it before, but I need you to now be honest
His mind would insist on reminding him that Cas was gone every single night. At first, it was just the memory of that night he got taken, but it slowly turned into Cas coming back from the dead: his face and body dripping with black goo as he blamed Dean for letting him die.
I should not be allowed to guess when I’m gonna post shit, should I? I kinda hit like a writer’s block at one point and this chapter is only this long because I already had about half of it written by the time I posted the last one. Or, I'm saying 'writer's block' but I'm not getting anything of anything done, lol
His head is pounding from exhaustion and his eyes sting as hell and he wants nothing more than to please just get at least four hours of sleep so he can semi function. But his brain won’t shut up and the guilt haunts him and he feels like the absolute worst of the worst scum on Earth.
“Do you want me to?” he asks, genuinely surprised. He didn’t think Cas would appreciate the darkness after spending ten months in it.
“Cas, first of all, you’re family,” he says looking up, “Sam has seen you as a brother for a couple of years now, so it’s a fifty-fifty chance of him texting you,” he says, his words surprising Cas. The angel has seen the Winchesters as family for quite some time now but he has always had trouble believing they would ever view him as a part of theirs.
“Cas, come on, I’m sure you can tell. He’s like Bambi; spooked by the slightest sound and running around in pure panic.” He shakes his head with a smile.
“Dean?” Cas asks again, his voice laced with worry and Dean’s shooting up into a sitting position and turning to face the angel before he can even comprehend it. Hurt flashes on the seraph’s face but it’s quickly hidden behind a mask of neutrality. He props himself up on his elbow so he can better face Dean.
Dean tries to reach for the ‘speech’ he’s prepared but finds the words evading him. So he stares at his friend, panic building up in his chest, as he tries to figure out what to say.
Most of the time he hides any preferences from people that could be described as anything other than manly - afraid of their judgment and possible harsh words - but this is Cas. Cas, who would probably just get confused if he tried to explain why he only allows himself to enjoy ‘girly’ stuff in private. Cas who would ask why that kind of stuff even needed to be gendered.
“Hell yeah, take control like that.” Dean looks at him with heated eyes, a sexy smirk tugging at his lips. “It’s so hot,” he breathes out. Then his mind must have caught up to his words because he blushes violently and looks away, suddenly unable to look at the angel.
A moment later the angel drops his hand again. “You had a mark on your neck,” Cas says, his voice a little hesitant, as he gestures to his own. “From… before,” he adds quietly.
“You come up with a better name then,” he challenges, making Cas roll his eyes. “I set up the cave so we’re calling it the Dean Cave.”
A little bit of some pure domestic energy - I say the boys deserve it. I hope you guys find Cas’ point of view okay as I find that guy a little more difficult to write. I relate to Dean on a spiritual level, so writing him comes very easy to me, but I hope everything made sense.
His eyes land on a note on the island. It’s his brother’s handwriting and it says they went to get groceries.
to come see them and help them bring Cas back, but in the end, he was still surprised when he actually showed up. He appeared, his hand raised awkwardly, and greeted them with a simple, ‘hello’.
doesn’t get a say on the topic when he’s got a beautiful, badass girlfriend who loves him and with whom he’s planning on moving in. When
They end up finding the kitchen empty. Cas watches as Miracle sprints over to his empty food bowl and sits down by it, looking up at him and Dean with pleading eyes, his tail wagging on the floor.
for working and fighting, we can’t…” he pauses for a moment, “we don’t experience things the same way humans do.”
He wraps an arm around Cas’ middle and already feels himself relaxing. It takes a couple of minutes for the angel’s heart to slow down - the rhythmic beat lulling Dean to sleep.
“He’s hungover,” Sam explains, his voice surprisingly gentle. Dean has an urge to add that he’s also still drunk but manages to stop himself.
He’s looking into Cas’ puzzled eyes, the blue of them like nothing he has ever seen. They’re vast, like the ocean, and he feels like he might actually get lost in them.
The angel’s eyes shoot up when the door opens and they try to catch Dean’s own. His lips part like he’s about to say something but Dean beats him to it.
Cas kisses him deeply and eagerly. “We’d be here for literal hours if you truly want me to answer that.” He kisses Dean again. It’s slow and passionate and Cas pours his entire love for the man into it.
Cas watches him - vision blurred with unshed tears - as he reaches over for the bottle of scotch. The hunter tops off his drink before handing the bottle over to Cas, who only stares at it, unsure of what to do. “Take it. You’ll need it if you want to discuss this,” Sam says sincerely.
“No,” Cas says to Dean’s surprise, shaking his head. “I’ve always been interested in how humans view the concept of Heaven and Hell, so this might provide some insight.”
The hunter doesn’t answer, instead, he brushes his lips against Cas’ again before finally pressing them together. Cas feels his mind emptying as Dean’s lips finally connect with his and he pushes the human back with a little more force than he intended and Dean’s back hits the wall with a thud.
Dean’s breaths are heavy and he’s letting out these incredibly arousing little sounds as Cas’ mouth explores his chest. He wants to touch him, desperately needs to touch him, but after Dean’s reaction to him touching his groin the other day, he knows that Dean isn’t there yet. So he resorts to kissing, and licking, and nipping, and everything else his mouth allows him to do.
“She doesn’t know you and Cas started dating. Suspects it but doesn’t know for sure,” Sam says and when Dean looks back, he sees him shrug.
Hey, guys, hope everyone’s doing good! I’ll try to post one more chapter before I start school on the 20th but I’m not promising anything.
Which means he needs to contact Cas to get a lift. His hands fidget with his phone as he tries to figure out what to say to the man. Nothing really comes to mind, so he just kind of goes for it.
knowing he’ll just get stuck with Mr. In-Touch-With-His-Feelings’ attempt to therapize him, but he can’t chicken out now. Not when Sam would find a missed call from him and probably think he was dying or something.
“Hmm?” Cas asks, his tongue tracing a pattern on Dean’s neck and Dean has to use all of his mental strength to focus on forming a sentence.
“Yes, I do,” Cas responds, walking out of the kitchen and advancing towards the sound. It leads him into the library and to one of the more comfortable chairs by the books. He scans the shelves and soon finds the small technological box placed on top of some books. The shelf is considerably low when one is standing but would be at eye level when seated. Which means Dean must have placed it there when he sat down in the chair and then forgot about it.
He’s expecting them to come at any second. At any second Dean will start yelling or he’ll tell him how Cas repulses him now and how he can’t trust him anymore but he… Cas has been expecting
Dean resists the urge to pinch his nose and sigh. “I don’t know. Not a lot,” he says honestly because, for his standards, it wasn’t a lot. His head barely hurts, and he actually remembers getting back to the motel.
Dean just outright laughs, seemingly finding his confusion and mild horror amusing. “Yeah, we signed ourselves into a mental hospital for a hunt once. Back in,” he pauses, thinking, “2010, I think.”
Cas shifts so he can sit down on the ground with Dean, his hands tugging at Dean’s arms gently, prompting him to drop them.
Dean sees Madeline nod and she opens the door fully, letting them in. Dean nods his thanks and walks into the small office to see the sheriff standing up to come to greet them. The man’s of a heavier build, balding, and looks to be in his late sixties or early seventies.
He could honestly stay like this forever. Just the two of them, clinging onto each other, unaffected by time. Dean realizes that, for the first time in months, the hole in his chest isn’t all-consuming. The emptiness is slowly subsiding into something manageable, and he actually feels happy.
They walk out of the restaurant in silence and into the cold wind of October weather. He sees Dean shiver next to him and Cas sheds his overcoat without thought and drapes it over Dean’s flannel-clad shoulders. The hunter looks over at him with wide eyes, a faint blush creeping up on his cheeks.
He looks up at Dean to see his eyes squinting with an emotion in them he can’t identify. “It wasn’t because I didn’t want to come see you!” Cas quickly adds, too quickly for it to not look like he’s desperate for Dean to understand. “I was,” he swallows, “I was a coward and was expecting you to reject me and either ask me to leave or- or ‘friend zone’ me and I-” he pauses, drawing in a quiet, shaky breath, “I needed a little time to prepare for that. So I got lost in work instead, not wanting to think about your inevitable rejection. But then Jack said that you kept begging him to come see you and he didn’t want to lie to you, so I agreed to come along.” His voice is as neutral as he can keep it, his head held high, and shoulders squared - even if all of it is only an act. An act Cas firmly believes Dean can easily see through.
Dean’s only gone a couple of minutes and when he opens the door again Cas can see that the determination is still there, maybe even stronger than before. Cas hears the lock click as soon as the door closes and then Dean’s crawling on the bed again, doing his best to look as seductive as possible. And Cas hates to admit that it’s working.
Cas scoffs - an action so unlike him. “Your words make it sound like this situation isn’t my fault. That… that
He’s returning not even ten minutes later. His cheeks are flushed, hands and feet freezing, and he’s shivering. He opens the door to his room to find Cas still sitting on his bed, reading something on his phone. He changed back into his pants and pulled Dean’s shirt back on. His eyebrows are knitted together but when he looks up his expression softens. “How was it?” Cas asks.
“No.” Cas shakes his head. “I just…” He sighs and decides to give in. Sam is one of his best friends, surely he can trust him with this. “I just don’t think it’s good for him,” he admits. “And please don’t tell him I’ve told you this. Don’t even fucking tell him you know.” He points a finger in Sam’s direction before pausing, trying to remember if he told Sam about his relationship with Dean or if the hunter figured it out himself.
“Cas, I’m not a four-year-old.” He rolls his eyes, but his smile takes any possible heat out of his words.
He tightens his arms around the hunter and the human hums happily. Cas plants a kiss into his hair and Dean starts to shift, struggling to turn in his arms - his body still heavy with sleep. When he finally turns, he drapes an arm around Cas’ middle and kisses him gently. “Mornin’,” he murmurs blissfully, voice thick and gravelly.
Cas’ words are soft and gentle, and in no way trying to pick a fight, but they still manage to hit Dean exactly in the center of what he’s been insecure about lately. “Why?” he hisses, feeling himself getting defensive, even though a part of him knows there’s no need for it. “‘Cause I’ve barely hunted the past year and am incapable of taking on a few wolves by myself?”
“Continue and-” his sentence gets lost in a loud groan as Dean runs his tongue over the angel’s Adam’s apple. One of Dean’s thighs is resting between Cas’ and the angel is beginning to rock against it and Dean is fairly sure he isn’t doing it fully consciously.
because your love - and how brightly it burns - being directed at me was one of the best moments in my very long life so I… I don’t care if you hurt me and I don’t care if you pull back every couple of days because I can’t be without you.”
“But you didn’t,” he says softly, knowing precisely what Cas was going to say. His eyes are sincere and soft, and Cas knows Dean can see the hatred he feels for himself for bruising him. “I’m not angry at you and I’m not repulsed by you, so stop thinking that,” he adds, surprising Cas with just how well he can read him.
Dean feels his eyes widening in shock when Cas bullseyes precisely why he’s apprehensive to accepting others’ concern.
“Annoying,” he grumbles, heading to his dresser to fish out a hoodie. “You ever had a cold shower?” He looks over at Cas who shakes his head. “I hate it,” he says, accentuating his words with a shudder. “It feels like your body is shriveling up into an old, disgusting grape.” He pulls the hoodie on. “And then you get out and your hands and feet are fucking freezing-
They stop by the coffee aisle, as they have been running low on coffee, and Cas picks up the packet they have been buying for the past year or two. “No, no.” Dean stops him. “I’m sick and tired of that one. Let’s try something new.”
They mostly watch in silence, with Cas occasionally commenting on something, but mostly, whenever he spoke, he pointed out that Heaven would never make such a mistake as letting an unworthy soul in.
“Need and want are different things, Cas,” he says and tosses him a pair of gray sweatpants and a black shirt. Cas catches it effortlessly, his eyes wide. “On the topic of your angel mojo shit,” Dean continues, turning away and dropping his bathrobe before he can think about it too much. “You got your wings back?!” he asks, pulling on some underwear and a pair of dark sweatpants. It’s only
Cas doesn’t, only shakes his head, and Dean can’t say he’s surprised. “I should get back to Heaven," he says in the end.
“That’s okay,” he says. “Happens to the best of us." He smiles reassuringly. “Just use the eggshell to collect the stray pieces.”
“I need you to touch me,” he pushes out and then Cas’ fingers are moving lower and Dean is gasping his name. The angel’s other hand pulls at his hair just as his fingers run along the length of Dean’s dick, the touch featherlight.
He reassures himself, but it’s so weak he doesn’t believe it even for a second, and it gets crushed by the overwhelming weight that is his emotions instantly.
Dean wakes up in the darkness with his head pounding painfully and his mouth drier than the Sahara Desert. He’s lying in a bed, covered with a duvet, still dressed in jeans and a shirt. He reaches over to turn on the bedside lamp blindly - the room too dark to actually see anything.
Dean brings the whiskey glass in his hand up to his lips again. The liquid burns his tongue a little and warms up his chest but it doesn’t fill the hole. Doesn’t even come close. It just numbs its overwhelming gravitational pull and lets Dean
He feels Cas’ cool fingers slide under his shirt, the sensation setting his skin on fire. The angel’s fingers trace up his back, blunt nails scratching at his skin, bringing the fabric up with them. Dean gasps against the kiss and he pulls back, breaths coming out heavy. “Just take it off,” he growls against Cas’ lips. The angel hums and pulls the fabric up and over his head and tosses it aside, before he crashes their lips together again.
” he stresses. “And with the way our dad was…” His voice trails off as he looks off into the distance, remembering something. “Dad was very homophobic. And I think Dean internalized a lot of it as he tried to shield me from it.” He looks back at Cas. “So you’ve just got to be patient with him because he’s got a lot of stuff he’s got to unlearn.”
Dean isn’t surprised to find that he enjoys the music Cas settles on; he knows classic rock isn’t the only genre he likes. It’s just the only music he
But Dean’s way too horny to give a flying fuck about his boundaries and he finds himself needing Cas just badly enough that he’s able to push himself into rebelling against his father’s voice. He shoves it down and locks it away which he knows won’t actually do jack shit, and he reaches between them and palms Cas’ cock.
He steps closer and peaks over Dean’s shoulder at the text. There’s a picture of the microwave, a brief explanation of what it does, and some symbols he has never seen at the bottom.
“What?” he asks and feels his eyes grow wide as the heavy feeling in his stomach starts tipping into fear. Were his words more hurtful than he remembers? Has he said
With Cas kind of guiding his movements, he finds it easier to uncurl. He stretches his legs out next to Cas and just as expected, the pressure in his chest becomes a little more bearable. He looks up to see a supportive smile on Cas’ lips.
In the end, Cas chose a couple of shirts, two pairs of jeans - a blue and a black - two hoodies, some sweatpants, and a denim jacket. The total came to a shockingly high amount - one that made Cas almost choke on his own saliva - but Dean surprisingly had no issue with paying for it.
Another hour a half passes before Dean starts to slowly shift in his arms and Cas finds a relieved sigh escaping his lips. His mind has begun trying to persuade him Dean wasn’t just exhausted, that instead he had somehow fallen into a coma, despite him not having sensed anything wrong with him.
Dean’s lips keep just barely moving against Cas’ - the touch not an attempt to close the gap or actually start a kiss, but only to brush against the sensitive skin and possibly drive Cas mad. The angel knows Dean is coaxing him to close the gap, and he wants to, he desperately wants to, but the… the case and the
Dean is trying to bite back a smile and he shakes his head. “Nothing,” he says, resting his forehead against Cas’, “just that I would’ve sucked at being one of your soldiers in Heaven." He pauses and Cas opens his eyes to see him blushing a dark color, “I would’ve just been turned on and distracted the entire time.”
Sam’s earlier comment about his liver crosses his mind and Dean’s blurting out a joke before he can stop himself, “Yeah, apparently by my own liver.”
“Cas, buddy, I…” He sighs. “I feel like a complete jackass asking for this, but I walked too far and have been using my phone’s flashlight for a while and the battery won’t last me back to the city and I… I was wondering if you’d be okay with picking me up. I don’t know where I am, I… I’ll send you a pin,” he says and unlocks his phone to do precisely that, ignoring the awkward conversation between the two of them from the past two weeks, “and I’d really appreciate it if you could come to pick me up.”
“Dean, where the hell are you?!” Sam hisses, his voice growing a little quieter as he walks farther down the hall. He’s far enough that Cas can no longer hear Dean from the other end of the line, which he finds frustrating.
better than Dean. “You should find someone who’s not going to snap at you and try to hurt you at every sight of an argument or every time they feel threatened,” he says, his voice weak. His own words are shattering his heart because what if Cas
He takes it wordlessly, his eyes wide. “Put that over medium heat,” Dean instructs, “While that heats, it will give the batter a little time to rest, which will make the pancakes rise better.”
“No, it doesn’t exist,” he says, “It’s not that we can’t feel sad or anxious, we can, it’s just never on the levels where it would be considered an issue. We… we were literally
Picking out clothes for him has proven more challenging than either of them have expected. Cas doesn’t exactly have a style - which is not at all surprising, seeing as he has worn the same outfit for over a decade - and more importantly, neither of them had any idea what his sizes were.
It’s all pointless because he’s gone. And Dean should try moving on; he knows he should try moving on — he’s just wasting what Cas sacrificed himself for. But whenever he tries to do something that isn’t running away from the pain it overwhelms him like a tidal wave. It crashes down on top of him and drags him under — deep into the darkness. And he would try to swim up but some current would always catch him and drag him lower, impossibly lower, until there was no more air left in his chest and the pressure threatened to crush him.
They’re balancing on a thin line between kissing and not, and the feelings it springs up in Cas’ chest are borderline unbearable. Their lips are so close they’re touching but it’s still not close enough to be kissing and that tiny bit of space is igniting desire in his chest like he’s never known before. It’s setting him on fire - his heart pumping the flames through his veins with ease. He needs to close the gap because they’re so close they’re practically breathing the other person’s air and yet they’re too far apart.
“NO! Jesus fucking Christ, no! It’s enough that I can hear them, I don’t wanna…” He trails off, his expression turning into one of appalment.
It doesn’t buy him nearly enough time and he’s returning too soon. Maybe he should’ve taken a shower instead.
“Dean?” Cas’ voice reaches his ears again. It’s closer, the worry that must have been coloring features bleeding into his voice.
“You guys talk about me?” he hisses, looking up at Cas and seeing his eyes widen in shock at the hostility in his tone.
Then, to Cas’ surprise, Dean rolls off of him, tugging him along and before he knows it he’s lying on top of him, a surprised sound escaping his lips. Dean lets out a small grunt at the sudden weight, shifting a little beneath the angel. His hand moves to Cas’ hair and before Cas has the time to comprehend what just happened, he’s pulling their lips together again.
His voice is gentle and worried and trying to make Dean understand that he cares but doesn’t need Dean to understand why. That he just needs Dean to trust him that he won’t abandon him. That he’ll always stay with him and will be there for him no matter what.
Dean lets go reluctantly, knowing Cas is too set on comforting him to pull back first, and takes a step back, giving the angel some space. “I guess that’s all I can say in terms of apologizing,” he scratches the back of his neck awkwardly. “I’m willing to actually work for our relationship, whether that be as friends or colleagues, but in the end, it’s up to you to decide if you still want it,” he says sincerely.
Cas joins him and they head for the exit. “I’m just going to stick with my belief that it’s all some sort of magic.” He shakes his head. “That’s easier to comprehend in my opinion.”
A heavy silence settles between them, only broken after a couple of moments by Dean’s humorless chuckle. “Well, that effectively killed the mood,” he sighs, rolling over on his back.
One of the angel’s hands is sliding down his back, blunt nails lightly scratching at the skin. His fingers trace a line over Dean’s hip bone and settle just a couple of inches above his cock. It sends electricity through Dean’s body and he lets out a moan against Cas’ mouth. Cas’ lips leave his own and slowly start to make their way down his jaw, eliciting needy sighs from Dean. Cas places a kiss just below Dean’s ear, his tongue flicking out against the sensitive skin. Dean tips his head to the side on pure instinct, wanting to give the angel more access, and he feels his knees about to give out but Cas is there to catch him. One of his hands rests on the small of Dean’s back and presses his body close to his own.
Dean smiles but it’s a little sad. “I know.” He nods. “Now, come on; I’m starving.” And just like that, the walls are back in place - the conversation over.
Dean’s eyes are dark and hungry - obviously craving more. His skin is flushed, his lips red and swollen, and his hair is sticking out in every direction. “Cas, I need you to touch me,” he manages to say amongst all the heavy breaths that are escaping his lips.
He looks up at Cas with wary eyes to see a gentle look on his face. “Of course,” he says with a small smile, moving over to sit on the small sofa.
“Like when you got back from Purgatory,” Sam says, grinning to himself, “you went into the bathroom to get yourself cleaned up,” he chuckles, “and you come out and I look over at Dean and he’s staring at you like his brain is fucking malfunctioning,” he laughs, taking another drink from his beer.
That led them to spending a couple hours wandering around different stores with Cas just trying out various pieces of clothing. There were a couple, rather ridiculous, pieces that Dean insisted he
Dean’s not really thinking when he moves one of his hands to the angel’s neck. His thumb runs over the seraph’s jaw, the stubble scratching at his finger; the feeling strangely pleasant.
, but he can’t bring himself to say that. “Because, when you were confessing how you felt, it was like pieces of a puzzle were clicking into place in my mind. You were talking and it was like I have been blind for all these years and I felt like a fucking idiot because of course, I felt the same.” He feels a heavy boulder set in his stomach as he’s reminded of that day.
a turn-on… except that it precisely fucking was. He does as the angel’s asked of him without a beat of hesitation and slides the shirt, along with all of Cas’ extra layers, down his shoulders.
He stands up on shaking legs and closes the door behind him. The knot in his throat seems to tighten up as he realizes just how many people are around.
He’s letting go of Dean and bolting out of the bar, but it’s somehow in slow motion. He feels the rest of the anger dissolving and instead be replaced by… by… he doesn’t know what. But it hurts. It hurts so fucking much and he feels the tears threaten to fall, his heart beating so fast he can feel it in his throat and hear it in his ears.
He tried again the next day. Then the next. And then the next. He even tried sending Cas texts in case he, for some reason, couldn’t hear his prayers.
He tries not to think about just how little Dean had to have been sleeping for him to stir at an absolute minimum for forty-one hours, but in the end, he knows it’s because of him. He wonders if the only times Dean has slept well in the past nearly eleven months was in his arms.
His tongue flicks out against Cas’ lips, licking at them until the angel finally gives in with a deep, long moan. And once Cas stops trying to pull the stops it’s like something dark and feral ignites in him. His hands come up to Dean’s hair and then tighten, almost painfully, trying to pull him even closer. His tongue presses against Dean’s, eager to explore his mouth, and Dean moans loudly.
Dean doesn’t respond. His hands, which were opening the coffee jar, still and for a moment it’s like he’s turned into a statue. “Fuck,” he whispers to himself. “I’m so sorry, Cas.” He looks up, a pained expression on his face.
Sam pauses, looking off into the distance again. “It would not be uncommon for me or Eileen to find him sleeping in the library with a pot of spiked coffee and some lore book he has already gone over like three times.” Sam’s eyebrows drop into a pained expression and he shakes his head.
Dean wants to hiss something back, say something hurtful to steer the topic away from his alcohol abuse but he ends up sighing in defeat. “Could you sober me up?” he decides to ask and watches as Cas’ eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “It erases any filter I have and leaves me more prone to snapping, and yelling at you is literally the last thing I want to do,” he admits honestly, the alcohol allowing him to speak more freely.
Again, chapter gets pretty dark so read of your own volition. Dean has gone through a lot of shit in his life and with his not exactly healthy coping mechanism of burying everything, it's bound to come up at some point.
“Cas,” Sam says sternly and the angel’s eyes snap over to him. “Dean’s got a lot of issues,” he sighs. “I’ve known he’s bisexual for so long now but it’s still fairly new to
allowed to worry about you when you have decided that you want to walk into what has a high chance of being a trap on your own!” He shakes his head, seething. “So, I don’t care what you say, we are
Dean tries to avoid the same spot Cas stepped on but the floorboards still creak, and if any one of the wolves have been residing in here and they by some miracle haven’t smelled them from a mile away, they now know for sure that they have intruders in the building.
Now it’s two weeks later and he still hasn’t heard from Cas and Dean is so chewed out by his own guilt and resentment that he finds it nearly impossible to sleep. It’s three in the morning and he hasn’t gotten a wink of shut-eye since he first lay down at eleven.
Just as he expected, he feels himself being pulled into Cas’ eyes - the gravitational pull of them relentless.
He takes a shaky breath and nods against the angel’s shoulder. “I just can’t believe you’re real,” Dean whispers.
Dean’s features suddenly grow sad again and a small smile spreads on his lips. “I’m sure Charlie would have been happy to explain it to you.”
A blush creeps up on Cas’ cheeks - a completely different look from the predatory one he was wearing just minutes ago - and Dean can tell that that was not his intention. “It doesn't have to be,” he says quietly, looking down. Dean sits up just so he can lean over and press a kiss to the angel’s lips. One of Cas’ hands comes up to cup his cheek and Dean smiles against the kiss.
He swallows hard, forcing his voice to cooperate. “You shouldn’t,” a shaky sigh escapes his lips, “you shouldn’t get hung up on me,” he says, eyes trained on his hands in his lap. It pains him to say this but maybe Cas
Cas walks farther into the bar on rigid legs, doing his best to ignore every inch of him that is screaming to turn around and run. To turn around and run before he finds out if he has fucked them so badly that Dean has decided to move him back into the ‘friend zone’. Turn and run before he finds out if Dean was flirting back.
“I… I know,” he whispers. “Logically I know - hell I’ve never had a problem with LGBT people - I just… it’s hard arguing with emotions.”
He’s keeping his breaths long and deep, counting to four on each inhale, holding his breath for a four-count, exhaling on a four-count, holding his breath for a four-count, and then repeat. It’s a grounding technique Sammy taught him once, one that’s supposed to help him center himself when panic is threatening to take over his mind.
“Okay, first of all,” he says, turning to face Cas. There’s an excited spark in his eyes and an easy smile on his lips. “Rule one of all cooking.
Cas feels himself freezing in shock, not having expected Dean to say that in the slightest. But before he has time to unpack his words in any sort of way Dean continues. “Makes me feel like you branded me as yours,” he murmurs and leans in so close that their lips are almost brushing. One of his hands has moved to rest on Cas’ side while the fingers of his other one have curled around his thigh. He’s using them to partially support himself, so he doesn’t collapse against Cas and the angel finds the pressure grounding.
Dean had been sucking in lungfuls of air that were no longer enough when Cas rolled him over and his weight pressed him into the mattress. His hands and mouth feverishly explored his body but - as Dean had been faintly aware - they never got too low and never got too harsh.
“I want to be with him,” Dean blurts out and hopes Sam can see just how honest he’s being. Hopes he can see just how much he misses the angel. Just how much he longs for him. Just
Cas takes a moment to respond. “You never actually asked me to be your… boyfriend,” he says softly, a hint of sadness present in his voice.
His phone lights up with another fucking call and he sighs tiredly and picks it up. “What?” he asks, glad that at least his voice no longer sounds like he has stopped bawling his eyes out literally ten minutes ago.
And that… uncertainty of whether or not Cas actually still wants to be friends is leaving him restless and itching to find something to do. So when he
The amber liquid passes down his esophagus and warms his chest and for a brief moment, he’s back under the illusion of control. The illusion that
Dean doesn’t know how he could ever describe the breathtaking beauty that emanates from the angel with such ease. The way the simplest thing, like lighting, can make him look so otherworldly - so ethereal. The way the simplest lighting can serve as such a strong reminder that Cas is in fact an angel - a fact Dean keeps finding himself kind of forgetting.
“Still want me to stop?” he whispers, his lips brushing against the angel’s ear. He’s so close he can feel his own warm breath against the seraph’s skin - the sensation making Cas shiver. He pulls at Cas' earlobe with his teeth and the angel lets out a loud moan.
And he’s already pushing himself into a sitting position, his legs swinging off the bed. He doesn’t bother looking for his shoes, he hasn’t seen them in days. Maybe Sam took them so he wouldn’t go out. He doesn’t know and he doesn’t really care.
Before Cas has a chance to respond he’s rolling off the bed and storming out of the room. He’s so angry he didn’t even bother with a shirt and a sigh escapes Cas’ lips.
” he says but he doesn’t sound angry or offended… just… suspicious. Like Cas is going to tell him something which will only serve as a confirmation on what he already suspects to be true.
It’s too many things that he doesn’t have the energy - or time - to get into explaining or figuring out so he just growls, “Because I don’t
“Get up, we should hit the road,” Sam says and when Dean finally peels his eyes open, he sees that the room is already being illuminated by natural light.
Cas reaches over wordlessly and places two fingers on his forehead. Dean feels a small buzz of power washing through him and his eyebrows knit together in confusion.
He deepens the kiss, the intensity of it slowly building up until it becomes borderline overwhelming, and breathing through his nose is no longer sufficient. He’s lightheaded when he pulls back, his breaths coming out as heavy pants, but there’s a huge, goofy smile on his lips.
“SHUT UP!” He screams as something in him cracks and the tears that have been clouding his vision spill. His foot’s pressing down the brakes forcefully before he’s fully aware of it, rapidly bringing Baby’s speed down. He hears a car horn blaring at him loudly from behind and for a brief moment he thinks ‘this is it’. His car doesn’t have seatbelts, nor does it have airbags, and he’s mortified to find that instead of fear he’s washed over with calmness and relief.
get the clue. He rolls onto his side and decides to just fuck it and places a hand on Cas’ stomach. The angel’s eyes shoot over to him with a questioning look. “Dean?” he asks.
Cas gathers the ingredients, albeit with some struggle and pointers from Dean, and places them on the large kitchen island. The coffee machine finally whirrs to life and Dean turns his attention to him. He watches Dean as he joins him by the counter.
Dean pulls the angel close to his chest again. “Don’t mention my brother when we’re cuddling,” he chuckles. “Now, shush, I’m trying to sleep.”
“Dean?” Cas asks after a couple of minutes of silence. Dean looks up to see worry etched into the angel’s features. “Do we need to talk about this?” he asks, trying to keep his emotions out of his voice but the anxiety still leaks in.
He feels the urge to kiss the angel’s neck tug at his insides and he tries to shake it off—he doesn’t want to ruin this.
Cas nods but Dean doesn’t make any attempt to move to the sink. “Aren't you going to wash your hands?” he asks, his eyebrows knitting together.
” Dean asks, tone annoyed as his hands make a gesture towards him - like him elaborating should have been obvious.
The angel scowls, which ends up pulling a soft laugh from him and he leans in to kiss him again. The next time he pulls back they’re both breathless from the intensity of their kisses. He pushes the angel back, the backs of his legs hitting the bed and he loses his balance, falling on the mattress unceremoniously. Cas shifts up wordlessly, eyes wide and trusting - so very trusting - watching his movements.
“Yeah, Cas healed me,” Dean says nonchalantly, taking the glass of water and plate from his brother, suddenly realizing just how hungry he is. It’s eggs and toast with something green on it. “What’s the green thing?” He frowns at it, not trusting it one bit.
Cas hums. “I don’t think it would have been the same,” he says softly, his fingers tracing patterns on Dean’s back through his shirt.
A dirty thought crosses Dean’s mind about what he could eat, but he decides against voicing it -  doesn’t think the angel would appreciate it. Instead, he hums against the man’s stomach and flicks his tongue out against the hard muscles.
It’s always really strange seeing Cas dressed in something other than his usual suit and trench coat, but now, dressed in Dean’s clothes, he can’t help but think it's incredibly hot.
Dean ends up finding Bolognese in the fridge and eats as much as his stomach can handle - which is not that much - before he wanders around the bunker in a pathetic attempt to find something to do. In the end, he ends up in front of the TV again, scrolling through his phone in search of a hunt.
The younger hunter sighs. “Dean still has them,” he says. Cas’ breath hitches and it sounds too much like a sob, his hand dropping down to his side.
Dean opens his mouth to hiss an insult, but Sam doesn’t let him. “If you don’t cut back on drinking in the next four weeks, I’m signing you into rehab,” Sam says, his voice and expression angry with something hidden in it that Dean can’t decipher.
the most selfless and loving human being I will ever know. You… you care so much about your friends and family, even about the whole
Cas smiles and presses a gentle kiss to his lips, his hands coming to rest on Dean’s hips. “Now,” he murmurs, making sure to keep his voice low, coming to realize just how much Dean likes it, “how did you feel about me pushing you back like that?” He plants loving kisses along Dean’s jaw.
Dean finds himself smiling harder than he has in a long while. He smiles a genuine, cheerful smile, and for once in his life, he doesn’t shy away from the happiness blooming in his chest.
Dean turns around and a grin spreads on his face. Cas looks a little nervous as he looks down at himself. Dean’s clothes don’t grip onto his body quite the way they do - did - onto his. He has lost some of his muscle and weight in the past ten months due to his significantly lessened activity levels. “How are they?” he asks, pushing the thought away.
“It’s okay,” Cas whispers back, his hand coming up to cup his cheek, thumb wiping away some of the tears. Dean leans into the touch and a relieved sigh escapes his lips. He uses his hand to wipe the tears off his other cheek and chuckles a little.
He nearly rips the duffel’s zipper as he tries to take the bottle out, his hands shaking and impatient. He’s falling apart and he needs the liquor like
So, I guess they're back together? Idk about you but Cas' reaction completely surprised me. But he's a grown, ancient man, so I've decided to trust him and just go with it. I'll see where it takes me.
“Well, you can either wait it out, jerk off or take a freezing shower,” he says, grabbing the dead man’s bathrobe from where he left it after his last shower.
“I can help with that,” Cas says gently, raising one hand to his face tentatively. “May I?” he asks. Dean nods, and to his disappointment, all Cas does is place two fingers on his forehead. He doesn’t know why he was expecting—hoping—Cas to cup his cheek.
His features have softened into a less guarded look, and his eyes aren’t as dark and steely, and his hair is surely still so soft… so fucking
Cas is lying on Dean’s bed with his arm wrapped protectively around the man’s body. Dean’s head is resting on Cas’ chest, his hair smelling of vanilla - courtesy of a shampoo Cas got him for his birthday once. The fact that Dean liked it enough to buy it again makes him feel proud of himself and his chest all warm and fuzzy. He was incredibly happy when he realized he had guessed correctly that Dean would enjoy the smell of vanilla, even if the hunter has never mentioned liking anything even remotely close to that. The sweet scent pairs
Some of the night has come back to him, but not enough. He remembers the drive to Hastings, Janice sitting down next to him and introducing herself, her mentioning she has a beautiful 1970 Dodge Challenger, Cas frozen in the doorway, Cas unable to look at him as Sam passes him the keys to Baby.
“Sam mentioned that you found him after Chuck zapped everyone out of existence; hence the name Miracle.”
Dean feels a little dizzy from the intensity of Cas’ stare - even if it lasted barely a minute - and it takes his brain a good moment to catch up to what they were talking about. “
Sam looks like he wants to argue about Dean choosing a case in a city seven hours away but he decides against it. “We should stop for the night and pick up again tomorrow,” he says instead. “Or I could drive if you don’t want to stop,” he suggests carefully.
“I’m glad you’re okay, too, Eileen,” he says, singing it too, his eyes soft and caring. Dean pats Miracle one last time and stands up so he can hug her as well. He wraps his arms around the smaller woman and squeezes, happy that she’s back. He pulls back and looks over at Cas who has crouched down to greet the dog.
Dean is clutching his gun in his hand, looking around attentively for any sign that they were spotted as Cas pushes the front door to the cabin open.
Cas stays silent for a moment, waiting for him to continue. “I should what?” he asks when it’s obvious Dean isn’t going to speak.
Dean feels a pang of jealousy but pushes it away the best he can. “Then I shouldn’t be taking up your time. Thank you for coming,” he smiles and it’s wistful - desperate longing for the man he loves to stay longer seeping through his mask.
with Sam. “Bye, Sam,” he says and hangs up, ignoring his brother yelling at him to stop from the ear speaker.
Dean follows him over the edge almost immediately, moaning loudly as his toes curl and muscles constrict almost painfully and he barrels over.
Cas nods, not bothering to chide the human on talking with his mouth full. He pulls out his phone, opening his call history and tapping on Dean’s name. Quiet ringing rises from the ear speaker and after a couple of seconds, he hears Dean’s ringtone playing in the distance.
“I don’t blame you,” Dean says, knowing exactly what he’s thinking. He raises his hand to place it over Cas’ on his cheek to keep it there. “I never blamed you,” he pauses, “after all you pulled a full-on Winchester move,” he says with a small smile, eliciting a teary chuckle from Cas. Dean leans over the table and presses a kiss to his lips. He moves one hand to cup Cas’ cheek, the other on the table, supporting his weight.
knows that doesn’t make sense but he… he doesn’t want to say that Cas didn’t want to come to see him. That he was
that no matter what answer he gives the hunter, it will not be satisfactory, and he will still end up angry with him.
Then Dean’s pulling away and Cas blinks his eyes open to see him head towards the coffee station. “Coffee?” he asks, looking back at Cas, and the seraph nods. Cas can hear the liquid pouring and soon Dean’s handing him a full cup. He thanks him and turns back to the stove. He sees Dean hover by him for a moment before snatching the plate with the stash of pancakes and scurrying away.
Dean nods, shoving more pancakes into his mouth. “Call my phone, it will be easier to locate that way,” he suggests over the food in his mouth.
dog because the girls have been asking to see him. Dean wasn’t exactly happy with the arrangement but no matter how much he wanted to tell them he ended up not voicing his emotions.
To Cas’ annoyance, the hunter settles with his laptop in a way where Cas can’t see the screen. He knows he’s done it on purpose - most likely trying to shield him from a possibly unwanted answer.
“We should’ve gotten together ages ago,” Dean says. He knows it probably wouldn’t have worked out then - still has a high chance of not working out - and they most likely would’ve stopped talking at some point. He wouldn’t have known what it was like to truly and completely lose Cas and he probably would have destroyed their relationship at a much faster pace - unintentionally or not. “We could have avoided a lot of arguments had I known how much kissing you helps me calm down,” he murmurs, a hint of amusement present in his voice.
Dean hums. “In the best way possible,” he says, his words still slurring a little. He rolls his hips against Cas’, and the angel suddenly becomes aware of the bulge in Dean’s pajamas, but he thinks that might have been the hunter’s intention.
Sam snorts. “Oh, yeah. I remember that.” He pauses, looking away. “Okay, um… you should have your truck parked somewhere around here - we went to pick it up at some point - so you could drive us into town and we’ll get us something more to drink,” he suggests with a shrug and a small smile.
His dad’s homophobic slurs are beginning to race through his mind, the voice rapidly picking up on volume. It’s calling him names, telling him how his feelings are unnatural, how disgusting he is. How he should be ashamed of himself. How much everyone is going to despise him if they ever find out.
He wants to laugh bitterly and tell his brother that even if he does agree to his proposition, there’s still a very low chance of him actually falling asleep, but a yawn tears from his throat and no matter how much he tries to fight it, he knows Sam has still noticed. “Fine,” he says in the end.
He searches for the nearest motel and finds one that is only a ten-minute drive away. He believes he’s not so drunk he won’t be able to get there without dying or killing someone on the way, so he puts the car in drive and pulls back onto the interstate.
How would he make Cas understand that people worrying about him makes him uncomfortable? That someone expressing concern for his safety feels like an attack on him and his ability to take care of himself? That can’t he accept that others’ worry stems from them caring about him and not them wanting to get something in return?
He finds nothing, of course, he finds nothing, because when has ever anything gone his way? He considers apologizing to Cas again but once he opens their text conversation and sees the dozens upon dozens of unanswered messages that idea suddenly seems stupid.
He’s bringing Cas higher and higher until his hips jerk into Dean’s hand and his back makes some sort of an attempt at bowing off the bed and he spills over.
Despite himself, his eyes keep getting drawn upwards and after a moment he stops fighting it. He takes in the hair that always looks a little out of control. The stubble that felt so incredible on his skin. The lips that were so soft against his own-
Sam looks like he’s about to say something - most likely snarky or sarcastic - but Eileen manages to speak before him. “I’ll be in your room,” she says to Sam softly before smiling brightly at Dean as she passes him on her way out.
He starts the show from the beginning just as Cas steps in and he suddenly realizes that maybe showing an angel of the lord a show about a humans’ idea of the afterlife isn’t one of his greatest moments. But, at the same time, he now kind of really wants to see Cas’ reaction.
It was a blessing at first - back then he was still angry with Sam and talking to him wasn’t exactly high on his to-do list - but now, two hours later, Dean would much rather bicker with his brother than sit here with only his thoughts and the irritating, bone-deep itch to reach for a drink.
His lips brushed against Cas’ with every word and his ass has shifted even lower until it now rests on his hardening cock, and the angel finds that he has to keep reminding himself to not let himself get lost in the pleasant sensations like he did last time.
Dean sighs, dropping the slice he has been eating, seemingly finished. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I wouldn’t call it
Those moments always make him feel like he got trapped in a thick, sticky tar and no matter how hard he struggles against it he just keeps sinking deeper into it. He gets overwhelmed by all the ‘what if-’s until he inevitably works himself up into a panic attack. Because he… he
“We both know you’re going to do it again, Dean,” he says, and his words feel like a sucker punch to the gut.
Cas seems to hesitate but then he raises his hand and moves it over to rest on his leg. He ends up hesitating again when his hand is mere inches above his jean-cladded leg and when Dean nods, he finally places it on his thigh. “I know,” Cas says quietly.
His eyes land on a young woman who looks completely like a civilian but is unmistakably heading towards them. “Are you two here about the killed tourists?” she asks, her comment taking him by surprise.
Dean only shrugs. “Hell, if I know. Some chip thing or whatever,” he says and stands up, pushing his chair back under the table.
Cas looks at him with wide eyes but doesn’t say anything. He just nods and scoots closer to him, trusting Dean’s decision. Dean rests his head on the other man’s chest, hearing Cas’ heart beating rapidly underneath him. A small smile tugs at Dean’s lips and he lets his eyes fall shut, inhaling the smell of a forest after a storm. Cas wraps an arm around Dean protectively, his hand resting on Dean’s side, his thumb stroking up and down in a comforting manner.
His hands start untucking Cas’ dress shirt, desperately needing to feel more of him. His fingers slide underneath the fabric, the skin beneath them scalding, and Cas gasps quietly into the kiss at the contact.
Sometimes it’s on the backburner and then Cas surprises him with a statement that’s exactly spot on - sometimes before he even figures it out himself - and Dean feels like he should be glad that someone knows him that well. He should be glad that he’s found someone in the hunting life that’s stuck around long enough to know him just as well as Sam does - probably even better in some aspects. But instead of gratitude, it fills him with fear. It scares him just how easily Cas can read him and just how easily he can figure out what Dean’s thinking. That even when his walls are well in place, the angel knows precisely which cracks to look through to see what’s lurking beneath. That he can look through his anger and see what’s actually on his mind. That even if Dean gives out the tiniest number of clues as to what’s wrong, Cas always figures out how to put them together and see what he needs.
Dean scoots closer to him until their legs are the only things keeping distance between them. “I’m not angry about them, Cas,” he murmurs, his hands coming to rest on the angel’s body. Their rough texture and scalding heat calm the complex feelings raging in Cas’ mind a little and he allows himself to be pulled into Dean’s eyes' gravitational orbit.
“It’s not,” Cas insists, shifting back so he can look Dean in the eyes, “it’s not okay. I’m sorry you had to go through that.” He has more to say but Dean presses his lips to the angel’s - silencing him.
“I never said,” Cas starts, his voice tipping into anger, and Dean already knows he was being too big of a dick if Cas actually snaps back at him, “that my apprehension to you searching the cabin alone is because I believe you to be incapable of doing it on your own, so please don’t put words in my mouth! I’m
Yet, despite the music, he still hears that stupid sentence replaying in his head, and it’s beginning to sound a lot like it’s begging him to understand. At first, Dean was sure it was mockery. Mockery that he was so pathetic he couldn’t even keep his drinking in line. That it’s comparable to how everything in his life seems to be under his control up until the moment he realizes it never was. He thought it was that, it must have been that… but then he realized that that tone hidden in Sam’s voice he couldn’t identify was desperate pleading.
They find the bar pretty much empty. Dean is seated behind the bar with a very attractive woman around his age sitting next to him. A very attractive woman that is so openly flirting with him that even Cas had no problem identifying it. The angel’s body freezes in the doorway and he feels his hands curl into fists as he tries to bury the surge of emotions that are rising in his mind like a tidal wave.
The thought alone makes his own heart shatter and his breaths are picking up on pace and he suddenly realizes he can’t breathe. That the space around him is too small, the car’s walls beginning to cave in on him.
Just a little longer. He can do this, just a little longer. He’ll take the exit and stop at the side of the road and take a breather. Maybe take a little walk along the road.
“Come on, Cas, I’m not blind.” He quirks an eyebrow, voice insistent. “Not only have you two been fucking ogling each other for the past ten years, but Dean’s also done a complete one-eighty emotionally since you got back.
Dean feels the rest of his words dying on his tongue. “What would it do, anyway?” Sam asks, throwing his hands in the air in frustration. “You’ve already apologized, what’s doing it in person going to do?” He shakes his head. “You think that if you do it face to face you could pull some puppy dog eyes and he’d magically forgive you?” His eyes are angry, furious even, but his voice is not raising in volume and it’s making Dean seriously uncomfortable. He can handle yelling - hell, he’s used to it - but he can’t handle this serial killer calmness.
So, it takes Cas a moment to process what just happened. But when his mind finally catches up to him, he suddenly becomes very aware of his weight on Dean’s body. “Am I squishing you?” he asks, feeling his own warm breath against Dean’s skin.
“Yes,” he says and Dean forces himself to remain quiet despite the anger flaring up in his chest. Sam shouldn’t discuss him with Cas without him present. That’s just a dick move. He wants to say that but he forces himself to just shut up for a moment and wait if Cas has something more to say. “I know you don’t want to hear this, Dean, but… Sam is right,” he says in the end, and he’s completely right. Dean did
when it has been nothing but cruel to you. I don’t know what you saw and you don’t ever have to tell me but no matter what happened just know that I love you. I’ll always love you.”
starts flowing from the speakers and maybe halfway through the song Dean suddenly becomes aware that Cas is humming along. It’s barely audible over the music but once he caught it, it became the center of his attention. It’s a small thing, but it makes him feel all warm and gooey and just so incredibly happy.
He pushes the thoughts away and tries to find words. But his brain has completely given up on coherent thoughts, so all he manages to do is a quick nod. Because how could he say no to that? That was
Cas’ skin is scalding hot as Dean’s hands roam over his back. Cas rolls his hips against him and Dean is getting so lightheaded with the intensity he has to break off for a moment.
Dean doesn’t know if he means that it would have been better or worse than it is now but he’s too afraid to ask so he kisses him again instead. The kiss doesn’t pick up on intensity or heat even as he notes that they’re both sporting a pretty insistent boner. No, Cas is giving him full control of the pace and all Dean wants right now is something to hold onto. Something to ground him and help him keep his emotions in check.
me he’s going to cut back but it’s all been just words! Just fucking words!” He throws his arms up into the air.
He rounds into the war room, not having the slightest bit of resolve or energy to argue with the voice. Because, after all, it
Dean offers a small smile like Sam could hear it and nods. “Yeah,” he says and even the simple affirmation feels like he’s admitting to too much. Bearing his soul too much.
Dean changes into his suit and they make their way over to the sheriff’s office. The building is a two-story kind with nothing seemingly special about it. He actually probably would have missed it had Cas not been giving him directions. The sign is for some fucking reason all the way at the top of the building and not visible through the usually
Sammy turns around and spots Dean in the doorway, breathless and pale and wrapped in a bathrobe, his body still dripping wet from the shower. “Dean?” he asks, eyes shooting wide in panic.
“Dean…” Cas lets out a sigh, knowing what he’s thinking, “You’re already aroused, that would just make it worse.”
Cas sighs. “I… I don’t want to push you, Dean,” he says. “It’s not because I don’t want to be intimate with you, you should know that by now. I just,” he sighs, “I don’t want you to jump in headfirst and then have another-”
“Dean,” Cas cuts him off but his voice is calm - gentle. Dean’s eyes shoot up to look at Cas, his vision cloudy, but there’s no hate or resentment on the seraph's face. Dean’s head is pounding and his heart is beating so fast he can hear it in his ears. “Whatever it was, it was just a dream. I’m okay-
His eyes drop to his lap again, and he takes a couple of moments to compose himself. “I’ve been back for weeks,” he says and out of the corner of his eye he sees the hunter stiff next to him. Cas’ heart is beating rapidly in panic - body going into ‘flight mode’ even if there’s nowhere to flee. Not now. “The entire time that you haven’t seen Jack. Before I came with him to the bunker,” he says with as much confidence as he can fake. “I was helping him with restoring Heaven.”
kissing Cas. The angel moans into the kiss, his hands moving into his hair to try and pull him closer.
that he’s inevitably going to do something that will ruin them forever. Something that even Cas - no matter how love-struck - won’t be able to forgive.
The zipper is being a stubborn bitch and insisting on being stuck so he just shoves his hand into the small opening and pulls the bottle out like that.
He’s headed to the side of the building, hoping to hide behind the dumpsters, away from the prying eyes.
But they don’t come. “I don’t want to snap at you,” Dean says in the end, the anger he’s clearly trying to control, evident in his tone.
He’s deadly serious, Dean knows he’s deadly serious and it all catches him completely off guard. Sam’s words shock him so much it takes him a moment to recover and find his voice again. “That’s not fair,” he says in the end, immediately cringing at just how much like a child that made him sound.
panic’s rapidly rising in his mind and his muscles are tightening, his body going stiff. Cas’ hands drop down immediately and he’s jumping back like Dean has burned him. Tears are pricking Dean’s eyes and he feels stupid.
“I love you, Dean,” he says, kissing his cheek. Dean smiles and hums happily, resting his head back on the pillow.
Cas is about to say something when the waiter suddenly returns with a wallet and a small device Cas believes is called a card terminal. “Cash or card?” he asks, eyes darting between Cas and Dean with a confused look - not understanding the atmosphere he has walked into.
Dean feels the anger in him rear its ugly head and devour him whole in an instant, and he’s suddenly moving before he even has time to figure out what exactly it is that he’s about to do. His hands grab the bottle from the ground, making sure it’s closed, and he shoves it into his duffel bag. “You know what?” he all but yells, taking his gun from underneath his pillow and tucking it into his pants. “Fuck you, Sam!” He growls and picks up his duffel bag, throwing it over his shoulder. He looks over at his furious brother. “You can hitch a ride back home,” he hisses, watching as Sam’s anger turns to shock.
He turns on the turn signal and pulls over into the shoulder, bringing the car to a stop at a less forceful rate. By the time he does finally stop, the tears that are rolling down his cheeks are so heavy he doesn’t even bother wiping them away. His body’s shaking violently with silent sobs as he tries to keep the sounds to a minimum despite being alone in the car.
Dean sighs tiredly and runs a hand down his mouth in frustration. He doesn’t get why Cas has the need to fight with him on this. The angel was there too, and Dean would like to think he isn’t so oblivious he’d miss just how
But he thinks he understands now. His eyes find the door again and he grins when he spots a lock on it.
Dean eyes the angel’s muscular body, the Enochian tattoo just above his left hip, and then his eyes fall down to his hard dick. He hears a string of slurs being hissed at him by his own mind, but honestly, he’s too horny and way too exhausted - from all those sleepless nights - to let it ruin the mood.
The angel’s breaths have been picking up in speed and Dean can now feel the quick puffs of air hot against his skin.
“Okay,” Sammy says and picks up one of Dean’s cold hands and puts it on his chest. They sit there, with Sammy’s breathing exaggerated so it would be easier for Dean to mimic and Dean trying his best to do so.
to be closer to him, but their legs are in the way, so he has to settle for just leaning towards each other.
Cas’ eyebrows knit together in confusion before a realization dawns on him. “Is it about the human prejudice towards same-sex relationships?” he asks quietly.
Out of nowhere there’s solid ground underneath his feet and his lungs are back in place and it’s such a strong shift between sensations, he finds himself swaying and his hand shooting up to grab onto something for support. All he finds is Cas’ arm on his shoulder and he grips onto the angel tightly as he regains his balance.
I don't know, there's not much to say for this one. I definitely wanted to make the texts between Cas and Dean kind of uncomfortable as Dean tries to reach out to him but Cas not really getting back to him. I’ll let you make the assumption if Cas is actually busy or if he’s just ignoring him like he did in the beginning.
Cas makes an answering sound and Dean feels the angel’s fingers tightening in his hair as he tries to pull him closer. Then, without any warning, the angel’s tongue dips into his mouth and it tears a surprised sound from Dean’s throat.
Cas’ nod is curt and stiff and Dean thinks he’s actually going to cry. He has missed the angel so fucking much and then he gets him back only to find out the angel is uncomfortable with being around him? How is that fair?!
He has to tear his gaze away, feeling tears pricking his eyes at the reminder of what he’s lost. He realizes Cas hasn’t responded. “Sam sent you,” he states, the realization instantly ruining his mood. Of course, Sam sent him. There’s no way he would’ve come to see him otherwise.
His lips latch onto Dean’s neck, drawing a moan from Dean’s throat, as his hands snake under the fabric of his shirt. Dean, who’s letting Cas set the pace, takes that as an all-clear for skin touching and starts doing the same, and soon they're tugging the fabrics off the other person’s body. Cas’ naked chest presses against his own and he feels the air punch out of him at the heat radiating off of it.
“I’m sorry, I had a whole fucking speech planned but now you’re here,” he gestures vaguely towards him, “and I’m rambling like a fucking idiot again,” he shakes his head, trying to push down the tears that are pricking his eyes as he starts to realize that he most likely
Those are quite popular nowadays and something Dean found himself enjoying, but he can’t quite decide. Because what if he chooses something that Cas doesn’t like?
Dean chuckles, forcing his mind to refocus on the present moment. “When you gave me that bottle for my birthday I genuinely didn’t know if I was more surprised that
Maybe finishing a bottle should be a sign that he’s had enough, but his mind is too foggy to think. He tries to push himself to his feet but he just loses balance and falls back into the chair. He curses under his breath as everything tips violently to one side.
And it wouldn’t be just that. He knows Dean would try to hide any future panic attacks. Cas already suspects that the hunter feels ashamed for experiencing two in front of him… because… that’s what the thing in the shower was, wasn’t it? It was a panic attack and Cas didn’t know and just left like a stupid idiot.
He kicks back another line of shots and looks up at Sam, who’s watching him with worried eyes. “What is it?” the hunter asks.
Dean only grits his teeth and breaks into a jog, regretting he hasn’t had the mind to put on his jacket before he stormed out. It couldn’t be over fifty degrees and he can feel his body beginning to shiver in the cold.
” he asks with wide eyes, unable to comprehend how a transaction like that occurs, despite having seen it numerous times.
Cas steps closer and when Dean nods, he pulls him into a hug. Dean feels his muscles instinctively relax when Cas wraps his strong arms around him and he lets out a sigh.
“Sam!” Cas calls, rising to his feet, having had enough. “Sit down!” He orders. He watches the younger Winchester as he settles in one of the armchairs with minimal complaints and he walks over, putting two fingers on his forehead. He lets a tiny bit of grace wash through Sam, taking his inebriation with it. “How about we go pick Dean up and we can talk about his crippling drinking problem another time.” He forces his voice to remain calm, even if he’s feeling anything but.
He’s starting to be able to pick up on when Dean is running low on air and he pulls back, their faces remaining close enough that their breaths mix together in the small, shared space. “Archangel,” he whispers.
Cas arms tighten around him, one hand beginning to rub soothing patterns into his back. “Are you okay?” Cas murmurs into his ear, his low voice vibrating through Dean’s body.
He sees Dean sit down on the bed and Cas shifts up to mimic his actions. “And you decide to drop that bomb
A grin tugs at Cas’ lips as he steps into the shower but before Dean can pull him into another kiss, he’s crouching down and lifting Dean’s feet up to get the socks off. Dean lets out a frustrated groan and the moment the fabric is off his feet, he’s pulling the angel up and pressing their lips together. He can feel Cas smiling into the kiss before his lips part.
“Hmm?” he asks when Cas doesn’t respond. He pulls back and sees that the angel’s eyes are heavy-lidded, and his smile is a little drunk-like. He brings one hand up to cup his cheek and the angel immediately leans into it.
But he also can’t find it in himself to push Dean away. Not with him there, sprawled out on top of him. Not with him so close that Cas can feel the heat radiating off his body. When he can feel the rough texture of his calloused hands on his bare chest as he tries to persuade Cas to drop his guard and finally kiss him.
He opens the fridge and pulls out a beer, taking a desperate drink. It doesn't really help but, then again, he didn't expect it to.
No… he wasn’t expecting the wave of nausea that washed over him to be so intense he has to dip his head back into the trash can.
“I don’t think I can publicly announce we’d be going on a date but I’ll agree to it if we keep that information to ourselves,” he murmurs against the other man’s lips. Cas nods against him and Dean presses a kiss to his lips again. Dean’s tongue flicks out against them and they part almost immediately.
He sighs, his mind returning to Cas and he tries his best to bury the memories of the dream, but it’s like it got stuck to the front of his mind with super glue. And he hates everything about it. He might actually hate it more than the nightmares. Because he can handle the nightmares, but he can’t handle fake hope.
It takes Cas two songs to relax completely again. His fingers loosen around the steering wheel and he repositions them at the bottom again.
Dean tears his eyes away from the floor and looks up to see him. To see Cas. He’s standing next to Jack in that familiar suit and trench coat. But even from this distance and with everything spinning slightly Dean can tell that Cas is tense. His shoulders are stiff, his fists clenched and when Dean focuses on his face he can see worry etched into it.
“You’re not calling it that,” Cas asks, his question coming out more as a statement as his eyebrows drop down. When Dean only looks away sheepishly his eyebrows shoot up. “You
Cas collects the quarter cup and does as Dean asked him to. “Okay, you’ll leave that to cook for two to three minutes before flipping. You also want to stir the batter occasionally so that it doesn’t settle at the bottom,” he says and Cas nods.
I seemed pissed but that was just… that was just me hiding in anger again. I wanna start with saying that your feelings were justified,” he says because they were. They really were. “I
Cas levels him with what Dean thinks is his most threatening glare, but instead of getting intimidated he rewards it with his best shit-eating grin.
Dean took a shower, brushed his teeth, and was a hundred percent sure he wouldn’t have any trouble falling asleep.
And that was obviously the wrong thing to say because he can see Castiel’s eyes narrow and feel the air charging with power. “Fuck,” he whispers, trying not to let the anxiety he’s feeling seep into his voice - well aware that the angel can hear him.
“Dean,” he takes a deep breath, “I’ve never used my grace in this way… and… humans… you are more sensitive to stimuli than us. And I’m afraid I’ll use too much and send you into another spiral,” he says, careful to avoid the words ‘panic attack’, having noticed the way Dean cut him off last time. “This is most definitely going to be more intense than my fingers brushing over your… your
And then he hears the nasty voice hissing an insult in his head and it’s bad but he can’t let it ruin this. He just can’t. So he shoves it down but it doesn’t work so he resorts to just ignoring it. Because it can’t call him anything new, anything he hasn’t heard before. Anything he hasn’t kind of adjusted to already. And he can work with that. The voice is killing the mood a little bit for him but then Cas’ lips leave his and start kissing down his neck and he hears the voice get droned out by static.
” he says, the angel’s eyes snapping back to him. “You asking me out on a date?” he asks flirtatiously.
So he buries it and lets it stew somewhere in the back of his mind where he can occasionally look at the destructive patterns he’s stuck in but he doesn’t actually have to
the voice sneers and Dean feels more weight added to his stomach, making him seriously question whether he’s going to throw up.
“We should start making our way to Cedar Rapids,” Cas says softly, forcing Dean’s consciousness back to the present moment.
His eyes fall shut and he feels Sam’s arm tighten around his shoulders, and he suddenly really appreciates the contact. It’s something keeping him semi-grounded. Semi in control.
than he remembers? “When’s he coming back?” he asks, trying to push the fear down. Surely Cas just went to pick something up.
Dean chuckles, a smile spreading on his lips. “A shrink in a nuthouse actually called me and Sammy dangerously codependent once.”
But the key finally slips in and he collapses into the driver’s seat with an ugly sob. It takes him even longer to start the engine and his pain is beginning to morph into anger and he presses the heels of his hands into his eyes to try and ground himself.
Dean doesn’t mention that when Sam realized just how badly Dean was affected by Cas’ death he started cooking two versions of all his meals. He would spend extra hours in the kitchen to prepare something Dean would enjoy eating, just for him to barely touch the food. Dean’s chest always tightens at the thought, guilt gnawing at his insides for making his brother’s life more difficult and not even appreciating it.
Cas gives him a second before he presses a kiss against his lips, desperate to get a taste of Dean’s mouth again. And Dean doesn’t protest. Because kissing Cas is like a goddamn drug. The only time he has gotten high was when he had that stupid sandwich with the leviathan goo in it, but that doesn’t even come close to how he’s feeling right now.
His lungs must have collapsed or maybe they have disintegrated because there’s suddenly a vacuum in what would normally be his chest and it’s setting everything on fire. There’s a sudden absence of oxygen in his body and he needs to inhale but his lungs are gone, and air doesn’t exist.
After a moment Cas pulls back, looking into those beautiful eyes tainted with pain. “You’re doing it again.” He sighs, moving his hand so he can cup Dean’s cheek. “You’re trying to distract me in hopes I’ll forget what I want to say.”
Dean only grins to himself and slides his hands under the pillow - propping his head up - not intending to move one bit. He doesn’t know why he’s choosing to irritate Cas; he knows they need to get going and that the sooner they leave the sooner they’ll get to Cedar Rapids, but he also wants to see if the angel will manhandle him out of bed.
It was just past three in the afternoon when Dean had declared the files completely useless. They agreed to talk to this Audrey first, hit the morgue if they got nothing concrete from her, and then start looking for a hideout.
So he pulls back and sits down on the bed, not trusting himself one bit, and looks over at Dean with an apologetic look only to see panic in the hunter’s eyes.
He feels like he should argue with the voice but how can he argue with it when it’s a hundred percent right? Because it doesn’t matter that he’s not actually a demon anymore. It doesn’t matter that it's not in his blood, it doesn’t matter he no longer has the Mark to corrupt him. It doesn’t
He doesn’t know when he’s started crying but when he finally reaches the outside world a horrible sob racks through his body. He feels his knees give out and he collapses on the dirt road with a soft thud. His thoughts are spiraling out of control and he brings his knees up to his chest, trying to make himself as small as possible in desperate hope that he’ll disappear. Because then, hopefully, his brother and best friend wouldn’t hate him as much.
Now, that doesn't mean that Dean doesn’t want to be reassured that he and Cas are at least on speaking terms now. But whenever he writes out that text, he remembers that Cas hasn’t actually responded to his proposition to being friends again, and in the end he always deletes it.
he has pulled them on that he realizes he could’ve done the same thing with the bathrobe still wrapped around him.
“Dean!” Cas calls, getting out as well. There’s something in his tone that forces Dean to stop and not storm away, no matter how much he wants to.
“There’s no need to apologize,” Cas says softly. “I’m glad you stopped me… I don’t want to do something you’re not ready for.”
Dean chuckles, easily imagining the confused expression Cas must have worn. “So, what’d you find us?” he asks, and Cas scrolls back up to the top. Dean recognizes the steakhouse and can’t help a smile spreading on his lips. Cas looks up to him with poorly masked worry in his eyes but relaxes upon seeing Dean’s reaction. Dean leans down and presses a kiss to the angel’s lips. “You know me too well,” he murmurs and attempts to deepen the kiss but the angel pulls back.
He picks the device up just as the screen goes black and the call goes to voicemail. He tosses it back on the seats and instead returns to his drinking.
Cas doesn’t say anything, only holds Dean tighter as the hunter tries to get his breathing under control.
He isn’t supposed to know about what his mind screams at him when his focus on suppressing the thoughts slips. He isn’t supposed to know that his mind screams that Cas had just lost his grace and had no idea how to navigate being human. That it screams that he probably didn’t understand a lot of the signals that his body suddenly started tossing at him and that he had to figure it all out alone. That it screams about the angel that is hundreds of millions of years old, one that suddenly needed to feed a body that never needed to be fed. About how he suddenly needed to worry about finding a place to sleep - somewhere where he would be safe from the elements. About how he suddenly could get injured and not be able to heal immediately.
His skin is crawling like there are millions of ants underneath it and he’s flooded with restless energy, and he realizes he can’t stay.
Then he turns back to Dean with his red, kiss-swollen lips, and flushed skin, and dark, hungry eyes. His eyes, that move to Dean’s own belt and he reaches out for it but ends up hesitating. “May I?” he asks and Dean nods, not trusting his voice. Cas gets rid of his jeans and boots with admirable speed, seemingly feeling the overwhelming need stemming from their separation too, and soon he’s stretching out on top of him again and their lips are crashing back together.
“Cas,” Dean says a little sternly when the angel doesn’t respond. “How long have you been back?” he asks, and Cas doesn’t even need to look up to see the anger building up in him. He can see the rigidness of his posture out of the corner of his eye. Hear the carefully controlled breaths. See the turmoil in his eyes even without having to look.
Yes, he did expect himself to feel like crying but he thought it would be joy, not this wrong feeling in his stomach. He wasn’t expecting anxiety gripping onto his insides so tight he might actually throw up.
It doesn’t take Cas long to notice Dean watching him and he stops immediately. He sits up straighter, his hand moving up on the steering wheel, his fingers gripping it tighter. “You don’t have to stop," Dean says gently and Cas glances over at him with a puzzled look. “I was just enjoying the view,” he adds and Cas’ eyes shoot back to him, his cheeks flushing.
And he would have. He genuinely believes he would have gone to them. He would have gone and overdosed like in some stupid tragedy written by a melodramatic dick just so he could bargain with reapers about bringing Cas back, but Sam caught a whiff of his plan and put him on house arrest
full of love. When he pulls back again Cas opens his eyes to see worry etched into Dean’s green ones.
The worst thing is that he doesn’t even know what he did to cause such a reaction. Cas is aware that Dean said he wants to keep what’s going on between them private, but it’s not like he hasn’t healed Dean in public before. It’s not like they haven’t brushed arms or hugged or sat really close to each other with eyes around them. And it never got that kind of reaction.
Now that Cas has been brought back to life Dean suddenly finds himself with nothing to fill his days with. He doesn’t have any lore to go over again, no spell to investigate, no favors to call in. And since there’s nothing for him to do, there isn’t anything occupying his mind long enough for it to not wander - whether that be in guilt or longing.
Heavy tears are rolling down his cheeks and his breaths are too quick for any oxygen to actually get into his system. He’s running but he doesn’t know where Sammy is. He doesn’t know where Sammy is and that’s making him panic even more because he shouldn’t let him out of his sight. His heart is hammering in his chest so fast he can hear the thrumming of blood in his ears and he briefly wonders if he’s dying.
“It’s seven pm” Cas frowns, trying to ignore the uncomfortable feeling that’s settling in his stomach.
“Dean?” Cas asks hesitantly. Dean looks over his shoulder to see Cas sitting on the bed. The angel looks down at his obvious boner and then back up at Dean again. He hesitates for a moment, unsure of how to voice his question. “It seems that my penis is-”
Cas’ arms wrap around his body as their lips meet again and Dean moves his hands to start undoing the angel’s pants and soon, he’s pushing them down, the blue fabric pooling at Cas’ feet.
He feels tears stinging his eyes, which only serves to fuel the anger, and he fishes out his car keys and jams the right one into the lock to get the door open. He dumps his duffel and jacket on the passenger seat and shuts the door behind him with more force than he intended, consecutively raising another wave of anger because Baby doesn’t deserve that from him.
His hands are gripping onto Dean and pressing him firmly against himself and he needs to kiss him. He needs to kiss him because this space between them is bordering on too much and he has to keep forcing himself to focus and not get lost in it. He’s trying to get his mind to sober up enough to explain to Dean why them doing this is dangerous. To apologize for what he’s done and explain why he can’t be trusted to get intimate with again.
Another two weeks have passed and he misses the angel more than he thought was humanly possible. He keeps writing out texts - a pathetic attempt to get Cas involved in a conversation - but he rarely actually sends them. And when he does miraculously send one, when he gets too overwhelmed by loneliness, it always takes Cas even longer to respond. Dean tries to convince himself that that is due to the lack of cell towers in Heaven and not the angel’s resentment towards him.
Cas has a small, sad but loving smile playing on his lips and he reaches over to cup Dean’s cheek. He brushes his thumb over his cheekbone, wiping away some of the tears and Dean leans into the touch, his eyes falling shut. “Oh, Dean,” he says quietly, his voice soft and comforting. He doesn’t continue and when Dean opens his eyes again it’s obvious the angel doesn’t know what to say.
” he flinches minutely. It’s barely there but they’re sitting too close to each other for Dean to not notice, “isn’t ultimately my fault.”
He walks in silence for a while, but it’s a silence that he welcomes. It’s the type that reassures him Sammy’s still there, but it doesn’t demand from him to speak. He lets the hand that’s holding the phone drop down to rest by his side and he looks up at the stars, just watching them for a couple of minutes.
He tries to pay attention to the show but just ends up glancing over at Cas every couple of moments, trying to figure out if the angel likes it. He doesn’t know much about Heaven, just that it does not work like in the show, and is quite interested in what Cas has to say about it.
What if he’s done something that made Cas realize he isn’t worth it? That he’s too fucked up to ever last in a relationship? What if the angel has re-evaluated everything he has said to him before the Empty took him and deemed him broken? Incapable of change?
be driving in his current emotional state. So he pulls over to the side of the road just outside of town, takes a deep breath, and lets the tears fall.
mental - so our nerve endings function differently. To be more specific, our grace numbs our nerve endings so that we can continue to fight even after sustaining significant damage,” he says, believing it will be easier for Dean to comprehend it if he starts with the physical sensations.
Dean’s eyes shoot open, his heart hammering in his chest. He’s lying on the flat plane of a man’s chest and there’s a strong, muscular arm wrapped around him. It’s a completely foreign sensation and for a moment he doesn’t know where he is. The body he’s lying on smells like damp moss, flowers, and wet wood, and his eyes widen with realization.
Sam turns around, revealing Eileen, whose eyes light up upon seeing them. “Dean! Cas!” she calls, running over to greet them. She barrels into Cas, pulling him into a bone-crushing hug and the angel lets out a surprised sound at the amount of force she has managed to muster. He wraps his arms around her and Dean sees her smile against his chest. She pulls back, the large grin on her face infectious. “I’m so happy you’re back!” she says and Cas can’t help a smile of his own.
They stay in silence for almost a minute, each second painfully long. “Can I hold you?” Cas asks hesitantly, his words unsure.
Their hands explore each other as the kiss slowly builds up in heat and intensity. Dean’s fingers snake underneath his shirt and Cas’ breath hitches in his throat.
“What would you prefer I call it?” he asks and Dean shakes his head, a smile spreading on his lips. Cas may have gotten significantly better at talking to people but sometimes it’s still easy to tell it’s not exactly native to him.
He aches with it and it’s making his heart hammer in his chest, and he rolls them over so he can be on top of Dean. The hunter’s legs wrap around his hips, trapping him in a vice-like grip, his nails scratching at his skin like he’s trying to peel it off and possibly get closer to him that way.
And Dean wants to argue that it most definitely won’t. That maybe it will turn out okay today, that everything might end up okay
Cas tries to push down the thoughts of just how badly Dean has been affected by his death but with nothing else to do, it proves more challenging than he would like. The guilt grips onto his insides and refuses to let go and he buries his face in Dean’s hair, trying to distract himself with the vanilla smell instead.
The angel has landed facing one of the walls and he turns, and those beautiful eyes meet his and Dean feels the last bit of air punch out of him. The soft orange light coming in from behind him lightens the ends of his hairs and the edges of his trench coat, giving his body almost a glowing effect.
“Isn’t grease supposed to, like, I don’t know, absorb the alcohol or whatever?” he grumbles, annoyed that his brother is forcing his bullshit food onto him.
“Dean.” Cas cuts him off, he himself hearing the edge in his voice. “I’d rather not talk about that.”
Cas’ eyebrows are knitting together and he’s reaching out a hand to comfort him but Dean’s body is moving away of its own volition. His breaths are coming out quick and shaky and the only coherent thought in his mind is how much Cas hates him. “I’m sorry I couldn’t get you out.” His voice breaks and he realizes that the tears have long since started falling. “I’m sorry I was wasting what you sacrificed yourself for-”
“Dean appears to be panicking and I don’t know what to do," he says, worry evident in his voice. He looks over at Dean and for a brief moment, Cas’ mask of calmness slips, and the hunter can see just how terrified and out of his depth Cas feels. The angel’s eyes drop down to Dean’s arms, where his nails are digging into his skin.
“I apologize,” he says softly, watching with awe as the anger in Dean’s eyes slowly dies down. Cas smiles and leans forward, pressing his lips against Dean’s into a soft kiss.
He doesn’t know the answer to that question and doubts Dean would provide him with one. So he finds himself pacing around the bunker restlessly, trying to ease his mind, but it’s to no avail. His thoughts have gone through a long process and are now beginning to circle around how Dean is going to break them off. How he’s going to look at him with that distrust in his eyes again. And most importantly how Cas has fucked them beyond repair.
He knows he’s got Sammy and he knows he’s got Cas but once you’ve built up all those walls, pulling them down for
Trying not to think about it too much, he sinks on the bed and crawls towards Dean, who’s watching him intently with wide eyes. He presses a kiss to Dean’s low abdomen, set on giving the hunter’s body the love and attention it deserves. He feels the muscles of Dean’s flat stomach clench when his lips land on them and he immediately knows he started too low.
When it’s whisked together Dean reaches over and takes a hold of Cas’ hand which is holding the whisk. He stirs it through the mixture slowly and then lifts it up into the air. “You want it to be thick, like this, so it doesn’t spread all over the pan,” he says quietly into Cas’ ear, his warm breath making the angel shiver. Cas looks over at him, unable to resist any longer, to see the scolding heat in Dean’s eyes. The hunter looks down at his lips, his tongue flicking out to wet his own, and for a moment Cas is sure he’s going to kiss him.
to… because if he doesn’t… if he doesn’t say what needs to now, he will only do it when it’s way too late. When they’ve grown apart or one of them has kept a secret way too big for way too long. When the miscommunication and hiding of emotions have spiraled into something even
“Sam, uhm, he yelled some sense into me and I…” He takes a deep breath, trying to steady himself as the angel’s infinite and terrifying eyes bore into him. “I’m not going to pretend what I did was okay.” His heart is pounding against his chest, and he licks his lips, his mouth suddenly uncomfortably dry. “It was not, and I get why you’re pissed… hell, you should’ve smitten me right then and there,” he chuckles - a desperate need to lift the tension; to get a glimpse of Cas instead of Castiel. “I… what makes it worse is that I pretty much don’t remember anything from the bar and all I can apologize for is what Sam told me.”
And Cas wants to let Dean ignoring his question go. He wants to get lost in the intensity Dean is pulling him towards himself and take the lack of an answer as a ‘yes’ but he can’t. So he lets the hunter finish the kiss before he reluctantly pulls back. “Dean, you can’t keep doing that,” he says gently, a tinge of sadness present in his voice.
“Yeah,” he says on pure instinct alone. He knows Sam doesn’t believe him. He’s being too quiet for Sam to believe him.
Dean’s eyes fall shut and his expression turns pained as he fights with himself. He wants to tell Cas why he needed him to stop. He wants to reassure him that it’s not about him, that it’s not because he doesn’t want to be touched by him. He wants to explain
She’s just started introducing the judges when he hears the familiar flutter of wings, and he looks up and feels his eyes blow wide. Cas has landed right in front of the window and the light streaming in from the setting sun is illuminating him from behind and it… holy
Before Cas can respond Dean is propping himself up a little and catching his lips with his own again. He pulls them lower until his head is back on the pillows and moans into Cas’ mouth. Dean presses his tongue against Cas’ and Cas feels his heart beating up in his throat, a groan escaping his lips.
If he actually did anything right in his life it wouldn’t have been his fault that Cas died. If he wasn’t such a colossal fuck up Cas would still be alive right now.
It takes Dean a moment to respond. “The bruises?” he asks and Cas nods, but Dean gives him a look that makes him realize that his question was rhetorical and that he intends to continue. “I really don’t mind them.” A small smirk starts tugging at the corners of his lips and he leans in until his face is mere inches away from Cas’. “I’m actually kinda into ‘em,” Dean murmurs, his eyes flicking down to Cas’ lips.
“So… when Jack suggested that and told me that the ‘promotion’,” he makes air quotes, “wouldn’t mean I couldn’t come to see you in the future, I didn’t see any harm in agreeing.”
Cas presses a kiss to the outer shell of Dean’s ear, feeling the hunter shiver in his arms. He knows it’s a joke, or… thinks it’s a joke, but he decides to play along. “I might be,” he murmurs into his ear, feeling his own warm breath against Dean’s skin. He plants an open-mouth kiss just below the hunter’s ear, flicking out his tongue against the sensitive skin, and hears a beautiful moan rise from Dean’s lips in response.
“I always carry the one you gave me in my suit,” Cas says without a beat of hesitation, his eyes scanning their surrounding area.
The stupidest fucking thing is that they went over everything. Every book, every paper, every damn fucking piece of lore they had, but there was nothing about how to bring an angel back from the dead. Not without a body.
His hands are clasped in his lap, and he tries to force his attention on them. He’s digging the nails of each hand into the other one and he tries to focus on that pain instead of the way his body is urging him to pace or fidget or, preferably, get the fuck out.
He looks up to see Dean squinting, thinking about something. “Fine,” he says in the end, surprising Cas.
“What? Why?” Cas’ eyebrows drop down into a confused frown. “Don’t you want to test it out before we buy more?”
“Fine,” he relents and uncurls his arms from around the angel’s body. Cas sits up and Dean knows he’s being a little shit when instead of getting up he only watches the angel as he starts picking up his clothes from the floor.
And even if Dean hates to admit it, he is tired. No, scratch that, he’s fucking exhausted. He thought that once they got Cas back he would start sleeping better, but seeing as he’s managed to fuck his relationship with the angel eight ways to Sunday, his sleeping habits have hardly improved. They may have actually even worsened.
you,” he says, pitching his voice low as he advances towards him. He pulls the wide-eyed, blushing angel to his feet and presses a gentle kiss to his lips.
They fall into silence, and while it’s comfortable it’s also a little mournful. Cas thinks about how the boy he sees as his son didn’t get to have the childhood he deserved. That he was forced to grow up so fast solely because he was a Nephilim and then… then whatever semblance of a childhood he might have had with him and the Winchesters was again cut short by him becoming God.
“Or I think he hid them…” Dean frowns, trying to remember where he last saw them. He might have left them somewhere when he was drunk. God, he has no idea.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m- I’m fine. Just… had a flashback,” he says and that’s about as much as he can admit.
He rams his hip into one of the tables as he’s hurrying over to the liquor cabinets and falls to all fours.
Dean comes to himself slowly - slower than he has in a long while. There’s a warm body pressed up against him, each one of the occupant’s breaths tickling his skin lightly. He’s enveloped in the smell of flowers, wet wood, moss, and a bit of ozone.
He sees the angel’s eyes fighting not to look down at his lips, the look in them a little bewildered, and it takes Cas maybe a minute to speak. “Dean?” he asks finally, his voice low and quiet. There are questions hidden behind the simple word:
sometimes get PTSD flashbacks.” He looks over at Cas, seeing his confusion. “A post-traumatic stress disorder flashback,” he clarifies. “It’s when a sound or smell or touch - anything really - transports him into a traumatic memory.” He pauses, waiting for Cas to process his words. “In the really bad ones his eyes would glaze over and he’d stare off into the distance. He could look at you, but he wouldn’t really be seeing
He looks up to see Sam hurrying towards the car and he starts the engine and backs out before he can reach him, ignoring his brother’s desperate yelling after him.
He still looks baffled and he glances over at Dean, who nods reassuringly. The angel brushes his fingers over the car’s steering wheel with respect and adoration before putting the keys into the ignition, starting the engine. The car roars to life under them and Dean can’t help but grin as the angel backs her out of the parking space and sets her to drive.
He hears Dean let out a small puff of air, and he looks back up to see a ghost of a smile playing on his lips. “I bet.” He pauses, seemingly lost in thought. “It’s sometimes really easy to forget he’s only four.”
Dean tips his head to the side on, what looks like, instinct, baring more of his throat, and a chuckle escapes his lips. “Look at you,” he murmurs, resting his hands on Cas’ as the angel continues to plant kisses on his neck. “I pay attention to our new microwave for five minutes and you’re already jealous,” he says and from his tone, it’s obvious he’s grinning even if Cas can’t see it.
Dean’s arm moves from the angel’s shoulder to the small of his back and he presses their bodies even closer, feeling Cas’ growing boner against his. His heart manages to pick up even more pace and he can feel the frantic beating behind his ribs.
“You know, it’s okay if you freak out,” Cas says suddenly, his quiet voice vibrating against Dean’s ear. Dean hums noncommittally, indicating he’s still awake - even if barely. “I don’t have expectations from you… and what you’re offering is already so much more than I had ever hoped for.”
He swallows hard and looks away, feeling more anger bubbling up in him as his mind tries to bury the fear of everything he’s done and everything he might do on pure instinct alone.
Cas’ hand moves up to cup his cheek and Dean didn’t intend to lean into it and yet he does exactly that. He leans into the touch like he’s starved for it and his eyes flutter shut as he tries to etch every detail of this feeling into memory. Because this might very well be the last time he experiences it with him.
“I realized that this is goodbye and you’re going to get taken and—and there’s nothing I can do. It hit me like a train and it was so fucking paralyzing because this was going to be final. There… there was no getting you back, there was no deal I could make… it’s just… you were going to be
He watches as Cas bends down to take off his shoes and socks when his eyes land on Dean’s feet. “Dean, socks,” he says, a hint of amusement in his tone.
Dean feels a bonfire of need erupt in him and he can’t even be mad at it because… Jesus Christ Cas is
He looks up at the seraph to see him just a couple of feet away. His eyes are wide, panicked, and they’re trying to examine Dean’s face for clues. “Are you okay?” His eyebrows drop down into a gentle frown. “Have you been poisoned?” His voice is serious.
“How do you know?” Cas asks, allowing him to change the topic. His eyes follow the young man as he walks briskly through the restaurant.
Sam lets out a tired sigh and Dean’s a hundred percent sure he’s going to argue with him. But then he drops it and Dean wants to thank every god in existence because he most definitely could not stand his ground in an argument right now. His body feels like a forty-year-old corpse that got run over by a bus.
Also, I would justify Dean’s behavior but I’m sure some of you either have first-hand experience or know someone that just does shit they would never do and will definitely the next day when they’re blackout drunk.
In the time they stayed quiet Dean has shifted so he could take Cas properly into his arms and the angel feels them tighten around him, holding him protectively. “It’s okay,” he murmurs into his hair.
An uncomfortable feeling settles in his stomach as he stares at the empty place where Dean’s car is usually parked. Just how angry was Dean - just how much did Cas fuck up - for him to deem it necessary to leave the bunker entirely?
I swear to y'all that when I was writing these chapters I didn't plan on them being dark. But, at the same time, if any of you've lived with mental illness you know it ain't exactly a piece of cake and you can't just turn it off cause you found someone that loves and accepts you.
It doesn’t take long for Cas to notice him looking and he meets his eyes with a smile. “I like it,” he says, seemingly knowing what Dean’s thinking.
The angle at which their necks are craned is awkward as hell but Dean can’t bring himself to care in the slightest because Cas is kissing him.
“Because for you it’s easier to burn the entire bridge at the first sight of a crack or a bump than it is to work through it.” His voice is eerily calm, his gaze so intense, Dean has to look away. “Because you’re so fucking terrified it might shatter beneath you, you try to be the one to end it first in a desperate attempt to not get hurt. But that’s not how relationships
Because that is what this is, isn’t it? Cas asked him to hook up and he’s losing his shit like a horny teenager who’s going to do it for the first time.
Sam starts filling up the shot glasses and he grins up at Cas when they’re all full. The angel takes the first one and he starts kicking them back, not turning the glasses over so Sam can fill them back up again.
“Have you seen Cas?” Dean asks, his voice somehow remaining free of his worry. The question startles Sam, prompting his brother to look over, and Dean doesn’t need to be a genius detective to know he has
Cas looks at him with such a soft look, saying without words that he hasn’t even failed him in the first place. “But then he suddenly appears with you and I felt like I was still dreaming because it was just so surreal, you know? Ten months of nothing and then, bam!” He makes an explosive gesture with his hand, “You’re here and—and I’m sure as hell not letting go. You’re here and I’ve missed you so fucking much and I’m going to hold onto you like my fucking life depends on it,” he breathes out, feeling his tears drop down from his chin onto the table.
Dean’s breaths are coming out fast, his hands shaking in his lap, eyes wide. So much guilt is pooling in his stomach he thinks he might actually throw up. Tears are pricking his eyes and words are falling out of his mouth before he even knows what he’s going to say. “I’m sorry.” His voice is shaking. “I’m so sorry,” his breath hitches in his throat and it turns into a sob.
Dean lets out an annoyed grumble and blinks his eyes open. They’re hungry and very obviously displeased with the interruption.
It’s not, he knows it’s not. His time on the streets was awful and Dean kicking him out was… it… it hurt. Like hell. But he doesn’t blame him. After all, Sam's life was at stake. How could he ever compare with that?
Dean looks away. There’s obviously something on his mind and he’s battling with himself on either whether he should voice his thoughts or
They kiss until his mind calms down and the fear trickles out of his system and then they kiss some more. When he finally pulls back it’s only enough that he can keep his forehead resting against Cas’. He feels light like an insurmountable weight has been lifted off his chest and he can suddenly breathe again. “Thanks for that,” he murmurs, his thumbs stroking Cas’ cheekbones.
He thought his stomach felt awful when he was lying down. Now it’s just plain overwhelming, and he gags as an intense wave of nausea washes over him. “I think I’m gonna be sick,” he breathes out. His heart is pounding in his chest and he covers his mouth with his hand, trying his best to keep the bile at bay.
Dean looks up to see his brother looking exhausted. The anger hasn’t completely left his features, but it did subdue significantly and it’s letting the fact that Sam probably has not slept much during the night come forward.
opens and Cas slips in, he lets out a relieved sigh. He hears the lock click behind the man. “Hey,” Dean says, making his way towards the angel. Cas meets him halfway and then Dean’s cupping his face and pulling him into a kiss.
Cas nods, knowing that his anxiety and stress are taking the better of him and he shouldn’t lash out at Sam like that. It’s not his fault. “You’re right. I apologize.”
” he asks because how can Cas expect him to believe that? How can he expect him to believe that, when the exact reason why he didn’t come see him was fear of being forced to leave? Of rejection?
Something in him breaks and he feels the tears spilling. They’re running down his cheeks and he quickly tries to wipe them away but they don’t stop. He drops his head even lower, his next breath coming out as a quiet sob. His stomach feels like he swallowed a bag of rocks and he thinks he might actually throw up.
“No.” Cas shakes his head. Dean looks at him with such a heated look and it makes Cas want to toss his resolve out the window and give the man whatever he desires. “Dean…” He has to look away or he knows he’s going to give in.
He’s obviously joking, but if Cas has picked up anything about Dean’s kind of humor, it’s that all of his self-deprecating jokes are based on the truth and that they’re also an attempt to get the other person’s mind off the severity of the topic.
His tears are heavy as they run down his cheeks and he drops his head down to hide them from the outside world. A sob racks through his body and he digs his nails into his arms in a piss-poor attempt to ground himself.
Another ten minutes pass before Dean finally settles on one. It’s a… a small box that heats up your food- Cas has no idea what makes it special. It looks like every other microwave Dean has looked at. But he doesn’t ask, knowing that even if he does he will not understand what any of it means and would probably just end up feeling even more confused.
“Sure, you get to watch but I don’t have the same privileges?” he jokes. He hears Cas trip over his words as he tries to push something out and Dean chuckles. “I’m kidding.”
” he smirks, “I’ll leave you to it.” He winks, and Dean can feel even more heat rising to his cheeks. He tries to stutter something out but Sam’s already leaving. His exhausted mind is trying to come up with reasons why he should be panicking about Sam suspecting he was making out with Cas, but he’s too drained to pay attention to any of those thoughts.
" he says in the end, hand dropping. “But this has gotta stop,” he sighs. “I told you I want to get out of the life.”
“She kept looking over at me like I was about to execute her, only to focus back on you,” he continues, hoping Cas hasn’t noticed his inner turmoil. “Why do you think I gave you the lead on that interview?” He asks.
fault. Because all he does - all he’s ever done - is harm those around him - whether it’d be snapping and pushing them away or… or actually, physically harming them.
The lady at the reception desk of the motel they settled on takes a brief look at them before she asks, “A king?”
Sam gives him a brief, tight-lipped smile and prompts Cas to follow him back to his room. “Were you in my room?” he asks, turning to look at Cas as they approach his bedroom, the sounds from the television traveling down the hallway.
The pressure building up in Dean from all the swirling thoughts and raging emotions is becoming too much, and he’s suddenly overwhelmed by a desperate need to punch something. But there’s nothing to punch - not unless he wants to break his knuckles on the wall - and before he can even think about his actions his hand is grabbing the first thing it finds and chucking it across the room at full force. The object hits the wall with a loud crash, and he doesn’t know what it was but it shattered on impact and he’s still just as pissed off -
Dean has been aimlessly wandering around in anger for the past - he thinks - two hours. He is still angry - nowhere near as much as he was, though - and by now he’s fully aware that his anger mainly stems from him being hurt. Because how could Cas
Cas rolls his eyes with a tired sigh. “Would you have preferred I let you go in here alone?” he asks, annoyance dripping from his tone. “What if this
Dean starts unbuttoning Cas’ shirt, his hands struggling with the buttons. His lips leave Cas’, slowly making their way to his now exposed neck. Cas’ head tilts to the side, giving him more access, breathy moans escaping his lips. Dean’s tongue flicks out against the sensitive skin and he feels Cas’ body collapsing against him as his knees give out. But Dean’s there to catch him and he uses his body to press him more firmly against the door to prevent him from falling.
“You’re not broken, Dean,” Cas says softly. “You have your flaws… but we all do. And it doesn’t matter if some therapist deems you…
“Yes,” he breathes out. “Sam says he doesn’t want us falling out because, and I quote, you’re an idiot.”
. He’d be literally transported into the memory and for him, it feels like he’s reliving it all over again,” he says quietly.
Dean’s filling all his senses - he’s all Cas can feel, all he can smell, all he can touch and hear and see, and yet it’s not enough. Yet Cas feels like they’re too far apart, and he wants to be closer.
They stay like that for what feels like forever, with Cas’ quick breaths warm against his lips and his hands clutching onto his shirt like it’s the only thing keeping him upright. Dean licks his lips, trying to urge his body to move and just close the fucking gap.
“Right…” Cas nods slowly but it’s obvious he still doesn’t understand. His eyes look to the side a little like he’s trying to figure something out but then he gives up. He fishes out his phone and shoots a text to Sam.
Sam pauses, an emotion Cas can’t identify appearing in his features. “I hope you never have to witness this but he
He grabs his phone to check the time, seeing, much to his annoyance, that only four minutes have passed since he last checked. He unlocks his phone and finds himself staring at his and Cas’ text conversation from the past two weeks.
“I was actually wondering if you could stay?” he asks. He’s a bit uncomfortable with Cas having seen him have a flashback/panic attack like that, but he also knows that if he doesn’t immediately create good memories with him, his brain will categorize being intimate with the angel as a source of the attacks. And he can’t add Cas to that list. He just can’t. Because then his mind would force him to avoid him and he wouldn’t be able to live through that.
The pain gives him something new to focus on and he lets out a relieved breath as the screaming in his head subdues to a manageable level. Tears are still running down his cheeks and they meet at his chin before dripping down on the wooden floor.
” he grumbles and reluctantly rolls off the angel. His dick is uncomfortably hard in his pants and the fact that Cas’ moans are now permanently etched into his mind is not helping. He pushes himself up into a sitting position and runs a hand through his hair. Hopefully a cold shower will take care of the issue.
Dean looks down at him with blazing eyes, discarding his own shirt and pulling Cas hard against him by his jeans. Their lips connect again but Cas breaks the kiss off after a moment. “Bed. Now,” he commands.
Dean tightens his arms around his angel and buries his face in Cas’ dark hair, sighing contentedly. He can feel the pull of sleep tugging at his consciousness again, and he doesn’t think they have anywhere important to be in the nearest future, so he doesn’t fight it. He lets himself sink deeper and deeper into the cloud, his limbs feeling heavier by each second.
He steps out of the shower and wraps a towel around his dripping body. He quickly collects his clothes and turns back to Dean, his eyes pained. “I’m sorry,” he pauses for a moment, looking away. “I’ll see you back in your room?” He looks back and Dean nods. Cas offers another reassuring smile and with a flutter of wings, he disappears.
He giggles. Floor him. He imagines himself waking up on the floor with a hangover that will floor him and his giggle turns into a laugh. The concept is a lot funnier than it should be but he doesn’t care.
He feels Dean shift against him, the movement cutting through his thoughts. Dean takes a deep breath and lets out the most adorable little happy noise. “How do you smell so good?” he murmurs, his voice thick with sleep.
He hears - and feels - slight shuffling and his heart skips a beat before it starts hammering in his chest when he feels the bed dipping practically next to him. His eyes fly wide open only to see Cas’ face in his space, the angel’s eyes as intensely blue as he remembers them as they bore into his own. He’s paralyzed by his gaze, by the closeness of him, by the way, he can smell Cas’ natural fragrance this up close.
