Steve was saying gently, quickly stripping him of the armor. JARVIS must have warned them, because someone was already returning with a replacement reactor. When Steve pulled out the old one, it was smoking, and Tony could smell the acrid smell of damaged wiring coming from him.
Tony yelled.
he shuddered involuntarily,
Phil turned sharply to look at his boyfriend. How did this woman know about his parents? What kind of shit did she think she was pulling? Either this was far more real than they had been prepared for or their cover was blown anyway. They needed to get out of here. Clint didn’t seem to notice Phil’s look, though. He was too busy staring at the orb, sweating bullets and forgetting to breathe.
Tony sighed.
Tony sighed, and Steve caught the flash of fear before the mask of humour returned.
You don't
Clint couldn’t see a damn thing. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do without his sight. He could shoot at noises, but then he might shoot one of his teammates. It was taking nearly all of his energy to not panic; it had to be a trick from the Mandarin. He couldn’t actually be going blind. That didn’t change the horror of the situation though. What if whatever the Mandarin did was permanent? What good was he if he couldn’t shoot? That’s all he was good for. He listened carefully to see if his teammates needed him, but none of what he heard made sense. The Hulk had turned back into Bruce and he was crying, Tash was talking to herself, and he didn’t hear Steve or Strange at all.
Peter clapped and laughed before a yawn overtook him.
Tony shook his head slightly, almost imperceptible. His lips barely moved as he murmured,
Steve straightened.
Steve huffed. He was too distracted by the sensation of Tony’s hands on him to think clearly.
he screamed, pointing at Strange angrily. Strange went flying backwards, his head hitting the wall. Everyone sprang into action immediately.
Steve grit out. That got Clint to hesitate before throwing another. Steve hadn’t called him Barton in a long time.
p>Realization dawned on his face and Tony shut his eyes. He had been waiting for the day Steve realized what this was actually all about for Tony. He couldn’t say it aloud, so he had had to wait. This was the inevitable conclusion. Now Steve would remember that Tony was actually a mass murderer and be horrified; he’d realize that he couldn’t be with someone like Tony. Tony steeled himself for the blow.
Clint laughed, throwing his clothes to the ground and following Phil into the shower.
Tony bit back an exasperated sigh. Something about Steve’s quiet request told him to be nice. He spun to face the blond, resigning himself to the fact that he’d probably have to finish this project tomorrow.
Tony groaned, but he was still awake.
he said, quickly leading Steve out of the door, deliberately talking over Abram’s protests that that was way too much money, but the sound was cut off as the door shut behind them. Thank God the door had shut because Tony’s babbling had turned to naughty actions performed with whipped cream. Steve was so happy that this was one of the less crowded streets of New York, because he most certainly did not want those quotes ending up in the tabloids.
Steve detected a slight accent, Afghanistan maybe. Was his smile strained? He could just be shy, Steve reminded himself. His therapist had been trying to teach him to be a little less paranoid all the time, one of the first steps to addressing the PTSD. He smiled back, trying to seem as genuine as possible, considering Tony seemed to know and trust this man. He could at least trust Tony.
Tony knocked back the last of the first coffee pot and grabbed a mug. He could drink like the masses for the second.
He sat up, startled.
Tony stuck his tongue out.
Dr. Nicholson eyed him seriously, and Clint just knew the woman had seen him moving around during Tony’s episode or whatever it was called. He nodded, making sure he looked properly scolded.
Tony was laughing and enjoying himself again, previous conversation with the Lieutenant long forgotten. He handed the ring over and the two started gushing about Steve’s taste. Steve was still thinking about the previous conversation, so he was a little startled when the two of them were looking at him expectantly.
When a client asks Jessica Jones to find her missing husband, she thinks it's just another Tuesday. There was no way for her to know her investigation would lead her to a serial killer.
Here's sort of the calm before the storm. We're about to get into the real action of the fic soon, and I can't wait to hear people's thoughts on the upcoming chapters! Writing a large team fighting together is a lot of fun but I don't know if everything actually makes sense. Here's to a calm chapter!
With Tony sitting in a bed in medical, broken leg stretched out in front of him as he leaned against Steve, a medical doctor, Doctor Strange, and Wanda Maximoff were standing in the doorway.
A bank robbery should always be a straightforward 911 call, but no one is behaving like they should. A scarecrow runs around the panicking people, laughing as he easily takes whatever he wants. His pheromones made everyone near him paranoid, and the fear only made him more powerful. Things would have gone smoothly for him, but he hadn't planned for those meddling Avengers and their AI, too.
Steve opened his mouth to respond that maybe they could talk about it tomorrow, Tony sabotaged him without thinking.
Steve had compared himself to Tony, as if that weren’t the most laughable concept Tony had ever heard. Steve’s voice still rang through his head,
She heard the man continue, and enough dirt must be on top of her by now that it covered the box completely, for she no longer heard the dirt hitting.  There was no holding back the instinctual panic that overtook her. Her lungs burned for air but the air around her was useless.
Tony grimaced.
Phil came to the rescue.
Bruce supplied when Steve shrugged.
Tony said, settling back into bed. They were there not 20 minutes before the alarm sounded.
Tony tapped the end call button with absolutely no guilt. He was in a bout of insomnia anyway, so he wouldn’t be sleeping, and he never got to go on long drives anymore. What was the point of having his amazing car collection if he didn’t get to drive them? A night alone on empty highways was peaceful.
he ground out. Looked like the wound in his side was the biggest blood loss, and there were thankfully only two others. One clean through and through shot in his right bicep, which was impressive because that meant two separate layers of the armour hadn’t even slowed down the bullet. The other wound was in his left calf.
Clint supplied.
she managed before breaking into a coughing fit. She spat blood with each cough and she fell off the chair with the force of the fit. Thor lunged forward and caught her, holding her carefully in his lap.
his voice was muffled.
Tony startled at JARVIS’ voice coming out of the Stark Tablet to his left. His heart rate picked up accordingly, and immediately started calming back down as Tony remembered programming that tablet for Steve as a precautionary protocol.
he assured.
the doctor continued sadly.
His voice broke. Standing in the entryway but not turning back, he spoke quietly,
Clint sighed. He started lathering up a soapy washcloth and washing Phil’s back while Phil shampooed Clint’s hair.
Steve asked quietly. Bruce looked up, but it was clear that Steve’s question hadn’t made sense to him.
an episode of
Thor started swinging his hammer to gain momentum, staring the cowardly magician down. The magician smiled and he couldn't wait to wipe the grin off that face but a voice stopped him.
Phil came home from a long day on the helicarrier and greeted Clint by shoving the piece of paper in his face saying,
He began walking back to the group, meeting Tony’s amused expression equally.
he called into the bathroom.
Pepper stood.
Steve sighed.
he licked his lips absently.
Tony asked. In the better lighting of not the floor, Strange looked as tired as Tony felt. He needed a shave, and his hair was even messy. Always perfectly coiffed hair and immaculate appearance, Strange seemed like a different person like this.
He shrugged. There were so many scars over the years, it wasn’t really possible to keep track.
he asked drily. If one thing could stop Sir from hurting himself, it was the Captain.
There was a mad glint to the man’s eyes. The guard holding him began dragging him away so they could question him in private. Pepper was approaching from the other direction with medics on either side of her.
Ah, there his voice was coming back a little stronger.
He rubbed the back of his head sheepishly.
Steve felt the dopey smile on his face. Tony was so cute, whether he was making calculations at a mile a minute or completely out of it.
he gave a sort of half laugh.
He turned, and seeing Tony, his heart sank. His lover was on his knees and his faceplate lifted. It looked like Tony couldn’t breathe, his mouth gaping and his expression pained. He clutched at his chest as he fell to the ground. Steve didn’t even register that he was running until he was next to Tony, shaking him and yelling.
Clint asked when the doctor had closed the door.
Vampires were superior. They were stronger, faster, lived longer, and could learn far more than humans if only because of there prolonged lifespans. The top of the food chain was a vampire, and he ruled them all. Why would he ever want to return to the sad state of a mortal man, too caught up and puny conflicts and violence to recognize the overall pointlessness of his murders and impailings. No, if he allowed Tony Stark to live with this vampire cure knowledge, he’d be failing in his duty to his entire race.
He inhaled sharply. Underneath the photo it said that this man was the leader of the still powerful Ten Rings, and that he had a bounty placed for Tony Stark to be brought to him alive to
Bruce cursed himself inwardly for assuming someone had already explained the situation. Of course they hadn’t, Tony had only been home for one night, and that night had consisted of him getting drunk alone in the lab.
Clint decided halfway through their late morning meal. It was nice to have no schedule to keep, and he was actually shocked that Tony had come up with the idea given this was usually his crazy work month. Whatever was motivating the change, Clint enjoyed a less manic Tony. The genius could get too high strung.
A knot of dread was forming in his gut. Something was off. Frank knew he could trust his instincts, and they were screaming at him that Maria was in danger.
Tony was the only one that knew. Bruce didn’t open up much, and had only shared small snippets with Tony in the strange twilight hours of long nights together in the lab. They came when the two were heavily sleep deprived, and usually after Tony had revealed something painful about his own childhood. Tony was deeply honoured to be in Bruce’s trust, but he still didn’t feel like he knew as much about Bruce as Bruce did about him.
Oops. Tony had thought is was only three or four in the afternoon. It was a little too easy to lose track of time down here. Maybe he should start having JARVIS remind him of the time every few hours.
Bruce wasn’t Hulk, so Tony must still be alive. There’s no way he’d still be himself if Tony was dead. Steve had to remind himself of that. The doctor cleared her throat.
Clint let his anger out, now that he knew Tony wasn’t dying or something.
he looked off into the distance as though he were somewhere else.
As sad as Bruce was to see Tony like this, he was so fucking
Steve was reeling. How many things had Tony kept from them? Had he been time travelling and fighting legends this whole time when no one was looking? Had this been before they all met and Tony never felt the need to say? Did Tony truly just not remember it? But he had clearly recognized the sorceress in their kitchen.
Tony shook his head, confused. He had had these thoughts swirling in his head for so long, being ingrained as fact with no one refuting them. He had never thought hard enough about this to notice the flaws in his logic.
Strange looked surprised at that.
What was happening?
Strange took a cup, breathing in the smell of masala chai blend.
Much to Tony’s discomfort, Dr. Strange made himself comfortable, sitting down in mid-air as though a chair existed there. His cloak billowed slightly behind him despite the air being still. Screw the laws of physics whenever Strange was around. He had his hands clasped in front of his face for a moment, looking deep in thought. He dropped them to his lap before continuing.
Tony clicked on another blurry video of the supposed cryptid.
Happy had picked Tony up from the hospital or SHIELD medical too many times to not know about Tony’s illogical need for a greasy cheeseburger after an injury. Unfortunately, Captain stick-up-his-butt always had to ruin the fun.
When Tony woke, it was to the sound of Phil arguing on the phone.
Everyone gave a terse check, ready to get this over with. Other than Clint and Natasha, nobody was used to missions like this. They were much more comfortable fighting giant monsters in the open than sneaking around in the dark. The sooner they were done with this the better. Plus Tony didn’t like the sound of this alien tech or whatever it was, not if the Mandarin was involved. They could be magic. Magic is the worst.
Bruce admitted quietly.
So Tony would survive because Wanda Maximoff had declared it so. Stephen Strange used more magic than he was prepared to in order to save a close friend, and both sorcerers would sleep for the next three days, recovering. With the magic removed, Tony’s nanobots could help hold his bones together while they began healing, instead of him needing metal rods everywhere. Steve was made fun of for months for fainting when he hadn’t even done anything, but secretly they all just needed something to laugh about to mitigate the shock of the situation.
Tony sighed.
It said.
Clint begged, and that made Steve feel bad. Clint looked pained. This was all just so frustrating. Why couldn’t Tony trust his own lover?
the voice rumbled with Dracula’s natural tone as well as the whispers of his minions all around the castle chamber.
The plan seemed to work, both to Tony’s delight and dismay. The Hulk let out a furious roar that vibrated Tony’s bones before taking off towards him, and consequently, the door. Tony turned and kicked on his boots, escaping the green beast’s grasp not a moment too soon. He aimed a nice medium repulsor blast at the wall to escape through. No time for opening doors.
See what I did there? Strange? I find myself way too funny. Anyway, rescue mission, thank goodness. Poor Tony can only handle so much. I love hurting him I'm terrible.
When they walked into the waiting area, Bruce looked up in surprise. He hadn’t been sitting here that long had he?
She could see the mischief in his eyes, and Steve was blushing as though Tony embarrassed him.
The door to the lab slammed open and Darcy jumped. Thor was standing there in his full battle armour and the look on his face was terrifying.
Tony wasn’t prepared for the stranger looking back at him. Did he really look like that? His skin had a sickly grey to it, and he looked like he might faint at any moment. Okay, maybe they had a point.
The plan started to form itself, and Dracula smiled, sitting down on his throne. He would get his revenge and the Captain’s blood in one swoop. Steven Rogers’ mistake was in allowing the world to see his weakness. Kidnapping his precious lover would surely bring the Captain America to him willingly. And nothing would stop him from killing Tony anyway after the supersoldier gave himself up. They could die together, how romantic. The small chuckle grew into a hearty evil laugh that echoed through the halls.
It hurt Steve, the way Tony sounded so casual about that. His tone gave no inkling of sarcasm or that he had the notion that there was something wrong with that.
She looked awkwardly between the three of them.
laughter audible in Steve’s tone.
Tony put on his best puppy dog face, hoping Steve could find some understanding in the steel resolve.
the voice begged. Who was that? It sounded weird. Like lots of voices. Tony thought of the Delightful Children from Down the Lane. He should maybe watch less cartoons. The person was shaking him harder.
The priestess threw her head back, cackling.
the voice played over the opening before Steve turned the TV off without warning.
They were both outright laughing now, and hugged Peter between them.
Clint sang happily. He left the room shouting
Phil assured him. They all knew how Steve felt. Phil felt similarly faint with relief.
Stephen Strange was standing in the common room waiting for the team to assemble three hours later. His hands were clasped behind his back. Clint was pretty sure the man was glowing, but that could also be his eyes playing tricks. He needed sleep.
Strange stood, easily taking over the focus of the room. His appearance blurred and shifted into his usual clothing, and Clint couldn’t help but think he was just showing off.
Bruce said, standing. He knew Steve would feel obligated to do the dishes if someone else didn’t volunteer first, even though he had been the one to cook all the food. The tired and worried men gave him relieved smiles, and hurried off to shower and leave.
The idea had come to Tony in a dream, paradoxically. What if there was a drug that could keep you awake like a stimulant, but long term? Think about how much more time there’d be in a day to get things done! Human productivity, specifically his because most people liked sleeping for some reason, could skyrocket! ‘But, Mr. Stark, what about the negative side effects of sleep deprivation?’ one might ask. Well he had answers for that! Really, they didn’t call him a genius. Granted, running simulations to try and prepare for every scenario, it took Tony over two years to get the formulas down to only two alternating injections. And no, it didn’t work forever, that still killed the simulated people, but he could get people healthily staying awake for three to four months at a time with this! If it worked. Ideally, Tony would rather a one time administration with everything, but it was just too many chemical interactions. So this prototype had two, and he could take one every morning and alternate them.
Tony’s mouth twitched as he watched his brilliant son expertly diffuse a situation. How had he gotten lucky enough to meet a kid like this, and for the kid to choose him as a father?
Clint looked up, a predatory look on his face.
The wound in Tony’s side was bleeding fast, but he couldn’t pay any attention to putting pressure on it when at random, the damaged reactor with a bullet wedged in it was sparking, sending painful shocks through him. He arched painfully as his body seized through another shock. His hands were shaking too violently to be of any use as he tried to get the reactor out.
Bruce forced Steve to look into his eyes. Steve saw the worry there and willed himself to speak.
he croaked.
Clint tensed when Stephen touched his head and he had to actively relax. They met eyes and Clint nodded in response to the questioning look there.
He pulled Steve’s hands to his lips, kissing the knuckles.
was all he could say.
She cursed? It sounded to Tony like the tone someone usually used when saying a curse word, so he could only assume it was a word that had no english translation.
he whispered before turning away. When the door was shut behind him, he called out softly.
Steve asked.
Tony thought. Hopefully the others would be there any minute, or he was dead meat. He aimed a small missile at the back of Hulk’s head, and the minor explosion predictably did no damage, but sufficiently distracted him from the lab again.
Mephisto, in contrast, was looking at the god thoughtfully.
Thankfully, he did.
Tony snuggled into his man’s lap, placing a kiss on his temple.
The Mandarin laughed outright at this.
Peter shook his head.
He screamed. She caught the shovel easily where he had aimed for her head. He gaped at her, surprised, and she smirked as she crumpled the metal with her hand.
Steve hesitated. The irony of the situation must have actually blown past him until Tony pointed it out.
He searched Clint’s face for a sign that the man had understood what he said. Clint’s eyes were glassy, but he nodded firmly. He knew what Tony meant. The scream would haunt them all.
Phil wrapped his arm around Clint as they walked out together. Steve knew they both understood seeing their lover nearly die all too well. Clint had had to actually deal with Phil’s death. That had been horrific.
Tony wiped a tear from his eyes, still laughing.
Steve wore a maroon vest with a black tux, and his bow tie matched the vest. The best part, in Tony’s opinion, was the gold glittery shimmer that was over the whole tux set. Tony wasn’t sure how his designer friend, Janet Van Dyne, had done it, but it looked like someone had very lightly sprayed the whole thing with gold glitter spray paint. Steve’s mask was an arc-reactor blue, as he called it, feathered along one side with gold feathers. Tony’s was a phantom of the opera half face style white, with a red and blue gradient of tiny, sparkly stars along the outer edge. Together they looked simultaneously gorgeous and ridiculous.
she said softly.
Clint and Tony shared a room. Clint had lost a decent amount of blood, and while Tony’s repulsor blast cauterization had saved his life, it left a very nasty burn scar surrounding the wound, the stitched shut gash luckily not needing a skin-graft. Tony was lucky if he avoided cardiac damage, which at this point, he might just have to invent a mechanical heart or something. The two of them were stable and asleep, the only sounds in the room their soft breathing and medical machines.
He scrunched up his nose.
With that, she took the already filled out discharge papers from Agent’s hands (maybe he wasn’t a complete traitor) and looked them over.
Clint knelt down beside him, doing a cursory once over.
Steve joined the dark side.
Tony burst out laughing when Steve blushed, looking at his son, horrified.
When she stepped out of her dressing room, she found the guard with his eyes closed with a small smile tugging at his lips. As the echoes of her voice were still dying away, Maria fought the temptation to laugh.
Thor said, and his tone brooked no argument, so Phil only nodded in agreement. SHIELD really had no way of controlling Thor, so they just don't try.
She shook him violently with each word, probably because he had started to black out again, not because he was a sadist.
Clint groaned.
Pure hurt/comfort with semi-graphic torture. Torturing Tony is a favourite pastime of mine, so this prompt I had to restrain myself from drawing it out forever. I promise it's only out of my vast love for Tony. Yes, it does suck to be loved by me. There's comfort in the end and a pinch of fluff with Steve. Love can mitigate any pain.
Clint responded, leaning on the wall beside him.
Tony slumped in defeat, accepting that they were going to talk about this. Bruce never fell for his distraction tactics unless he was just humoring Tony.
The room felt like it was spinning as Steve stood up with him.
Tony quirked his mouth sideways, unhappy.
It was no secret that Bruce was a bit snugly and clingy after hulking out.
The elevator moved quickly, and Tony stepped off just as JARVIS told the team that the zombie was officially on the move. It’s probably best not to use the elevator again after this, because if he did happen to get caught in the elevator with Bruce on the other side when the door opened, it would be very difficult to escape. That was a good strategy for later, though, if he did end up on the zombie’s side.
Steve needed to get to the bottom of this now. If Dracula was involved, this could get serious quickly. He had always been grateful not to be on the vampires’ bad side, even if he wasn’t quite on their good side (if they had one).
When Phil got to the room, he stopped in the doorway to take in the scene. Steve had settled into a chair beside Tony on the outside of the bed, and another chair waited for Phil on the opposite side of the room. He looked at Clint first, the majority of his abdomen covered in bandages, he was more obviously injured. Looking at Tony, one could fool themself into thinking he was fine, except the man was hooked up to far more wires and monitors mixed in with the matching IV and tubes that Clint had. They both had visible bags under their eyes, but were deep asleep.
Tony was just making this up as he went along. Obviously this guy harbored deep loathing for him, so he had to tread carefully. He was too powerful to push too far, or Tony’d be dead in a heartbeat. Tony really wasn’t a fan of being tortured, but unless the Mandarin gets distracted, that may be the only thing Tony can expect until Steve shows up. At least he knows Steve will come, he always comes.
Thor snapped.
Bruce waved his greetings, heading straight for the tea. The group sat in companionable silence while Steve made his feast. Bruce liked to read the newspaper in the mornings. Tony kept trying to explain that a physical paper was a waste and called printing presses obsolete, but Bruce liked the feel of it. He could control the pace with which he absorbed the news instead of feel overwhelmed by the fast talking reporters on TV. Plus he liked the crosswords.
The unmistakable sound of the flex cage bounding around someone was loud enough through the wall and Tony held his breath. All that accompanied the sound was a muffled
Tony said, shaking him awake. He felt warm to the touch.
Wade reached out and snatched away the costume goggles so he could really look at his friend.
Warnings for self-loathing and alcohol.
Everyone was sniffling at this point. How could they not? Peter stood there, clueless to how much they were all admiring him.
Steve chuckled. He could understand the sentiment.
the genius exclaimed in panic.
Tony had felt like he knew him better than that. They talked all the time, ever since that day that Tony had stumbled in wasted, embarrassing himself. Abram had let him sit there with coffee and desserts for hours, rambling in slurred speech about this perfect guy who would never love him. He didn’t even know the children’s names, nor had he actually met them.
he thought with a smirk.
Clint met him halfway and hugged him, allowing Phil to rub his shoulders for a second. He needed Phil so much right now but here wasn't the time or place.
His charge for the night was singing softly as she did her hair. The voice floated out into the hall and echoed strangely around Frank, giving it an uncanny, yet ethereal quality. It was mesmerizing, and Frank felt himself smiling softly as he listened, in a way he probably hadn’t since before the war. Soldiers didn’t come back the same. He had been warned about it before enlisting, and thought he understood what they meant. He hadn’t. Frank had difficulty finding anything that made him happy anymore, anything that was distracting enough to quiet the running battle tactics and imagined threats in his mind, anything to take away the nightmares… This woman’s voice, however, seemed to wash over him, and quiet his mind, and this was only her half-hearted warm up singing, not the real deal. He found himself surprisingly excited to hear the show.
JARVIS sounded like he was waiting for something to click.
Tony pulled his hand away from his arm and investigated in the dawn light shining into the cave. He could see two smears on his hand that had clearly been spiders, and they had both bitten him before they died.
Steve let go of Tony’s shoulders, glancing around. A spent syringe lie on the metal tray a few feet away. He shoved it in his pocket before moving back to Tony’s side. He hoped it wasn’t poison. Tony had screwed his eyes shut and was whimpering brokenly between shallow gasps. Steve left the tool inside the genius, knowing it was helping staunch the blood flow, and scooped up Tony bridal style. The smaller man looked so fragile, clutching to Steve’s shirt with trembling hands. Steve was a lifeline.
Tony sat up suddenly, and he looked like Steve had just told him everyone was dead.
Natasha asked. This was either the work of someone with cloaking capabilities, someone who could shrink like Ant-Man, or magic. The first two should be detected by JARVIS. The last would mean they should call Doctor Strange and Scarlet Witch immediately.
Thor looked like Scooby-Doo being offered a Scooby Snack.
The king sounded casually conversational. Tony heard him take a seat somewhere behind him, and he couldn’t get the right angle to see.
in a spooky story. It's fun, so look it up if you've got the time.
Loki smiled, amused.
Steve chuckled. His elation had rid him of all his usual shyness. Tony had said yes!
Tony laughed.
JARVIS tried desperately. They had been arguing about this for twenty minutes now, and he was getting the sneaking suspicion that Sir was only humouring him.
JARVIS sounded as afraid as a program could.
He gave a firm nod, then sat back down. When had the night become this serious? Peter’s words surprised a small gasp from Steve. He had to clear his throat, decidedly not contributing more to tonight’s tears.
Tony leaned into the touch. Every muscle in his body ached, and he was starving and exhausted.
Tony had been standing at the end of a hall, a knife in his chest, blood oozing out of the wound. He said,
Steve slumped into his chair, feeling suddenly exhausted.
The real plan, as Tony was calling it in his head, was much more complicated. Tony had started planning it in April. It hinged entirely on how observant Clint was. Tony knew the man was acutely aware of even the most useless details of his everyday life the same way Natasha and Phil were. He figured it must be a habit one picks up at SHIELD. So back six months ago, Tony began making sure the tower was only stocked with the same toothpaste brand every time. If someone went shopping on their own and bought the wrong brand, Tony replaced it with the correct one.
Steve didn’t really understand what a proxy server was, but didn’t care to question it. JARVIS had said he had information, hopefully from the battle.
Tony could see why the email had made it past his security department. Everything was worded in such a way that there was no outright ‘I’ll get you’ or ‘you’re gonna die’ kind of message. The subject and message both were polite.
He pointed. Steve followed the line of sight before he spotted the small cave opening in a cliffside nearby. Steve hadn’t noticed that the land had such sharp rises in elevation from the treetops, the leaves had just sort of blurred together so everything looked pretty level. Their path to the river had been at a slight decline, and Steve guessed that if they had been just a bit further east they would have ended up climbing a hill to a dead end.
Steve took in a long breath, held it until his chest ached with it, then let it out in a burst.
When the man didn’t seem to hear him,
His arms were crossed.
Distantly he heard JARVIS’ panicked voice,
Steve and Bruce shrugged at each other before trailing after Tony. The man flung himself onto the couch glaring at the ceiling.
Genius or no, it wasn’t a surprise that Steve was one of the last two standing. Natasha wasn’t really a surprise. The two of them were probably the best tacticians, and they were both genetically enhanced. Tony had nearly gotten Steve once, but Steve managed to slide away from him, and Tony hoped the resulting rug burn was worth it, because the infinitesimal space between his fingertips and Steve’s skin made him feel like he might somehow go Hulk. In that moment of shock after Steve got away, laughing as he ran, Tony finally understood what children saw in these games. They were so exciting! Maybe more adults should keep playing childhood games. It would certainly be nice for other adults like him, who never got to have a childhood.
Steve whispered, watching the enchanted mirror Loki had given him. It felt unreal, watching Tony suffer like that for no reason at all. It was impossible to even tell what she was doing to the man, only that he was in agony. There were five hours left of the 24 hours Mephisto had given himself. That meant Tony had only been in Hell for a little over 20 hours, but he looked like he had been there for a week. Loki hadn’t been able to explain how the magic or Hell itself would affect Tony, so they could only pray there was no permanent damage.
Tony didn’t have the chance to prepare himself before all he heard were his own screams. The pain was everywhere, no apparent source or focal point because fucking
Natasha sometimes tried to imagine what the relationship was like between a scientist and a god. The idea just seemed so alien. The two seemed to both be obsessed with other worlds or realms, so she supposed that could be what they shared most. But can a human really understand a centuries old warrior-king?
Steve was sweating himself when the city finally came into view, the trees becoming less dense very suddenly.
Tony grunted in surprise when the vampire gripped his face, hard, forcing Tony to look directly into the camera. He held him there while he continued, the long sharp nails drawing blood from Tony’s cheeks.
Slamming the man onto the same nearby table where he hat set the tray, Steve sent several glasses flying off the table or rolling and smashing loudly on the ground. A woman somewhere screamed.
feel faint because Cap praised him for a plan. Nope.
Phil asked.
Tony said, but he didn’t try to move out of Steve’s arms, so Steve wasn’t going to stop.
Tony promptly threw up onto the ground beside him.
If it did get worse, well, lesson learned, right?
Tony’s voice was monotone. He was sick of this already, how long would he be here? Maybe he’d get lucky and pass out.
Clint’s voice was pained, but it meant he was still awake so small victories.
he tried changing tactics.
They had circled the table enough that now Bruce was in front of one of the two doors, and Tony was in front of the other but with the table in between.
but here's where the TW about alcoholism and depression come into play. If reading other people dealing with a relapse or addiction issues is triggering, please skip this chapter. Be safe, kiddos!
Tony murmured. He was practically purring while Steve played with his hair. He could allow himself a little more time in Steve’s arms before he got back to work. With all the time he was saving by not sleeping, Tony was actually ahead of schedule with his work for once in his life.
He asked.
Steve pressed his index finger to the screen, aware that everyone had stopped talking to watch.
the doctor asked.
Steve sighed heavily.
Tony grit his teeth against the angry responses in his head. Antagonizing his captor would likely only quicken his death and perhaps make it more painful. A bat flew over his head carrying a flash drive, presumably with the footage they had just made. He was depending entirely on Steve telling the other Avengers. Because if Steve came alone, they were doomed. If Tony could control the outcome, he’d rather have Steve just not come at all. Dracula would probably kill him rather than leave him alive to get revenge. Steve would be the naive kind of person who would believe Dracula that he’d be sparing Tony. Of course, he already knew that the vampire had no plans of letting him live.
Tony wasn’t sure if that would make sense at all. It did to him, but he recognized that he was delirious and probably would lose consciousness soon. He huffed out another laugh that turned into a cry of pain. That wave of pain made his vision white out for a moment.
Tony knew all about Natasha’s background at this point. He still trusted her with his life, she was a good person; she did what she had to.
Clint sighed as he slipped into bed.
He fidgeted, not sitting down.
The Avengers wait for Tony to wake up. Pepper is so tired of Steve and Tony's shit. Poor Pepper, Rhodes and JARVIS, the Tony crew that aren't even there during battles to protect him. Nobody even calls them until something's wrong. Loving Tony can be very tiring.
he wasn’t sure what to say, only that he had to make Tony feel better.
That only seemed to encourage her, and suddenly everything grew worse. Tony screamed, or tried to, but his voice was barely there anymore.
Natasha asked, leaning forward on her elbows.
Sometimes, Tony just got these ideas. "We’ll each tell you a story about our childhood fears. That way,” he glanced around the room, and his eyes told them there was no getting out of this, “Peter doesn’t grow up thinking he shouldn’t talk about his feelings like some of us did.”
Tony only motioned for him to continue, settling onto his work bench.
Steve chuckled.
That was when the staggered pitter patter of dirt on the coffin above her began. Great, she was already in the ground. She was being buried alive. Krupp’s voice startled her, and she hit her forehead on the surface above her again.
he managed to get out in a tumble of words. In that moment, Strange reappeared.
MODOK laughed.
Strange looked around at the others.
He quickly wet a washcloth from the bathroom and laid it on Steve’s forehead. He sighed deeply and pulled Tony down next to him.
Tony was actually blushing a little. He very rarely blushed. His olive italian complexion made it harder to show than Steve’s pale irish white, but he also didn’t have much shame anyway.
He swept the holograms down and they disappeared. Now he could see Steve properly.
Tony let out a sigh.
When Steve proposes to Tony, some of the homophobic Captain America fans come out of the woodwork with a lot to say. People do dangerous things when they fear what they don't understand, and apparently two men in love is just too spooky for them.
She asked.
Steve lifted his head. His eyes were red.
he grumbled.
The sparking sound behind him was the world spiting him.
Nothing. Tony wanted to pull his hair out. He didn’t even hear an ‘ew’! Not a single reaction out of his victim. Right, there was no choice but to investigate what had gone wrong. At least the pie plan would still happen next week. There was time to come up with more schemes before time was up. Tony crept around the corner, peering into the library. From the doorway, he could see Clint’s feet with his stupid purple socks, but not the rest of his prone body. The room was silent. Tony jumped into the room, maybe he’d get lucky and startle Clint himself.
The rest of Tony’s obvious scars were ones Clint knew about, things that had happened since the Avengers Initiative began.There were other smaller ones, but they might as well be invisible next to the chest piece. Clint realized he had been staring, and looked up to see Tony watching him nervously.
She considered crushing the devices, but decided she’d rather sit through the pain of listening to the creep than be left completely alone down here. The voice was disturbingly comforting when you were alone in the dark underground. Like the Digger was somehow accompanying her to her death. The story was also comfortingly familiar… Was this Poe? Jessica sighed, holding her panic at bay by willpower alone. Maybe a miracle would happen.
Tony spat angrily.
Tony turned to see the source of light, and was happy to see Steve standing their. He recognized the flashlight for the makeshift warning system it was. THANKS, he signed, ‘for not sneaking up on me.’ He motioned for Steve to come see what he was doing.
He silently ticked through the possibilities in his head: irreparably damaged cardiac tissue, hypoxic brain damage, mitral regurgitation, atrial fibrillation…
he tried, before grabbing his throat in frustration. Tony jerked in surprise when he saw Thor’s sudden movement in his periphery. The god threw a glass at the ground, where it shattered at Tony’s feet. Only, there was no sound to the shatter. It at least verified that something more than Tony’s voice being gone was going on. Had Tony suddenly gone deaf?
With the others gathered around, and Clint now awake and nursing a headache, they waited for Thor.
warnings for discussion of hearing-loss
Dr. Stein laughed, obviously not offended.
Tony continued to laugh through the entire affair. Steve thought he enjoyed it a little too much.
They came upon a small clearing that seemed as good a spot as any and wordlessly agreed to set up camp. That finished, Clint’s stomach decided it was the perfect time to rumble.
Tony spun on his heel, striding for the only door. It was time for a different approach.
Luckily, Tony was able to stand in the shower while Clint scrubbed him, and held himself steady against the wall. He followed Clint’s commands silently, looking more and more exhausted by the second. When Clint finally got him into bed, he curled up into a tight ball and groaned.
Steve could hear the asshole’s laughter from the other side of the portal as it shut behind them. Loki had been up to mischief as usual, but when Iron Man ended the battle too quickly for his liking, he got angry.
They both took off in opposite directions in a rush, Clint with his bow, and Tony to gather wood. Clint may be a perfect shot, but he was crazy if he thought he’d win this one. He had to find an animal, kill it, lug it back, skin it, and butcher it. All Tony had to do was gather wood, use some rocks to border a pit, and get some tinder. It’d be a piece of cake.
Fury took a moment to look around the conference room at each individual,
Iron Man’s speakers turned up to catch the Hulk’s attention.
Dr. Stein asked as she walked in, Bruce tailing behind her.
When Tony came to, it was to the sound of card shuffling. His eyelids felt like they were glued shut, and he had to raise his hands to wipe away the crust. The room was thankfully dim, only about half of the lights on. Other than the familiar ache of sleeping too long, he felt generally alright, just tired. What was the last thing he remembered? Oh!
Steve chuckled.
Shall we ever see another.
was all he managed.
Bruce turned to look at him, seeming to catch on.
He looked up at the two of them, motioning for them to sit. Clint sat heavily into his chair. Strange remained standing. He gave Fury a look and Fury balked.
Also, this feels rushed and stinted to me, but there's still 26 days to go, so I'm trying :)
Steve’s heart ached as he read the words, because he hadn’t protected Tony. He had failed miserably.
he officially ended the meeting, before storming out of the room.
Steve danced around him, trying to find an opening.
she yelled into the chaos. The previous mix of yells, screams, crashes, laughter, and pounding music of Tony’s Halloween party was replaced by a deafening silence.  Wanda dropped the hands that she had been digging into her eyes and looked around the room. Everyone gaped at her, words caught in their throat. She was usually such a quiet spectator at their get togethers, that her outburst was a shock to even JARVIS, apparently.
The rest didn’t need said. They didn’t make it.
Amora allowed herself to grin. It was time she finally got what she wanted.
Maria had warned Tony when he was only seven. Without any explanation for her words,  his mother had turned out the lights and locked his door for the night. He was left alone to decipher the meaning.
At least camping is fun, and Steve has a good singing voice.
The Avengers were having an average breakfast when she appeared. Tony was staring ahead, not really awake, while he sipped his coffee, with Thor across from him. A woman with long dark hair and green eyes appeared silently behind the god, a faint purple aura around her. Clint noticed her first, but she only had eyes for Tony.
Tony stood up, and his legs were stiff. He could use the walk.
he murmured, head down. He had almost certainly ruined the party, and had definitely embarrassed Tony in front of the business world.
he asked miserably. Tony was going to die and he had just saved New York
Tony stammered, already learning to fear this woman.
He wasn't sure Tony was going to make it but he would try his damndest. Tony was an old friend and seeing him like this was rough, especially when it was because of a scumbag like the Mandarin. He gently told Tony that he was going to be alright while he did a quick internal check, magic running through his hands, over and through Tony's body, and back into himself. He hoped to all the Gods that he wasn't lying. Tony's lungs were collapsed and he was a wreck internally, and he had lost a lot of blood. On top of that he had burns all over.
Bruce was left standing next to the couch, alone. Someone should tell the others Tony’s thoughts. The team parents had clearly not thought about letting them know they had a lead. It was a testament to how tired they were; Steve always thought of everyone. Bruce could empathize, he needed a nap too. He headed towards the gym. Nat and Clint had mentioned sparring earlier, and Phil always pretended to do his paperwork in the gym while Clint sparred. He fooled no one. They all knew he was just watching Clint. Bruce imagined those two probably used to be as bad as Steve and Tony back when they first met, but the two SHIELD agents had been in a relationship for several years. The honeymoon period was long over.
the Detective from earlier shouted. Jessica wasn’t so sure it would work since he was powered.
That was the only warning they got before things quickly went to hell.
Tony unscrewed the flask, thought better of it, and screwed it shut again.
he was saying, just as the Sorcerer Supreme reappeared in the room. Wanda and Doctor Strange both narrowed their eyes at him.
She pulled over the chair Steve had been using before, sitting directly in front of him.
He narrowly dodged the swipe of Hulk’s hand attempting to swat at him like a fly. Taking to the air, Tony circled his
The searing pain in his right side came with no warning. Clint had lost track of his 6 o’clock, it was a rookie mistake. He was just so tired. He couldn’t really hear anything over a shocked ringing in his ears, and he had already crumpled to the ground. He tried to stop the bleeding from the new gaping wound in his side, but there was too much.
the questions spilled out of his mouth, the words barely making it out in full before the next word came tumbling out. Steve had had the questions running circles in his head all night after all.
Natasha added, the teasing evident in her tone.
He stood, hands on his hips.
The god was miffed. The Loki-as-a-scapegoat routine was getting old. He hadn’t antagonized them in any really threatening way in a long time, merely silly pranks.
Steve asked in wonder as they headed out for the limo, already assaulted by paparazzi. The security detail for the Avengers was being handled by SHIELD and SI together given the amount of super-powered enemies they had all acquired over the years. Tony had the bracelets to call the suit if needed, Steve had the shield waiting at the gala in a closet, Clint had his foldable bow with arrows stored next to Steve’s shield, Thor was always able to call Mjolnir, and Phil and Natasha were strapped with handguns and knives.
Tony shook his head decisively.
Dr. Stein smiled.
The sight made Tony look so small. The anger bled out of Clint, leaving behind exhaustion and pity. He sighed, setting about to rekindle the flames. When he settled down on the other side of the fire, Tony still hadn’t looked away from the flames.
The responding glare he got before Clint hit him with a pillow was well worth it.
He hung up. The fact that JARVIS knew Tony would be at the hospital without Steve even saying he was hurt told Steve far more than any explanation could’ve. Whatever Tony had been doing to himself, it was dangerous enough that JARVIS was only allowed to tell someone if Tony’s life was at stake. This wasn’t the first time Tony had kept similar secrets. He clenched his fists. The mixture of helplessness, terror, and cold anger was nauseating.
Jane’s exasperated voice came from the back of the lab, behind a giant pile of books. Thor had reached the table before Darcy could explain though, and he flung all of the books to the side with one hand. They clattered to the ground loudly in a giant mess, and Jane yelped in surprise. When she realized who it was, her expression turned to irritation.
Alphonzo never saw him coming. Castle got his revenge with each piercing scream that no one else could hear. Every broken bone and every removed fingernail gave him a perverse satisfaction that didn’t come close to the joy his family had brought him, but it was better than the cold and lonely despair. When his family’s murderer was no longer breathing, Frank felt no remorse, though he knew Maria would have been horrified by him. It didn’t much matter what Maria saw in him anymore, did it? She was gone. Maria had made Frank human again, and now that she was dead, Frank would be the monster that had always been lurking within him.
Steve teased. Tony threw him a glare but couldn’t keep the smile off his face for long.
Peter shouted.
He glared at Phil, Clint, and Natasha in turn.
Thor boomed, electricity sparking around him. Maybe this realm made his godly powers more obvious. That would be a bonus.
They made their way into the dining room, and Clint had to hold in a laugh. The large circular table had a gaudy purple cloth thrown over it with a gold paisley pattern. In the center was a large crystal ball nestled into a silver base. There were already four other people, seemingly two couples, sitting around the table chatting quietly and ignoring the entrance of the new comers. Clint counted the chairs. There was room for the Mystical Meryll to join them, along with her doorman, and one other guest. Now fully into the room, he could see the other first floor room was an entertainment room of sorts with a loveseat in front of a large TV setup and numerous game consoles with wires tangling from every direction. From where he stood, he could see the start of some shelves that housed both books and DVDs, and the edge of a ping pong table. How there was room in the crowded space to play ping pong was beyond him. Maybe they had to shove things around depending on the activity.
Steve put the other reactor in before Tony could warn him, and the reactor didn’t turn on.
He popped out of existence, which to Dr. Stein’s credit, she only minorly flinched.
He remained standing, leaning against the wall despite the intense desire to fall into a heap on the ground. He coughed up blood, but as soon as he had his breath back he looked at the Mandarin straight on.
he broke off into a fit of giggles. Captain America could giggle. Strange would never have guessed it.
Steve sighed, and Pepper leaned forward in her seat, propping her head up with an elbow in her lap.
he asked miserably. Tony was going to die and he had just saved New York
Bruce sat down beside him.
Bruce stared at him again, Tony could see it was him, though he was still big and green, but Hulk shook his head suddenly, snarling, and Bruce was gone.
Tony’s laughter died.
He grinned at Tony.
She murmured. Behind her, Bruce was already sprinting for the stairs. It was pretty safe to assume he was headed to the ‘Hulk-proof’ training bunk Tony had designed.
She sighed.
It was a fairly safe assumption that Howard and Maria had never taken Tony, so Steve figured it was probably Jarvis. The butler was more of a dad to Tony than Howard.
he responded, sporting his best Tony Stark smirk. He lifted Steve’s hand to his lips, pressing a shaky kiss to his knuckles.
I saw an opportunity to bring in Heather Douglas, AKA Moondragon, and I had to take it. She's like my favourite Marvel lesbian, so who could blame me? This one is all focused on Clint, Phil, and Strange. If you've only been reading these for other characters, you may as well skip this chapter. The other Avengers aren't here. It does touch a little on Clint's parents, so just a warning for that angst I guess.
Mephisto grinned maliciously, shaking the Captain’s hand. He was going to get either Doom or Stark out of this, and best case scenario, he’d get Captain America too, for betraying an official deal. It was truly a win-win for him.
He frowned, trying to think of the words to make this make more sense.
Tony pointed at the child proudly,
The man caught on to the dismissal.
He took the tablet from Steve and thrust it at Bruce.
Tony finished his answer, smiling over at Steve. Steve resisted the urge to lean over for a kiss right then.
He pitched forward suddenly, hand automatically grasping at his chest with the sudden tightness and sharp pain, but he breathed through it, and it slowly lessened.
Clint groaned.
he really didn’t know why they were here. As much as he liked Pepper, they didn’t tend to talk one on one, not since the whole mess before he and Tony started dating. That… if Pepper hadn’t been there to clean up the mess, Steve didn’t know how bad it would’ve gotten.
Steve was reading from a window seat, snuggled under a blue fuzzy blanket and next to an Iron Man plushie. Tony smiled, warmth spreading through his chest at the sight. He really had the best boyfriend ever. It almost felt wrong to interrupt the serene scene.
There was no time, JARVIS closed the suit and launched after the scarecrow figure. Scarecrow hesitated, clearly surprised that anything was approaching him at all, but he dodged the suit just in time. This guy was getting faster and stronger by the minute, and JARVIS could only conclude that he somehow fed on the fear around him.
It’s not like Tony was suicidal, but he also didn’t seem to care either way if he lived or not. Was he truly so miserable that he didn’t feel it necessary to protect his own life? Steve thought that Tony was happier now that they were together. Was it not enough? He’d just have to work even harder to make Tony believe that he was worthy of living. What other choice did he have? He looked at Tony’s sleeping face, wishing so hard it hurt that he could make Tony love himself as much as Steve loved him. He wanted to take all those insecurities Tony kept hidden from the world away and throw them into oblivion. For the rest of the night he brainstormed plans for how to amend his obvious shortfall for Tony’s happiness.
The song at the Gala can be heard
oh great, now he was stuttering,
The collective gasps of the team were soft behind him.
The genius promptly fell back to sleep.
Steve watched them fondly.
Peter admitted. Thor nodded.
She stepped around the card table, studying monitors for both of them as she spoke.
When Steve was finally able to pry his eyes open, he was surprised to see Doctor Strange standing over him. He tried to sit up, but his muscles were too stiff. Strange looked apologetic.
The relief was dizzying.
Steve’s eyes were pleading.
It didn’t seem like there was warning before Tony slumped over, lying unconscious. His breathing became more even without the sobbing, but he looked pale. No one could look healthy with bloody tears all over them, though, so Steve tried to just take comfort in the fact that he was still breathing. The medics were almost there. Tony dialed JARVIS and Pepper, updating them on the situation so someone can start looking for the car.
Norman made it a disappointed tsking noise.
The Mandarin sighed. Tony just cradled his burnt arm and glared at him.
Tony grinned, intertwining his fingers with Steve. Being an Avenger was a wild ride, and often dangerous, but sometimes, it was just fun.
Tony threw back the glass he had just poured.
Mephisto smiled.
Clint said, striding in with Thor right behind. Steve was pale and sweating, taking deep, shuddering breaths.
As soon as they reached a main road, Steve hailed a cab, asking them to step on it to the nearest hospital. They were safe now. Tony hadn’t gotten any worse, and he was sure there’d be an antivenom.
Captain America asked as the heroes gathered in the avenjet.
Phil let him create a gap between them. He had learned over the years when to give Clint space. When they got to bed tonight, though, Phil would show him how much he'd always be needed and useful. At least to Phil he would be.
Coulson replied. He looked at Tony carefully, searching his face for clues to where he was.
she groaned. This was not a good way to go, and nobody would find her easily for a rescue. She wondered how long it would take her to suffocate.
He was avoiding the question.
Steve sat down heavily. His head in his hands,
He looked back up at Steve’s frozen face.
Steve was blown away. He spun slowly, making sure he could still see the rest of the lab as well as the glowing words.
Natasha purred, starting to move around the counter.
Tony nodded violently.
As if Tony needed told that he was awake. He smiled fondly at Thor anyway.
The thrill of pleasure that ran down Tony’s spine at the praise from his master was wonderful. It was all so surreal. Tony wondered if this was what being controlled by Loki had been like for Clint and Selvig.
Tony pulled the stupidly grinning Steve off his knees and into a kiss. The audience went wild and their host was saying something about happy couples and a commercial break, but all the two men cared about was each other. Tony swore he could feel Steve’s heartbeat thrumming through him. Steve smiled against his lips, trying to pull back, but Tony clutched the man’s jacket tight. Steve would not escape him that easily.
The defensiveness in his voice was painfully obvious.
He gestured to the new lab equipment he had actually just ordered for Bruce’s lab, but hadn’t had the chance to show him yet.
Steve held him out in front of him, searching his face, taking in everything he could.
Steve put his hands up in surrender,
Steve, ever the practical one, suggested.
When they arrived and stepped out of the limo, there were not only photographers, but reporters too. They stopped off to one side to answer a few questions before they got in.
Schmidt reasoned. If Dracula could consider himself a fan of anything, it was reason. He was a scientist.
Clint jumped forward off the couch, watching the footage carefully. It was clearly from his goggles on the second night, the angle odd from their spot on the ground. Sure enough, an unnaturally large humanoid figure strutted across the scene, slowed down to a frame by frame. Showed again at normal speed, the furry figure was a blur across the screen. Whatever it was was fast. Unfortunately, because it was night vision footage, Clint couldn’t make out the fine details, but even he had to admit it looked like a Bigfoot.
Mollified, Peter stood on Tony’s legs to announce who would be up next.
The demon pushed Doom forward where he stumbled, but caught himself before falling.
he waved his hands around, trying to find the right words.
They leaned in for another, longer kiss, and Clint’s monitor didn’t do anything annoying, why can’t Tony have nice kisses? Not that Clint was all that better, because when Phil moved to separate them, he tried to follow, only to be painfully reminded of the wound. He let out a long groan.
he murmured. This went on for another painfully long minute before he stopped and let out a long sigh.
Tony handed Steve one of the sticky pieces of baklava, and grabbed one for himself. They were sticky but had a flaky crust of some sort that surrounded the… honey? That’s what it smelled like. Tony was watching him expectantly, he realized, waiting for Steve to try it. Steve took a small bite, and an involuntary sound of pleasure came from him.
Tony heard the Mandarin’s voice behind him. He arched his back in a scream as something was peeled away, his vision going white for a moment from the pain. The piece of melted fabric and skin fell to his lap as the Mandarin dropped it over his head. Tony felt sick at the sight, and suddenly very dizzy. His vision started to go black as the room spun round but he was jerked back up with a slap to the face.
one of the nurses commented as she palpated the crushed rib cage.
JARVIS, bless him, was ahead of her.
Most of them hadn’t slept well, and Tony not at all. Steve had never realized how much he likes the white noise of the tower when he was going to bed. It had already been difficult at first to adjust to falling asleep in the tower. Steve had still felt used to his tiny brooklyn apartment where he heard all the noise of New York through his thin walls. Stark tower had seemed deafeningly quiet in comparison. Turns out Steve didn’t know quiet at all until now.
Tony studied his friend’s face. And they were friends, he knew that, but he also knew that he and Clint had never really talked about serious stuff. There was sort of an unspoken agreement that if one of them came to the other upset, it was to escape talking about it, to escape everything and just get drunk and be stupid. This was new territory, but Clint didn’t show any hint of this being a game.
JARVIS was worried.
I wrote this all in one go, and haven't really had time to read it over, but I'm still trying to catch back up so hope it's good. Let me know if there's any glaring mistakes. This is generic voodoo doll stuff, but all should be aware that this is not at all representative of any practice in either Haitian Voodoo or Louisianan Voodoo. Mr. Doll's character came about a very long time ago, and for some reason the original writers thought it made sense for Nathan to get a Voodoo doll while in Africa. Do not take anything from this story as useful information about actual religions.
she glanced down to gauge the reaction, picking up quickly,
Tony heard his name being called, could see Steve’s facing above his own, but he felt trapped inside himself. Instead of floating above and looking down, Tony was sunken below, having to swim through thick, boiling oil to reach the surface again.
Waking up in a medical room for the second time in one day was disorienting. The fog over Tony’s mind wasn’t natural, and he slowly concluded that he had been sedated. Opening his eyes slowly, he might’ve panicked if he hadn’t been surrounded by his family, Steve’s hand in his.
Steve began laughing, like there was a joke Strange had missed. At the man’s obvious confusion, Steve only laughed harder.
Strange nodded solemnly, stepping towards Bruce first.
Tony waved him off.
I have WAY too much fun making vague references to the days when Thor was also Dr. Donald Blake. Anyone ever want to talk golden age comics with me, just let me know. I love that shit.
The effect was immediate. Thor went still, looked around like he had just woken up. They watched him slowly take in his surroundings, the horrified look solidifying on his face.
he explained.
Steve only understood half of it, the better half. Of course Steve would risk his health to save others, but would he risk himself out of cowardice?
He straightened a little, still leaning against the wall. He wasn’t sure how reasonable of a discussion this man was capable of; he seemed fairly delusional, but it could be an act.
Tony scrubbed a hand over a tired face. He had not been sleeping much lately. October was one of his busiest times of the year for SI because the shareholders always panicked in November about the yearly summary. Over the years he found that having extra inventions up his sleeve to assure them that it had been a productive year kept them from getting their panties in a bunch. On top of his business duties, the Avengers tended to have extra missions in October since Halloween seemed to inspire even the most trivial villains to get up to no good.
Strange opened his eyes again, and they were glowing the blue of the portal. He poured more energy into it, and it stopped shrinking, but it did not grow back to a size people could fit through. The children in front of it turned to look at Clint, frightened.
JARVIS agreed wryly.
In general, the tower was quieter than usual, subdued. A lot had happened recently, and everyone was handling it in their own way.
Steve answered hesitantly.
Peter shook his head.
At Natasha’s count they all crashed in at once, and the men took a few moments to get a handle on the fact that they were being attacked. The Avengers took advantage of this. Hulk knocked everyone away from the corner of guns, his fists sending men flying into tables and walls where a lot of them didn’t get back up. Steve took out several men with the first throw of his shield, catching it just in time to deflect a bullet and knock out two men who had made the mistake of getting close to him. Natasha took down everyone along the east balcony in a manner of minutes before the north side guys noticed she was there. Murdock was having a similarly easy time with the upper lever flock.
Steve found Tony in the lab, surrounded by holographic graphs and lists. He didn’t know how spinning in a chair and looking at all of them so quickly didn’t make his boyfriend dizzy. Steve felt dizzy just looking at him.
Tony asked.
Peter nodded gravely.
The doctor looked around the room.
Tony blinked. Xavier had been in his head? Saw all of, well, that pain? God, no wonder Steve looked so stricken. He couldn’t imagine what it must sound like explained allowed. Hopefully Professor X had been skimpy on the details.
She pointed towards where Julie was coming through another set of doors as she shuffled away without another word.
Fury continued as if he hadn’t stopped,
‘What are you doing?’ he mouthed the words. Steve only gave him a nervous smile in response.
Wade nodded in agreement. The two boys had decided to coordinate their costumes this year, and Steve had already forced them to photograph for an hour today. Wade made for a very skinny Wolverine while Peter’s eyes were hidden behind his Cyclops goggles Tony had helped him make. He had done most of it himself, but Tony had to help a little with the LED wiring. The effect was worth it. Tony made sure to text Professor X a pic, knowing Xavier could appreciate his son’s adoration of the X-Men.
As each of the avengers filed in, Tony made them sit with a point and a glare until Thor arrived last and sat on the ground.
Clint closed his book and sighed.
Tony stretched before he called the suit. Better safe than sorry if it was someone dangerous.
MODOK zoomed towards him, laughing maniacally.
Steve’s mouth twitched into a smile for only a moment.
Thor added.
So I thought of Gazing Nightshade, who admittedly is a fairly new character from X-Men Blue I think, and her name was not even in ao3s character list yet, but she's got such a cool design. Also the required black eyes. He power is basically making you feel lots of angst lol.
It could be a very personal question, but Tony was too exhausted to worry about tact.
to follow them. The conflicting desire to scream and call the Avengers was merely a dull buzz in the back of his mind compared to Dracula’s own desires ringing loudly through his head. The suit formed around him while Dracula transformed into a bat. The flight to Transylvania took almost no time.
It was Strange’s turn to look pained.
Peter nodded in agreement. He and Wade had already tried to summon her several times before JARVIS explained that it was only an urban legend.
In which Steve beats himself up because
Bruce cleaned his glasses nervously, not willing to look at Tony in case he was angry. This had been going so well…
An air horn sounded just behind him and to the right. Tony couldn’t possibly have been ready to stifle his startled scream.
The relief was short lived. With the intermittent shocks no longer distracting him, Tony could now focus on the feeling of the shrapnel moving towards his heart and the pain spreading from his wound.
He ran to her side, tearing the rope away.
When Strange awoke, he was not in the Sanctum Sanctorum. He sat up, looking around, confused. Everything was sleek and glass or metallic. This was the Avenger’s tower. It all came flooding back to him. His body ached in ways it hadn’t in a very long time. Lying back, he allowed himself a moment to order his thoughts.
Mr. Doll must’ve decided he was getting impatient, or perhaps got frustrated. Instead of another broken bone, Tony suddenly doubled over with a pained scream that he cut off with a sharp intake of air through grit teeth. His left side felt like a sword had gone through him. Steve gently pushed him back into his position laying on the bed, and gasped. Tony didn’t have to look to know why as he felt the warmth of blood seeping out of the new wound.
Tony deflated a little, telling her she’s correct.
Strange looked off into the distance for a moment, seeming to decide something, then looked back at Steve, his expression suddenly blank.
They all watched the video in tense silence. Bruce gripped the table through the wave of green that rippled through him. The dent in the table was not the first, but Steve was grateful that Bruce was still in control. Steve certainly wouldn’t be if he had the Hulk inside of him. He barely felt in control now.
Natasha allowed herself to look back at Thor as she threw Steve over her shoulder. His face was wet with tears, but he was glaring right through the medallion he now held in his hand. Everyone was going to be okay, medical was already almost there. Mjolnir landed in his hand, hard from somewhere else in the tower. Thor met her eyes for a moment before he was crashing through the window. She couldn’t blame him, but she desperately hoped he’d return after taking care of the Enchantress. He needed to know that none of them blamed him. He needed to know not to blame himself.
Strange shook his head.
Steve croaked.
conversations where everyone made sure he knew he was a freak. Like he didn’t already know that.
I enjoy writing Pepper in this fic. She's gonna be a big part of the prequel on how Tony and Steve got together, and I always feel like she's tearing her hair out at these two, exasperatedly saying "Boys!" She's like Hermione if Tony and Steve were Harry and Ron in goblet of fire.
it broke again, and Steve heaved a sob before swallowing it and continuing.
Natasha decided.
The dizzying relief at the lack of brain damage overshadowed the other information before Tony could truly analyze all of it. When he realized what all the doctor had said, his internal information sources came up short.
Tony looked personally affronted.
he added quietly.
Steve thought about Phil while he walked to the cafeteria. The man was very stoic, had been for as long as Steve knew him, but Steve could pick up on the subtleties of his expressions by now. The agent was a nice addition to the tower, a calm voice of reason to a group of arguably crazy people. He wondered what Phil had been like before SHIELD, if he had always been so subdued and deadpan, or if it was a result of the career path he took.
Tony’s caught expression told him everything.
he said sarcastically.
Abram shook his head again,
Tony ground out. He tried to give Steve a reassuring smile because the man looked so miserable and Captain America should never be that sad. Steve Rogers should never be that sad. He knew it was more of a grimace and it was hard to breath. The pain was growing with every second and he was dying.
he said smugly.
The room was full of nods in generic agreement, except for Tony, who was scanning the room to see everyone’s nodding.
he said suddenly.
he tried.
Peter clapped until everyone gave polite applause.
He gave her a small smile and held out his hand.
This was going nowhere. He was clearly in one of his Stark-patented sulks.
That was apparently the worst thing to say because Tony jumped up and his chair clattered to the floor.
One of my favourite urban legends is the black-eyed children. Usually one or a couple of them show up at your house asking to come in and use a phone, or asking for a ride at your car. They never actually do anything except cause fear until the person runs away. It's just so strange.
JARVIS continued talking right over Tony entirely, volume easily louder than Tony,
Tony sputtered,
It really sucked trying to convince someone to kill you. Tony never imagined he’d actually be suggesting that someone take him apart. J3XM99 was all mechanical parts and program AI, so it almost seemed like cannibalism, he thought deliriously. A giggle bubbled out of him at the thought.
Now was as good a time as any, right?
he punched Steve’s shoulder lightly.
Coulson gave Bruce a t-shirt with a SHIELD logo on it before gathering the three of them around.
By the time night had fallen, they had a nice fire going that made their cave feel cozy. Steve had a couple of meal replacement bars in his many pockets, so they didn’t have to hunt tonight. They agreed to eat only half of their bars, in case finding food tomorrow was harder than they expected. Both of the heroes were generally unworried. Despite Loki’s sureness that Tony would feel useless without tech or something, and the quite common assumption that he didn’t know how to rough it, Tony could handle the great outdoors just as well as anyone else. The only real threat other than bears or boars was boredom. Tony was used to having a computer available every waking moment, so he never needed to waste time without mental stimulation.
The wind could be heard in the background, making it more obvious she was watching from a perch.
Strange was unruffled by the outburst. He supposed he wouldn’t care about the details in Tony’s shoes.
She watched with open interest as Tony had the suit reform around him, but left the faceplate up. Better safe than sorry, plus it would probably help keep him on his feet.
Tony Stark was a madman. Clint couldn’t believe he was only just now finding out. They had lived together and worked together for years, but he had never imagined how mad the genius was.
Tony finished for him softly.
Steve bit into a biscuit, swallowing it with some tea.
he snapped as he sat down at the opposite side of the bar from the rest of them. He snatched the second pot of coffee and began drinking straight from the pot. The others just stared at him. Then he seemed to pause and remember something, so he lowered the pot from his mouth.
Steve had lost everything important to him when his plane went down. Tony had had everything valuable (monetary-wise) all along, but nothing that he needed emotionally. Trust, love, stability, and security were things a child should receive from their parents, and Tony didn’t get them because of Steve. Tony’s not broken, but he believes he is, and that’s what matters.
Clint flung some peas at Tony.
Tony asked, unable to follow the sudden change.
Tony let his head fall, resting his chin on his chest. It probably made breathing even harder, but he didn’t have the energy anymore to keep his head upright. At this angle, he could see the arc reactor flickering. It was not a comforting sight. With great effort, he leaned his head back so at least he wouldn’t have to watch himself die.
The end was reached on the third floor, or the ground floor, given the two underground levels. Clint and Bruce flanked Steve on each side, Thor blocked any path outside of the room. They allowed Tony to be the one to finally catch him.
he offered.
He yelled, bounding back towards Tony. Tony tried to take off, but his repulsors only sputtered. The Hulk grasped Iron Man’s torso in his right fist, squeezing slowly.
he asked in a sarcastically saccharine tone. He stuck out his lower lip in a mock pout.
he couldn’t bring himself to ask anything specific. There were too many horrific possibilities.
Strange warned. Nightmare struggled some more, only answering Strange with a glare.
She smiled.
Bruce wasn’t paying him any attention at all, though. His eyes were fixed on the floor, his hands still clutching the tool. Tony thought that his skin might have a greenish hue, but the lighting was not good in here, and he hoped he was merely being paranoid.
She pulled away, shivering slightly.
Tony smiled tentatively. This new open thing had come with their engagement, and stuck around into the marriage. They had agreed it was their best chance to avoid repeating their many past mistakes. It often left Tony feeling raw and exposed, but Steve was there to soothe it.
Even the small part of Tony that had believed the threat had expected whatever it was to begin subtly. No one was prepared for the loud snap of his right forearm and accompanying scream. He looked down at the arm where bone had broken the skin and there was blood and his arm should not bend that way and he had to turn away swallowing down a wave of nausea. Everyone had jumped up and was watching him intensely.
– Clint
Clint knew a dismissal, so he turned to go. He didn’t like that Tony was alone right now, but JARVIS wouldn’t let him do anything too stupid, he could trust in that fact.
Tony scrunched up his face in irritation. It was a testament to how uncomfortable he must be that he didn’t fight it. Tony would normally run himself into the ground before letting people help him; it drove Steve insane.
Tony spat.
The night had been uneventful and boring as hell. Clint nearly fell asleep on his branch a couple times purely out of boredom. Tony reported a similar experience, but was still confident in his endeavor to prove the existence to Clint. Plus, the weekend was going to be a success for him either way.
Happy was too loyal to Tony to just listen to Cap, and Tony gave him props for that, it takes a brave man to refuse Steve Rogers’ orders.
Clint said as Thor nodded solemnly. They boarded the evac helicopter as Natasha pushed Steve into the back of a nondescript black SHIELD car with Bruce on his other side.
The Red Skull made a shoo motion with his hand, as though the motivations of their alliance were trivial. This arrogant human knew not who he messed with.
Bruce said quietly before he shut the door, since Steve had already forgotten her presence. She didn’t seem offended; she was probably used to it.
he glanced around the room, and his eyes told them there was no getting out of this,
The girl hesitated, then raised her face to meet his gaze.
he answered sadly.
he said seriously.
he asked, confused. Steve stifled a laugh.
Tony could already feel the sharp metal where the suit was caving in stabbing into his sides. He screamed in agony for a moment before the Hulk stopped squeezing. Tony tried to speak, but his breathing was ragged and uneven.
Bruce said quietly, always quick to pick up on what was bothering Tony.
Frank didn’t even try to find a new place to live, he just slept on the street, usually as close as he could to the ashy remnants of his life without being harassed. Survival instincts took over enough that Frank continued living, but he was hardly alive. Then they caught the arsonist.
Steve wiped tears from Tony’s cheeks. This was his worst hell. Watching Tony suffer with no way to help. He couldn’t even direct his fury at a face because he had no idea what this Mr. Doll looked like.
The rest of the night seemed to be going by in the background. Steve just followed his partner’s lead, making small talk here and there, dancing, clapping, showing off their relationship, etc. Something at the back of his mind was bothering him, but he couldn’t quite place it, so he pushed it aside and focused on Tony. The billionaire was in his element, as much as he was loathe to admit it. Tony Stark was a socialite as well as a shut-in engineer. Tony liked to convince himself that the rich celebrity persona was all a facade, and a lot of it was, but Steve could tell that the man also felt at home at these events sometimes. Now if the world worked Tony’s way, there’d only be one or two events a year, but if all of them suddenly disappeared, Steve thought Tony would probably miss it more than he expected.
Natasha had been helping him learn to sneak better. He was already naturally light on his feet, plus he had the advantage of being light, but no one was better suited to sneaking than Black widow. Tony liked to think he had gotten pretty good. The tent made no sound as he exited, and he carefully avoided every leaf or twig as he approached the tree Clint was in. He looked up, studying his best chance, calculating lengths from one branch to another compared to his arm’s reach, as well as which branches could most likely hold his weight. Plan mapped out, he silently began the climb up the tree behind Clint’s. The archer wasn’t even scanning in the direction of the tent since they assumed that’s not where Bigfoot would be.
He slapped his own ass when he said money-maker before spinning and winking at Steve overtly sexually as the elevator doors shut in front of him.
Morgana waved a hand, and Tony was now being forced into an upright starfish position, each limb chained to some invisible force and being pulled taut. It was not a comfortable way to be held up against gravity, and his shoulders already ached.
That stung.
Before the demon could interrupt, he continued quickly.
Frank Castle did not start out as a killer. No, he was a loving, gentle, family man. He had a gorgeous wife, Maria, and two beautiful children, Lisa and Frank Jr. He was a soldier, a military career man, but after the war he settled for police work. Maria was an opera singer. They met when Frank was assigned to guard her dressing room, a fairly routine protection detail that all of the starring role actresses got on shownights.
Phil replied drily.
Later that night, when they had finally come down from the sugar rush and were almost asleep, JARVIS spoke up.
They ate their food in silence. When Phil finished his salad, he pulled out a pack of cards.
the nurse asked, bright and cheery in the morning. Steve nodded.
When Tony finally joined Steve in bed, he shuddered, letting the tears fall. Steve sat up, glad when JARVIS turned up the lights without being asked.
She handed one over, watching carefully. He silently handed her each part, focusing on the task at hand. It took longer than it should, because his hands were shaking and his vision was blurring at the edges. He could hear his own breathing getting harsher, but she thankfully didn’t point it out.
I'm embarrassed to admit that I spent far too long looking at all the magical artifacts in the Marvel universe and deciding what I wanted to use for this prompt. I knew I wanted Enchantress to make an appearance, but the possibilities seemed endless. The Amulets of Damballah are, in fact a thing, but I tweaked them a bit for my purposes. Their first appearance was in 1973 in
She ignored him to Tony’s dismay.
Bruce barked a laugh then covered his mouth, blushing.
Peter cried out. Clint lunged forward to tickle Peter. His squeals filled the room. Steve snatched the mug of cocoa before it spilled, shooting a glare at Clint. Clint winked at him before stepping back towards the TV again.
was all she ground out before hanging up. She hardly felt like talking. Mrs. Marcus could get her bill in her email tomorrow.
At his nod she turned to Steve,
Tony said sarcastically. He was sweating profusely now, and considered taking off his shirt, but they would be at the helicarrier any minute.
Tony was beginning to think October was actually cursed for him. He didn’t believe in things like curses and magic (more like he ignored their existence until Strange was shoving them in his face) but this was just getting to be insane. Something spectacularly bad had happened in Tony’s like every October for the past… 20 years!? Maybe he had personally insulted the spirit of Halloween or something.
But Tony wasn’t conscious anymore. Steve couldn’t do anything besides lower him to the ground and move any objects away when the seizure started.
– Clint
She chuckled.
Strange held up his hands,
Somehow a relaxing swim in the stream turned into another contest. Tony decided that they should race. When that ended predictably (hadn’t they just talked about Tony’s lack of lung capacity?) Tony suggested they see who can catch a fish with their bare hands first. Clint almost felt bad when he won that too, the way Tony slumped in defeat for a moment, but it was quickly shrugged off. Overall they had a good time.
Steve couldn’t sleep. He had this nagging feeling that he hadn’t done enough for Tony. He closed his eyes, trying to ignore the feeling. Tony was okay, he needed some space. Steve should let it alone. It wouldn’t hurt just to check on him.
He felt Steve soften beneath him with a sigh. He had clearly been more tense than Tony thought.
Clint caught himself holding his fists too tight and had to consciously loosen them to stop his fingernails digging into his palms. Sometimes it drove him nuts how easily Phil read him, whereas Phil was often a complete mystery to him.
Steve said softly.
Steve admonished, but the nurse only laughed as she left.
Tony was still out cold, which was good. Steve wasn’t ready to talk to him yet. He didn’t know what he would say to him. At least he knew he had time to think of something. He wasn’t even angry, which surprised him. He wished Tony would have said he was feeling sick like he promised, but it was getting old. Steve just felt guilty, and tired and dead inside. The more he went over the events of yesterday in his head, the more confident he grew in the fact that the entire thing was his fault.
Clint started defensively. That mission hadn’t gone according to plan, but they had followed all protocols and there was no way they could’ve known they would be ambushed by the Hand while trying to take out the Ten Rings leader.
Tony’s head snapped up.
He tried to tug his arm out of Steve’s grasp, but the supersoldier pulled him into a hug instead.
Tony smirked.
Bruce pointed out reasonably.
But Steve… Steve had a special way of making Tony feel like he could be good, like he was someone to be proud of. Tony still always managed to fuck it up. DUM-E rolled up and grabbed the whiskey bottle in his hand. He tried to tug it away from Tony.
She smiled shyly. Steve let go of Tony’s hand and watched warily as she washed her hands then carefully scooted and turned Tony, propping Tony on a pillow so there was no actual pressure on his ribs, putting one underneath his right leg and between his arms like a Teddy bear. He relaxed when he noticed how gingerly she did everything. Even if Tony hadn’t been drugged, he wouldn’t have felt a thing. She bowed her head at him as she left the room.
Tony woke up with a start. He was in a hospital bed, and Steve was watching him warily. He was tired, and had an IV in with a simple saline solution, but that was it. Clearly whatever had been causing his chest pain had been nothing, like he told Steve, but he couldn’t really blame the man for the precaution. Tony was hardly known for his stellar cardiac health.
Clint said.
Peter agreed enthusiastically.
Dracula sighed from across the room. He returned to Tony’s side with a metal cart of medical supplies.
He asked cautiously. Tony kept everyone at arm’s length most of the time. He didn’t want to jinx this.
There had been a big battle with AIM yesterday morning, followed immediately by an attack on the west coast by Hydra. They had all come home exhausted.
she spoke solemnly. She glanced towards Strange before staring at Zelma.
Mephisto turned to look at Tony on the ground. He shrugged with a very not apologetic at all expression.
A wave of dread washed over Tony. People wouldn’t be looking for him if they thought he had a reason to be gone.
This fic has two special guests and one of them is in this chapter, the other in the next. I just love adding in Marvel characters that aren't MCU, because I just want to read about all my babies. Let me know what you guys think of the battle! I tried to make it as clear as possible!
