Steve felt almost breathless but he gave a quick nod. He didn't want to wait any longer, but he wasn't even certain what else he could be waiting for. He could trust Tony. “This is torture...whatever you have that can solve this, I'll take it please.” Steve nearly startled when he felt the quick and warm brush of lips against his cheek as Tony pressed a chaste kiss against his skin.
“That's not what I was going to say.” Steve interrupted. He had been avoiding making eye contact with Tony, keeping his gaze low or on the ground, but then he finally lifted his eyes up, those deep blues full of remorse, sadness and a swirl of other complicated emotions.“I wanted to tell you I'm sorry, for everything, for leaving you in Siberia for-”
“Just let it happen.” Steve whispered and he leaned in, his hands settling on Tony's hips. He licked a strip up Tony's cock as it was held in the centipede's grasp. Tony bit back a moan and shut his eyes tightly trying to keep himself still, but the bug was pulsing, flexing around him, its soft warm legs squeezed and released, and squeezed again, tugging gently on his length. Steve's wet tongue laved up from the tip to the base, he pressed his lips to Tony's flesh, and sucked, and mouthed over what bit of Tony's cock he could reach.
“You want it harder? Yeah you do, you can barely control yourself you need it so bad huh?” Tony said as he braced his hands on Steve's chest and rolled his hips. Steve bucked up into him and moaned.
“Seeing as this is a time for celebrating I will let this one slide. ” He said as he set the bottle back down. “Just don't let it develop into a bad habit.” Steve added as he sat back down. “So college graduate, what's next? Got any plans? I imagine you have several opportunities lined up. Internships?” Tony moved from his desk picked up the bottle, and sat down on the bed with Steve leaning his back against the wall to lounge comfortably.
Steve was breathing heavily with exertion his grip tightened on Tony's hips. “Yes Tony, yes come. Come for your alpha!” Tony reached a hand between his legs and began to stroke himself with Steve's thrusts, but Steve grabbed his wrists and pulled it away. “No...not like that...this...just from me. I know you can do it.”
It hadn't been easy for Tony, calling off the engagement with Pepper. If he could have spared her the pain he would have but, he didn't want to lie to her. The years-yes years-it had taken for them to reverse the damage of Thanos' chaos, the dusting, ending half the lives of people across the universe, Tony had long since moved on. It hadn't been his plan, but during the bleak days of no hope, no horizon just the black abyss of failure he and Steve had found solace in each other. How could he have known that they would succeed? That with the power of the infinity stones they could bring back everyone that had faded to ashes? To those who had turned to dust no time had passed for them at all, and so last Pepper had known Tony had flown into space on some alien craft leaving her behind. They had plans for a wedding, and Tony had been talking of having children.
“We didn't know how much time we had! We didn't know if we were flying into a fight with Thanos or not.” Nebula's synthetic voice bit back at Rocket's fiercely.
“Take it easy you're doing great. You're really tight so it will hurt a bit...” Tony just silently nodded and focused on keeping his breathing even. Steve chewed his own lip in a bit of worry, he was much larger than two fingers wide. Tony would need a lot more prep to take a man of his size. Perhaps going so fast was a mistake.
Steve was moving off the stool before he even realized what he was doing. He knelt in front of Tony, leaning against the edge of the lounge. Tony raised his hands from his chest to Steve's face, caressing lightly over Steve's cheeks, jaw, over his temples and through his short blonde hair. Steve's hands were shaking lightly and his breath felt ragged and uneven, he had never done anything like this before. Tony reached both hands to the back of Steve's head, gripping tightly in his hair and sat up further as he coaxed Steve to lean down over his chest and....Tony gasped. “Yes!”
“They are...quite lovely to look at...” Steve admitted, feeling the heated blush once more. He cursed his fair skin not for the first time. “And they know it so they may like the idea of someone wanting to view them as an art piece.”
Steve stroked his fingers along Tony's bare skin and pressed feather light kisses to his shoulder. Tony listened to the crickets chirping outside of the open window, he could smell Steve, so vivid, sweat and the lingering scent of sex. Tony turned in Steve's arms and without a word just pressed a hard open mouthed desperate kiss to his lips. He could taste Steve on his tongue, he could feel the heat of his body, and when he pulled back and opened his eyes he could see the man, messy hair, bearded face, deep blue eyes staring back at him with love and devotion. Tony ran his hand down the side of Steve's face and curled his fingers into the man's beard.
“My alpha needs to come multiple times before he's satisfied? Of course that doesn't bother me. Just means we get to have more fun.” Tony rolled his hips again forcing Steve even deeper, his knot pulling and stretching his hole. “You feel so good Steve.” Tony murmured. Steve gripped onto Tony's hips again and began to thrust shallowly into Tony again, he couldn't move much on account of his knot, but he was already so deeply seated into Tony's channel that every little movement sent shocks of pleasure through Tony. Tony began to moan again.
“No...I wanted to ask is...is it okay if I maybe do some drawing while you work?” Steve asked hesitantly.
Grabbing onto Tony's hips Steve ground his cock against Tony's supple behind, the wetness of his slick coating Steve's hardened cock. He had never imagined he would get to experience this again.
Steve gave Tony a final kiss before he stepped backwards keeping an eye on Tony while he found his way to the bed sitting down and tilted his head. "What is a good time for you?" He smirked leaning back on his elbow running his hand over his chest and along his thigh while keeping a hungry gaze on Tony.
Why was that a turn on? Hearing Tony whisper in his ear had Steve biting his lower lip a, shiver ran down his spine "Hmmm.” Steve turned his head so he could reply back in his own whisper close to Tony's ear. "Promise to show me a good time?"
“Captain Rogers appears to be under the affects of a very potent aphrodisiac naturally produced by the centipede you have been studying.” Tony dodged away from the creature as it approached wondering what had Hydra planned for the thing.
The two of them dropped down to the floor together, Steve on his knees his hands planted on the floor, he tilted his hips displaying himself for Tony. Steve felt Tony's hands on his hips, gripping tightly to him as he lined himself up, pressing the head of his cock against Steve's open hole. He rocked his hips backwards, groaning as Tony's hard, thick length rubbed between the cleft of his ass.
“Did Fury mention that this isn't a typical...um...visit?” Steve asked as he took his seat on the stool across from his model. The lighting seemed to be good enough from this position he concluded.
“Yeah, I don't think I have any regrets with it anymore since I have you now.” Steve turned his head to look down at Tony and their lips met in a light kiss.
Steve did another check around his chambers to ensure that everything was tidy and welcoming. He adjusted the pillows on the chaise lounge he had moved into the center of the room and took a step back to look over the layout and then he adjusted them again. Steve knew he was just trying to pass the time before his...guest...arrived. Nervousness was thrumming through him, making his insides twist in apprehension.
Steve had been found, but he was finished fighting other men's wars. He had lost his best friend and now years later had lost all that he knew. He had been put up in chambers of his own and now here he was retired and getting back to his hobbies. Drawing, art it had always been a passion, and had earned him a little money back in the day, but he hadn't had the opportunity to study professionally. Lord Alexander Pierce had been a gracious host and had offered Steve anything to fulfill his needs for his sacrifice for the good of the realm and the kingdoms.
Tony shook his head slightly and only continued to gently rub his fingers over Steve's puckered entrance. “We're gonna take this nice and slow. I'd hate to hurt you.” Steve huffed out a quiet whine and threw his arm over his eyes as he tried to still his hips. He wanted penetration, he wanted to be filled. Tony took his time gently stroking his fingers over Steve's skin, and spreading the slick all over. Steve could feel the wetness spreading down his cheeks and crack, it was warm and viscous but thicker than what the centipede had secreted over his body.
“As you wish.” Tony replied, his voice honey sweet to the ears. He lifted his arms to the golden chain, the cuffs and bracelets adorning his arms clinked together as he unclasped the chain and let the fabric drop, finally revealing his face to Steve.
Steve swiveled his hips a little and bit his lip as Tony's member shifted inside of himself. Even with how far gone he had been from the pollen the first time Steve could perfectly recall how Tony's length felt inside of him. This was what he had been craving again, and Steve was eager to feel the slide and force of that hard flesh pounding into him.
“No...I want this. Please. Use me...I want to give this to you.” Steve still hesitated for a few moments, but the ache in his cock was so overwhelming. He placed his hands over Tony's hips again and began to thrust himself into Tony's now relaxed and loose hole. Steve worked up to a fast and brutal pace, pounding his shaft into the wet warmth. The glide was easy now, but it felt incredible. Steve grunted with each push, he chanted Tony's name as he felt the building sensation. The soft mewls from Tony only spurned him on. “Oh Tony, Tony, so good, you're so good! So good for me...you want it? I'm so close, wish I could come in you, want to see you take all of me. Take what I give you, fuck! Tony.” Steve chanted. He normally wasn't one for dirty talk, but this close to reaching his orgasm it all tumbled out of him.
“I'm sorry I didn't realize.” Tony shrugged in response and kept quiet so Steve could draw. Steve made a few alterations felt satisfied and swapped over to a bigger canvas and picked up a fresh pencil. He had Tony lay back on the chaise both his arms above his head and resting comfortably on the pillows beneath him. He had a leg stretched out the other knee bent up and the fabric knot adjusted low on his waist.
Tony's breath was coming out in harsh and shaky pants once they parted again. He gazed at Steve with lust filled dark eyes, and swiped his tongue over his lips to wet them before speaking. “Steve...my alpha...take me upstairs.” Steve moved quickly, bounding over the back of the couch to get his hands on Tony. The brunette was already reaching up to wrap his arms around Steve's neck and hoisted himself up, getting his legs secure around Steve's middle.
“You know when I designed this place I didn't take into account how painfully drab it would be, let alone how insanely boring. I guess that's what you get with clean rooms now-a-days. Definitely going to pencil in to add, like, a Gameboy or something.” Steve sat up suddenly and looked over to the glass window. Standing on the other side was Tony, he appeared a little frazzled around the edges, fatigue rested in his eyes. Steve was at a loss. What was he doing here? The very sight of him conjured up more vivid memories that Steve had to actively battle down to keep from getting distracted. This was bad, this was so bad, he couldn't even look at Tony without getting all hot and bothered. Steve shifted on the hospital bed to try and hide the rock hard erection in his pants, thank god they were loose fitting sweats.
“Stop!” Tony looked over to the voice his eyes wide in disbelief, Strange hadn't taken the chance for escape. He watched the wizard approach slowly, apparently he had been injured from earlier. “His life for the stone.” Strange offered in strained voice. Tony shook his head. No. They couldn't give up his life wasn't worth this. If Thanos got his hands on that stone...Vision would surely be next.
“-No.” Steve snapped before Bruce had an opportunity to finish his thought. No way Steve was going to tell anyone the details of what had occurred. None of the Avengers knew the full report, only Thor had the smallest glimpse of the very end. Otherwise Steve's lips remained sealed. How could he tell anyone, a stranger no less, the intimate details of how he had sexually assaulted one of his friends.
Tony had disappeared back into the lab and Steve was once again left alone with his problem. He took a cold shower as Tony had suggested and managed to sleep for a couple of hours before the morning, but missed his usual early run. Steve only felt exhausted at this point and the serum was doing little to alleviate the side affects. He felt moody and irritable but did his best not to take it out any of the others. In the end Steve found it would be best to isolate himself until he had an opportunity to speak with Tony again. He wondered what sort of plan the resident genius was cooking up, and if it had any hope of working. Tony was an engineer not a biologist, but Steve believed if anyone could help him at this point it had to be Tony Stark.
Steve stood just outside the slightly ajar door. “I was thinking after I get out maybe we could grab a bite? There's this really good sub shop nearby.” Steve noted that it was already late morning they had slept in way later than usual.
Hurried footsteps and murmured voices filled the halls behind them, Steve's ears picked up the sounds of labored breathing, grunts of pain, between the shuffling of bodies, and then Rockets voice among them. “You got blood all over my work table! And you went through my stuff! Why couldn't you have waited before going all hack and slash?”
“You too Tony.” Steve mumbled while already starting to drift off. It had been weeks since he had felt that relaxed. The tension in his muscles and the frustration had vanished and knowing that Tony was there beside him made it all the more comforting. Steve drifted off into a blissful sleep within minutes.
He didn't waste any time, Steve positioned himself behind Tony on his knees with hands on his narrow waist. Tony felt the head of Steve's cock brush against his hole and he rocked himself backwards indicating he was ready. There was the blunt pressure then with a little thrust the head slipped into Tony's channel and Steve pushed his hips forward pressing himself further into Tony. Once he was fully seated Steve pulled nearly all the way out until just the head of his cock was in and slammed forward making Tony groan. He took a brutal pace, fucking Tony good and hard, the way he knew Tony liked it. Tony was crying out with each thrust, his hands fisted into the sheets as his alpha took him.
Steve drove around for a bit before he parked at the hotel and contemplated his options. He could just leave and return to the others, call it a night and a win for himself, but he was curious about what Tony's endgame was for this. He walked inside, took the elevator to the sixth floor and found the room, 633. Steve took a breath to calm himself as he was feeling a little nervous, but he didn't back down from a challenge. Steve knocked on the door and waited.
“Ah...yeah it does.” Steve cleared his throat and began his new sketch. He had to capture that playful smirk. After a few silent moments Steve inquired.“I thought concubines were preferred to be clean shaven.”
“You're thinking about something-something you want.” Steve ground out huskily in Tony's ear. “I can feel your slick. You just got even wetter.” Steve looked Tony over in the mirror. “Your cock is leaking all over too...you're such a mess Tony.” Tony could feel it, the wet smear on his belly from his own cock trapped against his body from Steve's hand. He should feel embarrassed and ashamed but he didn't have the mindset to feel either. He was all quivering horny desire and he could see that Steve was loving it. His alpha liked him messy. “Tell me Tony.. What makes my omega get so hard and wet?”
“What...what the hell?” Steve still had enough sense to question as he stared down at himself and the growing bulge in his pants. Feeling his strength momentarily sapped Steve dropped his shield to the floor in a loud clatter and stared helplessly at the centipede. It stared back at him with nearly lifeless glassy eyes and its maw secreted a clear gooey slick that dribbled over its pincers.
“I'll help you. Then after we can figure out whatever this is. Your hormones are going crazy and before you make any solid decisions we need you thinking clearly again.”
“Yes...Tony?” Steve asked with a raised eyebrow. Tony groaned against him, burying his face into Steve's neck and his hands gripped onto the front of his shirt.
“You're overreacting there would be no reason to remove you from the team. Besides I am the one that makes that call in the end not Fury.” Steve replied sternly.
Steve's previous misconceptions, his worries, his anxiety over the whole thing simply dissipated as the pollen worked its influence over Steve's sensibilities. He could tell it was milder, he was much more in control of his senses but the usual shame that reared itself in his mind was gone and all he could feel was the intense desire for Tony's body.
Tony rocked back and forth on his heels and glanced off towards the hall he came from. “Look, it was either we talk this out like functional adults or Bruce sends us to S.H.I.E.L.D. for a psych-eval and I certainly do not want to get into this with some S.H.I.E.L.D. issue shrink. Plus...” Tony added with a small shrug. “...I wanted to make sure we were still cool?”
Tony lifted his hand and examined the mess, and he had come all over the right handed glove. The shame filled him and he quickly ripped the gloves off and threw them into the nightstand to hide the evidence of his depravity.
“You think you're ready?” Steve asked in a strained voice. It was taking all his self control not to throw Tony down and take him hard and fast.
“We both know we're just going to be disappointed.” Tony replied with a bitter edge. Steve frowned and rubbed his hand over Tony's abdomen. He knew this was difficult for Tony to accept, and he would be lying if he didn't feel that nagging disappointment. Steve would never voice that though, instead he tried to be as supportive and understanding.
Tony swallowed at the sudden heat that bloomed inside of him this was all just a game but, Steve propositioning in such a way awoke something inside of Tony, and he found himself growing aroused at the idea of taking Steve to his hotel. Tony finished off his drink, and set his glass down and looked at Steve, he bit his lip in thought...play his cards right...he leaned in close to him and whispered in Steve's ear, his voice a low purr. "Would you like to come to my hotel room Steve?" Tony rubbed his hand up Steve's thigh and dug his nails into the material of his pants.
"Hey there come on in." Tony opened the door for him, it was a rather spacious hotel room, Tony never skipped on luxury.
“What? Huh? Oh come on we're exhausted!” The centipede re-positioned its body, it began to coil around Tony and grip him with its many fleshy legs. Steve sat up bit on his elbows confused as to why the centipede was behaving so strangely all of a sudden. The centipede opened its pincers and prepared to release a fresh cloud of pollen.
“We can try again in a little while?” Steve suggested. This had been the norm of late while they had tried to be intimate with each other. Since Tony had gotten onto a new type of suppressant it had also created a lot of issues with Tony's libido, and his ability to perform sexually. Tony had a lot of trouble achieving an erection now, and even more difficult time reaching an orgasm. The doctor refused to allow Tony onto the previous suppressants as they had initially been developed for female omegas. For some reason they could exasperate his already existing heart condition in males. Tony hadn't exactly listened to the specifics, all he had focused on was he had been told “No.”
“Fuck.” Steve cursed as he formed a fist and pumped his own throbbing dick with his hand. He could still hear all those dirty things Tony had said to him during their ordeal. Calling him a cock-hungry slut, because well that had been true then hadn't it? Steve had begged for Tony to fuck him, and damn had he fucked him good. Steve bit his lip as a soft keening whine found its way out. He was so close to coming, he could feel that he was right on the edge...so...close...so...Steve panted as he continued to work his hand over his stiff member. Any moment now he would reach that blissful edge and he could feel the joy of release as his orgasm rocked through him. Steve could feel it in his core, a tightly wound coil, his cock was aching with need, his balls tight and drawn up close to his body.
Steve need only a few more thrusts into Tony's clenching hole before he joined his omega into orgasm. Steve's seed spilled into Tony's body, he gave a few more quick shallow thrusts before burying his cock to the hilt. “So good, so-so good Tony.”
“No, it's a pollen it's like a drug like date rape. Snap out of it Steve please try and snap out of it. You'll never forgive yourself for this I know you won't. Stop before you do something you'll regret!” The centipede unraveled part of its body from Tony sensing he was falling into the heat. He was reacting physically but it hadn't yet affected his judgment. The centipede aligned itself between Tony's legs and contorted itself up, legs spreading like fingers reaching up and clamping themselves over Tony's cock. “No,no, no!” Tony protested, but his voice was sounding more strained.
“How could I ever say no to you?” Steve asked as he backed off from the bed to toe off his shoes, socks, and pull down his own pants and briefs. Tony stared at Steve through his heavy lashes, his kiss bitten lips were parted, and he was breathing shallowly as he admired the specimen in front of him. Steve usually didn't like it when people stared. It made him feel like he was back in the lab all those years ago, poked and prodded to discover just what the miracle serum had accomplished, but with Tony's open desire he didn't mind it. Steve didn't like to think of himself in such a vain sense, but he knew that Tony wanted him, that Tony was admiring his body and it made Steve feel a rush of hot desire nearly overwhelm him. His cock twitched as the heated coil of arousal wound itself tighter within his groin.
“...As you wish Captain.” Jarvis replied and the elevator started back up, but instead traveled down towards the lab. Steve held his shield at the ready and as soon as the doors opened he braced for a possible oncoming attack. There was nothing, he stepped out cautiously watching for movement, listening. The walls and door to the lab appeared to be intact still so whatever it was, was still confined to the lab space. Steve approached, punched in his code and entered still holding his shield up
Steve loomed over Tony, still holding his wrist and kissed him hard, claiming his omega with his tongue. Tony twisted on the bed, turning over, getting his wrist free from Steve and tucked his knees beneath himself. Steve understood what he was doing and sat back, his hands going to Tony's hips as the omega positioned himself, resting his weight on his forearms his head and chest down against the bed, with his back arched up and his ass presented for his alpha.
Steve just nodded slowly, biting his lip and looking down to the floor. “Tony...I...” Steve began and trailed off unsure of what to say how to say it.
Steve wasn't going to last much longer he felt the pressure building, that tension in his core, his balls drawing up tight, he was so close. He pulled Tony down onto himself, he slid in and out so easily he worked up to a faster and faster rhythm. With a few more particularly hard thrusts Steve felt the tension release and his cock pulsed. Steve was groaning as he rocked his hips up, still holding Tony by the waist as each rippling wave of relief rushed through him. Steve just came, and came he had never felt so good.
They had parted ways but she remained as CEO of Stark Industries. Tony then looked at other properties for himself to get away from the city and live a quiet life with Steve. After the years spent of preparing to take on Thanos retirement from the responsibility of super-heroing sounded rather appealing. They had discussed it during the lonely nights together, what they would do once it was over if they could give up the hard life of being an avenger. There had been all kinds of plans, Tony buying them an exotic island, a hunting cabin in the mountains, or living on a boat along the coast. None of the plans had been serious, and Tony had more than once thrown out audacious ideas like building a colony on the moon.
Tony hummed pleasantly as he licked and suckled over Steve's rim, the warm come dripped from his channel and Tony lapped at it and even darted his tongue inside. That made Steve nearly howl it felt so good and it was so wrong. Everything collided inside of his head of yes, good, bad, more, stop. The hot tongue delved deeper into Steve's channel, he could feel it darting inside of his body, and Steve tensed. It felt so good he was beside himself with pleasure, how could Tony be this good at sex? Steve couldn't hold back any more, he was rocking back into Tony's tongue while moaning. Finally he reached his climax and came for the final time that night.
Steve just gave small shrug, he held some pencils and a sketchbook in one hand. “No none of that...just...wanted to see how you were doing. You always spend so much time alone.” Steve's blue eyes met Tony's then briefly glanced down towards his chest then back up again. Steve always did that...always examined the arc reactor...Tony kind of hated it.
His free hand reached over for Tony's left, tracing over the metallic surface again. Tony turned his head and watched Steve's fingers trace over the replacement arm. They let the rain outside fill the void of the quiet for a time.
“I know...” Tony replied, his voice going soft. “that pollen was some seriously powerful stuff. I felt it same as you, I literally couldn't think about anything other than how I was going to get off. This right here is why I knew we needed to talk. You were going to beat yourself up and take the blame and if anyone is to blame it's me. I had that thing in the lab and I didn't take the right security measures.”
They worked up to a steady rhythm, Tony's hips were rocking into Steve's fingers steadily. Steve felt that Tony was ready for another and he squeezed more lube into his hand and coated his fingers then carefully pushed them past the tight ring into Tony's ass. Steve could feel the muscles clenching and relaxing around him, it sent a fiery excitement straight to his own straining cock. Steve himself was getting impatient now and he worked his fingers in and out of Tony at a more rapid pace.
“I was raging horny and was trying not to jump your bones right then and there...” Tony replied honestly. He let out a heavy sigh before he continued. “I want to try with you, but we need to get some things in order before we even attempt. First and most important.” Tony's eyes met Steve's. “I cannot be your omega.” Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Tony held a finger up to silence him. “I'm not finished.” He scowled slightly before continuing. “I cannot be your omega, but I can be your beta. Understand? If you want to explore this...connection-as you call it- you need to allow me some grounds to work with here. Number one being I will continue to declare myself a beta, and that means I suppress the heat. Number two, for the time being this is just between us. I don't need this out in the public just yet.”
Steve jolted when Tony's tongue brushed over his hole. “Tony that's...oh...oh that's so dirty.” Tony lifted his head and looked up at Steve with worry in his eyes.
Tony wiped the remnants from his mouth with his hand and kissed Steve's thigh before laying beside him. Steve looked over to Tony with affection and admiration, and found that Tony was gazing back at him with fondness.
“There was no time and he insisted. I know all about synthetic replacements, every part of me has been through it.” Nebula replied dryly. “We had no other choice.”
After a long hot shower and a thorough scrub down Steve dressed and walked back out to an empty bedroom. The closet door was left open and Steve noted that Tony's watch and phone were gone from the nightstand beside the bed. He didn't want to overstay his welcome in Tony's space so Steve went back down to his room. He changed into a fresh shirt and sweats and decided to go for a run outside in hopes it would help him to clear his muddled thoughts.
Steve didn't go as hard as he had before, he built up to an easy rhythm, sliding easily in and out. He kissed Tony repeatedly, breaking away only to catch a few panting breaths and uttering soft “Uh-uh-uhs.” with the rocking motion of his hips. There was something overly intimate about this position, it was more gentle and dare they even admit it...loving...than the rough wild fuck they had just engaged in.
Several minutes passed of Steve working his length. Nothing. In fact it began to hurt the longer he went at it. He paused to give himself a little break and wait it out for a moment thinking that maybe he just needed to take some time. Maybe after everything that had occurred with the centipede there was still some lasting physical discomfort, but he had been given the all clear from Bruce. The guilt he had been pushing back suddenly burst into the forefront of his mind, and Steve couldn't allow this behavior any longer. He turned the water from warm to cold and waited through the discomfort for his erection to subside.
Steve settled back down against the bed and relaxed, letting his legs fall open for Tony. Soon he felt the next wet dip of tongue teasing his rim, circling around it before a careful probe inside. Steve's cheeks were heating up in a flush, he felt wet and used down there. Surely Tony would be tasting...himself...leaking from the abused hole. Steve found he was reacting more and more with each swipe of that wicked tongue over his skin. He shuddered and gasped, his hips jolted and his cock twitched with heated arousal.
“So what now? It's just over? You fell in love with someone else?” She had asked, while holding back tears.
“Are all the lords you assist male?” Steve asked in curiosity. While male on male relations were typically frowned upon in modern society it was determined to be acceptable when involving a concubine as they couldn't marry or inherit property. It was determined that it did no harm if a highborn noble had his male partners as long as he married a woman that gave birth to an heir. Although male concubines were still a minority they were often popular.
“I’m insufferable?! Good. That’s GREAT to know! I hope you haven’t sold that mansion yet because I can’t stand the sight of you right now.”
Nobody else follows her though instead asking to see Clint’s list of suggestions. Peter is still doubtful about the list but the group ask him what’s the harm in at least trying a few.
“That is, if you ignore the drool I sometimes wake up to in the morning on my shoulder, the jury is still out on that front.” Tony continues with a smirk, still trying to get a rise out of the blonde next to him.
This gets a laugh out of the group and Clint finally heads to the bar for those drinks as it starts to fades away.
Peter looks around the room and spots Mr Stark again. He’s bought another doughnut and is now sitting in a booth and having an intense discussion with Jessica Drew. Peter hadn’t seen her come in but they seemed at ease in the middle of their coffee meeting together.
“You and your shenanigans have been all anyone can talk about all week.” Fisk spits back at Peter “Nobody is getting any work done because of your games and yet you still have the entire department speaking your praises. I’ve had just about enough. I will not see you turn this workplace into a zoo. Why am I the only one who can see that this whole time you’ve acted no better than an ignorant child?”
Steve smiles a private smile as he looks back over at Tony “God no. We were like oil taking to water when we first started working together. Always wanting to yip when the other yapped. Desperately wanting to dislike each other but being unable to keep ourselves away from the other, always being drawn back in.”
Jess has shown up in a stunning black dress that clings to her body and accessorised with some understated droplet earrings, bringing out the red of the lipstick she always wore. She does look very out of place in comparison to what the rest of the patrons are wearing although Peter doesn’t think she is bothered by it.
Getting to his desk, Peter feels justified when he throws his head into his arms onto the surface in front of him and dramatically groans.
“Reckon Stark’s going to forgive you when he realises that you were trying to set up his man with one of his best friends?” Luke says sympathetically.
“I am able to go to his office most days without being kicked out so I’m a giant step ahead from when I first started working at Marvels.”
It’s a drawing of her in the middle of a board meeting, standing tall and impressive, looking over some photos T’challa is presenting and gracefully tucking her hair behind her ear.
“WHAT?” Sam yelps “But he’s a perfect specimen. He has interested parties lining up around the block for his attention. Why did he not tell me it had been such a long time?! I mean I knew he hasn’t really dated since high school. But months with nothing at all! I know plenty of awesome people I could have helped set him up with” his voice sounding closer to a whine to Peter by the end there.
Happy with himself. Peter then runs back out of the office and high-fives Luke as they head back down to their floor. Now all that was left to do is wait.
"Ooooooohhhhh," Luke says, clearly taking his girlfriend’s side over Peter’s, which really? How disloyal!
Well, it was fun while it lasted, Peter thinks to himself as he starts collecting all his things, knowing that Fisk could very well get his way no matter how much someone like Steve tries to speak up for him.
“I don’t care about your frivolous problems, Parker. All I know is this is the third time this week I’ve spotted you less than working when I have tasks I need doing.”
This manages to break Steve away from his conversation to look down at the human clinging to his middle, a slight blush spreading across his cheeks “You know I’m a sure thing right?”
Peter scowls lightly at Logan as he pulls out his phone, watching Tony and Steve share a brief but tender kiss.
“I was already in too. I gave you the list remember. Plus, Steve deserves good things and man would this be a good thing for him.” Clint observes.
Jones and Luke both try to stare disapprovingly but the wrinkles by their eyes give away they think Peter is funnier than they let on.
“He’s got enough to deal with. I can handle a few stupid comments. The man mostly ignores me anyway.” He schools his face back into a pleasant smile.
Feeling humiliated, Peter mumbles out how he accidentally left his camera in here, grabs it and runs out before either man can engage.
"Listen to that sarcasm. Barton is a bad influence on you." Luke chuckles silently as he pulls his girlfriend closer into him.
Tony huffs “We aren’t dumb. Steve was always our first option but he kept turning the job down.” The boss’s voice shifts to something a little more accusatory.
Pepper’s smile looks more genuine as she answers “Flattery will get you everywhere Steve. I may forgive your deceitful ploy yet.”
Peter nods. “I know and working here is a dream. It would be SO like me to have everything going well and then screwing it up because of the hideous choice of gift I pick for my boss.”
“This corporate chess game you are playing with Fisk can’t go on forever Tony” Steve’s glare is steely.
“No, wait Steve! You don’t have your bike remember?” Mr Stark whispers. “I’ll message Happy and he can take you both to your homes.”It seems to be directed to Steve privately but Peter’s head is a little too fuzzy now to really understand the meaning behind the secrecy.
“No, I already have a plan! I am a modern-day cupid so I’m pretty sure I’ve figured out who Steve’s soulmate is. Just wanna run them past you.” Peter is sure that whisky has kicked in now because he can feel his babbling state getting worse. It’s quite a pleasant state to be in and he’s forgotten why he thought drinking too much was a bad idea in the first place.
“Pfft easy,” Peter says sticking out his hand with false bravado. “This will be like taking candy from a baby”
“Steve was saying Mr Stark had an announcement coming up. He explained that he was a little worried about what it might be as we were looking over at Jess and Mr Stark getting coffee together. I guess Steve doesn’t approve of them being in a relationship or something.” Even as Peter says this he knows that it doesn’t sound quite right. There was still something here Peter wasn’t getting.
“You weren’t supposed to find out about that! Who told you? It was Felicia, wasn’t it? That girl never understood the definition of loyalty” Jones whines.
“No. That isn’t worth it, Steve. You are more important. Now stay awake until Pink Panther gets you some help.”
Sam doesn’t agree though “Nah. Steve has assured me a couple of times that something like that isn’t going to happen.”
“I can’t believe this! I’ve been here for years. My loyalty to Marvels is unparalleled and I still get cut to size at every turn. If it had been anyone else making the suggestion you all would have jumped on the story.” Fisk grips, seeming ready to make a big fuss.
“Exactly, I’m glad we are on the same page.” Steve agrees and then nods his head in a way as if to say he has won that argument.
“It might.” Sam defends, waving his arms dramatically in the air. “Peter could find someone that Steve doesn’t realise is perfect for him because Steve only sees himself as that scrawny teenage boy that hasn’t been through a growth spurt yet. Then this miraculous person will teach Steve to slowly accept that he is much more than that dweeb he once was and he’ll come to realise he deserves happiness and it could all end up working out really well.”
Peter gapes at her, feeling a sharp pang of betrayal hearing the old nickname. He watches Luke’s head raise quickly and runs his hand through his hair.
Steve takes a deep breath through his nose.“I have gone to work without wearing underwear once or twice.”  He says deadpanned, another peanut going into his mouth with a dramatic pop.
Peter decides to head to the staff kitchen and arrives to find Sam chatting with two sub-editors, Bucky and Logan, the former being Sam's fiance.
“Tony, you can’t let Wilson do this to Peter.” Steve demands. Great, it seems the Marvels rumour mill strikes again. Gossip really does spread like wildfire at this place.
“You’re right though” Clint says, snapping everyone out of the sober mood. “It never occurred to me earlier but Steve has always fancied the stylishly, confident type. The more I think about it, the more I can see where you are coming from.”
The crowd goes wild from that announcement. Peter wishes he could celebrate along with everybody else but didn’t dare make any sudden movements with the gun still in Fisk’s hands.
“What? How?” Peter’s flabbergasted at being caught out. “… gahh I’m sorry Steve. I was just trying to distract you from the whole Fisk vs Stark situation. Everyone was pretty concerned about you and your friends just want you to be happy. With Sam and Bucky tying the knot soon and Tony planning to propose tonight and-”
“Maybe not but I’m really good at you’re fired decisions, if you catch my drift,” Tony says back pointedly.
Tony stops what he’s doing and looks around at Peter, an indignant frown slowly growing on his face. “You think I would fire one of the company’s best workers because he makes me see red every now and then?” Mr Stark asks, one of his eyebrows raised.
Fisk only smirks and then the dick pulls out an actual gun and points it at the intern. Peter yelps, his mind spinning at a rate of knots.
Peter winces. He knew Steve and Tony didn’t get along but he hadn’t realised Tony had assigned someone to actively keep Steve at an arm’s reach. That doesn’t seem like healthy work habits.
Luke seems sceptical “I mean it’s a good picture Peter, but it’s hardly a love confession or anything.”
“Oh, I guess I’LL pay since you asked so nicely.” the boss says as he hands her his credit card. Jess just accepts the card happily, ignoring him.
“Pfft. Because insecurity is something you suffer from, is it Parker?.” Jones shoves him playfully as he clutches at his chest, feigning offence. “Steve is a closet romantic. Use all that disgusting romcom knowledge you have built over the years and you can’t fail”
Peter hums in response, desperately wanting to roll his eyes but resisting because despite what his girlfriend may say, he is a goddam adult.
“Wait, how are we getting to the bar? Are we taking your bike?” Peter asks anxiously. “Because Sam and Bucky have told me under no circumstances should I ever get on your bike with you Steve. They told me horror stories. Hell, even Luke felt the need to tell me to never ride with you and that man is a giant. Nothing should scare such a large man!”
Seeing red, Peter lashes out. “I always thought large gentlemen were meant to be jolly, Willie. Are you seriously mad at me because people find me personable? Well, let me clear something up for you. People don’t dislike you because you’re better than them, Fisk. They dislike you because you’re a dickwad”
“Shhhh sweetheart, it’s okay. You were so brave. I need you to keep breathing. You’re going to be okay. You stupid stupid man, I’m so fucking proud of you.” Tony hums out to Steve soothingly. “You are never allowed to do that again. What were you thinking? What if I had lost you?”
“You don’t know what you are talking bout people.” Rhodey says as he pops open another pistachio. “Not knowing would have been a blessing. Some of the things I've seen I will never unsee”
“Steve” Pepper calls, as she gestures him to come over. The blonde does and she pulls him into a hug. “The sketch is fantastic. You’ve really outdone yourself this time. T’challa come over and see it.”
“Oh. But T’challa seems so nice and nobody could run the company like Pepper.” Peter says softly to himself, his stomach dropping like a stone. He couldn’t think of anything worse for the company than passing over a leader like Virginia Potts.
Peter finds himself standing outside Steve’s apartment a couple of days later. He hovers outside the door, shuffling back and forth, unsure how he is going to be received.
“You are such an arrogant prick sometimes. Pretending to be this big-shot mentor figure when really all this act is about is making you feel good about yourself and the rest of the company is starting to find it insufferable Rogers.”
“This is no longer about the challenge, Sam.” Peter continues “Steve needs a distraction to pull him away from getting messed up further with dick face Willie. We are now talking about the greater good.”
“The fucker sneaks up on a man and steals his doughnut clean out of his hands. Remind you of anyone? The thing gobbled it up and cackled at the innocent victim. Poor man stood no chance to wicked ways of the bastard doughnut burglar. Spitting image of you.”
“Oops Tony. Did Clint and I cashew at a bad time” Peter cackles as he joins in on the nut throwing with Clint.
Peter watches the pair move off to the bar and grins at his epiphany. He is now very excited for the announcement Tony is planning on making later this evening.
That causes Peter to snort “That’s more than I deserve coming from you, Steve. I should be apologising for how much of a mess I made of everything the other night.”
Peter grins ear to ear from his work. Step 7 done. If nothing else at least they will be spending more time together in the coming week.
“YOU’VE HAD SEX?” Peter yelps mockingly and accidentally knocks Clint’s drink out of his grasp in the process. Peter shuts his eyes tight waiting for the telling sound of crashing glass. It doesn’t come though so Peter opens his eyes to find Clint has managed to catch it just before it hit the floor, barely spilling a drop.
Okay, so they are still mucking around. Relaxing again, Peter thinks back to rule number 74 Clint mentioned back in the meeting.
“Wilson said he wouldn’t be able to look at them for you until the end of the weekend. I just wanted to help.” Steve admits, a little small.
“Tony, you have to say Pepper is your favourite. No offence, but without Pepper, your company would no longer be standing.” Jess counters.
“Ow, low blow. The man had it out for me for no reason. Can you blame me for not taking him seriously?”
Peter’s cheeks are flaming red as he tries to block out the conversation. The group luckily had decided not to sign anyone’s name at the end of the letter, planning on dropping by Pepper reading it and telling her they’d seen Steve put it there. So at least they were safe on not getting caught out. But it was still an awkward place to be sitting in right now.
Tony Stark has always been a little bit of a legend in Peter's eyes. It was something Harry liked to make fun of Peter for when they were growing up. The first day of Peter’s internship he had held all his manly and very much not childish tears in when he had heard Mr Stark saying “God kid, I like your spirit. I’m going to make sure I monopolise your time here”.
Steve appears quite chuffed by Luke’s compliments while Tony seems to be debating on whether or not to be upset about being called adorable.
“Not necessarily.” Luke says slowly. “It’s just he’s come by the office a lot in the past few weeks. With all the rumours about the positions higher up opening up it’s making people pretty jumpy.”
Peter ducks his head shyly, feeling heat rise up his neck in embarrassment.“No it’s just- You see I – Well I know it’s not my business but -” he flails about.
Someone makes a sound like he is holding back his laughter at his friend's craziness. “You aren’t too good at this kind of decision making are you?” Rhodey asks.
“You two are good for each other.” Peter says against his better judgement, mumbling as tries to explain what he means. “You fit…. You know?”
He now realised that Steve and Tony tease each other all the time because they are each others opposite, they are attracted to the challenge the other presents. To put it bluntly, the two of them have been giving each other bedroom eyes in front of the company since Peter started at Marvels.
And then, out of nowhere, a flash of blonde passes in front of Tony’s horrified face, and a pained grunt follows the blonde blur. Time returns to normal and Tony is still standing there, completely unharmed.
“Nooo” Sam admits slowly “But the guy does have a knack of always being strangely aware of everything that is happening within this company.”
Peter shakes his head, exasperated. Ye of little faith Luke, he thinks as he hums to himself. “Please! Jones is no competition for me. I’m a sneaky bastard which she cannot compare to.”
Peter pauses for a second trying to catch up with Clint in his tipsy state. They were talking about how he met T’challa and then how the company was changing and then Pepper’s job….... Oh yes Pepper! Clint agreed with Peter’s match for Steve.
“Oh? What would you call it then?” Steve raises an eyebrow, looking smug at the bird nest in front of him.
Peter shakes his head at the man in front of him. The dummy probably thinks it’s unethical or something equally stupid. Which really, is fair because dating a coworker is complicated but it’s not against company policy, clearly as Luke works closely with his girlfriend. And Steve is all kinds of self-sacrificing! No way would anyone EVER think he’d date someone to take advantage of their position at work. Plus the man is just great so he shouldn’t be letting anything get in the way of potential true love!
Peter sweats, not wanting to come across as a blubbering dweeb and answers “Any credit should be given to Steve Rogers who has been guiding me through this internship. He’s mentoring has been above and beyond what I could have expected.”
Peter mulls over how they had come to that misunderstanding and finds that weirdly, the man had been Pepper’s shadow all week. What a bizarre coincidence.
Peter once again thinks about how it was good Tony had someone special. A day like this alone was too overwhelming for just one person. The fact that the man was able to share the horror of today with someone like Jess helped Peter decide that Steve was wrong about the couple. Maybe it was too early for them to get engaged but that was their decision. It was clear they both would support each other and make the other happy and Tony deserved that kind of love more than ever right now.
“Parker, you idiot. You need to be more careful. Steve is allergic to poppy seeds. Stuff like this can kill him.” Mr Stark says harshly.
Steve must communicate back to Mr Stark silently because suddenly Peter’s being manhandled towards the group still over by the pool table.
“Hey hon, thanks for listening to my sorrows but I’m going to have to call you back.” Hanging up the phone once MJ has finished sending kisses down the line, Peter directs his attention to the man in front of him. “Willie, that literally made you into such a creep. Way to be a cliché.”
Peter wants to disagree with Clint but the intern has only been here a couple of weeks and already seen how fast the rumour mill works in this company. Roger and Stark rivalry/“cold war” point and case.
“The bullet went clean through his shoulder. However, it looks like he’s going into shock. T’challa. We need the ambulance now!” Happy directs to the man that is already on the phone giving directions and a rundown of the craziness that has just occurred.
“You are important too.” Steve is still trying to grunt out, all while Tony shushes and fusses over him “You give me a purpose, somewhere to belong…..” The blonde’s eyes are starting to droop now. Tony’s face becomes tighter but his voice stays steady and soft as he comforts Steve.
“Oh well, I bet being mother henned by that living golden retriever is going to be wayyyyy more fun than any more time spent here with me, who is just plain awesome in comparison to Rogers.” Tony says in a sing-song voice, motioning as Peter left.
Peter couldn’t say how it happened but before he knew what he was doing, he’s tearing the sketch out of the book and running off to look for Luke.
It only gets worse when Tony brings up how he received a mysterious love letter in his office, blatantly saying how whoever wrote it must be the biggest sap in existence while Steve seems to get more and more uncomfortable by the conversation, his hands going into tight fists.
Once Rhodey steps out he gives Peter a smile and a nod as he passes to head back towards the elevator.
“Great” Steve says. “By the way, I came in here to let Peter know that the boss wants to chat with you when you are free.”
“HOW DID YOU CATCH THAT?” Peter narrows his eyes, trying to calculate whether the physics even allowed for such a feat.
“His book is a mess. There were plenty of pages already ripped out. I doubt he will notice this one until it’s too late. And by then he will be happily accepting a date because said picture has illuminated his feelings.”
“Wait, who is it we are hooking Steve up with?” Logan asks in a steady tone that still somehow is dripping with judgement.
“Tony...please don't I don't need to hear any of it right now.” As much as Steve didn't want to let go of the Avengers he knew what the reality would be. He'd be removed from the team. He couldn't function properly as long as he was experiencing this problem. “I'll go to Bruce, I'll submit myself for quarantine again. I'll...I'll do whatever-.” He flinched when he felt a hand on his shoulder and Steve looked up finally meeting Tony's eyes. What he saw wasn't disgust or anger it was...he didn't know what to call it. Tony's eyes were the deepest, purest Steve had ever gazed into. Warm pools like melted chocolate and framed by thick dark lashes. Tony's eyes when Steve took the opportunity to appreciate, were quite beautiful. Doe's eyes some would describe them, and Steve found himself lost, staring into them.
“Don't want you to have to jerk off alone, not when you could just...use me instead.” Steve stated boldly. Despite the intensity of his orgasm he wanted more, he wanted to have sex with Tony again, and remember how good it had felt before.
Tony smirked and quirked an eyebrow. "Who do you think you're talking to? I'm always prepared in the drawer on the left -don't give me that look- jerking off is better with lube and I've been a little stressed lately it takes the edge off..."
Steve's head snapped up. “Isn't it? It's why you've avoided me? I never intended for things to get so out of hand. I thought I was helping you, but I know now. I understand it all, you weren't being rational. The heat was so intense and you needed the relief. I don't want you thinking I'm like all those other alphas that can't control himself around an omega.”
“Steve you are not thinking straight. Come on snap out of it, we can't risk this thing getting out so we have to work together. It has messed with your head, and for whatever reason the serum isn't working on fighting it so I need you to concentrate and fight this!” The centipede blocked Tony, it clicked its mandibles together and spewed the cloud of pollen at him. Tony waved the powder away while he tried to cover his mouth to keep form breathing it in, but it was too late he felt the chalky substance in the back of his throat making him cough. No he could fight this he was better than this.
“Nonsense.” Tony waved a hand dismissively. “I actively have multiple projects at once, what is one more plus who know how long it will take Shield to issue you a new one and obviously I can make it better.”
Steve's cock was pressing more insistently against the fabric of his trousers, it throbbed sympathetically for touch, specifically Tony's touch, he watched the skillful fingers rub and fondle. By keeping his eyes on the paper Steve thought he could keep his focus on the drawing and wouldn't be tempted with lewd desires. Only the drawing was Tony nude, his cock full and luscious between his legs. No matter what Steve tuned his attention on it was filled with sexual energy.
Tony took in a breath, and moaned, leaning his head back against the bed. "hmmm you like them vocal Steve?" Tony asked as his body gave a pleasurable shudder. "I can be vocal I'm usually. Very -ahhh yeah- very vocal."
Bruce shifted a little bit in the spot he stood and looked down at a chart on the door. “Three days. I think you are past the worst of it, and the serum should take care of the rest. We will keep you here though for additional monitoring. Just in case, but I don't feel you are a danger to anyone.”
Business? Steve wondered was that business tracking himself? Sam? Natasha? And Wanda? Or was it more to do with the Sokovian accords. Asking would probably only cause their already delicate situation to escalate so Steve shrugged. "Let's say I'm traveling, and like you, looking for a place to unwind.”
Tony was more than a little intimidated, he hadn't dabbled in sex with another man since his college years and Steve had certainly been enhanced...everywhere. He wasn't obscenely large, but it still looked like a lot to take. Steve seemed to read Tony's distress and touched his cheek and kissed his lips lightly.
Steve had grown more curious about that circular light in his teammate's chest after that battle. All he knew was that somehow it kept Tony Stark alive and it had been implanted during his capture in Afghanistan. Other than those facts there was really no information as Tony had been incredibly secretive about the device. There had been some reports from Natasha during the palladium poisoning, but to Steve's disappointment many of the facts had been redacted from records. Judging from the lack of information Steve had deducted that Tony did not like to talk about it so Steve let his questions fester unanswered out of respect for the man's privacy. He figured that Tony had to be proud of his accomplishments though, the little circular light provided enough power to run the Iron Man suits. Any of the government agencies that had attempted to replicate the technology had run into several issues regarding powering the suits. Steve had written it off as Tony being cautious of his creations falling into the wrong hands. Steve had no clue how wrong he had been.
Comments, suggestions, spelling errors? By all means please let me know. Comments keep me going.  As I said before the reason this sequel even exists is for the ones that asked.
“Yes...Tony anything...I want you. I want to be inside you.” He babbled between heated kisses. “feel you when you come, hear you beg, Tony...god I've wanted this for so long!” Tony groaned at Steve's admission.
Tony nodded slowly, his eyes trailing over Steve's naked form. Steve's body was perfection, and Tony hungered for it. He wanted to touch, kiss, lick, every inch of that gorgeous body. Tony bit his lip a small moan escaping him as he bucked his hips up against Steve. Feeling the naked glide of skin on skin it was incredible "Yes that's so much better." Tony leaned up and kissed Steve urgently, his hands running over his chest.
“I don't want you to just settle...I want you to date and meet other people. I don't want you to be tied down on my account alright?” He touched his fingers to Tony's chin and lifted his head so he could meet his eyes. Steve leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony's in a light kiss. “I'm not saying we can't still do things together, and I did mean it that I want you again, but we won't be exclusive. Understand?”
Steve's shoulders sagged as he stared down at the floor, unable to look Tony in the eye. “So there it is...now you know what's wrong.” He stated in a small voice.
Steve got up from the bed and slipped on a pair of sweatpants making sure to adjust himself so his erection wasn't as obvious, and then pulled on a fresh t-shirt. Sleep wouldn't come easy, that he had learned the past few nights while squirming in discomfort from his persistent hard-on, so the best option was to run himself ragged. The gym was unoccupied at this time of night leaving Steve the opportunity to work out his frustration.
“I hate to say it but...Bruce and Stark have a point.” Tony raised his arms up in triumph.“BUT-” Natasha added with a hard stare at the engineer. “The second that thing does anything weird...I'm squishing it under a boot.” Steve let out an exasperated sigh. He didn't like this, at all, the centipede made his skin crawl the way it practically slithered about in the cage. All those legs moving together was plain creepy and unsettling. Maybe as long as it stayed in Tony's lab space he wouldn't have to look at it again.
Steve gave himself a slow stroke, closing his hand around the length and moving from the base all the way to the tip. He gasped and rubbed his thumb against the head as more fluid leaked out. The light touch to his behind made him jolt, but soon Steve was welcoming the soft probing touch from the centipede. Its mandibles stroked down over each cheek gently, tentatively and pressed in further the long red pincers spreading and clamping over Steve's supple behind. Its wet oozing maw enclosed over Steve's hole and applied a soft suction around the rim making Steve's hips shift and stutter.
“Going for this whole Grizzly Adams look?” Tony gestured at his face, indicating the beard. “Not bad actually.” He picked up a tablet from the desk and tried to make himself look busy in hopes that Steve would just go away. The Captain remained by the door just giving Tony his sympathetic kicked puppy look, and Tony just found it aggravating. “Was there something you needed?”
The last thing Peter really remembers from the night is everyone saying their goodbyes as Mr Stark and Steve help Peter into a car. Although he can vaguely hear someone saying something like “Travel safe Beloved.” as Peter tries to make sense of the words they slip away and are lost to the pleasant black that engulfs him.
Steve is huddled in pain as Tony grabs at the man and pulls him into his lap, stroking at his hair and whispering small encouragements into the injured man’s ear.
Wilson contemplates for a second. “It is the kind of insignificant job that would be more suited to your ... level of skill.” He snides. “I'll send them to you tonight. Go along Rogers. I’d just like a word with our young man here.”
Peter sighs, he's embarrassed but is internally grateful that Steve had gotten him home when he did. The night was pretty blurry from when Luke had started going on about mansions but he knows Steve had helped him home because the godsend had left a note telling him to drink the water and take the Advil he had left on Peter’s nightstand.
Peter wants to apologise for causing such a big blow out but can see that the boss has got dark circles under his eyes and thinks it probably isn’t the right time to bring it up. The intern twitches a little as Mr Stark waits for him to reply.
“Ahuh, forgive me for caring. Also name calling isn’t the smartest tactic really. Pepper is now going to find out because of spite.” Steve is trying to sound lighthearted but is still looking at Mr Stark all concerned like the mother hen that he is.
Fisk calls out to Peter as he sees him down the hall, wanting to yell about Peter’s latest photo submissions once again. His yell catches Peter by surprise causing Peter to stumble and letting the letter slip from his fingers.
“I’m sorry, Steve. But I don’t plan on doing this without you by my side….. I really didn’t love it when a bullet went through your chest.”
Bucky waits until Steve leaves before turning his full attention on Peter “Alright the challenge was just for fun before but this is now desperate times. I don’t know if it’ll be enough to dissuade Steve away from his pining but we need to get Steve’s attention on something healthy. Find someone to drag him away from this power play mess Fisk and Stark are currently engaged in. And quickly.”
“I think you mean something along the lines of you are the biggest mess of existence bordering the line of trash” Rhodey retorts.
Peter pinches the bridge of his nose. He needs to stop watching hallmark movies at 4 am once this is all over.
Steve, without breaking away from his current conversation with Sam, simply whips the bowel off their table and on to the one next to them.
“The success we’ve been having is a collaborative effort Fisk and you know it.” Steve sternly put to Fisk.
Steve rolls his eyes at his friends but turns and smiles at Peter, “We can do lunch today Pete, if you did want some help?”
Observing how they all radiate a confident and strong energy, Peter finds he is a little thrown by how the only one that matches the intensity of the strong brunette publisher was, surprisingly, from the broad-shouldered blonde picture editor. Steve is as huddled and as a part of the quickfire conversation as everyone else, not looking out of place with the higher-ups at all.
“Yeah” Tony says, as he strokes the hair at the nape of Steve’s neck gently “We’d like to think so.”
Peter watches the man go and feels nothing but relief. He isn’t sure if this means that this fixes anything and whether his job is secure again but he’s happy that he no longer has to share a working environment with Fisk. A feeling he’s sure many in the company share with him.
Logically, he knew that if Pepper and Steve didn’t want to be together you couldn’t force the thing. Finding a life partner isn’t that easy. Hell, Peter finding MJ was a freaking miracle if he thought back to all the obstacles that could have stopped that from occurring. But Peter had just been so sure about this Steve and Pepper thing, the whole office had been so sure.
They enter to hear a whole lot of people calling out their names and ushering them over to one of the larger booths towards the back.  Sam and Bucky are on the right side of the booth looking at something on Bucky's phone, Luke is sitting opposite them with his girlfriend (Peter's old high school buddy and now a journalist for Marvels) Jessica Jones and Clint is standing by the booth, doing something that is pissing Logan off. It looks strangely like he is repeatedly poking Logan in his side. Everyone has smiles on their faces and move to make room for the two of them when they get closer.
Perpetually single Steve was not as single as he led everyone to believe. He had someone after all. And that someone was none other than the boss. Holy shit, they are together-together.
“Seriously Punk, stop being a stubborn idiot and lay off on Stark. I know you guys have your differences but you are really stepping on the guy’s toes. It’s coming across like you don’t think he can fill his father’s shoes and you know how well Stark takes opinions like that.”
“Hey! I thought we’d moved past that point now spiderboy. I’m only answering to Tony from you and nothing else.” Tony interrupts.
“Heathens. The lot of you.” Tony crosses his arms but his smiles seems to lit up further. Tony then sees Steve has dropped frosting sugar from one of the pastries the blonde’s eating on his jacket. The boss reaches across and carefully brushes the sugar away. “Cmere, let me fix that.”
Feeling low and needing a pick-me-up he decides to see what he had managed to catch on his camera before it had run out of batteries. He loads up the footage and starts skimming through it. Not staying on any of it for too long because he’s not interested in spying on his co-workers, just wants to reminisce over the place he’s probably getting kicked out of any minute now.
Luke snorts, hiding it behind his hand once again as Jones scrunches her nose. “You truly are the worst Parker. You clearly have never been in the kitchen helping during thanksgiving.”
As Peter enters the elevator to head up to the level with Mr Stark and Pepper’s offices, he thinks about the task ahead of him.
The elevator is now extremely uncomfortable with nobody seeming daring to speak. It makes Peter antsy to say the least.
Peter likes Jessica. She was another one of the scarily efficient women that worked at Marvels but she was also one of the only employees that is closer to Peter’s age. While intimidating, she understands a lot of Peter’s references and trying to get her to crack up has become one of Peter’s favourite office activities.
Luke slumps his shoulders in defeat “I need new friends” he murmurs as he picks up the glasses to take to the bar, kissing Jones’ temple before leaving. Jones watches him go, smiling.
“MJ, I’ve truly done it this time. I’m pretty sure nobody could manage to screw up as much as I just did.” Peter’s chest is extremely tight and his breath is coming out in short pants.
“Oh, that’s a good one. I’d like to see you last one week with Steve without me running interference” Rhodey teases “You owe me the company with how much I’ve helped with the two of you.”
What’s worse is Steve’s black mood has grown blacker as the hours pass. Mr Stark’s reprimand has caused Steve to become so insufferable that Peter really hasn’t had any kind of opening to implement a plan even if he wanted to.
“Good to meet you young man. Tony has done nothing but brag about you and your abilities. You must be doing some fine work here to receive such high praise.” T’challa introduces as he holds his hand out to shake Peters's hand.
Bucky makes a sound of protest and Logan rolls his eyes as he leaves the room. “You’re all such softies.”
“Ughh, if I find out the Marvel rumour mill is like a gossip girl type situation I’m going to throw up. Jones better watch her back. She’s quippy and I’m quippy and when we get together we quip but quipwise, I think that I’m the better quipper. She has no chance.”
“Learn to knock Honeybear! I’m starting to think you enjoy the eye full you’ve been getting on occasion”
“Tony and Pepper have come to really value T’challa opinions since working with him last time.” Jess explains “With Stark taking roles of editor-in-chief, publisher and owner, he reached out to ask T’challa to be around so that the load is shared around a little more.”
Peter freezes. Clint has known Steve for years. Despite his better judgement Peter can’t help but think that getting Clint’s opinion might be very useful. As the man goes to turn away Peter, thinking quickly as the whisky starts kicking in, throws himself on Clint’s arm to stop him.
Peter watches as Steve’s gaze follows after Mr Stark intensely and feels extremely bad for the blonde. Peter can tell he’s clearly trying to get along with Mr Stark but the boss seems to take everything Steve says the wrong way. Mind you, even Peter could have told Steve that eating your boss’s food doesn’t come across as a joke to most. That sort of humour would only work on clowns like Bucky and Clint.
Oh! Peter thought dumbly. Mr Stark’s ring! No wonder Steve was worried if he also knew about the boss’s ring! It’s got to be too soon for Mr Stark to be wanting to propose. There’s a high chance she thinks it’s too soon and says no and that could end up really messy. Knowing these colleagues and their love for drama, the whole company could be split down the middle as everyone takes either Jess or Mr Stark’s side. It would create a complete wreck.
Peter decides to leave the sketch on top of Pepper’s laptop to make sure she couldn’t miss it. He also adds a small red heart on the back of the sketch just to help Pepper out a little further.
Steve throws Peter another questioning look but Mr Stark interrupts “Yes. Absolutely Pepper. That is the right answer. Pepper is a godsend.”
“I should have known!” Pepper rubs a hand at her temple “I was Tony’s walking talking planner there for a while. He couldn't wipe his bum without me knowing. I have no idea how he pulled this off. Extremely disappointed in myself!”
Feeling chuffed but still slightly ashamed that he ruined Tony and Jess’s moment, Peter heads over to where Luke is chatting to a few of the others.
“Being the good friend that I am, I thought I should let you know what your apparent partner thinks of you.”Sam says slyly “Last week he called you a pretend boy scout who is actually an understated asshole.”
“Yeah. Hypothetically I would lo- really like to be with someone like that” Steve says softly, no longer paying attention to Peter.
“Office relationships are tricky, Peter. At first we didn’t want to advertise our relationship in case we didn’t last. We needed time to figure out if this was going to be a serious thing, so it made more sense to keep it to ourselves” Steve explains while Tony is sending off text after text at a mile a minute. “People already treated being around the two of us like they were in a war zone thanks to our rather infamous and explosive beginning at the company. Could you imagine how much more complicated everyone’s dynamic with us would have been if they knew we were trying out a relationship? And if that relationship hadn’t lasted?”
If Steve didn’t have a crush on Pepper and one takes her out of the equation that leaves us with…. Oh shit!
Peter does not shriek when Clint appears behind him. He doesn’t, no matter what the man tells others later. It was a low guttural sound. No where near the sound of a shriek.
“Ah and once again the joke is on me. Should have seen it bloody coming. I’m a glutton for punishment and you are all enablers.”
Steve bristles for a second before all the fight seeps out of him and his face floods with guilt. “Yeah, okay. I see your point. I’m going to go see Pepper before her meeting with T’challa now. If I run into Stark I’ll let him know that I’ll back off Wilson for him.”
Pepper laughs at this, putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder “I better be getting back to Tony. He has a heap more work he has to get through before he can even think about leaving tonight. T’challa is coming again tomorrow. Would you drop by to show him these?” Steve nods, the slight dismay badly hidden in his eyes as Pepper turns with a toss of her red hair.
“You were so excited we couldn’t tell you no. It would be like shooting a small dog.” Sam says with a smile.
“And lets be honest” Steve adds “Fisk is lucky to have had this all go down before your promotion was announced because you are a much more dangerous enemy to go up against than Mr Softie over here.”
“Come on Stark, you should be setting a better example of yourself to the youth present in the room. Wouldn’t want them getting the idea that Pepper is the one that runs the show around here would you?” Steve snarks lightly, looking as if he is enjoying the back and fourth.
He doesn’t have to magic up some miracle partner for Steve because Steve already has the perfect girl in front of him......And it kinda looks as if Steve might have a bit of a crush on her already, if his body language is anything to go by.
Pepper pulls out the folded drawing and Peter holds his breath. If they were going to be caught out, now was the moment it was going to happen. He crosses all his fingers and toes.
“Pathetic? Congratulations Willie. You have reached a new record. You’ve officially underestimated me 100 percent of the time. That’s how we ended up here, remember?”
Peter freezes up, moaning in despair at his bad luck. Fisk is storming across towards Steve, daggers in his eyes.
When Sam and Bucky said this was going to be a challenge they weren’t lying. Peter hadn’t noticed Steve check out anyone in the cafe.
Peter snorts a little at the idea of Pepper sending Happy to warn off Peter. Happy may have used to work as security but he doubts Pepper wouldn’t want to handle something like that herself. Happy isn’t as intimidating as he thinks he is. Boxing training or not.
“But if we did, I think it could come across as a continuation of September's article while showing a more four-dimensional picture,” Rhodey argues back.
“I couldn't save..them...I-I couldn't...save...them!” Steve's insides twisted and a wave of anxiety filled him when he heard that voice. His reaction was automatic, he turned from the group and retreated back down the hall.
Steve drew out basic shapes and lines in a hard lead pencil. It was lighter and wouldn't show on the finished product as much and could be erased easily if mistakes were made. He glanced up at Tony spread out luxuriously on the small decorative sofa, the way the candlelight glinted on the gold chains and the contrast of it against his olive skin. Steve felt his mouth going dry again and reached over to the side table for his goblet of water. He was still blown away by how alluring Tony was, his body, his features, Steve found him mesmerizing.
“No we can't just drop it.” Steve replied and took a step towards Tony his hands out in a placating gesture. “Because it never should have happened, we never should have been apart. I should have been there for you we should have fought Thanos together and maybe...maybe it would have been different. You'd still have your arm and...and...”
Steve reached up and took Tony's metallic prosthetic in his hand and pressed a kiss to the metal palm. Tony involuntarily shivered as his body registered the soft touch of Steve's lips. “You shouldn't have had to go through this alone.” He whispered gently and trailed his fingers down over the metal surface. Tony reached up and stroked his fingers over Steve's beard, letting the course hairs tickle and scratch over the artificial hand.
“Hey there soldier.” Tony purred and he turned onto his side, so Steve could get a good long look at Tony's hardened cock. “Mind helping a fella out?” Steve's mouth felt dry...it was all so overwhelming. His skin felt hot, his clothes were warm...way too warm, and his pants felt unbearably tight as his own cock stiffened.
Then again as Sam had mentioned, they may be more open to posing in potentially uncomfortable positions for long periods without complaint. Steve wanted desperately to practice his anatomy drawing, the human body was such a beautiful thing in his eyes.
Tony shook his head. “I don't care...and we don't have to tell anyone. I can keep this quiet. No one will know until I'm a little older, and I don't care what my father would say. There is nothing he could do to keep me away from you. Steve..please...”
“Y-Yes-I do-Tony h-harder!” Steve begged. The way Tony was able to move his hips, the swivel the angle and position it was all so perfect as if he knew exactly what would feel best on Steve's cock. Tony rocked back, driving himself down and taking Steve's length good and deep, he began to moan himself. It was a beautiful sound to Steve.
The centipede pulled back, the trails of Steve's seed flowed freely out of its maw as it wriggled out from beneath him. Neither Steve or Tony were capable of feeling any shame, in fact Tony just found the whole image insanely hot. The rhythmic clenching of Steve's channel around Tony's cock sent Tony reeling into his second orgasm. He thrust into Steve for a few more strokes as he rode out the waves of of his pleasure.
“Fuck-me...” Tony muttered as he watched the creature rim Steve's come dripping ass. Steve was holding his thighs open and rocking his hips, rubbing his rear against the wet mouth. His blonde hair was mussed, there was still fluid from the centipede's dick smeared at the corner of his mouth, his own come was drying on his chest and abdomen. Steve's cock was still hard and wet from the centipede's maw, fresh come still dripping from the tip, was there no satiating the captain's insane sexual appetite? It appeared that Tony was going to follow along that path as well, he looked down as his own cock valiantly filled once more and grew stiff within seconds. He wondered if he could market this thing's pollen as a male performance drug. Beat this Viagra!
Steve had grown up in the poorer district of the city, he had lost his mother at a young age and lived on the streets with his best friend Bucky. They both had aspirations of rising up and earning their way into the comforts of the higher classes. For a couple of orphaned scrappy kids that meant only one thing, joining their lord's army. If they proved loyal, efficient in battle or even popular in the tourney's they could earn land, gold, any number of things. They had seen it happen. Only Steve suffered from severe health problems, he was short, scrawny, could barely hold a weapon let alone last in a fight against a larger opponent, but Steve never gave up.
“Well if it's a vote, I vote we kill it the thing is gross looking.” Clint said while warily eyeing the cage. It was two to two which meant they needed a tie breaker and that left Natasha. The four of them looked to her for the final word. Natasha sighed while she pinched the bridge of her nose.
Steve tilted his head slightly. Buy him a drink? Was this a game to Tony? He knew he couldn't get drunk. So that wasn't going to give him an upper hand, and it wasn't like drugging him would work either so what was Tony trying to pull? Well he could play this game too. "I don't take drinks from strangers. Going to have to tell me your name first."
Steve's hands roamed up Tony's back and clung tightly to the fabric of his shirt. He felt the need to touch heated skin, to caress, kiss, and lick whatever he could gain access to. It took every ounce of self control not to rip Tony's shirt from his body. Tony walked Steve towards the bed until the back of Steve's knees hit the edge. He dropped down and gazed up at Tony with hunger.
"Well personally a good time always includes a good blowjob." Tony undid Steve's belt then his pants, unzipping them. His eyes darted up to Steve's briefly before easing his hand into his pants and coaxing Steve's large erect cock out. Last chance for him to back out. Tony sank down to his knees, holding Steve by the base and leaned forward to lick the tip, lap up the precome leaking out. Steve watched Tony intently, he took a slow breath in anticipation, his cock twitching. He gasped when Tony licked him.
“I-I don't...understand...” Steve stammered out quietly. “Why are you here? I thought...I didn't think you'd want...” He swallowed hard and dropped his head. It was hard to talk to him, after days of quarantine and thinking of the worst ways this conversation could turn out. There was so much that Steve wanted to say, but now he was at a loss for the words he had obsessively worked over in his head.
“ It won't be long now, we've been at this for hours already, your mind is already starting to fracture.” Thanos held up the gauntlet, the stones all present glittered in the low light. He leaned forward and gave Tony a sympathetic look. “I'm giving you your paradise you just have to let it happen. Every time it gets easier and easier to just let go doesn't it?”
“You're so gorgeous Steve.” Tony blurted out. Steve smirked slightly as he put a knee onto the bed and joined Tony, now nothing between them.
Pepper pressed a finger to Tony's lips to quiet him. “I heard you, but now you listen to me. You obviously came here for advice and you are going to hear me out. There are plenty of same sex couples out there that are alpha and beta. You have managed this long to remain undiscovered and you have had plenty of relationships with female alphas. It is not uncommon Tony. You are being paranoid. You never know, this could end up being very good for you, and for Steve. You are stubborn and one of the most difficult individuals that I have to deal with, but you have such a big heart Tony. As much as you try and deny it. I am asking you to try. That's all.” She pulled her finger away from him and waited patiently for his response.
Tony swiped his thumb over the tip of his cock, it was wet and slippery from the leaking precome. He let out a soft moan as his imagination took hold, fantasizing about Steve playing with his cock, squeezing the base and a nice slow stroke up to the head. There was a bite from the heavy material of the gloves, if he went too fast it created too much friction and there was risk of causing some chafing if he wasn't careful, but maybe a little lube would help things along.
Hung unanswered in the air. Tony was the first to break eye contact and with a cough walked up into the bay doors. Steve sighed and looked back at the warriors of Wakanda and they offered their salute, crossing their arms across their chests. Steve nodded and repeated the gesture.
As he stood by the window Steve was unsure exactly how he felt. He should feel relieved, but if not for the centipede he and Tony never would have gotten to where they were now. Steve never would have admitted his feelings to himself let alone tell Tony how he felt.
“Steve...” Bruce began. “I know it isn't easy to talk about, and I'm not saying it has to be me, but..S.H.I.E.L.D. has a lot of professionals that could help you if you wanted to-”
The problem wasn't just the heat. Steve determined that early on once Tony had been taken off the suppressants. Their first time together since Tony had stopped taking the pills Tony had nearly balked once his body began to self lubricate. In fact he had grabbed Steve's hand to stop him from touching or going anywhere near his ass once his hand had traveled south settling on his thigh and reaching back behind. From there Steve noticed all of the little things that were just so omega in Tony, and he never had caught before. Tony was on the shorter side, and although he wasn't considered super skinny his build was on the more slender side in comparison. Tony's lashes, were so long and framed his beautiful expressive eyes it wasn't a typical male feature. Tony like most men possessed body hair, but Steve noted it was finer, lighter than most, his skin was smoother and it was disheartening to realize all these features that Steve adored...Tony despised.
“as I said before thank you again everyone for coming tonight.” Tony was standing tall with a glass of sparkling in his hand, looking out proudly at the gathering in front of him while Pepper is standing off to the side and eyeing him as if bracing for impact. “I’m grateful to have come in contact with each and everyone of you. Especially the amazing people I’m lucky enough to have as employees. You’ve made this transition after my father’s passing alot easier. And though I’ve never needed anyone to help me build this company, being lucky enough to have you all here has been the greatest privilege.”
“Pepper, be grateful he chose me to be the parental supervision this time. I can’t wait to be out of this nightmare. The man has been driving me up the walls” Rhodey gripes.
Nobody moves. They all just stare at him in horror. It’s about now that Peter needs the ability to turn invisible because he wants to be anywhere but here.
“Sorry Wilson, but we decided to go with the Wakanda story this month.” Mr Stark lets Fisk down tentatively.
It’s a known fact that Mr Stark is charismatic and quite generous when it comes to giving his affection to men or women. The gossip magazines have written numerous articles about the many people that have come and left through Mr Stark’s revolving door. Rag’s words, not Peter’s! But did Rhodey say something about a ring? Is Mr Stark thinking of proposing to someone?
“No! Stop taking on so much and let other people handle their own shit Rogers. You are not helping.”
He’s making himself a distraction, Peter thinks, he’s hoping if he can keep Fisk’s attention on him long enough either Happy of Steve can do something to disarm the man.
“Thank god.” Sam shouts, shooting his arms out and causing his drink to slosh over the side of his glass a little. “No offence Tony, but none of us could understand how that man became the Artistic Manger in the first place. Especially when the company has somebody like Steve working there”
Just before he exits out the door he manages to catch Logan saying with amusement “I enjoyed that. Good meeting.”
Fisk is now steaming from the ears. “Pack your stuff, Parker. There’s no chance we will be seeing you back here on Monday.” The large man charges back into his office and slams the door. <\br>
“Oh, is that how it is? And here I was thinking I’d help out on this supposed challenge Sam and Bucky were telling me about.” Clint starts to make a scene. “But after that, I’ve now seen a strapping brunette over there, begging for a dance with this one and only so if you’ll excuse me.”
“Well, that does give me some wider context.” T’challa says “Steve Rogers is not known for giving compliments that are underserved. In fact, I heard he once told a coworker to walk off a broken toe because Steve needed them to get three hours' worth of deliveries done for him.”
“Isn’t he bli-” Clint starts but is cut off by someone kicking him under the table. From the direction of Clint’s glare Peter assumes it was from Steve. “What was that for, old man?”
Steve’s face lights up as he holds out his left hand. It’s sleek simply gold band with the inscription
“It’s perfect. I am about to be the luckiest guy on the planet.” Steve looks at Tony warmly, pressing a kiss at the boss’s hairline.
“Hmm, maybe tomorrow. Today’s booked out by more important things unfortunately.” Steve jests, looking quite pleased with himself.
“Say what you want about the man, his work does more than impress me.” Stark counters, his expression changing into something that would have resembled pride if it had made sense in the context.
The tightness in his expression indicating his frustration that the boss is making a decision before consent has been received from all parties.
Logan grunts and doesn’t add anything further but isn’t shooting any of the suggestions down either which Peter takes as confirmation that the man is on board.
Logan chucks Clint a displeased glare. “Mmm, there was our first mistake. They were your suggestions.”
It sounds as if he’s going to leave but he stops just at the door and looks back at Tony. “I know you said you have it covered Tones bu-.”
“Ughh, fine don’t tell us then. We all know it’s Pepper anyway.” Peter turns away from the conversation and back to his camera again, not seeing Steve cock his head before shaking it in dismay.
“Peter, how over the last week have you observed Steve’s morning coffee runs, Steve’s sketch book, even crashed one of Steve’s dates and you’ve still not figured it out? I’m starting to think you are being purposely obtuse”
Having been receiving mentoring from Steve, Peter has come to see why everyone in the company looks up to the guy. Hell, Peter’s respect for him is close to, if not matching Mr Stark’s now, which is no small feat. Peter is keen to help give back to the man that had done so much for him these last couple weeks.
“I think that’s just an excuse you throw out whenever you want to avoid having to do your job! End of the day you are too afraid to get your hands dirty Stark”
Great. Thanks a lot Luke, Peter thinks as he scratches the back of his neck, he may have not told Luke that what he and Steve had been chatting about needed to be kept secret but he had GREATLY implied it.
Peter secretly smiles as he walks away. He’s glad to be leaving with the feeling that everything is going to work itself out after all.
Not because Mr Stark doesn’t care, he’s shown the contrary. But Peter can see Pepper has several thousand other things for the boss to do and Mr Stark must trust the other man in his office to do a better job than he would himself.
Peter is ecstatic. He can hardly believe it ended up being so easy. No need for applause, Peter thinks to himself triumphantly, just throw me some cash and that’s gesture enough. Luke pats Peter on the back in congratulations and T’challa wonders over curiously.
Peter knows he’s been working well with Steve and would predict Steve has good things to say about him in terms of his work ethics if asked. Peter also knows that when he screws up it tends to be colossal. So if/when Peter does inevitably make a mess of something surely Steve would feel inclined to go easier on him. Knowing Peter was the one who found Steve someone he is ecstatic to be with.
Could he have put his foot any further into his mouth? What guy wants to be accused of being desperately single by the new kid from their workplace? I am such an idiot, Peter thinks pathetically, wanting to slam his face into the table.
Steve is a great guy though and well….. he’s seen the hit 90s classic Clueless. Cher’s debating grade went up THREE whole marks once she got her teacher in a romantic relationship.
“One day I will throw more than a shoe at him” Pepper sighs as everyone else picks up their belongings and follows Mr Stark out the door.
Oh no Steve, Peter mentally face palms. Too many quips. Brain overloading. The poor man was screwed. There is no way Tony’s going to let that comment slide. It’s like watching a lamb to the slaughter.
“Go on kid. Tell us. I have a feeling this is going to be good.” Logan says, an excited smirk on his stupid face.
Peter slinks his way through the door and closes it behind him. He looks around at the large office that is full of posters and designs for past and upcoming issues of Marvels. There are several empty coffee mugs on the desk, a million different wires connected to the monster computer with a triple monitor set up, and post-it notes on every surface seen by the naked eye. It can only be called a mess but that is exactly how Peter imagined Mr Stark’s office would look like. The post-it notes are quite amusing too. At least ones Peter is able to subtly read.
On Monday, Clint takes the reins by demanding Steve model an outfit so Clint can adjust the styling. Steve looks ready to complain but Clint can be pushy when he puts his mind to it and is hustling Steve to the bathroom with the clothes before the blonde can properly object.
Peter stumbles into the building the next day, nursing a terrible hangover and searching with all his might for a will to live. He gets through the door only to be stopped immediately by Jess who sees him hurrying in.
“That has to be the most civil conversation I’ve seen between you and the boss.” Peter observes. “You may learn how to communicate with him yet.”
Peter Parker had discovered at the beginning of the summer that he’d recieved a photography internship at one of America’s most successful business magazines and well, to say he had been blown away would have been an understament. Aunt May struggled to get him to calm down for a much longer time than is probably acceptable.
Steve stands there considering, while T’challa glances sidewards and sends Peter a knowing smile. Peter shifts, a little uncomfortably. He keeps his face passive, worried that the serene man could see right through Peter’s charade and praying that if he does then he doesn’t blow the whistle on him.
Sam seems to be contemplating this as Luke chimes in “We’re in.” gesturing to himself and his girlfriend “Purely to see the look on all your faces when this continues to backfire.”
“I feel like the amount of people saying that to me lately has increased severely this week. And people wonder about my bruised ego.” Peter mutters to himself
Peter looks around, trying to gauge whether this had been some kind of sick prank the office had collectively played on him. But the faces of his friends and coworkers are equally as shocked as he is at the sight in front of them. Nobody was aware this relationship was happening.
Clint’s eyes darken with glee “Good point.” Clint then starts pelting empty nut shells at the boss with terrifying accuracy.
“Okay, I think Peter has had enough for today. I better help him home.” Steve interrupts with a smile, grabbing Peter’s jacket for him.
“No way! I think you’d find people saying I’m the lucky one in this relationship.” Tony says, his voice firm.
“I’m already calling 911. I have a feeling you have a lecture from a lovable but scary blonde in your future.”
“And thank god they are no longer acting like their heads are stuck up their asses.” Logan adds, lips tugging upwards as the pair turn and glare at him.
“Oh no. Not Steve.” Luke informs, a much better man than Peter because there isn’t even a hint of a gloat in his tone. “There was a bet on whether you and Drew were dating. Most of the company on the side of affirmative.”
“Oi, I’m not a cockblocker!” Peter cries out, indignant “I’m Steve’s self-appointed Love Guru which, if anything, is the opposite of a cockblocker. I’m a COCK FACILITATOR.”
Yinsen finishes shaving, before pulling the mirror off and walking over to him. Tony sits up and takes it but doesn’t bother really looking at it. Yinsen doesn't seem to notice his lack of curiosity and simply walks over to the fire and stirs around in the pan, whistling. Tony doesn’t prompt him, but the conversation still starts in almost the same way. Another point for the echo hypothesis.
Steve is gripping him harder, fingers flexing and relaxing everytime Tony pulls his tongue in and sucks hard. His hips are shifting, thighs flexing and opening just a little wider when Tony wets his bottom lip, pulls it into his own mouth and bites down. It opens Tony’s own legs, adjusts his balance and forces him to settle more into the solid line of Steve’s lap and less on his own knees. Shifting back and forth, Tony can just make out the tell tale firmness right under his own balls.
“How long was I out there?” His voice is soft and raspy, pressed firmly into the top of Tony’s head. For a moment Tony lets the question lay there, just burrows his face deeper into Steve, breathes and shudders with the relief of how warm he feels now.
Nothing in the scan gives him any reason to keep hoping, but he can’t turn back now. No matter how the chilled air seems to seep in all around him, no matter how the dark expanse of the night and storm blur the world, no matter how much he hates himself for even being here, he can not turn back now. Turns out Tony didn’t need to send the guy a burner phone to promise he would come in his time of need. Everyone knew he would, no one was even surprised when Tony bursted into that dilapidated safe house in eastern ukraine and demanded the runaway captain’s last known location.
For a moment Tony thinks Steve is just going to spend the rest of his life with his face mashed into Tony skin. Which, admittedly, wouldn’t actually be all that terrible, but then Steve shifts. He leans back, uncurls himself a little, presses into the hand still resting between his shoulders. When he meets Tony’s eyes this time, there is a determined furrow in his brow.
Steve’s hands stop kneading into the meet of his ass to start running up and down his back, long sweeping movements that settle Tony further. It gets tender, grows sweet and soft and so achingly gentle Tony isn’t sure anything before even happened. His chest is still heaving, he is still gulping down great breaths every time they seperate an inch, but it feels slower. His lungs fill, his diaphragm expands and his heart thump thump thumps in his chest like a deep base rhythm.
There are nights, more often than not really, that Tony sits alone in this same room for the exact same reason. It is the least lonely room in the whole Tower, even completely empty. There is a ring on the coffee table from the time Clint left a McDonalds cup on it for three days. There are six pairs of shoes stacked on the far wall, all but two Natasha’s (the other two have been there for months and can only fit Bruce or Clint, but both completely refuse to take ownership). One of Thor’s jackets is always tossed on the back of the red recliner closest to the kitchen and there is always a few recipes tossed on the side table next to it, always different, always picked up by the cleaners before lunch and always re-spawned by dinner. Sometimes Bruce leaves a mug of cold tea on the coffee table, sometimes Natasha leave a few knifes on the window bench next to Steve’s sketchpad and pencils. Even now, a stack of papers Tony left there yesterday sits in it’s usual spot just adjacent to Clint’s ring on the table.
How could he go so long without Tony’s fingers in his hair? How did he not realize it all came back to this feeling, that it all came back to this man?  His voice shakes, he can’t control it. “Tony, god, Tony it was about you. It all, it was you.”
“You’re gonna rot your gut straight through one of these days, Stark.” Steve calls from the entryway and it’s like a string is pulled taught in Tony’s forehead with how quickly he snaps up his gaze. He tries to save face by hiding his surprise in a long swallow of his scotch, but by the furrow in Steve’s brow it seems waisted.
The ninth time he yanks the tube out, he thinks he really can not do this again. Nine may not be a very large sample size, but Tony is just sick enough of the screaming and coughing to decide he’s got enough to convince himself. Definitely looping. When Yinsen gives him the mirror this time, he gives it his full attention. During the last iteration, he’d caught a glimpse of himself in murky water just before forcing forward enough to die by electrocution.
“Get out of here and go torture Steve for a little while.” she pushes Peter over in the direction of the booth where Steve was sitting chatting to Logan.
Peter though, knows that Steve would eventually grow kinda of bored of someone like that. Steve likes people that are sharp-witted or opinionated or passionate.
Peter, too tired to feel anything further, just mumbles something along the lines of “Probably not. It was nice knowing you guys.” Pushing any thought of the velvet ring box out of his mind.
“Okay Newbie, hazing activity #126. Getting your ass kicked at pool" Clint says as he drags Peter up and motions him towards a cue.
As the squabbling pair focus back to Pepper, Peter watches a couple of people let go of their breath, something they often do when Mr Stark and Steve look close to a confrontation.
“I like the new look, Steven.” T’challa wonders over warmly. He puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder in a reassuring manner “You seem very tense though. Your friends shouldn’t coarse you into tasks that make you so uncomfortable.” Steve sends the man a grateful smile.
On Tuesday, Luke and Jones help Peter write the sappiest love letter possible. It is probably a bit much but Peter wants to make sure the picture is much clearer for Pepper to recieved this time after the disaster that was the drawing last week.
“I wouldn’t have thought that was possible,” Peter grumbles quietly “The asshole insinuated the other day that I had the face of a chump and that I’d never have anyone who believed in my work.” he squeezes his hands into a fist and tries to stay calm. How did a man who Peter barely knew make him so angry?
When Tony looks at the Steve though his face becomes a goofy smile instead of the usual scowl Peter would have expected.
“WTF. Are you crazy? You cannot be actually that insane right now? How is shooting up the place going to make your position any better?” Peter reasons, hands up in the air and suddenly very aware of how one wrong move could be his last.
Peter looks back over at the two lovebirds and observes the smile on both their faces. They don’t look smitten yet but they will soon be!
Peter pulls himself straighter, trying to show Bucky the confidence he was just feeling. “I can work hard on my own just fine” Peter says, definitely not pouting a little as he does.
Looking up and seeing now Pepper and Rhodey sharing a look now, Peter wishes he had been working here longer like everyone else in the room.
“We’ve gotten a lot done but today we hit a snag, Steve. Taking a break might help give us some perspective later.” Jess puts a hand on his shoulder to assure him.
“It’s not just me that thinks that though Steve,” Peter argues “Everyone at the company talks about how you haven’t been treated fairly for the last couple of years. Steve, you do ten times more work than almost anyone at Marvels. Hell, you do almost as much as Stark himself and he’s the definition of married to his work!”Peter rants watching Steve’s forehead furrow but not being dissuaded.
Peter is very lucky to have MJ. She was his better half. She wasn’t just his girlfriend but his best friend and the only one who knew him better than he knew himself really.
“It’s not like I’m taking anything he says seriously but the man is still technically an employee. What more am I meant to do? I can’t force the man to like the interns. Just like I can’t force him to come to work or force him to care more about his department. You know Fisk said the only way he will start to commit more is if I take on more of his ideas and I refuse to be stronghold-ed in such a way Steve.”
“Ooohhh we could be like a mascot team! How cute would that be? And I could make us all matching shirts that we could all wear next week!” Clint starts to gesture frantically.
Bucky sighs “I tried. Have been subtly suggesting different dates since I figured it out but the picky bastard always weasels his way out of it.” Sam snorts in disbelief.
Peter is about to cheer on a scheme going right but really, he should have known better. Something must have come up for Pepper as she ends up sending Mr Stark in her place and the night just falls apart from there. Peter is ready to stab himself with his spoon at this point.
“Whoa Fisk, aren’t we going a little far here?” Peter tries to placate “I’ve done everything you’ve asked of me this week. Fixed all the problems you’ve found in my images. Slaved away with the menial tasks you’ve given me. I don’t understand what I’ve done that’s caused you to have such an issue with me.” Peter rises to stand and looks directly into the face in front of him.
“He is unbelievably hard to buy for,” Steve says, some….. sympathy?…. Bitterness? in his voice. He blows on his mug to cool down the contents and sends Peter an empathetic look.
Peter lets out a slightly manic chuckle. It must be louder than he thinks though because Steve seems to hear him, turning away from Pepper.
Cool it Parker, Peter thinks to himself, He has no idea that you have no idea what you are meant to do right now.
“Oh yeah?” Fisk says in a sinister tone, then without hesitation, he aims the gun just above Peter’s head and fires a shot at the wall next to Tony. A bullet ripping through the painting in its way. “That’s going to be your only warning.”
The pair continue to snip at each other as Mr Stark watches them both. Delighted at his friend’s suffering, if his face is anything to go by.
“I think you’ll find it’s windswept!” Tony growls a little but there is a pleasant smile on his face.
“I hear you spent today being shown off to some colleagues by Stark.” Fisk’s eyes run over Peter, accessing him. “Don’t let it go to your head. I plan to watch you more closely from now on. You won’t be able to even whisper and not have me knowing about it.”
Peter has to give it to the blonde. Here Steve is, having his nemesis rub into his face how much love he receives when Steve hasn’t had anything going himself in years and yet he’s just sitting here and listening. Peter would have at least stormed off by now.
Peter observes the celebrations occurring in The Stark mansion’s ballroom. Steve, Pepper and T’challa have done a great job at organising the event. The ballroom is open and sleek but isn’t too formal or as grand as the galas Stark Industries usually throw. There are nooks and seating set up to make conversation easily flow and the accent of red and gold in the choice of decorations somehow avoided coming across as tacky yet still screams of Tony Stark.
“Just enjoying having a pleasant night with friends. Old men like me learn to appreciate when life slows down for you now and then.” Steve says facetiously.
The front door is thrown open before Peter has had a chance to make up his mind and Tony Stark is glancing at Peter, eyes narrowed.
“LOGAN JUST CONFIRMED THAT EVERYONE HAS BEEN TRYING TO HOOK YOU UP ALL MONTH.” Tony smacks the blonde next to him lightly “AND YOU TOTALLY KNEW DIDN’T YOU, YOU SCOUNDREL!? How could you not tell me?”
“I would be offended if that wasn’t unfortunately the case.” Peter concedes. “Bucky’s right for once, Steve. I know this may sound silly but have you tried having a conversation with the guy where you both don’t go for each others weak spots? If you’re not careful you may end up going so far that apologies won’t be enough anymore.”
“Then fuck me harder.” Tony challenged. Steve gripped Tony's hips and used his superior strength to lift him and hold him up as he thrust his own cock up repeatedly. Tony was panting and moaning as Steve drove himself up into him. “Yes, yes, yes!” He chanted and reached down to stroke his own cock while Steve pounded up into him.
Tony shouldered his backpack and looked over to Steve as they walked through the palace to the outside. After a few weeks of recovery for Tony, Steve and the rest of the Avengers decided that it was time to leave Wakanda and offer their assistance to the rest of the world that surely needed it. Wakanda offered limited supplies and would be in contact with the Avengers if any new developments were found. Thor, Rocket and Nebula had gone into Quill's ship in search of any leads on the stones, on Thanos, also to find any potential allies that could aid them if possible.
I apologize for such a long wait on this conclusion. I wasn't happy with the first few drafts and ended up scrapping everything and starting over. I took extra time with this one because I didn't want to finish this just to finish it and be unhappy with the end product. I feel much more satisfied with the end result.
“I didn’t want to put you in an awkward position if our relationship ever did get out. Couldn’t have people accusing you of playing favourites. Besides having you is more than enough” Steve reminds his fiance.
“You never let anyone else get a rise out of you though? So what is it about Steve that rubs you the wrong way?” Peter presses even when he knows he shouldn’t.
“That is the current best friend discount. Sorry, still have Hammer Inc. sniffing at my heels, can’t be frivolous with money at the moment.”
They watch the ambulance pull away and Peter finally slumps over to Luke and Jones, falling into both their sides and allowing himself to finally feel the emotional roller coaster he had just been through. Both Luke and Jones rub his back, letting him use them as support as his body starts to shake like a leaf.
By the time Fisk’s lecture is through and Peter manages to come back and enter the office, the letter is nowhere to be seen. Someone had probably seen it and chucked it in the bin without realising what it was. At least that’s what Peter is hoping happened.
“That’s. Not. Your. Job.” Tony counters through gritted teeth. “You may as well be Artistic Manager if you are going to do all his work for him.”
Peter stares. “Oh my god, did I just get saved by two girls? AWESOME!” his brain still flooded with fight or flight hormones causing his mouth to babble uncontrollably. It would have continued going if he wasn’t cut off by another scream.
Actually, Peter muses, phrasing it that way makes it sound worse than he originally thought. This is why he needs MJ around. She’s the sort of person that would help him avoid making stupid decisions such as this.
Jones raises an eyebrow at Peter “Really? I take it you don’t know that I’m the one who takes Steve’s pens when he’s not looking”
“Have I told you how much you remind me of my sister? Make sure I introduce you one day. She would never forgive me if she thought I was keeping the two of you separate.” T’challa chuckles, gives Peter a friendly slap on the arm before moving off towards where Stark and Rhodes headed.
Steve comes after him, seeming about to console Peter but the intern silences him with a dark look and so Steve adjusts his trajectory to the parking lot where he keeps his bike.
Oh shit. Peter tries to spout out “I’m so sorry! I didn’t know.” but is unable to string words together.
“Wait” Luke chimes in, seeming to have overheard the last part of their conversation. “You want to move out of that amazing building? How are you going to find somewhere that tops a place like that? Pepper has done wonders with how she decorated it. It literally a one in a lifetime sort of home”
“Please don’t involve Pepper. I’ll reward you however you like” Tony says changing tactics by making his voice all low and charming.
“Don’t worry Pep, it’s not an issue” Mr Stark waves off, which causes Rhodey and Steve to share some sort of meaningful look too.
“Strange. I would have thought Steve and Pepper would still be chatting in there.” Peter whispers to Luke.
T’challa seems to shoot Mr Stark an amused look that is lost on Peter. Mr Stark doesn’t even catch it because he is suddenly engrossed in checking some figures in a file in front of him. Or is he drawing stick figures? Peter can’t quite tell.
Jess shrugs “For a guy who never seems to be doing what he is suppose to be doing, he did really end up pulling through.”
“Mmm...It’s good to see you’re as irresistible as ever and ego is still intact. I was a little worried you were coming down with something because of your strange behaviour on Tuesday.” Steve ventures, the corners of his eyes twitching.
“Okay, be offended all you like but while you’re busy doing that I’m going to grab us more drinks.” Jess stands and holds her hand out towards Mr Stark. An expected look on her face.
“Or we can amp the game up even further. Rhodey be damned.” Tony says, mischief lighting his blue eyes up.
“Oh no! What is this?” Steve starts shaking his empty wallet over the table “I spent the last of my cash on Peter and I’s lunch. Golly. However will we fix this now?” he sends Mr Stark a look that comes across a lot like a provoke.
“You wouldn’t snitch on me, Parker. Nobody deserves to be on the end of Steve's disappointed face” Jones gasps.
“Pete, I’m not sure if anyone has told you this yet. But you were very brave the other day.” Peter looks up to see Steve staring at him with high regard. “Foolish, but brave. Thanks for helping Tony distract Fisk. Next time run like the wind when someone pulls a gun out.”
Thursday, he tries to get Pepper to join Steve and him for dinner after Steve helps Peter find Mr Stark a gift, hoping to ditch and trap them into a blind date. Sam and Bucky suggest a couple of places they know Steve would find quite romantic and Peter tricks Steve into believing the booking was originally for him, Aunt May and her friend but the other two ended up cancelling.
“Ring? Too soon? Happy? His side? What?” Steve keeps spouting words, his body starts twitching in a way that reminds Peter of some kind of stroke.
“So, it sounds like the meeting with T’challa went well then” Steve says while blowing on his earl grey to cool it down once he’s finished his bagel off.
