Slowly he sat up, groaning at the throbbing ache in his side. He stopped to catch his breath and took in the rest of the room. He was relieved to notice the cleanliness hadn’t just been wishful thinking in the dark. Aside from the salt he’d laid down the night before, everything was neat and in its place: the small bundle of firewood tucked out of the way by the fireplace, the paintings of Minnesota landscapes hung sparingly but evenly on the walls, the kitchen chairs pushed in against the table, and barely a speck of dust to be seen.
Dean pressed his forehead to the cabin door. He curled his right hand into a fist and punched the wood once, twice. But he couldn’t leave it. “Demon, singular,” he said roughly.
Who would have thought leaving was easier than coming back? He kept trying to convince himself that it had not had been this bad. His childhood was rough, tough, but maybe he was just the one being too weak. Couldn’t be his father's perfect son. He failed at something as easy as just existing in his dad's eyes. But he understood. How could he ever compare to Sam. Sammy. Always the clever one. The one with a bright future. Not a disgrace to the Winchester’s name. So he understood his father.  And if he had stayed that long in Lawrence, it had been only for Sammy. He could not run away on his brother when he was still just a kid, so he had waited for him to turn eighteen. Hell, he even spent years earning, saving enough money so his brother could go to college, secure his futire before taking off forever. He just wanted Sammy to escape their hometown the right way. Because of course John would never have cared about post-graduate education, old bastard was too busy drinking and beating the shit out of him.
“Dean loved that place. Used to say they nailed the meat/salad ratio in the burger.” Castiel frowned.
Beer in hand, he scanned the room, getting more and more disappointed as no-one peaked his interest so far. There was definitely a nice looking dude by the jukebox, but the blond girl hanging from his arms was a clear indication Dean had no chance. Although, the idea of bedding the both of them was not unpleasant.
“This aren’t a song for the broken hearted.” He put the car in first gear, and re-joined the main road. “No silent prayer for the faith-departed.” Fingers drumming along, he changed gear again, swearing at the dick behind him blinded him with his full-beam lights. “I aren’t gonna be just a face in the crowd.” If his memory was not failing him, he knew just the right place for some quick cash and turned right. “You’re gonna hear my voice, when I shout it out loud.” Waiting for the beat to drop at a street light, he tapped two time on the wheel. “It's my life! It’s now or never! I aren’t gonna live forever! I just wanna live my life while I’m alive!” He indicated left, and checked his mirrors one last time. “It’s my life! My heart is like an open highway!” He sped up, careless about how loud he was singing. Carefree. “Like Frankie said : I did it my way! I just wanna live my life while I'm alive! It’s. My. Life.”
“Eleven is a reasonable hour to still be asleep, especially if you had a late night at work. I should not have assumed you would have been awake with only my own schedule in mind-"
“Your car.” The man pointed at the keys. “We win, we get your car. You win, you get...” He looked back at his group of buddies for a second before returning his attention on Dean, “five-hundred bucks. Deal?” Dean looked back at the pool table, where an other man could be seen missing a shot, quite dramatically. It seemed it was gonna be a pool shark vs pool shark kinda game. He was on.
When Castiel woke up that day, he groaned, struggling to stand up. From the floor, he grabbed his grey dressing gown and made his way downstairs. He kept wondering what would his life be if he had a pet, a cat to take care of. It would be nice. Machinelike, he made himself a cup of tea. He should call Gabriel later on, at least to let his brother know he was alright.
jar,  came back down holding the jar and took off. ‘I know right? One clever badger. Better put a lock on that door, he told her!” The three men burst out laughing, sitting on the porch. The night had since fallen but the air was warm, or maybe it was just the alcohol.
Finishing his beer tough, Castiel only had one remaining thought : Dean Winchester, the man who left, to never come back.
“It's fine. It’s just a table. I found it on the side of the road, anyway,” Cas said, shrugging, which brought Sam back to the present time. “But there’s something I wanted to talk to you about. That’s why Bobby asked you to meet him, us, here. I... would accept to sell you back this place if you’d like.” Bobby did not hide his disapproval, huffing loudly.
Feeling like a new wave of energy had entered his body, Dean moved back to the front seat and turned the engine on. From the wooden box under the seat, he threw a few cassettes around before finding the right one. Like he had done a thousand time, he got the screwdriver from the same box and rewound the cassette manually. He did not have to do it manually though, but he liked it : made him feel like he earned listening to it. He pressed play , and reversed the Impala in one impressive move.
As soon as they pushed the door, the music surrounded them, like a warm hug. It was not too loud, no, it was perfect, and Castiel could feel it in his chest.
Bobby stopped in front of a wooden house with a red neon light, music echoing in the parking lot. “Right, let’s go!”
“Alright. Cool. Cool cool. I'm gonna let you carry on with your day then. And if you need anything, call me. Text me. Whatever.”
Castiel had been living in Lawrence for a month. Each passing day resembled the last. He had bought two bookshelves, which truly were just random pieces of wood nailed together, but it was enough to store his books. The first bedroom was now box free, although it had taken Castiel about three weeks to tackle the task. In the room next to it, the mattress was on the floor and a chair was the only other thing there, drowned under a pile of clothes. The last bedroom however, had remained closed.
Alistair made the break, calling safe. Three balls and the cue ball touched the rail. Valid. And a strong break as well.
Charlie looked at him, jaw clenched. He had imagined a multitude of reactions but not this. She was angry. Fuming even.
Quickly, the rumour spread. In the hustling word, Winchester was known. Famous or infamous, depending where you stood. He was known to be stupidly good, not only at playing, but at tricking people into believing he was harmless with a cue. But it had never been an issue for Dean : people who didn’t know him were gladly playing, and people who knew who he was were taking it as a personal challenge to beat him, which usually meant even higher bets. It was a win-win.
His stomach gave him the answer, a quick fix in his life. He needed something to eat. Taking his meds on an empty stomach was never a good idea, but it was not like he cared anyway. At least it made him feel something.  He grabbed his trench coat and the keys to his Lincoln Continental. He had been told his car was a head turner, proper American classic but to him, it had just been four wheels still rolling. He almost hated that car actually. It never felt like him, or didn’t feel like him anymore. It was a gift though, and you are meant to keep those. So here he was, thirty five years old and still driving the same car he used to at sixteen. The problem with gifts however, is that they are a forever reminder of who gave them to you.
“Castiel is fine.” They shook hands. Cas had to admit Bobby did not exaggerate : Sam Winchester was indeed a tall, and large man, so much so that even the ridiculously big pile of waffles looked average now.
He turned, again and again, his body aching, exhausted but his mind bright awake. With great difficulty, he stretched his arm to reach for his phone on the front seat.
. He chugged his Martini and tried to make a quiet escape, mixing himself in the crowd, playing chill. Greeted a few women here and there. Winked once or twice. It was in those moment he wished he was slightly smaller. He could try as hard as he wanted, he could definitely be spotted in the crowd. A quick glance at the bar, and he saw the two guys had been on the move. If he had to chose between the brawl or the shag, he would have chosen the latest, but it seemed brawl it was. He hated people bringing knives or hell, guns, into a fight. It was a display of cowardice, and a profound desire to kill. Not playing by the rules.
Cas found himself nodding along to the rhythm, and he quite enjoyed the voice, high pitched but strangely low, quite peculiar in its own way. And when he arrived in the parking lot of the diner, he realised he didn’t want to kill the engine just yet. Instead, he stayed there, listening, actually listening to it. When the song came to an end, he felt a certain feeling of satisfaction, a light feeling in his chest. Whatever it was, he felt something. And he loved it. A break into the monotony of the nothingness which was his soul.
They carried out talking most of the night. How Dean used to sneak out of the house, borrowed his dad's car and drove girls to a corn field to ‘watch the stars’ as he used to say. How Sam could not find a job at the nearby gas station as a teen because as soon as the lady saw the name “Winchester", she had pulled out a rifle from under the counter. How Castiel had shocked a friend at college after asking if Spock was the dude from Star Wars, and had been forced to watch the six movies in one night, whilst his friend had summarized  decades of Star Trek lore. How Bobby found himself driving a very pregnant Mary Winchester down to Oklahoma because she craved something from that one specific place, and how it had been pie.
“But not you.” Bobby nodded at that. He pushed the plate right in front of Cas and ordered him to dig in before it gets cold. Cas laughed at that. He never knew his dad, but he imagined it was what it felt like to have one.
“Yeah well. Life is a bitch.” The owner of the shop scolded them for being to loud, and they ended up on the sidewalk.
“I’m sure he knows you'll always be here waiting for him Bobby.” Cas felt like crying. Because he had no one waiting for him back home, because he didn’t even know where home was.
Dean took a deep breath and opened the door to get some fresh air. Running a hand on his face, he cursed at Robert Plant for opening the Pandora box that was his soul. Ten years. Cigarette burn still scattered within his freckles on his arms, tiny round scars on his right shoulder, a lead shot still lodged under his skin, bumpy under his fingertips. Ten years of running away, yet everything was still there.
At half past six, Castiel was ready, pacing in the front room. He had texted Gabriel saying he was going out “with a friend". He couldn’t remember the last he had enjoyed an actual evening of socializing and each ticking minutes made him regret his choice. Gabriel had replied almost instantly :
“I just wish you would care for yourself as much as you care for the world you know. Just a thought.” Gabriel drank his coffee in three large gulps. He was not one for deep conversation, life was too serious to be taken seriously after all, but he loved his little brother, truly. And he had learnt that sometimes, Castiel needed to hear it. So Gabriel would put the brotherly banter aside for a just a second. “You’ve eaten today?”
Kuddos and comments appreciated, although you can just open a beer and we can drink together. Cheers! Xx
It took Castiel longer than he expected, but he got dressed and put his shoes on. Behind the wheels of his Continental, he turned on the radio. It was not something he normally did while driving, preferring to focus on the sounds around him instead of a song. The radio spokesman talked  about a phone game, unfunny jokes said with too much enthusiasm. “And now, we go back to a classic. Hair and trousers which left no room for imagination. Led Zeppelin, Ramble on!”
He was standing up only thanks to the wall, his back painfully slamming against it. He could not describe his feelings. Anger, yes. But also joy, sorrow, betrayal, and peace. If he closed his eyes long enough, he could almost hear his brother’ snarky voice.
He yawned and called it a night, crashing on his mattress disgracefully.  On the floor, his eyes caught the sight of his pill bottle, and body as heavy as a dead cow, he reached out, and swallowed two of them, not without bashing himself for almost forgetting. He had not heard his alarm though, and before he could try to remember where his phone was, he had fallen asleep.
Dean drank the last of his tea. He set his mug next to Cas’s on the rocks, then knelt to open the bag. He snorted. There were a couple of empty water bottles and a tube of sunscreen, but it was mostly a jumble of music paraphernalia, snarled cords and at least a couple more ipods. He tucked the one he was holding in with the rest and flipped the cover back over the whole shebang. “Need any help?”
What had been a quiet morning soon became filled with splashing and shrieking with Patience’s delight, though both parents got in the pool, too, and were enjoying some splashing of their own. Dean didn’t mind, though. The sunshine, a nice family having a good time without any cares: this is the sort of thing that made his life worth it. That reminded him what he hunted for. Not just to save people, but also to preserve moments like this. It wasn’t too often he got to enjoy seeing it.
“From a friend,” said Cas. Dean jerked his hand back, but the professor didn’t seem angry. He was smiling fondly down at the bee, and there was something so…disarming about seeing a grown-ass man turn sweet and gooey over something so silly.
Patience came running, shrieking in delight, hands outstretched. She was practically on top of the birds before they decided it was time to move, spiraling up and away in a single fluid mass, parting around her before landing again. The girl laughed and turned, running back through them, reaching for feathers she could never quite reach. Dean threw more popcorn to keep them interested. There had to have been more than a hundred gulls by now, vying for the treat. Even the flock of geese were trying to get in on the action now.
Cas played devil’s advocate. “Between youtube and spotify and the rest of the internet, you can still find that sort of thing. You might have to dig for it,” he allowed.
His forefinger curled in toward his thumb, which he brought level with Dean’s face. Then he flicked.
“Don’t give me lip,” said Dean. He tossed his bag onto the kitchen table and took the three steps to stand by the couch, hands on his hips.
Finally, finally Cas drew himself up, body in angry lines, showing himself for what he truly was. Not the man who talked about his family, or danced the lindyhop, or cooked breakfast fresh everyday, or held Dean’s hand. He was whatever this was, this thing exuding power and rage and any moment now, any moment he was going to grow fangs or breathe fire and rip Dean to shreds. “We shared our bodies,” growled Cas, “we bared truths to each other, I save your life, and the only word you have for me is monster?”
“Okay, okay. Okay.” Sam let out a short breath. Dean could practically hear the gears turning in that big brain of his from halfway across the country. “We’ll leave together. Demons are repelled by holy water and salt. We’ve got salt. I can bless some water.”
“Alright,” Ash said, and hopped off the table. He sauntered over to the stage, scratching his belly through his dark t-shirt, also sleeveless. When he reached the drums he made a shooing motion at Cas. “Hands off the goods, compadre.” The air around him smelled faintly of weed. Cas handed him the drumsticks and stepped back around to the front of the kit. Ash settled on his stool and twirled the sticks in each hand. “What do you need?” he asked, looking up at Cas.
“It’s been seven hours and fifteen days…” he sang. The crowd swelled into an endless moment of ecstasy as they recognized the song, then almost immediately quieted down to listen. Cellphones and the odd lighter popped up as the song continued, dotting the dark bar like stars. Their own tiny galaxy in the middle of nowhere.
…And like it still happened every night, Dean remembered: how when Sam and Dean were still small, their father tucked them in at night if he was home, giving them each a soft kiss on their foreheads, his hard laborer’s hands gentle and comforting. He used to do that, he did. When did it stop? Which job was it, when he came home, and for the first time gave them nothing more than a squeeze on the shoulder?
“Kinky,” grunted Dean, trying for a smile though half his face was in the dirt. “Not my thing, though, sorry.”
“Well, I’d put it away, if I were you.” Dean nodded toward his nephew. “You’ll become a college professor cliché if you spill wine all over everything and trust me, with a three-year-old around, something always spills.”
“You’re shitting me,” she said, uncrossing her legs and letting her combat boot thump to the ground. “You want free PR.”
“It’s not just nu-metal, though,” mumbled Dean. He was leaning on his hand and staring into his water glass, which was half-empty. “All the bands we used to open for? Not just me ‘n Sam, but me and the guys” —Cas assumed he meant The Vampirates— “no one talks about their work much. Not until one of them bites it. Then suddenly it’s open season and it’s Kurt Cobain all over again. I looked up to them, you know? It’s been over twenty years, but shit.” He leaned toward Cas, and poked a finger in his shoulder. “Their music is the stuff that really speaks to me. Today’s stuff is good but it doesn’t hit me here,” he tapped his chest, “or here,” his gut. “They didn’t just teach me how to play, they taught me how to fight. Showed me how to live. That’s why it hurts so fucking bad when they die, and I’m not, I’m not gonna be one of ‘em, okay Cas? Sammy ain’t either. Okay?” Dean poked his shoulder again, harder.
“Like I was doing it out of duty. Because Bobby and Karen had done it before but they had each other to worry about. Couldn’t be them. You had your whole future ahead of you. Couldn’t be you. Had to be me, right?”
“Well, I am,” said Castiel. Sam snorted half a laugh, but Dean was looking at him with mild surprise. So Cas lifted his hands and wiggled his fingers. “Math teacher.”
Absently Dean scratched at his chest under his necklace. He must really need to get back in the game, if a few days of good sleep and better food was having him jump at shadows. Then again, when had his gut steered him wrong before? Warring with himself, Dean shifted his feet, pulled in both directions.
in them as Dean had pointed out about Led Zeppelin in their second class…that would in turn lend Allen’s poems a further layer of depth.
Dean knew that feeling. He remembered it. It rose up in him now, causing his eyes to water. He thought that childish little part of himself had been scrubbed out, but it was there, a tiny seed suddenly bursting a shoot, deep in his chest---
but it was…there were different drafts. Several drafts. All drafts? Each part, printed from a typewriter but scribbled all over by Ginsberg himself and of course Dean had always known—well, Dr. Moseley had insisted—that even the greats needed a lot of tries to create their masterpieces. But seeing the evidence of it…
“You really miss them,” Cas said, before taking a tentative sip of his tea and grimacing at the lack of sugar.
He kicked the front wheel, angry tears running down his face. And he kicked it again, and again, punched the passenger door, one time, then two. His legs gave up on him, and he dropped to the floor, his back collecting the dust from the car.
“Mr Singer!” The man drinking a cold one at the counter turned around and raised an eyebrow. Castiel pointed at the seat opposite him and invited him to his table. Reluctantly, the old man joined him.
“Foul.” Dean tapped the score paper from the tip of his finger. The group acquiesced and so did Alistair. At least, he was playing with an honest pool shark. When only the cue ball and 2 were left, Alistair racked the balls again. He had almost cleared the table before missing a shot.
“I can pick you up. The parking lot is quite small anyway, so if we can save some space. I’ll pick you up at seven alright?” He downed his beer without blinking. Castiel wondered if he should ever mention that he was worried about the old man’s alcoholism. But a quick glance around reminded him that it seemed normal around here. A town made of broken men drinking to forget something, sharing a drink called loneliness.  Bobby stood up, his truck keys clenched in his fist. “And son, lose the suit tonight maybe. It’s just beer and darts.” Bobby looked at him from head to toe, in a way that could both mean “idjit" and “but if not, that’s fine" and Castiel tilted his head. It was the thing with Bobby really : he looked like your regular American redneck, but behind the cap, the beard and the booze was hidden an immense heart which kept surprising Cas. However, he finished his second beer, feeling the anxiety  still crawling under his skin.
... Dean sent it to the house, to his dad. Dean’s alive.” His last word were met with a dead silence on the other sign of the line. And for a second, Cas thought Gabriel had hung up on him. “Gab?”
His hand reached for his own shoulder, passing on the lead shot still lodged there. “Aren’t gonna feed a Nancy boy!” A gunshot. Blood. Pretending all was fine when John had finally passed out drunk and Sammy came back from school. Never mentioning it again. Fucking coward.
He wished he could speak up, put words on what was tormenting him, get it out of his chest but like every time he had tried, he found himself unable to find where to start. It was a long story, and even though it was his, it didn’t mean he knew it by heart. Side effects of life carrying its journey: memories faded away, faces got blurry, and he came to wonder more than once if any of his past were true. Being the only witness of his past, it was easy to overplay some memories, twisting them around or simply creating them and it was always ending the same way: did he invent it all? Was he delusional? Had everything not been that bad, was he just too weak to face some mundane life challenges? His psychiatrist had once said he was suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, although he thought PTSD was a veteran illness. He had nothing to be traumatized about compared to the rest of the world. Downplaying his own suffering to legitimize the one of others. He could practically hear Gabriel grunting at that thought.
“I’ll drop them when I see the five hundred bucks in.” The group counted bills hastily and dropped them in. Dean dropped his keys, grabbing the cash in the same movement. He counted it himself and nodded.
“Alright. We bet only on the outcome, no ball sinking sub-bets. And it’s a one on one, you and me only.”
Alistair almost choked on his beer at the name. And Dean held his hand in front of him. “Not my fault you don’t ask people's name before playing buddy!”
“Sam... when John died, Dean did not show up at the funeral. So Sam took it as the final proof that Dean was... but I think that now that John is gone, he would come back. He has to. He has nothing to run away from right? Kid can come home.”
bottle?” The roadhouse was like frozen in time. All it took was one slight nod from Bobby and everybody erupted in cries of joy, jumping in each other's arm. On the counter, Rufus aligned a few shot glasses, and filled them up with the content of a rum bottle which had accumulated about...ten years of dust. He handed them around, before making his way to Bobby and Cas.
All throughout the story, music will play a big part. So I made a Spotify playlist, which will be updated at each new posted chapter.
When he finally left his car and locked it, he felt quite surprised by the soft wind caressing his skin. Pulling his trench coat closer to his chest, he walked into the diner, glad to see the table which had become his table of habit was available. He liked having some kind of routine for mundane things, such as having a favourite table.  The waitress – Jo, he had learnt  – welcomed him with a genuine warm smile. He had only been there three or four times, but most of the staff and patrons came to recognise him and greet him. And he liked it in a way. It was different than living in New Jersey, here he felt...acknowledged. He scolded himself mentally at his own display of egotism. He was just an other average Joe on this big rock called Planet Earth and no-one owed him anything, no-one owed him to care about him.
He followed the road signs for a few kilometres, and settled for the first diner he encountered, which seemed to be the only one around. He just wanted food, and couldn’t afford to be picky when he was this hungry any way, so he would explore the area an other day. He parked and entered, finding himself a nice table in the corner. When the waitress came over, he was lost in thoughts however, and she had to repeat the specials of the day. He went for the first she said, not completely aware of what he had just ordered.
“Son, we don’t do things like that around here. We deal with our shit our own way. And no one cared at the time anyway... institutions I mean. Believe me or not, these two kids were better at home than in government care. It was the 80’s, y'know. Different times. So yeah, Dean had been crying all night. Not you though, you had always been a strangely quiet baby. Anyway, John asked her to shut him up, so she put on her coat, jumped into the Impala with Dean in the backseat, hoping driving around would soothe him. It usually worked. On the main road, a drunk driver swerved towards her, hitting the side of the car. She lost control and ...crashed into a telephone pole. She died at the scene. The car was a wreck, and Dean was still crying, but this time, we all knew why.”
On really bad nights, he wondered what his mum would have thought of it all. Would she be passive? Would she have ran away with the kids? But once again, if she would have been alive, none of this would have happened right? He loved his mother, he missed her, and he felt like the four years old he once was when he thought about her. And he hated her for it, for leaving him. It was stupid to be angry at her for dying in an accident, but he could not help himself. He was angry, so angry, because it all had been unfair.
“Idjit.” Bobby pocketed the keys. From the back of his own truck, he grabbed a bottle of whiskey and sat on the porch. He poured some on the grass before helping himself. “You don't even deserve it John.” It took him almost ten years, but he could not hold it in anymore, and there was not enough whiskey in the world to drown his sobs. God, he hated the man. He had drunk himself to death, a years long suicide, but Bobby could never forgive him. Not in life, and definitely not in death. Through gritted tears, he mumbled one last “You bastard!” before pushing himself back on his feet.
“Right... so...er...Dad...My father...John...,” and it was as if he had just opened a door which had been padlocked for years, and everything cramped in it busted out, “wanted me to be the perfect son. His perfect copy. And when I was sixteen, he saw me chatting up a boy. Well, flirting. And he lost it. Called me a useless faggot, a disgrace to our family name, a waste of space and oxygen. Dragged me home, beat the shit out of me. Cracked a few ribs. Maybe he thought that if he punched hard enough, he could punch the gayness out of me. And god knows he tried. And I tried to temper him. Told him I was bi, so a fifty fifty chance of him having a step daughter right? Made it worse. I was a slut, a whore, a perv. All the insults you could think of? I heard them. But I had to stay. For Sammy. My little brother. So I stayed. If I was fifteen minutes late, dad would crush down his cigarettes on me. ‘off sucking dicks again weren’t you?’... He... yeah.”
Castiel pinched his lips. He did not know the feeling. He had read about it, heard about it, but it seemed nothing compared to living it.
“Good! I’ll let you enjoy now!” She squeezed his shoulder and went back behind the bar to refill the whiskey glass of one of the patron. Cas dug in, still pleasantly surprised at how good their burgers were. Grease dripped down his fingers, collecting salt from the fries. He grabbed a napkin to clean the mess. It had become a small island of happiness; coming here, eating, having a drink. It was simple. A simple pleasure he was happily embracing. A small victory.
“Ok. First of all, good evening to you both as well.” He stood up, dusting his shirt, and rolled the sleeves up. “Second of all, I’m not looking for any trouble here guys. So let’s call it a night alright?” He spat blood when a fist met his jaw, and held himself up thanks to the now closed door behind. “I take it as a no then.”
Cas mumbled a soft thank you, before picking up the postcard from the floor, dusting off some of the crumbs that had landed on it. Sam sat back next to him, the truth only then sinking in properly. His brother was alive, and willing to contact them. And for a short moment, he let himself dream about  his wedding day, where Dean would embarrass him during his best man speech before demolishing the buffet.
Castiel remembered Karen had passed away a few years before, from cancer he believed. His heart went out to Bobby, widowed and childless.
And just like the previous nine, it would be placed in-between two pages of one of his journals, to never be mentioned again.
The plate was staggering a ridiculous amount of food after a while, and Castiel couldn't help himself from pointing it out. “Planning on feeding an army?”
“Fancy a coffee? I’d be glad for the company to be honest.” Dean ruffled his own hair, suddenly looking way less assured.
“If Sam hears I made waffles and he didn’t get any, he might just fuck right back off to Wichita!” Bobby plated the last one, slightly smaller than the rest, even though he had scraped any remaining batter. “And you haven’t seen the man. Could eat this whole plate and still have the audacity to ask what was for lunch.” Bobby's smile was soft, and they finished their breakfast, talking about all things unimportant.
“Leaves are falling all around.” He dropped back slightly from the truck in front of him. “It's time I was on my way.” He brought his arm back inside, and overtook the long vehicle  head bobbing along. “Thanks to you  I’m much obliged, for such a pleasant stay.” When he was back in lane, he went back to his cruising position, not without grabbing a piece of beef jerky from the plastic bag on his side. “But now it’s time for me to go, the autumn moon lights my way.” He sped up slightly, enjoying the almost empty road. “ For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it’s headed my way.” Two hands now on the wheel, he straightened up slightly. “aah, sometimes I grew so tired, but I know I’ve got one thing I got to do.” ... his hand drummed on the wheel, now shooting as the Impala rolled without ever planning to stop. “Ramble on! And now’s the time! The time is now, to sing my song!” He felt free. He felt good. He felt like nothing mattered. “I’m goin’ ‘round  the world, I got to find my girl!” he patted the Impala lovingly, a sad smile almost making it through to his lips. “On my way!”, he swallowed, head bobbing less enthusiastically. “I’ve been this way ten years to the day.” He chuckled, confused by the burning feeling in his eyes and the dust trapped in his throat. Broken voiced, he cried :”Ramble on! I gotta find the queen..of...”, he turned off the radio and pulled on the side of the road, earning a few angry honks in the process.
“Can do.” The man turned back to his friends who all nodded. “Yes, boy, we call and we count fouls.”
“Nah. You keep it. It’s yours. I never felt like this place was mine anyway. Not really I guess. It was dad's place and he’s dead. So, yeah... if you want to sell it, or demolish it, go for it. It’s yours.”
“Sorry, I wanted to do this face to face. Beer anyone?” When the two men stayed silent, he just grabbed the one for himself, twisted it open and slammed it down on the table after drinking half of it. Sam checked his watch and let out a sigh. Bobby didn’t acknowledged the scolding and instead tapped the postcard which Sam had not seen until now. “So.” He took a deep breath. “Dean's alive.”
“Buuuuut?” Gabriel prompted, his teaspoon banging in the cup as he stirred his coffee making some unpleasant noises.
“Yeah yeah.” Dean hanged up and threw his phone on the rear bench seat. It was a big deal. They would not be counting how many years had Dean be gone now... they would say a decade. A whole fucking decade.
“Just shut up you fag!” Dean growled when the second man fisted his hair, bringing him to his knees. “You’re gonna swallow my dick like the good slut you are. Open up.” The first man unzipped his trousers, and released his already hard cock.
Followed by her phone number. He pocketed it and smiled. The same night, they were drinking cheap booze, sitting on the dirty floor of a nameless motel, marathoning Lord of Rings, quoting it almost by heart.
“Just had a drink. I’m fine.” Dean glanced at the bottle, before his eyes trailed on the postcard, so he moved the plastic bag slightly to hide it from his  sight, snatching a piece of beef in the process.
“Here's one for you.” Cas took the shot glass. “And here’s for you.” Rufus handed  the rest of the bottle to Bobby who held it high above his head.
. Putting most of his weight on his right leg, he went back into the car, and looked for an already broken cassette case. Sliding of the Black Sabbath cover, he tried to break the plastic into in a thin rectangle, slid it in-between his broken fingers and bandaged the whole. It was good enough for the time being.
Two weeks had passed since the postcard first came. Bobby had called Sam the day after their celebratory night at the roadhouse, asking him to come down to Lawrence as soon as he had the chance, and Sam had agreed to it. Even though he had tried as hard as he could to probe Bobby for more information, Sam had no clue why he was asked back home. He just hoped everything was alright with the house, and that the new owner was not looking into suing him for a vice of procedure or else.
The writing really was rushed however. Almost just thin wavy lines spread across the empty space. A passionate writing, a cry, anger : whatever it was, it was emotional. Not thought through, impulsive. It took Cas a lot of tries to figure out what it all said. And after a while, only a few words stood out: Sorry, fucked (up?), queer, hate you, dad, loving you, your son, Impala.
“Right. Thanks for the money. Time to roll!” They shook hand again, and Dean winked one last time at the bartender, proudly showing off his car keys still in his possession.
“Your mother did not even like pie that much!” Bobby continued, the three of them laughing to tears.
Castiel waved him goodbye. Plate almost empty, he was making a mental list of what he had to do. He would need to furnish his new home, buy a fridge at least. Potentially a desk. He might ask Mr. Singer for some addresses he could check out, or he could probably ask Pam.
His eyes kept looking at the ceiling, towards Dean's room. His heartbeat was out of control. No matter how many times he played a scenario in his mind, he could not figure out how would Bobby react. So he had stopped on the way back and bought a bottle of whiskey, a bottle of rum and a pack of beer. Whatever the old man needed, Cas hoped he could provide it.
“I was starving.” He confessed, before grabbing a few handful of fries. He offered some to the old man who just took an other sip instead.
Barely lifting his feet, he walked outside and checked the letter box. A few days ago, he had received a thesis from Fergus, his frenemy in the literary world. They got along really well, only their opinion of what constituted good writing were on the opposite spectrum. Crowley was a traditionalist art wise, and to him, nothing post war was deemed worthy of being read. He said humanity had reached its peak late 19
After about fifteen minutes, he saw a place which seemed fairly new. Liking the odds, he decided to give it a try. And when he walked in and didn’t see his face on the wall, he smirked. Nice.
“I really enjoyed that boy. However, there can be only one pool shark in this place, you understand right?”
Back on the road, he decided to go towards Ogden, Utah. He left route 15 and went onto route 91. He needed a change of scenery, so driving south instead of carrying East was his news plan. He got some fuel and snack at the first opportunity. The radio being just a murmur, his mind wandered around, and he tighten his grip on the wheel : Lawrence was twenty hours away. Ten years driving around could end with just a twenty hours drive, a thousand two hundred minutes.
Ten years. There was something which had to be done. Dean turned at the first given chance he had, and drive through a small town which looked like so many he had travelled through already. Parking near the first shop he saw, he bought a postcard. A pastel mountain where the letters were reading Seattle, each of them filled up with a drawing of the city best assets. It was tacky, cheap, and he didn’t care for the card did not matter. On the front of the Impala, he laid it down, before coming back with a pen which was pinned on one of his journals.
Back on road, he felt like the night was still young. And maybe a bar brawl was what he was really looking for. Or a quick shag in a dodgy bar. Turning the music back up, he tried to remember which places he was still not banned from in the area. As he thought, he hummed along. “It's all the same. Only the name will change. Every day, it seems we're wasting away.” He was smiling, back on road 15. “An other place where the faces are so cold, I’ll drive all night to get back home.” He did not stop at the roadhouse on his right, pretty sure he was banned from that place. How he was meant to know the pretty brunette was the owner's daughter? She was more than capable of making her own choices as well, and she had made the first move. He smiled brighter. “I’m a cowboy! On a steel horse I ride!” Not this night club either. He was not banned per se, but he had nicely been asked to never come back after punching an old bigot over the counter. “I'm wanted! Dead or alive. Wanted dead or alive.”  He laughed to himself, Sammy’s voice still echoing into his ears. And he could see his brother's bitch face as if it was yesterday.
It was not like he had knocked on his father’s balls to come to life. His parents must have wanted him right? A loving couple having two kids, a house in the suburb, hosting a barbecue on Sundays, fresh pancakes in the morning. A leather belt. Gunshots. Blood. “You were an accident. You wasted my life.”; “She died because of you.”; “You killed her.”; “You’ll be a great son the day I could piss on your grave.”
“.... yeah.” Healthy copping mechanisms were  concepts he was familiar with, but it didn’t mean he had to apply them to himself. And he had just checked his wallet and he was running dangerously low on cash, so hustling pool it was. And if he could throw one or two drinks in the bet, he would not complain either.
Dean turned on the engine, and went back on the road. He will not beat himself up for having a breakdown. That old Dean was gone. He was fine. It was all fine. He turned the volume up again, cruising at the sound of Talking Heads.
Whiskey in a jar... are you more a Thin Lizzy or Metallica version kind of person? Oh well...I'm Pulp. Great cover! Gotta listen to it!
“Yeah. Yeah I know.” Sombre, Castiel closed his eyes, a headache starting to pound in his temples. “I know you’re not like
His fingers trailing along the rail, placing his cue in different angles, he called 4 in the corner pocket, bank shot. Curious, Alistair pointed to one of the corner pocket behind Dean's elbow, whilst his cue was pointing in the opposite direction.
Bobby shrugged and grumbled at the same time. “Just... take good care of...” He hid his emotions behind a fake cough, gesturing towards the house. The man tilted his head, and nodded compassionately. Bobby left, the air between them strangely heavy.
The bartender re-filled Dean's glass again, stating it was on the house. Openly flirty, she whispered a “not bad" and let her hand fall next to his, winking.
“Can’t believe that not even born yet, Dean already had a favourite dessert!” Sam laughed, swinging his beer around.
“Maybe I will!” He finished his beer and Jo grabbed the empty bottle. “I’ll take an other one today.” He surprised himself as he spoke.
“Indeed.” Bobby stated blankly, leaving the man hanging there. “Well, I believe these are yours.” He gave him the keys, ready to jump back into his truck, when the man stopped him at the last minute.
“No no no but the best part was :  even though I had jam all around my mouth and even in my hair, Dean looked at Karen straight in the eyes saying a badger had broke into the cellar, climbed on top of the shelf, grabbed just
“You should try Pam's special one day. It has bacon, a fried egg and a decadent amount of maple syrup. Soooo good. Apart for your waist, but you only live once!” She laughed, her eyes shining with genuine amusement.
Instinctively, Dean had shielded Sam, and ordered him to wait in the kitchen. Ten minutes later, his big brother had joined him, breathing harshly, a hand holding his side but smiling. “What do you feel like, Sammy? Whatever you wanna eat, it’s on me.” Childish giggles had filled the streets as they both walked to the diner. Sam had eaten a double cheeseburger, fries, a milkshake and a slice of pie. Dean was smiling all throughout, emptily. Every time Sam had tried to offer him some food, Dean had declined, nursing his glass of iced water, avoiding looking at the desert.
At ten to, he heard the truck outside, followed by a honk. Hands shaking, he opened the door and signalled Bobby, to come in. He could see the mechanic confused brow, but he did took of his seatbelt and killed the engine. Grunting, he got out, making his way to the house. He was visibly uncomfortable to be so close to it, and his eyes shot straight to facade, where the blinds to Dean's bedroom were closed, still.
“Dude, I’m fine.” Dean pinched his nose bridge. He wished his words sounded as sober as they were in his mind, but judging by the silence in the other side of the line, he was wrong.
“Don’t. I know...I know you care brother. But sometimes, you care too much. This...don’t get involved...emotionally involved in this. Just tell the people it might concern that the dude is alive, and don’t overthinking it. And if this man ever comes knocking on your door, then just tell him the truth. House has been sold, and direct him to someone else. “ It had always been like that. All their life. Gabriel was so detached about everything, almost as if nothing could ever bother him, not even a little. On the other hand, Cas had always been too caring, about all and nothing, even if it was something insignificant.
Dean, dazed and confused, took a second to realize his phone was vibrating in his pocket. He dug it out and sighed at the ID caller.
“Yeah...!” Dean nonchalantly said, almost shrugging. Not only was this a tricky shot, it was made almost impossible as a break had happened at the previous shot. Eyes aligned with the cue, pinching his tongue in-between his lips, he shot.
The thing was, more than once, he dreamt about jumping back in his baby and driving straight back home. But the thought was quickly aborted, and instead he would turn the wheels in the opposite direction. Once he had left Kansas, he had travelled through each states, but never, ever  had the Impala set wheel in Kansas ever again. It was too much. What if someone would have recognised the car, or simply hear it. He had no right to leave them all behind ; his ultimate selfish action, and now...well now he had no right to barge back into their life. Not after ten years. Not ever. He owned them that. For them all to grieve him, to carry on with their life, without having the burden of dealing with Dean Winchester.
Side note : drink responsibly eh? *opens an other can of beer* do what I say, not what I do. *sighs*
“Alright...Castiel. What...,” Sam scanned the room, his eyes moving from one man to the other, “What did you ask me down here for Bobby? Is everything alright with the house? I had it checked before putting it on for sale, so if there’s any issues, we’d have to check with the company who took-"
He walked back inside, numb. His brain hurt, his chest was heavy. Footsteps trailing on the wooden floor, he made his way to the kitchen, right in time for his phone alarm to go off. With a groan, he turned it off and took his medication. He made a mental note to remember his appointment booked for in two weeks time to review his meds. They were going to increase the dosage. As usual. It was not that the anti-depressant were not working, but they weren’t magic beans either. And how was he supposed to work on getting better when every day was made of nauseous hours, sleepless night and exhaustion. It felt like healing one's mind cost one's body. In the mist coming off his mug, he smiled however : he had not only taken a shower yesterday, but also shaved and went to the laundromat. So yes, he allowed himself to smile, celebrating his own small victories.
“Wanna play? You look like you need a distraction buddy.” Dean had seen this smile many times, all across the country. The smile of a man who thinks he just found an easy pray, easy cash. Dean played hard to get.
Right at eleven on the dot, a car pulled by the house. Bobby rose an eyebrow at the sight of the Continental. Not a bad car. Just lacking finesse...And in desperate need for some maintenance as the car was almost wheezing in pain.  A man got out. He looked overdressed for Lawrence, Kansas, and Bobby tried his best to hide a frown. Balancing a trench coat on his right arm, the man walked up to him. Bobby would have had imagined a new home owner would look more...enthusiastic but this guy looked plain miserable. Hair uncombed,  three day stubble and than most empty blue eyes he had ever seen.
Bobby started a new batch and cleared his throat. “Just sayin' kid, you don’t have to hide yourself here.” The old mechanic suddenly looked anywhere but at Castiel, visibly uneasy. Cas tilted his head slightly, not certain of what the old man meant, to which Bobby sighed, if not growled. “Gay, bi, or else you know. We're cool with it. The town I mean.” Cas could see the conversation was taking a lot from Bobby. After all, heartfelt chit-chat was not something they did in Lawrence, Kansas. No. Here, the people drank, laughed loudly in the back yards and gunned down cans for fun.
“One beer and a burger!” Pam exclamed, enthusiastically putting the order on the table. She placed her hand on Castiel’s shoulder and patted it a few times. Strangely, he did not mind. Again, he felt like he mattered, genuinely. “How have you been? Liking Lawrence so far?”
Castiel smiled slightly. His brother would never say it to his face, but he cared. They cared about each others, in a their own way.
Castiel woke up groggy, certain his hangover would hit him fully if he tried to standup. But he was also dying for some coffee and a big glass of water. With a great lack of motivation, he made it downstairs , turned on the kettle and prepared an instant coffee. He couldn’t care less about the taste at  this point, and if he could he would just have injected caffeine straight to his vein. Moaning around the mug, he decided to sit on the porch, getting some sunshine on his skin. But before opening the door, he tilted his head and turned around. Slightly more awake, he walked back up to his office, and snatched Crowley's thesis.
Hell to not getting emotionally involved. Even if it takes an other ten years, Dean shall have a home to come back to. Cas made it a promise. In his suit, elbow on the counter, beer in hand, Bobby and Rufus arguing over nothing that mattered, he felt like maybe, just maybe, for a split second, he belonged.
“It’s alright Bobby. Sorry, I was miles away.” He gestured him to grab a seat. “How’s the garage going?”
“Oh dammit. I waited years to quote Led Zep to a girl, and she’s a lesbian? I should have seen you were too good for me.” He laughed, a whole body laugh, his head falling backwards.
“Yeah er... A beer will do, thanks.” He was not meant to mix his meds with booze, but one could easily argue that just the one beer was just flavoured fizzy water. The waitress nodded, the customer friendly smile fading away as she turned around. Castiel tapped his foot a few times, before letting his curiosity overtook him.
“Cool. After you then, be my guest!” Dean propped his elbow on the rack, eyes watching every movements. He could hear one of the guy talking to the other. “I think Alistair fucked up on that one.”; “Let’s wait until the guy gets a shot.”
“Come on! Rules are simple. We agree on a bet. The winner takes it all, no argument.” The man, slightly taller than Dean and built like a carpenter, laughed. “Come on!”
“Would be?” Castiel thanked the waitress again when she placed a cheeseburger before him. But he was too captivated by the old man to even remember eating.
“Don’t mention it. I almost lost one kid because of it, I won’t let it happen again, not under my watch. Now eat up before it gets cold.” Cas was sure he heard Bobby adding an ‘idjit' at the end of the sentence and he almost wanted to roll his eyes.
“I do actually. It’s...different.” He took a sip and snatched a fry. “I’m still trying to get used to it but now I can get go grocery shopping without getting lost.” She laughed and he gave her a small smile in response.
“Please.” Cas smiled back. He moved slightly on his seat and took of his trench coat before hanging it on the back of his chair. Despise everybody minding their own business, he could not get rid of this feeling of being watched. So instead, he took a deep breath, and rationalized that he was allowed to make himself comfortable. It was a paradox he hated : he felt overdressed in his suit and tie, but leaving the house in anything else than a proper outfit gave him extreme anxiety. Years of hearing his family telling him a man needs to be well-dressed in all circumstance for God was watching. God, who was meant to be Love, had only given him a deeply rooted sense of inadequacy and wrong. Gabriel once described it as “Religious PTSD" but behind the wit of his brother, Castiel always believed there laid a ring of truth.
“Sweet ride. You got balls, gotta gives that to you.” Almost saddened though, she continued, “I’ve got to go though.” She stood up and offered him her hand. “May I at least get a name?”
“I’m fine. I’m always fine.” That's what he is supposed to say right? Benny, however, knew better than to stop at just that. He had always been really perceptive for these things, and during the year they had spent together, Benny had been the first person Dean had opened up to, about his life, his past. They were not in a relationship  per se, just the occasional fuck buddies, but when it all became too serious, too domestic, Dean had ran away again. And Benny had let him. Because he knew Dean needed it. But even after all this time, he was still checking up on him. They were brothers at heart, united by their mutual shit show which was their life.
Less than an hour later, Bobby and Cas heard a car door closing outside , quickly followed by a knock on the door. The old mechanic took a deep breath and made his way to the front porch.
And a massive thank you to SouthronWildling for being an amazing beta. No really, amazing job there, I'm lacking words to thank you. Which means that yes, this is the first beta'd chapter! *clap clap*
Completely zoned out, Castiel didn’t see the man standing near his table right away, and he almost spilled his beer when the man cleared his throat.
“Why were social services never involved?” Castiel asked, his heart breaking at the thought of these kids being treated like that.
Most of the boxes went upstairs in the first bedroom, which he hoped to convert into his office. Apart from a worn out sofa, a stained mattress and a few boxes of clothes, he only owned books. A lot of them. It was his life, and his job after all. Any white goods and other furniture belonged to the flat he had rented, and it’s only upon seeing the big empty house being just as empty with his things inside that he realised he was missing something. Something bigger than nice upholstery.
Alistair smirked, confident that Dean knew how to play, yes, but he was not extraordinary at it. The group also let out a sigh of relief. On the table where Dean’s drink was still there and left untouched for a while, someone was writing down the score.
“Oh boy. See, that’s what you get for never texting!” She giggled. But truth be told, she really missed him as well. They had met in a record shop down in Chicago, Illinois. Dean had been browsing mindlessly, killing time mostly, and Charlie was actually doing the same. She had had an hour to kill before the official visiting hour at the hospital to see her mom, so she had walked in any shop which had picked her interest. And a cheesy pick up line had started it all, about five years ago.
By the time an hour had elapsed, all the kids, or so it looked to Castiel, were happily ensconced playing games at their stations of choice. Thus he was the only person to notice the moment a man shadowed the doorway. To his surprise, it was Dean. He’d been half-expecting never to see him again, but he couldn’t say he was disappointed.
“It is,” Cas agreed. Dean looked up in surprise; in his experience, a teacher’s response was always some form of
“There are some dark things in his poems, both present and past. If what I think is true, the darkness overwhelmed him and he couldn’t write anymore. But if the common theory is true, and happiness is the enemy to art, then he is happy. And I do hope he’s happy, Dean,” Cas concluded. “And so against my belief, I prefer to think he is. I’d rather have him happy than write another poem, even though he’s my favorite poet.
A long pause followed, in which Dean was too chickenshit to face him. Just when he was about to bring up another subject, though, Cas answered. “Yes,” he said.
They ended up going down the stairs at the end of the hallway and into a basement that had been refurnished into a home recording studio. Claire plopped herself down in one of the chairs behind the sound boards, and Cas sat down in another.
He hung out with the other adults as the yard began to fill up, content to watch Sammy laugh and run around with his friends. But some of the theatre kids still wanted to come up and say hi, and soon enough he was milling out in the crowd with everyone else. Within an hour the Singer’s Salvage was packed; there were definitely more people than had been invited, but luckily they’d accounted for that in the massive amount of snacks they bought. Everywhere Dean turned there was someone else he knew, so it was only a matter of time before he ran into Cas. And fuck, did he look good, just wearing some jeans and a plain shirt that did nothing to hid his muscles. Cas brightened when he saw him, holding up his phone and wiggling it like that should mean something. “Dean! I’ve been looking all over for you!”
It wasn’t so bad this time, though, not with the promise of food and company on the horizon. The record had moved along from the previous song to something upbeat and swingy; Dean tipped his head back onto the chair to relax. Then a waft of warmth reached him from the fire and, at once reminded how cold he was, a massive shiver wracked his body. He stood and shrugged out of his jacket and spread it out to dry. His shirt and jeans stuck to his skin in damp patches. He really needed to find out the laundry situation around here. Rubbing his arms, he went to stand directly in front of the fire, now large and crackling merrily. It actually smelled good, just wood and smoke. Like a real campfire instead of a salty grave.
A scream, followed by a crash. Dean and Sam craned their necks; Charlie scanned around with her phone. Was it a Hellraiser, or his Rider? He just couldn’t see where the crash had been coming from, and there were still plenty of people driving around. He scanned the gaps desperately, and only noticed a hand wrapping around his ankle too late.
Somewhere inside, in that stubborn place that never allowed him to give up, Dean found the strength to struggle upright of his own accord and brushed Cas’s hand away. “And my legs? My damn lungs?”
Never one to turn down a challenge, Cas stood and shrugged off his trenchcoat. Dean stood and set down his guitar, reaching for an electric, and pointedly did not move when Cas stepped onto the stage. He had to shuffle between Dean and his chair to get to the drums, and this close it was apparent that Dean was just a bit taller than him, and he used that extra height to his advantage, doing his best to loom. But Zachariah’s tirades had given Cas much practice, in his time at Garrison, and so he was unfazed. “I’m not that great a drummer, but I’ll do my best so you get the idea,” he said, circling the kit. It was a fairly elaborate set, and intimidating to Cas’s non-musician eyes. Nevertheless he picked up the sticks that were lying across the snare.
She’d overheard the discussion, then, about who was going to accompany Karen to her chemotherapy session the next day. He swallowed and nodded.
“Some of that, sure.” He’s written in a few forms, but it was more about hearing the rhythm in his head than actually knowing whether academics had a name for it or not.
Of course he didn’t have to buy a car, but his brain kept circling back to cars because it kept circling back to Dean. He’d had no idea what was in store for him a couple weeks ago when he’d googled what to do on a Thursday; he’d run a particularly good math club that day and felt energized enough he was willing to try something new. When Dean had come in for the kiss Cas had thought that maybe Dean had changed his mind. Learning that it was a dare might have hurt more if Dean hadn’t blushed and looked away every time they caught each other’s eyes.
Breakfast for dinner it was. Dean took on French toast while Cas made eggs and bacon, and soon enough they were sitting at Cas’s table and stuffing their faces. Cas was wearing a clean Depeche Mode shirt, but was otherwise still in his white boxers. “I saw a ‘John and Mary Winchester’ in your ipod,” he said around some toast. “Were they your parents?”
“Shaddup,” said Dean without turning, smiling to himself to hear Cas’s lazy chuckle. He leaned farther over the drawer, picking apart the cords in curiosity. Untangling some earbuds, a small black cord popped free, a single plug branching off into two jacks. Dean sat up and twirled it in his fingers. “What’s this?” he asked.
Ash was cracking open a tall can of some cheap beer, but the girls were downing water. Dean went to the stove to check on the wine, bolstering it up so there’d be enough for when anyone wanted more, and didn’t join in on his bandmates’ chatter. He just poured Cas another Dark Toddy. “Still good?”
The answer, it seemed, was up. Dean wasn’t sure quite how he did it, but the biker used the yellow parking blocks in the lot to give his bike a boost and up onto the hood of the nearest car, which he then used to get onto the roof of the next one. “Holy shit,” said Dean.
Though there was no rain, the air was ripe with the taste of a coming storm. “Is the cavalry coming or not?” Dean joked weakly.
He wasn’t fooled by that smile, though, and was resigned as he hunkered down at the back of the room, because Dean knew the type. Her eyes were sharp behind that smile, and when the bell rang and she stood to introduce herself as Dr. Moseley, a silent sigh rippled through the room, because the other schmucks knew as well as Dean that in the case of this teacher, this class was going to be no summer school skate.
After getting home and having a quick lunch, they walked a couple of blocks down to the park so Dean could sit for a bit and Jack could run around to his heart’s content. There were a few other young kids there; Dean recognized a couple of them now that he’d been watching Jack for awhile. But of course Jack ran up to one of the new kids first. Dean smirked and pulled out his phone, opening the group text he had going with Sam and Eileen.
Novak smiled, and Dean really must have been staring at the stubble because how the hell did he miss this guy’s mouth? “Then call me Castiel, or Cas. Please.”
A log split in the fire, sending a cascade of sparks into the air. “What would you do,” asked Dean, “if you left here?”
It might have been Dean’s imagination, but Cas let the silence linger a little longer this time. “Any thoughts?” he asked them.
“I don’t want your ‘sorry’,” said Bobby. “You hang out with my boys, you ever drive them around in whatever car you pick, you ever let them ride on the back of this bike, you follow the rules of the road. Hear me?”
By lunchtime, Dean still hadn’t left Paradise Cove. He spent it waffling in his cabin, reading bits and pieces about old shipwrecks, and generally avoiding making a decision because if he left for California he’d be ignoring two potential cases, if he left for Hibbing he’d be ignoring what Missouri told him for something that might not need a hunter, and if he stayed here he’d be staying for—
“Yep!” he said. Dean looked entirely too amused by the whole thing, but Cas forgave him because he was already turning over the mug on his table and filling it to the brim. “I’ve gotta hear how this went down,” he said. A call of
Sam smiled, teeth flashing white against his beard. “Did a lot of camping with my brother growing up, among other things.”
It was warmer and still a bit darker inside. His boots sounded loud on the wooden floors. The place felt empty, though he knew Castiel at least had to be around.
The response was too low for Castiel to hear, but then there was the creaking of Missouri’s office door as it opened, and heavy footsteps on hardwood. Which paused, almost immediately, outside his own door. Castiel trained his eyes on where it was cracked open, where as yet no figure had appeared. After several seconds, there was a knock.
Cas felt tears pricking his own eyes. “He targeted the passion at the foundation of your self. The part of your soul that you look at and think, despite my failures and despite my mistakes, I am good and what I do in this world is good. And he redirected it. Little by little he twisted it inside out until one day you looked in the mirror and didn’t recognize the person staring back at you. Because it was too late. You’d already betrayed the person you used to be, and put out into the world the antithesis of what your gift is meant for.”
When Dean finally drove Charlie home later that night, she curled her fingers around the car door handle, but hesitated. “My mom didn’t die right away in the car crash.”
Castiel raced down the stairs to the second floor and barely remembered to slow down before actually entering the classroom. He was still breathing a bit heavily when he strode in and walked to the back corner where Dean sat. His eyes grew wider and wider as Castiel approached, clearly nervous. But of course, Castiel would never continue such an intimate conversation in public, or betray any confidence a student had given him. He just held out the book.
Claire shrugged. Her hair was very long now, just as blonde, a single small braid woven on one side of her head. “We do alright,” she said. An understatement: their last record had gone platinum. She led him deeper into the house, where he could hear music going. Not live music, but a good sound system, certainly. They turned a corner into a wide den with a large black lounge set with deep cushions, where three other girls were sprawled. He’d never met them before, but he recognized them from having kept up with Claire’s career: Alex, Wayward’s bassist; Kaia, whose body language was surprisingly meek and unassuming for someone who went wild behind a drumkit; and the youngest band member, Patience, who was a virtuoso on the guitar.
The day Hunter High let out for break, Dean picked Sam up straightway from school and took him back home to pack. Grown up as Dean was, as teenage-aloof as Sam was, they were both giddy as kids as they packed their duffels for a couple weeks’ stay. It had become a tradition, over the last few years, that they’d stay with the Singers during the holidays. No tiny shoebox apartment with their measly gas station tree; Singer Salvage and Auto Repair turned into a winter wonderland. The house, the garage, and all the outbuildings had multicolored lights strung neatly along every eave and window. There were a couple evergreens between the buildings, all with their own lights that glowed with special magic, nestled in the snow-covered bows, newly heavy after a recent snowstorm. There was one elm, bare-branched, that stood next to the house, and instead of wrapping lights around each leafless twig, instead the Singers had hung white-light snowflakes which dripped down over white-light deer, some standing, some leaping, others bent to find something to munch on in the snow.
At least the class’s first real papers were finally in, for which the students had to pick any poet from the era of the first unit whether they’d discussed them or not, and Castiel could glean whatever he could from the writing of them. Most of the ones he’d read so far were a bit clunky, probably from being out of practice over the summer. But a couple were very well written, if not somewhere on the road to groundbreaking in thought, and that Kevin Tran had an interesting explication of a couple of Noguchi’s poems. But now, finally, Dean Winchester’s. While Castiel always tried to grade as objectively as possible, he couldn’t help but be very, very curious. It had taken all of his willpower not to shuffle through the stack and read his first. It was titled:
“Dean,” said Castiel, quietly but still with that command that stopped him in his tracks. “I wanted to.”
Knowing he only had so much time before class started, he tore himself away and walked down the hall to Missouri’s office. As her office hours promised, she was sitting at her desk with the door wide open. He tapped the frame.
“Quite the opposite,” said Cas. “I was just trying to listen to it” —he tapped his head— “how it should be.”
“From what he was making of me.” A single tear broke free and trickled down Dean’s cheek. He wiped it away. “No one understands. They hear I stripped stolen bikes and they’re like ‘that sucks’ but they don’t get it. Working on cars, on bikes, that means everything to me. It’s my childhood, it’s my parents’ legacy, it’s…” He lifted and dropped his hands, at a loss.
Unlike his brother and sister-in-law, it didn’t matter how busy Charlie was; her phone was practically an extension of her body and he was bound to get some kind of response soon.
“It must seem strange to you,” said Cas with a tiny smile, “surrounded as you are by them. And if my family were anything like the Singers, I may have been content in my role. But no. They own financial firms. Stockbroking companies. Banks.” Castiel told him of all the ways they played magic tricks with accounts, convinced people to take out bad loans and default on them, the shell companies and overseas accounts, and all the lobbyists in every politician’s office to make sure it stayed legal. “They only ever liked numbers for their bottom line. They thought I was the same,” said Cas. “They couldn’t see their beauty. I took accounting classes, but those are nothing like high level math classes. The theory, the colors, the shapes, impossible equations men and women spend their entire lives trying to solve, just so we all gain one more piece of understanding. How can I be a good teacher,” he pleaded, “when I betrayed everything I’m supposed to teach?”
Dean blushed and turned away. He squinted out his windshield to see where they were parked along the side of the road. No mountains, no crashing waves. Not even any trees. Just endless, flat fields as far as the eye could see under an unforgiving hot sun. “Where are we?”
Knowing the Mullens were private people, and it wasn’t really the place, Cas tread lightly. “In a rough patch.”
“No, of course,” he reached out a hand, but dropped it when Dean flinched. “I meant—they were sending you to hell. But you’re not marked for hell, Dean, why would they do that? Did they say? Was it—was it because of me? I’ve been with others before and no one ever—”
“I haven’t written a song in my life, but I was freaking out like that anyway just to be in her august presence.”
Working the case had him taking on a strange double life the next few days. In one of them he was a hunter: he visited the towns up and down the coast, visited the nearest libraries to browse their books and poke at their computers, spoke to a college professor in Duluth and an Elder up in Grand Portage. He even kept an eye on news out of Hibbing, though it was all quiet on that front. The bitch of it was that Dean’s evidence wall was made up of little more than Patience’s drawing and a couple wild guesses. He had no idea what he was even supposed to be looking for. It’s almost like what Missouri and James had claimed to feel hadn’t even happened yet and Dean was left waiting for some other sign. The longer it took, the less sure he was that he needed to be there at all.
“I’m not coming to drag you back into the life, Sammy,” said Dean, losing his patience at last. “I get it, okay? You want nothing to do with me. But if something from the life has found you, it’s good to have backup.” He paused. Tried a smile for size, enough so that Sam could hear it. “And then you can introduce Jess to your hotter brother.”
“I get it,” said Dean. There was no way he could ever claim to be anything other than a man who grew from a four-year-old boy standing on the front lawn of a burning house in Kansas, baby brother clutched to his chest. But the memory felt faint in that moment, sun above shining warm on the wooden table, waves below washing the thought away, away, away. “I’ve seen a lot of the country, and everywhere has something cool about it. Even if it’s the second biggest ball of twine.”
“I know the feeling.” Bobby nodded, his eyes filled with the memory of his wife. Under his beard, the same smile could be seen.
“It’s fine. My fault for still being in bed at eleven.” Cas could hear his brother sitting on the edge of his bed.
“Heya Sam. Thanks for coming.” He prompted the younger brother inside. Sam looked around, worried something was wrong. He stopped when he saw a suited man sitting on the sofa, a plate of waffles before him.
In that same living room, fifteen years ago, Dean had stood there, a shocked expression on his face. Their dad had drunk all day, and when Sam had come back from school as an innocent starving thirteen year old, he didn’t think twice about asking what was for dinner. John had then started one of his drunken rants, about how it had been the end of the month, so they should just shut up and deal with it. “Or you could do like your brother, whoring yo-" John had begun, and Dean had launched himself at their old man, sending John stumbling backwards, his back falling flat on the coffee table, breaking it in half. And so Dean had stood there, shocked at the sight of what he had done. John had moaned in pain, insults rolling off of his tongue almost as quick as he could drink whiskey.
“Thanks, Bobby.” Cas hid his smile in his mug of coffee, feeling like he might just cry, again. He felt stupid for it, because it was nothing other than an ‘it's ok' but he had never heard it. Sure, Gabriel never had an issue with Castiel's sexuality, and had treated it as any other piece of information and Cas was thankful for it. But hearing it from Bobby, a grumpy redneck, it was different.
The sun was high, and music was blasting through the open windows. In the mirror, Seattle could be seen becoming smaller and smaller. The route 5 was the only thing he could focus on. A nice stretch of straight road, numbing his thought. Washington state had always been a ride he enjoyed, and he could afford to leave the map unattended on the passenger seat. He hummed the last notes of Bruce Springsteen, and gasped softly when a new song started. He turned the volume to maximum, his left arm hanging from the window, drumming against the black paint.
He dropped his head on the wheel, enraged and sobbing. He felt too much. Ten years. Ten goddamn years, driving across the whole country, living of some handy jobs and playing pool. Ten years, and all he had was a duffel bag of clothes, a few cassettes, journals and abandoned postcards. One was still under the plastic bag next to him, a painted version of the Space Needle in Seattle.
He rolled up his jeans, and there it was : a deep cut, hurting like a bitch. He thought the sharp pain he had felt came from jumping so quick back on his feet mixed with not being as young as he once used to be, but the bastard had bloody stabbed him. On one foot, and steadying himself with the aid of the car roof, he reached the trunk. From an unhygienic looking metal box, he grabbed a bottle of glue and some bandages. Nearby laid a bottle of rum of which he took off the lid with his teeth before pouring a generous amount on the wound. Trying to breath it out, he shook his leg. He turned and turned, trying to find the best position, and ended up lifting his left leg to prop it against the car and pivoted his torso the best he could to have a better reach.
“Right.” Charlie checked her watch.” I got forty five minutes to spare.” She grabbed him by the sleeve and practically pushed him inside a coffee shop. When they found a table, hot drinks in hand, she looked at him from head to toe. “So. I’ve seen this look before. Kinda. Not met many gay people then?”
Dean ran for the back exit, only to stop midway through the door by an arm across his chest, swiping him of his feet. Grunting, he turned and stood up on his knees, holding a single finger up.
“Yeah... acquaintance really. Man was a bastard. Not used to be though, but his wife got killed in a car crash decades ago... never was the same ever since. Raised two boys on his own. It was tough. Not an excuse to be a dick though.” Bobby downed his own drink, and signalled the woman behind the bar for an other.
After almost an hour and about to call it a night, the bartender placed a martini in front of him, saying it was from the gentleman over there. Dean turned and upon checking him out, raised his glass as a thank you, not without a cheeky wink only he had the secret of. The man leaned toward his friend and whispered something, and the both of them erupted in a gravelly laugh. Dean's eyes got caught by the shimmer of the blade the dude was guarding near his thigh.
In the inside pocket of his coat, he had started to carry a book with him. In case the urge to read something would overflow him throughout his day. To not miss the opportunity. And as he licked some tomato ketchup from his thumb, he decided to take it out, and placed it on the table in front of him. Even though reading it was not on his mind, he smiled at the view, remembering to himself he had the choice.
“Nah, I don’t think so.” Dean smirked, the corner of his mouth twitching in pain as the guy pulled his hair harder. In one move, he elbowed one of them, and punched the other, cringing at the noise his fingers made. Fight or flight. He fled. Holding his injured hand, he ran back to the front of the bar where the streetlights gave him a sense of security. Fiddling in his jackets, he retrieved the keys to the Impala, and ran over the curb and patch of grass straight ahead, joining the main road in one bumpy move.
“The other son, Dean, disappeared  ten years ago. I mean, he chose to disappeared. As far as most people are concerned, he is dead.” Cas couldn’t help but looked around the house. His house. It was strange, knowing someone else might see it as “home", and he felt like a stranger, like a guest in his own living room.
“Oh girl, are you joking? I’ve literally just drove all across Idaho, I could have made a detour!” He smiled. He missed her. Phones were great, but staying in a hotel, watching crap tv and talking all was different. He really missed her.
“Alright, that’s warming up nicely, and the batter looks good. Now we wait.” Bobby grabbed his coffee and blew on it softly. Castiel leaned back against the kitchen cabinets, crossing one leg over the other one.
Castiel rolled his eyes but smiled nonetheless. “I had diner yesterday, and I might pop out to eat out later on. I am eating. Don’t worry.”
He recognised the neon sign and parked in the lot. Keys in hand, he checked his hair one last time in the side mirror, straighten his shirt, and walked right in.
The table was already set up when Dean arrived, and an other man handed him a cue. Dean ignored him and chose one on the rack instead. “Are we playing to 100, 125 or 150?”
“Yeah...” Bobby cackled, aborting any other reaction by bringing his beer up and downing it almost instantly. “Disappeared ten years ago. Stole his old man's car... a '67 Chevrolet Impala...the kind of car you can't miss but no-one...no-one has heard about him since. Presumed dead. Sam’s sure he is.” Pam did not wait for a sign, and replaced the empty bottle by a new one.
The ball bumped the rail three times, following a diamond trajectory on the table, avoided all the balls before softly falling down the called pocket. The few people who had came to watch the game cheered and even Alistair patted Dean on the back.
.” His voice was almost just a whisper. Silence fell in the room, a deafening silence, and then Castiel cringed when the table went flying, plates and bottles crashing on the floor. Sam stared at it, as if he didn’t mean to kick it. His eyes were red, his fists were clenched so tight his knuckles were white. “Ten fucking years! Ten years of checking the obituary every morning, all across the country! Ten years of fucking visiting John Does’ bodies, hoping every time I would not identify my own brother’s body! And you know what Bobby? Some days, some
“Rule number one : the first waffles or pancakes are for the kids. I don’t care that you’re past your thirties, still a kid to me. Eat up.” Castiel laughed and took a bite, and as stupid as it sounds, he almost cried. Because they were good – excellent- waffles, but also because he felt like Bobby had given him back something he had long lost : the glimpse of a childhood.
“Come on Dean! Carry on right? Carry on...” Helping himself by gripping the Impala, he stumbled back into the driver's seat. Fumbling into a wooden box, he pulled out a cassette and managed to put it on after a few tries. An arm across his eyes, he just let the music lull him. He drunkenly and lazily sang along. “He thought he was the King of America, where they pour Coca Cola just like vintage wine.” He turned the volume up. “Now I try hard not to become hysterical, but I’m not sure if I’m laughing or crying.” Elvis Costello always reminded him of his mum, who used to play the record late at night, enjoying it with a glass of wine. He wondered if she had ever been happy. “I wish that I could push a button, and talk in the past and not the present tense.” Maybe she was not. He couldn’t remember a lot, but she had smiled, every passing day, she had this bright smile of her when she was looking at him, like he had been the most precious thing in her world. And then she looked at John. “And watch this hurtin’ feeling disappear, like it was common sense.” John had this way of treating the one around him. Tough love some might call it. Other would squalify it as abusive, plain and simple. But no matter how you wished to call it, the results remained unchanged. “It was a fine idea at the time, now it’s a brilliant mistake.”
He liked it when such an evening was going smoothly. Unfortunately, more often than not, it was ending in a bar brawl when it was time to collect the cash. Not that he minded using his fists, not at all actually, but sometimes, some piece and quiet was great.
With his left hand, he brought the two sides of the cut together, spit out the lid of the tube he was holding in his right hand and glued the wound. From the throbbing in his broken fingers, to the burning sensation of the glue doing its work, he couldn’t care less about his split lip and the iron taste overpowering his mouth. After a few ginger attempts to let his left hand go, he was finally able to grab the bandages now that the wound had stopped opening back up.
“Boy over here wanna talk about Dean... so keep the beers coming Pam!” Bobby tried to laugh and Pam nodded, her bright smile morphing into a sad one. She eyed Cas for a second and waved at him before going back behind the bar.
Castiel laughed along with them. “At least your brother tried to defend you! Gabriel once ate all the cookies my mom had made for church and as soon she asked him where they were all gone, he pointed at me with his most innocent face! I had to go through a three hour long sermon about gluttony, and the next Sunday , the priest scolded me in front of everybody and for years, I was known as the cookie monster.... I don’t even like cookies.”
“True,” said Cas, running a hand through his hair. It stuck up in a delightfully tousled look. “But all those reasons you’re wary of me?”
The water in the pool was a pleasant light blue that sparkled under the morning sun. He considered for a minute stripping down to his boxers and throwing the clothes he was wearing in the machines with the rest of them, but there was work to do. Instead he chose a nearby lounge chair with an old umbrella hanging over it for shade, and got reading.
He scratched his jaw. He wondered what Cas was planning for dinner tonight in the lodge. He hoped that maybe if he checked his phone again he’d find a message from Sammy that he missed. He took it out and flipped it open.
Donna grimaced. “You caught that, huh?” She set down her coffee and shook her head. “It’s not too much for someone like you to worry about, as long as you stay smart. Make sure your loved ones know where you are and where you’re going while you’re traveling. You’re doing that, right?” She looked him directly in the eyes, and for the first time she came across as more than a sweet small town girl. There was a toughness lurking underneath that told Dean she took her job very seriously.
“Wait,” Cas hissed, pressing his arm back down. “There’s more. One of the vice principals is going to get his spot, which leaves an opening for another vice, which they’ve offered to Naomi.”
Cas bit back his instinctive answer, already perfectly calculated to ingratiate, win trust. He course corrected so hard in that second he landed instead on unvarnished truth. “I liked your warm-up performance better.”
“I’m just saying that if you guys had sex you would’ve been bragging about it by now!” Sam said, unrepentant. Asshole. “You’ve gone out with this guy more than a dozen times on these super vanilla dates—”
came on and Miller’s orchestra struck up the kind of tune that earned the name big band, Dean started going faster and wilder. Castiel let him swing them around the space, only pulling or tugging when they were about to tumble into furniture, or when he swung them back together too hard. When the almost stumbled into the fireplace Cas stopped them, pushed Dean back a little so he could demonstrate different steps. Dean tried to pay attention, really he did, but watching Cas kicking his heels back in a fast rhythm only made Dean laugh. It looked ridiculous, this whole damn thing was ridiculous. Dean was high on too much sugar and far too much sleep; Cas was somehow a terrible dancer even though he never missed a step; and neither of them could stop looking at each other, holding gazes even when their bodies swung apart, a couple of idiots having the time of their fucking lives. They lasted one more song until finally, finally
Dean lifted his head back up, and they looked at each other. He had the strange feeling that Cas had never said that truth aloud before. Dean imagined Castiel alone now, caught between the mountains and the lake, lost in the wilderness, insignificant and forgotten. It wasn’t fair.
. “Mom died when I was pretty young,” he said quietly. “My dad, uh, took it hard. We started moving around from place to place, wherever he could get a job. Sometimes I don’t even think it was that, though, you know? Like he was searching for something. And me and my little brother were along for the ride.”
“Hey, stop!” Chuck ran toward him, this time, and tried to tug the computer from his hands. “That’s a top of the line desktop!”
Dean blinked his eyes open, and immediately squeezed them shut again. It was all red behind his eyelids. “The fuck,” he mumbled, splitting them back open a crack and squinting through the light. When he could finally make sense of what he was seeing, he drew a sharp breath. The three windows along the eastern wall were no longer the muted mirrors of last night; they were now a thin barrier between the cabin and the blazing morning sun. The sky was open, rivers of clouds streaking toward the horizon. But more than that there was the water of Lake Superior, moving restlessly below. The cabin had been placed in such away that you couldn’t see the thin strip of land between the cabin and the cliff, so that there was the illusion of floating in space, nothing but a couple panes of glass between Dean and the water. He didn’t think he’d ever seen anything quite like it.
He shook his head, but true to form, she did not let him take the easy way out. Wasn’t her style. Every moment could turn into a teachable moment: she would lead you to the water, but was never one to make you drink.
After walking a couple of blocks sweat was dripping from his own neck, darkening his simple gray shirt. He lifted the hem to wipe his face; no way Sammy was dealing with this shit in New England.
Dean watched his professor until he disappeared across the next hill, and the mist coalesced into rain.
“Yeah,” said Donna, hands on her hips as she looked between them. “He’s our new student math teacher.”
Just when he reached to open up the popcorn, his phone buzzed in his pocket. His heart jumped and he snatched the phone out, flipping it open. A text from Dad. The usual mix of relief and apprehension raced through him, but he didn’t wallow in it, clicking the button to open it right away.
After the initial burst of warm air upon the lake releasing him, the wind bit and pierced and tugged at his heavy limbs. Then the wind was gone, rough and jumbled rocks pressed into his back; he wheezed in pain as his broken legs flopped against terra firma. His throat burned. He couldn’t stop coughing, eyes squeezed shut.
When Cas turned his back to put the dishes in the sink, Dean traced the ghost of his touch, unsettled, but not sure why. He pushed it out of his mind and shoved back his chair. Then he stood, but halfway back to the bedroom he paused. “Which ipod? You have like ten.”
Dean stilled under his open expression, brow slightly furrowed like he thought with enough focus he could see deep down through all Dean’s dimensions. Which was ridiculous, because everyone knew that Dean was 90% full of crap. So what side did Cas see? How could it be possible that Dean wouldn’t be aware of his own ‘shape’ enough to understand it? After a moment Dean shoved the rest of the sandwich half into his mouth to give himself time to think. Cas watched him the whole time. Dean swallowed and cleared his throat. “You so sure of your own shape?”
Dean turned and mirrored her position at the railing, sneaking a hand in between hers. “It’s no burden.” He squeezed gently. Her hands were cool to the touch, skin almost papery when so long they’d been strong and rough and calloused with hard work. “And a lady needs her secrets, right?”
“Some party, Dean,” said Victor, examining the knife, but there was warmth beneath his customary smirk.
Dean crossed his arms. “Maybe you’re just a good teacher. Couldn’t you just you know, coach me? I could come to your office hours once a month, or something.”
The cabin felt cold and empty in comparison, the bed uninviting, the fireplace a gaping black maw. Every time the lightning flashed white in the blue-black darkness shadows danced in grotesque shapes along the walls.
Introductions were made again—Donna excitedly telling her foster daughters that Jack had also been adopted out of the foster system—which seemed to let the girls’ hackles down a little bit. That also explained why Missouri thought that all the adults would have a lot to talk about.
This time Kevin ticked his sunglasses down and gave him a significant look over the top of them. “It means they’re from really fucking rich New England suburbs. Don’t let them get to you,” he added, flicking the glasses back up and resettling in the chair. “They were pretty harsh on you today, about making bad references and pontificating about what they think’s real literature. In case you weren’t clear, it’s atmospheric stories about lobster fishermen in Maine who have estranged relationships with their children as a metaphor for the emptiness of the American Dream,” he snickered.
Dean's deep breaths stuttered and halted in his chest. Instead of breaking the spell, Castiel felt like he belonged in the quiet afternoon with his easy strength, pale shirt, coat the color of the muddied yellow leaves. As powerful and rich and expansive. Not pressing against Dean's self, but large, larger than Dean still, like his self was so massive that Dean could comprehend it less than the universe.
“I gripped you tight,” said Castiel firmly. When he reached out this time, Dean didn’t have the strength to pull away. His hand landed on Dean’s left shoulder and a frisson, like a spark, passed between them. “I raised you up—spared you from perdition.”
The laundry half of the building had two washing machines and dryers each. Dean had change jangling around in his pocket, but surprisingly there was nowhere to pay. How the hell did this place keep afloat? Whatever. Two machines and no money? He actually got to separate his lights and darks for once. Stashing his stuff in the washers took no time at all, which left him free to finally dig into those newspapers. He grabbed them and went back outside.
After taking a leisurely sip, Dean eyed the menu. It was foxed at the corners, covered in old-fashion black type. Might have even been done on a real typewriter, not that it mattered as along as he could read what was on offer, and boy could he read it: bagels with cream cheese, eggs done to order, various breads and muffins, sausage or bacon sides, french toast, homemade waffles with maple syrup and whipped cream. The only real question was how much of this could he order without paying extra, because he could probably devour everything on the menu right that second. It might even be worth the extra money.
“Some of that.” There was half a cymbal crash, a hit instrument quickly stilled, and they both lifted their heads to look in the back of the bar. A man with a mullet and wearing a red flannel shirt with the sleeves torn off was messing about with putting together a drumkit on a small raised dais that Cas hadn’t noticed before. He looked back at Sam. “I told myself it was that. But what I really couldn’t admit was that following the company line meant ruining people’s lives. It wasn’t until a young girl named Claire came under my wing that I finally faced up to what I was doing to her, and myself.”
“Oh, feeling adventurous then! Coming right away!” She disappeared in the kitchen. Cas’ eyes locked themselves on the book cover.
Dean almost crawled to the trunk of his car, and grabbed some whiskey he always kept on him. From his brown leather jacket, he grabbed a pouch of overly dried tobacco, wrinkled rolling paper and some cardboard. He rolled his cigarette, hand shaking. Grunting, he threw away the paper, wet from the remain of his tears on his finger tips. He took a large gulp of whiskey and moaned at the burning feeling down his throat, numbing himself. Rolling the zippo on his jeans, he lit on his cigarette, and just stayed there, on the side of the road, cars and trucks passing too close to him, dust making him disappear for a slip seconds in the face of the world.
“Castiel Novak...yes.” Cas thanked the waitress as she brought the beer over. “I take it John was a friend of yours then?” He took a sip.
“I left him in the past. There’s no seeing him again. Ran away you see. I’m a passenger, and I ride and I ride.” Through the window, he glanced at the Impala parked in the street.
And just as planned, the next day Bobby was there. Sam had texted him the prior night, apologising for leaving like he did, and to let him know he was back safe and sound in Wichita. He was truly proud of Sam for becoming a lawyer, and apparently there was a new woman in his life, Eileen, and the kid seemed happy. Truly happy. So who could blame him for wanting to leave the past behind? And Sam had the chance to not know. And sometimes, some truths were better buried with a dead body. He just wished he could let go of the past as well. Instead, he just wished this key exchanged would be over so he could hit the counter before heading back to work at his garage. It took him years, but he had found the car he had been looking for, and he was restoring it at his own pace, not able to work on cars full time now that his back was killing him after a few minutes of being head deep in the bonnet. The 1968 Ford Mustang was one hell of a car, and he believed than within the next year, he would be able to drive it around. He had nothing left to do anyway... Karen had passed away eight years ago, now John was dead, Sam was all grown up making a life for himself in the big city and Dean... Dean.
It was only then he realised he was still pinching the postcard in-between two fingers. Tea in hand, he sat down on his sofa, his eyes unable to look away from the Seattle vintage scene. Seattle. Was it where Dean had been all along then. Lost in thoughts, Cas nurtured his hot beverage. He thought about Hendrix, Quincy Jones, Green River. Seattle and Washington state : decades worth of music history. And Cas thought about the posters that must have been up the walls in the room upstairs, once upon a time. He did not know a lot about Rock, Blues, Grunge or anything alike. Well, he knew the history, what he had read over the years, but it didn’t know what it sounded like. He would usually just put on the radio as a background noise but never paid close attention to it, mostly because he never really cared he guessed.
Alistair called 3 in the corner pocket with combination. He kept going, trying to shatter Dean's confidence. He called 4 in the centre pocket, to which Dean scoffed. It was the quintessence of a show off shot. The 4 hit the 8, and made it to the pocket.
“So he is really alive? You!” Rufus turned to Cas and pointed his finger at him. “You take care of that house.”
Sam took one last look at what used to be the family home, and closed the door. Steps heavy, he contemplated the house, but no tears were left to cry. The air was getting colder as the sun was setting down.
“Dad is dead. And Dean... I know you don’t wanna hear it, but face it... so is Dean.” Sam said almost defensively, “He must be.” And with these  words, he handed the keys over to Bobby. “Because if he is not... Then it simply means he wants nothing to do with us anymore right? And Dean would never...” The tall man replaced his hair behind his ear and dropped his arms in defeat.“The new owner is coming tomorrow, just give him the keys, and... that’s it Bobby. It’s done.” Sam got into his car, and without even looking back, drove away. It felt like  he was running away. Escaping something as quick as he could, and never come back. Never again. Lawrence, Kansas, shall just be a random name on map from now on.
Truth be told, Castiel did not know what was wrong with him. Everything was just... nothing. He who once could spend three days debating about a Shakespearian classic, felt nothing. He had been unable to work on a thesis in more than a year, had not read a book in almost two, and he could not stand to be in a classroom anymore. It was almost as if had woken up in a world where he did not belong anymore. “Major depression", his psychiatrist had called it. And maybe that was it. But instead of getting help, or more precisely refusing for others to help him, he took on Gabriel's advice. His brother had  said it as joke though. “Go get lost in the middle of nowhere, and meditate or some crap like that. Or go on a bender!” Gabriel had told him. But the idea kept twirling in Castiel's mind, so here he was. From his inside pocket, he grabbed the pill bottle, popped two and let the bottle roll next to him. It rolled down two steps before laying still on the floor.
He wrote the Lawrence address, hating himself for still remembering it after all this time. Home. He was writing home. He dropped the postcard in the letterbox, and drive out of the parking lot. On a small country road, he stopped. Downed the rest the bottle and fell asleep. His radio was taunting him.
“I... I send a card back home. To dad.” Dean rolled the window down and grabbed his tobacco. “I don’t know why... I just... it was... at the time, it felt like a good idea.” Patting his jeans pockets, he groaned at the absence of his Zippo, before spotting it on the seat.
“Karen could not stop laughing when she told me the story that evening. She had never seen a kid with such a matter-of-fact face before!”
“I got nothing to bet.” Dean used his most defeated voice, as if to say “Sure I’ll play, but I got no money so we’re stuck.”
Castiel finished his tea and stood up, postcard in hand. Two by two, he climbed the stairs and opened the door to Dean's room. On the left wall, he ran his hands on the nails sticking out. Right in the middle, he imagined it was Kansas. It was home, for someone on the road. And so, instinctively, he raised his hand to the left top corner, and carefully, hanged the postcard on one of the nail. Seattle, Washington.
“Ok. Alright.” Sam felt weird, almost uncomfortable, in this house he used to call home. Now he was just a guest. Castiel sighed, the house keys taunting him on their little hook by the door, a burning desire to throw them back to Sam, and to...run away.
On his last bite, he hummed, content. Wrinkled napkins left to die in the small red plastic basket, he pushed the whole aside and grabbed his beer instead. Jo emerged from nowhere and cleared his table.
He exhaled loudly and pushed the door open. In all fairness, it could have been worse : it was still four walls with a roof, but compared to what he had been used to, it was...rundown to be polite. He hanged his trench coat on the banister and let out a sigh. Running a hand through his already overly messing dark hair, he contemplated the empty space. A few rays of sunshine were piercing through the closed blinds, and he dropped his body on the stairs, burying his face in his hands. How the almighty had fallen, he bitterly laughed to himself. Once he was able to regain his composure, he finally texted Gabriel.
Dean had only stopped in Everett to feed Baby some fuel, and then drove  without looking back. He had been tired, exhausted, but he did not stop driving; he just wanted to get the hell out of Washington State, as if an imaginary line between two states could protect him. He was fairly certain that John would not cross half the country to try and find him, but fear was irrational and didn’t care for reason.
After more than an hour, the game came to an end. Dean won with a significant difference, but there was no animosity between the two men, not really. Almost a mutual respect. Dean took his cash prize and offered Alistair a beer.
“If... you don’t know if Dean is still ali-...out there, how can you be sure he knows his father has passed away? Who would have told him?” Cas tilted his head once more, cleaning his fingers in a paper napkin.
“So kid, what about you? Why choose this place, when clearly you’re one of those highly educated guys who thinks a suit is an appropriate outfit to go to a  roadhouse?”
Half the bottle downed, resting in between his legs, ashes on his knees and his mouth tasting of oak and burnt, he jumped out of skin when a loaded truck passed almost close enough to drag him along under its wheels.
“Good. Great. It’s running y’know. Same old. I just wanted to check with you: there’s a dart game at the roadhouse tonight. Care to join us?” Cas thought about it. Over the last month, Bobby and himself had because close acquaintance, if not friends. Cas found in Bobby a father figure he didn’t know he had craved all his life, and it seemed Bobby missed having the Winchester kids around, and was thankful to have Cas instead.
“Bobby! I was starting to think you had forgotten all about me!” Rufus shouted, throwing them two cans of beer. “Now bring your ass down here! Team aren’t complete without the old grumpy dog!”
Releasing his leg back on the floor slowly, he didn’t think twice before swinging the rum right in, swallowing to numb the pain, physical this time.
“Kid turned 28, no big deal.” And Benny would have believed him, if it was not for Dean's voice cracking.
“I still think you’re making a mistake boy.” Bobby said, unable to take his eyes off of the closed blinds. The white house seemed unnatural like that, too quiet, haunted by ghosts from the past. The weeds had grown wild around it, and the lack of light inside almost made it look two dimensional, a weird cardboard cut out of a house. It wasn’t right.
“You should have seen John the day he insulted Dean in front of her. I was elbow-deep in the motor of the Impala, and all I heard was a loud ‘Not under my roof, Winchester!’ and John ran out of the house, a black eye already forming. He looked at me, expecting me to ... I don’t know... tell off my wife or something.” He took a quick sneak peek at the waffles. “I asked him what did he tell her, and he said, ‘Told her to stop teaching Dean how to bake or he’     ll end up a fucking poof’. I closed the hood, threw his keys back at him, and told him to fuck off. Dean stayed over the whole week-end. When he went back to school on Monday, John was waiting for him and picked him up. I think the kid was about fourteen. We didn't see him for a month after that.” He slid two waffles on a plate and started a new batch. “Maple syrup?”
It was easy to forget he was an adult when the wool covering him had been the same for as far as he could remember, worn out and colour washed out. It belonged to his mother, and he had claimed it as his own, to always have a piece of her with him. A small piece of home he had never been able to let go, even if it meant he had to fold his legs against his chest to be fully covered. It smelled dusty, a hint of gasoline and the stench of the many beers he had spelled over it in his lifetime. It smelled of the open stretch of road ahead of him.
A honk in street startled him. His heart strangely heavy, he left the bedroom, and felt the need to close the door behind him. The truck was waiting for him outside, and a few men started to bring boxes inside. There was no turning back.
He finished his coffee, and read the first page of Crowley's thesis, laughing as he realised it was just some nonsense, Fergus going on a rant about how ‘fries’ were actually ‘chips’ and ‘potato chips’ were ‘crisps’, and other non-important things. Castiel read about half of it, either laughing or rolling his eyes. He felt alright. It was a good day. And for the first time in months, he had read something, and enjoyed it.
“Well... maybe...don’t be a stranger Dean? ‘Right, peace out!” Charlie left the place, leaving Dean alone with his latte. He felt strangely good however. Lighter.
