And maybe, just maybe, they both knew they were still lying to themselves, to each other. The love they had growing between them wouldn’t ever settle for their
Being completely oblivious to the Omega's distress, Michael went on explaining, “Look, Dean, baby. You had to have known this was coming. I mean, you and me," the Alpha says gesturing with a hand between the two of them, "we would never have worked out in the long run. For me to move forward with my campaign, I need to start looking for serious potential mates. And, sorry to break it to you, but you’re just not the type of omega for
Dean hadn't been part of that conversation, not that he ever was when it came to contracts he would take on. His dad had been his manager ever since he was thrown into the industry at thirteen, and now at twenty-two, little in the decisions that were made regarding his future had changed. But considering that his career had taken off before he could even comprehend the accomplishments he made, managing to have a multitude of his songs hit gold and platinum, having numerous albums of the year and to top it all off, at the age of nineteen he had even managed to nab himself a Grammy, Dean figured regardless of that fact, he was still basically living his dream right?
“Because I asked her, and trust me, she had no maternal concerns plaguing her when she left me that day. She wanted a new life, and I wasn’t a part of her future plans. It was as simple as that Dean, nothing more,” Cas sais, a sharp edge of reprimand aimed at Dean, causing the singer to curl in on himself in apology.
chief editor, ever put him on this case, following singers around wasn't exactly his forte after all. The writer could admit that while he excelled at writing detailed, biographical-type articles of his assigned cases, which always got commemorative feedback from readers, he hadn't been able to develop that deceptive aspect that seemed to be a key player in journalistic writing about celebrities.
Luckily, their conversation was cut short when a blonde-haired woman came over, “Dean they're ready for you.”
, okay?”
And he knew it would, he just needed time away after all of this. It would would go away. It
The Alpha himself made him feel like he could act naturally around him and talk to him about anything he wanted to, knowing he'd listen no matter how stupid the topic might be.
the entire day was a little disconcerting.
“Don't worry, we don't have to play the whole you avoiding me and me pretending not to notice game just yet, I'm not on the job 'til seven,” Cas says when Dean takes too long to make up his mind with what to do, his body hovering over the bench, with the singer not knowing if he wanted to stay or just go back to his room.
“Yes, when they call first grade after his song, we will go up.”
“Hmm?” Cas says, throwing his jeans into the washer, his boxers wet and sticking to him.
Dean lets himself be quiet, beyond elated that Cas is just
Dean laughs and sits down, his back against the couch, helping when Daniel flies up from his spot on the floor to sit on his lap, landing right on his stomach.
Cas’s eyes flutter close, and Dean knows where he is. He’s told him before.
“Any idea where you got this?” Dean grunted, using the dry towel he’d thrown over his shoulder to dry Danny’s face off. Daniel sucked in a shaky breath and stuttered it back out.
Cas watches them between the gaps of the streams as they watch him expectantly. He stares at them, shifting, their forms blurred by the water.
every
“Okay, Faith, look, there’s brother!” Cas says and Faith squeals.
Sober enough to feel the hurt, drunk enough to lay  there stupidly, Dean let’s his cheek rest on the pavement, eyes half  lidded. Two years ago he would have kicked the douche bag into next  week, but now…
like a bride
Cas stands above something smoking, holding the pan out like hitting whatever it is he’s looking at will make it stop burning.
When Cas comes downstairs wearing them in the morning, Dean has to hide his smile in his coffee because Cas shuffles in them or he trips, and the sleeves are constantly having to be pushed up, and he usually has misbuttoned it, causing for some odd angles, but mostly it’s about fifty kinds of adorable.
Elohim heard the lament of the star and appeared before it.
He doesn’t realize he’s crying until he sees the splash over the faint pink of a magic marker heart on the back of his hand, placed there by a girl who is nearly thirteen  years old and wants everyone to know. There are wrappers shoved in the pocket behind the driver’s seat. They are wild berry poptarts because those are the only ones a certain sixteen year old will eat.
“You can’t take pictures in the dark without the flash on, stupid.” Dean commented, still swiping for the camera. Cas evaded and smacked the persistent hand out of his face, his frown deepening.
If you don’t the river’s gonna flood and she’s gonna rise up and pull you in. She’s lookin’ for her children, and if your soul’s thrashin’ in you like a catfish, she’s gonna take you right down.
“Huh.” Dean says, looking up at Castiel through hooded eyes, steam rising around his face. Cas tips his head in confusion.
, Castiel replied, feeling the threat of fate glaring down on him. He knew he was frowning, but what else could you do when all of it was trying to squeeze him into nothing more than a slough of atoms.
“Which is?”
. He stops what he’s doing: cleaning, working on homework, reading (a big deal when you can pull Cas out of a book, because he
inside you. To find that person,
"I know baby, I know. Go lay down, I’ve got it."
they are strong
Dean sighs something against the thick air and Cas leans forward to hear them.
“No.” He says, and he means it. He doesn’t need anything else tonight – what he wants is right in front of him.
for Halloween.”
They get to the door, but Daniel has convinced Dean to let him ride on his shoulders even though he’s getting way too big for that. Dean doesn’t mind though. It isn’t every day he gets to carry a shark like a sack of potatoes over the threshold of their house, having swung Daniel over his shoulder as they went up the drive.
every time he got the chance. Enthralled. Happy. Thoughtful.
“We’ll try again this weekend. Get Sam to take Danny or something…” Dean suggested, emphasizing the point with a kiss at Cas’s neck.
Catamarans.
“Huh.”
Laundry day was one of his favorites – he had to get up early and round up their clothes, but it forced Dean to walk out in his jockey briefs in search of clean pants, and Cas could get a very uninhibited drink of Dean’s skin while he folded towels. It was especially good if Dean put his pants on right there in the laundry room, which opened up whole other realms of possibilities – the curvature of his spine, the way his shoulder blades went snugly over his back, and of course, Castiel’s favorite, his supreme ass.
Dean exhales.
“Danny come here so I can give this to you…” Cas says distantly, watching Faith with one eye and measuring out more of the over-the-counter cough syrup with the other, having wasted no time in fishing it out of the plastic bags that Dean has brought in. Its seven o’clock at night and what Dean pushed off as just allergies the day before is a full-fledged
“It’ll be here.” Dean assures him, moving to sit in the row of black chairs right in front of the glass. He frees Faith from the trappings of her stroller before she can get fussy and pulls her up out onto his lap. Seeing this, Daniel, still a tad jealous of his beloved baby sister’s attention-stealing nature, comes to Dean’s side to, climbing up onto a chair before he worms his way onto Dean’s lap too. Faith looks at her brother and blinks before shoving her finger into her mouth and looking with renewed interest at Dean’s hand, turning it over and over and patting it with her own tiny palm.
“Shit, watch the burners – !” Dean slurred, sliding him over so that the levers wouldn’t dig into Cas’s back. Cas doesn’t really hear him though, laughing instead as he fights his hands up Dean’s shirt, untucking it and clawing bluntly at the taught skin of Dean’s back.
“You can spare a friggin’ second, now come here.”
“Oh…” Cas groans as Dean rubs his lower back, laughing as Cas arches his neck back and flops his arms uselessly on the rumpled sheets.
“Oh, really?”
He comes to the booster seat and helps her out of it and sets her down on the ground and she takes off running for the stairs.
Dean shrugs under the blanket.
“You’re damn right I’m making you clean this shit up.”
for i have seen the
Cas digs through the drawer and produces the lube, kissing him again, a little urgently.
to hide them. You just shoved them back in the box.” Cas gestures at the container, shaking his head at Dean’s stupidity like it’s something to be marveled at, “Dean, you just put the box
Cas fiddled with the camera in his hands and frowned at it.
The salt slipped back into its coma. Its eyes rolled up into its head, unseeing. It wondered what it would be like when it awoke with a last exhale of excited ions; it was getting bored staring at the sky.
Like really
Cas’s arm falls to the covers, gracefully curling in a regal arc beside his head, the knuckles just brushing his splayed dark hair. He vibrates with the force and presses his lips together before the fall open again, the room stifling and hot with the sounds of their breathing and the heater.
“Dean I am - ”
Dean’s hand falls to his thigh, squeezes appreciatively and pats or rubs a few times in the page-turning hush of Cas thumbing through the weather reports. Rain on Tuesday and it’s going to start getting colder. A shuffle of newspaper.
“Dean…” He mouths and, “Dean…Dean…”
“You’re ok.” Cas reminds her, shutting the door as Dean walks to the kitchen, pulling her off of his hip and in front of him, tossing her a little bit. As he walks he brings her stomach up to his mouth and blows on it, which makes her laugh and squirm.
The little boy, with his blonde hair and shrieking laughter, made Cas’s hands clench unexpectedly tight on the handles of his one bag, his eyes widening as his Father leaped into action, walking a few brisk steps down the avenue to snag him around his middle, swinging him up into his arms.
do not shy from me
Cas nods, not looking up from the view screen on their camcorder.
The boy and his lyre claimed Israel, as it was written, as it was.
“Babydoll, don’t let me forget about fixing that door today.”
“Projecting.” Is all Castiel breathes, and they kiss again, teeth clacking, and Castiel takes his hands out of Dean’s hair long enough to strip himself of the button down, working hands up Dean’s t-shirt. Dean’s breath hitches and Castiel doesn’t stop, clawing and palming over his stomach, his hipbones, his chest. “You act,” He starts, sounding horny and pissed, “like you don’t lie there – !”
After some thought, he finally says, “Definitely the straight A student. Not exactly quiet, but not exactly sociable either," and with a derisive snort he says, "you probably wore a shirt and tie throughout high school, though you don't seem to have been the type who particularly cared what other people thought of you. Am I right?”
So onto phase two! Hope you enjoyed Sam's POV, don't expect much chapters like this, as I'll stick to mainly Cas and Dean from here on out, but I just thought it's a good time to bring his character more into the fic, since, although he's not vital right now, he's a key player in Dean's character growth later on you could say, and I didn't want his appearance to be too random. Hope this little snippet into his life helped flesh him out a bit. And besides, I needed a break from those two, they were too sugary sweet at the end there! XD
Not to draw too much attention to it, but Jo gives some advice to Dean that not everyone may agree with.
But the night wasn’t over yet. He could still make this a good day for Cas, just like he planned on before all this.
Castiel offers up a small smile and shakes his head at the coy look Dean gives him, shrugging his shoulders as his own smile begins to form. With a mimicked shrug of the writers own shoulder, he responds to Dean's question, the words freely offered, “Falling in love's not in everybody's cards and it's just not part of everyone's dream, Dean. But I've been in a few relationships here and there, enough for me to know that it's probably not meant for somebody like me anyway.”
Castiel’s hand seems to move of its own accord as he gently places it on the side of the sleeping Omega’s face, and slowly, his thumb caresses the smooth skin beneath his palm.
Dean feels a shiver travelling through his entire body at the rough sound of the Alpha's voice, and staring back at Cas, despite the charged tension between the pair, he can hear and see the honest concern and sincerity in his blue eyes. But, although appreciated, he just wanted the man's lips back on his, the Omega's body more than ready for whatever Cas wanted to do with him.
“No, no, nothing's wrong. Just wanted to see if maybe you'd wanna meet up some time? Haven't seen you in a few, is all.” Dean says as he fiddles with a loose thread from his favourite worn-out pair of jeans.
Going to these things were cool and fun at the beginning, when he was still naïve enough to think that they were like every other club parties, just better. But he learned the hard way that the after parties were nothing more than suffering through free-be groping sessions, watching out for his drinks and a competition among his modelling 'friends' to see who could sign off on major deal contracts at the end of the night with the help of being a little too friendly with sponsors.
The article.
“Your mark Cas! I-I saw, it’s not there, I thought it would’ve lasted a few more days,” Dean replied, making his way out of the massive bathroom, not wanting to see what wasn’t there anymore.
Dean hadn't ever thought he'd be one of those artists, not having been particularly inclined to robustly move about on stage in practised steps to the beat of his songs. When he was younger he had always imagined a more intimate set-up, just him, his instrument of choice and the ears of thousands of people, waiting in anticipation to hear the first soft strum of his guitar or the first note ringing out from the press of a key on his piano.
So Dean just sits there with his forehead leaning against his crossed arms, eyes pinched tightly closed to stave off what he knew would be a flood of emotions if he lost it then. Until finally the water starts to run cold, forcing him to stand up on heavy legs, feeling somewhat accomplished that he managed to keep it together. At least there was one victory he could be proud of today.
” he was too far gone to care about how much he had been pleading with the man tonight, but by the pleasured rumble that Cas made, he didn’t seem to mind how needy Dean was, even seemed to fucking enjoy scattering his brain with pleasure as much as he was.
As he nears, a prickle of awareness creeps into his periphery surroundings, though he pays it no mind as he gets his office keys out of his coat pocket. But once he places them in the keyhole, only to find the door already open, that awareness grows until the Alpha can’t help but be at full attention.
He slammed his laptop closed at that thought, the screen to the word document he had open blinking out to black.
With a devious smile full of promise, Cas teases, "Mmm, you already have me, I need you to be more specific, my Omega."
With the Omega's attention diverted to scenting along the column of the Alpha's neck, trying to draw in as much of his pheromones in his system, Dean doesn't even notice that Cas had started steering them toward his bedroom until he hears the bang of the door against the wall, no doubt from Cas having kicked it open. Instead of putting Dean down on the floor like he was prepared for him to do, Cas simply adjusts his hold on Dean's thighs climbing up on the bed with the Omega still latched around him as he knee walks his way to the center of the bed.
When he gets to Dean, who has managed to already pull his clothes on, Castiel cups his jaw in the palm of his hands as he keeps the Omega's eyes locked on his.
Taking a deep breath in, Castiel says the first thing that comes to mind, “I apologise, that was rude and uncalled for of me to say.” Really, it was the only thing he could do at this point, and he had no qualms admitting to his shitty behaviour when warranted.
“Hello…” He laughed, pulling her hand aside, her fingers gripping his. Cas looked at her face and then kissed her, mostly because he could. He looked at the fort, heard the hum of voices and then Faith demanded his attention again, so he yielded and swung her in his arms, walking and rocking her, making her light up. He grabbed his camera from the desk in the kitchen and set her on the ground when she protested about being held, her interest now commanded by the strange blanket structure and the loss of sight of Dean and Danny. She had to keep a hold on Cas’s hand to maintain her balance, but made little toddling steps towards the fort, looking at it, and then looking back up at Cas unsurely.
“Yep. To trim the tree!”
” Cas hisses, because he gets so
It’s pretty hysterical, actually. Their hand motions are uncoordinated and choppy and only half seem to know the actual lyrics, but they all shout the song as loud as they can and after a minute even all the nervous ones are smiling, but Daniel’s is the brightest for Dean and Cas. It’s adorable and Dean is beside himself as Daniel performs the motions, glancing at their section every once and a while to smile extra big, his face flushed with excitement. Faith tries to do the motions too, and fails, settling for just clapping when she can, and staring in awe at her big brother when she can’t.
"That isn’t be true.”
Danny moved to the kitchen, flinging open the refrigerator.
Danny’s sensible voice drifts down after it, all 11 years old and wise in comparison.
“Watch him!” Cas snaps, and Dean looks up just in time to see Danny making for the grass. Dean walks on his knees and snags him before he can get too far, and Danny shrieks happily, wiggling.
that could hold
He remembered Incahuasi, too. It drew quite a crowd.
“Can I help you?”
“Dean.”
Cas is afraid, for a second, that maybe, when he steps through the other side the spell will finally break, that they won’t be there when he walks through the curtain of water.
Cas pulled the edge of his boxers back and Dean lifted his arm to stare as Cas slowly pulled his tongue from hip bone to hip bone, agonizingly slow.
“C'mere.”
“Nothing’s wrong. Just Sam’s continuing mission to turn you into an absolute fruit cake.” He gestures at the record and Castiel looks down at it and then back up at Dean.
The star confessed his love and the man offered himself; the star’s kiss was like wine and his hunger was filled.
“There he is!” Dean prompted and Cas showed himself again. Faith laughed even harder and stomped her foot in a disjointed, joyful, rhythm. She laughed, her cheeks to pink roses, and pawed at the towel, giggling like mad. Cas started to chuckle and let her pull the fabric down over his face before she kept patting, waiting for him to reveal himself, which he did, even more dramatically than the first two times, getting into the game.
the bed was without him.
Danny pushes his hair back and smiles.
“Faith, you stop that. Calm down or I’m gonna give you something to cry about -”
my silk arms
“Good - other guys are down by two, so we’ll see if we can hold em’ this inning.”
“SHIT!” he hisses, palming his hip as Castiel stares around, hair wild, looking for the source of the bang they just heard. Dean looks to him and then staggers to the pantry, stepping out of his pants to , opening the door so the light clicks on overhead. Cas slides off of the counter and pads beside him, and then Dean is bending down and withdrawing a dead mouse.
“Dean,
The words hang like crooked picture frames in his  head, which is pounding so hard he doesn’t know how he can think in the  first place.
“They’re
Sam stares at Daniel and Daniel stares back, his green eyes huge, occupying an obscene amount of space on his round, fat, face.
Once you acknowledge it’s missing you have to get it back, and he doesn’t know how to do that.
” His voice diminished and he looked appropriately embarrassed, face flushing. His hands dropped away from Dean. “I must have forgotten. I’m so sorry Dean. Really I am.”
“Dean - Dean
He put his hands back at his sides and then went back to his jigsaw puzzle, happy to bask in the noise that Dean made as he tinkered in the garage.
rated S for Spicy ;)
“Fuck.” He grits, “F-fuck, Cas.” He whispers, and Cas’s eyes flutter at him, hands combing back over his ears.
“It’s some heavy shit, Cas, but you know, humans have been dealing with that for a long time, and I think we turn out ok.” Cas listens intently as Dean talks, the weight in his chest starting to lift, though the sadness still remains. “You just have to keep loving the people in your life and you gotta hope that when you’re gone - when you have to leave them - that they have so much of you in them already that it’s like you’re not really gone at all.”
He pretends not to notice when Sam sneaks out his thumb to smooth it over the swell of Danny’s cheek while the Indians score a double play.
Cas ‘s fingers go shockingly tight with the tiny shift of Dean’s movement and he pants.
“Can you go to the bus stop at three?” Cas says, turning a page on his paperback, and Dean grunts his yes. He likes being the first one Danny sees when he gets off the bus after school, his back pack big enough to swallow him whole and his pants usually grass stained from recess.
“I’m too big to sit on this chair with you, you realize that, right?”
Lala dances with boys, Leticia gets medicine, and Keke has a toothache.
“There is nowhere better than here.” Cas remarks, his words scented with absolutes from years ago even when his voice hovers barely above a whisper. The smell of Dean’s shampoo clings to his hair and Dean holds him, fastening his arms over his back like he’s still a star that could shoot off without him, like a soul that could fly away before he could catch it. The Whippoorwill trills again and the lake laps at the bank, coming and going, but always kissing - like two lovers coming home again and again, never growing tired of each other.
He doesn’t put his coffee down even as he stands out on the freezing patio of the back yard and yells.
He clumsily made some motions and Dean gave a resigned smile.
The showman smiles, pleased with his performance.
“Faith, now we gotta’ sort this. I’ll show you.”
“Don’t be stupid.” He rushes, and then pulls Cas’s hand up to his mouth sucking a finger in. Cas jackknifes, hearing the pop of the lid on the lube and then it’s
The woman’s voice he hears next is warbling and diffused by the distance of the rooms. Dean feels the plate he’s holding start to drift back onto the counter as he listens to the music. It’s a tune he’s heard before, though he would never guess what it was. Probably something he’s heard in a movie or in a luxury car commercial. Whatever it is, it’s a lot better than what Dean had expected. The sliding strings supporting her voice almost make him think of the gentle hum of that Led Zep song he likes… Rain Song? Yeah. That one.
Where he -
The boy became a man, and from one man there were many.
Mix thoroughly and take of your clothes, spread yourself on the bed, and wait for Cas to finish brushing his damn teeth, and brother, you’ve got yourself one heck of a dessert.
it, ass.” Cas smiled back, holding the camera up. Dean looked straight ahead, his smugness relaxed into a content smile. He reached out and playfully shoved at Cas’s head, ruffling his hair, and then pulled him in again, arm around his shoulder. Cas smiled to himself and aimed the camera at the side of Dean’s face. Dean glanced at him and Cas took his free hand and shoved his face forward.
“I would have liked to have met him.” Cas replies reaching forward to drain the last bit of wine from his glass, pushing Dean’s toward him. “Now, if you do remember, we have a plan?”
i am the son of no king.
“That soup was really good.” He mumbles and Dean just shakes his head on the pillow, the remote starting to fall out of his fingers.
Unique among a million, pinpointed by darkness and  mystery, and he draws constellations from their actions, from their  love, from each movement of their chests, and it isn’t so hard to  understand why Dean says each star, why Sam catalogues their seasonal  patterns in the sky. Castiel shifts against the Impala’s dark frame. The  boys are silent now, each a hemisphere of his own.
Dean keeps the camera steady, his belly to the floor, watching Danny as he struggles.
“Seems a mystery worth solving.” He adds with a smile and they sink back into silence, touching each other’s feet under the table.
“Oh, would you care for another beer, I could go and get you one, it is rather hot in here isn't it?” Cas asks him as Dean places the empty bottle back on the table top.
, Cassie, you're hooking up with
It was as if they were both touch starved, Castiel’s hand rested on his knee the entire way back, the Omega sitting as close as possible to Cas by the Alpha’s kitchen island as they ate the pizza they had ordered for dinner. Slow drags of skin against skin, Dean feeling a different kind of hunger as he gazed at his Alpha as if he wanted to be wrapped up and held in his Cas’s embrace for always.
There had always been a shameful, narcissistic part of him that thought his problems had always been bigger than the next person’s, that his life was so fucking tragic that nobody could ever hope to understand. And he knew it was one of the reasons he pushed Sam away, because what was the point of telling him about all the dark shit swirling around in his mind if there was no way someone like Sam, someone so happy and optimistic and always looking for the fucking silver lining in every situation, could truly get anything about his life.
It was rare that Dean made requests from Sam, and he trusted his assistant to come back with all the information he needed on the writer who was going to be publishing an article on him and potentially be spending a lot of time asking Dean questions. He wanted to be prepared for whatever Cas would be throwing at him. Not that it helped when all Dean had done was scurry away from the man at the beginning.
right at that moment, maybe a bit of both, with the deafening silence in the room, and Cas’s confused expression not helping in the least.
But his exploration never lasts too long. For once, this wasn’t his show, and he couldn’t help but love how deliciously sweet giving up his tightly clasped control was. How completely gone with arousal he was when the hand that was wrapped around his waist comes up and cups the back of his neck, only for Cas to tilt his head to the side, exposing  the tender flesh of his throat as the writer breaks their kiss, Dean’s already cracked voice strangling out a moan of protest, only for him to groan loudly when he feels those chapped lips nipping and sucking and laying sweet kisses all over the sides of his neck and down lower, hands moving his collar to the side to expose more of his skin to Cas’s hungry mouth.
in so long, maybe ever and when Cas moves one of his hands to the back of his neck, pulling him forward so he can place a feather light kiss on his forehead, Dean wishes they were anywhere else but here so he can bask in this moment a little longer without the side-ways looks he knows they're starting to get from the other patrons by now.
“Yeah, if there's any movie I'd remember watching when I was younger, it'd be this one. I saw it during one summer vacation, and it was Gabriel's last few months at home before he went off to college. He could have done a million and one things with his friends, you know, the last hurrah and all that. But he knew how devastated I was that I'd soon lose basically my only friend and ally. So he vowed he'd spend the summer with me, and we'd go off and have our own adventures, just me and him.” Cas smiles at the memory of how Gabriel had come to find him sitting in their tree house, his not-so-secret hideout, when he tried to cover-up the fact that while he was happy Gabe managed to get into CalArts, he was ashamed that he had felt sorry for himself, because no matter how much his brother annoyed him, he would miss having him around and he would miss having somebody to talk to. He had been elated, no matter much he tried to talk Gabe out of it, when the Beta proclaimed that he was planning to spend his entire summer at home, so he and Cas could 'make some memories' as he put it.
Deep down he hoped to all gods that would hear that Castiel wouldn’t have to go through life as yet another rejected Alpha, bodies living, but souls dying.
Although, he shouldn't be as surprised, if Castiel could pin any character trait of Crowley's down, it was his sly, secretive way of always knowing things that Castiel had no way of explaining how he even got the information in the first place, least of all
“Yes, Okay.” Castiel agrees reluctantly, to what exactly, he had no clue.
Cas, always quick on the uptake when it comes to him, asks, “What’s this look about,” his fingers drifting as he smoothes out the furrowed lines of his Omega’s brow.
And that was one thing he couldn't hide even if he tried. No matter what pleasing mask he had put on that day, each and every one had deep lacerations slashed down the middle as frantic green eyes searched the room, brows furrowed in thought, shaking hands not calming down no matter how many times he tried, checking his phone to see if Cas hadn't maybe left him a message, his mind completely lost on the blue-eyed man that had crept under his skin.
he sounds serious about it too.
The songs that inspired this chapter:
It's the only thing he can think of as Dean slightly hobbles away before Castiel can even ask if he's okay like he meant to do before the singer took him so off guard as he did.
And just like that, he was back to kissing him, licking his own tongue into Dean’s mouth, feeling a rumble of possessive pride bubbling in his chest as he chased his own flavour.
They were ten minutes away from the hotel, Dean lost in his own thoughts when Sam, unexpectedly opened his mouth, “You going up to see Castiel? Strange though, haven't seen him all day.”
He's sure that's the end of it, Cas probably telling him that to clear his conscious or whatever, “We could still, you know, go out. On a date,” the Alpha responds and
But so far, Sam had proven to be one of the few good choices he had ever made, since regardless of his age, he had taken up the job of being his personal assistant way more seriously than Dean had anticipated, even when Dean knew this was far from his ideal career of being a lawyer.
“This is so cool!” Dean couldn’t help but exclaim, body vibrating with excitement as he bounced on the balls of his feet, trying to crane his neck up high and prop himself up as his eyes tried to scan the whole arcade all at once. He should probably try harder to get to know the crew members if they chose this place as the ‘team building’ location.
The feeling makes him curl up on himself, legs coming up as one arm embraces them, whilst Dean tried pressing the phone closer to his ear in a crude imitation of wanting Cas closer in the moment.
Dean could admit he was trying to avoid the guy like he was the fucking plague. Even though he knew he couldn't dodge interacting with him completely, he could bloody well try to keep it at a minimum, he had enough shit to deal with right now as it were.
“Don’t worry about it, Cassie,” Gabriel assured, body reclined by the mantel piece of the fire place in the lounge, Castiel sitting opposite him as he drank down the warm Camomile tea the Beta had brought him as he drank his own too-sweet hot chocolate.
“Is that a good or bad thing?” Dean says as he stares right back at the Alpha, hands moving up to tangle in Cas's unruly hair.
“I missed you.” She says, staring at him without shame and she pats at the butterfly tape on his forehead. He smiles.
“Shut up."
“Don’t you dare!” he said, shoving the fridge door shut, raising an accusing hand. Cas’s lips curled slightly upward and he tensed. Dean pointed at him, grinning, his threat a barked laugh. “Don’t you
“Is it not a good song?” Dean continues, stepping nearer, both of them watching the needle and the record.
“Was it? Was it progresso or whatever?”
“Your pie, Mr. Winchester.” Is all he says, smirking, pinching the little bit of skin exposed right above Dean’s right back pocket where his shirt has ridden up. He slips off the workbench and let’s Dean kiss him greedily again.
dry.”
A boy, smaller than his brothers, was shoved to the front.
“How are we doing?” She asked quietly, Dean’s arm coming around her, patting her thigh.
The man said.
“So sorry.” Dean teased, blinking the spots out of his eyes when the flash finally went off. Cas quickly hit the button and scanned the photograph, smiling triumphantly.
“Because, I like it far more now, that I don’t know what she’s saying.”
“…the islands of marovo, huascaran…”
“That was quick, no traffic?” Castiel says it with only half-interest as Dean opens the door, eyes fixed on the thermometer in his pale fingers, displeasure written all over his face.
this is shamelessly torn right out of the scene from 'the family man' which you should watch if you haven't cause it's Fucking Great
“Look!” Faith interrupts, and both men look up at the TV, following Faith’s finger where it points to two frogs dancing.
And from those stars, kings, and the stars were commanded
“Dean, I don’t understand the premise of your costume.” Dean looks up from the newspaper he’s reading and stares at Cas with an expression that clearly reads
to peer at the man
“IMMA SHARK!” He rumbles in his lowest voice and Cas laughs, the flash going off and making Faith blink dazedly.
There’s a soft whimper from where Cas adjusts their baby in his lap, tucking him up in the quilt Missouri sent them and the soft rustle of pages being opened on an old cardboard book.
“My little birds feeling better after your bath?”
“I’m glad you picked Daddy and that you picked us.”
Castiel, his eyes adjusted, looks past the beam of light to the shadow of the stage at the head of the theater to the man addressing him. His arm is outstretched, his gloved fingers wiggling in anticipation as Castiel stares back at him quizzically, confused. He has volunteered for nothing. He hardly knows where he is - there is a dim understanding that he has just been netted in another of the trickster’s bizarre fantasies; that means Dean and Sam are trapped somewhere as well.
He returns to making toast and thinking about the turkey thawing out in the refrigerator, his leg jiggling against the counter. He’s not going to think of flight delays, even if it is the day before Thanksgiving.
“It’s so good,” he told Dean.
“CHECK!” Daniel roars and Dean fights the smile that’s threatening to break out over his face, because this is serious business. He’s talking to a
“You know, I think we’ve got it wrong.” He replies quietly, “I think all the time before we were wearing costumes. Now we are just us.”
- think you are so funny.”
Danny stares at him, mouth slightly open and Sam grins.
“DAAAAAAAAA!” Faith gurgles good-naturedly, and Daniel nods at her in approval.
step from the shore.
I'll try not to betray you.
“So, I have a plan.”
“Charlie!” Cas almost seemed to prick up when the woman’s voice carried across the street.
“Oh man…” He gasped, “…oh man I’m sorry I didn’t mean to start crying - fuck…”
the things), and just watches. With it being December, it usually accompanies Cas shucking whatever proper clothing he is wearing in favor of his sweats and wool socks. Out come the Toblerones from his bedside drawer and his knees get drawn up under the duvet.
“Something
, and he honestly doesn’t even remember what he did, cracks an eye open and then looks away quickly.
Dean thinks about this.
“Don’t even wanna think about it. I’m fine just like this. One day at a time.”
Dean rubs the back of his head and Danny coughs and whines.
Their million eyes cast a wet gleam; they flickered and blinked, indiscernible from the stars against the black.
helping.
“We got it, that’s pretty cool.” He says conversationally, as Cas moans about Baileys and why he is never going to drink it again, and not being able to cleanse his mind of the image of that dead limp mouse.
” Cas continues, turning a page. Dean’s heart melts as Danny says something, his words garbled and rough from sleepiness and the shadow moves across the wall again as Cas rocks, back and forth.
“Danny’s pretty smart.”
from my face
, and Cas appreciates Dean more than he’s ever appreciated anyone.
“Papa! Come play!” He shouts and Dean looks up from his car to glance over his shoulder. Cas stalls for a moment. He isn’t used to being asked to play. He’s never
The star became a boy, and what had been many became one heart.
“Cute kid.” Dean commented, watching the family interact as Castiel’s face went from curious to scrutinizing, as if he was trying desperately to find an answer in the way the young family seemed to move as a unit closer to the curb, the mother’s arm linked with the father’s, the little boy – Charlie – perched on his shoulders, looking around in wonder.
here?” Daniel whines and Dean glances at his phone before shoving it unceremoniously back into his pocket.
matters.
It never really has.
“A man is not a man, what a funny thing to say! If it looks like a duck, right? Probably a duck – but, this is a show of the strange, and perhaps our friend here isn’t what he seems at all!”
“Charlie! Charlie, wait sweetheart!”
i would lead you up the path to the place
, Castiel thought tiredly, salt water seeping into his socks. He knew, of course, that he wouldn’t be here. He wasn’t there the first time. He was beginning to understand that his Father was probably not anywhere at all and that this journey he was taking was becoming less of a directive and more of a distraction.
“Oh yes, really?” He answered as she babbled. “Mhmm, tell me all about it.”
While Cas had been complaining of odd things for a week, it didn’t become personal for Dean until he discovered the hole in his Doritos.
Cas’s voice is thoughtful now, and hushed, probably because he’s pressing small little kisses to Danny’s hair as he speaks, his words only broken as he turns the pages to show Danny the pictures.
“Dean.” Cas’s appearance isn’t expected, but Dean’s  out of his mind, so giving a shit isn’t high on his list of priorities.  Let him appear wherever the fuck he wants. He’s gone. Something  clenches in Dean’s stomach, a raw nerve rubbed till it spits sparks all  over his insides.
“They make me think of Spock.” He answers, “Black hair and green blood!” he points to the black outer edge and the green minty frosting inside, trying to pull that ‘I’m so endearing come cuddle with me and we’ll forget it’ kind of look. Cas reaches foreward and snatches the rest of the cookie, stuffing it in his mouth.
a drink.
“All that in this song?”
bring to me the son who the sun has bent to kiss
“The man saw the light from the star on the water and followed it all the way to the shore, and when he reached it he was out of the darkness, and he could finally see he was a fish and remembered he was a man, and stepped out on the bank.”
” Cas’s words dim as he rocks them, turning another page with a soft drag of his fingers, “
“I love you too.” Dean echoes. “Now get home.”
Today, Dean finds himself mouthing the words along with Cas a song he heard long ago – words he had forgotten.
“Love you more than the moon.” Danny mumbled, turning over, the dog shoved under his chin. Dean kissed his son’s ear and then eased out of the room, shutting the door as quietly as he could behind him.
Maybe yanking everything out of the pantry to search for the nest with his old hunting torch crooked in between his neck and shoulder, belly scraping the floor, wasn’t exactly the most mature decision, but Dean wasn’t one for wasting time. When the mouse got the Doritos, Dean got the mouse. Only, he had started dragging things out from under the sink and the stove and all he’d found was a trail of mouse turds, but no mouse to be found. His thirst for vengeance only increased, though. He had been looking forward to watching the playoff game and eating those Doritos, and now, without them, he’d be grumpy which would make Cas grumpy and when Cas was grumpy
“What does that mean?” Leticia asks after a moment, because that is such an odd thing to say. The bruja laughs a little more and waves her over, ducking into her house.
“No…sir.” He adds reluctantly before turning to his sister and then glancing at Dean before puffing his cheeks out and putting his hands on his ears. Faith stops hiccuping long enough to watch her brother, her features melting into confusion. She watches Daniel, her mind obviously furiously working to understand the sudden change. Dean bites the inside of his cheek as she glowered suspiciously.
“You did good.” He nodded, and then, after another moment of considering Dean’s face, shook his head, starting to laugh. He sat up and walked forward on his knees, and Dean, getting the hint, laid back down on the bed till Cas was comfortably situated on his hips, leg on either side of Dean, staring down at him, eyes sparking playfully. “You did very good Mr. Winchester.” He murmured, bending down to kiss Dean briefly before withdrawing to dip his finger in again. Dean made a frustrated noise, not eager to lose the taste of chocolate he was just getting into on Cas’s tongue, but then he was too busy jerking as Cas dotted his chocolate-covered finger twice on Dean’s middle. Craning his neck, Dean watched as Cas painted a very large and indelicately drawn smiley face on Dean’s stomach, the swipe of its mouth laid out sinfully close to the waistband of his boxers, in the taught dip between Dean’s hipbones.
Which wasn’t exactly true within itself, because when Cas was grumpy he usually pretended that
“No, I wanna too!” She says, and then he feels the tickle of her eyelashes against the sensitive skin surrounding the outer corner of his eye. It only lasts a second, though, and soon she’s wiggling to get under his arm with all that constant, restless, energy she employs as she bounds away. He watches her dissapear round a corner, behind a tall bookcase.
It got personal
“Nothing! Cas and I were just sharing perspectives.” Sam laughed, reaching over to playfully punch Castiel in the arm. Castiel couldn’t help it.
He thought of his Father, who made the blue of this sky - a reflection of water and atmosphere. The same startling blue of these eyes now rolling around in this head, of newborn babies.
“This was a good idea.” He whispers and Dean breathes a laugh and strokes the fine hair at the base of Cas’s skull.  “For everyone.”
Sometimes Dean does this thing.
“Publix is closer.” Dean decides, holding Cas on his lap with looped arms when he starts to get up.
my willow branch
That got Danny’s full attention and he was scrambling out of bed, dragging his beloved stuffed puppy with him. Polly was quick at his heels, herding him as he scampered to the staircase, descending them slowly until he got halfway and saw the fort still set up.
have you forgotten my eyes?
or anything - it’s a pretty famous song…”
“DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDY!” Daniel shouts, his voice, long and whining, winding into the hallway and into th bedroom. Dean groans, Cas folding socks, wincing as he rolls a pair together and then tosses it down with the rest of the folded clothes.“DADDY FAITH WON’T STOP!”
A sweet and sorrowful secret is how it must be for Cas; for
“Shit,
“You’re dead, you hear me? You’re gone. You’re
“Uh…” Sam starts, putting a cautious hand out towards Daniel’s stomach to pat it the way he’s seen Dean do. “…hi there.” He continues and Daniel blinks at him and kicks again, before craning to look at the massive hand now covering his jersey-cotton clad abdomen. Sam pats his round tummy and Danny flails his hands till they land on top of Sam’s fingers. Sam let’s him pull at them and then lifts his heavy palm off of the baby to bring them to his face. Daniel goes cross eyed and squeezes his fingers, opening and closing his fat hand over Sam’s large knuckles.
“Dean!” Castiel is about to get riled, and Dean eats yet another oreo, black crumbs skirting his lips. Castiel shakes his head in finality, throwing a hand to his hair, petting the unruly black. “Why do I even bother?” He growls, “It’s like talking to a child…”
“We gonna go drive?” She slurs, coughing and Dean covers her mouth with the towel he used to dry her hair, but she shakes it off when he tries to wipe her face, her little nose red and raw, her eyes all weepy.
to brush his teeth and that he
cool, forgiving, wind
“Oh, really?” Dean said, pushing his face towards Cas’. Cas nodded, eyes already closing, lips already meeting Dean’s. He had to break away to laugh some more, but Dean pursued his mouth, sliding them together, panting a little as he forced Cas’s mouth open.
a child imitating the stance of his father, arms crossed, jaw stiff
Danny dresses slowly in his room, stepping sleepily into his pajamas and coat and boots while Dean helps Faith into her nightie and a sweater that he buttons up and socks too because it’s freezing outside. She puts her feet into them with a tiny smile, spreading her toes because they are her favorite colors: yellow and blue stripe.
“It’s macaroni, your favorite.”
“I put it in cold water to soak it can wait till tomorrow.” Cas said, exhausted, and Dean kissed him in between the words.
Elohim saw Death’s sorrow and took pity.
“Ok.” He breathes, before stopping, almost reconsidering, but not really. It’s more of a qualifier what he says next. “But she needs a bath – they both do. And we’ll put some of that rub on their chests, and they have got to get out of these clothes…I should have had them change earlier but I was tired and I wasn’t thinking…”
“Just swish it.” Dean reminded and Daniel did for a few seconds before reaching into the toilet and spitting it out. Dean flushed it and stared at his son, his t-shirt rumpled and his jeans dirty. Daniel leaned his head on the wall and sighed.
“But in the beginning of ninth grade, John decided we should move to L.A, since that's where all the action was happening for budding artists and everything. Was really our last stop before I was signed to my first record label. But for most of that year, I was in the same school, managed to make a few friends, and eventually got a girlfriend too. I was happy. Just really fucking happy for the first time in my life.”
Seemed Castiel’s body was on board with that thought as he skated his hands down to the tops of the singer’s thighs, spreading and lifting them up that much more, encouraging Dean to wrap them around his shoulders instead of his hips.
But then he looks over at Dean with the biggest smirk stretching across his face, and the singer takes back everything her ever said and knew about the big moose as Sam, as he opens his big mouth, “My my, is
Eventually they break apart, Dean giving her a gummy smile, his instincts finally cooled down a bit to allow him to break away.
“W-what?” he stutters out, and then lets out a dismissive little snort, “No you didn't.”
One thing he did know with a palpable sort of certainty though, was that he wouldn't come out of this unscathed if Dean kept surprising him like he seemed to keep on doing at every opportunity they found themselves alone together like this.
Dean let’s out a questioning hum, confused at Cas’s words.
“I'm kinda easy, huh?” Dean can't help but laugh a little at himself, and instead of sounding cruel, it sounds genuine and light, and he's stupefied by the sound, his heart shuddering a little when he looks up and sees a similar glint of amusement in Cas's eyes.
Castiel can't help but be amused at his huffy indignation as he takes a seat on the carpeted floor at the foot of the bed, a pillow stacked behind him from Castiel's bed for maximum comfort.
When the Beta sees the look he's crafted in the green, wide-eyed look the Omega is giving him he goes for the blow, “Well, I'll show you just how fucking spiteful I can be you little bitch. Think that Alpha of yours will still love a base dirty little slut after seeing who you really are? Try to fuck me over by chasing after any knot head that comes sniffing your way rather than accepting me, well just you wait, my sweet. I'll make you regret ever choosing those degenerates, when I'm the one that sees the real you. I'll make your life a living hell Dean Winchester. I promise you that.”
he gets these migraines that just pop out of nowhere sometimes, it's nothing bad or harmful, at least that's what he told me. I gave him a few pain killers, which usually helps, but then the vertigo kicked in and well you can see the result of that for yourself,” she explains, gesturing to the state Dean is in, but that knowledge is a small relief to the Alpha side of him, seeing his Omega so out of it and vulnerable in front of another Alpha, no matter that she most probably knew him a lot longer, and better, than he did, but maybe that was exactly part of his agitation as well.
The third finger took a little extra work though, Castiel feeling the tensing up of the singer’s muscles as he worked it in along with the other two, Dean’s chest heaving as he fought his body to relax through it.
apparently, says, finally ending their stand-off, hand reaching out for Castiel's.
, pure, unadulterated, raw
“Uhm, yeah, so that was it really. I mean ya don’t have to wear the shirts if ya don’t want to, I just thought…well anyway, maybe it wasn’t such a good id-”
Well except for one aspect, which was the actual dinner portion of the evening, but he hoped Dean had a few suggestions and it felt right that the Omega should have a say in what they would be doing for their first time out. And okay, maybe him choosing was also a way for the Alpha to get a few more hints as to what the Omega liked, he had a feeling using more subtle cues was the way to go if he wanted to get to know a little more about the Omega's preferences seeing as he definitely did not want this to be their last date.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As he steps back into the room, Cas hot on his heels as if to argue some more, Dean takes a look at his face and the complicated outfit he still had on and knowing a quick shower would probably be in order seeing as he just slathered on an absurd amount of deodorant after their rehearsal to make it in time for the rest of his appointments.
He stumbles out an apology, feeling bad that the Alpha is carrying everything, with Cas attempting to wave him off as Dean tries to take the chair from him.
But uncle Bobby seemed to have other ideas as he steps further into the room, the harsh scent of his anger wafting in the small space of the room as he eyes the Alpha, “Why the hell-'re yer say that for boy?” His accent going thicker as his anger and annoyance boils over.
It worked every time. Castiel could admit he felt a sharp swoop in his gut at what John was saying, but he buried it far down into the depths of his mind, this wasn't the time and sure as hell wasn't the place to get distracted from what was happening at this exact moment.
Turning back around, he looked on at Dean's hunched in shoulders, his head titled down and hands grabbing hold of the edges of his mattress. And Sam could understand why he looked so tense. Recording sessions with his dad in the booth always made him more nervous, more on edge than he normally would be if it were just the regular crew working with him. But John expected his son to be perfect, and if he wasn't, or if he found the tiniest imperfection in his vocals, it only meant longer sessions and sleepless nights for the singer until the man was finally satisfied.
Dean didn't move from his spot until the door closed with a bang behind John, the noise causing him to jump slightly. Not wanting to upset his dad even more, Dean walked over to his dressing table, slumping in the chair there as he started rooting around in the various make-up bags for some coverage. Looking up into the mirror once he found some, Dean finally saw how red and raw his cheek looked against his fair skin, his red-rimmed eyes staring unseeingly back at him.
But he was so so wrong, as the Omega decided to lean in and press his lips against the Alpha's, and with the shock of the action taking momentary control of his body, the Alpha didn't know how to react at first, but then Dean had let out a moan that set the Alpha off and all of a sudden he couldn't seem to get enough.
As he had been making his way to the back exit, something in his periphery had caught his attention. Castiel couldn't believe his eyes when he saw Dean, sitting in a booth separated from the rest of the others and far enough away from the crowded dance floor that it seemed as if he were sitting in his own little bubble.
He messes around with the device for a bit, taking random sips of his tea since he isn't really expecting a response from the Alpha anytime soon. It was around eight in the morning and Cas was probably already at work. It's one of the reasons why he's so surprised when his phone pings only about ten minutes later with a new message from Cas.
Hands burning, aching from its sudden assault, he pressed them flat against the unmarked wooden surface, bowing his head, trying to get the thoughts, the fucking
button.
And with a heart slamming in his chest for an entirely different reason, Dean walks out, forcing his body not to turn around, knowing he’d find Cas’s ocean blues trailing him as he makes his way down the passageway before turning the corner, making his way to his own sterile, suffocating hotel room.
Castiel takes a seat on the other chair, but instead of hearing the explanation as to Dean's unexpected visit, the silence that had enveloped the room since the singer entered persists. Usually the writer's pretty good at waiting people out, not too bothered by the heavy tension that comes along with the deafening sound of nothingness, but something about the man in front of him puts him on edge, makes him feel off-kilter and slightly less indifferent than how he would react in a situation such as this. Not that anything like this has ever happened to him before. Maybe that's the problem then. It's the explanation Castiel goes with when he finds he's the one to break the silence as he says, “You look nice.”
in the room didn't seem to give a fuck when the next scathing words tumbles out of his mouth, “Okay, let's just end things there, clearly we're getting nowhere today. I'll see you all bright and early tomorrow! If we don't nail this by the end of practice it's going to be
“Obviously I refused to let Dean out on stage in this condition, but I have to go and soothe some ruffled feathers out there, since they're not too happy Dean didn't model in the event, and a lot of important people were expecting him to be here, but he needs to get home and I don't trust any of these fucks enough to have them drop him at his place alone when he's like this.” She doesn't mention the fact that the Omega had been asking for him and refused to leave before he saw the Alpha, she had a feeling he would definitely have it in for her if she revealed that tid-bit.
“Ellen, this is Castiel, Cas, this is Ellen, Jo's mom.”
Finally, his hand lands on his cell, and gripping it loosely in his palm, he automatically swipes his thumb across the screen with eyes only half-open, not even bothering to read the caller-ID. Sam then presses the phone to the ear not currently squished by his pillow, and in a rough, sleep addled voice he mumbles out a, “Hello?”
He had let love do that to him once before, and it had brought him nothing but pain and anguish and wishing he couldn’t feel a thing anymore.
for everything his dad always hated about the stories he heard of how Omega’s should be.
For some reason that pisses the Omega off so he leans up on his elbow and with narrowed eyes looks straight at the Alpha, “Well, fuck those people, nobody has the right to make you feel bad about doing something that you're passionate about, Cas. If it makes you happy, then you shouldn't listen to what others have to say about it. And besides...”
The place was buzzing with laughter and the sound of people playing ten-pin bowling as the heavy ceramic balls bounced and glided across the shiny, smoothed out wood, a crashing sound emanating as they knocked over pins. It was like stepping into the night-life of a nineties geek fantasy.
“Cas, come on, need you in me,” Dean knew he wouldn’t last much longer, his own cock hard and leaking, already fired up and ready to explode. It’d been a long while since Dean had bothered finding a discreet enough hook-up, let alone finding the energy to get himself off and it was too much, too much stimulation, too much arousal coursing through him and he was ready to just let go, but fuck, he wanted the man inside him first.
But things were different this time ‘round. Right now he was here as a friend, and not as someone who wanted anything out of the writer.
He thought he had been good about somewhat hiding his presence, but with the easy way and precise direction Dean had taken, the singer had probably noticed him a while ago, even though he had come into the studio a whole hour after rehearsals started, having had some issues with security and access as usual.
Dean turns his head around and stares up at the ceiling as he starts to explain, “Back when I was younger, we weren't exactly well-off. My dad moved us around a lot, looking for jobs at any place that would take him.”
true, which I’m not saying it is, I don’t…I don’t know if Dean’s…if he’ll even want to be claimed Gabriel. Things are…they’re just different now, for Alphas, you know that.”
He had thought he loved his mother, but how could he really, truly say that? She was a stranger to him now and perhaps then too, somebody he barely knew. After he had met her all those years ago, she had shattered him.
Case in point.
“What’s what like?”
Turning around himself, the Alpha finally lays eyes on the man he had last seen a little over three months ago and who had somehow managed to capture his attention almost a year ago.
Looking back down the hall he spots nothing of note, and he can feel the slight tilt as his brow furrows in confusion.
But the Alpha laughs, an almost musical quality to it as she shakes her head at him, her own cool blue eyes staring playfully at him as she says, “Mmm, think that title belongs to you Omega, and I can see why, you’re absolutely delightful,” her tone almost coy as she gives him a once over, with her lips settling into a soft smile once her eyes met his once more.
Getting back on track, he continues, "I was maybe sixteen or seventeen, and I remembered this random ass dude coming up to me and asking if I would be willing to model for some art project he was doing or something. At first I thought he must be crazy, no way was I gonna just up and go with the guy, right? But then he offered to pay cash for my time, more than what I would have earned in a month doing small part-time jobs around town. So I agreed to do it. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, hella uncomfortable yeah, but not the worst way to get some cash in my pocket. Anyway, he ended up giving me a couple of the shots he took and said I should try going professional, thought he was calling bullshit, but in the end decided I might as well go for it, ya know?”
Dean knew the ball was firmly in his court now. Cas had already made his decision back in the singer’s hotel room all those hours ago, his gentle caress only making it clearer what his decision was. And now it was his choice to make, this step, whatever happened between them from here on out, it was all up to him. And he needed to make up his mind about what he wanted this between them to be before Cas went through that door alone.
He hadn't known what to expect when Dean had pulled him onto the crowded dance floor, but once the Omega moved his arms around his waist, Castiel couldn't control himself from bringing that plush body closer to his, his Alpha side still very much at the forefront of his actions and it wanted to feel the Omega's body pressed up right against his. Preferably skin-to-skin, but just feeling his body heat seemed to satisfy his instincts and with the weight of the Omega's arms around his neck, his body pressed tightly against him and the Alpha's hands spread across his back where he could feel the soft give of his flesh, Castiel never thought it could get any better.
And he knew, like the newbie photographer, the Omega was going to be the one getting eaten alive before the end of this trip if he didn't straighten himself out and soon.
It made the other two dancers doing the performance with him grumble slightly in irritation at the singer when he wasn't taking note, even as Castiel saw them giving Dean encouraging smiles when he tried to apologise for doing such a bad job today.
He didn’t need Dean to save him, not from a past that couldn’t change, not from all those bad memories that he kept locked away inside him. All his life he had thought he had become too cold, too distant from a humanity he couldn’t hope to recognize anymore, couldn’t relate to. He had thought having somebody that loved him was the key, the thing that could bridge the gap that kept on growing and growing and growing with each passing year because he never bothered to let anyone in enough to care.
Looking down at his hands, frowning when he realizes that he was clutching his phone in a vice-like grip, Dean finally manages to break the silence that had settled between them as he absorbed her words, “Cas, he said he wanted more, and to be honest I do too. He's really great Jo, too good for someone like me,” Dean says ruefully, but quickly continues when he sees Jo about to protest his comment, “I’m just really tired of getting my heart broken. What I have with Cas...it just makes it so easy to let go, I can be myself around him because I know there’s no need to impress him and act like I’m the type of person he would want longer than a night or two.”
The whole costume, which is what the Omega called it, he refused to call it actual clothing, definitely deserved a spot at the top of his list of most bizarre, unflattering and downright degrading outfits he has ever worn in the history of his career.
It was all it took. Before the singer could completely move away, Castiel pushed his own body that much closer to Dean’s, hand moving to wrap around his waist, making Dean arch into him, his free hand coming up to the side of Dean’s jaw, his thumb applying the slightest amount of pressure on his chin to angle the singer’s head so he could deepen the kiss.
“Me and a few of the girls are having a little get-together after this,” the woman carries on as she leans down, getting closer to the elusive Alpha as she whispers in her best suggestive tone, “you should join us, might find something you like.”
Although his brain hasn't quite caught up to what he was seeing, his body is quick to react as he immediately kneels down beside the Omega, carelessly throwing his coat and the bouquet of flowers he had bought to the side as he slowly and carefully arranges Dean's body so his head rests against the Alpha's chest.
Once Castiel gets in the driver's side, before turning on the ignition, he says in a questioning tone, “I was hoping you'd have a place in mind to get some dinner before I take you to the place I plan for us to go tonight?”
a lot lately, and turns out I really like you, Alpha, and I'm willing to give whatever this is between us a shot. So, ask me again, Cas.” Dean says, in a low, sultry voice that the Alpha finds uncontrollably seductive, made even more so when he knows Dean doesn't even realize what he's doing.
for pete's sake.
Dean sat there in silence, not knowing what to say when she finally finishes, Jo shrugging her shoulders and giving him a self-deprecating smile, like she never quite meant to say so much or for it to sound as preachy as it came out, which was understandable since Dean knows it could sound vaguely insulting and judgemental if she said it to just any random person. Although, this fact doesn't cause her to back down from what she said either, something Dean could appreciate. Strangely enough, it was one of the most riveting things the Omega had heard in a long while, because deep inside, no matter what bullshit he told Jo (that was probably one of the reasons she said what she did, since she had the uncanny ability to know when he was lying, or he was just
Then, fucking finally, he felt the blunt press of Cas’s cock at the entrance of his spasming hole, gently pushing in until the head popped in, causing the writer to grunt whilst Dean’s breath became more laboured and heavy at the unrelenting pressure of Cas swiftly seating himself to the hilt before stilling, only then giving him some time to adjust to the wide girth and length impaling him.
But not one to be bested, Dean had gotten him back when he casually mentioned the little crush the Omega had spotted Gabriel harbouring for Kali, his new secretary. And Dean was more than a little proud when he saw the slack jawed expression Gabriel had turned on him, as if he were shocked that he had been found out, with the Omega rolling his eyes at him in response, because honestly, the Beta was one of the most transparent people he had ever come across, he practically wore his emotions on his sleeve.
Castiel would never be more grateful to his brother than the day Gabriel had come blazing into that God forsaken place to come and get him out of there, the young Alpha hardly remembering how he had managed that, seeing as he was as drugged up on whatever neutralizing medications they had tested out on him to see which was the right ‘fit’ for his body.
It was as if his body couldn’t contain himself anymore, couldn’t contain the tidal wave of feelings that were flooding through his system, demanding to be let out, demanding that Dean see all of him, indulging in the satisfaction of knowing that it was winning over him. That the choice wasn’t his anymore: to keep this a secret, to hide this from Dean, from
It’s then that he sets his mug down and walks over to Castiel, sitting beside him and placing a tentative hand on his back as he looks at the fire that they had set, blazing and flickering in its bright orange and yellow and red embers, “I know Cassie,” he says quietly, voice gentle but firm as he continues, “But I also know you deserve everything you’ve dreamed about wanting someday. And you want a mate, you want an Omega to accept your Alpha’s claiming bite. And fuck, no matter what anyone else thinks, it’s not wrong to want those things. You can lie to yourself if it makes you feel better, you can hide who you really are behind those suppressants you take every morning, but you’ll never be happy, not in the way you
“Uh, I'm Castiel.”
benefit and all that.”
“Anyway, I wanted to help out where I could 'coz my younger brother, Sam, he had these big dreams of going off to study law at some fancy college, and kid being the freakin' genius he was, I knew he could get into any one of them, but that shit ain't cheap even with financial aid."
Fuck, he wanted Cas so much it scared the shit of him.
Sighing, Castiel looks over at Dean, staring at him openly, unashamedly, and as he's about to look away, he sees a flash of understanding flicker in his eyes, asking the question, but already knowing the answer. It's the first time he thinks that maybe, just maybe, they could be more similar than what he expected they could be. And he can tell that Dean knows that too.
Though, that doesn’t stop him from thanking Cas as he raises his own hand to cup his Alpha’s stubbled jaw in his palm, thumb stroking over his cheek and marvelling at how lucky he is as he brings Cas’s face down to his own, gently brushing his mouth against those chapped, dry lips in a short but fierce kiss as he pours his gratitude into the action.
Getting up from the water is a bit of a struggle since it feels like all his limbs had seized up and went numb to his commands, but he manages without embarrassing himself and graciously accepts the long, thick, white dressing robe one of the assistants brings him when he treads further up the sand bank as he makes his way to the 'dressing room', which was little more than a pitched tent a couple of feet away from where the photo-shoot was thanks to their public location.
But, another new, unknown part of himself that had somehow managed to let this green-eyed creature into his life, let him burrow and settle under his skin without his know-how, that had unselfishly, unintentionally and unconditionally given his heart away with no promise, no expectation of reciprocity, had told Dean all those sordid things because as much as Dean wanted to be known, to be
“Hmph, yeah, well next time, you should just tell 'em you have a boyfriend, and to fuck off, she was practically drooling all over you! And don't you dare fall for that sweet little angel voice either, Abaddon is a total bitch.”
He gives Cas a bright smile when he sees his grumpy expression looking none too pleased he had to leave the comfort of his room.
Dean in turn looks at Cas with his own open, sincere expression, letting the Alpha know he wasn't joking around, “Is this you being serious, or are you teasing me right now Dean?” Cas asks, clearly needing the verbal confirmation, which the Omega could understand since just a week ago he had refused the Alpha, so he puts the flowers aside and reaches his arms up to wrap around the Alpha's neck, bringing their bodies closer so Cas was standing in the space between his legs as he shifts them wider, the Alpha's hands automatically going to the Omega's hips to steady him on the chair.
Dean's taken aback by the question, it was a logical one to ask he supposed, but he hadn't anticipated to be asked this question, rather preparing whole spiels about how he would reimburse Cas ten times what he was getting right now and that Cas would be getting whatever royalties it would make if it went through publication or whatever, and how it could be good for Cas's career, and a whole plethora of incentives as to why Cas should agree to take this on. He wasn't expecting the writer to ask what his own motives were.
“Shit,
, Castiel thought with humour, thinking about his brother's words the night before
“I think I've let you carry on with this bullshit long enough, what the fuck is wrong with you? How dare you run off and lock yourself up in the fucking bathroom like a damn pussy, do you know how crazy the press are going on right now? Fucking stories everywhere 'bout how unprofessional you are, making people wait over forty minutes, before you decide to get your sorry ass on that stage. Half of 'em are even speculatin' that you'd been doped up and drunk off your ass during the entire fucking  concert! ”
Scoffing as he straightened up, John replied, “'Course I didn't say no, don't be fucking stupid Dean, this is
But that just leads to Castiel openly staring at the deep, golden-green hue of his eyes that are staring back at him with amusement, the writer noticing the crinkle and genuine mirth in them instead of the polite and confused looks his humour usually gets.
“No, there's no problem Cas.”
Dean didn't know how to put into words why this was so important, part of it, he knew was that it was a way to force himself to dig through his own muddy, broken masks to find the one that wasn't a fake. But in his own selfish ways, he could secretly admit that he wanted somebody to know him, know all the fucked up versions of himself that made him say the things he said, act the way he acted, speak the way he spoke. It was about having somebody who would remember
“I have excellent news Dean,” John says proudly, the satisfied look that he carried out with him after returning from his private business meeting still firmly settled into the contours of his facial muscles and skin. A look that Dean had seen many a time when John had gotten something he wanted. A look that never meant anything good for Dean.
desperate as Castiel fucked him deep and brutal, taking whatever Dean was willing to give, selfish in his pleasure as he plundered in and out of Dean.
Not that he was gonna tell Cas any of that. Not yet, anyway.
Cas was a looming presence over him, and Dean was a vocal mess, moaning and whimpering as pulses of pleasure kept him on the edge. He knew once they came together it would be intense, but fuck, this was something else, more akin to an explosion that had erupted, heat building and bubbling until they were both suffocated under the pressure.
With eyes still shut, enjoying the moment, Castiel hums before replying, “What's that?”
“Hmm, with the filthy sounds you’re making at being bitten we’re clearly a good match then,” Cas responded, his own voice sounding a lot more as if he was pushing ten packs of cigarettes a day with the deep rough rasp it had going on.
The name has the Omega furrowing his brow in concentration, knowing he’s heard it before, and then, not a minute later it’s as if a light bulb went on as Dean finally understands how Gabriel had known someone from Cas’s work.
He had wanted to drag this out, explore and lick and taste every inch of the younger man, but they both wouldn’t make it, not this first time. His searching hands finally found the bottle of lube he had stashed in one of his suite cases, popping the cap and managing to liberally coat his fingers single handed.
Castiel gives Gabriel a dark, stormy look, the one he's perfected over the years of dealing with difficult students, “That doesn't mean shit, and you know it. I wasn't exactly on his radar before he met Michael, you know. He barely knew I existed!” Castiel responds vehemently, slight rejection marring the blunt words.
Standing, fresh-faced and
Not being above begging at this point, the Omega manages to stutter out, “C-cas, please please, want you, Alpha,”  when he feels Cas's thumb start to tease his rim alongside the other three fingers that are driving deeper into his body. With the added pressure, Dean moans as he feels more slick start to steadily trail out around and between Cas's fingers, his body preparing for the thick girth of an Alpha cock.
Dean often felt like he was living one massive, on-going masquerade, people wearing masks, and putting on a performance, constantly pretending to be someone else, and it scared him how much he was a part of the show too. He supposed, having been raised with John as his role model, he was bound to pick up a few tricks on how to build and weave together his own clay structure, but his father was a master when it came to playing pretend.
“You’re the first person to ask you know,” Cas said, looking at Dean as if he both confused and amazed the writer all at once.
She smiles at him and pats his hand before moving off and Dean knows that she knows she managed to win this round in persuading him to do what they both knew he wanted to do.
The time differences made it hard to even speak with the Omega and that coupled with both of their busy schedules, which never seemed to line up well, made it all the worse since he only had texts to go on.
It was strange, that feeling of missing somebody when they were standing right in front of you. Sam had been (and still was) his best friend, no matter the fact that Dean was his employer. But something had changed, shifted in their relationship and the singer knew he was entirely to blame for all of it.
He never realized how starved he actually was until the last of his fries were gone, along with all the onion rings and the cheese burger, fingers poised above the basket to grab for food that was already gone.
They were each sitting on opposite sides of the black leather back seat of the limo they were driving in as they headed back to the hotel they were staying in for the week. The singer felt drained and bone tired, rubbing at his temple, already feeling the mounting stress and anxiety pounding against his skull, feelings he thought must be his natural, resting state at this point since they never were far behind in rearing their assault on his body.
The best and most refreshing thing about Jo was that she was one of the most honest and trustworthy people he’d ever met and people like that were especially hard to come by in this line of business. Dean would forever be grateful to her for accepting the position to be his manager, considering the mess he had been when they met. But Jo was easy and took it all in stride, and Dean really wanted to work with her and keep her around so he put in the effort to do better and take his job more seriously, trying not to think about it as something he just had to suffer through to get a pay check at the end.
“That's just the thing, I tried negotiating a once-off, two hour interview tops, but they won't run a story if that's the condition,” John said, sounding miffed that he actually failed at negotiating on his terms this time around.
-normal his relationship with John was. He had made friends and found solace in being around other people, but John's hold had been rooted down deeper than any of theirs had, keeping Dean quiet, and his secrets tucked close to his chest in fear.
Trying to gauge Cas’s reaction though, the writer didn’t look all that bothered when he nodded at the idea, so maybe it was all in his head and he was over-thinking this too much.
Cas can't help but chuckle at this, “You're adorable, you know that?” Cas says, giving Dean a very smug smile at the reaction he managed to illicit from the Omega.
But instant relief had washed over him when all she done was laugh good naturedly, and tacking on, “So you’re the infamous Dean Cassie’s been moping after for weeks.”
Happy reading❤️❤️❤️
A part of him found the idea of basically telling Dean to keep a diary rather ridiculous, but the more he thought about it, the more he knew it was the kind of privacy and discretion Dean needed to become more vulnerable with exploring what he wanted to say, something that Castiel couldn't give him. Not now, not so soon.
He had a hard time getting the logic to both his brain and heart that he would see Dean again in a few more weeks, that the green-eyed man wasn’t gone, he was simply away for the time being.
They were in Cas’s home, Dean’s head resting on the Alpha’s knee, something they had done so often it was like second nature when they had migrated to the lounge from the quick dinner they ate in the kitchen.
Not gonna lie, that paint scene was somewhat inspired by this one foreign movie I watched a few years ago, and I thought it was just perfect for these two.
Castiel has no idea who she is, so all he can respond with is, “Yes.”
“Ask what,” Dean questioned, not really knowing what Cas was getting at this time around.
Dean could still remember the discomfort he felt at constantly being the new kid, all eyes on him, even back then, when teachers would introduce him to the class, the other kids watching him as if he were a shiny new toy. Not being able to really make any friends when he was forced to decline offers to hang out, not when he was constantly being booked for auditions or any other platforms his dad could find in getting him some exposure.
John could afford to lose that pawn if it meant he would win the game in the end. A man freely willing to sacrifice anything.
The Omega has a moment to send up a silent thanks to the woman who Gabriel said could help him for giving him directions when he mentioned he wanted to see Cas, saying it was a surprise of sorts.
A numbing sensation soon started to replace his anxiousness, nerves held in check by foreign chemicals invading and controlling his body. Dean could feel yhe familiar echo of that glass dome slamming down around him, trapping him inside his own mind as the sounds and stimuli of the things and people around him were filtered and pushed out.
Sam was the first to break the eye contact and finally broke the hand shake along with it, looking over at Dean as he responded, “Nope, just checking to see if you guys wanted to join in the next game, plenty of space for more teammates.”
The Omega lets out a long-suffering sigh when he looks over to see the time displayed on the clock sitting on the table in the front entrance way, noting that it was already eleven thirty, well past the time he was due to get back. His shoot had gone on for much longer than it was supposed to, at least this time due to a scheduling mishap in the estimated running time, one delay after the other causing Dean's fitting and photo session to be pushed further back.
Both of them are covered with patches of different shades of paint, their hands being the worst off as they're almost completely covered, with the paint reaching just above their wrists. There's some soft music playing in the background that Dean had put on before they got started, and they both just lie there, enjoying the silence of each other's company, the Alpha taking the Omega's hand in his as he twines their fingers and places them on his chest, over his heartbeat.
But it’s when he draws back, looking into the clear golden green irises of his Omega as his eye lashes flutter lazily, seductively, his bowed lips forming a shy smile, which sends his heart pitter-pattering at the love he feels for this man, saying the words he should’ve said when the younger man first woke up.
had been the one to pursue
had all of him, and instead of going taut and tense, his body seems to gently relax, bones liquid fire as he gives up all control to his Alpha, trusting he would give his Omega what he so desperately needed.
“Uhm, no thanks, I think me and Cas are just gonna hang around for a while. Maybe later though.” Realizing it gave the wrong impression that he was practically speaking for Cas, Dean quickly followed that by turning to Cas and asking, “Unless ya wanna go do some bowling, we can totally do that too, or you can and I’ll just hang back, whatever works for you is fine by me. It’s your birthday after all.”
It wasn't very much phrased as a question, since Dean doesn't give the Alpha a chance to actually say no as he slides his hand down from Cas's shoulder to grab his hand, leading him to the middle of the dance floor.
“Again?”
and no matter how he tries to hate he can’t deny what made him
“Cas!” Dean ’s voice roars over the line, “Cas, is anyone there…if something has got you -!”
“Show her how to hang it up…” Dean says, pushing Daniel towards the big tree when it’s their turn, and Daniel takes Faith’s hand and leads her to it, showing her how to loop the string around a branch. She does it clumsily, and he helps her, and then Cas, and Dean, mimicking their children, hang them in a nice little group together.
Dean grunted and Cas put his hands over his mouth, wishing the chair he sat in would swallow him whole.
Danny mimicked him, singing along.
“There you go!” She’d told him, and after wards, after they’d done another dance, one he was more proficient at, she’d kissed his cheek and called him sugar, like good Texas girls did.
Leticia waves at the bruja and walks past the cactus, back to the road, still hearing the sweep of her twiggy broom.
Dean smiled and stood up to get a wash cloth from under the sink, running the tap till it was lukewarm. He went back to Daniel and mopped at his face, lifting his chin up in his hand as Danny’s head lolled in palm.
“Can you shut the door?”
Dean rubs the back of his head and Danny coughs and whines.
“Who’s my best girl? Who’s my best girl, huh?” Dean says loudly as she starts fisting her little hands in his hair. He grabs her hand and play bites at it and she makes that little keen of joy he loves so much.
The star heard his confession and offered himself; the man’s mouth caught the star as a jar catches water.
