“Well, get comfortable. I’ll grab you some more blankets and a better pillow." Dean left to grab some blankets out of his closet and a pillow off his bed. Back in the living room, Dean handed them to Cas, “Bathroom is down the hall, the kitchen is right through there, my bedroom is at the end of the hall if you need anything. I’m going to turn in for the night, remember to take your antibiotics.”
About half-way through the movie, Dean and Cas saw Sam and Anna share a light kiss. At the same time, they both lifted one foot and kicked the back of their chairs. Their younger sibling’s faces both turned red as they started to pay attention to the movie again.
Everything was calm and quiet until a rattlesnake slithered cross the dusty ground in front of them. Dean screeched and jumped backward but Cas instantly let go of his hand and decided to grab the rust-colored snake with his bare hands, “Awe… Dean, it’s so pretty!” Adding to Dean’s shock and horror, Cas kissed the top of the snakes head.
Dean didn’t want to smile, he really, really didn’t want to but having Cas show him affection, real affection; not just fucking him—it was just what he needed. It was everything he wanted from Cas. He couldn’t help the weak smile that spread across his tear-soaked face.
Cas grit his teeth, “Don’t.” Cas had only mentioned very briefly that he broke up with someone before moving and it didn't end well. Dean must have picked up on how much it actually hurt Cas.
Dean’s guilty face came back for the second time that day even as he tried to brush off her question, “Don’t worry about it. So, what did you find?”
When Cas did answer, he sounded just as worried as Dean felt earlier, “Dean? Please tell me your mother is doing alright.”
Dean jumped at the contact. Nobody had done this for him before but he never imagined that it could have ever felt this good. His cock was heavy and leaking against the mattress, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Cas, please… oh my god.”
He was quickly put on the ground and straddled; the way the older man pounded on his face was similar to how Cas had beat Alastair weeks before. His jaw, cheek, nose, and eyes were turning back, blue, yellow and bloody.
Sam could see the worry and desperation on his older brother’s face and he was immediately ready to help him, “No! No, Dean. Don’t even talk like that. You’re a great man and you’ll be a great father but I need to know… why do you ask?”
It wasn’t until two-thirty in the morning when the doctor finally came into the waiting room to talk to Dean. Since Dean was the only one in there, it wasn’t hard to tell who he was waiting for, “Hello, are you Castiel Novak’s family?”
Letting out a warm, deep chuckle, Cas pulled away from Dean, “If I wasn’t so goddamn hungry I’d take you up on that offer.”
Cas mustered up all the courage he had and spat back at the monster standing over him, “Go fuck yourself.”
Dean wasted no time taking his papers back and reaching into the back seat to grab Cas and his clothes. By the time they had clothes on, the cop was gone, and Dean had stopped laughing but Cas was still doubled over in laughter. Dean couldn’t help but laugh again, “What’s so funny?”
They fell asleep with a smile on their faces but Dean and Cas weren’t the only ones; Annie fell asleep cuddling her stuffed bunny and the house phone. The smile her father put on her face peacefully turning into pleasant dreams.
Cas felt nothing but sharp, debilitating pain as Cain forced himself into Cas. Cain pinned Cas down and roughly fucked him. Everything was a blur or pain; unable to see through his tears or a red film over his eyes. Blood. His blood. Bleeding. He’s alive. Stay alive.
Dean facepalmed at his huge mouth and grumbled into his hands, “…twice.” He didn't want to talk about it because of the embarrassment but he needed to get it out. He couldn't deal with the pain alone.
Valentine’s Day. Horrible, scary, intimidating, insecure, awkward, high-expectation bullshit. How was Cas supposed to know what to do? Flowers? Chocolate? Grand romantic gesture? At a complete loss and the dreaded day quickly approaching, Cas enlisted the help of Charlie.
Keeping good by his promise, Dean walked through their front door only five minutes later. Cas was still sitting unmoving on the living room floor with Annie carefully watching from the kitchen.
In the house, Dean let Cas take a shower first. While Cas was showering off the airplane funk, Dean, Sam, and Jess were talking to Mary and John in the kitchen and drinking some wine. Dean squirmed and looked at his parents with hopeful eyes, “So… what do you think?”
Cas couldn’t help but smile at Dean’s freckled covered skin from his cheeks all the way to his knuckles; his green eyes shined as he mouthed along to every word. The happiness Cas felt riding in the Impala with Dean was so much stronger than his fear of having to retell the events of the worst night of his life.
“Cas—” Dean knew that when people got on the stand taking got harder, so if he couldn’t talk about it now there is no way he’d be able to there.
Cas put down the cup and handed Annie a washcloth and a bar of soap, “Good because you know I’ll rough them up if they’re not.” He put up his hands in a fighting stance, fake fighting somebody.
Wanting to give Dean a better angle, Cas wrapped one of his legs around Dean as his thrusts became deeper and quicker but never rougher. When he heard Dean growl his name against his neck, Cas whimpered and started to meet Dean’s thrust; the pleasure he felt quickly pushing him closer to the edge.
As promised, an agonizing half-hour later Cas came back into the room and Dean politely asked everybody to give them a minute. To Dean’s dismay, Cas didn’t immediately come over to hold his hand as he usually did. Instead, he nervously paced from the bed to the window. He sounded absolutely devastated, “Why didn’t you tell them?”
The first thing he noticed was his hand still intertwined with Cas’s, the second thing he noticed was Cas’s crazy black hair sticking out of the blankets. Dean couldn’t help but smile to himself before willing himself to get out of bed and get ready for work.
When Anna was done, Cas was already half-asleep, drunk, and hurting. He could barely mumble out, “Can’t slow down… no breaks.”
Now that things were calmer, Cas sat in front of Dean on his bed and held his hands, “Dean, if we are going to keep doing this I need to know what that was about so I don’t upset you again.”
“Yeah, brother. But just relax, okay?” Benny’s large hand firmly kept Dean’s shoulders down as he heard the ambulance siren’s approaching. The E.M.Ts quickly worked to stop the bleeding and rushed Dean to the hospital.
Cas tensed and squeezed both Charlie and Dean’s hands; he looked straight ahead and fought back the bile that was crawling up his stomach. When he heard Cain’s twisted laugher, Cas buried his head against Dean’s shoulder.
One Thursday night, Dean and Cas were lying in bed when Cas kissed Dean good night. Their kiss started slow and familiar but quickly became heated and wanting. Roaming hands became desperate and Dean ended up on top of Cas. Soon, they were both in their boxers and Dean started to rub Cas through his, before tugging down his boxers and circling a careful finger around his hole.
Cas smirked and downed the last half of his beer before getting up to double check the bike. He tried to sound uninterested and laidback but his heart was thumping so loud in his chest, he was worried he wouldn't be able to hear Dean's answer, “So you’re gay? Or bi, I guess?”
Knowing that nobody was to blame for this, Gabe shook his head, “No, Dean. This is not your fault. But you are holding him together right now because worst case—most likely his cancer came back. So you listen to me, either leave now and do not come back or if you’re going to stick around, you have to stay.”
“Yeah, I’m alright.” Cas ran his fingers through his hair, trying to smooth it down. It didn’t work at all.
As Dean yelled at the nurse, an older male doctor put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I’m Castiel’s doctor. Please come with me.”
Gabe heavily sighed and ran a hand through his hair, “Well, sorry if I get worried about my little brother who had fucking brain cancer!”
Cas smiled and kissed the side of Dean’s head, “Hey, baby.” Cas held Dean close, softly rubbing his back, happy to finally have some alone time with his boyfriend.
The moan that ripped through Dean was loud enough that Cas had to pull off and kiss Dean quiet, “Baby, you have to be quiet. Annie is sleeping.”
They all walked back to the Impala and Dean can’t help but feel slightly scared of but mostly attracted to the boy sitting next to him. The drive back to Cas’s was silent but when they got there, Dean and Cas decided to sit on the front steps to give Sam and Anna some (still supervised) alone time.
Cas does exactly what he’s told, his faith in the team still strong. Cas blanked out a lot of the walk to the abandoned factory that sat stagnant, two blocks down the road.
The second Alastair kisses Anna’s cheek Crowley has had enough. The British exchange student walked away and went to find Cas.
Under Cas’s lustful gaze, Dean squirmed and ran a hand down Cas’s tattoo-covered arm, “You’re perfect.”
Two weeks later, Dean and Cas had their marriage license and certificate framed over their bed, their puppy curled up between them as they sat on the couch and cleaned their guns together, talking about their cases.
Feeling Cas’s stress melt away from under his hands, Dean kept massaging him. Indulging himself in being able to touch every inch of Cas’s back, shoulders, and arms. He couldn’t help the words from coming out, “Your tattoos are gorgeous.”
Thankfully, Mary seemed unfazed by ‘his’ but supportively answered him, “Oh, that’s great, honey but I’m going to need to meet this young man…. tonight.”
His vision was faded and dark but slowly the walls and details of a room could be seen coming into view, “Dean?”
Dean usually wasn’t one for slow prep, most guys didn’t quite understand how to do it right but Cas found a way to make every second as pleasurable as possible.
After they were both thoroughly spent, Cas pulled out of Dean and walked to the bathroom to get a washcloth. Back on the bed, he gently cleaned off Dean then himself. Dean’s green eyes were already closing by the time Cas laid down next to him. Wrapping the blankets around both of them, Cas took Dean’s hand in his and slid off the black, metal ring he usually wore before putting it on Dean, “You really do mean the world to me. I love you so much, Dean.”
“Yeah, I like working with my hands.” The innuendo slipped out before Dean realized the double meaning.
Dean was determined to make Cas feel better, “Take your shirt off and lay down on your stomach, I’m going to help you.”
Shaking his head, Cas scooched over to make room for Dean. He flicked on the lighter and held it to the end of the joint, breathing in as he lit up. He took a long drag and held it, breathing in the smoke before exhaling and handing the thick joint to Dean.
Dean’s hands found the deepest wound and kept pressure on it as Bobby called an ambulance. What seemed like forever later, Dean lifted Cas up onto the stretcher. Cas’s clothes were covered in blood, his skin covered in cuts and bruises, his hand has limp in Dean’s.
Dean ended up staying with his mother and eating dinner until eight-thirty. Before he left, Dean asked again,  “You call me if you need anything, okay? I mean it, mom. I can take time off of work and stay here.”
Dean held his hand out for the flask again but Cas shook his head, “No, man. You’re driving. Come over some other time and get drunk.”
It was a Godsend when they heard Luke yell that the ambulance was there. Without thinking twice, Dean scooped Cas up in his arms and carried him outside and placing him on the stretcher. The EMTs overwhelmed him with questions but he could only shakily answer, “He was sleeping and his service dog woke me up and he was seizing.”
After another day of vomit and a hot shower later, they were both feeling much better and decided that a nice, long summer drive in the Impala was exactly what they needed after being cooped up in the bathroom for a week.
Eventually, with much fighting and griping from Mary, Dean managed to drag her back to the Harvelle-Singer’s house. During dinner of country fried steak and mashed potatoes, Sam went on and on about Anna but he left out a detail that Dean gladly supplied, “Anna is Cas’s sister.”
After chatting for a few more minutes, it was Cas who decided to change the tone, “So, that drink… is it still on the table?”
Dean shot Cas a nasty look but trying to make Dean feel at least a little better, Cas started to kiss Dean’s neck.
“My life, my choice…” Taking Cas’s earlobe into his mouth, Dean sucked hard on it, “…touch me, Cas.”
Cas’s pained voice snapped him out of his thoughts, “I’ll be ready in one second.” He heaved himself up and started to walk away from Dean, towards his room.
After taking Abby for a walk, calling Cas’s doctor, having his prescription filled, and stopping at a bakery to pick up bagels, Dean and Cas headed back to the house. The rest of their week in Florida was filled with relaxing days and bonding with the family.
Not sure if he was pushing it or not, Dean gently kissed Cas’s lips, not caring at all about his morning breath.
He hugged her back before adjusting the cardigan on her shoulders, “Hey, Anna. I was just checking on Cas, he’s sleeping now.”
Dean stood in complete shock at how quickly their conversation turned; how Cas’s beautiful blue eyes turned from clear to murderous in seconds. Standing in the same spot watching Cas drive away, the same sting in his chest came back from yesterday. Why did he care? After all, it’s not like he and Cas were dating or even friends for that matter… he had made that painfully obvious.
When they let go of each other, Mary hugged Sam then Jess while John, a tall man with dark brown hair that was starting to turn gray followed. When they were done, Dean gestured to Cas and smiled, “Mom, dad, this is Cas and his dog, Abby.”
Cas squeezed Dean back, “I know you will.” They ended up holding each other for a long time, silently saying things they didn’t have the words to say out loud.
Dean wasted no time speeding the two of them to his close-by home. You could have cut the sexual tension in the Impala with a knife. The trip from the bar to Dean’s front door to his bedroom was a bit of a blur. On the way, they stripped off their jackets and kicked off their shoes, leaving them haphazardly on the floor. When Dean was laying down on his bed, without his dress shirt and tie with his elbows propping him up.
Over the next few weeks, Dean and Cas get lunch and dinner often. They also take Abby for walks and take long drives together in the Impala because Cas loves the feeling of the bass from the radio and the rumble of the engine.
Cas’s head snapped up in shock as he thought about all the things he had done with his past boyfriends and what he and Dean do as his stomach dropped and his face paled. Speaking with a deadly seriousness, “No. You are never allowed to have a boyfriend.”
Knowing how delicious the local diner’s food was, Dean eagerly agreed, “Heck yeah. I love it there.”
Cas waited with Dean as he finished cleaning up his classroom. After the room was locked up, Cas followed Dean's Impala to a close-by bar, the Roadhouse. It was a small joint with no real fancy flare but it was familiar and comfortable.
Cas slid his hand under the table and reached next to him to squeeze Dean’s knee; more to say thank you than anything sexual.
Chuck stumbled into the living room from the kitchen and got in Cas’s face, “Where the fuck have you been?!”
As kind as the older man’s eyes were, he still looked at Dean like he was a snack, “Hey. How have you been?”
Cas reached for his cane and a tighter grip on Abby’s leash, “Don’t let me keep you, enjoy your dinner.”
Dean’s face lit up because he has been looking for a way to help Cas and this… this he could totally do, “Take your shirt off.”
Crushingly, the vet put Abby down while her two favorite people soothingly pet her and told her how loved she was. At that moment, Cas knew he would never have another service dog, after all, this was his dog.
Knowing he’d been beat but still couldn’t just take somebody’s money, Cas supplied, “I’d rather pick up some extra hours and earn the money.”
Cas turned back around to try and refocus on the job at hand. But, with Dean’s beautiful, strong, lean body standing a few feet away from him, he found it increasingly difficult to focus on the bike instead of Dean.
As soon as Cas was out of the car, Dean smacked his forehead off the steering wheel and internally criticized himself, “Sure, Dean… yell at the abused intern who is exponentially smarter than you are all because you have weird feelings and are a stupid dumb idiotic moron.”
“He’s out of the woods for now. He did lose quite a lot of blood but we’ve stabilized him. The knife did cause some damage to his liver causing us to have to resect part of it. As of right now, we are focused on avoiding infection.” The doctor tried to offer Dean some comfort but it was obvious nothing was getting through to him, “Sir, why don’t you go home and get some rest? Come back in the morning?”
At this point, Dean had calmed down a bit but was still shaken up. He clung onto Cas’s hand, “I was in bed and I heard a crash so I got up and my mom was on the floor and she wasn’t breathing right and she was unconscious and throwing up and I called an ambulance but she had a seizure and I just don’t know what to do.” By the time he was done, Dean was sobbing again; clearly still shaken up.
Dean has been on the job for ten years and still, seeing dead bodies—especially pregnant woman got to him, “Really? He’s killing pregnant woman now? This guy is really getting on my nerves.”
Dean and Cas were lounging around Dean’s house not doing much of anything when Cas casually said, “What’s something you’ve always wanted to do?”
He took Dean’s freckled covered cheeks into his hands and gently brushed away Dean’s tears with his thumb, “Come on, baby. Where’s that perfect smile?”
“I don’t suppose I do.” Cas considers his options, tilting his head to the side in thought, “Perhaps you and I could do something together?”
And that’s how it starts. Well, not starts. The real start was in an abandoned barn in Pontiac, Illinois twelve years ago, when a faithless man came face to face (or rather, knife to chest) with an Angel of the Lord. But this was a new start, as cliche as it sounds. This was the start of Dean Winchester allowing himself to be free in his emotions, and how he expressed them. Which, in this case, was allowing himself to be held by Cas, fingers running through his hair and calming words chasing the nightmares away.
Cas is surprised he even remembers. It’s not like they were friends at that point. Allies maybe, but not friends. “Yes, that one. It was serene, you looked more relaxed than I had ever seen you. I suppose you could say it piqued my interest.
The corners of Dean’s mouth turn up slightly as he speaks. “Guess that makes sense, it’s a pretty big change huh?”
“You mean the one from way back when? The one you decided to hijack to tell me something important, but never got the chance to?”
Dean pulls back, cheeks flushed and eyes blown wide, and Cas just stares. Beautiful is how he would choose to describe the hunter in this moment. Deep breaths fill the air, and Cas feels a surge of satisfaction and pride over being the one to reduce Dean to the state he’s in.
Dean looks torn between staying angry or succumbing to happiness. He settles on confusion. “Ok, first of all, why the hell would you want to become human faster? It’s not like you had the best experience last time — no thanks to me —  so why not stay an angel for as long as you can?”
“I thought you and Cas had been together for years,” interrupts Jack, wearing a grin that Cas knows Dean would only describe as shit-eating.
Dean looks at him with pleading eyes, but Cas wants to hear him say it. He needs to know he’s wanted.
Cas can’t help but laugh, completely filled with joy at the sight of Dean looking extremely disheveled, knowing it was him that caused it. “I thought maybe we should talk, before this,” he gestures to what little space is between them, “gets any further. I need you to know, Dean, that this can’t be a one-time thing for me. My...my feelings for you would not allow it.”
“Nope, I’m not gonna let you talk me out of this,” says Dean, hand moving from Cas’s chest and dropping down to rest on top of his thigh instead. “We can pick this up later,” he promises, “and we can do anything you want, let you figure out what human you likes.”
Dean barks a laugh and places his hand on Cas’s shoulder to steady himself, before doubling over, his laughter dissolving into coughs as he tries to take in air. “God I love you,” he says, and whilst Cas can imagine far more romantic ways for this to have gone, somehow hearing Dean say it mid-cough seems perfect.
The days pass, and Cas finds he likes retirement. He’s picking up more hobbies (his favourite being gardening) and he enjoys the way he can see Dean relaxing more as time goes on. Cas also discovers, in all the free time he has, that he likes being the one to break down Dean’s walls.  It’s subtle in a way he hadn’t expected it to be, though he’s not sure why. In his mind, the walls had always come tumbling down all at once, crashing to the ground and leaving Dean exposed and vulnerable. It would happen without warning, taking them both off guard and setting into action what could be the most significant declaration in Cas’s life. But that’s not how it happens. Rather than the sudden change he’d been anticipating, Cas finds Dean opening up slowly but surely, akin to removing bricks one by one as opposed to knocking the whole wall down at once.
“It was in your dream once,” he starts, purposefully looking out of the window, “the one where you were fishing. I assumed it held some sort of emotional value to you, that you visited as a child perhaps.”
Dean pauses, letting the question digest and turning the cogs in his brain to create a response. “Nah, the kid’s smart, not to mention, you know, God. He’ll figure it out.” He lifts his legs to rest them on the arm of the couch and rotates his body until he’s positioned across Cas. Instinctively, Cas’s hand moves to grasp Dean’s, the two of them having taken no time at all to progress in their affection.
“Shut up!” Cas screams at the lake and at his mind. For once, just once, he wishes his brain would quiet. He’s sick of the constant pessimism and self-deprecation, he just wants it to stop. Fuck, he thinks, stubbonly refusing to turn and see Dean’s reaction. Behind him, the hunter has tensed, fighting the urge to run to Cas and ask what’s wrong. He wants to, he thinks he should be down there comforting him, but Cas asked him to stay. So he respects his wishes.
Despite his caution, Dean seems to sense his presence. In one swift movement, he bolts upright, eyes blown wide and searching around the room frantically.
He knows he shouldn’t try to use his grace to stop the nightmare. There’s barely any of it left, not nearly enough to put Dean’s mind to rest. But he could try, couldn’t he? Surely some help is better than none, even if he can’t stop the nightmare altogether.
He’d been planning on introducing the idea slowing, giving Dean time to process and adjust to the news. But now, standing opposite Dean, he realises that isn’t what he needs. What Dean needs is to be offered reassurance before his mind manages to fabricate a million situations in which he ends up alone, abandoned by Cas. Which of course, Cas won’t allow to happen. So he just rips off the bandaid.
“Told you the kid would figure it out,” says Dean, followed by a yawn as he stretches his arms out and walks to Cas’s side.
Then he decides he’s waited long enough, and takes advantage of Dean’s breathiness to catch him off guard and manhandle him towards the nearest wall. Judging by the dilation of Dean’s pupils, Cas would feel confident in saying he wasn’t opposed to the change of position.
Hesitantly, Cas shuffles closer to Dean, close enough that their hips are touching and their hands are mere inches apart. Dean’s breath catches in his throat, the noise coming out strangled and displacing the silence around them, and Cas is sure Dean is about to shrink away from the contact. Which is why it throws him off completely when Dean shrinks the distance between them further and rolls onto his side, leaving his back pressed up against Cas’s chest. There’s an awkward minute where they both adjust to the new position, with Cas trying to figure out where to put his arms before settling one on Dean’s waist and extending the other upwards to rest on the pillow. Nevertheless, once they’re both comfortable Dean’s breath fills the room once more, this time a contented sigh, and Cas smiles to himself, letting himself relax.
“Caaaaaas!” He jumps up in shock and fixes him with a glare that could only be interpreted as betrayed.
“Yes. I think it may have been on the mixtape you made for me.” Cas plays it cool, a habit he learned from Dean.
He mirrors Dean’s movements from their past movie nights, snaking an arm around his waist and increasing their contact. It’s his way of letting Dean know that he understands, that he’s there for him. Dean has always been more tactile than he lets on.
“Anyway, uh, you want something to eat first? And don’t give me that ‘I’m an angel’ crap, ‘cause I’ve seen the way you eat PB&Js, and there’s no way someone without taste buds could enjoy something that much.”
And with that confusing statement, Sam walks away, leaving Cas with unanswered questions and slight panic rising as to why Sam would think to compare his friendship with Dean with his relationship with Eileen. Unless–no, Cas is not going to let his mind wander. Instead, he will focus on trying to honour Sam’s wishes and care for Dean in his absence. He’ll treat it like a mission of sorts. At least then he will be needed.
That was two weeks ago, and since then, Dean has prided himself on a new brand of ‘Dad jokes’. Of course, he’s the only one who finds them funny, but Cas laughs along, telling himself it’s because he does see the humour, and not because really, he would do anything to see Dean smile.
As Dean’s lips touch his again, Cas is hit with an overwhelming feeling of, well, Dean. Dean’s lips on his, Dean’s hands on his hips, Dean’s breath on his face as they pull away to breathe. His lips taste of whiskey and Cas treasures it, chasing it with his mouth determined to remember every part of it.
“Dean,” Cas frowns, “I’m not sure the exclusion of a song in a list that is a matter of opinion would qualify as a crime.”
Which is another thing Cas has noticed. The way Dean alternates between affectionate nicknames like “Sunshine” and the “Sweetheart” that slipped out a couple of nights ago, and much more casual ones; namely “Buddy”.
“No, we aren’t having this conversation. I’ll be back in a second, sir.” Cas walked to his room, kicking himself for not putting a shirt on when he woke up. He didn’t want Dean to feel bad for him. As much as Dean could be an asshole, he was gorgeous and it killed Cas; he wanted to make Dean happy. He wanted his superior to like him and not just as a boss but as a friend.
Dean flicked Cas’s nose, “I hate you all.” But of course, he didn’t. Sam and Anna were happily laughing, Mary was home, sober and healthy and above all, Dean had Cas’s arms warmly wrapped around him.
Cas decided to have both Dean and Charlie stay at his house for the night to keep an eye on them. Once they got back at Lawrence, Annie came bouncing up to the front door to unlock it after seeing Cas’s car pull up in the driveway. She seemed elated to see Charlie again, “Hi, Charlie!”
Dean seemed a little embarrassed at the state of his house, “Sorry… it’s a little messy. I don’t have people over much. Just Sammy and he’s been living in my mess his whole life, my parents live pretty far from here and Charlie but she’s even worse than I am—”
Cas had no idea why Dean looked so insecure as he pulled off his long sleeve shirt and pants before dropping them on the floor because he looked absolutely gorgeous. Although he left his boxers on. Cas shook his head and hungrily looked at Dean’s half-naked body, “Boxers too, baby.”
Bobby came into the room a few minutes after the doctor told him the news. He pulled Dean close against his body, rocking the sobbing boy, trying desperately to calm him.
Dean bit his lip as Cas carefully unbuttoned his jeans and tugged them off of Dean’s lean legs. He slowly licked Dean’s hard cock that was still covered with the thin layer of his boxers.
When he called the next day, Cas was praying that Dean would even answer. Thankfully he did but Dean didn’t sound too happy about Cas calling. He answered the phone and definitely didn’t sound happy, “What?”
Dean rolled his eyes, “And stop apologizing so much, it’s annoying.” That was mostly true. It was getting on Dean's nerves but he also didn’t want Cas to think he had to apologize for every little thing he did.
Cas let him in with a shy smile, “Hey, come on in. You can sit in my room if you want. I’ll be there in a minute.” Gently picking Annie up off the couch, he wrapped her in a blanket with her stuffed bunny held tight in her arms. When she started to fuss and whine, Cas softly whispered to her, cradling her in his strong arms, “Shhh, time for bed, honey.”
Smiling through the pain, Dean squeezed Cas’s hand, “I love you more. Can you call my mom for me? Just… don’t let her come here, it’s not good for her to be rushing around.”
Dean quickly hopped into the Impala and sped off to Cas’s house, his worry for Cas’s wellbeing boiling in his stomach. Thankfully, they only live a few short minutes from each other.
Cas cringed and turned around, the black, blue, and yellow bruise obvious on his cheek. Dean’s eyes quickly found it, “What the fuck is that? What happened? Are you alright?”
Bobby grabbed the Impala’s keys from Dean’s shaking hands and quickly found his own, “I’ll drive you, let’s go.”
Cas used his thumb to gently brush away Anna’s tears, “You’re going to show me who Alastair is and then you’re going to stay with Sam, do you understand me?”
“Yes, he’s my brother. He’ll be picking her up most days.” Thankfully Gabe worked from home and because he lived with Cas and Ann, he was the world’s best and most convenient babysitter.
At home that night, Sam was greeted with his older brother, Dean, handing him a cold beer and their close family friend and Dean’s boss at the local auto shop, Bobby Singer, handing him a bowl of chili.
Cas instinctively wrapped his arms around his sister; instantly worried and ready to fix any problem she might have.
“This. I got paired up with fuckin’ Rick. He was such an idiot! Literally, couldn’t put a CPAP machine on a guy and get this, he yelled at a crying child.” Alfie rolled his eyes in exasperation, remembering how difficult it was to have an inept partner. Shaking his head, Alfie changed the subject, “What have you been doing for five years?”
Hearing Dean’s now familiar voice instantly relaxed Cas, “No, it’s okay. I just forgot for a minute.”
When he did walk into the kitchen, the delicious smell of burgers made his mouth water. Dean gestured to the chair on the other side of the table, “Hope you like burgers.”
Finally, after two days of suffering, Dean started to feel better and was sleeping on the bathroom floor when he woke up to a disgusting noise at five in the morning, “Cas?”
Cas didn’t know if she was upset or not about him riding a bike so he just decided on the truth, “Yes but any time Dean is with me I make sure he wears a helmet and I drive extra carefully.”
After they both got dressed in semi-decent clothes, Dean drove them to the courthouse. The ride was peaceful with Dean drumming his hands on the steering wheel to one of his favorite Led Zeppelin songs and the summer breeze blowing in through the open windows.
After filling out all the necessary paperwork, Dean, Cas, Charlie, Kevin, and Bobby all piled into an unmarked black van and parked in front of the subway station. His superiors quickly briefed Cas and fitted him with a wire and an earpiece.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean pulled into the bar’s parking lot. Before Cas could get out of the car, Dean quietly spoke up, “Are you okay?”
She smacked his hand, which was gripping onto her a little too tightly before whispering back, “So, you do think he’s hot!”
Still, Dean stayed, “I’m not leaving you alone, Cas. Not like this.” He wanted to help and comfort Cas but he only seemed to make things worse.
When Dean felt steady behind him, Cas revved his bike and drove off. He felt Dean tighten his arms around his stomach and take an uneven breath so Cas kept his speed low as they cruised down empty back roads. Dean allowed himself to enjoy the feeling of freedom and liberation as the trees quickly zoomed past them. Eventually, when Dean started to relax Cas sped up and pulled onto the highway.
When they got to the outdoor ice rink, Cas realized why Dean wanted to go so badly; the rink was a large circle, surrounded by a white wall with multiple strands of white, twinkling lights on it. Everybody there looked like they were out of a movie scene; gracefully gliding around the ring.
Dean really was bored. So bored he took a huge risk and drove to the station with his left foot… the wrong foot. Eventually, he made it to the station in one piece but was unsure how long he was going to stay like that what he saw the death glare Cas gave him, “Dean! Why are you here?!”
Gabe went back to Lawrence for a week with Anna and Cas, he insisted that he came home to help make sure everything was taken care of regarding the arrangements for their mother. What he really meant was, he wanted to stay to make sure Cas wasn’t going to lose it when Gabe went back to Germany.
Dean ran his hand through his short sandy, blonde hair and tried not to stare at Castiel’s piercing blue eyes, “Oh… well, just be careful. You know how some of the upperclassmen can be.” Surprisingly, it was Castiel who answered, “Don’t worry, I’ll watch over him.”
A bit later after the brothers hung up, Dean texted Cas knowing he wasn’t driving the ambulance today:
After their short drive from the school, which only happened to be an easy ten minutes through Lawrence's quiet streets, Castiel and Anna pulled up to their older brother Gabe’s house. Even though he was currently overseas in Germany serving in the military, he had agreed to let them stay at his house. It was a small white ranch house but a million times better than the brother and sister living on the street as their parents were still living in Seattle, Washington. After all, they had moved here on their own to get away from their parents.
“Dean, I can’t. If I talk about it, it’s real.” Cas was back to staring at his hands and already shaking.
When Cas came back out of his room with a t-shirt on, he saw Dean looking at a picture of Cas’s mother, Naomi. She was a pretty woman with kind eyes and a gentle soul, “Is this your mom?”
Bobby turned to Cas and patted his shoulder, “Why don’t you take a break and have some dinner with us?” He always was an open person; inviting strangers in need or his employees over for a drink or a meal.
Dean softly smiled at him, “You look great in a suit but I have to say, I’m partial to your bedhead over it being brushed and neat.” Cas couldn’t help himself from running his fingers through his hair once just to see the bright smile that spread over Dean’s face.
Cas turned his head to the left to see Sam’s friendly, smiling face. Castiel turned off his bike and helped Anna with her helmet; and just like the day before he smoothed out her navy blue dress, “Have a good day today, love.” She gave him a quick hug before walking up to Sam.
Cas buried his face I Dean’s neck and sobbed, just wanting everything to stop. How much more could these tumors take from him?
“Good, focus on that. I know it was scary but she’s okay.” The pain in Dean’s eyes that Cas wanted to bad to never have to see was so obvious. He looked terrified and broken; Cas couldn’t have that.
Dean doesn’t know how he managed to stutter out his answer, “Of course, I’ll be there as soon as I can.” He quickly hung up and ran past the table. Sloppily pulling on his shoes he heard a voice but couldn’t register who it was, “Dean? Are you okay?”
Dean tried to smile but it mostly came out as a cringe, “Hi, I’m Cas’s friend. I was just wondering how he was doing.”
When the fit, but still, small boy with messy black hair, big blue eyes, black jeans and a grey sweater over his white button up walked into his office, Dean actually did groan, “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” Dean's brain supplied his real problem with the intern, '
Cas smirked at him and wrapped his hands around Dean’s waist, manhandling him onto his hands and knees.
Cas let himself melt into Dean’s touch and finally crawl into the bed with him, holding his love close.
By the middle of May, Cas had his own desk that was facing Kevin’s. The two twenty-year-olds would throw things at each other and goof off until Dean, who could see Cas from his office, would text Cas and tell him to be a good boy and get his work done.
The brothers waited on the hood of the Impala for Cas and Anna to walk out, when they finally did walk towards Cas’s Harley, Sam bounced up to them, “Hey, guys! We were just wondering if you wanted to go to the Roadhouse with us to grab some lunch?”
Cas was far too tired to argue, “Fine but as soon as shit hits the fan… like it always does, we’re leaving.”
Gabe cringed but tried to sound positive, “Well, if you guys are staying, I’ll throw on a few more burgers.”
To celebrate, Cas bought them a six pack of Dean’s favorite beer when they stopped at the grocery store. When he got back to the Impala, he was pouting.
Shushing Cas, Dean sat on the bed and wrapped an arm around Cas’s shoulder, “Anything for you, baby.”
Cas roughly kissed Dean again before tugging the helmet on over Dean’s sandy blonde hair. Feeling the alcohol course through his veins, Dean wasn’t as worried about riding on the bike.
Dean instinctively held onto Cas’s waist, trying to hold him up. Cas repaid him by shoving him away again and spitting out, “I said get the hell off of me.”
Cas managed to pull away from Dean. Turning his back to Dean, every thought in the world was running through his mind, “Dean, no. We can’t do this. Fuck… I’m so sorry. We just… can’t."
Cas quickly walked onto the nearest subway car and met the van at the next stop, as instructed. He knocked three times, signaling that it was him. Dean handed Cas a cool water bottle and offered him a supportive smile.
The short man, dressed in his usual designer suit stood and started his speech of slander, "What these ‘victims’ didn’t know, is that my client is the real victim here. The death of his wife, of their child, drove him to the understandable breaking point. And the one ‘victim’ you’ll hear from today… well, we don’t even know if it was, in fact, Mr. Manus that assaulted him. Hell, we don’t even know if he’s telling the truth!”
Cas responds with a shaky nod, and forces his legs to run the remainder of the distance between where he was standing and where he needs to be.
“Dean,” he cuts him off, smiling fondly at his nervous rambling. “I understand. I feel the same about you.”
Cas hears Dean inhale, then exhale, the breath released in short bursts as he digests the information. “Cas,” the choked out word draws his attention to Dean, “God I, I need you to hear me out here. I will never regret anything as much as kicking you out of the bunker when you needed us the most.” Each word is punctuated harshly, Dean’s way of making sure his point is heard loud and clear. “And before you say it, I know you forgive me, God even though I don’t deserve it, but I need you to know how much I wish I could take it back. I should’a been there, I should’a been the one to teach you how to brush your teeth and how to do your laundry. I should’a been there.”
Cas freezes, Dean’s cries stopping him dead. Dean was...Dean was dreaming about him? No, not dreaming, Dean was having a nightmare about him. But why? For what reason would Cas’s absence have such an effect on Dean?
It’s only when the sun has risen and Cas is certain he can risk waking Dean up that he untangles himself slowly and rises from the couch. Six times it’s happened now, each time making it harder and harder for him to act like nothing happened. Really, Cas should feel proud that he’s managed to handle the situation so calmly, so efficiently, but for some reason (for reasons he tries not to analyse), he can’t help but feel disappointed in his ability to keep the occurrences hidden from Dean. But rather can create unnecessary tension, Cas holds on to these moments of joy, ,to the rare times he sees Dean relaxed and at ease, just in case. Soon he might not be there to witness them, because really, what reason is there for him to stick around? Any day now he could be told to leave. He isn’t needed anymore, the case is closed, Chuck is defeated. And besides, even if there was a new threat, Cas’s power is rapidly declining, his grace gradually leaving. So what use is he anymore?
Cas thinks about it, then answers as honestly as he can. Words dance in his brain, but he can’t seem to pick the right ones to respond. “Strange. Not good strange or bad strange. Just...different.”
Cas says, “Dean, it’s fine, I’m fine,” and lifts his finger to show Dean the damage. “See, it’s just a cut, I promise.”
Something grazes his foot, gently moving it to the left. The movement continues, and Cas’s sock falls down an inch, leaving his ankle exposed to the object. For a moment, Cas panics, his mind suggesting possible monsters that for some reason or another, have a preference for feet. But then he notices the slight pink tinge appearing on Dean’s face, and the way he averts his eyes and shuffles in his seat. Oh, he realises, heat rising to his cheeks, it wasn’t any sort of monster. It was Dean.
His time in the garden allows Cas to feel close to the peace he’s been chasing for years. It’s all around him. It’s in the way the water rushes out of the watering can, hitting the plants in a steady flow. The way said plants shift under the force of it, leaves bobbing downwards and causing droplets to run off the edges and onto the soil. And it’s present in the sun beating down on him, the heat warming his shoulders and sending shivers down his spine, a strange reaction that Cas finds himself enjoying. He straightens up, back cracking as he returns to his usual posture. The pain is foreign to him, and honestly, he’s not even sure pain is the right word for it. Perhaps an ache would be more fitting. Yes, an ache, thinks Cas with his hands on his hips as he leans backwards and twists to the side. He jerks upwards again, a movement triggered by an aborted attempt to bend down further, and decides that he’s done enough gardening for the day.
He retreats to the door, murmuring another quiet apology. But Dean’s voice stops him before he can leave.
They continue for what feels like hours. Cas reasons that they’re simply making up for lost time. No matter what, he’s certain he could never tire of this. So it’s with reluctance that he pulls back and lets Dean find his footing before putting the space between them once more.
Nerves and excitement are fitting, he thinks, taking vial in his hands once again. It’s small, the whole thing easily wrapped in a single hand and hidden from watching eyes, and yet it feels heavy in his palm. There’s a slight heat radiating into his skin; it’s a reminder that it’s still alive, there’s still some left. If he really wanted to, he could take it back, become an angel again, if not for very long. He might have been tempted if it weren’t for...well, everything. His distance from Heaven, his connection with humanity, Dean. He knows what he wants, has done for years. As much as he ignored it, pretended not to notice, the urge only grew stronger. Perhaps Hester was right, though it pains him to admit it, perhaps he was lost the second he touched Dean’s soul in Hell.
In the end, Cas supposes, Billie was right, Jack did have the power needed to defeat God. She could have mentioned the part where their victory would result in Jack essentially replacing Chuck as God, but at least it worked. At least they can finally rest.
Dean doesn’t even try to hide the smile on his face, and sits down opposite Cas. “Sure, buddy, that sounds awesome. Any suggestions?”
As much as they frustrate him, Cas can see the logic in Dean’s words. At least if he rests now he’ll have plenty of time to try new things later. “Alright,” he agrees, “I’ll rest. But only if you stay with me.”
Cas shuffles in his seat. Really, he was naive to think he could avoid having this conversation without explaining his reasoning behind the decision. It’s not like he doesn’t want to tell Dean, of course he does. He just knows how he feels about things being too sentimental, too Hallmark. Looks like he’ll just have to risk it.
Dean lifts his head up, prompting Cas to do the same, and the two exchange a look, Dean’s eyes bearing into his own.
Three hours, six pancakes and two showers later, Cas is sitting in the Impala alongside Dean, ‘Over the Hills and Far Away’ blaring through the speakers. He hasn’t told Dean yet, but he considers this to be his favourite Led Zeppelin song. He enjoys the way it begins rather softly, acoustic guitars played in unison, before building up to a section led by an electric guitar. The lyrics interest him too; they create a sense of adventure and wonder that Cas feels he can relate to. But he hasn’t shared this with Dean yet; he’s quite content to continue his ‘music education’ for as long as he can.
“Cas? Hey, you doing ok there?” He appears to have zoned out momentarily, and he curses his inability to just be a normal human for once. “Cas, sweetheart? I think I lost you there again.”
They take their time with the coffees, all three of them purposefully stalling. Cas assumes Dean and Jack are giving him time to confirm his decision, to think it over and make sure he’s absolutely certain he wants to do this. Whilst he appreciates the gesture, he can’t help but feel disappointment build inside him at the thought that there’s still some doubt in their minds about his choice, even if it is well placed. Becoming human is something he’s been considering for years, and if he’s honest, the shift in his relationship with Dean was the final push.
He understands how he feels – unfortunately self-loathing is a trait they have both yet to extinguish – and he wants this to be a new start for them.
Sam turns to leave, “And hey, Cas? Dean isn’t great at telling people what he wants. So just, I don’t know, take a few risks maybe. It worked for me and Eileen.”
Feet shuffle across the floor. “I...uh...well,” Sam looks around the room, carefully avoiding Dean’s eyes. “Eileen called.”
Rose buds planted and sunflowers watered, Cas enters the kitchen satisfied just in time to find Dean moving around and grabbing ingredients for dinner, singing along loudly to Led Zeppelin. He knows the song, it’s another from the playlist, and he’s happy that this time he doesn’t need to hide the fact that he remembers.
In the kitchen, Jack is standing with a knife already buried in a jar of peanut butter. Cas can smell toast, and huffs a laugh once the realisation hits that Jack is making himself a PB&J. Somehow, the thought of God still enjoying such a thing tickles him. But he reasons that at least Jack is still himself, at least all that power hasn’t made him go crazy. Like it did with him, he thinks, but he isn’t going to let his mind wander there; now is not the time.
“We should do it in the bedroom,” says Dean, the suggestion taking Cas off guard, “that way if you’re feeling weak after we won’t have to carry you to bed. Makes sense right?”
Dean looks confused and hopeful and relieved all at once. “But why and how did a goddamn knife make you hurt so much?”
Cas smiles so hard he’s almost worried that his mouth will suffer permanent damage. But he can’t help it, after years of shoving his feelings aside and telling himself that no matter what, Dean would never feel the same, he’s been proven wrong. And it feels so much better than he could ever have imagined.
Cas rolls his eyes and playfully hits him as he takes initiative and drags the duvet onto the floor, leaving them naked and exposed to the cold air of the bunker.
There’s an empty mug on the bench, stained with rings of coffee left over from Cas’s late night craving. They’ve been happening more often, the cravings, catching him off guard each time. He isn’t used to wanting things. Nevertheless, he tries to get rid of them when he can. In the process, he’s found he has a favourite mug, a green one with a chip around the lip that he finds himself narrowly avoiding each time he goes to take a sip. The colour is what draws him to it the most, the deep shade reminding him of the forests in Indonesia. The memory is bittersweet, serving both as a reminder of the power he once held and simultaneously the limits he has now. He used to move mountains, he used to be worth something,
He’s vaguely aware of Dean’s laughter as he sits down opposite him, eating his breakfast in a far more reserved fashion than Cas, who is already demolishing his second pancake and making appreciative noises as he swallows the mouthfuls. The role reversal is interesting, he thinks, it’s strange seeing Dean be the more polite eater.
Dean’s eyes light up and he visibly fumbles for words. “That’s, that’s great Cas. God we’re idiots. Imagine how much sooner we could’ve had this if we both weren’t too fucking brain dead to make a move.”
“I will Dean, I promise. I’ll be there tomorrow morning to remove Castiel’s grace.” And with that, Jack hangs up.
“Dean, think about it. When was the last time I went to heaven, or saw any of my brothers and sisters?” He gives Dean a moment to think.
He watches Dean carefully, still getting used to gaging his reaction without being able to feel his soul. At the thought of Dean’s soul, his stomach lurches, his brain reminding him that now that he’s human, he’ll never be able to see it again. He shouldn’t be thinking about this, he should be grateful that he gets to see Dean at all. There’s a tight feeling in his chest when he thinks about how Dean would feel if he knew he was mourning his ability to see his soul; the last thing he wants to do is make him feel inadequate. The space around him seems to shrink, and Cas tries to focus on breathing, tries to focus on anything except the newfound human hatred for himself threatening to bubble over the surface.
“Of course I will,” answers Jack, then addresses Cas alone, “Castiel, you deserve to be happy. You’ve earned it.”
“Uh, Cas?” Right, he remembers, Sam’s concern drawing him away from his thoughts, Sam still wants to talk to him. He looks up with a sheephish smile, letting him know that now he’s paying attention.
“A break sounds nice,” says Cas, knowing it was enough, that all Dean needed to know was that they were on the same page.
Recently, Cas has noticed a change in Dean. Emotionally at least, anyway. He no longer complains when Sam suggests a ‘chick-flick’ for movie night, or when Jack comes to visit full of questions that don’t exactly offer the easiest answers. But most noticeably, Dean has stopped closing himself off from affection, or rather, has opened himself up to it, both giving and receiving. It ranges from a hesitant hand on Cas’s shoulder, a sign of praise, Cas reasons, to crushing hugs after a hunt that was perhaps a bit too close to going south. Even Cas has to admit; the hugs are his favourite. He lov-...no, he enjoys the careful way in which Dean folds his arms around him, pulling on his neck slightly as he buries his head in Cas’s shoulder and tries to steady his breathing. So yeah, Cas isn’t at all averse to the way Dean is changing.
But Bobby didn’t see what Dean did, “Good. Now, we have to catch him so you’ll take the ten o’clock train back. Stop and get something out of your backpack, okay?”
When they turned to walk back to their siblings, Cas's eyes traced down Dean's body, stopping at his ass. It was firm and round in his snug jeans. Cas's mouth watered at the thought of Dean bent over for him. Sufficiently frustrated, Cas climbed on the Sportster before helping Anna with her helmet then waiting for her to hop on the back of the bike. Before they could drive away, Dean tapped Cas’s shoulder, pointed at his own head and mouthed, ‘helmet’.
He turned around and smoothed down his maroon tie, “Oh, Miss Annie, it’s nice to see you!” He gestured towards the redhead who was sweetly smiling at Annie, “This is my best friend, Charlie.”
With another few seconds of massaging, Dean wiped his hands on his pants and Cas rolled over, “Duty calls.”
Dean was quick to pick her up and carry her over to their blanket which was luckily close by. He held her close to his body and tried desperately to help, “Oh, honey. You’re okay.”
Cas leaned into this radio, “3220, 10-4.” Once his hand was off the radio he turned to Alfie, “Bet you it’s a heart condition.”
Seeing Gabe look more serious than he ever had, Sam walked over to their table. His question of, “Is something wrong?” was ignored by Gabe who continued to question Cas, “When was the last time you went to the doctor?”
After thinking for a minute, Gabe agreed, “Fine. Only because the guys and I have to go to work and I know you’re going to do it anyway.”
After lunch, Sam bounced up to Dean, excited to tell him his news, “Guess what?! I asked Anna out and she said yes! Do you think you could drive us to the movies tonight?”
“Dean Winchester.” Dean turned back towards Annie and gestured towards the desks, “Annie, why don’t you go have a seat?” Once she wasn’t next to them, Dean started to ask Cas questions about her performance in school.
It was a perfect day for a walk; the sun was brightly shining and the wind was gently blowing. Abby was bouncing down the sidewalk, loyally walking next to Cas. It’s around five o’clock when Cas heard somebody call his name from behind him, followed by jogging footsteps.
She jumped at the opportunity, “Definitely!” They walked down the aisles feeling different fabrics and the kind teenage sales associate patiently described all the different shirts to Cas until they found one that Cas deemed acceptable.
It wasn’t until midnight when Cas’s phone rang. Half asleep, he reached over and answered it, “Hello?”
In Cas's mind that was too much like a loving touch, which he definitely does not do. He quickly dropped Dean’s freckled hand and crossed his arms. They didn’t look at each other or talk the rest of the movie.
Dean started to get frustrated. He was trying to help and Cas started this… didn’t he? Why was he pushing Dean away now? It wasn’t fair. “Please just—.”
Charlie and Jo both made the same ‘awwee’ sound while Dean just chuckled and shook his head in disbelief, “You know you’re like the exact opposite of your brother, right?”
The doctor’s office was one of Cas’s least favorite places. Everything about it was negative; the smell, the bland colors walls, the horrible memories, and more than anything… the fear. One little word could ruin everything. Tumor.
Not having a choice, Dean laid back down but when Cas still wasn’t back two hours later he started to really panic, “Charlie, pass me my phone? It’s in my pants over there.”
Quickly writing down the information, the EMT looked back up at Dean and Gabe, “We’re bringing him to Lawrence General, who’s riding?”
Bobby was quick to try and block Cas’s path towards the front door. Amusement and bewilderment evident in his gruff voice, “What are you going to do? Walk back to Perry?” He didn't believe that Cas could walk twenty minutes in the cold December weather and live long enough to get his bike back.
Halfway through class, Charlie poked Dean's flannel covered arm and whispered in a hushed, slightly annoyed tone, “Dean, instead of making goo-goo eyes at him for the rest of your life, why don’t you make the first move for once? Go introduce yourself!”
Still standing in the parking lot, Dean tried to process what just happened. It didn’t seem like Cas was close with his mother but he looked absolutely devastated when he heard the news. Dean walked into the Roadhouse, making sure his phone had the ringer on just in case Cas needed anything."
Dean looked like he was considering pushing further but he dropped it with a heavy sigh, “Alright, fine. Then help me with these files. Alphabetical order, please.” He sat back down at his desk and held out a stack of files and handed them to Cas.
They all said goodbye to Cas and tried to sound fearless for him but it was hard when goodbye really could be goodbye. Dean held onto Cas’s hand and softly kissed him, whispering, “I’ll see you when you get out, okay?”
“Nothing! The doctor said my MRI and CT were clear and so were my blood tests. I’m probably just getting sick.”
Not before long, Cas came deep into Dean, filling the condom and pushing Dean over the edge with him. They both came with each other’s names on their lips.
“Exactly. I’ve spent far more time on Earth, with you, than I have in heaven. I haven’t felt close to heaven since before Naomi, and even then I felt I had a stronger connection with Earth.” Cas steels himself, gathering the strength needed to back up his argument, “I feel more like a human than an angel, I have for a while now.”
“Sure, you’re right. This is your moment, I get why you need to do it alone.” He grabs his hand again, giving it another reassuring squeeze, “I’ll be with Baby if you need me. Take as long as you need.”
Just as he said, it takes them three and a half hours to make it to the lake. They spend their time laughing and telling stupid jokes, and taking turns to pick the music while the other guesses the song (Dean wins obviously – it is his collection – but Cas does respectably well too). All in all, it’s a pretty great ride. That doesn’t stop the knots from forming in Cas’s stomach at the thought of getting rid of the last of his grace once and for all.
“Jack says that due to the small amount of grace I have left, it should be simple to extract it. Pain free,” he adds, in an attempt to ease Dean out of his anxious state.
He glances out the window and is surprised to see the sun shining, what with it raining non-stop for the past two hours. Some kind of twisted fate, he supposes. Maybe the universe is supporting his decision, though he doubts the universe cares. He fumbles for the vial underneath his collar, pulling it out by the chain and holding it in his hands for a moment, taking deep breaths to calm himself. Dean appears to notice his discomfort, and takes his free hand into his, giving it a squeeze before opening the door and stepping out. It’s little gestures like this that make Cas so immensely grateful to have Dean by his side, to have this hunter who feels things and understands things far more than he knows. Yes, it’s a great relief for him to have Dean to guide him through the ins and outs of humanity.
Instead of responding verbally to Dean’s question, Cas puts his hands on both sides of his face and pulls him into a crushing kiss. Dean takes a second to get over his surprise before kissing back, full of enthusiasm.
He’s struck by the thought that this was his first kiss as a human (he refuses to count April), and the idea leaves him breathless and hungry for more. It seems his hands have developed a mind of their own, his left one lifting up to graze his fingers across his lips. They’re still chapped, a result of neglected care when he thought his body didn’t need it, but they feel softer and more damp now too.
“Well,” begins Sam, eyes turning back to meet Cas’s after watching Dean leave hurriedly, “that was not how I expected him to react. Like, at all.”
They’re watching Raiders of the Lost Ark on the night that Dean lifts his head from Cas’s chest and says he wants his opinion on an important matter.
After breakfast, Dean announces his plans for the day, consisting entirely of watching movies, eating more food and drinking beer. Of course, he’s quick to remind Cas that he’ll have to go easy on the beer, it being his first time drinking as a human, but he assures him he’ll be there to look after him.
He fixes him with an unimpressed look. “Uh Dean, would you mind waiting back there while I do this? It’s not that I don’t want you here it’s just, this feels like something I should do alone.” He’s half waiting for Dean to protest, but for the most part he believes he will understand and respect his wishes.
“Cas, wait.” His voice is laced with slight panic, and Cas puts it down to the nightmare. “Will you...do you mind staying? Just for a while?”
He’s trying to act casually again, and he’s hoping Cas won’t be able to read the panic in his eyes. He’s wrong of course, Cas recognises it immediately. He turns the stove off, concerned that the conversation might last longer than the rutabagas.
“Cas,” he starts, voice breaking on the word, “‘course you can spend your life with me, you stupid son of a bitch.” Cas smiles at the fondness in his voice. “Wouldn’t want you to spend it with anyone else. ‘Specially since I, you know…”
Cas laughs and smiles up at him. “What matters is that we know now,” he says, and places his head back on Dean’s shoulder.
Cas’s smile grows even bigger at this, finding it endlessly amusing that Jack had simply assumed he and Dean were a couple for years, not even bothering to ask them about it. Thinking about it, he does see where he’s coming from. Although they’d never outright voiced their feelings for each other before the other night, deep down Cas had always known he loved Dean differently from how he loved Sam. And considering how badly Dean had coped with his death a few years back (he had confessed to begging Billie to take him after having too much beer one night), Cas can’t fault Jack for coming to the conclusion he did.
The logical part of his brain knows that he isn’t alone in this, that Dean is less than fifteen feet away keeping a watchful eye on him. The other part of his brain, the part that seems to have emerged anxiety-ridden since he became human, is back to taunting him, telling him he shouldn’t do this. Telling him that if he does (no, when he does) it’ll be the final straw. Dean will no longer have any need for him.
Judging by the confusion written across Sam’s face, Cas is pretty sure that this isn’t the response he was expecting either. After taking a moment to fully digest Dean’s response, Sam opens his mouth to elaborate on his plans. Only, Dean cuts him off before he can say anything.
The words come out in a jumble and Cas takes a second to unscramble them, his head tilting to the right and staring at Dean perplexed. It doesn’t last long. Three seconds later and he’s grabbing Dean by the ass and lifting him up with ease, trapping him against the wall as per his request. He counts another three seconds of Dean gazing at him, eyes filled with desire, before he dives in and captures his lips again.
“Next stop Lake Perry?” asks Dean, leaning over to bump his shoulder with Cas’s and easing the tension around them.
Somehow, the screaming worked, and Cas makes a mental note to remember that for the next time his mind decides to lie to him. The taunting has stopped, and instead, he feels a strange sense of calmness wash over him. In an effort to prevent the peace from dissipating, Cas tries to think about the best parts of his life so far, the moments he wants to use as a foundation on which to build his and Dean’s future on. Many of them took place in the bunker with the four of them sitting around the map table: Sam shuffling cards ready to be dealt; Jack watching him with a look of intrigue and wonder, questioning how he could make the cards move so quickly; Dean laughing fondly at him and taking a swig of his beer, and then himself, glancing around and taking it all in, that strange family of his.
Cas leans forward to make sure his voice can be heard when he replies. “Thank you Jack,” he pauses, “We miss having you here.”
Jack swallows his bite and fixes his eyes on Cas, giving him his full attention. “It makes me very happy. I’m glad you’ve resumed your relationship.” He goes back to his sandwich, leaving Cas confused and still processing his words.
“If you say so,” sighs Cas, too tired to argue, but mostly aware that Dean’s right, even if his mind is trying to tell him otherwise. A yawn sneaks out of his mouth, and he lifts his hand to cover it instinctively, having noticed Sam’s tendency to do the same. It appears to be contagious, Dean himself yawning in response. Cas figures the food probably tired them both out.
When he looks up at Dean he can see that his eyes are glistening with unshed tears, and he prays they’re not tears of sadness.
“It doesn’t sound stupid.” His voice is soft and quiet, the words barely making their way past his lips.
Jack seems to think it best for them to begin promptly, aiming a pointed look at Cas and receiving a slight nod in return. They both close their eyes; Jack’s in concentration and Cas’s in a feeble attempt to calm himself. To the left, Dean watches entranced as blue waves flow from his mouth. They twist and move, dancing around the room in loops as he gazes in wonder, and eventually find their way into the vial. It fills up more slowly than he was anticipating, each wave taking up less than a centimetre. Once in the vial, the grace seems to calm, almost become lifeless. It stills upon touching the glass and drips lazily towards the bottom. Dean is present for the whole ten minutes – though he could swear it feels like a lifetime – sitting faithfully by Cas’s side.
Dean tries to hide the shock on his face, but he isn’t quick enough; Cas catches the way his brows raise and his face falls before he gains control over it again. “So, what? You’ll be human? Just like that? No falling or ripping out your grace, just, one day you wake up without any juice left in you?”
It was kind of weird though, even he had to admit it. Being called ‘Dad’ by the new God was going to take some getting used to. Good thing he had time.
It isn’t until three days later that Cas finally decides what he wants to do with the vial of grace. They’re in the impala, driving with no particular destination in mind, other than somewhere with minimal people or distractions. Dean had woken him this morning with a suggestion that he learns how to drive properly, now that he doesn’t have his grace to rely on. Initially, Cas had looked at him dumbfounded, partially because he was still half asleep, but mostly because he never expected Dean to trust him with Baby. So now they’re driving through rural Kansas with the windows rolled down and speakers turned up.
And there it is. The real reason why he wants to become human. Dean is looking at him with a mixture of wonder and hope, but he knows him well enough to understand that while he’s happy, there’s a part of him that fears he’ll regret his decision.
Dean crawled back into bed after closing the sliding door and wrapped an arm around Cas’s waist, pulling Cas back against his chest, “Sweet dreams, Cas… I love you.”
Her voice still wavered but she tried to be strong through her fear, “I was sitting in the library with Sam and this senior, Alastair, was being creepy and he scared me.”
Gabe’s demeanor changed into a look of acceptance and forgiveness, “Not me you should apologize to. Look, I know Cas can be a little bit of a doof but he’s a good guy.”
“It’s okay.” Dean couldn’t stop himself anymore from softly pressing his lips to Cas’s. Dean remembered why he liked Cas so much as a small smile started to form on his lips.
As they were leaving the restaurant, Dean pulled Charlie aside as Cas and Dorothy chatted about wedding decorations. “Charlie, I need your help with something…”
The slow drag of Cas’s hard cock pushing completely into Dean’s needy hole was like heaven. Dean’s hand grabbed onto Cas’s back trying to hold him as close as he could.
“Yes, sir.” With Cas’s answer, Dean started the Impala and started to drive home. When they got to Dean’s one-story house, Cas couldn’t help but smile at the comfortable looking couch and plaid blanket, the empty beer bottle on the coffee table, Dean’s socks all over the floor, and a half-full laundry basket on the kitchen table.
It didn’t take Dean long to flop onto his bed, letting his eyes close until his phone beeped. Looking at the too-bright screen, Dean squinted at the new message from a slighter older man he met in college, Benny. ‘Hey, if you’re back in Lawrence let me know if you want to grab dinner. I’m like 45 minutes away.’
When he heard his fiancé’s warm voice, asking “what’s up?” Cas’s strong face crumbled, “I know you’re at work but I think it’s time…”
From the table Mary, Jo, Sam, and Ellen’s worried faces watched them but didn’t try to stop Dean, knowing that nothing could separate him and Cas at that moment.
The rest of their beach vacation was going great and soon it was the fourth of July. Dean went to the local grocery store to get beer, stuff for hamburgers, lemonade, and ice cream. He also thought to get ear plugs for Annie.
Cas lightly chuckled, “You’re drunk.” After kissing for another minute, Cas pulled away and tightly hugged Dean, “You should stay… just because I don’t want you walking home like this.”
Dean was lying on his large bed in a pair of pretty pink panties; his hard flushed cock was trapped and leaking against the soft, silky material. His gorgeous freckles covering his tan skin almost distracted Cas enough that he didn’t see Dean toss a condom at him and smirk, “Lay down and relax.”
“Oh my god, is it only one? Fine, then I’m going to take a nap.” Without another word to his brother or roommates, Cas and Abby walked down the hallway to his bedroom. Cas quickly changed into a t-shirt and his boxers. He crawled into bed and patted the spot next to him, “Abby, bed.”
Dean looked up at him then back down to the video to find the moment Cas was talking about, “It’s the victim… so?”
When they pulled up to Amara’s twenty minutes later, they were greeted at the front door by Gabriel.
The younger boy took a slightly smaller sip and coughed at the dark whiskey that warmed from his throat to his stomach, “Holy… that’s like gasoline.”
The next thing Cas knew, the aggressive stranger was on the ground bleeding and the familiar protective comfort of Dean’s arm was around him. When the man tried to get up, Dean grabbed his collar and growled at him, “I strongly suggest you keep your fucking hands to yourself and walk away.”
Cas took Dean’s hand from across the table and supportively squeezed it, “This—me and you. I’m in it for the long haul. I want you, Dean. Only you. And Annie absolutely adores you, I don’t think you could ever do wrong in her eyes.”
After checking the first floor bathrooms, Dean made his way up Lawrence High's west wing staircase. He had lots of memories at this school, most of them the usual teenager experiences. He had his first kiss in the gymnasium during a freshman dance, his father taught him to drive in the empty parking lot on a Sunday, he vividly remembers his first-day-jitters but this was something new. He never had to find his ridiculously hot and bloody friend-not-friend-maybe-a-friend-crush in a bathroom and try to have a normal conversation about his feelings.
Cas could feel the beautifully warm summer breeze on his skin and his baby sisters easy-going laugh from behind him. Going the speed limit, Cas enjoyed the straightforward, easy ride to the nearby city.
On their way back, Gabe stopped only a block away from their house, “Oh and this is Sam’s. Best coffee around here. Want some?”
Cas laughed and took it back, “Neither have I.” His blue eyes shined at Dean and took another drag. Together they polished off the joint and laid next to each other, Cas’s fingers lightly tracing over Dean’s knuckles. The dizzy calmness washed over them in waves as Cas’s constantly cold toes found Dean’s warm calves.
Alfie put an O2 monitor on Dean’s left index finger and an oxygen mask over his nose and mouth, “Take some deep breaths, Dean.”
Cas grabbed Dean’s tense cock and pumped him, “You want to cum? Go ahead, baby. Cum all over me, I got you.”
There were times that Cas could still be an asshole and fly off the handlebars at times but Dean stopped taking his shit and just gave him the, ‘You’re being a gigantic asshole’ face and Cas quickly realizes what he’s doing. Dean knows under Cas’s issues, he really does love Dean.
Right now though, neither of them were thinking about anything negative. Cas whined and clung to the sheets, “Dean… please, I need to cum. I need…”
“I’m well. I’m actually calling to let you know that Dean and Charlie were in a car accident today. They’re both doing just fine and are at Stormont Vail. I assure you, they’re both doing well and have no major injuries. He did ask for you to stay home and he will update you when he can.”
In the basement of the bar, there was “The Pit”. The bloodstained main floor was surrounded by broken chairs and empty beer bottles.
“Yeah, she’s doing better. The doctor said it was angina. Thank you for taking such good care of her.”
Nothing happened but Cain’s disgusting hands tugging down Cas’s jeans, a cursed, poisonous touch groping over him. With one hand on Cas’s hips pinning him down and one hand tightly wrapped around his throat, “Well… are you going to give me what I want? Come on, beg for your life like the good little slut you are.”
Not wanting to hear Cas put himself down or worry, Dean cut him off with a kiss on his cheek, “Don’t worry about that. We can go as slow as you want and I promise, you’ll only feel good. And if we start doing something and you want to stop, just say the word.”
Pulling out the plug completely, Dean pressed a kiss onto Cas’s hole, sucking and lightly running his teeth over him. Cas was already rock hard and leaking by the time Dean had his tongue inside Cas, his stubble deliciously scratching Cas’s soft thighs. Cas couldn’t help but start to move his hips, stroking himself onto Dean’s outstretched tongue.
Dean felt so guilty for getting Cas sick, he quickly jumped up and took care of Cas the same way he had a few days ago.
Dean waved him off but had to remind himself that Cas couldn’t see the gesture so he cleared his throat and tried again, “No problem. You feeling alright?”
“His CT scan confirmed a severe brain bleed and a fractured skull. Right now, he is in a coma and on life-support.”
Cas quickly shut their front door and stripped off his jacket before sitting on the floor and pulling Anna into his lap, cradling her in his strong arms the way he did when she was a small child, “It will be okay, love. We’ll be okay. What happened?”
She happily stuck her hand out for Cas to shake, “It’s so nice to meet you, Cas.” Turning to his little sister, Mary shook her hand as well, “Anna, right? It’s nice to meet you as well. Please, come in.”
Crowley and Zach start to run towards Cas but when Anna starts to get upset, Cas pulled away not wanting to see his baby sister's tears tonight, “This is your last warning, Alastair.”
During Cas’s first day back, Charlie was questioning Dean as the two walked into school together, “So, are things going to be awkward between you and Cas today?”
Cas bumped his shoulder against Dean’s, “You don’t have to tell me what happened but are you okay?” Mimicking Dean's question from earlier.
Looking into Dean’s bright green eyes, Cas smirked at the sweet, needy younger boy who was clinging to him. Cas leaned forward and whispered into Dean’s ear so that the rest of the diners didn’t hear him, “You’re such a good boy for me.”
Composing himself, Dean glared at the boy’s fidgeting form, “That’s what it said on the door, right? And to you, it’s sir.”
Kevin pointed to the other side of the lunchroom; a disbelieving expression forming on his face, “Well, I found Sam. He’s sitting with Sir Douche Bag.”
The doctor saw the shock plastered on Dean’s face, the numbness in his eyes but unfortunately, he had to continue, “We can keep him on life-support for 30 days but right now we don’t see any evidence of brain activity… you can see him if you’d like.”
When they got back to Dean’s, they both got changed into pajamas and Cas decided to go lay down. Dean agreed that after the long day Cas had, a nap was probably a good idea. As much as Dean wanted to crawl into bed with Cas, he had some paperwork that needed to get done. Sitting at the kitchen table, Dean tried to focus on the facts of the case and not let his emotions cloud anything but writing ‘the victim’ didn’t seem right. Because Cas wasn’t ‘the victim’ he was the sleepy guy wrapped up in his bed. He was the guy who wormed his way into Dean’s heart and changed the way he saw things. He was the one who made waking up in the morning worth it.
By the time afternoon comes Cas takes off to tend to the garden, but not before steering Dean towards the couch and giving him something to keep his mind occupied whilst he’s gone.
That night, after stuffing their faces with what quickly became a feast of both pizza and Chinese, the two of them position themselves on the couch, Cas’s phone laid out on the coffee table in front of them and Jack on speaker.
He opens his mouth to argue that no, he doesn’t need rest, he’s just rested for God knows how long, and now he wants to explore Dean and discover how his body reacts to the touch.
“You like this one?” Dean’s voice cuts through his thoughts and Cas struggles to respond without letting his feelings slip into his words.
At the sound of his footsteps, Dean turns around, wooden spoon in hand and stupid grin plastered across his face. Once again, Cas is hit by how relaxed he looks.
“Dammit, Cas you scared me,” he breathes, the words themselves sounding irritated but the gentle tone opposing them and letting his nerves slip though.
“Oh man, I was looking forward to trying this!” Dean takes the tray out of the oven and they both stare at it before dissolving into laughter for the second time in the past hour.
When he finally speaks, it’s in a controlled voice, every trace of joy having left. “Sure Cas, what is it?”
“Sometimes I think it might’ve slipped his mind, that me and Sam lost a mom the same day he lost a wife. But all he would talk about was revenge. And it was so hard Cas. One day I was just like any normal kid: a mom doting on me and Sammy; a dad teaching me normal kid stuff like how to play baseball and shit. And then suddenly, it was all gone. We stopped being kids the moment mom died, and dad couldn’t even find it in himself to make it easier for us. Nah, he just dived right in the deep end. Packed up that night and off we went.” Dean runs his hand over his face, tries to compose himself. “But yeah, I figured now that we stopped Chuck and Jack’s busy keeping the peace and Sam and Eileen are doing...whatever it is they’re doing, what’s one less, I mean two less hunters? We deserve this, Cas. I deserve this. Man, I’m pretty sure we deserve a hell of a lot more, but I’ll take what I can get. So yeah, to answer your question, this is what I want. Besides,” his gaze softens, “I’ve got everything I need right here.”
But this, this is different. Better. Dean is pouring himself into the kiss, and Cas gets the feeling he’s using it to say the things he’s not quite ready to put into words. He’s kissing back now, starting gently before growing slightly impatient and pushing his tongue against Dean’s lips until he’s granted entry. There’s a need to feel and explore, a want for this to be perfect, to memorise the feel of Dean’s lips on his. And yet there’s a sense of longing in his touch too, like he’s close to having everything but it’s just out of reach. Becoming human will be like completing the puzzle, putting the final piece into place.
“And anyway, I thought you said you didn’t need to rip out your grace. I’m pretty sure you told me you’d just wake up one morning human. Why go to unnecessary lengths when you can just wait a little longer and bam! You become human.”
Cas lets out a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding. Really, he should be able to distinguish between when Dean is actually angry and when Dean is jokingly outraged. But like he said, he has yet to figure him out entirely.
“You can relax, Cas. I just,” he pauses, struggling to find the words, “I just need you to be here is all.”
“Yes, I suppose we should wait for Dean. This is important to him too.” He keeps his response stilted, wanting to see Jack’s response. While he agrees with Dean that their relationship isn’t exactly hard to spot, he understands how something like that could easily go over Jack’s head. He knows first hand how hard it is to recognise human tendencies and how they change.
Jack stands up, startling them both. “I’ll leave you both to adjust. I promise I’ll visit soon,” he says, and before Cas can even thank him he’s gone.
If Jack finding them in the same position at 9am the following morning is anything to go by, it would appear that exhaustion got the better of them. Sensing his presence, Cas shifts to lift his head up, finding Jack looking curiously at them, as if trying to decipher the situation.
He sips the last of his coffee, being sure to avoid the chip, then places the mug back on the counter. Jack seems to recognise the action for what it is, a signal that he’s ready to begin.
Instead, Dean keeps the grin on his face and replies, “Sounds great, Sammy. I mean, Eileen is great, and you two make an awesome team. I bet you’ll have the system up and running in a couple of months.”
“Morning Sunshine,” says Dean as he makes his way to the coffee on the bench, aiming a wink at Cas and drawing a blush onto his cheeks, melancholy thoughts disappearing in an instant.
Cas inhales, resists the urge to kiss Dean right there and then. But despite Dean’s admission and the underlying confession of his feelings, Cas can’t help but think that right now, what Dean needs is a friend, not a lover.
Dean does a double-take. “He..wait what? It is way too early to be dealing with this,” he decides, heading over to the coffee maker. “Either of you two want a cup?”
“Jack,” he starts, drawing the boy’s attention from his sandwich, “when can we start? And how long do you estimate it will take?”
“After Lucifer was released, I went to the real one. But it wasn’t as peaceful as I remembered it,” he sighs, recalling his swallowed disappointment at the real Lake Perry. “I think it made me angry, though I can’t say for certain; human emotions were still foreign to me. But whatever I felt, it wasn't peace. And yet I kept going back. For years Dean, I kept visiting, hoping to find the same peace you felt in your dream. And then the angels fell and heaven collapsed, and I was human. When I left the bunker I didn’t know what to do,” he hears Dean bite back a strangled noise from his throat and places his hand on top of his. “I found a map on the ground in the centre of Lebanon and found the lake. From there it wasn’t hard. I ‘hitchhiked’ a few times until I was sure it was within walking distance, and then I used the map to find my way.” He takes another deep breath to steady himself.
The one downside to these movie nights, in Cas’s opinion anyway, is when Dean falls asleep mid-movie, leaving Cas trapped on the couch, Sam and Jack having retired to their rooms hours ago. It’s nights like these, Cas thinks, that really test his resolve. He can’t blame Dean for his actions whilst asleep, nor can he read too much into them. So, on the nights when Dean shuffles in his sleep and snakes an arm around Cas’s waist, pulling him in closer and resting his head on his shoulder, Cas breathes deeply, and reminds himself that Dean would never do this consciously.
“Yes,” says Jack, as if that explains everything. “When I came back Sam told me about your fight. He said you were “moving on”. From what I understand, that means you broke up with Dean, right?” He looks at him earnestly, obviously proud of himself for thinking he’d figured it out.
It’s the first time Cas has heard Dean say those words to him as a human, and the feeling in his heart and his stomach aren’t in any way comparable to how it felt as an angel. Before, he knew what the words meant, knew how difficult it was for Dean to say them. But he never felt the words as such. They were just...words, spoken with meaning of course but never fully recognised by Cas as what they were. Now, however, his heart is beating wildly in his chest and his palms feel slightly sweaty. His stomach is doing flips again and fluttering uncontrollably, the sensation making Cas feel giddy with joy. His eyes are wider than they’ve ever been as he glances up at Dean, and they stay that way as he tilts his head upwards to press his lips to Dean’s.
Cas coldly greeted the announcer with a curt nod before he stripped off his jacket and climbed into the ring; loosening up his neck and arms, slightly jogging and bouncing from one foot to another.
Dean rolled over so he and Cas were completely facing each other but not touching due to the little sleepy ball of cute taking up most of the bed, “You don’t have to thank me. I want to be here for you both.”
Cas growled back, “Guess so.” With that, he wobbly walked around Bobby and out into the blistering cold.
“So, if you had the opportunity to have sex with an attractive man, you wouldn’t?” At this point, Crowley was just trying to break Cas.
Cas grumbled incoherently and let his feet carry him to the guest room with Dean close behind him. Exhausted, they both fell into bed and were asleep in minutes.
Once Dean led Sam and his girlfriend, who was behind him, inside it took Annie about one second to bounce over to Sam. Dean excitedly introduced his new little family, “Sammy, this is Cas and Annie.”
When they got to the small light blue house, Cas grabbed his medical bag while Alfie pulled the stretcher out of the back of the ambulance. Cas walked up to the front door and knocked, “Topeka EMS.” He checked the doorknob which thankfully, was unlocked. Walking into the living room, Cas saw an older woman doubled over on her couch, her breathing was obviously labored and growing increasingly harder to take deep breaths. Cas crouched in front of her and put a hand on her shoulder, “Ma’am, my name is Cas. I’m an EMT, are you having some difficulties breathing?”
Dean choked on his beer and started coughing, trying to get his mind back from whatever planet it just zapped off to.
Having gone through the process before, Dean helped Cas fill out the paperwork, applications, and loan applications for the six-month academy.
He smiled at the warmth his daughter brought him, “Goodnight, sweetheart. I love you very much.” After hanging up, Cas rolled back over and soothingly rubbed Dean’s warm back, “Sorry, that was Annie. I tell her the same thing every night before bed and she just wanted to hear it.”
When he was back in the safety of his room, Dean opened the box and didn’t bother trying to hold back his tears. The first thing Dean saw was Cas’s old, well-used copy of “Great Expectations”. Dean cradled the delicate pages in his fingers before gently placing the book on his bed. When his fingers wrapped around the smooth black leather of Cas’s jacket, Dean couldn’t help but smile at the memories they shared together. Inside the jacket, Anna had tucked a delicate flower crown made of white, green, and blue flowers. Dean's mind couldn't help but think of the future they wouldn't have together.
And he did stop until Dean closed his eyes and started to fall asleep but Cas stayed awake watching Dean until a green eye peeked up at him, “Will you stop watching me? It’s creepy. Go to sleep.”
Taking the hand that was around his waist, Dean pulled it over his shoulder, helping Cas walk back to his room, “You want to talk about this?”
She ignored his outstretched hand and pulled him into a hug, “Oh no, honey. Please call me Mary. It’s so nice to meet you too!”
Dean felt the waves of nausea hit him with every shaken breath, “D—don’t put your hard around m—my throat.” Instead of pushing Cas away again, Dean clung onto him, desperately looking for comfort.
Cas was too lost in Dean planting his feet and thrusting up into him, trying to get some leverage back to answer Dean.
At the small hole-in-the-wall shop on thirty-second street, Dean and Cas strolled in and walked up to the front counter. The rock music playing and the cheap lighting seemed almost stereotypical of a tattoo shop. Approaching a similarly aged brunette man in dark jeans an hoodie, Dean was the one who led the conversation by holding up a picture of the suspect's tattoo, “Hey, pal. Any chance this is one of yours?”
When Cas finally stops throwing up, Gabe rubbed his back, “You really are getting sick, huh? You done, kid?”
Looking up, Cas saw Bobby’s worried face and tried to push him off but his words came out slurred, “Nothin’… ‘m fine.”
Cas was walking over to Dean to simultaneously smack him upside the head and help him sit down when Charlie came bounding into the room with a huge smile lighting up her face, “Oh, Dean! I’m so glad you’re here too! I asked Dorothy to marry me and she said yes!”
She hopped into the driver’s seat, leaving Anna and Cas to roll their eyes and groan, remembering how … exciting (?) Amara could be. It was nice to see her, even under these circumstances.
The one time Cas did not need to see was the day May left for college. She tightly hung onto Cas, “I love you, daddy. I’m so happy you and dad raised me. I couldn’t ask for better parents. Thank you for being my best friends through everything and I’m really going to miss you.”
The two brothers sat together for a while longer, eventually being joined by Bobby who helped them with the reports from the other night. Cain was in the state prison waiting for the trial to start. Of course, he was pleading not-guilty by reason of insanity… what a joke.
Knowing he wasn’t avoiding this, Dean started to explain, “Fine. I’m his daughter’s teacher, we went to get drinks. We… spent the night together… and it was great, okay? We got along and he’s smart and funny and gorgeous and an amazing father. We got breakfast with his daughter who’s the cutest thing on this planet.”
Dean turned around and started kissing Cas, his cock twitching with interest. When Cas dropped to his knees and tugged Dean’s jeans and boxers off, the first words out of Dean’s mouth were, “You don’t have to.”
Seeing just how nervous Cas was, Dean put his hand on Cas’s leg, “Yeah, mom. Cas takes good care of me.”
Dean sheepishly handed the cop his information and tried to act natural. When the cop saw Dean’s badge, he groaned and handed everything back to Dean, “Detective, put some clothes on, slow down, and get the hell out of here.”
She always did an amazing job of helping Cas relax after a stressful day just by being herself. After another minute, Cas left Annie’s room, making sure to keep the door cracked just a little. He walked out to the living room, gladly accepting the cold beer Gabe handed to him, “So, how was your first day back?”
It didn’t take long for Cas to be buried deep inside Dean, lustfully thrusting into Dean’s warm, tight hole; his arms wrapped around Dean’s back, their lips and tongues dancing together. Everything was all pleasure until Cas rested his hand on the crease between Dean’s neck and shoulder. His fingers wrapped around the nape of Dean’s neck and his thumb around Dean’s throat and squeezed.
Cas's voice cracked but whether it was from emotion or pain, Dean couldn't tell, “Dean, stop.” Cas tried to pull his hand away, not wanting to drag the sweet green-eyed boy into his mess.
However, on this Friday, Cas was off from work and spent the day cleaning and cooking as tonight was a very big night; today was the day Dean and Cas’s families would be under the same roof for the first time.
Cas scoffed and adjusted his t-shirt on his shoulders, “I’ve punched guys much bigger, much harder. He doesn’t scare me… but he does scare Anna and I'm not taking that shit. Dean please, take care of my sister.”
He was still in his army green fatigues and obviously exhausted but was still trying to be his playful, cheery self.
Dean quickly moved so he was next to Cas and wrapped a strong arm around Cas’s shaking shoulders, “I’m here. Nobody is going to hurt you. The doctor is going to give you a sedative and they’re going to help you.”
The guilt quickly set in about how he just masturbated to his intern that is eleven years younger than Dean, only being twenty-one. But more than that, Dean felt guilty about how he has treated Cas so far. Things needed to change.
At this point, Cas wasn’t crying anymore. He had a smile on his face that Dean hadn’t seen before, “My mom and I went to this tiny little hotel in Vermont and we got stuck there during a snow storm and she and I ate ramen and watched Gilmore Girls all week.”
Cas tried to speak even softer, he just wanted to talk to Dean and understand what was wrong, “Dean…”
Anna mustered up all her strength, fueled by her hate for the three men surrounding her. Her small fists roughly punched at Alastair’s chest but he had six years, two feet and over a hundred pounds on the freshman. He just laughed off her efforts.
Hearing the new people in the house, Gabe walked out from the kitchen; his eyes growing large and worried at the sight of them, “Holy hell, what happened to you guys?”
Cas, however, started to panic when he woke up to an unfamiliar arm around him. Thankfully, Dean noticed Cas’s squirming and soothingly rubbed his arm, speaking quietly, “Cas? Hey… it’s just me. Do you want me to go?”
Bobby nodded in agreement before finding a seat in the hallway while Dean slowly cracked the door to Cas’s room, “Hey, Cas… it’s me.”
Dean followed Cas away from their siblings. He forced his eyes to meet Cas's close, intense stare, “I don’t know about you but I don’t want them going alone.”
Again, Alastair snickered and started to sneer something back but was cut off by the harsh impact Cas’s fist on the left side of his face; which instantly knocked him out. The entire lunchroom sucked in a simultaneous harsh breath, including Dean’s table, when Alastair fell to the floor completely unconscious.
When he got home, he said a quick hello to his mom and Sammy, who isn’t so little anymore, before going up to his room, taking two sleeping pills, and falling into a drug-supported sleep.
Dean was actively trying to bite his tongue when Charlie stuck her head into his office, “Winchester and company, come here. I need to show you something.”
Dean turned the key to the Impala as her engine roared to life, “Be there in ten.” As he drove to the station, Dean let the familiar feeling of his Impala soothe his harsh mood.
They’re both exhausted when Cas placed Annie in her bath, trying to fix the temperature of the water to hush her fussing of, “Daddy, it’s too cold!”
“Hi, Charlie. I only have another half hour left of my shift then I’ll be by to get you. Stay out of trouble, you two.” Letting his smile linger after hanging up, the last thirty minutes of his shift seemed to fly by and soon, Cas was back at the hospital; only this time in his personal car instead of the ambulance.
Cas soon found out what Dean had in mind when they got back to the station and had a meeting with Jody Mills, the local D.A, Sam, Charlie, Kevin, and Bobby. They all decided on setting a trap and the for the bait?... Cas.
After arguing with himself for the rest of class Dean decided to actually take Charlie’s advice. He walked up to Leather Jacket or ‘Castiel’ in the busy hallway and gave him a warm smile, “Hey, I’m Dean. Castiel, right?” That’s when he noticed just how blue Castiel’s eyes were. They looked like the sky on a perfect summer day. Before Dean could realize he was staring at him; the other boy answered, “Not interested, thanks.”
Half-way through the day, Gabe, Luke, and Mike were needed at work so Gabe reluctantly left Cas with Alfie.
Through the movie, Cas was subconsciously humming along with “Bare Necessities” which made Dean chuckle and whisper, “How many times have you had to watch this movie?”
Cas pulled out his wallet and looked through it before tucking it into his jeans he had put on a little earlier, “Yeah, I have enough for a cab.”
Dean walked up to him and tapped his shoulder with the back of his hand, “Get up, Novak. We got shit to do.”
Annie pushed her strawberries around on her plate and shrugged, “I don’t want to get her in trouble. She’s just trying to be a meanie because she is insecure and self-loathing.”
Dean nodded in understanding, knowing exactly what it's like to be a protective older brother, “Of course, she’ll get home safe. What time are you working until?”
“No, I want you here because I care about you and I love being around you.” Dean held Cas’s cheek, “I mean it, I want you.”
She shyly answered, not making too much eye contact, “Yeah, my big brother Castiel and I just moved to town.” They made friendly small talk about Anna's classes until Mr. Wyatt decided to start the lesson for today.
Unable to stop the waves of nausea, Dean ran out of the room back towards the nurse’s station. He hadn’t seen Cas yet. He needs to see Cas. He loves him. Where is he? With the tears again flooding his face, Dean raced towards the same nurse, a new sense of urgency in his voice, “Where is Castiel Novak? I need to see him now.”
They sat in silence for a few hours as Cas carefully read everything twice. When he was finally done, he closed the binder and placed it on Dean’s desk.
“When I grabbed my clothes, I found some in my sock drawer… are you mad?” Cas was a little nervous that Dean was going to be disgusted or upset but instead he looked like a kid on Christmas.
“I’m a mechanic and I play a little guitar.” Dean’s smile sounded different when he answered, he sounded shy and a little embarrassed so he quickly tried to change the subject, “What about you?”
Back in his room, Cas picked up Dean’s clothes from the floor and rummaged through his drawers to find a clean pair of boxers; handing them to Dean, he spoke quietly, “I’ll be right back, go ahead and get comfortable.”
Gabe sarcastically chuckled, “Oh, look who it is! Mr. No-Gabe-I’m-not-going-to-fuck-the-older-Winchester!”
Both Dean and Cas followed the redhead into her office and watched as she pulled up a traffic cam video, “Okay, so you know how all the vics have the same mark drawn on them? Well, look at this. Some guy was spotted with the same mark tattooed on his forearm.”
Cas nodded his head, his nervousness was evident in his body language. As he started to walk away, listening to what Bobby was telling him, “Get on the subway and we’ll meet you at the next stop, okay?”
Once they were thoroughly spent, Cas rolled off of Dean and peeled off the condom, completely out of breath. After taking the condom from Cas, Dean shuffled to the bathroom to clean up. When he was done, he tossed Cas a towel to wipe himself off. After they were dry Dean flopped back into bed and chuckled, “Best parent-teacher conference ever.”
Cas could feel the tears start to build behind his eyes so he drained the other half of the whiskey. He messed up, with Dean, with Anna, with school, with himself.
Dean didn’t mind and even smiled at Cas trying to sneak close to rabbits, bighorn sheep, elk, and lizards. It stopped being funny when Dean turned around from taking a picture of the view to see Cas walking up to a good sized coyote. Scrambling towards Cas, who he’s convinced is crazy at this point, Dean grabbed him by the waist and picked him up, “Cas, Jesus Christ! Don’t touch the coyote!”
The two youngers sat down and it only took a few quick seconds before Jo noticed Anna’s tear stained eyes, “Honey, you okay? Did something— oh shit.” She stopped mid-question and pointed across the cafeteria to where Cas was marching up to Alastair.
Trying not to seem too anxious to see Cas, Dean waited a half hour before heading to the Novak’s. Knocking on the front door, Dean prayed that Cas wasn’t bleeding, drunk or crying. He almost got what he wanted.
That morning around two o'clock, Anna woke up screaming; the fear of her father finding them was paralyzing. Her screams pierced through the silent house.
Dean took his eyes off the road and looked over at Cas who was looking down at his hands in his lap, “Just fine, Novak? Come on, parties, booze, women… that was all just fine?”
The older brother hummed in response and waited for his brother to continue, “I was wondering if I could ask Cas and Anna to come to the Roadhouse with us?”
He couldn’t help but notice the empty beer cans and whiskey bottles, the broken picture frames, and glass, “Novak?” Dean stepped through to the kitchen and found Cas shirtless and bleeding from a cut on his temple on the kitchen floor. He quickly ran to Cas’s side and gently shook his shoulder, “Cas? Hey, are you okay?”
What the dispatcher said back to him, Benny doesn’t remember. All he could focus on was holding pressure on Dean’s calf where the bullet entered. He tried to shake Dean’s shoulder to wake him up and eventually Dean’s green eyes opened as he groaned and tried to sit up, “Oh, fuck! Benny? …Benny! Tell me you got the little fuck.”
Carefully icing her older brothers bruises and cleaning his cuts, Anna tried to fight back her tears, “Cassie… you need to slow down, you’re going to get hurt.”
The six-year-old beamed up at Charlie and giddily waved hello. Charlie gushed over Annie, “Oh my god… you’re adorable.”
“You’re right! Come on, let’s go put our shoes on together.” After Cas put Annie’s lunch into her pink backpack they walked over to the small bench by the front door. As Annie pulled on her white tennis shoes, Cas zipped on his black work boots.
“Shh, I know. I got you.” Dean reached forward and grabbed onto Cas’s leaking cock and quickly stroking him. Cas’s thighs shook with how strong his orgasm was, he desperately called out Dean’s name as he fiancé fucked him through it.
Dean was still trying to control his breathing when he answered, “He’s doing better, Jess took him up for a CT scan.” He shakily grabbed onto Gabe’s upper arm, “I should have noticed and if Abby wasn’t there Cas could have died and I wouldn’t have known and I promised I’d take care of him.”
He couldn’t wait to wrap his arms around Cas; he wanted to kiss him, suck him off, open himself up for him. So when Cas strolled into the Roadhouse a little after six, Dean quickly walked up to him and roughly kissed him.
Charlie and Jo start to step in but Dean just shook his head at them; the last thing he wanted would be for Alastair to turn and start messing with them.
Dean was relaxing on his couch and skyping with Sam when he brought up what was really going on in his mind, “Hey, Sammy… could I ask you something?”
“Better now that you’re here.” Dean couldn’t help but blush at Benny’s obviously flirtatious answer.
Dean hummed in response and tried to get up but his half-asleep mind couldn’t cooperate with his limbs; he just ended up flopping back down on the soft bed. His words came out as incoherent mumbles, “Get up… in minute.”
Cas elbowed him in the side and glared at him but he ended up just giggling and giving up on the grumpy face.
Gabe matched Cas’s aggressive tone, “You had a fucking Pilocytic Astrocytoma. I watched you lose your vision. I sat by your bedside after your surgery. I was there for all of it!”
Dean flopped down in a folding chair and offered Cas one of the two cold beers he had in his hand, “Bike looks good, man. Want one?”
Dean eyed Cas’s navy blue uniform and work belt, taking in the gorgeous sight of an attractive man in a uniform, “So, you’re an EMT?”
“I know the face, okay? I’m a good father. When I’m not there my brother cares for her. She’s never alone. She’s loved.” Cas didn’t hesitate to defend his family.
Cain sat still, the only part of him moving were his fingers steadily drumming on the metal table. Bobby stood on the other side of the table, “We’ve been looking for you.”
Cas decided to get out of bed and cook a big breakfast because after not eating dinner last night, he was starving. After a quick shower, Dean joined him, followed by a still half-asleep Annie a while later. They ate pancakes, bacon, hash browns, eggs, and sausage; the smell of the good food pulling Gabe out of his bedroom who got in very late last night.
He could feel Dean's eyes on his thighs. Cas would deny it but he put on a slightly tighter pair of pants to try and gauge Dean's reaction. So far, it seemed pretty positive.
On the 21st he woke up to a different voice and Anna’s familiar sobs. Easing open his eyes, Dean saw Gabe, still in his green fatigues, holding Anna on his lap. When Gabe saw Dean looking at him, he tried to crack a smile, “Hey, Romeo.”
The anxiety and panic in Cas’s stomach were subsiding now that Dean was with him but he still wanted to get the hell out of that bar, “Can we go back to the room?”
Dean tried to speak calmly and encourage Cas but his terrified expression only made Dean crack up into a fit of laughter.
When Cas let go of him, Dean slid the gorgeous band onto Cas’s finger and pulled him into a loving kiss.
Then, Dean started to talk about somebody named Benny. Cas listened intently as Dean sobbed over him. Cas needed to hold him and tell him it’s okay; instead, all that came out was another quote, “The agony is exquisite, is it not? A broken heart. You think you will die. But you just keep living. Day after day, after terrible day.”
After Cas stopped talking, Abby started to whimper and pace, only making Gabe more anxious, “What’s going on?”
Cas desperately clung to Dean’s back with one hand in his short sandy-blonde hair. When he spoke, his voice sounded absolutely wrecked in the best way, “D—Dean, I’m close…”
His tears streamed down his face as the wind started to pick up, “I still have the ring you gave me. I have everything… everything besides the most important thing… you.”
Cas ran a hand over the top Dean’s head, “Yeah… no, you’re not driving home like this. You’re staying, okay?”
Completely naked, Cas scrambled onto the bed on his hands and knees, eagerly showing off to Dean who smirked and gently ran his hands over Cas’s round ass, “You are the most gorgeous person I’ve ever seen.” Dean carefully grabbed the plug and slowly started to pump it in and out of Cas, twisting every so often.
Cas chuckled and helped Charlie carry the computer parts into the tech lab, “Well, thank you, Charlie. You’ve certainly given me a lot to think about.”
Looking extremely unamused, the commissioner cleared his throat into the microphone, “If we could have silence so we could continue?" Then he mumbled off-handedly, "…Thank you, Detective Winchester…”
That’s when Bobby walked in and threw a dirty rag at Cas's chest, which he easily caught before any of the grease got smeared on his shirt, “Hey, am I paying you to work or talk?”
Back at the house, Cas and Dean were walking up the front steps and holding hands when Cas tripped and almost fell on his face but luckily Dean quickly caught him, “Whoa, easy there. What? Were you and my dad sneaking whiskey while I wasn’t looking?” Everyone laughed at that and Cas playfully smacked Dean’s arm.
Dean wrapped both of them up in his arms, “Even all the way in San Diego, you’ll always be our little girl. Don’t you forget that.”
And then Chuck smacked Cas and every rational thought flew out of Dean’s mind. Taking Cas from around his waist, he moved him behind his back so he was standing between Cas and his father. Dean spoke evenly but full of anger, “Cas, go pack a bag. You’re staying with me.”
Annie smiled so her blue eyes were staring up at Dean, “It’s okay, daddy said sometimes adults get into arguments.”
Anna immediately pulled her hand out of Cas’s grip and ran towards Gabe with open arms; her shoes loudly splashing through the puddles. Gabe quickly scooped her up and hugged her close to him, “Hey, kiddo!”
Three days later, it was Friday and the last day of Cas’s suspension. Anna and Sam were sitting alone at lunch and that’s when Sam finally summoned up the courage and carefully took Anna’s hand and stuttered out his question, “Anna, would you like to go to the movies with me today?”
“Oh, Dean. Alright, hold on. I’ll be right back.” Cas quickly ran to the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of water, aspirin, crackers before running to Dean’s room and grabbing a pillow and a blanket from the bed.
The car ride back to the Harvelle-Singer’s was quick and tense. Cas was still unconscious but thankfully the blood coming from his face and head had stopped when Bobby carried him inside his house, “Jo! Sam! Get in here!”
It started with anger towards his father; the drinking, the screaming, the fighting, and now, he killed his mother.
Cas chuckled low in his chest and brought his hands up to rub the smooth skin on Dean’s back, “Tell me about it, that was awesome.”
Cas actually looked crush to have to say no to his little sister, “I’m sorry, love. I have to work today.”
Dean adjusted his grip on Cas’s hand and gave him a good morning kiss on his healing cheek; the same way he did when they would wake up in bed together, only this time Cas didn’t groan and pull Dean against him. He didn’t smell like morning-after sex and his cologne. He didn’t beg for, “Please, baby… just five more minutes.” Cas just laid in his hospital bed with the machines steady hiss and beep. Breath in. Breath out. Breath in. Breath out.
After saying bye to Lisa, Cas and Annie walked down the hall until they reached Mr. Winchester’s room, which was filled with neat rows of twelve desks that were set up four by three with his desk facing them.
Charlie wrapped a blanket around the both of them and rested her head on his shoulder, soothingly stroking his cheek, “My poor gay babies… so sad.”
Dean quickly walked over to Annie and hugging her, trying to show her that everything was going to be okay, “Why don’t you go to your room for a little bit?”
Dean felt his heart cramp; half from seeing Cas in pain but half from how adorable Cas looked, “I heard, anything I can do for you?”
As Alfie and Cas clean out the back of the ambulance, Cas called Mary. After a few rings, Mary’s loving voice answered, “Hello?”
Dean wrapped his legs around Cas’s waist and let his head fall forward onto Cas’s strong shoulder. When Cas slammed Dean’s back up against the wall and smoothly slid into his needy heat, Dean bit down hard on Cas’s shoulder; muffling the moan that ripped through him.
Cas could see how nervous Dean was to ask such a small thing. It was really endearing, “Sure, Dean.”
Dean couldn’t help the loving chuckle from slipping out, “Of course you are. I wanted you since the moment I saw you. Those big blue eyes and god… just everything about you.”
Cas ignored Dean’s joking and put a C-collar on his boyfriend’s neck, trying to avoid any further damage. Trying to hold it together, Cas yelled, “Alfie! Bring the spine board and stretcher over here!”
This time, Anna seemed to beam with pride, “He’s the best big brother in the world. He seems super scary and tough but he is actually really sweet.”
The black-haired boy turned around, worry spreading across his face, “Dean? What are you doing here? Is Anna okay?!”
“Very well then.” Cain didn’t hesitate or flinch, he wasn’t angry or distressed but he was eerily calm as he sliced into Cas over and over again. From his neck to his chest to his arms and down to his legs he was covered in blood; blood that was quickly draining from his veins. “You ready yet?”
“Mmfff.” Judging by the noise Dean makes, Cas assumes he’s still half-asleep and motions at Jack for them to move into the kitchen. Untangling himself from beneath Dean’s body poses a challenge, but Cas manages to maneuver his way to standing up without waking him up again.
He’s been thinking about giving it up altogether, becoming human. It’s been a long time since Cas has felt like an angel; his connection to earth being stronger than his relations to heaven for years. And yet, he hasn’t confided in Dean about his ideas, fear holding him back and whispering that once he was human, Dean would truly have no use for him anymore. One day he’ll tell him.
For some reason, this appears to anger Dean. He shifts to put his hands on his hips and look Cas up and down, judgement written plainly across his features. “It’s of no use? Cas, no offense or nothing, but I couldn’t give two shits if your grace is of use. That’s not why I need you here. It’s not why I want you here.”
Speaking of which, Dean’s smile has been making more regular appearances now that they didn’t have to worry about God destroying the universe. Some days, he smiles more often. Like the days spent in the bunker’s kitchen, cooking pie, burgers and (not that Dean would admit to it) a new spinach and kale recipe suggested by Sam. Evenings spent marathoning movies also tease it out, and if the mood is particularly good, and the movie is humorous enough,  sometimes he laughs too.
“I...certainly understand why you would think that. But Dean and I weren’t ‘broken up’, we were never even together.” He hurries along, seeing Jack’s face drop and a frown forming between his brows, “But we are now. Dean and I, we’re together now,” he clarifies.
They break away, and Cas lets his gaze drop to Dean’s lips, ready to lean back in, when he’s stopped by Dean’s hand on his chest. His eyes flit back up, questioning the interruption.
He’s hesitant to enter, conscious that this is Dean’s private space, and whilst he might be allowed in for movie nights, entering without permission is a breach of trust, and Cas really doesn’t want to lose Dean’s trust. Besides, Dean wouldn’t want him to enter, Dean doesn’t need a babysitter, Dean would hate him for overstepping the line. It seems his mind has gotten better at taunting him.
They spend what little time is left of the morning no further than two feet apart. Breakfast sees Dean learning how to multitask, having to manage an angel wrapped around him from behind with bacon cooking in the pan. The bacon ends up burnt. Neither of them complain.
But it doesn’t matter now. Meeting the Winchesters has led to the best parts of his life, and he’s honoured that they’re still willing to accept him into their family after everything he’s done. The vial is still attached to the chain around Cas’s neck, and he realises for the first time that he’ll need to remove it. He grips the vial and lifts it out in front of him, then tugs it in hopes of separating it from the chain. It doesn’t work. Great, he thinks, another downside to becoming human. But he doesn’t let the thought discourage him. Summoning all the strength he can muster he pulls again. The chain breaks, the force sending it flying into the water in front of him.
Dean shifts across the bed and pats the space beside him. Oh, Cas realises, he wants me to lie beside him. So Cas obeys, and fills the space tentatively after removing his trenchcoat and folding it over the armchair.
“Dean, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about something.” He tries to approach the subject gently, aware of Dean’s tendency to think the worse the second someone wants to talk. Tact must have failed him, however, as the minute the words leave his mouth Dean’s entire demeanor shifts. It’s like Cas can see him putting his walls back up. His shoulders have tensed and his grip on the spoon has tightened, and Cas hates that he responds like this so automatically. He hates that Dean has been let down so many times that he’s come to expect it.
“So you’ll do it?” Dean questions, wanting to make sure the kid knew what he was getting in for, then cursing slightly as he remembers the immense power he now holds.
The nickname has the desired effect. “Sorry. I was just...processing.” He runs his fingers through Dean’s hair before continuing, “You’re sure this is what you want? To quit?”
Spirits lifted, Cas takes his chance before he changes his mind. Keeping the image of his family laughing and smiling at the forefront of his mind, he lifts his arm and propels it forward, releasing the vial mid-air.
Dean looks less concerned now, and his mouth turns upwards into a smile. “Don’t worry about it. I’d just rather you didn’t die on your first day being human.”
“Sure Sammy, s’long as you can get your words out,” Dean responds casually, a grin plastered across his face and betraying his pride at managing to tease his little brother. But Cas sees through it, even if Sam doesn’t. Dean’s scared.
Cas heaves a sigh of relief as he watches Dean retreat up the hill. It’s kind of ironic, he thinks, that the first time he was here, it was as an angel watching over Dean Winchester in his dreams. Now, however, the roles are almost reversed, with Dean standing over and watching him instead. He’s hit once again with a wave of happiness as he thinks about the life he’s chosen, about the future he can have with Dean. It’s the one decision he knows he’ll never regret, not even for a second.
In any other circumstance, Cas would smile and roll his eyes fondly. But this isn’t just any circumstance, and Cas wants Dean’s approval of his idea. “I think,” he starts, then re-evaluates his choice of words, “I’ve decided that I want to leave my grace in Lake Perry.”
But Dean isn't fully aware of to the extent his grace is dwindling, and something in Cas finally clicks. Dean heard him shout, voice strained with pain in the middle of the bunker. And for all he knew, something had happened to Cas, something so bad that it managed to make an angel fully loaded with grace cry out in pain.
Jack hums, considering his question. “It should be fine,” he decides, “as long as you stay away from his mouth; the grace will be coming out there.”
“Oh,” is all Jack says, still frowning, but looking far more confused than disappointed now. “So you weren’t in a relationship with Dean before you died? What about the mixtape he gave you, when I searched on the internet it told me that was something humans give to the person they love.”
“Mmmff,” says Dean, not quite adjusted yet to the distinct lack of Castiel in his personal space, “What’d you stop for?”
“Sure. As long as you’re ok,” smiles Dean, tight-lipped and evidently still full of concern for Cas. “But really, Lake Perry? What sort of significance does that have to anything? It’s just some lake that's like, what, a three hour drive from here?”
“Look, I’m not great with feelings. Actually, scratch that, I’m pretty shit at feelings, but when it comes to you, put it this way: I ain’t stupid. Would take a real fool not to realise that I,” he swallows and pushes onwards, “that my feelings for you passed friendship a loooong time ago. And I don’t mean like family, not that you aren’t family, it’s just, the way I feel about you is way different to how I feel about Sammy. Obviously, since he’s my brother, and you’re, well–”
When he finally pulls away they’re both gasping for breath, chuckling slightly at the state of themselves. Cas doesn’t remember ever feeling this happy. Recently, with Dean, he’s become aware of how much he admires humans, and sort of envies them too. But he’s getting there, albeit slowly.
The morning after the latest movie incident sees Cas and Dean sitting opposite each other at the kitchen table, Dean readily eating his bacon and eggs and Cas politely trying his too, not wanting Dean to think he doesn’t appreciate his efforts.
“Dean, I know what I want to do with my grace.” He speaks with his eyes fixed forwards, focussing on the road in front of him and trying not to worry about how Dean might react.
Dean touches his lips to Cas’s tentatively, and all Cas can think is that it isn’t at all like he imagined it. In the rare times he indulged himself and entertained the idea of kissing Dean, it was always rough and messy, teeth crashing into each other and the two of them struggling to catch a breath. Years of pent up emotions finally surfacing.
Because of this, he doesn’t see the way Dean’s body relaxes the second his eyes make out Cas in the dark room. He doesn’t see the way his shoulders sag in relief, the way his fists slowly unclench. Cas doesn’t see how quickly the fear in Dean’s eyes is replaced with an adoring gaze.
“Cas,” his voice breaks, the word sounding hoarse. He tries again, “Cas, what happened? I heard you shout and I thought...I thought...Are you ok?”
His unfinished request appears to fluster him, and Cas hurries to encourage him, planting a kiss on his nose. Dean flushes a deeper shade of red, but continues. “D’ya think you could maybe pickmeupandpinmeagainstthewall?”
They hear Jack draw a sharp inhale of breath across the line. “I miss you both too, and Sam,” he sounds forlorn but perks up momentarily to add “and Eileen” at the end.
Dean’s right, Cas has been finding more pleasure in food lately, a side effect of his lack of grace no doubt. He’s about to answer when Dean interrupts him.
Chuck pushed past Dean and grabbed Cas’s wrist, “He’s my son, I deserve to know where he’s been the last week!”
“Okay, Dean.” With Cas’s verbal consent, Dean started to slowly kiss him; both of them relaxing into the feeling.
When Dean didn’t say goodnight to her as well, Cas gently nudged Dean with his elbow. Affectionately rolling his eyes, Dean sighed, “Goodnight, Abby.” Cas happily hummed in response and fell asleep with a smile on his face.
Seething, Dean turned towards the girls who were climbing out of Jo's grey old Mustang, “Thanks, guys… really appreciated that.”
Thankfully, Cas carefully moved his hips and nodded, “Yes, Dean. Don’t stop.” Cas thought this would be painful but the feeling of Dean holding him and stretching him out with his hard cock was pure bliss.
Cas didn’t get very far; mostly because of his injuries. Dean noticed the slight limp in his walk and twinge in his back. He would do anything to be able to touch Cas and make him feel better. Dean didn’t want to hate Cas, he didn’t want to fight or be angry. He would give anything to be able to lay in bed together and read before giving Cas a slow back rub and fall asleep together.
“No big deal, just a few questions. You know anything about Allison McAdams?” Cas tried to keep it casual and not accusing.
Dean jumped at the opportunity to redeem himself, “I’ll come sit with you.” Gently placing a hand on Cas’s sweater covered back, Dean led him over to an empty table, leaving their brothers to talk without them.
Dean tried to get up but was stopped by Bobby and John each putting a firm hand on his each of his shoulders. Mary spoke sweetly to her eldest son, “He’ll be back. He loves you, honey.”
“No, just some plates.” Castiel placed the box on the kitchen table as Gabe turned to Alfie, Mike, and Luke, his friends, and roommates, who were sitting in the living room with him.
Dean quickly took long steps towards Cas, he put a steadying hand on his trembling shoulder, “I’m so sorry. Go home, I’ll stay here and help Ellen. Text me if you need anything.”
Dean and Cas had been dating for two months when Dean picked Cas up on a Saturday to spend the day together. First, they stopped at Sam’s to get some breakfast. Walking through the door, Dean kept his arm around Cas’s shoulders, not possessive but proud; not saying, “Mine, do not touch.” But rather, “Hell yeah, he’s my boyfriend. Look how goddamn lucky I am.”
Dean’s last bit of resolve crumbled as he stripped off his jacket and tried not to run towards the bed, “Fine but the second things don’t seem right, we’re stopping.”
They both took a deep breath together and continued to walk forward. When they sat down in the courtroom, as promised, Dean and Charlie sandwiched Cas in-between them and each held one of his hands. Everything is okay until they being Cain in; his muscular, tall body was dressed in orange and handcuffs. He didn’t look remorseful or anxious. He seemed fine, confident even.
Running to her bedside, Dean hugged her tight and tried to take a deep breath, “You really scared me, Mom. I love you so much.”
Once the bike was off again, Dean asked a question that wasn’t about death, “So, you’re good with bikes?”
For the rest of the week at school, Anna was glued to Charlie, Jo, Dean or Sam so it didn’t surprise Cas at all when Anna asked if Sam and Dean could hang out at their house Friday night. This had been a long, stressful week for Anna and Cas wanted her to be able to relax and have a fun night with one of her new friends so he gladly agreed to have them over.
And say yes he did, “Definitely! I mean… if I’m not intruding or anything.” Dean hoped he didn’t come off too eager in accepting Cas’s invitation.
When they did get to the Roadhouse, their waitress, Jo, sat them down at Dean’s usual table; a small comfortable booth in the corner of the diner. The comfortable seats were covered with a red cushion and the table was a solid, dark wooden table. They both ordered a beer and a double cheeseburger.
As they walk out to Cas’s car, Annie is hanging off Cas’s arm as he picked her up and swung her back and forth. He turned to Dean and asked, “Is Mathew’s good with you?”
“Nice to see you too, Hannah. Give me a hand. He went into cardiac arrest about six minutes ago.” Cas helped them quickly hook the patient up to a heart monitor and lift him onto the stretcher. Hannah straddled him and continued compressions as Cas and Miriam pushed the stretcher towards the ambulance.
That’s all it took for the walls to crumble. In a second, Cas had Dean back up against the wall, licking into his mouth with teeth and tongue.
Again, they came up empty-handed by midnight so they decided to pack it in for the night. The next day, the team was back in position when Cas made eye contact with the closest camera after strolling by one of the vacant, old ticket booths.
When they were seated in Dean’s car, Dean ran a stressed hand over his face, “Alright… we’re never going to catch him this way.”
Back in Cas’s room, Dean brushed his teeth with the toothbrush he started leaving at Cas’s, he washed his face and stole a pair of Cas’s boxers and a t-shirt that was a little big on him. Before getting into bed, Dean left a glass of water on Cas’s night stand with a bottle of aspirin and a note that said, ‘Annie has been fed and she’s happily sleeping. Drink some water and take the aspirin if you need it, there are leftovers in the fridge.’
When his father gets home at three, Cas finally manages to get a couple hours of sleep before his alarm blares at six.
Dean laughed again and gently pulled away from Cas, “Alright, cuddly. Let’s get back to bed.” They crawled back into bed together with Cas laying on his stomach and Dean on his side. Only this time, instead of not touching, Dean kept his hand on Cas’s back.
The second day he was in the hospital, Cas and Dean were alone. Knowing it was going to happen anyway, Cas asked Dean to help him shave the sides of his head, even though only one side would be operated on. When he was done, Dean kissed Cas, “I got to say, baby, you look pretty hot. You know, kind of punk rock.”
It was awkward for a few quiet seconds until Dean managed to get the words out, “Why don’t we both go? I can pick you up at seven?”
Dean softly caressed Cas’s hair and face, “You’re such a good boy.” When Cas moaned at the praise, he sent vibrations through Dean that only made the tightness in his stomach harder to push way, “Cas… I’m close. Please, don’t stop.”
They were all sitting in the living room, some on chairs or the couch, telling stories and drinking beer. Mary and Naomi were bonding over raising their sons and Chuck was sitting with Annie, telling her fun made-up stories.
Dean sat in silence for a minute before walking over to Cas and gently grabbing his forearm. Even though Cas pulled away from the soft touch, he thankfully didn’t walk away.
About a half hour later, Dean met Benny in front of the small diner. Dean got a bit taller and stronger in the last few years but Benny was still larger, enveloping Dean in a tight hug. Benny’s dark beard and shining eyes made Dean’s stomach get tied in knots, his southern accent did little to help the butterflies in Dean’s gut, “Hey, Benny.”
Mary and John were shocked by the news but everyone else was shocked that Dean didn’t tell them. But nobody looked as upset as Cas. Even when Mary smiled and hugged him, saying, “Oh, I’m sorry, he didn’t say anything. I’m glad you guys are happy!”
He was answered by incoherent mumbles but that was still a yes so Dean continued, “I love you so much… you’ve changed me in ways I didn’t think were possible and I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.”
Dean answered by grabbing a fist full of Cas’s hair and quickly snapping his hips forward, roughly thrusting into him, the reward of Cas’s beautiful moans fueling his need to go faster, “You’re so beautiful, Cas. God… look at you. So good for me, such a sweet boy.”
Hearing the smile in Dean’s voice, Cas answered, “We could go when the weather gets nicer if you wanted.”
Once Dean and Annie got home from school, Dean started pacing the living room while Cas and Annie relaxed on the couch. Cas rolled his eyes and nudged his daughter up, “Go hug dad and tell him to relax.”
Again, Cas shook his head. He was far too nervous to eat. He could catch this horrible person, he could stop innocent people from being murdered, he couldn’t take a break to eat.
“Oh, that’s nice, he’s a good kid.” Bobby looked up from his plate and made stern eye contact with Jo and Dean, “Right?”
Dean chuckled and quickly kissed Cas, “Sweetheart, if I said that was just okay… I’d be a goddamn liar.”
As Dean got his jacket to leave, Gabe silently mouthed, “Thank you.” And tossed Dean his house keys.
As promised, Dean knock’s on their front door a few minutes after six. To his dismay, it is Alfie who opened the door. Quickly recovering, Dean smiled, “Hey… Alfie, right?”
Cas spread Dean’s ass and covered Dean’s needy hole with his warm wet tongue, teasingly pushing it in and out of the ring of muscles.
At this point, the atmosphere was uncomfortable and tense so Cas decided being direct was the best option, “Dean and I are dating… we’ve been living together for months.”
Cas held out a hand, waving it in Gabe’s direction, “Don’t, I just stood up too fast. Seriously, I’m fine. Just help me up.”
Cas sighed and poured the cooked eggs onto a plate, “We just got into a fight. I just need to let him calm down then we’ll talk. Will you go wake up the princess?”
Cas turned around to face Dean, “Thanks… you know, we could go for a ride sometime. On one condition, you take me for a drive in that beast of a car.” Dean tried to ignore Cas's subtle fidgeting with the bike's keys.
Keeping his hands nervously folded on the table, Cas answered, “I live with my brother and his friends, they’re in the military. I was an art major in college then, I was diagnosed with brain cancer and I lost my vision. About two months ago I had another tumor removed.”
At the house, Dean opened the front door to an empty house; Mike, Luke, and Alfie must have been needed at work. Dean had to look everywhere until he found Abby sulking on Cas’s bed. Turning on the light, Dean gently pet her head and sat on the bed next to her, “Hey girly… I know, I’m worried about him too. Would you like to go see Cas?”
Instead of going back to his room, Cas got under Annie’s comforter with her; both of them in need of a cuddle. He placed a loving kiss on her forehead as she was already drifting back off to sleep, “It’s bedtime for little girls.”
Cas fidgeted more with his hands and seemed to withdraw even more, “I… um… look if you’re uncomfortable with that I can leave or not talk to you or—.”
Getting lost in the information that is tacked to the large corkboard in his office, Dean bitterly spat out, “I’ll be motivational when there isn’t some fucking killer running around.”
By the time Dean walked into the room, Cas had on sweatpants and a t-shirt but he was almost frantically digging through his duffle bag. He put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, turning him around to face him, “Baby, what’s wrong?”
Surprisingly, Dean yanked his hands out of Cas’s; his eyes turning violent instead of sad, “No. No, you don’t.”
Cas could see the multi-colored leaves fall to the ground, the different shades of orange and yellow littering his small front lawn. Looking at his right wrist, his black watch read: 7:10. It was getting late so Cas called down the hallway, “Honey, do you have your shoes on?”
Cas’s hesitation was obvious as he ran a hand through his disheveled hair, “No, I’m not.” Cas climbed out of the Impala and hopped on his bike before taking off towards the dark road. Dean quickly pulled out of the parking lot and followed Cas, at the distance Cas had told him a million times was safest.
He thought he could get back into the fight until his opponent grabbed his messy hair and slammed his head against the concrete floor over and over again.
It was approaching one in the morning when Dean drove back to the hospital, his blood still quickly pumped adrenaline through him. When he got there and approached the front desk, he was greeted by a very tired looking nurse, “Excuse me, I’m looking for Castiel Novak.”
Hearing Cas say his name sent a shiver down Dean’s spine. He tried to control the blush that spread up his neck as he thought about Cas groaning his name as he slammed into Dean over and over again. He thought about Cas’s strong hands gripping onto Dean’s hips as he fucked him until Dean was a sobbing and—.”
After Alfie stopped the bleeding, he checked Cas over again for any other injuries, “Are you sure you’re okay?”
Cas seemed taken back by the simple, friendly question as he faltered for a minute before answering, “It was fine, sir.”
With the next gust of wind, Dean could feel his tears drying on his freckle-covered cheeks. The pages of “Great Expectations” flipped until they abruptly stopped. When Dean looked down again, he was met with his favorite quote. Through the quiet, Dean whispered, “Thank you.”
Thankfully, Cas didn’t get upset by the comment. Instead, he smirked and pulled on his helmet before flipping up the eye guard, “Thanks, mom. I’ll get right on that.”
Dean rolled his eyes and dropped Zeke’s shirt, grabbed his picture, and led Cas back out to the Impala. What he didn’t notice was Cas’s situation growing in his pants because Dean moving Cas out of the way to protect him was hot... no other way to say it.
Cas and Anna walk towards the school, leaving the four other friends alone to give each other strange looks. Dean turned to Jo and shrugged, “I told you, Jo… he’s confusing.”
They carefully walked around downtown Lawrence, the early autumn sun shone down on them and even though Cas couldn’t see what was around him, he could feel the warm sun on his skin, he could smell the crisp air, and hear the stranger’s kind voices around him saying hello to Gabe and introducing themselves to Cas.
One foot in front of the other his thoughts roamed from Naomi begging Chuck to stop beating her to the soggy weather to seeing Gabe again back to his father being in jail for the rest of his life for murder to… Dean’s eyes? Surprisingly, that’s what Cas got stuck on as he walked the streets of his childhood; Dean’s bright green eyes. The life in them, the hope, the courage, the strength, and what crushed Cas the most, the pain. The pain that plagued Dean’s eyes when he talked about his father’s death or his mother’s drinking. Cas wanted to take that pain away, to make it stop. He couldn’t though; he couldn’t try to take his pain away because he would eventually make it worse… he always does.
