Pity spoon?
.” Sam adds, finally announcing his presence.
A smile spreads and Dean lifts the collar to his lips, turning until it’s between their faces. “Yeah, I liked it. I could get used to having you be–” He stops suddenly and his eyes widen a fraction. For a split second, there’s panic in their depths before Dean’s grin turns smug. “– Having you at my mercy.”
easier to shop for her. Castiel often waffles on what to buy people, and he wishes the others would be more outspoken about things they want.
Thought he says that, even Michael must know that there is no way Castiel can sleep now. He feels like he’s brimming with energy to the point that his hands are almost shaking. But he can’t waste Michael’s time by pestering him with endless questions. There will be time enough for that later. What he
“And you think
Fingers sink into his hair, pulling tight and sending lightning singing down his spine. Goosebumps spread across his skin. The moan he makes has Dean swearing again, and he rolls their hips together; the dresser bumping steadily against the wall.
has something to do, especially if he wants to keep his father happy.
fingers was amazing – two would almost be enough to make Castiel come. Obviously it’s not, because Dean is apparently under the impression that torturing him is a
. But he will roll onto his stomach to bury his face in the pillow and try to take a few minutes to calm down.
news.
Castiel doesn’t want to hear it. He turns on his heel and starts walking away. “I’m going to go take a long bath. You and your box of nightmares had better be gone when I come out.”
“It is a message from my grandfather.” Cas steeples his fingers in front of his face as he leans against the table. “He provided the coordinates, the signal to track, and an image of the satellite he released into the area during his last mission with the Enterprise.”
“Mmm.”
is that friend? He’s already under the impression that Castiel has had past partners, so does that carry over into him thinking that Castiel also had friends before him? It’s a normal thing to assume, despite how it would be wrong in this particular case.
“Cas?” Sam’s voice is coming from the end of his bed, but that’s still almost too far for Castiel to want to lift his head to see. “I got a text from Benny.”
With a wince, Castiel braces for Balthazar to plow into him too. Sure enough, it happens before he can manage to get his thoughts in order for a response of his own. Once he’s sure that they’re not going to knock him around anymore, he forms his answer.
Sam glances over his shoulder at them a few moments later and a bright smile fills his face. “Sup, guys?” He turns towards them and gestures with a spatula. “Did you sleep well?”
Castiel spends the rest of the ride up to their apartment smiling. He’s pleased with himself and happy with his brother too. This is certainly a change from his morose feelings of the day. Now that he’s managed to at least (hopefully) begin to change Gabriel’s opinion of Dean. If they manage to become civil to one another, perhaps their working relationship will be better and Gabriel won’t come home complaining so much anymore.
Castiel does as he’s told and sits carefully on the edge of the stool. “No boudoir shots? I’m disappointed.” He folds his hands in his lap and tries not to look like he wishes he was anywhere else but here. Talking will help distract him from thinking about how this is going to be a picture taken.
Maybe one day he’ll be able to go with them, but today is not that day.
, but I clearly didn’t go about it the right way. You chewed me and Sam out about our pact and it’s been dissolved. We’ve accepted this and I’ve apologized. Let’s move on. And, secondly, the party is a thing my apartment building is throwing.” She crosses her arms and glowers at him. “Those of us that wanted one pooled our money together to rent out
It comes as little surprise to anyone that the Winchesters have a crushing victory. Dean
“Of course not.” He rolls his eyes and leans across the seat to kiss him on the cheek. “I’m not going to let a
and as much as he dislikes the fang-fin, Castiel still welcomes the touch. He opens to it cautiously, allowing the mind of a stranger to join in a link with his own – though he makes sure that there are several barriers erected around his thoughts and emotions. It’s the only way he can protect himself now.
Castiel takes another bite to mull the question over for a moment. “I enjoyed that I had the freedom to do them as I pleased. Each of my courses were three months in length and I was given all my assignments at the beginning. I could complete them on my own time and it was mostly reading from the textbooks they shipped me, answering questions, or completely activities. Very few of my courses had actual essays or group assignments. It was nice.”
He tries to give Cas a reassuring smile, but it probably falls short. It’s not so much that he’s excited, but more like he’s still
“What? Running?” Castiel teases as a bus pulls up. He has no idea if it’s one they need or where it’s headed, but he gets on and flashes his bus pass regardless.
The moment Dean reaches for his face, Castiel automatically slaps his hand away. “Don’t you
The first thing Castiel does when they get back is gather pajama pants and towels. The hot water of the bath soothes his sore muscles, but his right shoulder objects a lot when washing his hair, forcing him to do it with just his left hand. He must have wrenched it fairly hard when he fell on it, and he grimaces at his reflection in the mirror when he’s drying off.
. Flirting has been – non-existent thus far. And, let’s not forget the important part; Cas apparently lives in
, a number of other games (both single and multiplayer), and almost seems embarrassed when he mentions that he does a lot of
A light blush dusts across Cas’s cheekbones and Dean watches his Adam’s apple bob with a swallow. “I see. And you – you wrote that all down?”
Miss.
Castiel looks down to find him looking up at him through sleep-lidded eyes. Dean looks so soft and comfortable. Clearly he no longer has any reservations about being physically close – like putting his head in Castiel’s lap. He’s done it a number of times now, though this is the first time he’s fallen asleep, and the first time that Castiel petted him. For over an hour and a half, no less!
Sam calls out after him. “You too!”
It’s been a while since he last felt this pleased with himself. Jess isn’t aware of it, but it feels like a massive weight has been lifted from his shoulders. Castiel had no idea it would feel this good to actually tell someone that he loves Dean. He feels so much better for it, and that was just after telling Jess. He can’t even imagine what would it be like if he actually managed to say it to Dean himself.
. And time isn’t really something he wants to be wasting right now. But it’s not like he really has any choice in this matter.
“It’s fine, Dean.” Castiel catches him by the front of his shirt and pulls him in just close enough for a quick peck on the lips. “I’m glad that you wanted to talk this through with me. Thank you for including me, and we’ll talk it through with Sam shortly. I’ll come join you as soon as I’m done.”
good time.
“I just – I got really angry about this situation with Sam because –” Dean pauses, and looks down at his coffee. His whole body slumps with a sigh. “Because you’re
“What did I say about pet names?” Castiel shakes his wing out before heading up the hall. “And of course I’m home. You just texted me.”
the same way that Dean does.
His next one is just a day away. He’ll have to spend all of tomorrow studying and he should probably do it at the library. It’s Sunday tomorrow and he’s fairly certain that Dean has the day off. Which means he’ll be
him. Dean’s hand is on his hip, holding him still and in place and this is insanity. None of his erogenous zones are actively been touched, but Castiel’s heart won’t stop beating out an intricate and altogether dangerous tempo against the cage of his ribs.
Castiel wants to distract himself from his studies with something as mundane as sex. And he’s definitely heard all of that before he moved across the country to live with Gabriel.
He barely manages to give her a ‘
we were going.” He pauses. “And how long you were hiring us for.”
Castiel considers making her wait longer for the hell of it, but he’s not
air around him while he chews the sausage and immediately moves on to a piece of bacon.
“You had me at shoulder rub.” With a laugh, he leans back into Castiel with the easy looseness that he’s been hoping for. It looks like Dean is relaxing more and more, and that’s the end goal of the night.
To their surprise, it swings open on its own and they all but fall into the apartment. Sam stands there with one hand on the door handle and his coat in the other. He looks partially amused and partially annoyed. “I guess it’s a good thing that I’m heading over to Jess’s place right now.”
you want?”
of kissing in their alone time, but that’s all they ever do. Granted, that’s mostly because of Castiel’s own cowardice. He’s still struggling to muster up the courage to do anything more. Sex is – the thought of it just makes him
Dean reaches out to mentally shoulder tap Sam, passing him the information Cas just gave him. At the same time, Cas singles out a group of bright-fin from the shell still floating around them.
There’s still sweat on the back of his neck and beading along his hairline. The late August heat is unforgiving and the inside of the shop looks cooler than out here – in more ways than one, it seems. Castiel is entranced by the artwork hanging on the walls the moment he steps through the door/ The majority of it looks hand drawn – like pages of a sketchbook torn out and carefully placed into frames. One wall is even completely covered in photographs of people displaying their various tattoos and assorted piercings.
wants, but if the colony decides against it, he can’t force them to allow the fang-fin to stay – no matter how much he wishes he could.
Castiel shuts the door and locks it. He straightens his shirt, squares his shoulders, and gathers every shred of courage he has in preparation for this conversation. Honestly, he has no idea how this is going to go, but he’ll be satisfied as long as he manages to tell Dean that nothing happened between them and that he has no plans to ever go on another date with Meg.
pants. Those all get tossed aside with the shirt, and then there are
move around while he was in the shower. There are things in Dean’s arms that he did not have before and they take his breath away. With obvious purpose, and without breaking eye contact, Dean slowly places the contents of his arms on the coffee table. First he lays out their coils of bondage rope. Next is the ball gag that they bought to celebrate their first Valentine’s Day together. Following that is their vibrator, and last but certainly not least, is Castiel’s collar.
Oh. That’s very different from what he was thinking. “I think that would be interesting.” Castiel breaks into a smile and Gabriel immediately ducks his head to return to the pan and pot he has on the stove. “I think you should do it.”
I have trouble with that sometimes, and I –”
that about me. And to my
are a blessing to this world (even if they’re a hideous bright yellow with a black stripe going down the side of the leg). They accentuate that ass
are floating here!”
He lingers in the doorway, a frown creasing his forehead. “I’ll be back with lunch in ten. You think you can keep from hurting yourself until then?”
Silence reigns in the kitchen for a few beats longer before Dean breaks it with a quiet cough. “We have – uh – another twenty minutes on the pie cooking. Do we wanna head into the dining room and play a game or two of
At that, Castiel can’t hold back a huff of laughter. He closes his eyes and rests his forehead against the back of Dean’s head. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Good question. Dean shrugs and runs a hand through his hair while he thinks about it.
The way he’s speaking – Castiel almost can’t believe what he’s hearing, what he’s
“I know.” He gives a hard tug at the rope around his wrists because he needs to get untied
?” Selfies with Dean and Sam are one thing. People he hardly knows is an entirely different matter and his heart is suddenly pounding violently in his chest.
“When it’s a dinner party, Cas.” Dean shakes his head and heads for the door, since no one took up his physical cue that it was time to leave. “Keep up.”
Castiel suspects that he can make a shot in the dark about this pending topic. “Is it about yesterday?”
After a long pause, Dean sighs and steps out of the way. “Fine, go ahead.”
He talks about it until Gabriel puts down his empty bowl and holds up his hand. “Alright, I get it.” His hands drops to Castiel’s shoulder and he smiles. “This isn’t much of a surprise. You’ve always been my special little brother.”
Dean pulls up the chat log and scrolls through it until he confirms that
It might just be his imagination, but Dean sounds really excited. That makes his already rapid pulse kick up a few more notches. Is he happy to be back? Is he happy to see him again? Castiel certainly is, though he’s not sure that’s going to come across when he’s on the verge of throwing up. His anxiety just won’t quit, but it’s too late to try and hide his wings. His only option is to grab the blanket off the couch to cover them and he’ll look like an idiot when Dean rounds the corner.
It should only be left at that one kiss, but when Dean pushes into it, Castiel can't resist giving more. He cups Dean's face in his hands and guides him to lay down again. Despite the soft quality of their kisses, each one feels like a breath of fresh air; like the desperate gasp of someone just saved from drowning. It's the first real sense of normalcy he's had in weeks and Castiel has no desire to stop any time soon. His body is a damn
Part of him wants to continue giving Gabriel sass, maybe in the form of an eye roll or two, but he can’t bring himself to do it. Castiel does exactly as he’s told and brings the games to the living room table. He specifically picked three that he’s never played before, because he does like to try new things. If these are any good, he might ask to borrow them when he leaves tonight so he can play it with Dean, Sam, and Jess. They would like that.
.” Anna chimes in. Knowing her, she probably is.
on his knees before him, eyes hooded and smoky. There’s a collar around his neck and the leash is in Castiel’s hand. Oh, but he likes that. He
Castiel lifts his head, his curiosity getting the better of him. All he manages to catch a glimpse of is one of the words at the top of the page;
too fast right now.
. He will. He absolutely will. And to live up that want – the
Once he’s had a good look, Sam turns around again to shoot a glare at Dean. “Could you keep it in your pants for my birthday?
“If that’s what you want to do, I guess we could go.” He shrugs and gestures around at their bags. “Do you want to take that up with you? If you’re not putting up your tents and setting up your sleeping areas to lighten your packs, then I would if I were you.”
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Castiel, John Winchester
Dean gasps and gets up so he’s kneeling on his chair. “Really? I
Sam digs right into his pancakes and eats a total of three of them before he looks up at Castiel and broaches one of the subjects that he wants to avoid entirely. “Are you going to do the voluntary withdrawals for your summer courses today? The deadline to do that is coming up to do that.”
“Because I love you too, obviously.”
“Dean. Dean, please.
at the park yet. “It’s too far for Jack to walk. He’s
?” That’s a bit surprising, given that he’s sat through the half-hour long tag-team rant the Winchesters have regarding their feelings towards the ending of the series.
The amount of days is and always will be ridiculous.
Dean curls his fingers slightly and sucks in a sharp breath. He exhales it around one quiet “
Dean grins brightly and he manoeuvres Castiel to twist at the hips just slightly. It’s not entirely comfortable, but he doesn’t imagine that this is going to take very long. He’s still on his side, mostly, which keeps the weight off the joints of his wings. His legs can’t be lifted very far, but it should be enough for Dean, hopefully.
Charlie rolls her eyes at him, but still thumbs through the bills just to make sure he’s not bullshitting her. For how long they’ve worked the here together, you’d think she’d trust him now. But they’ve got an inspection by the owner in the morning and that’s the only reason she scheduled herself on shift now; to make sure that everything is fucking
But he doesn’t. Dean doesn’t want to do something that would upset Cas. Or worse yet, something that would mean that he wouldn’t get to see Cas again.
at something like a simple touch of fingers.
“Yes, thank you.” Though he’s not too sure about that. But he’s pushing his boundaries and that’s a good thing. Sticking to his resolution. “I know you said you’re going to woo me tonight, but I want to pay for dinner. I want to woo you right back.”
“Just. Go.” Castiel snatches his three bolos when they’re offered to him.
Castiel rolls his eyes, but does as he’s told. Normal clothing is significantly less excited, but no less intriguing. Since he’s curious about where the rest of the afternoon and evening will take them, he cleans up in the bathroom as quickly as he possibly can while still getting effectively clean. He didn’t expect much to change by the time he changes and comes out of the bedroom fully dressed. In all honesty, he had expected Dean to join him in the shower and is only slightly disappointed that he didn’t.
He nods once, head bobbing quickly. “For STIs and all that shit. I’m still going to go out with friends and I’m still going to hook up at the bar whenever I feel like it.” A blade composed entirely of a tight misery slices through Castiel’s chest to lodge itself between his ribs, but he holds his tongue and does his best not to show a reaction as Dean continues. “This thing between us is just going to be casual, so you can still go out and have a good fuck with someone else too. Got it?”
“Great, thanks.” Dean lifts his head to throw him a smile before glancing out at the rest of the office. Everyone quickly looks away. After a moment, he raises his voice so everyone knows they’re
“I’m still mad.”
It’s not going to change that what happened that Friday night was just one big mistake of more reasons than one, and it’s time that Dean knows why. Castiel leaves the sandwiches and turns in Dean’s arms to face him, looping his arms around his shoulders. This is a much better position to talk in.
Thankfully, he isn’t still holding the fork out to Dean. But he
? And not just him. That was a picture of
in Cas’s voice and he sits up a little straighter, actually looking at Dean this time. “I – I suppose I should have disclosed this during the roommate interview, but I –” He slumps again with a sigh. “It’s the reason my marriage didn’t work out.”
to be there for every single one of them.
him. In his opinion, it’s far too soon for Castiel to lose his control. But it happens regardless of what he wants. The heat inside of him builds up into a pressure too strong to contain. It rocks through him and he chokes a sound against Dean’s ear. His orgasm snuck up on him and Dean drew it out of him expertly.
shows him up at every possible turn. If Dean does a cartwheel,
Castiel is
and definitely one of the best – if not
. It had caught his eye, but it wasn’t until he saw the sign in the window that says ‘
Why in the world, after everything that was just said and done between them, would Dean be
at that.”
The moment Lucifer speaks, Castiel knows that he has doubts. The skepticism surrounds each word.
“Don’t even get me started on the kind of
they’ve both calmed down. Nothing can really be solved when emotions are running high. Castiel has learned that from pretty much every book he’s ever read. Bad things happen when people fight with their anger running on high. But Dean has been in many relationships and he has far more experience in these matters than Castiel does. He doubts that Dean would appreciate it if he made that kind of suggestion.
His wings twitch hard beneath the towel and his next breath is a little rougher than intended.
He throws his arms up and flips onto his back so he can float while Sam works.
That stings his pride every time he thinks of it. But at least it’s not
Dean doesn’t even look up from where he’s spread out on his bed, laptop balanced on his chest. He does, however, start humming Justin Bieber’s ‘
hate him now? It makes Castiel’s stomach turn to even consider that they might never message him. There’s always the possibility that they
“Shall we go?”
should have taken the day off from classes. This is far too distracting for him to actually learn anything. If he even
It kinda sucks that he only has the balls to say anything about it when Cas might potentially not remember what happened during his day as a dog.
“It’s fine.” A smile comes to his lips and Castiel leans back on his hands. Dean hasn’t started stripping yet, so Castiel takes the moment to look around the room and see if there’s anything new since the last time he was in here. “However, you do owe me for the hour long rant I was subjected to while Sam complained about your sex life.”
Newbie whistles a long, impressed note as he pulls out his own bear canister and a bottle of water. “Damn, that’s awesome. This is my first time hiking.”
Dean shrugs and rolls his shoulders, stretching as he leans back against the armrest. “Alright, I’m good with that. But I’ve got a high sexual appetite and with you being available and all, I won’t have to hold back until I have to go to the bar. You think you can keep up?”
Her frown breaks a second later into a bright smile, proving that she’s just being teasing. She’s not the only one either. Castiel may have wanted to point that out, but he was also joking with them in his own way. He’s fully aware that if it wasn’t for his connection with Dean, Jess and Sam would likely have never talked to him with the intent of befriending him. It would have been kept to school work and joint projects, should they have been placed together.
Castiel really didn’t see the problem with it, but if it upsets Dean then he’ll make the effort for him. The same as Dean made the effort to read more. Now they spend an equal amount of time reading on the couch together as they do watching TV. All they needed was a little communication and everything turned out just fine. But that’s only one situation out of a handful of others.
All three of them turn to him, waiting and expectant. Castiel hesitates at first before sighing and picking up the remaining shot. “Fine. But this is my
Dean’s grin grows even wider. “You don’t know, do you?”
Sam nods in agreement. “And we’re a weird kind of law enforcement with the whole
.” Castiel’s voice scrapes through his throat when he speaks. Talking only drains him and it’s just getting to be too difficult to do now. He can’t hold himself up anymore and he leans forward to rest his head against the wall.
would get him off almost faster than direct stimulation to his dick – which is currently deliciously trapped between their bellies. It’s like a straight shot of
He asks softly, like he’s afraid of the answer he’s going to get. Castiel nods and Dean visibly swallows before he continues.
Cas softens slightly and the corner of his lips lifts in a half-smile. “Of course. I was worried something might happen to you.” And then his smile falls and his eyebrows come together. “But then I got distracted when one of the shifters made a move on someone else. The next time I looked, you were gone and so was one of the shifters and I just
Dean muffles a laugh into Cas’s hair. “When have you
“God, Mom,
Castiel starts in surprise when hands slide up along his chest. The push under his shirt and around to his back, urging him to lean just that little bit forward. It’s getting difficult to keep his hips moving, but he keeps grinds as best he can, he as Dean fixes a mouth to one of his nipples and starts sucking. Teeth catch around it, tugging lightly and drawing a sharp sound of surprise out of him. Castiel shudders violently at the feeling and arches his chest to push into it, seeking for more.
want to be filled up. It’s definitely in the top three best things that he likes about sex and why he’s more likely to take the bottom role when he and Dean do things together. That aside, he’s honestly not sure if he’s going to be able to take both Dean
As for the rest, Castiel won’t know how badly he’s been bruised or how much of his adipose fans or webbing has been ripped until he actually sits up to take a look at it. But that means he’ll need to move and open his eyes – which means that he’ll also have to look at whoever else is here too. They must know by now that he’s awake.
Dean’s grin has softened considerably. He pulls the collar of his shirt down enough to reveal a slightly faded
slick and slippery. Your oil can’t be that different.”
On the plus side, if Sam isn’t home, it means that Castiel and Dean are able to cuddle on the couch. They do that quite often, in fact. Hugging Dean recharges him. It makes the long days and many hours melt away. Those moments are what Castiel looks forward to the most during the day. It’s what he works so hard to have, even if they never lead to anything. He doesn’t mind when it leans to kissing, or anything involving heavy petting or oral sex. Those are things that Dean seems to need and Castiel is always more than happy to oblige.
it, let alone have my soulmate singing it in my head.”
boring here. Castiel has his health, his family, his colony, and plenty of food for everyone. Things are peaceful and he should be satisfied with that. And he
witches. There was a grand total of
, okay? I just –” Dean turns to face him fully, twisting to bring a leg up on the couch. “I want to know
bubbles up deep in his grace and he stumbles as he follows the Winchesters down closer to the water.
on Dean? That’s just – No, wait. That feels vaguely familiar actually, now that he thinks about it. He can remember something solid and warm against his side. Was that Dean? It must have been. If only he could remember
His mood plummets with every step to the car and every block they pass on the drive home. Dean doesn’t say anything between when they leave the store and when they finally walk into the apartment. In fact, he doesn’t even say anything then, and neither does Castiel. He doesn’t know what to say. All his words have left him, along with most of his enthusiasm for this night. Which is why he immediately heads for the bathroom.
When Sam bangs on the door a few hours later, Cas jumps off the bed with a bark. It’s not the same as his happy little
Sam takes the bottle back out with him. The little balcony barely fits the set of wicker chairs and table in between the ridiculous amount of plants Cas has out here. The entire railing of the balcony has flower planters hanging off of it on both sides
did not agree with the wall quite so much. But when they have a time limit like a few hours, they don’t get to everything that makes private time with Dean as enjoyable as Castiel has come to find it. What he loves more than the orgasms is the long stretches of kissing before sex and afterwards; the cuddling and the soft touches and those treasured moments of intimacy.
So does he. Castiel sighs and knuckles at his eye, trying to keep back the tears that are still a very real threat. “A lot has happened to me since I moved out here, maman. I’ve grown a lot; emotionally, mentally, personally, and –”
To his surprise, Dean actually sticks his tongue out at him. In a fit of impulsiveness, Castiel responds in kind before turning away to get the utensils. A startled laugh follows him out of the kitchen as he goes to set the table. Once in the other room, he takes a moment to himself to breathe. While a bundle of nerves still vibrates somewhere in his chest, it’s not nearly as bad as yesterday. The more he talks with them, the less he finds himself afraid of them.
Interesting. Castiel files that little bit of information away and searches through his collection for something else that Dean might like. He pulls out another Vonnegut book;
Did Dean just confess to having worn women’s underwear? Whether Castiel wants it to or not, a mental image starts forming; Dean in a matching set of panties and bra, his scars on full display. Well, actually, he probably wouldn’t have had most of his scars that early on in his career. But still! Now that the idea has been planted in his head, Castiel can’t make himself
Maybe spending more time with them right now isn’t such a good idea after all. And yet, that isn’t enough to stop him.
The door to the guest room is open. Sam always sleeps with the door shut and Castiel frowns, taking a step closer to peek inside. His heart suddenly drops from his chest to his feet. The sheets have been stripped from the bed and are bundled in the hamper next to the door. The blanket is folded neatly at the end of the bare mattress with naked pillows stacked on top of it. Sam’s duffle bag – or anything to prove that he was ever there – is nowhere to be seen.
Aunt Amara has her elbows on the table, glass of wine in hand. “Is this as weird for everyone else as it is for me?”
good thing that he made this choice because Castiel has to bite his knuckles to keep from making a noise in the stall where he took refuge.
“He deserves it. He’ll flirt with anything that moves.”
His book makes for a good distraction on the way down to the car. He could continue reading while they’re driving, but that seems like the ideal time that Dean would start the conversation that they need to have. It doesn’t start right away, but Castiel didn’t expect it to. Knowing that their feelings are mutual has, however, emboldened him somewhat. He puts his hand on the seat between them, palm up, and hopes that Dean will get the message.
avoiding him, then why is he leaving? This isn’t making any sense to him. Part of him wants to go with Dean, but he also wants to stay here and think things through. He might thinking more clearly when he’s truly alone. Without Dean around to be a distraction, Castiel might be able to figure something out that would brighten both their moods. If they stayed together to go shopping, the awkwardness would just continue. It’s not like Dean will actually
Embarrassment floods the kin-connection and Sam rolls onto his stomach to tuck his face into his arms.
feel bad for it, but there's really nothing he can do about it. He tried to talk them out of it, but they all insisted.
When Dean angles his hips forward, Castiel can feel the hard line of him against his ass. That light press has his heart already fluttering in his chest; nerves and anticipation building because that’s going to be
All three of them shut up and turn to look at Cas as he lets a little bit of guilt tinge the kin-connection. He rubs a hand over the back of his neck and all of his flexy fins fold flat.
Castiel smothers a smile and leans against the sink. “Yes, I’m sorry. It’s been an eventful hour since I sent that message and I forgot. Can you forgive me?”
feels better than Dean imagined it would.
“Cas!”
Technically, Castiel shouldn’t have used his access to look into Dean’s record or previous patients. But he did, and if all goes well, he’s going to show it to Dean tonight.
“It is good.” Cas stands up and turns to him. Shadow jumps to the floor and starts to explore the room. “Thank you. I will enjoy having her around. However, there is something that I feel the need to clear up between us.”
“I’ll check.” Sam disappears into the kitchen again. Drawers and cupboards open and close for a few minutes before he shows up with a straw, still in its wrapping. In all honesty, it’s probably a long forgotten take-out straw that Bobby never ended up using once upon a time.
.” Dean groans quietly. “Now
“Yey!” Gabriel claps excitedly and takes a moment to hug him. “You’re the
“But I don’t want everything to always be about me.” Dean’s frown is audible in his voice, even though Castiel is adamantly not looking at him.
needs to put a stop to this right now or there is going to be a serious issue making itself known in his nether region.
“That’s incorrect.” Castiel glances over his shoulder, carefully making sure not to look at anything except Dean’s face. “He woke
you!” She’s much quieter now, but no less frantic sounding. “If you want to come study tonight, you absolutely can.”
“Yeah, that too. Sure.” Dean flaps a hand and heads down the stairs to the landing where he drops his bag. “Hey, Sammy. Can you get the airbrushing kit and finish loading up? Oh, and Cas, do you still have your ID?”
something. Anything. Castiel doesn’t care. He just wants some kind of reaction so he can know just how badly he messed everything up by being stupid and selfish. But all Dean is doing is staring and Castiel just knows that he’s ruined something – probably
And he really does. Dean works so hard at everything he does not just for him, but for Sam too. Castiel wants him to be able to afford buying the things that he wants without having to pinch pennies for months just so he could get it. He wants to give Dean anything and everything he desires, but that’s not something he can do right now. Not when his savings are being dwindled by the costs his scholarships don’t cover and everything he makes at the café goes towards rent, his bills, and a little bit of pocket change that
Castiel lowers his head to look at the ground and hide more of his face. “I did.”
Dean rushes forward, ducking around the both of them to get into the kitchen. Anna winks and Castiel just barely refrains from rolling his eyes at the whole thing. He had almost forgotten how those two bickered when the Winchesters were here last.
To stress his point, Dean gestures around at the literal
For his own sake, he’s done his best to
at him; batting her eyes as if that’s ever worked for her before. “I
“Change for what?” She looks after him with a confused frown as he heads out of the kitchen. “Why do you need change for a – what is it?”
It’s still
Castiel raises an eyebrow at that. “Is that so?”
Of course, they wouldn’t actually be fighting each other seriously. But if Dean was fake-fighting with Cas, then he’d have a better excuse for why he’s not killing any bright-fin. Cas has one heck of a reputation for avoiding death just as much as Dean has one for causing it. And he has a history of failing to kill Cas because he’s one slippery swimmer. Mother-sea, but he’s so fucking
While they might be justified in their reactions (God knows he would be fairly mortified himself if he walked in on Anna making out with someone in his kitchen), Castiel is just a
But then Dean starts talking again and Castiel is cruelly reminded of reality. “I’ve been with guys who don’t like their nipples played with, and I’ve been with guys who don’t like having their asses touched.”
make a very good Sloppy Joe.”
and he’s not too sure about what or why he should feel any sort of hope from that. And either way, he shouldn’t be feeling it to start with.
. It’s good to know that Castiel’s surprise is apparently acceptable. He hasn’t heard any disagreements yet, so he must be on the right track. The most difficult thing from this point onwards will be to keep his hands to himself. Oh God. This is going to be impossible. They’re both still fully clothed, but Dean is flushed and he looks so very
it, Dean.” Cas steps in again, bringing them almost chest to chest unless Dean wants to start backing away down the single step behind him. His voice drops into a quiet rumble of a whisper that does
Dean presses his thumb over Castiel’s lips to keep him from talking. “No buts. It’s like you said, Cas, this is new and scary. You don’t want either of us to get hurt and that’s sweet of you, so we’ll have to figure this out slowly.”
Yes, going out in public causes him some stress, but Castiel is more or less used to the anxiety that comes with a trip to the grocery store or the cemetery. Sometimes he craves those trips just for a chance to see other people, or at least to get out of the house and stretch his legs in a different location. And none of that is possible during the molt. He won’t even be able to go visit his parents’ graves.
conversation of the day with Dean and Castiel can’t stop smiling.
that they’re gone now, but all he feels is sadness. He shouldn’t feel like something is
The doorbell chimes – and yes, their apartment door has a
“Hey, Einstein.” Dean laughs and taps Castiel on the back of the head, breaking him out of his studying reverie. “Time to go, smart stuff. Pack ‘er up.”
Jess stares at Sam for a heartbeat before she reaches forward to shove him in the shoulder. He sways backwards as she covers her face with her degree. She’s laughing and smiling, but Castiel is in the first row and he can see the tears already streaking down her cheeks. They’re obviously happy tears and it’s so hard to hold back some of his own. When Jess lowers her degree to look over it, she finds Sam holding a ring box open to her.
Before Castiel can even get up to greet him, Dean disappears down the hall. He returns a minute later, outfit changed from the more relaxed fit he had put on this morning. Instead of his band-tee and plaid shirt, Dean is wearing a soft gray Henley that accentuates his shape quiet well. He’s wearing his nice jeans now – the ones that have been spared oil stains and holes in the knees.
Michael pulls back from the hug and uses a gentle touch to Castiel’s jaw to make him look him in the eye again.
while Sam clears space on the table by taking the empty plates away. Anna takes the rest of the presents and moves them to the coffee table.
As much as he hates to admit it or even
And then week three hits and the first petals come up. They're a bright, brilliant blue and slimy with bile; long and tapering from thin to a wider, heart shaped end. Dean's first instinct is to hide them from Sam because he doesn't want him to worry, but it's hard when Sam is intent on documenting everything for when they finally go to an actual doctor.
When he doesn’t respond, Dean glances back at him. He shrugs again and reaches up to run a nervous hand through his hair. “Just – I dunno. Maybe that’s a thing that you might want to know?”
Dean’s breathing hitches and, for the briefest of moments, he goes very still. Castiel smiles, and he can’t help but wonder if he forgot that they’ve said it once before. The arm over his waist tightens, bringing their bodies that little bit closer. Dean presses his face into Castiel’s chest and mumbles something unintelligible into his skin.
Castiel winces when he thinks of how she’s going to take to the fact that he’s been imprisoned by his own Council. Hopefully her garrison won’t be coming near the trench during the next rotation. As much as he loves his sister, he doesn’t want to have to listen to her lectures on top of the ones he knows he’s going to be getting soon. There’s no doubt in his mind that Michael and Lucifer will be making appearances in time, and they’re
his hair.
despite it only being mid-afternoon. “He’s been protecting Lawrence from evil for nearly ten years and you
confused too because what the fuck?
Give or take a few fin-kin, probably.
“Can we rest for a little while, Dean?” He mumbles the words directly against his skin and runs his hands across his chest, finding where they fit best. “Please?”
. Castiel groans and pushes his face harder into the pillow. Maybe if he keeps doing that, he can suffocate himself and avoid this whole day.
, but Dean’s hand is preventing it and this is what’s going to kill him. As happy as he is by that, meaning that they’ll continue being connected and everything will feel good and amazing forever, he still wants to come and he’s prepared to complain, but all that comes out is a ‘
. As much as he tries to keep quiet, it’s only a matter of seconds before his laughter is ringing in the room.
The embers of his arousal haven’t cooled completely and it doesn’t take long for the kisses to fan them back into a flame. Castiel pushes into them, shuffling Dean back against the wall. He’s not doing anything beyond the kisses and there are
of it.
He repeats it in an unending mantra because it is
Anna completes his thoughts with ones of her own. They’re thin and barely there, as if she can hardly believe it herself.
The war is over now, right? So, why doesn’t Dean feel as happy about that as he should be?
in his belly.
That carries them through until Sam’s phone rings. “Sorry, Cas. It’s one of the guys I’m going with. I’ll just be a minute.”
leaves the trench unless absolutely necessary, and thus far there hasn’t been anything remotely close to that.
“Don‘t tell your cousin to shut up.” Aunt Amara taps the back of his hand with the back of her fork.
tempting, he can’t stand the idea of leaving the two of them on their own like this – especially when it’s more or less his fault for bringing up the conversation that caused the nightmare in the first place.
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to wrinkle his nose. “I believe the term to use right now is
Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose briefly as she drops to her knees to dig out the pajama gifts from the rest of the pile – much larger than previous years.  It’s fairly easy to tell which ones contain the pajamas. They’re the only ones marked by name as who they’re from. Everything else is from Santa – even if he technically wouldn’t have come already.
Her thoughts flickering into a wry amusement.
“That’s beside the point.”
Good enough! That’s basically a victory in Dean’s opinion. As long as Sam puts his name into at least
“Where’re -
. Jesus Christ, he’s
“But you wouldn’t be able to do that because I’m stronger than you.” He shrugs and responds to some of the questions in his chat.
“The wand told me I was the chosen one when I was a teenager.” He shrugs and holds up his sword, because apparently that’s actually a wand and
Castiel tries to distract himself with chopping the vegetables, but his mind won’t shut up. It keeps reminding him that they’re
“What?” Dean’s expression falls into disappointment.
“Come sit with me, Dean.” He drops onto the couch and pats the seat next to him.
a better chance at surviving the battlefield. He can only hope that in his own absence someone has managed to carry on with his work and that no one he knows – no one he
Water pushes through his gills in a slow sigh and makes the sides of his neck tingle.
at him again before he leaves for class. That makes the bubble in his belly swell with worry, but Castiel does his best not to dwell on it. There’s a very small part of himself that he forces himself to ignore because it feels a lot like
. Castiel imagines that John having another son probably hurts the worst.
with his drinks!”
bedroom. Castiel likes having a desk he can use behind closed doors rather than the kitchen table as he’s been doing since he moved in. A shared space like the kitchen is sometimes not the best place to study. Sam and Dean did do their best not to disturb him, but sometimes there was nothing they could do about it.
The stew is honestly one of the best things Castiel has had the pleasure of eating. It’s seasoned to perfection and very hearty; full of vegetables and chunks of potato. And the bread is fantastic. It’s crust is crunchy and the dough dense; absorbing the flavour of the stew when he dunks pieces into the broth. Half the meal is enjoyed with his eyes closed as he savours every spoonful.
While that would normally seem right, that just gives them another area to pinpoint and cluster their shots on. Having to change their aim for each shot would be better.
Fuck, Dean does
“Nah, I’m making burgers.” Dean shakes his head, sending little droplets flying from his still drying hair. He doesn’t seem to mind and even yawns as he scratches his belly. “Have fun, Sammy.” His wave is limp as he shuffles into the kitchen, clearly not as awake as his shower should have made him.
“Then yer gonna.”
That's when the realization hits him. Dean turns around and calls out his echoes, searching the immediate area for reddish glow. Sure enough, they're not where they're supposed to be. It takes Dean longer than it should to find them in the mess of blood and fighting fin-kin scattered across the field. They're leagues away, being dragged in the direction of the bright-fin territory by two very uninjured and very fast comrades.
“Holy shit.” He exhales the curse softly when they pull apart. “You’re moving here.”
” Dean sniffs. “
break up? Is Castiel capable of hiding his delight if they are? If Dean is upset about it, of course he’ll be upset too.
Sam pulls up right in front of the door and Castiel locks the front door behind him. He practically bounces his way over the short distance until he can get into the passenger seat. The car has that
“Haul it out and let’s confirm that, huh?”
That old, familiar anger is never too far and it starts bubbling up again.
“It’s nap time, Cas.” Dean flashes him with a bright smile as he shimmies out of his own clothes. “The sex was great, the food was good, and now we deserve a goddamn nap.”
An embarrassed edge takes to his thoughts and Dean shifts slightly, though he doesn’t look at Castiel.
, and in the face of that, his anxieties about this moment are almost fully gone.
. The only thing keeping him from having a mild panic attack about the level of scrutiny his most private of pieces is receiving is the way Cas is looking at it. He’s never been one to show all his emotions on his face, but Dean has spent a year learning them. In that time, he’s come to recognize the little twitches and things that others show more obviously.
.” Anna sighs loudly from where she’s sitting at the bottom of the stairs that lead up from the foyer to the main floor of his house. Her elbows are resting on her knees, blocking in the bouquet of flowers across her lap. “Can we go yet?”
he likes the idea of being called
Jess takes a few minutes more, but when she does answer it’s nothing but exclamation points and emoticons that look like party favours exploding with streamers and confetti. Castiel takes this to mean good things and he sends them both them all the same response.
“I think she’s only been thinking about it because we’ve been marathoning
Sam sighs and runs a finger down the bird’s back. “He’s either a crow or a raven, and he – unsurprisingly – doesn’t like to fly.”
Everything changes the moment Dean clips an actual
to another group named
Immediately, Dean’s moan turns into a growl of disapproval. Castiel suppresses a shiver and grins into the kiss. He likes it when Dean gets demanding, even when he doesn’t use words. But that doesn’t mean he’s going to listen to him. Instead of moving his hand, Castiel moves his head and kisses his way from his mouth to Dean’s ear.
“I don’t think
“I –” He stops and tilts his head, suddenly distracted by the deep scar running over Dean’s left shoulder. “How do you do your back?”
– like that.
“I suppose I could sleep.” Castiel stretches out under the blanket, waiting for Dean to join him. “I make no promises, but I’ll stay with you if you want.”
With the new feathers coming in and making his wings itchy, his wings end up shuffling a lot whether he wants them to or not. It’s a subconscious thing and would take a
He isn’t expecting to hear good things.
of the A Little Patience storyline.
.” With his hands cupping his cheeks, Castiel gently forces him to turn his head and actually
In his mind, when Castiel is grabbing handfuls of couch cushions and pushing up onto his toes to gain some kind of balance, his wings are arching to the ceiling as Dean works him open with careful fingers. His breath is hot on his back and his free hand is pushing deep into the down of his wings, gently kneading at his oil glands because – for some god-forsaken reason – it feels
. If you refer to my friends like that again, I’m going to –”
Dean may or may not be a little disappointed by that, but he doesn’t let it show.
“I haven’t looked at them yet.” He picks up the envelope and immediately Jess and Sam are leaning over his shoulders. Castiel can’t stop from grinning at the both of them. “Should I open it?”
was his first date.” She huffs, but there’s a grin on her lips when she turns to Castiel. “And I’m just here to enjoy the show.”
To his credit, Sam seems sufficiently cowed. He’s slumped almost fully out of sight in his seat and staring morosely out the window, same as he has for the last half an hour. They have travelled a total of two miles in thirty-minutes and Dean is probably ten minutes away from getting a shotgun out of the trunk and trying to
With a sigh, Castiel starts to push himself up. Almost immediately, Dean reaches out to stop him. “Relax, Cas. I’ve got this.”
Appreciation tickles through the kin-connection as Dean twists sharply to smack Abaddon with the end of his tail.
Or – and this is thinking well outside of the box they’ve constructed for themselves –
any louder?”
Move? Move where? To his room? To the floor? Back to the couch? There are so many possibilities and Castiel can’t even voice one of them – if only because he’s too busy being unhappy about how Dean has taken his hand back. It was only one finger, but Castiel still feels empty. He wants
Well, that's an easy enough answer, is it not?
Castiel jerks awake with a snort and the flap of wings. He twists upright and blinks around his dark bedroom, his brain sluggish with trying to figure out what woke him. The pale back-light of his alarm clock shows that it’s after two o’clock in the morning and he’s been solidly asleep for nearly five hours.
Lycan would certainly explain why his sire was alone and trying to form a pack of his own. He likely was laughed out of his own pack, same as Dean.
Dean’s soul dims slightly and he shifts up onto his knees. “No, no, no. Don’t look like that!” He holds his hands up as if he were trying to soothe some kind of wild beast. “I really
for the rest of this…”
That sting in his nose grows worse and Castiel blinks rapidly to fight back against the tears; his throat closing up.
“Consider it upping the anticipation.” Dean drops an unexpected kiss to his lips before taking his hand. “Now just follow the sultry sound of my voice to the best anniversary you’ve ever hard.”
That earns Castiel a narrow-eyed frown. "No, Cas. That didn't occur to me
It wouldn’t be surprising. Gabriel shares little of himself with anyone, let alone with co-workers he can hardly stand.
“And what about Dean?” Amusement dances along her tone and Castiel frowns at it.
“Okay, but when does the restaurant close?”
look at me so much?” It feels so weird to ask that, but having so much attention focused on him is making him feel light headed – and not in a good way.
“Ask me nicely, and maybe I’ll do it.”
It takes a few minutes before he manages to start to relax under that steady, gentle touch. And that’s about when Dean decides to drop a bit of a bomb on him.
away, because what if they’re all hanging around right at the entrance? This requires some
Castiel squints at first the coffee, then at Dean. “Why are you such a morning person? I hate it.” He grumbles before bringing it to his lips and
. Castiel can’t resist reaching back and sliding his fingers into Dean’s hair to keep him in place. As if detached from his mind, his body moves on its own. It knows just what to do to arouse Dean. In this case, Castiel’s back arches and his hips roll back against Dean. On the bright side, Dean’s breathing hitches again – a sharp intake against the knobs of his spine.
That’s actually a very good question. What
just look like he’s just leaning more to that side of his chair than the other, but really it’s all about Dean. It is taking
“Just one date, Cassie!” He’s starting to beg and it’s getting annoying. “What’s it going to hurt?”
dad? Sweet.
– Cas actually curls his fingers around Dean’s to hold his hand in return. He looks up and there’s a smile on his lips that looks like it could be shy, but it’s definitely bordering on sly. There’s something going on behind those eyes and Dean would kill to find out what – if he did that kind of shit anymore, that is.
answer, it will be playing right into Gabriel’s hands and only God knows where that would lead. This is a lose-lose situation and Castiel doesn’t like it, but one of them is the lesser of two evils.
.” Oh but what he wouldn’t give to have a camera in his hands right now. The pictures he could take of that form would put the great classics to shame.
With a sad sigh, Castiel looks back to Dean and Sam with a pout. “I forgot that I have to be at work in an hour.” And he would much rather stay here and finish the conversation that he’s been wanting to have for literal
Bobby rolls his eyes and gives Castiel a long-suffering look from under the rim of his ball cap. All he can do in answer is blink, because how is he supposed to react to this? How is he supposed to
“Sorry, sorry.” Dean holds his hands up in innocence and takes a step back. “I just –” He shrugs and gestures helplessly at Castiel. “I didn’t think you’d ever actually
ask. He pushes himself up in the recliner, lowering the foot-rest back into place. When he sits here, he lies on his side with the recliner angled away from the TV. It puts the whole chair between him and the couch, but it’s the most comfortable way to relax without laying on his wings.
Castiel still frowns at both Anna and Dean before turning back to the tree. “Family ornaments I prefer on the front where they can be seen.” He accepts the ornament carefully and hangs it front and center. “The generic ornaments can go everywhere else.”
The confusion in the kin-connection is heart wrenching, and it’s only made worse by how much Cas seems to believe that Dean
.” Castiel hisses as he rocks his hips down on Dean’s fingers, trying to remind him of what he’s still in the process of doing. “Please – Dean – no more talking. I need – Dean – I
of them. Never just Dean and Cas alone and – and –
All the talk about Castiel going with them is pure speculation, but it’s a nice idea. It passes the time surprisingly quickly and before he knows it, they’re outside and packing things away in the Impala.
thinks.
It takes something like a good
When Castiel finally does comes back to Earth, touching down elsewhere because he figures it would be best to turn up with pie and beer to apologize for his long absence and turning off his prayer radio to focus on what he was doing. As soon as he's back in a service zone, his phone starts going off like crazy. Message after message coming in.
is there too.
Castiel is in the midst of contemplating pouring himself a cup of coffee when his phone rings. He winces at the piercing shrill as he unplugs the charger and makes a note to change the ringtone. Answering it is both a blessing and a curse. The ringing ends, but now he needs to string together actual words without having caffeine in his veins. Thankfully, it’s Gabriel’s name on the call display and that means he might be able to get away with not having to speak any words at all.
Dean groans and sits back in his chair. “God, don’t I know it. There was that one Gordon guy in my class. He started out really good, but then he thought he could study those shows to get
Laughing, Dean actually saunters when he walks away. “Enjoying the view, Cas?”
, sir?”
to him the whole time that he cleans him up.
“We. Are. Celebrating.” With that said, she turns on her heel and stomps through the snow towards Bobby’s back door.
The gates of the cemetery close to visitors in about an hour. There are fewer visitors in the graveyard at this time, and the less people there, the better. Castiel will have an hour to visit with his parents, and then his Aunt will pick him up at the gates and take him to her apartment. It will be a late dinner with her and Anna, but they’re used to it. Sometimes they’ll both come with him and stay for the visit, but that’s almost just as rare as his aunt picking him up.
Dean draws back to his side of the couch and picks up the remote. “I’m trying to, at least.” His smile isn’t as bright as the one from before and it leaves an unsettled itch on the back of Castiel’s neck. “So, what are you going to do about school then?”
himself to Dean like this, but right now it just heightens what's left of the pleasure thrumming through his body.
Castiel knew that Dean had scars, but these – these look so
Sam twists around to swim in front of him, arms out spread.
when Castiel explicitly told Dean to stay
He sighs heavily and starts pulling the top of the box apart from where the flaps have been folded together. After all these years, he knows better than to try and refuse this. Except… That’s exactly what he does the moment he sees what’s inside.
“Not anymore."
It isn’t long before Dean’s touch turns a little more desperate. His fingers dig into Castiel’s shoulders, though he isn’t sure if Dean is trying to push him away or pull him in closer. “
him. It may not be forgiveness, but it’s more than either of them likely ever thought Dean would get from him.
Sam squeezes by them. “I didn’t tell her.” He takes the stairs two at a time to put space between them, the bastard.
to start building up his savings. His full scholarship covers his classes and textbooks, but there are still things Sam wants to do outside of school. Unfortunately, all those things require money and that’s something that Sam doesn’t have in excess. Castiel fully supports his decision to get a second job for the summer. He only hopes that Sam doesn’t burn himself out.
He touches his mind and tries to soothe the trembling fear making it quake.
; up close and personal, and close enough that someone might be able to tell his back doesn’t look
. At that point, Castiel had fully manifested his mutation for eight years. Aunt Amara never even hesitated to think it was an option.
“Don’t pull that bullshit with me, Cas.” Dean holds out both hands, showing that they’re both distinctly pink. “I’m going to look like an
Cas considers it while he slowly polishes off the last of his fries, his own burger having been demolished while Dean was talking-but-not-really about his family. “If you’re not against it, I am able to do two players on my set up. Though I did bus here.”
Castiel bites back his laugh as he reaches for the detergent. Dean has no idea what’s in store for him. It’s almost sad, really.
Whether Dean watches the video with him or not, Castiel ends up watching another five minutes of the woman being very much completely
’. Interesting. He never would have guessed that.
But there’s only so much that can be done. Despite his nesting tendencies, Dean is a mobile creature. Staying in one place when he’s agitated like this is probably driving him crazy. Maybe driving across the country to chase a hunt or two will be good for him.
The next finger on Dean’s hand flips up. “We’ve got to get checked.”
After a not-so-restful night’s sleep, Castiel has come to a few conclusions. Of everything that he knows for certain about what happened last night, he knows that he doesn’t feel
Lilith is the same, though she doesn’t bob in place nearly as much as the others. Her hands cut back and forth to tread the water.
“Don’t come out of your room. I’m going to be naked!”
He exhibits the same delight that Castiel witnessed in the other customers, though he only did so
with the truth in Cas’s words.
. Since he isn’t a simpering romance novel heroine, he’s just going to have to make sure that never happens.
Cas’s secret smile gets a little bigger.
“Moved. Past tense.” Castiel smiles widely as the realization dawns on Dean. “The next time I go back to
Teem & Up (language), Alternate Universe - Modern, high school AU, experimenting friends, unrequited but requited feelings, pre-relationship, Castiel POV, not first person
Well yes, that
Sam sounds just as confused as Castiel feels. “What are you doing?”
would be downright amazing.
It’s annoying him more than the way Metatron puffs out his chest with a flood of his disgustingly
It’s nice to just sit back and let someone else take control of the conversation. Aunt Amara and Anna know how awkward he can be better than anyone, and maybe that’s why they dominate the conversation. Anna occasionally interjects about her own memories of her aunt and uncle that she has from after she presented and moved here too.
His stomach joins his heart as he speed walks up the hall to the living room. He doesn’t even bother checking the kitchen to see if anyone is in there, because he knows it’s just as empty as the guest room – and the living room. The sheets are missing from the couch too, but the blanket and the pillows he had given Dean are stacked on the recliner. Dean’s duffle, which had sat at the end of the couch in the corner of the room, is gone too.
. Castiel hums in answer and lifts his head enough to nose at Dean’s pulse. He smells amazing there, in the crook of his neck. Gently, Castiel places a delicate kiss to that truly vulnerable place. His tongue flicks out to taste the salt of his skin and, because he’s always wanted to try this with someone, he seals his mouth to that thundering pulse, presses his teeth into the skin lightly, and
that? Why does he have to be – to be like – like
to know how Dean is reacting to his confession. His stomach swoops pleasantly when he’s met with a soft smile and warm eyes.
Dean opens his mouth to respond, and then closes it. Rinse and repeat for three more tries. It takes way too long for him to manage just one little
What if this affects Dean so much that, after they leave on Monday, the Winchesters don’t come back?
that I find flowers to be insincere peace offerings. But you brought me
Apparently his lack of an answer is some kind of answer in itself. The moment he looks away, Balthazar slaps his hand on the floor.
about their dad? Have you ever had visions of him before?”
While Castiel holds the box, Dean pulls the tree out from inside of it. They’ve barely started before Christmas music starts playing loudly from down the hall. Sam reappears in the living room with his laptop in hand and a ridiculous grin on his face. He says nothing, but he puts the laptop on Castiel’s bed and disappears again to put his garland up. Dean and Castiel share a look before they start laughing. On the bright side, these songs have a more rock-like beat than the choir type carols he’s used to.
As soon as the plates are done and Castiel’s hands are dried, Dean takes him by the wrist. He doesn’t know what to expect at first, but he’s a little surprised to find that he’s being led to the bedroom. Is Dean ready for another round now? Whatever it is, he can’t help but smile at the earnest look of determination in Dean’s eyes. Castiel didn’t put the plug in after their shower and he’s briefly concerned about that – right up until Dean takes his collar off. The next to go is the skirt, and then he’s shoved into the bed with the covers being drawn over him.
But hasn’t he seen Green-eyes’s face before? There was that time when he was saving Samandriel, but his memories of that moment are a blur. Others have seen Green-eyes’s face and shared it with him, but for the life of him Castiel can’t bring it to mind now. When adrenaline is running high on the battlefield, it tends to eat away at one’s memories. He’s lucky if he can remember anything that happens out there on any given day – not that he wants to. There are memories he has that he wishes he didn’t and Castiel can only hope that they will fade when this war is over.
” Dean sounds confused at first, and then he pauses. “
be doing. But he starts doubting that when he finds one empty sleeping spot after another. Everyone is missing. Mother-sea, where the heck is everyone? They can’t all have gone hunting this late, could they?
Bless Meg and her perfect timing. “You’re smelling Dean’s lunch.” Castiel puts the finished coffee aside and turns to her. She’s all smiles at him from the other side of the order window as she passes him the Styrofoam container.
By the time his shower comes to an end, all of his plans have been made. Castiel is going to do his best to keep the edging a secret. It will be difficult, but he should be able to do it. The hardest part is going to be to figure out how to keep himself from orgasming when they have sex tonight. Unless they do it
Castiel hums in acknowledgement and rolls onto his side, facing the wall. A few minutes later the lights go out and Sam disappears to the end of the hall. Regardless of whether he’ll see or not, Castiel pulls one of his two pillows down under the blanket so he can hug it. The pillow is a poor substitute for Dean and he frowns at the wall. He would give just about anything for it to be Dean to be the one he’s holding right now.
The tight line of Dean’s shoulders relaxes slightly and he sinks further into his seat. He sighs and covers Castiel’s hand with his. “Of course you are, but it’s –” He stops to drain the last of his beer. “But it’s our fucking
Dean’s eyebrows raise almost to his hairline. “Friends with –?” He rolls his lips between his teeth, as if that will somehow keep him from smiling or laughing. It fails spectacularly. “Cas. Do you really think that’s all I want?”
A blur of red and yellow flashes past in Castiel’s peripherals and he focuses just long enough to see Lucifer facing off against Lilith. He casts about with his echoes, trying to pinpoint where everyone is. Michael appears to be taking on the small-blonde female with Raphael at his side. She’s quick and the only thing letting them keep up with her movements is the bright-fin’s inherent agility. They seem to be holding their own against her just fine. Same for Lucifer against Lilith. Dean doesn’t look like he’s having trouble with Alistair, but – but they still need their back up!
right at Dean’s face. Unsurprising, since he is the one who took down both the first snake
“Holy shit.” Dean actually shivers, swallowing visibly. “Yes.
Another groan rumbles against his skin. It’s a desperate one he’s heard before – one that Dean makes when he wants his orgasm. Is that why he’s clinging to him? Castiel could understand that if he really wants to come. Dean tends to get pushy when it’s taking too long – evidenced by how he rolls them until he is kneeling over Castiel’s stomach. But this feels different from usual. Dean won’t look him in the eye while he takes Castiel’s hand in his and start guiding it to his erection.
Maybe Cas is thinking the same thing, because his almost-not-quite-there smile is back in place again.
?” He wilts slightly at the sting of losing his space in Cas’s home. “Why
. And not just any bright-fin, either. He’ll be dying beside
That’s the last word said at the table. Father pays and takes both boxes of food. Apparently he’s going to deny Castiel his leftovers. It’s a childish means of getting back at him for his attitude so far, but Castiel honestly doesn’t care. He likely would have let Sam finish it off. And if Father expects him to say something about it, he’s sorely mistaken. Castiel doesn’t say a word and he actually leaves the restaurant ahead of his Father.
Castiel settles in the corner of his bed with the blanket pulled over his legs to keep them warm. He boots his laptop up and plugs his headphones in. If his studying results in him having to view any kind of videos, then he doesn’t want to risk Sam catching sight of his screen or hearing anything undue. And just so no one will find out what he’s doing, Castiel makes sure that all of his searches are done in an incognito browser. He wouldn’t put it pat Gabriel to get a hold of his laptop and check his history just to find something he could tease him with.
This chapter takes place during
Dean stumbles back towards the bed, his face flushed and his eyes wide. He looks somewhat terrified, and rightly he should be. Castiel is absolutely
Dean gulps down air to try and calm down. “You know anything about the Marvel Comics?”
A warm hand sweeps over the small of his back and Castiel bites his lip, forcing himself not to flinch from it. He just barely turns his head enough to peek out of the pillow. “Is it going to hurt?”
if what he’s doing isn’t derailing his train of thought quickly. “Do
He sighs and rolls onto his belly again.
.” She wrinkles her nose and kicks at him. “Aren’t you supposed to be making out with Cas right now?”
Dean ducks his head and bumps his shoulder with Castiel’s. “Don’t ever make a mistake, Cas. Sammy will never let you forget it.”
together, and
Anna laughs and shoves him hard enough that he ends up leaning back against the wall again.
Well that is just a
He shivers slightly, still on top of the blanket. The house is quiet and he doesn’t even think about it as he slides to his feet. Castiel shuffles into the bathroom and, a few minutes later, shuffles out still feeling like death. It’s not until he’s shrugging into his housecoat does he realize what’s wrong with this morning. There’s no smell of breakfast like there usually is.
Oh no. This isn’t working. Is Dean not accepting that as an answer? Granted, the ‘
Gratitude sings along the words as the sorter gestures for Castiel to leave.
by the time I return tonight?” It’ll be late and the last thing Castiel wants to do is be the cause of Dean being tired at work the next day. Especially since Dean could hurt himself if he’s not acutely aware of what he’s doing when he’s under a car.
do his best to carry it out.
“Well, great. Just follow us and we’ll get you settled.” Dean waves them both along and heads for the door. Mr. Beardy watches them leave and Dean gives him a two fingered salute on their way past.
first. I’ll save you hundreds.”
His registry tattoo is just below his left collarbone and almost half of it is covered by a big scar that cuts
That very same feeling has Castiel ready and willing to explain about his tattoos with little indiscretion. “I got them shortly after I graduated.” He glances over his shoulder and his stomach flips at the awed look in Dean’s eyes.
And the last thing he wants is to end up in jail, or worse;
“I’m serious, Dean.” Sam goes over to the door again. “That’s not Cas.”
“Yeah, like we’re
, but Dean has had this secret tearing him up inside for literal
“So stay out of the frenzy.” Sam nods in agreement. “Got it. I’ll do my best.”
and he briefly worries that it might be his fault.
Laughing, Dean gives him a shove.
“It’s very nice to meet you.” Castiel tries for a smile, and hopes it doesn’t look sickly because he’s
After nearly a
about what it’ll be like to submit to Dean’s control.
Oh good Lord on high. This is
“You really did buy everything, didn’t you?”
Balthazar is on the same sentry rotation as Castiel, so he’ll be waking up soon too and they’ll get to spend the day together. Anna, however, doesn’t do sentry duty. She refused it when Lucifer tried to assign her the position. It’s too boring for her – and that’s a fact that Castiel will happily agree on. She’s one of the best fighters in the colony, but she can’t hold still. Balthazar is much the same, but he still took the position when it was offered to him. Castiel likes to think that he agreed to be part of the sentry rotation because of him.
The worries are still dancing along the edge of his mind, but he distracts himself from them by thinking about what he’ll do after breakfast. He’ll take his bath and maybe just retire to his bedroom to read afterwards. Or he can take his tablet in with him and watch Netflix. Clearly he’s not ready to spend more time around the Winchesters if just the
He ducks his head to try and hide his smile. “It’s fine. I’ll be done before you and I can take the bus from here.” Dean dropped him off this morning and must have gone into work over an hour early for his shift. Castiel doesn’t want him to rush to try and get done early. “I’ll see you at home.”
has helped him preen before. His parents had offered, especially when he would get physically sick in the beginning while trying to do it himself, but Castiel always refused. The last thing he wanted was for his parents – the only two people in the world that he spent time with – to be as disgusted with his wings as he is.
“I don’t care, Cas.” Dean cuts him off as he hunches his shoulders. “You do whatever the hell you want.”
funny.”
that closeness when he’s not here. Dean just – he’s
would have them under lock and key for eternity, if not just – just
the chances for him to flirt Cas off his feet.
. It makes him woozy at first, but soon he realizes that there’s still another obstruction in front of him. This time it’s the cloth of Dean’s underwear. The fabric feels weird on his tongue, but he doesn’t hesitate to fit his mouth to the side of Dean’s erection and give it a suck through his boxers.
for me and give Dean-o a good smack if he’s not being the absolutely
The only thing that breaks Castiel out of whatever trance he apparently descended into is Dean’s hand. It’s like a brand on his skin when he moves it from the back of Castiel’s neck to the side of it. Having Dean clear his throat a moment later probably helps a bit too. His hand falls away as he sits back and Castiel glances down just in time to watch Dean tuck himself away and do up his pants again.
rank test. It’s the second-best rank possible, and reserved for Wizards and Witches who display exceptionally superior abilities. It’s no
, Steve. Go back to Cas!”
for Cas and he somehow managed to screw that up just like he messes
Or it is right up until he’s rudely woken up a few hours later by a wet kiss. Cas licks across his
store is usually pretty good at having everything nice and fresh. He already has all his vitamins picked out, and once he has his vegetables he’s going to hit the proteins. There is a snack food sectioned, but he’s going to ignore the hell out of that because they’re not half as healthy as they claim to be.
“Slipper socks, Cas. Best of both worlds.” He flips the socks over to reveal little rubber nubs scattered across the bottom of them. “Put ‘em on.”
, which are world renowned car makers, but they’re not exactly small either. They’re well known nationally, though perhaps not internationally. He knows for a fact they’re not small, considering that he apparently is now stepping up to take his aunt’s place on the board as majority shareholder.
All that could be playing into why they’re still securely locked in the make-out stage of the relationship. Dean refuses to complain (out loud), though. Things are going good and he’s honestly happy. The fact that they’re going slower than he’s used to is probably the least problematic thing you could complain about in a relationship. Maybe. Who knows? It’s not really something he wants to think about when he’s currently in a really cozy moment with Cas and it’s
He waves a hand to shush her and turns his thoughts onto Gabriel’s link, pulsing curiosity and worry at him.
Unfortunately, Pam continues looking at him expectantly while everyone else is eating. None of them seem keen on changing the conversation. Castiel has the odd sensation of feeling like he’s been left to the wolves.
“Yeah.” He shrugs, but there’s a smile in his eyes and the affectionate glow from his soul threatens to consume Castiel entirely. “But I’d rather be with you.”
“And – uh – where do you want to go with the car?”
about doing something like this. But a lot has changed –
After a moment, Dean clears his throat and gives a shaky nod. “Yeah. Uh, yeah. We can – we can definitely do that.” He sits up on his elbows as red creeps into his cheeks.
Dean groans and covers Castiel’s face with one of his hands before shoving him away. “Let’s
– except, of course, for the sadness that haunted him with Dean’s absence since the spring. And that’s when it occurs to him. Dean is a traveller in his core. He stays for the winter to help his brother, but otherwise the itch to move and see new sights is too strong. Just because he came home early this one time doesn’t mean that he won’t still want to travel.
Maybe it’s the sentry duty that Castiel is unhappy with? Every day feels exactly the same when he is on rotation. It’s so very
To Castiel’s unending frustration, Dean does end up drawing back again. “You’re not making this easier.”
in those words. What has he done to make Dean think that he would ever leave him? Does he think that Castiel will leave him like Lisa did? Of course not. Lisa had her reasons for leaving, and whatever those may be, Castiel doesn’t share in them right now – maybe not ever. He can’t speak for what the future might hold, but even after Friday he just wants to make things
To his complete and utter surprise, instead of being torn to pieces, a bright light flares up on the other side of his eyelids. The crackling roar of fire and the heat that accompanies it fills his ears and washes over him. It’s one of the last things he expected to hear or feel again.
“Really?” Sam sounds skeptical and it’s a tone that Castiel doesn’t really enjoy hearing. “I mean – Cas, he was well on his way to –
Sam and Aunt Amara deviate to their respective rooms; Sam taking the bathroom to change. Dean and Castiel head into their bedroom together and shut the door behind them. He didn’t look too closely at his Bulbasaur onesie when he took it out of the bag, but he assumes the back has been modified for his wings as has every pair of pajamas that he’s gotten for Christmas since his wings grew in. It’s slightly disappointing because the image of the bulb is probably mostly missing.
With that, Castiel puts the cup to his lips, tilts his head back, and drains the entire thing in a few short gulps, the temperature a pleasant burn in his throat. It’s sweet, which is a taste that Vulcans do not normally prefer. The chocolate in the drink is deep and rich, a bitter counterpoint to the sweetness of what is undoubtedly the liquor. Why Dean saw the need to still include alcohol is unknown, especially as a bar of dark chocolate would receive superior results.
Dean bobs his head in a nod and holds out his hand. “Please just call me Dean.”
Sam hesitates, looking from Dean to Castiel. His eyebrow quirks in an unvoiced question and Castiel nods at it. “I’ll take care of him.”
fast.
“Cassie! Cassie, get back here!” He shouts into the hallway. “Cassie! You don’t know how to drive a car!”
Anna is kicked back on the couch, watching TV with half a slice of leftover pizza hanging out of her mouth. She leans around the wall behind the couch as Castiel comes bustling out of his office to duck right into his bedroom. “You want me to help out?”
Castiel is out of his bed a moment later. He pads across the apartment, not exactly intending to be quiet about it, but doing it all the same. The short chain over the door rattles as Castiel slips it into the lock. The sound of it isn’t covered by Dean’s cereal as it gets poured into a bowl. Dean is in the process of getting his milk from the fridge when Castiel corners him against the kitchen counter. He is determined to do everything in his power this morning to make things up to Dean, and he’ll be damned if anything is going to stop him from doing it.
appreciated. It went very well and he really should do it again right now. But what, though? What should he do?
“You’re our only passengers for today, so just sit back and relax.” He glances around as Jack passes by to get to the next rope in the back. “We’re casting off and setting sail momentarily.”
. Tricked or not, the blood of those bright-fin is on
It feels like the world comes to a standstill. Castiel even forgets how to breathe.
“I know.” Castiel shrugs and leans next to the door. “I also know that you’re not as dangerous as they say you are.” As Dean
Dean kisses him softly; just one little, lingering thing.
While he’s on the phone with the taxi company, Castiel picks out his clothing for the day. It doesn’t need to be anything fancy, since he’ll be changing into his dobok at the dojang. He ends up with a clean pair of underwear, a pair of jeans, an undershirt, and a dress shirt that he’ll wear with the cuffs rolled up his forearms and the first few buttons undone. That should be acceptable. Anything less would risk showing the wing tips that nearly reach his elbows. And since it’s a dark coloured shirt, he doesn’t risk having the wings show through the fabric.
Good point. Dean winces on reflex.
Sadly, he seems to be having trouble with the ability to finish his sentences. Castiel takes pity on him and gently places his hand on Dean’s knee. “You had ectoplasm all over your face and I’m pretty sure I had at least one spider in my hair.” He sways to the side until their shoulders bump. “Things between us have been building up for a long time. Don’t you think we deserve something a little more special?”
forms as he looks up at Castiel, clearly pleased with himself for just
He means every word and he turns a sharp look on Raphael when he tries to speak again.
Once again, Dean’s eyes skate over Castiel’s body. Almost every thought he has is showing on Dean’s face and it’s sending all manner of chills racing through him. What Castiel wouldn’t do to have him voice those thoughts – or better yet,
Oh, but Castiel can’t wait that long. He rolls his hips; forward to rub his erection against the hard planes of Dean’s stomach, and down to rock against the velvet heat of Dean’s cock. Castiel’s imagination is running away on him and all he can think of is how that would feel inside of him. What it would be like to have the bulk of all of Dean and his muscles and strength holding him down and
“A perfect time.” He shrugs, picks up the pillow from his chair, and heads inside.
about it.
Castiel waves Gabriel off from the door. Normally he would have followed him out to the car to say goodbye there, but it wouldn’t do to make Dean wait any longer. He
It was a shorter visit, but it was still nice, and Castiel hopes that they’ll be back again soon.
That look turns
Of course he doesn’t get an answer, but he’s still annoyed. His libido has always been naturally low and it’s usually pretty silent, but sometimes it’s like it has a mind of its own. Castiel rarely gets aroused, and he assumed he fell somewhere on the asexual spectrum. He never cared enough to delve further into figuring out the label that fit him. Not even now. But this? This is just dumb. It’s
Dean rolls his eyes and tilts his face away, trying to hide his smile. “I was
of him. Father will accept nothing less than perfection from him.
Despite the care he took with picking them up before, Dean drops the feathers on the bed without hesitation. He gets the binder off its hook on the back of the door and brings it over. Sam stays standing in the doorway, watching as Dean helps fit it over his wings and pull it into place. There is
She sounds fond, though somewhat annoyed, as she recounts the memory.
want to experience the weight of Dean on top of him while he’s the one buried in the heat of Dean’s body, then he could always have Dean riding him.
thing that Dean did for him, because he’s been in love with Cas for half his life at this point and he would
late. Even more so if they don’t show up at all. But Charlie and her small team from the other day had no issues with returning to the same spot she had said they should meet at. In fact, Charlie was already there and hunting her morning meal when Castiel arrived to hear what her Council had decided. He had gone with a specific location they could meet at in mind and Charlie had acted like she knew where it was, so why are they late now?
sit here and think about all the ways he could try and persuade Dean into edging, Castiel is quite done with sex right now. His libido has been satisfied and he likely won’t desire it for a while now. If Dean wants it, then of course he’ll participate, but that’s a different matter entirely. Instead, he’s perfectly happy to bundle himself up in his blanket and focus on the cuddling and lazy kisses they did to wile away the hours of the afternoon. Those were just so
in their link.
not going to get anything out of the studying he
Okay, that sounded like it worked. Castiel glances over his shoulder at him to make sure that Dean’s attention is on him. “Half the people I work with assume that you and I have been sleeping together since I moved in, or that we’ve been dating longer than that. And Jess has asked me at least once a month if you’ve asked me out yet.”
good for his nerves when Dean is also around.
Right?
The grin proves it to be meant as a joke, and Castiel snorts loudly. “That was
?” Castiel hums to himself as he spreads his wings out and curves them forward. “I’m just doing
Cas brings his hands to cup Dean’s face. His thumbs rub under his eyes, brushing away the tears. “The angel blade won’t work, because I’m not an angel anymore.” His eyes crinkle as he smiles. “I’m your new God. A
Castiel doesn’t like to think about having such
Cas only hums. “Then stop thinking so loudly.”
Dean hums and there’s actually a scrape of teeth over the curve of one cheek. “Is this good?”
His phone beeps quietly in his pocket, a welcome distraction. “Dean replied.” Castiel opens the message and smiles. “He said Vera suits us.”
sounds more than anything right now.
things to Dean’s heart. “Why did you buy me
“That should do it.” Dean closes the closet and turns to him with his hands on his hips. “Anything else you need help with?”
and turns his head to look the other way. The snub may be deserved, but Castiel has to take a moment to calm himself when the gesture only serves to fan the embers of his own irritation.
lifetime, Castiel is seeing another fin-kin. And this time they are
than Cas dying; even if the topic of regrets is tangentially connected. “You’ve got regrets?”
“Hey Jess.” He gestures for Castiel to go up the stairs first and follows at a slower pace. “Perfect timing. It was just picked up… Can you borrow your parents’ car tomorrow for – Oh, awesome! Swing by and get me first, okay?... Great! See you tomorrow.”
Dean turns to him and there’s concern written across his face for a moment. It quickly eases into a calming smile. “Yeah, don’t worry about it. The guys thought it was cute and you’re just lucky it was me you were getting all giggly with.” Oh God. “A lesser man might have decided to take advantage of you.”
his feathers before. His parents used to just snatch them up and dispose of them right away. Even Aunt Amara and Anna do the same. It’s like they never even
– physically
to help them.
isn’t because of what happened. That doesn’t bother me.” What bothers him is his own feelings and how he doesn’t want to ruin their friendship. “It’s
of an airhorn goes off so close that he jumps right back up with a shriek, hand clutching his chest.
Dean cuts him off with a nod and a violent cough that has him doubling over the bucket again.
“I just think it’s dumb that you didn’t ask me for a ride, is all.” Dean mumbles as he crosses his arms and leans against the wall. “It’s not like I had any plans or anything. I could’ve driven you.”
does. And it’s
“No.” Castiel parts the front of his cloak to reveal a bag hanging at his hip. “This is all that I require.”
All of this combined riles Castiel up harder and faster than he can ever recall it happening. He knows it’s
“Fine, I guess? I had to leave for work so I wasn’t able to see the end of the lecture.” The disappointment in Sam’s voice is far too thick. He clearly wanted to be a part of the rest of the intervention. “Best I know is that Bobby isn’t going to make things easy for him at the garage for a while. Gotta pay him back for being hung over and skipping work, y’know?”
to visit monthly, but he likes to. Dean and Sam don’t always have hours-long visits when they visit their mother. Sometimes they just drop in to say ‘
All Castiel can do is press a kiss to the top of his head and vow that if he ever sees John Winchester in person, he’s going to have some
. That’s right!
He closes the drawer and readjusts himself onto his stomach. There’s a nervous lump rising in his throat and he swallows back against it as he kicks away the blanket. Castiel crosses his arms under the pillow and hides his face in it; spreading his legs
spraying egg or bits of ingredients all over the kitchen. “You’re not good with people, are you? You keep acting like Sam and I are going to eat you in your sleep or something.”
“Alright, I’m going to use two fingers now.” Dean pets at the small of his back with his free hand. “That okay? Can I continue?”
He bites his lip again, concentrating hard on the angle of his hips and the rub of his thumb. It’s mesmerizing, actually. Castiel can hardly tear his eyes from watching the way Dean takes him in and how he slides out. Even so, he can’t resist glancing up every now and then, just to see the way Dean is watching him or how he’s twisting towards an orgasm of his own.
It’s the closest he really gets to telling Dean that he loves him, in as many words. But the emotions come through loud and clear through their bond. Dean smiles, smug and pleased that even if his Sarek ideologies have Cas keep a tight lid on his emotions, it doesn’t mean he doesn’t feel them. And
Sweet Buddha, Zeus, Odin,
Maybe he should call Dean instead so they can talk about it properly? He debates that point with himself for a moment before discarding it and tucking his phone away again. Dean might need the extra time afforded to him by typing to get his thoughts in order.
The obvious choice is to give Dean a blow job. Not only does Castiel enjoy giving those, but he still has plenty of room to improve with those. He won’t be satisfied until Dean tells him that they’re the best he’s ever had. But Dean didn’t just give him any old blow job, did he? He fingered Castiel throughout it. What if he did that too? Would Dean be accepting of it? There’s really only a few ways to find out and Castiel feels like being surprising. If Dean refuses him, then so be it.
That gets the attention of both kids and they clamber out of their chairs to bring their dishes to put away. Castiel smiles after them, wistful in a sense. Another breeding season has come and gone for him and, this time around, he really felt the desire to start a family. Unfortunately, it’s unlikely that he and Dean will have children of their own.
He leans into the half-hug, desperate for any form of contact from family.
on his own.
– it’s more than he can take.
“I’m sick of the step-hop bullshit.” Dean glances over his shoulder once before looking away sharply. “It takes forever. If you’re going to be a stubborn asshole about not using the crutch and sleeping in your room, then I’m giving you a fucking piggy-back ride so it doesn’t take as long.”
“It’s going to be fine, Cas.” Dean strokes between his wings, voice a soothing rumble.
thinks that they’re dating.
“You’re the
“Thanks.” With a sigh, Dean slumps down next to him as gently as he can so he doesn’t jostle him. He kicks his feet up on the ottoman and sinks down even lower “I don’t know how everyone can have this much energy after the game.”
doesn’t know who was texting him just now.
cut out of the center of it. He has to adjust it a few times before he’s satisfied that it lines up with the first portion of the sticker.
“Yes.” He gives a curt little nod and glances briefly towards Becky; she’s fully focused on calling up customers. “Do you mind if I ask you a few things about your brother’s campaign? I’m on the fence about who to vote for.”
A conspicuous silence follows, and then Dean clears his throat. “Y-you – uh – you want
understands.
Jess looks pointedly at Castiel and his fans flare unhappily at the glance.
He doesn’t
“That – uh – that was husband?” There’s a pause before Dean snorts and starts laughing. “That was absolutely one hundred percent my
“I absolutely think that you could have a successful baking company.” Castiel wants to stress that he will fully support his brother’s decision in this venture. “Especially if you let Kali be your business manger.”
Castiel nods, thinking back fondly to not just the phone call letting them know that Jess had gone into labour, but also the video call afterwards where Sam had introduced them to the babies.
Jostling the bed seems to have done the trick, because Dean snorts into the pillow and slowly rolls over onto his back. He yawns and knuckles at his eyes before turning his head to squint at what woke him. Rolling over pushes the blanket down enough to expose his bare chest and it actually manages to make Castiel’s mouth water.
Castiel lets go of the shower bar and reaches for his shirt, but Dean slaps his hand. “Not yet. Let it keep drying for a few more minutes. And I doubt anyone is going to ask to see it.” He starts packing up the airbrush kit, turning it back on to clear the valve. “You’re going to hide your wings until we get to Sioux Falls anyway, right? No one there is going to ask about it, I’ll make sure of it.”
