The blonde woman was once again tending to the bar. She shot one look at James and turned around. “Everyone out.
Thomas’ eyes glinted playfully. “In part,” he confessed, not elaborating further. “But yourself as well. I think you quite underestimate what a fascinating individual you are, Doctor Watson. I can see it with clarity, even if you do so seem to prefer standing in the shadow of your illustrious friend.”
“Was there a specific purpose to our meeting today? Could we not have had pleasant conversation within our own home?”
“Why would I allow you the time of day when I have the upper hand? I could kill every single one of you where you stand. You are on my territory, and my word is what goes.”
Hamilton: Angus Perry is a man of high morals, and is greatly revered by well respected men, including myself. In all my interactions with him, I have seen nothing but a kind and admirable figure.
“It was only after that interaction that I discovered how far back Lord Ashe’s friendship with Lord Ashbourne went. He had aided him in many lobbying efforts in the past—although this was never documented to the public—and appeared to agree with him on most issues of importance. There was no way that the young Lord Hamilton would have known this before he accepted Lord Ashe’s help. For all he knew, Peter Ashe was still his dear, close friend. If my deduction about his betrayal of the Hamiltons proved correct, I needed to find evidence of it. I knew I had to be careful, lest I scare Ashe into destroying any material proof of his association with the Earl and, more importantly, any clues as to what Lord Hamilton’s fate really was.”
“Yes, it is perhaps for the best that we go.” It was a welcome exit point that Thomas had provided us, for I wanted nothing more but to extract myself from this moment, this conversation. I left the empty port glass on the small table near the chair.
“Thank you very much, Mr. Silver.” She cast a long look over us. “I appreciate your assistance in this matter. However, you realise that I cannot in good faith release men who willingly sabotaged my allies’ industrial efforts.” Her eyes meet James’. “I cannot, in good faith, let the man who killed the Earl of Ashbourne walk free.”
What my wife referred to in the hush of the park, was not unknown to me. Our own marriage was one of unspoken words and hidden truths we so often worked to protect. Alone, we were two lost members of London’s populace, the slightest shift in behaviour, the smallest misstep, able to destroy our lives with the rumours born of it. Therefore, I maintained her image within society, and she offered me the same courtesy. If the Hamiltons had a similar arrangement within their marriage—though perhaps one not as damning as ours—a case of their scandal could prove disastrous for us both, indeed.
I am contacting you for a rather peculiar case that I am hoping you can shed some light on. I apologise if any of the events in the following letter are distressing in their nature.
“Perhaps so, but this is no matter. The true work begins at the salon, which we shall be tardy to if we do not descend the steps to the cab waiting for us outside.” With that, Holmes reached for his best top hat and previously discarded jacket before gesturing for Mary and myself to exit.
Thomas swallowed and put his hand over that of his wife in an affectionate gesture. “Dearest, surely I am not so bad as to be reproached in this way in front of our guests?” His jovial tone and sparkling eyes indicated some kind of private joke between them.
I hummed in affirmation, an absent smile forming along my face as I continued to eat. The five of us maintained amiable conversation for the remainder of breakfast—though that mostly translated to Silver’s continued storytelling—before the eloquent man excused himself to return to his work.
“All right, I will do as you ask.” I prayed that the dim lighting within the parlour was enough to cover the deadened expression on my face.
“It is all right, dear,” Madi said quietly. The way she squeezed the other woman’s hand did not elude me.
After Miranda had reassured herself that James had, indeed, not dropped dead in their dining room, she and Mary wandered off to walk along the hillside in the chilled night air. Both of them seemed rather wired with the knowledge that the remainder of our party lay not far behind us.
to see him. He made the rest of his way over to our booth and seated himself next to me, swapping his crutch in his other hand and squeezing himself in the tight spot with a surprising nimbleness. The exchange between Silver and James left me puzzled. I knew very little of James’ time abroad, but a Captain was not something I assumed of him to be. It was not possible for him to be so in a naval capacity, at least. Yet, Miranda seemed unsurprised by the moniker and I was curious as to what the story behind it was.
But Thomas kept observing me with that gentle intensity, with that private, careful smile, and I knew that he had made a—not incorrect—assumption about me, an assumption that would leave many unsaid things between us. Once again, my thoughts drifted back to Holmes, what he had said of the love letter we were set on investigating—
“I am a man with a very low pain tolerance,” Silver shrugged with a smile that made me doubt every word that left his mouth. “Threaten me and I will say anything to get myself out of danger.”
For a moment, she considered us all carefully, with calculations I could not begin to comprehend taking place behind her cold eyes. Then: “I have been made aware that patients from a... private institution, financed by the Earl of Ashbourne, will be transported to Germany in a week’s time, to be relocated to the sanatorium of a doctor by the name of Oglethorpe. It is something to do with treatment and reform for men beset by madness, I believe. There are several routes, all kept in secret. I will tell you the correct route, once you hand over the coordinates.”
Silver steadfastly ignored James’ words; I had the feeling he was used to doing so. “I am going to assume that you haven’t told your lovely companions about me,” Silver grinned. “For shame, Captain! And here I thought we were friends.”
“Prisoner transport?” Eleanor looks taken aback, not taking her eyes off James. “What on earth do you need with a prisoner transport?”
“Good heavens,” Mary spoke first, ushering the both of us inside. Without a doubt, she could see the accumulation of soot, blood, and weariness across our faces, yet she took me into her arms anyway, holding fast. It was only then I realised how cold I had been in comparison to her steady warmth. Miranda stared at James and I, silent for a moment, as though trying to comprehend what our presence without our party could mean.
This past week I have been asked to attend to a patient at Reading Gaol. I was advised to be extremely cautious in this matter, for the patient was severely mentally unwell and a danger to himself and others.
Thomas only sits and watches Sherlock, his gaze careful and kind as it always was. He is silent. He also waits.
James then led Thomas into the cottage beside Mary and Miranda’s. Silver stood in the road, his hand flexing into thin air. Awkwardness was an odd look to him.
I finished stitching up James’ shoulder before all the air in my lungs vanished with the nonexistent wind. He said this as though this projected happy ending for Holmes and I was inevitable with this knowledge in my hands. As though the only thing preventing it before this moment was my own foolish mind. I fetched a fresh bandage from my medical bag with shaking hands.
As we entered the lavish home, Lady Hamilton welcomed each guest individually, engaging them with an understanding smile and interested conversation. I was beginning to believe that her kindness and empathetic manner of speech was no act—as it was with many other members of the noble classes—but rather her natural state of being. It once again cast doubt upon the image that the Earl had so viciously portrayed of her.
I hope this letter finds you well. I know it has been a while since we have been in touch—my relocation to Reading has significantly hampered my attempts at socialisation in London!
“I would claim to be surprised by your inability to maintain secrecy in our client’s issue, Watson, but that would be a fool's errand indeed.” He spoke as if he had reached acceptance of the matter hours prior. I could not gather if his words came from frustration, or applause for my efforts. He rose from the cushions in a slow, languid movement before offering his formal greetings to my wife.
“He is one of my primary informants here in Glasgow, doctor. Once he stopped being a useless thief and stealing my hard-earned intel,” the glance he shot at Silver was heated enough to melt steel, “he proved himself to be a useful asset.” Silver’s smile widened at what he seemed to take as a compliment, though he stayed silent. James moved one of the pages around the table to show me. “This is the address of where Ashbourne is staying for the moment. We will leave here on horseback tomorrow evening at nine o’clock sharp, set to arrive a quarter of an hour before ten.”
At that, James stood with a start, chest heaving with lofty breaths. In the dim lighting of the oil lamp, I saw a redness in his features that was not born of blood or fire from before. I saw something whirring behind his eyes, the ghosts he thought were long dead had come back to haunt him. The realisation crashed down on me before I could voice it—for now Holmes’ explanation made perfect sense. I myself had seen this clock many times when I had visited the Hamiltons’ house or shared a glass of port with Thomas, caught in conversation until we were brought back to reality by its chime. The memory made my heart ache.
I hummed inquisitively in reply, my eyes still set upon the door of the cottage furthest from us. Thomas emerged from the door, and by the Lord, was it still a shock to see him there in the flesh, so undoubtedly alive. I did not quite know if this awe would wear off. He looked rather fuzzy around the eyes but did not seem at all surprised at the moment of intimacy he had caught Silver and James in; even if Silver did jump back as if he were burned. James just huffed and disappeared into the cottage, returning with a blanket to throw over Thomas’ shoulders. Silver kept looking at the two of them, his fingers once again undulating with apprehension. Even from this far, I could almost clear James’ exasperated sigh, as he pulled Thomas close with one arm, and offered his free hand to Silver. Bewildered, Silver took it, while Thomas, entirely unsurprised by this turn of events, nuzzled into James’ shoulder. With that, I could swear to God, Thomas appeared to fall asleep while standing.
For a moment, Holmes said nothing. He stared at me, wordless and confused, as though some unprecedented realisation had come over him. Somehow, in seeing Holmes’ own fear about the circumstances laid before us, all previous rumination left my mind. If he was not doubtful of his own motions, but rather of mine, then there was nothing to contemplate. I would follow him to the ends of the earth if it meant getting to work by his side again, and I would not allow a brief hesitation to take that chance from me.
“Eleanor hated it when I used to do that,” he said with a vicious kind of joy that I did not fully comprehend. The histories between all these people were much more complicated than I realised, yet there was little time to unravel them.
Holmes pulled an envelope from his coat pocket, and turned it over to James, pacing wildly still. He ripped it from Holmes’ grasp and pulled the paper from within, reading it in haste before throwing it on the floor.
“Hello you,” she murmured into his neck, her voice dripping with emotion. James was still and silent in her arms, but I saw the lids of his eyes shut with the weight of her touch. “You are dripping blood all over my floor.”
The smile fell away from James’ face as he inhaled, careful not to nudge under my fingers. “I suppose—” he trailed off. The muscle under his eye jumped again, and in the dark twilight, I saw the mask of James Flint fall away; as if he was unmade. James McGraw was seated in front of me, weathered, wounded, and full of entirely too much grief for his young age—for I forgot, with all that he put himself through, for all his brilliance, he was so devastatingly young still. “I suppose that if the events of tonight do not turn out in the way I hope— if Thomas and I do not get a happy ending to our story, I wish for someone else to have one to theirs. It is what he would have wanted, too.”
“What detail would that be?” I walked away from the door, and sat at the foot of the bed as he sat upon one of the wooden chairs across from me.
Before one of us could voice those concerns,  a clear voice bearing a broad Scots accent boomed toward us from the kitchen door.
Mary squeezed my forearm gently. “I will go fetch some tea for you all, dear. I am sure I will be able to muster some food for our guests from the kitchen, too.”
“My name is Max for all intents and purposes you may have, Doctor John Hamish Watson,” Max enunciated sweetly, fixing me once again with her gaze. The fact that she knew—and used—my full name was not lost on me for the threat that it was. “I would take less interest in our identities if I were you.”
“Quite right.” I nodded in somewhat solemn agreement at the reminder of how much chance lay in the balance still. All we had left to do was wait, and hope.
so much as a colleague by obligation,” James sneered, but there was no venom in it. I could not tell if that lack of bite in his words was caused by exhaustion, or by a hidden affection for Silver, but any attempts at discovering the truth behind that were a waste of time at the moment. James McGraw was a difficult enough man to get through the layers of, but it appeared that James Flint was infinitely more complicated to unveil.
In the past, such words would do little but enthrall me in the brilliance of Sherlock Holmes. His prose, so natural in its eloquence that I could not be helped to hang upon each word. After the evening we experienced, however, my dread doubled in my throat. I had a significant concern for the safety of Thomas Hamilton, and for the heart of my dear Mary. To think both these excellent people had invested themselves into loving a woman so indiscreet in her behaviour was bewildering to me—her deceitful nature must be transparent to them, especially when her lover was sneaking into her bedchamber under the cover of night with no apparent effort. Yet, my interactions with Lady Hamilton remained in my mind along with that concern; the contradiction of her manner with the evidence in front of me. All the times in which Holmes had regaled me in the past of emotional attachment and its failings played over in my mind. Just how foolish would mine and Mary’s investment for the Hamiltons prove to be? Would it risk overtaking our work? Could Holmes observe such emotion within me?
with that, this marks the end of Sherlock Holmes and the Lord in Disgrace! stay tuned on Sunday for the epilogue <3
“The lady that you know as Eleanor Guthrie, gentlemen, married one Mr. Woodes Rogers by way of a secret ceremony two months ago.” Holmes’ gaze remained fixed on Eleanor, eyes narrow in a predatory stare. “I understand the relationship commenced while the honourable gentleman was still wedded to another woman.”
,” Vane interrupted, loudly. “You may very well be right, Flint, but we can’t do anything about that in the middle of this fucking field, now can we?” He had an informal way of speaking that I had yet to see in any of James’ new colleagues, but his succinctness was much appreciated.
It appeared that James knew both these men well enough to speak to them with a casual air I had only seen him share with Silver up to this point. The pace of the conversation was giving me a feeling of whiplash so I asked the question that seemed most pertinent to me:
“We are not—” What was it that I wanted to say? Why was I reacting so strongly to James’ question? “It is not a comparison you can make, James, for mine and Holmes’ friendship has nothing in common with your affections for Thomas.”
Another voice joined with the first one, a gruff, low tone, that scraped like gravel into my ears. That was the voice of a man who did not waste time, and was not about to start now. “Flint, you stupid motherfucker, if you don’t come out
“Captain!” Silver’s collected tone sounded from behind James. His lip was split and the limp in his bad leg was far more pronounced than normal. He reached to grab James’ shoulder. “Flint, don’t—”
“Of course I do,” Max replied. “Do I need to remind you of all people, Charles Vane, just how far my contacts can reach?”
Mary stood, squeezing my shoulder in thanks. “I will show you where the rooms are. There should be enough for all of us, however—”
The sky turned the most remarkable shade of lilac, pink, and gold as light poured into our modest road in Marilés.
“I hope the good doctor has mentioned that Thomas and I are ardent admirers of your work, Mr. Holmes. I am ever so grateful and honoured to have your presence here this evening.” Mr. Woods, the butler, took our hats, along with Mary’s shawl. The remainder of the party had gathered within the entryway.
Almost as though reading my thoughts, a soft but decisive knock rattled on my bedroom door in that moment. I was supposed to be packing my things and possibly catching a short nap, but I answered nonetheless. I opened the door to find Holmes on the other side of it.
“I apologise, Watson. We are meant to be preparing for our departure from this place, and I should allow you the proper time to do so,” Holmes said, standing up again from his chair, indecisive about his movements. He rushed toward the door again, and therefore toward me, and I halted him with a hand on his chest.
I knew he could tell I was diminishing the significance of my injuries for his sake, but he did not mention it in the moment. Instead, James complied, twisting his body towards me the way I directed it. His muscles were so tense I was afraid they would snap the second I touched him.I began preparing a suture needle after cleaning the surrounding area of his wound. The bullet was nowhere to be seen, but the damage left behind was undeniable.
The man Lord Hamilton was talking to seemed enthralled with his words and, I would wager, had promptly forgotten why he had decided to counter him in the first place. This, I surmised, was perhaps something rather common in the act of disagreeing with the man. Lord Hamilton smiled with grace and looked at our group, aware of our arrival from the very moment we had walked into his parlour. The smile did not leave his face.
I could not speak past it. I only gave him a curt nod and he replied with the same. Then, I adjusted my grip on James’ faltering form and rode down the road, away from the burning train. I did not look back.
“I cannot claim I… enjoyed his company more than is true, Holmes, but to display as you did before a Peer of the Realm so soon after your return to your career; it is reckless.” Something harsh tinged within the core of my chest in that moment. It was not an unfamiliar feeling around my companion, and yet such an emotion brought me distress all the same. My composure remained, however, and Holmes smoothly continued our discussion. I did my best to follow his thought, pretending as if no change within me had occurred.
Holmes looked up at the gentleman with a furrowed brow. Were I less familiar with the behaviour of the man beside me, I may have scolded him for his impropriety. Instead, I offered a seat to our guest, and resigned myself to my writing desk to record any details.
“The route then found its way into Madi’s hands, which is how I met her. Silver could tell we were cut from the same cloth, could see that her and I were of one mind. I think—I believe that frightened him.” James sighed. “Now that I look back on myself, I can see why. The man I was then—I did not much care what would happen to me, for I saw no reason to stay alive. I threw myself in front of the fire and I did not care who else would burn to cinders. In a bid to protect his wife from what he saw was a dangerous influence, Silver— he did something that disrupted our efforts, briefly.” The sentence seemed to stick to James’ throat. “I—it is too much of a difficult story to impart in full, but the trust between him and Madi, between me and him, was damaged that day, damaged to what I thought was beyond repair. The reason why he came with me to Glasgow was because he hoped to earn his absolution for his perceived faults.” James rubbed his eyes, whether chasing sleep from them or wiping at a dampness there, I could not say. “Once he knew of the chance that Thomas could be alive, he wanted to do everything in his power to save him. At first I thought it was to repair his relationship with Madi but— I would be lying now if I said I did not know that he is doing it for my sake alone.”
“I hope it’s all to your liking, folks!” A young, clean-shaven man with curly black hair beamed at us from his spot near the bar. His smile was bright and welcoming, though, I thought, it did not appear to reach his eyes. He waved his right hand at us, and I wondered why he elected to shout across the tavern rather than speak at an appropriate volume at closer proximity to us. The owner huffed and rolled her eyes but did not seem surprised at this display.
“Doctor, if I could steal you for a moment?” Blood was running from his brow and his face was covered in soot, giving Rackham a rather devilish look. “You are needed in the cargo hold.”
“Have you a given name, Miss Max?” I asked before I could stop myself. My words made Silver smile, for some reason.
“Once we leave England, Watson, we cannot return. Perhaps, we never will. If the interception of this transport goes as planned, no matter what the outcome of it is, we are sealing our fate in the eyes of the British Empire.” The shadows of sunrise cast across Holmes’ eyes from the window, and I felt a chill come over me.
, I thought desperately, in fear that if our friend had spent time in a place like this, he may already be well beyond saving.
they named had enough power to garner such a response from T—from Lord Hamilton, perhaps this was the same man. Who else would have held enough knowledge under oath that Thomas Hamilton may have elected to indict himself, rather than allow him to testify? And who else would have held knowledge of
“I believe I understand what you mean,” I said slowly. We turned down a street as we saw a sign directing us to the post office. “Do say, Miranda, what was it you wished to speak with me about?” The woman beside me paused for a moment at my question, the red on her cheeks from the cold betraying the grim expression on her face. She took a deep breath.
“Well, James, your friend certainly is quite the character,” Mary spoke first. She was jovial in her tone, though, as she always did enjoy eccentric conversation with bizarre individuals.
surprise! we're changing our posting schedule to now be sunday, tuesday, thursday! i hope you enjoy the new chapter :)
It did not matter what influence or dark channels Miss Max could manipulate. It did not matter what influence Holmes or his brother yielded. Despite the fact that it had been years since his incarceration, the news of Thomas Hamilton’s resurrection would resurface in the darkest echelons of high society—and Holmes’ involvement in it would not be able to be ignored. Additionally, Lord Ashbourne and Lord Ashe’s deaths in tandem with such an event would tie him to their demise in an instant. If Holmes was not to return to London, then I certainly was not to do so either, for I stubbornly refused to be parted from him again. On top of that, I doubted the decimation of his career or reputation could leave me unscathed. If Holmes was to be forced out of London a second time, he would not leave without me.
“Quite right. I shall send wires to any contacts that may be able to provide useful information to us about Lieutenant McGraw’s whereabouts outside of the Hamilton estate.”
I could not defy the request of such a lilting voice belonging to a man I cared so much for. I attempted to curl toward him for a brief grasp at the closeness we shared the night before, but instead I was met with fabric being thrown in my direction. Of course, I would be a fool to say his restlessness was not expected.
“Eleanor Guthrie?” The fire in James’ eyes returned then, and a hush came over his voice. Silver looked similarly shocked at this revelation.
Therefore, the man beside him—with short, blond hair, calm disposition, and a warm smile—had to be Lord Thomas Hamilton. There was a poise about him unlike that of his father, such that one was not required to assume who led the readings and discussions we were to embark on. His command did not come from any intimidation or aggression, however. Instead, he held the room with the same gentle persuasion and powerful presence that I had noticed in his wife. The both of them seemed capable of understanding and respecting any individual they came into contact with, all whilst consuming no effort on their part. As if caring for others came with an ease akin to breathing. There was an unspeakable charisma about the man, ready to draw in even the most skeptical of observers. I could feel myself enchanted already, waiting to hear what he would say.
I took in a deep breath. Considering the context of our conversation, Thomas’ suggestion was clear—yet, I attempted to comfort myself anyway.
Several times throughout the course of the evening, Thomas had referred to McGraw as his friend, in a brotherly, warm manner. It did not escape my notice that Miranda was quiet at any mentions of the Lieutenant, becoming rather enraptured with her food, thereby making something unpleasant coil deep in my stomach. I had been hoping that—despite the mounting evidence in favour of it—the rumours of an affair would return unfounded after all. Alas, Miranda’s behaviour did little to dissuade my doubts of Lieutenant McGraw’s place in her affections. Several times, I caught her glancing at Thomas with concern when he mentioned his friend’s name, though Thomas himself seemed oblivious to it. Thinking of the reasons behind this look in her eyes made the food I was eating turn into ash in my mouth. It was not fair, I thought in desperation, that two people as bright as them would be embroiled in such an unpleasant affair. If only there was a way for love to function differently!
“It was rather an eventful afternoon, you see,” he began, finding a seat in his chair as he buzzed with the energy of the day. “Given the political ventures of Thomas Hamilton within the offices of Whitehall, I gathered that a liaison of Lieutenant McGraw’s rank must have been provided accommodations around the area by the Royal Navy. I sent in an inquiry to the library for any housing records in the area with ties to the Navy, or any political figures tied to it, and discovered a list of possible lodging options within the neighbourhoods surrounding Parliament. After narrowing down the possibilities, with current tenant records, as well as the size needed for lodgings of a single man, I was able to discern where the Lieutenant resides.
A buzz of laughter came from several directions. Mary, handkerchief in hand, wiped her eyes of the lingering tears there as James tore himself away from his lover, slow and methodical. Silver approached him and reached to touch James’ elbow but seemed to think better of it. Mary hugged Thomas herself and I approached him then, feeling weak in the knees. Thomas seemed dazed—for how overwhelming this must all be for him, after five years of complete isolation and bone-crushing loneliness—but his face broke into a wide smile as he saw me.
Sherlock knows precisely to what tension Thomas refers, and it grates along his memories the same as the ticking clock does. He weaves his small pipe through his fingers a moment before packing a pinch of tobacco into it. The thin veil of armour it provides is a necessity to move forward.
“For the Earl to have gained the evidence provided against Thomas Hamilton, he would have needed someone close to his son to turn over sensitive documents and accounts. Even more so, he would have needed testimony from a trusted individual, who worked with his son in close quarters in the months before his arrest.
Everything was spinning. Debris and stone was raining all around us and all I could do was curl upon myself in a pure instinct of self preservation. Despite my shock, despite the tremors wrecking my body, despite the horrendous fear that I felt, I knew what this was. I had seen it far too many times to mistake it for anything else. This was an explosion. An explosion that had come from the neighbouring room, the one we were told was empty. A planned one, no less.
“I will be all right,” Mary reassured me for what felt like the hundredth time, her hands gently resting on my shoulders.
“Why should I bother to revere what is proper if he cannot think to address his own son with respect?”
“Quite the opposite, in fact. Increase your pace a bit, if you are able, Watson. I have a rather strong suspicion that we may be returning to Palace Street this evening.” I followed his direction with diligence, and quickened my step as much as it would allow before transforming to a jog. Even whilst looking away from his face, I swear I could
As we reached the landing, I could see in plain view the predicament before us. Vane and Rackham had been bound against two of the posts in the tavern, faces bloodied and bruised from multiple sprawling blows that must have gone unseen by our party. The source of said blows could most likely be attributed to the two rather large men beside them, prodding the ends of their pistols against their temples. Miss Guthrie, proud as ever, stood back near the bar and watched with a keen eye as we understood the truth of the matter at hand. She nodded towards someone and I felt a pressure at my back, heard Holmes’ hitched breath.
“What conclusions may we reach from these observations, Holmes? Is McGraw truly just a standoffish official, or is he hiding something more nefarious? Shall I continue to pursue the proposed friendship with the Hamiltons that Mary has so initiated?” I attempted to maintain composure through my account, disregarding the oppressive emotion rattling within me.
“They— It is a practise of surgery performed on the brain. Frowned upon in many civilised institutions as it is considered to be unnecessarily cruel. I would—I would assume that, whatever place these men came from, the doctors there had no such scruples.”
“I resent the implication, Captain! I was telling a few stories to my new friends, that is all,” Silver replied, a false sense of scandal lining his words as he placed a hand upon his chest. “At least, I hope I was not taking too much of a hold upon our conversation. Meeting new people has always been quite exciting.”
My breath caught in my throat, painful and raw. I hoped, I prayed to get out of this alive. I prayed to see those I loved again. I prayed for a final chance to hear Holmes’ voice again.
“Read for yourself, Watson. Tell me what you see,” he retorted, flashing a sharp smile as he handed me the offending article. The envelope was unmarked and unremarkable, save for the name
“Gentlemen, I do hope you enjoyed your visit this evening. Miranda and I would love to have your company in a more modest setting in the future, if that suits you of course,” the young Lord expressed in earnest. Holmes’ expression was one of a studious nature, quite in contrast with our gracious host.
As I had begun to take note of Holmes’ account, I reached a point of stopping before answering his question.
“Hello, Watson. I hope you do not mind my rude intrusion, however I thought my insight may prove vital in preventing the unnecessary murder of an innocent man. And you know how much I despise things that are unnecessary.”
James and I both shot our gaze back up to Holmes then. Was this why he had come all this way despite stating he would not do so? Was all of it some detailed misdirection to take Lord Ashe off James’ trail? I could not fathom the depths to which Holmes referred to, and my gut lurched at the thought.
Reynolds: Would you have any reason to suspect Viscount Henderson—a known colleague of yourself and your father—to spread such harmful falsehoods about Mr. Perry?
There was movement behind me as I realised that Thomas too had gotten up from his chair and moved closer to me, the distance between us now reduced to almost nothing. “I meant no offence,” he said, softness lining his tone. He was so close that I could almost feel his breath on the back of my neck. “That shadow is often a rather comforting place to be. Many can be afraid of the darkness it casts, however I find that darkness is rather conducive to discovery and a breaking down of the societal norms we so often chain ourselves within.”
“Protect me?” Even though he cannot see it, Sherlock can almost hear Thomas raising his eyebrow. “I was a Peer of the Realm, a Member of Parliament and of the Privy Council. With all my respect, Mr. Holmes, there was nothing you could have done to protect me. My father’s influence reached far beyond what you could ever hope to affect. Had you intervened, it would have meant more hurt for you, for John, for Mary. I can only be glad that this did not come to pass.”
Mary smiled at me, despite the clear unease in her eyes. Her anxiety perturbed me greatly. My wife is not a woman to fear for no good reason, and few things from our shared past have caused this particular look to appear on her face. I have endured the height of wartime, the peril of villainous criminals, the thrill of uncovering the means to a most convoluted conflict. And yet, in this very moment, the Hamilton affair felt more dangerous, more personal, than all fear I had experienced before. I grasped Mary’s hand in my own, a small attempt to assuage the disquieting feeling coursing between the both of us.
“What have you uncovered of the Hamilton affair, Holmes?” I was keen to hear of his thoughts and deductions before I presented my own.
Vane nodded and took the map out. Without a word, Anne turned around so he could spread it over her back. Just as I was about to join them in exploring it, Rackham’s voice sounded near me.
In the early afternoon of that same day, I was saying goodbye to one person from our party, the one person I thought I would never have to be parted from for very long.
For all their nonchalance, no one seemed to be marginally worried that James was ready to kill Silver with his bare hands. I wondered whether this was all just a bizarre dream.
“Unfortunately,” Holmes continued through my stupor, “I could not have known that they were planning to kill you and using Lord Ashbourne as bait.”
that I will not let your Lord Hamilton be taken by these bastards. Yes, we got the route wrong, but there is still hope. They all leave from the ferry port. The second route intersects a station not too far from here. If you and Watson do not slow us down with your wounds, we will be able to get there much more quickly and Rackham still has a barrel of gunpowder left, yes?” The logical, clear way in which Silver was putting things seemed to put James at some ease. “
“But, of course, L—Thomas! I cannot say I have witnessed such thrilling conversation from another soul, outside of my dear friend here. It was a pleasure to see young minds share as you do.”
“Lord Ashbourne,” I interjected. “What is it that brings you to inquire after the aid of Holmes and myself?”
I could do little to help the aghast reaction across my face at Holmes’ words. A decade with this man at my side, and still his ability to stay one step ahead of me drew my unending attention. I glanced over at Mary to see a knowing smirk upon her, mirroring the look Holmes offered me just a moment before.
“Miranda,” James growled between his clenched teeth, but she gave him a look and whatever refutation he was beginning to make was squashed. Mary reappeared in an instant with a bottle of clear liquid, a fresh cloth and even some clean bandages she had managed to find from somewhere. She then disappeared once again in the direction of the kitchen.
“Wouldn’t be for the first time,” James groaned, at the absolute very end of his energy. He was leaning on Miranda perhaps a bit more than he would have liked to admit but his eyes would not leave those of Miss Scott, shining with affection that he was unable to hide.
Perchance, I would have noticed Holmes walk up beside me had I not been so overcome with McGraw’s tone. As he entered my vision, however, another voice carried across the parlour.
“Excellent! In the interim, we have little to do but study the lives of those we have been recently acquainted with.”
“Some alcohol also would not go amiss, my dear,” Miranda said, ripping James’ sleeve to expose a deep, bleeding gash on his shoulder that I recognised as a shrapnel wound from the explosion debris. “And a clean cloth, if you can find one.”
“I shall look into your… dilemma, Lord Ashbourne. The letter will stay in my care, safe from any indiscreet eyes. Think of it as my favour to Her Majesty’s nobles,” he smiled. Had I not known him as well as I do, I may have taken it as genuine. Perhaps, that is why a returning grin spread across the Earl’s face. There was something rather unpleasant about this grin, it left me feeling perturbed.
Thomas seemed bashful, yet pleased at his wife’s assessment. He planted a gentle, quick kiss on her hand as it lay on his shoulder. It was not the first time tonight that I had seen this casual affection between them—they were rather open with their displays of care towards each other. The devotion they shared did nothing but fuel my confusion and interest at our recent revelations. If Miranda was so clearly fond of her husband—and he was no less so of her—why was she liaising with his colleague in the middle of the night, via the servants’ entryway?
“I have been so lucky as to hear of some recent adventures my dear John has engaged with in recent months,” Mary said, taking my hand in hers over the table. ”Mr. Holmes has never failed to intrigue me with his skills, although I do not wish to speak of a man in his absence.”
“I am grateful, as always. I shall wire the Earl of Ashbourne first thing in the morning to ask for an extension of the deadline he has set me; I will not go into detail of the circumstances for I do not wish to sow panic however I do feel it is reasonable, considering the careful approach this case needs. Now, do get some rest before tomorrow, we have much to do!”
“John, my love, you must know I hold your comfort above many things in life. I assure you, if you relay to me your concerns in confidence, they will remain safe in my heart.” I knew her words held truth, and perhaps the intensity of the events today were clouding my better judgment that urged me to keep our case confidential. Something in the far reaches of my mind determined this was not a simple case of carelessness, however. With her knowledge of Lady Miranda Hamilton, Mary could certainly be of help in untangling this complicated knot. Besides—short of Sherlock Holmes—there was no one I trusted more in this world than my wife.
In an attempt to quell our worry for James’ absence, we decided to indulge in a full Scottish and take our time with the early morning. Once delivered, the fry-up appeared adequate at first glance, but upon the first bite of sausage, I very nearly spat it out. I swallowed it to maintain any level of propriety I could manage, but after trying the disastrous pile of eggs, I did not dare take my chances with whatever else was on this plate. With a resigned sigh, I pushed the platter away in favour of my half filled cup of tea. Mary and Miranda had much the same reaction to their breakfasts, and we shared a worried look. I did not wish to forego the comfort of a good breakfast, but this would certainly not do. If we had to go looking for breakfast somewhere, we could easily miss James when he returned to the inn as he said he would.
I placed the letter in my inner coat pocket just before hearing a knock on my door. On the other side was none other than Miranda.
Mary and Miranda walked up to their cottage and wished us a pleasant night. I realised then that the last of the three, the one at the end of the road with the great oak tree and the white wooden fence was the one that had been assigned to myself and Holmes. I had not questioned this; had not even considered what our living arrangements would be so far ahead. I wondered then, if Mary had known that the events of recent days would have had the effect of revelation I so experienced. Was my wife so astute in her knowledge of me, of Holmes, to know that the view of James and Thomas’ affections would hurl us out of our decades of hiding in shadow? The answer did not matter, I supposed. As the other five members of our strange new family ventured into the havens of their new homes, Holmes and I stood before our own threshold in silence for just a moment.
The following events unfolded in such rapid pace, that neither I nor Holmes could do anything to prevent them. In the very blink of an eye, Lieutenant McGraw was upon the officer, the two of them clutched in what looked to be a bloody, violent brawl. McGraw clearly had the upper hand, and was the more skilled fighter of the two. While the shorter man had clearly managed to land at least a punch on him—for McGraw’s face was certainly bloodied—the man I had grown to know as a quiet, stern Lieutenant now fought like the devil himself was driving him. His fist rose and fell, and rose, and fell, and even from where we were sitting, I could see how his knuckles collided with the other man’s nose and broke the bone.
“Peter knew.” James’ voice was weak, and he seemed as if his legs would not hold him up much longer. “He knew Thomas was alive.”
“Quite right,” I concurred, and hit the reins against our horse ever so slightly to move toward it. The interior of the cottage was dark, but I leapt off our steed in haste anyway. I helped James down and wrapped my arm around him for balance. I knocked my free hand against the door, praying that it wouldn’t fall on deaf ears. At first, there was no response, but James removed his uninjured arm from its place on my shoulders and knocked a rhythm against the wood that was rather specific.
Thomas was watching me with intent and I squirmed in my seat, feeling like my breath had been kicked out of me. I dared not entertain the notion of what was happening here, what his rolled up sleeves and crooked smile were suggesting; it was much too dangerous to even attempt to broach my assumptions with the young Lord.
“I…” Sherlock stammers for a moment, the smell of smoke from his pipe enveloping his senses. “I did not know you were aware of what your father swore to take from me. I did not think it relevant.”
“I take it the plan did not go as we thought it would?” Silver raised an eyebrow, clearly unperturbed by James holding him up against the wall. “And if you’re going to push me up against the wall, you’re gonna have to pay like everyone else I’m afraid. Though I might be willing to give you a steep discount.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr.—Silver, was it?” Mary spoke just as James’ scowling was becoming audible. “I am—”
CWs for this chapter: intense violence, graphic description of medical malpractice, emetophobia, medical violence
“You know, Mr. Holmes, I do not think your presence was welcomed into my tavern. I could have half a mind to shoot you right this moment. Tell me, why shouldn’t I?” The threat behind her words was not hollow and it shook me deep to my core. I now felt anger bloom in my own breast, too—I would not, under any circumstances, lose Holmes just as we had begun to mend things between us. Despite what one may presume of Miss Guthrie, the command she held was unparalleled.
A surprised jolt came over him at that as he inhaled, as though the words had awoken him from a dream.
“Relax. No one knows you’re here.” The man next to me—Jack, it would seem—waved his hand. “They think we’re just common thieves, looking to rob some rich men out of the money they have earned by virtue of sitting on their arses. On any other day, they would not be wrong.”
. In the drawer are several extremely sensitive documents and letters, with the names and addresses of several dozen men. Doctor Watson should retrieve these letters and, if he finds it appropriate, share them with his colleague. They would only be safe in his hands.”
Unable to procure a response, I placed a comforting hand on his forearm. James accepted it, and although the tension in his frame remained, his breathing seemed to ease up ever so slightly.
“Judging by his uniform, as well as the way McGraw is seated across him, I would wager him to be a superior of his. A Captain, at the very least, or even an Admiral. I would not think it matters much what he is, so much as who he is in relation to the Lieutenant.” Holmes leaned a bit closer to me, his weight bringing a comfort to this risk fueled evening. If I shifted to return the closeness, Holmes did nothing to mention as such. “Have you noticed how, when McGraw speaks, his attention can be rather intense? I have not had the pleasure to converse with the gentleman myself, however I am sure that his rapt and perceptive nature did not escape your notice. He is a quiet man, who prefers to listen rather than speak, even when in the company of a magnanimous persona such as Lord Thomas Hamilton. Observe him here, with this superior of his, Watson. This is perhaps the most comfortable I have ever seen the Lieutenant—as close, I would say, to having his guard down as this man could get. This leads me to deduce that the man opposite him is not merely a superior, but perhaps a friend, or even family. In either case, he is undoubtedly a man whose approval McGraw chases.”
Holmes steepled his fingers under his chin as he was often prone to do before laying out his findings. “I can agree that the casual way in which Lady Hamilton greeted us upon our arrival at the Hamilton estate did little to disprove the Earl’s indication of the unconventional nature of his daughter-in-law. What did strike me, however, was the demeanour of our hosts upon personal introduction. Thomas—as he insists we refer to him—was clearly not the pawn of his wife’s fantastical, villainous schemes as the Earl had so vividly described him as; quite the contrary. So quick in his wit and so very accurate and sharp in his rebuttals to his guests, one must doubt that such a man would easily fall to the ill will of anyone, much less a woman such as the Lady. Whilst he does strike me as rather naive in his convictions, particularly those pertaining to wider societal issues that he seems convinced he can solve with the power of discourse and enough glasses of wine, he is anything but a weak-willed individual. On the contrary, I believe he could be very powerful and destructive in his ire should one have reason to draw this upon themselves.
“To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit today, Lord Ashbourne?” Holmes chimed in from his spot, lounging across his armchair, feet crossed over the other. He did not stand to greet him, unlike myself, as I clutched a firm, clammy hand with my own in welcome. Holmes’ leisurely appearance seemed to misplace the Lord’s words for a moment as he attempted an answer.
“It is… an honour to meet you, Lord Hamilton,” I forced out in an attempt to acknowledge my status in the matter. To contradict someone so above me in the hierarchy of London would not be solely foolish, but detrimental. And yet, something in his demeanour—the charming smirk, the dramatic greeting—told me that such contrary words would be welcome. As if his title, his family name, and his position were little but a facade, beneath which lay a man attuned with the life and humour of a common man such as myself. I dared not test my theory in that moment, however. Not with the dozen sets of eyes upon me, scrutinising my every move; including that of Holmes, Lieutenant McGraw, Lady Hamilton, and Mary.
Another officer from the group attempted to go at McGraw from the back, yet McGraw was quicker—he blocked the attack and grabbed the man’s collar, smashing his face into the bar with considerable strength that I would not have guessed he possessed from his form. I stood up then to go to them—for what reason, I could not fathom in a logical sense so much as an emotional one. It seemed completely unfair that two people should go against one, even if the Lieutenant was more than capable of taking on more of them if needed. However, before any advancement in my thought was possible, Holmes’ hand on my arm aborted my movement.
“I have reached rather the same conclusion. My introduction to the Lady this afternoon indicated her nature to be little but a devoted wife, unconventional as she may be,” I replied. Despite my despair at my circumstances within this case, it was refreshing to be able to provide equal input with Holmes. It was not uncommon for me to provide assistance in our work, though I felt that Holmes was giving me a more significant grip upon the Hamilton affair than others in the past.
“Bristol,” came John Silver’s voice, speaking over whatever other profanity was about to leave James’ mouth. “We left the information in Bristol, with one of our men. It was too dangerous to have in our possession.” A look passed between Silver and James, one that only lasted a second, yet did not go unnoticed by me. I felt some relief. These men had a plan. “You need to go to the Admiral Benbow Inn, in Bristol. There, you will meet a man by the name of Manderly, William Manderly. Billy Bones, he is also known as. He has the coordinates, in a sealed envelope that myself and the Captain entrusted him with before we came here.”
“When we met, you told me of how deeply you disdained your father’s work, and how keen you were to dismantle his hold on you,” James said, as though just now beginning to quell the urge to scream. “Would you care to enlighten me as to what changed?”
“Perhaps not, no,” she beamed. “I have made a new friend, you see, during my visit to the Harringtons’ newest art exhibition last week. She is positively brilliant, John, easily the most fascinating woman I have ever met. I can’t wait for you to meet her!”
“Lord Ashbourne,” Holmes spoke after a breadth of silence had spread across the parlour. “My business is not one of a mercenary, or a social assassin. I am interested, with exclusion, in the truth. If your wish in hiring me is to bring an ill name upon your son’s wife, then I must deny your request in earnest. If you are able to provide me some evidence of validity toward your inclination, I would be happy to be informed of such. If not, I must ask that you leave.”
The only thing to break me away from this new discovery was Thomas’ voice, rough around the edges and somewhat muffled from where his face was still pressed into James’ shoulder.
believe I was going to let you take on this dangerous endeavour all alone, did you? Not in Glasgow of all places, our second base of operations? We have eyes everywhere, Captain, lest you forget. Eyes that you have used for information, too.”
“We faced some… injuries, and there were a few complications. The others stayed behind to find him,” I clarified.
Holmes’ thoughts trailed off uncharacteristically as he met James’ eyes. Something unspoken passed through them, silent but powerful. There was a minute nod of James’ head, one that could have been missed by a less observant man.
if you would like to skip the graphic description of medical malpractice, stop reading at the line "... but my words died in my throat as we entered the cargo hold." and start reading again at "Watson!"
“Well, in short, because I believe that we have something you need, and you have something we need.”
James abandoned whatever argument he seemed to be ready to start and we led the other two back to our horses. I rode with the man named Jack, while James was helped up on his stallion by his companion. We reached a clearing after ten minutes or so of high-speed riding which was when we felt it was safe enough to finally break the silence.
the smirk upon his lips. This was the beating heart of our work together—the thrill of the chase, the adventure, thrumming like music in our blood and our bodies—and the joy emanating from my friend echoed through to my own heartbeat. Seeing Holmes so energised brought me a visceral joy, for I had worried that, after the Moriarty affair, he would have difficulty stepping back into this role. Now I could see that for him, doing this work was as easy as breathing. He had a genuine deep love for it, a love men ordinarily reserved for their spouses. That thought stung my heart in a most unexpected way.
Sherlock lets out a small, airy laugh despite himself. “I thought, at the time and until recently, that my efforts were doubly harmful. Though I was protecting John, I was convinced my actions led to your demise, and therefore to the loss of someone John held dear. I…” Sherlock struggles to articulate it for a moment.
“Long John Silver,” the regal-looking woman said, looking at him. “Do not tell me I had to once again cross an ocean to save you from the trouble you have caused.”
“You are okay with this?” I asked, finally. “I realise that you most likely did not mean to abandon your life in London when you agreed to come to Glasgow with me.”
We made our way down the stairs and out the door of the inn, and ventured out into the chilled Glasgow streets. There were not many other pedestrians walking along the rather quiet road, so our privacy could remain intact. Her arm wound around mine as we walked and our boots made unpleasant damp noises in the mud. I noticed her dress was getting stained but she did not seem to care much.
“Ah, yes, of course, of course. Well, I wished to see you all the same, even if you cannot regale me with new engagements at Baker Street.”
“Vane, Rackham, and Bonny have their own plans upon the success of the heist, yes? After all, they were never there for Thomas to begin with, their goals lay in undermining Richard Guthrie. But, Silver will be coming here. I wonder, I suppose, why that is? He has a wife to return to, does he not?”
“Excellent! Let us reconvene here, come evening, to bring about any new developments. Now, be gone, Watson, we have an adventure before us!”
Within the half hour, we arrived at the elegant home of Lord and Lady Hamilton, nestled in the heart of St. James. The outside of the home was immaculate, adorned in sculpted marble and intricate masonry. We were greeted, among a small group of guests, by Lady Hamilton herself, beside a butler. Had I not met her just hours previous, I would have been more taken aback by the informality, but any disturbed emotion I may have felt was replaced with the same lingering dread.
“If my Irregulars prove correct—of which they rarely fail to do—Lord and Lady Hamilton have spent the afternoon at home. Any status on guests under their roof was more difficult to uncover, however the eyes I employed to keep watch upon the estate stated that the carriage remained in its parked position for the rest of the evening after our departure last night. With this information before me, I could do little but to conclude that McGraw did not return to his lodgings yesterday, and it appears he has yet to return to them still.”
“I do not know much of Vane. The question of the value of living when your mind is warped and altered in such a manner is one I cannot answer. I am not of a higher power to dictate such value upon others. What I can say to you, James, is that regardless of the state Thomas is in when he is found, not one man on that mission will lay a harmful hand upon him without your consultation.”
“I believe so, Watson. In fact, I am quite convinced that this Admiral holds a rather considerable sway over our friend the Lieutenant. Whether that is a good or a bad thing, I am not in a position to say as of yet. Quiet, now. He is approaching—we do not want to be observed.”
Exasperated, James stuffed a random assortment of papers in his coat pocket. His hands still trembled as he reloaded the three bullets in the chamber of his revolver but his eyes were clearer, no longer fogged with the frenzy I had seen before. The blood was still running down his face.
The dim firelight of the lantern beside the door warmed the area as we entered the cottage. Our cottage. Holmes walked in front of me, and I locked the door behind us. No oil lamps were illuminated as we stood in the quiet. The darkness swirled around us, suffocating me with nearly two decades of waiting—of shame.
“You have gone to great lengths to continue my work over the years. You have helped many men, who would have otherwise faced fates worse than mine had you not intervened,” Thomas explains gently. “You have ensured James’ safety and brought me back to him, unharmed. You have just now reassured me that James’ feelings for me are unchanged. I would say this is plenty to be thankful for, Mr. Holmes.”
“Quite right, quite right. Your passion today indicates some importance, however. Am I wrong in saying so?”
“Quite so! I met the Captain in Savannah just a few years back, in fact. Remind me to tell you the story of how we met, it is—”
“Do not flatter yourself,” Max huffed. “Madi and I have important work in Glasgow that does not concern you. The nature of which—” she raised her voice when James opened his mouth to interrupt. “The nature of which is highly confidential.”
At this, James began pacing about the small room with his hand on his head. His breaths quickened, and Holmes took pause in his story for a moment. I could do little but watch as Holmes’ truth unraveled before us, and tore James apart. Silver, on his part, seemed to be ruminating, filling in gaps of the story that had been unknown to him before. He looked at James.
John’s face twists at the request, and Sherlock’s stomach seems to match the conflict in equal measure. He is not afraid of Thomas, but he knows that, of their group, the two have shared the least words between one another. Sherlock is aware, rather acutely, how his actions five years ago were a hefty contributor to where all of them sit in this moment, and the reminder of such days weighs on him heavier than ever in Thomas’ presence.
“They must have changed their plans last minute,” Holmes huffed, adjusting his grip on me. “Vane, have you the map that Madi provided you with?”
“Quite right, my friend,” Holmes replied without looking back at Jack. “Here to inform Mr. Flint of some rather delicate information he may wish to know.”
” Without a second thought, every single patron of The Hangman’s Rest scurried out the door, cowering from the owner’s raised voice almost as much as from the bloodied, feral man before them. Vane and Rackham seemed unperturbed at the scene happening in front of them and they sauntered over to the bar.
“That would be the natural assumption, yes. Although, you know of my unwillingness to theorise without all the facts, Watson. This is little but another piece to the ever growing puzzle before us.”
, one that put in grave danger that which the young, disgraced Lord held most dear?” Holmes looked at James, who had collapsed back into his seat, his hands shaking. In my friend’s eyes, I could see genuine regret and sympathy. “Thomas Hamilton was a shrewd man, Mr. Flint, and he knew, in precise terms, what that witness was to do the moment he took the stand. I daresay he was rather correct in his assessment. The damage wrought by that testimony, had it been allowed to happen, would have been catastrophic. For us all, but more than anyone else, you.”
Without another look at us, Eleanor opened the door and shot a glance over her shoulder before she walked out: “Kill them all.”
“Yes, I feel that is what is wisest now,” I confirmed. “Holmes is out as we speak, in search of an invitation he already possesses. Perhaps, in the interim, we should prepare for our evening plans.”
“John…” she began, hesitation in her tone. What could she have gathered from this case that I could not find without additional context? “I fear this case may be too dangerous for Holmes to involve himself in. What I know of the Hamiltons alone, what is spoken of behind closed doors and drawn curtains… You are much too close to these affairs for my comfort. You must tell Holmes you cannot participate in this case.”
“Good Lord,” I whispered to myself. They were the first words I had spoken in what felt like ages, but the weight of Holmes’ explanation burdened me too much to maintain silence.
A tremor comes over Sherlock, first in his hands. He sets down the shaking pipe, and places both palms against the stones of the mantle to keep himself from breaking any fragile items in his reach. The rage that Alfred Hamilton’s misdeeds brings him is still palpable, despite knowing the man has not been alive for months. He takes a deep breath, and closes his eyes.
“Very astute observations on your behalf, Watson. Based on your account, I believe the next step in our plan must be to pursue an investigation into the very nature and purposes of Lieutenant McGraw. He would seem to hold a key to the chest with the answer to this mystery. While you were not stationed with the Navy yourself, would you happen to hold any contacts in veteran circles that could inform where Naval officers of his rank would spend leisure time?”
“How can this be the wrong transport?” I asked, looking from Vane to Holmes, bewildered. “I thought the reconnaissance—”
“Oh, perhaps then you are implying that your feelings for John are less important, less sincere than mine for James?” Thomas’ head is tilted to one side. He has the expression of a man who knows that he is winning a battle. His hands have steadied. “Because I am certain this is not so. I have known it for some time, perhaps before you admitted it to yourself. So do you see now, Mr. Holmes, why I cannot blame you for protecting the one you love at any cost? It is what men like us are wont to do. We would set the world on fire for their sake and happily watch it burn, while counting ourselves right with God. They are our weak spots and my father knew how to exploit them. It is something only you and I will ever understand.”
shall be the crown jewel in his ever so varied body of work. For I am certain that the great philosopher is now approaching the sunset of his life, and it is natural for a man in such a position to wish to share the parts of his life that he deems made it worth living. I do so doubt that it is a work fuelled by ego, for is this not the man who wrote that ‘pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes?’ There are other reasons, dear fellow, why one would wish to turn to biographical writing in life.”
Blind to anyone else in the room, Silver hobbled over to the woman, grabbed her face in both of his and kissed her, wild and unashamed, his entire body unfurling with relief I had not seen in the man before.
After years and oceans apart, here they stood at an impasse, mere steps away from each other. Thomas had changed, visibly aged much more than five years. A beard now spanned his jaw, his blonde hair was streaked with grey, and he was thinner, rougher, far from the pristine Lord I had once known. Through his rough linen clothes I could see a scar peeking out from his neck, another one on his bare forearm, the raised skin oddly coloured in the faint lights of the moon. However, his eyes were much the same, bright, awake, and, as they looked at James, overflowing with affection in a way I had never seen in another human being.
But, he is not afraid of him, and the man he sees seated across from John Watson is not one seeking vengeance or retribution for past cruelties. He speaks of sleep and of tea, and of the man he loves. So, Sherlock swallows the hint of dread in the pit of his gut, and speaks.
Breathless, Holmes went to tackle the man behind him and put him in an efficient headlock. James dodged a punch from his opponent. “Shoot the left one!” he yelled at Silver.
“Thank you for the invitation of assistance, Mr. Holmes. I take it you have wisdom as to my connection to the matter?” Mary chided. She always gained such joy from engaging Holmes’ mind, just as I did. Any unease I saw in her just hours before was now replaced with a thrill for adventure that Holmes so often awakened within the both of us.
The other stranger turned to me. He was a clean-shaven, muscular man, with a firm-set jaw and cropped, wavy hair. “Get back on the horse, we have to get out of here before anyone sees us,” the same deep, throaty voice came from his mouth. “We will have to share, I’m afraid. Jack and I were spotted by militia on the way here. We took care of them, however our horses paid the toll.”
“The gentleman was congratulating Lieutenant McGraw on his appointment as a liaison to the Hamiltons,” Holmes replied, speaking quietly and only barely moving his mouth. “Though I would assume his congratulations were not sincere in their entirety. He mentioned something about the ‘son of a carpenter’s mate’, which I assume refers to McGraw’s background. So you were correct, Watson—there is indeed some tension there.” Holmes hummed under his breath and knitted his eyebrows. “Oh, he has moved—I have a less clear view to his lips now—but from what I can tell, the gentleman is taunting the Lieutenant. Mark my words, Watson, I feel that this will not end well.”
Footsteps approached hurriedly up the stairs as banging started on the doors of the hallway, getting closer to us. This could mean nothing but certain death. I could not let this happen; I had promised Miranda that I would avoid this outcome at any cost and I had failed but I could not let it cost us our lives. I caught James’ elbow and pulled him with some force.
The man beside me shuddered, and his eyes met mine again. In this moment we were not doctor and detective, we were not biographer and subject. Here, after the storms and battles we faced, we were two men who had spent decades dreaming of the other, only for such dreams to finally come to fruition.
“In the meantime, we must get something to eat, I’m positively starved,” Mary said, waving down the waitress from the other side of the room. I could see that her free hand was hidden under the table, and soon, Miranda’s joined it, undoubtedly to tangle their fingers together.
“Watson, thank the Lord you are punctual as ever. Apologies for my tardiness, for I have made some novel discoveries indeed.” The conviction within him was focused, eager to divulge to my attentive ear.
In the early hours of the morning, after we had breakfasted and discussed the complex logistics of the endeavour we were to embark on, I lay, restless, in my bed milling over every detail of what all of us had discussed. Holmes, James, Jack, Charles, Silver, Anne, and myself were to venture out to perform the task at hand, while the others completed their roles elsewhere. Every piece of what Madi Scott and her crew had planned appeared sound, and it was as if every aspect was accounted for. And yet, my mind raced with the one core part of this all:
“Fucking took you long enough,” Vane growled. Another woman who I had not noticed had come from the shadow, in a gown entirely too beautiful to be in a place like this. She was working on Vane’s restraints.
“Thanks, Max, I know.” There was, surprisingly, no bite in James’ reply. “And yet you came all this way just to not let my stupid ass blow to bits. I’m flattered.”
I could not tolerate the distance between us any longer, and resigned myself to sit beside him on the cushions. We sat in silence for a moment as I formulated an answer on my lips.
“Quite right, Watson. Intriguing as that alone may be, it does nothing to answer the question of where to find him tonight. I kept my eyes peeled upon his residence, not so foolish as to attempt a break-in, but enough to gather where the common gathering spots of other stationed officers may be. Those, like McGraw, tasked with the work of handling bureaucracy during the lull Her Majesty’s Navy has faced in recent years. Just a few streets from McGraw’s apartment, as well as the home of the Hamiltons, I located the Red Lion public house in St. James’s. Modest enough to not displace our humble Lieutenant, but frequented by enough of those alike him in a professional manner. So, that is our destination this evening, Watson. Are you amenable to join me?”
Her somewhat performative bravado warmed my heart as it never failed to do, and I permitted a smile to emerge from me in reply.
Inside the cargo hold were four cages, with a man in each. From what I could see—and smell—they had been there a good while, sitting in their own filth. Even with the smell of ash and fire from outside, nothing could drown this out.
“Doctor Watson, Mr. Holmes.” On James’ face I could now see, for the first time since our reunion, something akin to happiness. “May I introduce you to my dear friend, Miss Madi Scott.”
“True,” James breathed, and I could feel his shoulder relaxing as much as he could under my hands. “I have no doubt in Madi and Max. I have every doubt in Silver, Vane, and Rackham, but I do hope that Anne Bonny’s scowl and your colleague’s presence will stop them from killing each other.” His eyes met mine and I could see that he was struggling with something, something that would not quite reach his voice. “Doctor. These— The men we saw in that first transport. What had been done to them?”
Holmes gasped and caught my elbow. “Watson, he has spotted us! We must not let him get away! Do not dawdle now, follow me, we’ve not a moment to lose.”
James did not meet my eyes, but I could see he was deep in thought. His fingers twisted the ring on his little finger absentmindedly. “Did I tell you the story of how I met John Silver, Doctor Watson?”
“This is certainly a lot of information a high-society London detective has, Mr. Holmes,” Silver sized Holmes up. “How was it that you got word of all these dark dealings?”
“Mr. Silver,” Thomas spoke, turning around to look at the man. It felt like the continuation of a conversation the two of them had started hours ago. Something passed between the two men, something that buzzed like an electric charge in the air. James seemed oblivious to it, dead to the world outside Thomas, where his face was buried in his shoulder.
“No need for any formal wear. Here you are,” he continued, tossing me a warm set of pyjamas and a red dressing gown. It appeared that Mary and Miranda had stocked the cottage in advance.
James seemed to exist in some other dimension of consciousness, as his fingers played with a loose thread from his shirt. He looked around at the room we were seated in—sparse at best in its furnishings, with ugly wallpaper from a previous ownership peeling off the walls. His eyes roamed, looking lost. Then, to my great surprise, he smiled; for the briefest second, he looked at least a decade younger.
And we did just that for much of the early evening, awaiting the sunset with a tension in the air. It was a joyous thing, to see my friend so motivated by the work that brought us together. A vigour ran within him, a fire roared behind his eyes, and some childish part of me; something hidden, buried in the depths of my heart, beamed at the image of this man beside me. But, thoughts alone do little more than burden a weight of shame upon my soul. I tear such prospects away with distracting articles about the political efforts of a young Lord Thomas Hamilton, hoping above all else that my attempts at decency do enough to leave these people unscathed by judgmental forces.
Thomas huffs a laugh, mostly to himself. “I should have guessed. He feared the same, you know. John. He was so terrified of the thought I may have romantic inclinations towards him, he very nearly walked into my fireplace that evening. The evening before James came to Baker Street, I believe, and made everything ever so clear to John.” Gentle amusement twinkles in Thomas’ eyes now, as if through the reflection of the fire in the hearth. “I can swear to you, hand on my heart, that I have only ever seen John as a close friend and nothing more. At the time, my heart was so very occupied by what James and I shared that I did not feel I had the space for much else.” His smile disappears and gives way to some deep sadness.
His story took the words from my mouth and left them outside my reach. Such an introduction befitted them better than I could have thought possible, and yet I felt a twinge of something in the back of my mind. The affection that bled through James’ story was undeniable, and while it was something I had allowed to warm my heart in recent weeks, the reality of things started to sit rather heavy upon my shoulders.
For a moment, the silence in the room was damp and heavy, and I felt it choking my lungs. We waited, and waited, and then, without another word, Eleanor Rogers turned on her heel and went to the door of The Hangman’s Rest.
“It is a rather sprawling and nebulous tale, gentlemen, but I assure you it is worth your time. First, I would like to make some things clear to you. Thomas Hamilton is alive, Mr. Silver is innocent, and the owner of this tavern is not as trustworthy as you may think.”
“Sherlock Holmes? The bloody detective?” Jack Rackham’s voice rang from the bar. “Just what we fucking needed.” However, I was blind and deaf to anything and anyone in the room now. Hearing the name said by someone who could confirm his presence to be beyond a fantasy made something within me shiver. He was here, before my eyes, for the first time in months. The adrenaline of the evening slammed against a wall of affection that I could do nothing to stop.
With my legs trembling, I approached the cages, hoping to see the men’s faces. It struck me then that they were all dark-haired. None of them were Thomas.
Tears fogged my eyesight as I saw the scene and I put an unconscious hand on James’ uninjured shoulder, whether to steady him or myself I was not certain. Holmes and Silver—visibly unharmed, save for a few scrapes, thank the Lord—stood on the side, next to their horses. Silver looked as if he were about to fall over with exhaustion, however my dear friend was as awake and alert as ever and as he met my eyes, Holmes gave me a small, relieved grin. How happy I was to see his face, how glad I was that he was alive and well!
However, I assure you it is of great social importance,” I stated, hoping my typical implicit way of speech with her continued to be effective.
“A Lord Alfred Hamilton, Fourth Earl of Ashbourne,” the housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, informed us. Holmes had given her explicit instruction to allow potential clients in without question, as his exasperation in recent months had reached an all time high. Heeled footsteps approached with fierce determination and there before my friend and I, stood the aforementioned Peer of the Realm looking rather distraught. The gentleman was adorned in a well tailored suit and top hat, seeming to wear his social status under the crown on his sleeve.
I cannot pretend I didn’t know what Holmes was referring to. Of course, the unspoken words between lines were familiar to me, however he could not know of such things.
“It is a matter that concerns my eldest son, Thomas. He’s been married now for just over five years, and though I have never approved of his choice of wife, there was little I could do to dissuade him. He married rather late—he was nearing thirty, many years out of Oxford—and I rather hoped that marriage would quell Thomas’ stubborn, foolhardy nature. It seems, gentlemen, that I had rather underestimated the wickedness of this woman. She speaks out of turn, often encouraged by Thomas himself, and behaves herself in a manner most unsuited to the wife of an Earl’s heir. Her contacts are numerous and capricious, and she often uses them to steer Thomas’ opinion in the most insidious ways. On top of it all, she has yet to provide him with an heir and has indicated no intention to do so for the foreseeable future. I am certain you can understand, gentlemen, how my disapproval of the woman has done little but grow in the time since their nuptials…” His words trailed off into silence, and Holmes took the chance to interject with a rather pronounced—to my ears, at least— lack of empathy for our client’s predicament.
The Earl took a breath in that moment, as if to take stock of the raw emotion flowing through his words. Such fervour ran through him, indicating to me just how invested he was in either protecting his son, or damning his daughter-in-law. By this point in the conversation, it appeared to lean toward the latter. He took a rather deep inhale, before continuing on with his statement.
“Don’t concern yourself with my injuries or my energy,” and truly, even when diminished and wounded, I did not doubt James’ capacity. “The rooms upstairs will be suitable.”
It is then that James looked at me. There was something scared and vulnerable in his eyes. “I don’t know.” It was perhaps the first time I had ever heard him say this, this man always so sure of himself. “It is— I love Thomas, of course I do. I have never stopped and I never will. But—” He ran his hand over his shorn head in an abstracted motion. “But I do not think I would know myself without Silver at my side. It would feel very much like— well, like losing a limb.” James took a deep breath, steeling himself. “It does not matter. Silver will do what Silver wants to do; he has never let others decide his fate for him and he is not about to start doing so now.”
“Miranda did convey your message that day, yes. I admit, I was not inclined to believe it at first, but… James’ response made it quite clear. Even so, that was the moment you were taken. In the time since that day, you have felt the true consequence of my and your father’s actions. You have experienced things I will never be able to fathom, and I cannot pretend I am not responsible, in some part, for it.”
“Mr. Holmes, do you mean to tell me—” he could not manage to finish the thought, so Holmes did it for him.
“This is ridiculous,” Vane snapped, the ferocity of which I was impressed by, considering the position he was in. “Why don’t you just say what this is about? Why don’t you just shoot me because I dared take your
The following week, Mary and I readied ourselves for a formal dinner with Lord and Lady Hamilton. Even with knowledge of stakes set as high as this, I allowed myself some sense of joy at the prospect of getting to know the couple better. Mary appeared much more eager in her preparation, however, lasting out until the very moment we reached the threshold of our new friends’ home. I could tell that she was keen to see them too—particularly, I wagered, the Lady.
“This sounds like a sensible course of action. Goodnight, my friend,” I said as I entered the privacy of my bedroom.
Mary caught sight of Sherlock and I first, and she sent a wave with a knowing glance our way. I sent back a kind wave, and as if to confirm her suspicion, Sherlock took my free hand in his and offered a greeting in return just seconds after me. Mary’s grin transformed into a beaming smile, and she turned to Miranda to whisper something before the both of them turned back to acknowledge us in silence. As I peered past them and back to the furthest cottage, the sun beginning to peek through the clouds just ahead, something curious caught my eye.
“I believe, my dear Watson, much the same knowledge you acquired during your luncheon,” he detailed, a sly expression forming as ornamentation to the words he spoke. I could not share his playful nature, however, as dread shot through my soul at the thought of Holmes discovering just how close to my personal anguish this case now lay. He began to explain before I could formulate any sort of response. “Lady Hamilton attended the same art exhibition as your dear wife just this last week. I employed one of the Baker Street Irregulars—as they elected to refer to themselves—to find that piece of information. As I know the both of you to be rather unburdened by the need for public luncheons on a Friday afternoon, I gathered that she was to introduce you to a new acquaintance. Perhaps, one of high social stature, who shares her interest in the arts. To be truthful to you both, I spent little to no time outside Baker Street this afternoon, a mere half of an hour to receive confirmation of my suspicion.”
Silver grinned and kept talking. "It is truly a remarkable tale. But, work has now taken me back to the Empire.”
The location in question for this meal was a modest tea room in Central London, and sitting at one of the comfortable booths was none other than my dear wife, Mary.
Recently involved in various political ventures in his Whitehall office, Hamilton provided testimony and evidence to deny Viscount Henderson’s claims of indecency against Perry. This included written correspondence between them, from no less than six months prior, in which it was clear that Perry was a man of high regard in the community. Given Lord Hamilton’s position of honour within the offices of Whitehall, as well as the concrete evidence provided at the witness stand, it seemed that any further questioning was unnecessary.
What became all the more apparent in my squinting glimpses toward the man, was just how similar I felt him to be to my present self. There is a small breadth of what I can discern from looking at someone’s wordless form across the way, yet the truth of the matter was that I knew many of that man’s innermost emotions. As great as my wish was to eradicate the message from my memory, it could not be achieved. Rather, I knew of McGraw’s romantic yearnings sent across the Atlantic, and the more I examined him, the greater my understanding of how he could be capable of such sentiments grew. For there was a deep intensity to him, something in the twitch of his brow and the curl of his mouth that spoke of deep currents of emotion hidden beneath the surface.
A smile came over John Silver’s face and once again, I saw in his face an endlessly terrifying man. Long gone was the charitable cook who had greeted us with his fake Scottish accent the previous morning; this was a man, I realised, whose wit and power was unparalleled by anyone in this room.
“Information that may make you want to unhand your colleague here, at the very least. Watson?” Holmes turned his head toward me, without taking his eyes off James.
“Not as successful as yours, it seems,” he responded, a flash of harshness lining his features, before fading again. “Good day, Mrs. Watson. Pleasure to see you, even if I do not appear to be in the highest of spirits,” he said to my wife, nodding his head in her direction.
At the mention of Silver’s wife, Miranda brightened. “Ah, yes, of course! It is truly a pleasure, Mr. Silver, to finally make your acquaintance. Your wife is truly a remarkable woman.” Miranda offered her hand for a greeting and a kind grin. Before I could register her reply, Silver’s emphatic voice returned, his attention now focused on me.
I closed my eyes. So many lives and loves at risk today, this week, the week after. All because of the small, fragile hope that a man we all thought dead may still be saved. That we may be able to bring life back to James and Miranda, two people who had lost it long ago.
“In the years since my return from the social grave Moriarty built for me, I have seen a new side to London’s underbelly. A side that is not tied to the street rats, the prostitutes, or other
“John.” Sherlock’ fingers gently touch the back of John’s hand, and John looks toward him. “It is alright.” Then, he meets Thomas’ eyes. “Lord Hamilton.”
As the words left him, my heart seized in my chest. I was certain, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that he was wrong. He had to be wrong, for what other option existed now? My thoughts reverted back to that brief exchange Holmes and I shared after my gunshot wound, and how his face portrayed such an intense fear and rage in my defense. Could he truly feel what James insinuated?
“My darling Thomas,” she said, seizing the opportunity when Thomas’ mouth was full of food, ”is truly dedicated to playing the role of devil’s advocate in any conversation. It is a habit of his that we have often discussed. He means no offence, dear Watsons. It is just the way he is.”
“We apologise ever so much, gentlemen. Miranda and I quite lost track of time.” Our wives had walked back in the parlour, their arms linked together at the elbows. It warmed my heart to see the fast friendship that had developed between them. Knowing what I do of my wife, her intentions were clear with Miranda. Yet, what I knew of the Lady made such intentions appear fruitless. My mind whirred with frustration; why must the pieces to such a delicate puzzle refuse to fit?
“Afraid not,” I admitted. “He left on business last night. I am quite certain he is alright, Miranda. He is a very capable man.”
The night stretched around us, long and undulating, as we sat in the darkness and waited, electing not to speak any more. For a few moments, I thought James may well nod off—for he seemed to be just on the edge of it—however his nerves seemed to chase sleep away from his eyes. I felt much the same. After bandaging my own wound with what supplies I had left, I felt fatigue creep into my very bones. I could not entertain the thought of sleeping, though. Not when I had no idea what Holmes’ fate was, not when I did not know whether I would see him alive again.
I opened my mouth to object, for I was eager to know what the situation was, but my words died in my throat as we entered the cargo hold.
Just beside the door of The Hangman’s Rest, stepping out from the shadow in his typical winter suit, coat, and hat, was none other than Sherlock Holmes.
Holmes and I continued to walk about the parlour in relative silence, occasionally breaking from it for commentary on the decor, or the next guest to depart the estate. Before I knew it, our party was the last remaining in the room. A part of my mind attached to a sense of propriety—one I felt slipping as each second passed in the Hamilton home—quivered at the thought that we may be overstaying our welcome. However, I glanced to the threshold of the parlour to see Thomas return to the room, positively beaming at our maintained presence. Seeing Holmes and I along the perimeter must have drawn his attention, as he then made his way toward us with zeal.
“We do not have much time. Please, could you relay to Doctor Watson the following: in my offices in Whitehall, if these have not yet been cleared, there is a locked drawer in the desk. The key is taped on the flyleaf of the copy of
The sounding of the midnight bell of the clock in the hallway shook me out of my stupor. Alfred Hamilton’s private room was awash with the scent of blood and gunpowder. One thought crossed my desperate, fear-addled mind:
His statement was simple, and was a sentiment many people share with him. And yet, something in my heart fluttered at the words. The idea that Sherlock Holmes, a man I so often thought to be above simple joys in life, more interested in criminal studies than domesticity or romance, enjoyed something as natural and common as a sunrise. I turned my gaze away from the fuschia and lavender sky to meet the eyes of the contradictory man I adore with all my heart, and saw a golden ray reflect off of his blue irises. He stared ahead, basking in the warm glow of morning, and I saw how the light pooled into the broad, thoughtful lines of his face.
“You’ve got a stool pigeon in your ranks,” Vane grunted, his eyes fixed on the road ahead. “Someone betrayed your plan.”
“Watson, before you retire, I wish to discuss with you my conclusions of the evening, if you are amiable.”
“I felt it necessary,” Holmes began, stepping back from me, “to speak with you about some of the details of this plan. One detail in specific, in fact.”
I turned to look at him, and saw the reflective tears streaking his cheeks. I wondered if, had we been in daylight, I would have seen such emotion from him at all. Was it to the credit of darkness that a realisation of this magnitude was possible?
“Don’t listen to her, dear,” Mary implored and gestured to the small settee. “Come in, sit down. You look dead on your feet, both of you.”
“The right one has no clear sight of you. The left one is a better shot,” Holmes explained, breathing heavily behind me as I turned to help him and landed a kick into his opponent’s side.
Wishing to spare James the pain, I spoke up instead. “A friend most dear to us was imprisoned, some years ago,” I swallowed dryly around the anxiety in my chest. “All we want is to find where he is and—” And what? What were we planning to do? Rescue him? As much as I wished to, I still felt it to be a fool’s errand, in a way. “And ensure that he is all right.”
