Jack and Gabriel were already in the waiting room when Castiel and Dean came out. Cas smiled fondly when Jack barreled into Dean, causing his husband to grunt and roll his eyes.
Sam and Jo were on the dance floor, swaying to some soft-rock the DJ was playing. Aside from Charlie, who Castiel didn’t even realize had been invited until he and Dean arrived, they knew no one, outside of their hosts. Apparently, Cas’ spitfire of a cousin had won Eve over when they met at the Barbecue and wrangled an invitation. Castiel had been surprised at the warm welcome Dick had given them, appearing genuinely happy that Cas and Dean had accepted the invitation. They had been introduced to countless people, most dressed in extravagant finery; women in jewels and sequins, men in tuxedos and wingtips.
“I’m not suggesting we go to some random local and sleep out overnight, Cas, I’m talking day trips, here. I’m sure lots of people go off and explore away from the campground, man.” It didn’t escape Dean’s notice that he was practically whining, but he could see that Cas was softening just a little bit, so he pressed on.  “And it’s not like we ain’t experienced, we go camping every year.”
Emmanuel hated his name. He didn’t really know why. He understood that it was phonetically pleasing for many, but he’d never felt like an Emmanuel, or a
Then Dean processed what Castiel had said.
The words made his cheeks heat, and Dean did what he did best and deflected.
“Breathe with me, Dean,” Castiel whispered,   “That’s it. In and out, nice and slow,” Cas could feel Dean’s ragged breath, warm against his neck. He also felt the wetness of his tears as Dean finally let go. Castiel rocked gently as Dean sobbed silently against him, his own tears spilling as his strong, beautiful husband fell apart. “It’s alright, I’m right here,” Castiel soothed. “I’m always going to be right here.”
Cas, nearly straddling Dean’s jean-clad thigh, moaned into his mouth, obscenely, with every gyration of their bodies. Their kiss turned edgier, teeth nipping bottom lips, drawing blood.
"No catch, man. I got family, I got friends that I love. This kid here included," Dean said, rattling his and Jack's cuffed hands. "So, if getting you out of here and out of their lives will let me do that, then I'll fucking drive you to the North Pole if that's what you need. But you need to make a decision, because the cops will only hold back for so long,"
Dean could hear the exasperated breath Castiel let out at his words, which was entirely unfair in Dean’s opinion. He was the one having his privacy invaded.
Meg’s voice came through the screen and Dean laughed as onscreen he and Video-Castiel stumbled down the boardwalk, hands in each other’s back pockets, each giving the one-fingered salute over their shoulders.
Castiel heard murmuring coming from the living room as his bare feet fell silently on the thick carpet. He leaned against the entryway to the living room, arms folded, and studied Dean. He was pacing the living room with the phone to his ear. His burnt-honey hair was standing up in tufts and there were shadows under his eyes. Castiel wondered if Dean even slept at all last night, or if he only stayed until Castiel had passed out.
“Do you believe in soulmates, Dean?”
time!” Came an embarrassed squawk in the back.
“Oh, he’s peachy,” Dean snarked and Castiel almost lost it, biting the inside of his cheek. “Turns out he must have filled out a raffle or something because somehow, Sam and his roommate won a housing scholarship from HHI.”
Over the next week, Dean never saw Castiel talking to or texting Ketch but the sick feeling never really left his stomach, only to ratchet right up to full-on nausea when the man had shown up in Cas’ office unexpectedly to ask him out, while Dean was on his knees, silently bolting a bookshelf.
Castiel smoothed his hands over Dean's ass and squeezed. The effect had the man half laughing and half groaning.
“You didn’t?” the question was laced with doubt and Castiel frowned.
"That is very true. And I know you've always wanted to try and find a place in Jo and Sam's neighborhood when we were ready," Castiel said, and Dean couldn't deny that it was his wish.
Again he agonized over how he could have forgotten this? As though he knew Castiel needed it, Dean pulled him into a tight embrace in the middle of the living room, swaying him gently from side to side.
“Fuck,” Dean said with a rueful laugh. “I forgot how unfiltered you were in the beginning. I thought you wanted to talk about Michael?”
“Mr. Dean, my ball won’t come back!”
The will reading was fairly standard. Gabriel was left all of his grandmother's recipes, and some classic albums (who knew Gabriel was a closet Bing Crosby fan?), Luke was left some of his father's jewelry, and Jack, who had just begun school in Boston, had a college fund set up in his name that would help cover what Luke and his ex Kelly couldn't afford. Becky and Hester and Charlie were both left family heirlooms; necklaces and earrings, and a beautiful tea set that Charlie shed tears over. Most of the art went to Hester, while Lily and Akobel's book collection went to Becky.
“This will be the first time you’ve been to his place, right?”
“16.84,” came the gruff reply, and Emmanuel honestly couldn’t blame the man. He’d have been disappointed to find Dean taken as well when they first met. He flipped through the wallet and pulled out a twenty and handed it to Aaron.
There would no doubt be follow-up but for right now, Dean just wanted to do what Castiel wanted and take him home.  They took a quick detour to Castiel’s storage unit so he could pick up the few boxes of his mother —
"Did she?"
"There is no hidden money," Jack said, and Castiel caught Gabriel's eye, seeing him nod, as this was obviously not news to his partner.
Dean placed a hand on Cas’ shoulder, squeezing the muscle with firm fingers. “Oh, you’d be surprised. When we were kids, Cas wanted to be a bee farmer and make free honey for bears.”
“Your new room has a nice queen sized bed in it, but if you want to bring yours, I’ll just stick it in storage or something. Whatever you wanna bring, we’ll make room for it.”
"For as long as you'll let me," Castiel answered earnestly.
“Sorry enough to take it off?” Dean asked, but Cas was sure he knew the answer.
“After everything we’ve been through, Dean, really? You’re just going to throw our friendship away?” Cole pleaded and Castiel let out an incredulous peal of laughter at the nerve.
Castiel already had his phone open, and his app turned on, the red dot representing the  Impala blinking at him like a little heartbeat. He was pretty sure it was the only thing keeping him sane right now.
“Gimmie the keys to your car, Cas, I’ll move it,” Dean said, walking over to him.  Castiel realized he would have to move his car so Cole could get out of the driveway. Cas pulled his keys out of his pocket and handed them to Dean with slightly shaking fingers. Dean grasped the keys and squeezed his hand gently.
“Stop fucking with me and tell me how to get us home, Cas.”
“Cas, I’m not gonna lie, having you look at me like I was a stranger was unbearable. I never want to feel like that again. But even if you had never gotten your memories back, I still would have done my damndest to make you love me again.”
The pre-dawn sky was still inky blue when they searched each other out. No words were spoken as they slid against each other, boxers pushed down around their ankles as they rutted together. Castiel groaned into Dean’s mouth when he peaked, his cum slicking the way for Dean, as they both continued to rock into the tunnel created by their laced hands. With a whimper, Dean bit Cas’ lip, and came spectacularly, pulsing between their fingers and covering Cas’ softening cock with his own seed. They shared soft kisses until the sun rose.
"I knew something was gonna happen," Dean said quietly. "Like, as soon as I stepped on the bridge. Everything was heavy, you know?"
Castiel chuckled darkly, head falling back against the wall, and fuck, was he a sight. All flushed skin, lips delightfully red and kiss swollen, dark blue eyes sparkling with a heady combination of love and greed.
"Nowhere, sorry.  Just spaced," Dean's excuse fooled no one, and Castiel placed a hand over Dean's.
“Thank you for telling me instead of hiding it from me,” Castiel said softly, and Dean turned his face enough so he could see Cas’ face, full of concern and love.
stupid.  Kelly is just a friend, Dean. She needed publishing advice. She's not happy at her house and I agreed to set up a meeting with Crowley, that's it, I swear," Castiel needed him to understand.  "Dean, I love you. More than everything. Even when I didn’t know you,” Dean flinched at that and Cas could see the sheen in his eyes as Dean fought against his emotions, “even then, I could sense it. I could feel that what we had...what we
“Thanks, Clarence.”
“Hey, hey, I was just kidding, Cas,  I’m fine. Promise,” Dean stroked Castiel’s cheek as he pitched forward, laying his forehead against Dean’s.
Castiel’s brows rose up in surprise. “You?”
Holy shit, somehow Dean had trapped them inside the Morningstar Murder house.
“You’d look hot all tatted up,” Dean said, leering at Castiel, and he huffed out a laugh.
“You don’t mind all that much, though, do you, Dean?”
Castiel let out a breath at Dean’s words. They were really going to do this. Castiel made to slide off of Dean’s lap and back into the driver’s seat but was halted by strong hands gripping his hips.
"I believe so. Why don't you go shower off the road, and I'll order us something?"
Twenty minutes later, he sat with a container of pad thai and smiled as he read the notification from Mildred that Castiel had received his pizza.
"Sweet. August needs to get here sooner," Dean said, and Castiel laughed.
“It was quiet when I first bought the place. I’d see shadows sometimes, but for the most part, other than a peculiar feeling of being watched, I have had no issues. It wasn’t until I started renovating that the activity ramped up. I never planned for this to be the cozy B&B’s that you see in Vermont,” Rowena explained. “I knew that a house with this kind of history would cater more towards your types or thrill-seekers. I’m fine with that. If people want to pay me to scare themselves silly, then who am I to pass up their money. I suppose I was naive, to think that I would be immune.”
"Hey, hey, check out Gabriel," Castiel said with a cackle, pointing at his Partner Gabriel, who was for once, not doing security. Instead, he was stuck in the Pillory, head and arms sticking out of the cutouts in the plank of wood erected to a post. A sign hung around his neck, declaring him a pie thief.
"Take me to bed, Dean," Castiel whispered hotly, and he didn't need to be asked twice.
"It's the same for me. Where I grew up, we were like a flock. My community, it was potlucks all the time, the children all like family, regardless of our parents," Castiel's face had a glow when he talked about it. "Mealtimes were always the best, where everyone shared the best part of their day. Dessert, of course, always the culmination. I like being a part of that."
“Let’s add stalkerish and possessive to the list,” Dean muttered petulantly.
“No, it’s okay. I just mean, when they died, Sam pretty much became my sole focus. I had school and work and I was just kinda tunnel-visioned on that, you know?”
Castiel tuned out the rest, hearing enough. Standing up, he walked over to the kitchen window; Dean, of course, followed behind. Firm arms circled his middle, Dean's chin resting on Castiel's shoulder. The tender embrace more than made up for Dean's cookie commentary and he sighed, turning his face to brush his lips across Dean's gorgeous jawline, before turning his eyes back to the grounds below.
? The gardening supplies are in here too, but sometimes you just gotta hit things,” Dean said with a wink, before tossing him the gloves.  Dean started towards the door and Castiel called after him.
“I want to confront her. I want to scream at her and ask her what the fuck she was thinking! I want her to pay for ripping my life apart and taking me from my true family without a backward glance and I can’t and — ”
“Only in the bedroom,” Dean tossed him a playful wink. “Well, mostly.”
Dean climbed the back staircase up past his apartment and right on up onto the roof garden. He found Jimmy, reclined back under the stars on one of the large chaises Dean had set up there, eyes closed.  Jimmy breathed so evenly one would think he was sleeping. Dean placed the pastry box on the little glass patio table in between the chairs, sitting down on the vacant one. The air was warm with a light breeze that carried with it the fragrant scent of strawberries and mint from the boxes.
Castiel shifted so Dean could rise, and Dean kissed him on the temple before he stood. Dean picked up the phone that had slipped out of the pocket of his jeans and onto the floor. Checking his messages, Dean found one from Sam.
A loud whoop from the back of the bar jerked Dean right out of his musings. His boss Lee was playing darts with his creepy Uncle Alistair again.  Dean supposed it could have been worse. At least it was keeping them both away from him.
It had been hard, letting go of their apartment, the place Castiel and Dean had lived for so long, and had so many firsts, but it was time. In a few years, they would be ready to grow their family, and it was essential to both Dean and Castiel to do so in a place with a yard and close to family and a child-friendly neighborhood. It helped that their landlord happily went along with the arrangement of having Charlie take over their lease, not wanting to deal with the interview process, and happy to take the word of longtime tenants.
“I would love that, Dean.”
“Let me,” Dean’s voice was raw and needy, “please Cas, I wanna make you feel good, let me do it,” he whined and how could Castiel deny him anything when he begged like that, letting out a dark moan when Dean began stripping him in time with his thrusts. Dean thumbed Cas’ slit, playing with the pre-come oozing from the tip on every upstroke. Castiel didn’t know what felt better, sinking back onto Dean’s cock or thrusting up into his hand, but he was damn happy that he didn’t have to choose.
Eyes drawn to the moat showed Castiel that the dark-haired woman was by the water, again, with her head bowed. Castiel shivered when her chin lifted. Even from inside the manor, Cas knew she was looking directly at him. Suppressing a shiver, he settled more fully against Dean’s chest, his anchor, never breaking the woman’s gaze until she disappeared again.
Dean’s palms on his cheeks shook him back to the present. Castiel gave a reassuring smile and nodded.
“C’mon,” Dean said, “I want to go hear some embarrassing stories about you. Ones that don’t involve Gabriel.”
and they hadn’t spoken of it. Dean had stayed late helping Bobby and Castiel had been at the campus library where he was giving his last tutoring sessions to one of his students from last semester. By the time they’d converged again for dinner that night, Dean had been his usual self and Castiel selfishly took the reprieve and just enjoyed the evening with his best friend. The next morning when Sam came over to talk about their trip it was as though nothing had ever happened, aside from Dean’s apparent interest in Bigfoot. Castiel blamed all those documentaries on the Travel Channel. Dean was obsessed. He had even gone on a ghost tour with Castiel's parents when Castiel had brought him home for his fifteen-year high school reunion.
"I see it. God, I see it! I can hear them," her hands came up to her face as a euphoric little laugh escaped her. "They've been waiting for me."
“Look, Cas.  I’ve been someone’s big gay experiment before. I was lucky to escape with my heart bruised, but mostly intact. But with you…” Dean shook his head, eyes skating away. “It might be fun for you for a while and maybe we confirm that you do indeed, only want dick in your diet,” Castiel choked at the crude words, coupled with a flash of desire as images of him and Dean and naked flesh filled his mind. “But eventually you’re going to wanna meet other people, have more new experiences. You’re not gonna stay with the first guy you happened to find attractive or have sex with,” Dean said sadly. “Not when you don’t even know what you want or like yet.”
“Thanks for coming,” Castiel said, feeling a little awkward, but eager to get to know this man who was once like his brother.
“Thanks. Night, Cas.”
“Hello, Gabriel,“ Emmanuel said sheepishly.
Dean raised a shaky hand and pushed it through Castiel’s dark hair, watching as the sun streaming in from the window teased out shades of red and gold in the angel’s hair.
“C’mon Cas, up and at ’em.”
“Sure thing, buddy. But howzabout you untie me first? Maybe show me to a restroom? I’m kinky, but watersports ain’t my thing,” Dean said cheekily because the situation was already fucked up enough, so why not make it worse with some inappropriate, awkward flirting?
“Some of you’ll will have to stand,” Jody said, sweeping her arms toward the two seats in front of her desk. Dean and Castiel sank into the chairs and he was gratified when Dean reached for his hands.
“Jealous,” Dean teased.
“Cas, you don’t gotta apologize, okay? I get it.”
“You’re something else, sweetheart. I never saw you coming,” Dean said wondrously, and Castiel gasped when Dean slotted their mouths together in a deep kiss. He couldn’t help marveling at the feeling of his hard body against Dean’s, the slight rasp of stubble against Cas’ freshly shaven skin. It was so different from being close to a woman, the matching strength and firmness so heady. It was perfect; being pressed against Dean was
“Naw, I saw them kissing behind your shed yesterday.” Dean leaned in close to Cas. “I heard him call her Ro-ro,” he said before erupting into a fit of giggles. They both pressed their faces to the glass as they watched Gabriel grab Rowena’s hand and grin up at her.
Castiel, fingers still entangled in the strands of Dean’s hair, tugged him up and into a dirty kiss that tasted of salt and come. Their limp cocks dragged together as Dean and Castiel sipped from each other’s lips, a languorous, tender kiss as their arms twined around each other. When they drew back to catch their breath, Dean dropped his forehead to Castiel’s shoulder and just breathed.
“Now I know,” he heard Castiel repeat as he stood up from the bench. Gentle fingers traced his jawline before gripping his face. Castiel urged him to turn and meet his eyes and Dean had to close his own at the pure emotion shining in Castiel’s ocean depths. “Dean?” Castiel murmured, whisper-soft and Dean kept his eyes closed, the pads of Castiel’s fingers tracing along Dean’s bottom lip so softly it could have been a dream.
"What do you mean, like now that you're gay? "Dean asked with a laugh.
"Hey," Cas said, reaching over to turn Dean's face to meet his eyes. "I mean it."
Castiel spotted Dean’s Impala in the parking lot next to Charlie’s yellow gremlin. Maybe he needed to get a car of his own. Castiel forced himself to stop by the office and say hello and thank them (by them, he meant Becky) for the flowers and the donation the school had made to Save the Bees in April’s name. It was a little funny, considering April could give a fuck about bees. It was the thought that counted though, and his co-workers knew it was something he was passionate about, and more than likely assumed he shared that passion with his wife.
“We’re going to the carnival, guys,” Sam said, as though he were revealing a massive secret.
aside from the oppressive sound of Alistair's breathing and heavy gaze. Miraculously, Jack appeared to be dozing, and Dean wouldn't deny being slightly jealous of him for that. Shadows danced in patterns over the car's interior when the moon wasn't obscured by clouds, the light making his ring gleam.
Castiel swallowed past the lump in his throat. Sam had flown in just that morning, and Castiel was extremely touched.
He really needed to call Pam.
They took turns using the bathroom and changing into their sleep clothes. Dean went back out to the kitchen and returned with two beers and a bag of Fritos. Castiel took the offered drink, tapping the neck of his bottle to Dean’s.
Dean angled his neck, craning to get a look at his watch and try to gauge how long he’d been here. If Cas’ angel radio was working, he might be able to pray him an image and time frame for him and Sam to start looking. Dean couldn’t allow himself to believe he wouldn’t be found. Not when he finally had everything he ever wanted.
“Nah. Cas got a little dizzy when we were out, so we came home.” Dean tapped the side of the bowl and shifted the buds before lighting again.
Dean shook his head, the disappointment on his face making Cas’ heart sink and his shoulders fall.
"And you underestimate how quickly I will put this bullet in your brain if you don't release my husband."
Castiel closed his eyes and sighed. He felt Dean push his hair back from his temple, and Cas felt like purring. “You're right. I should have just told you how I felt.”
“I’m not worried, I’m annoyed. Damn moose is always on me about being on time, and where is he now?”
Emmanuel rolled his neck and took a sip of his coffee, wincing at the cool, bitter taste, wondering how long it had been sitting there. Meg snickered at him before pouring him a fresh cup and throwing a few creamers on the counter. He stirred in the cinnamon and sugar, merely humming when Meg suggested he switch to an herbal tea before there was more caffeine in his veins than blood.
When Dean woke, he was on he and Castiel's hotel bed. He stared at the textured ceiling, head feeling heavy. At the quiet murmuring of Cas’ voice, Dean turned his head on the pillow. Castiel sat on the side of the bed, talking quietly into the phone. His back was facing Dean, but his free hand was settled on Dean’s knee.
"Yes. Yes, you can, Sam. I get that you're scared. Believe me, I am terrified. That's your brother, but he is also
“More like
“Yes?” Emmanuel gritted out, cheeks flushing as he held the gaze.
“No, he’s just really excited about seeing if your hair is as salon ready as I claim it is,” Dean teased and Jimmy huffed a soft laugh.
“Jealousy,” at Dean’s baffled look, Castiel almost smiled sadly. “Come on, let’s go inside, and I’ll tell you. I’ll tell you everything.”
“No,” Sam said, and Castiel noticed Charlie, Gabriel, and  Kevin also shaking their heads in the negative as well.  Castiel caught Dean’s gaze and gave a slight nod to indicate that he agreed with him, though it put Castiel a little on edge to know that Dean could scent it too. Cas had always believed Dean to be a bit of a sensitive, and he wondered what else his fiance would unknowingly pick up on.
“I think this is the first time I’ve seen you without your scruff,” Dean observed, then brushed his lips against Cas’ skin gently. “Hmm. This is nice, too,” Dean drew back with a playful smile, and Castiel half laughed and half groaned at his coy behavior.
“April, you’re scaring me. What
Dean shrugged it off, as though it wasn’t a big deal. “I’ve been handling it.”
and still leave a light on for Cas to come home, to?
“I’m sorry, Gabriel.  I’m just…” he blew out a breath, not finishing the thought.
Castiel didn’t want to examine too closely how his finger had itched on the trigger when Alistair had threatened his husband. Castiel couldn't help but think had there not been any witnesses, he wouldn't have hesitated to pull it.
“Tell me what?” Dean barked, eyes glaring as they darted between Cole’s gasping red face to a furious Castiel.
“What’s a Brooklyn?” Castiel asked as he and Charlie waited their turn to congratulate Garth. He leaned back when he felt strong arms slide around his waist from behind, and felt Dean brush a kiss on the top of his head.
Cas carefully extracted himself from the sleeping bag, shivering a bit in the cool air that he knew would be hot and humid by midday. He stretched his fingers to the rapidly lightening sky and padded over to the railing. His movement, though quiet, awoke Dean, who came to with a soft snuffle. He gave a jaw-cracking yawn before blinking up at Castiel owlishly, and then a slow smile broke over his face.
Dean couldn’t blame her; Cas was his favorite too. Speaking of, Dean picked up his phone and opened up the camera app, side-eying Claire as she snagged a cookie out of the bag. He narrowed his eyes at her pointedly.
Dean opened up his messenger bag and slipped his laptop out, thinking that depending on attitudes, that maybe he and the rest of the breakfast club could watch a movie. Or, Dean thought gleefully, he could stream the latest episodes of Doctor Sexy he missed. Save himself the eye-roll from Cas later on. And he could get to know this Kaia some more, especially if she was dating Claire.
"No. They moved on long ago. You don't have to listen to him, okay? You don't have to follow his rules. Do you see a light?"
Emmanuel hummed against Dean’s skin as he sucked and nibbled. “Can you feel the need thrumming between us?” Dean’s head tipped back on a groan as teeth sank hard enough to mark his neck before being soothed with a velvet tongue. Emmanuel chuckled and the sound was smoke and sin. He drew back and tugged at the hem of Dean’s shirt and it was soon discarded. Emmanuel unbuttoned Dean’s fly then moved to his own and pushed his jeans and boxer briefs down in one motion, a hot look urging Dean to do the same.
“I appreciate that, Cas. I do, more than anything. I worry about you every time you leave the house. But, sweetheart,” Castiel felt Dean’s thumb brush against his stubble. “I don’t LoJack you. Especially without your consent.”
“That what, Cas?” Dean interupted sharply. “That it would be impossible for you to meet someone in your travels who maybe kickstarts your engine? Someone new and exciting?”
Charlie cocked her head. ”Since when do you work at the Library?”
Now that dream was becoming a reality. Benny was opening his own Creole-inspired restaurant right on the waterfront.
A cold hand grabbed Dean's leg, yanking hard. With a startled yell, he tripped, falling to his knees, hard.
Castiel thought it was a little weird, but sweet, and it’s not like that wasn’t exactly what had happened.
Dean and Castiel kept in touch through emails and phone calls, but with work and timezones, it was hard. The distance served him well, though. Only three short months passed and Dean received the call that Castiel and April were getting married in a private ceremony. Dean, only ever wanting Castiel’s happiness, managed to find the news of the nuptials bittersweet instead of just plain bitter, sending them a congratulatory card with a hundred-dollar
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel assured him, smiling when he heard Lily call them over to the cake table up on the deck.
It was intense and intimate, the push and pull between their bodies, between their mouths as they faced each other, lips brushing tremulously. Muscles quivered as Dean moved within him and Castiel ground down, his cock aching where it dripped between their stomachs. Dean clutched him closer and the sheer look of awe on his stunning face coupled with the friction on his dick was all it took for Castiel to crest and break like swells against the shore as he came with a high-pitched whine.
"Always, Dean. I'll always save you." Castiel promised.
"Dean, please," Castiel implored, coming to stand before Dean at the base of the stairs. Head tilted as Cas looked down at him, his stormy blue gaze searing into Dean's, and he wondered if Castiel could see his internal struggle in his own green depths. Could Castiel see that his voice was trapped?
“Does it matter, Sammy?”
"Do we have an address in Washington?"
“What would I be doing on a Saturday night? Well, I would have spent at least part of the evening going over the next day’s sermon with my father. He always liked to have an audience, so I was always lucky enough to hear Sunday sermon twice,” he said with mock enthusiasm “
“My mother died a few weeks ago and this was the last place she spoke of before she passed,” he said bluntly.
“Alright, dearest, it’s time we get you home. Dean, would you mind?” Rowena said, slipping out of the booth to standing.
“Yeah, well, about that. Sammy is picking y’all up at the airport tomorrow and I know you probably want to wind down after your flight but it’s kinda really important that we see you tomorrow. All of you. Gabe, C-my boyfriend and I, we’ll have dinner waiting for you.”
.  Castiel felt the sting of tears as he opened the case and pulled out the tape.
When Castiel returned from the bedroom, he was dressed in his usual attire. A plain-clothes detective, Cas’ standard outfit consisted of slacks, a white button-down shirt, and a perpetually backward tie that Dean was always straightening. Which come to think of it, may very well be deliberate if the warm, amused look in Cas’ baby-blues were anything to go by.
“You want me to take care of that for you?” Dean teased, only to gasp sharply when Castiel reached down and unhitched his towel, letting the material slide down with a soft whoosh. His cock, as long as Dean’s, but a bit thicker and uncut, jutted proudly against Castiel’s stomach and Dean’s mouth watered. He didn’t even need the firm but gentle hand to tell him to sink to his knees and open his mouth.
tells me the truth, and I am going to apologize to him over and over for
Emmanuel shifted forward a little more and Dean let out a hissed “
got me through that. When I couldn’t hold it together for Sammy, Cas was the one who was there helping us piece ourselves back together again. There is no one outside of Sam, who I love and trust more than Castiel, so
" Haha, you say that like it's a threat. I already said I would as long as it was a Jacuzzi."
to go on the roof.
“Because they don’t come in brown?” Dean asked, grinning when he heard Sully snickering over the line, calling out
Dean pushed through the doors leading from the kitchen and his face lit up when his gaze settled on Emmanuel at the counter. Meg rolled her eyes behind the register but there was a hint of a smile on her pretty face.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered, rolling his eyes as he plopped down on the sofa next to his best friend. He reached and grabbed a slice of pizza and took a gratifying bite. He was extremely thankful that he lived above his workplace. Dean’s stomach had been growling for most of the night and it had been too busy for him to take a break with Garth out on paternity leave.
Emmanuel flicked the light switch off as he descended the back staircase to the bakery kitchen. He had pilfered clothes from Dean, a
Castiel didn't mean to doze and assumed the stress of the whole day would keep him wide awake, but eventually, his eyes slipped shut, and when they did, he dreamed.
Dean burst into laughter. “L.J.? That’s what you’re going by now?”
“What’s wrong with The Cowpoke?” Sam asked and Castiel turned to face Sam in the back.
Today’s ISS included the usual suspects and a few new names he was surprised to see on the list handed to him yesterday—
Dean’s Adam's apple bobbed as he absorbed that information, looking confused and even more fretful.
Castiel had to hand it to Dean. He was holding it together remarkably well. Castiel knew he was dying of curiosity. It was written all over his beautiful face; it was choreographed in every jerky, agitated movement as he put the fire out with the bucket of sand Bobby kept out by the pit. They made sure to pick up their empties and put them in the recycling bin beside the cabin. They crept inside, John and Bobby’s doors were both closed, and Sam snored loudly, draped over the couch.
“I’m usually much smoother than this,” Dean said and Castiel gently pushed him against the door, gazing at him fondly.
Like he wasn’t supposed to ogle at all that tanned, freckled skin when it was on such glorious display, bowed legs shown to their finest in a pair of very short, cut-offs.
“No problem, Cas,” Dean said waving Castiel's hand away when he tried to pay for his chicken. “It's on me this time, buddy. And, uh, leave the pimpmobile at home, we’ll take Baby,” Dean teased, laughing when Castiel rolled his eyes dramatically.
“Just after eleven. The power is back on here, but a lot of the city is still out. They're declaring a state of emergency and asking everyone to stay off the roads. It's supposed to start easing up this evening.” Castiel pushed off from the wall and slowly walked toward the bed. Dean moved over enough for Cas to sit on the edge.  “Gabriel and Sam’s block is still without power, but they’re okay because of the generator.”
Castiel forced himself to focus on his breathing and listening to the sounds on the street. Traffic, muffled music.
“Thank you, Jack. And good evening, Ms. Baker,” Castiel said kindly to his elderly neighbor (not that she would ever use the word), who he knew was reporting his eating habits back to Dean.
Dean flushed at Sam’s explanation, even more so when he felt the hot heat of Cas’ gaze on the back of his head. Cas knew all about Dean’s less than stellar childhood, but it wasn’t like Dean often talked about how he’d had to hustle and charm his way through life. It was what it was, and the past didn’t matter. Dean certainly didn’t want Cas’ pity.
“I didn’t see it,” he murmured, voice like smoke and whiskey. “I didn’t see you. It never occurred to me that you would want me that way. We’d been through so much, you were-
“I suppose it could be fun…” Sam’s voice filtered through and Dean felt a thrill of victory at Sam’s reluctant interest.
Alistair slammed his hand down on the desk when Dean didn't answer right away. "WHAT. WAS. IT?" he bellowed, and Dean had to fight to keep his voice steady.
“I’m good if we just keep driving, Sam,” Castiel said, catching Dean’s eye in the rearview mirror.  It was apparent, Castiel didn’t want to delay the ride any longer than Dean did. Despite the frustration, it was heartening to know that Castiel was feeling it too.
Shaking off his nerves, Cas walked across the carpet-a black monstrosity littered with stars and swirling, twisting ribbons of neon pinks, greens, and oranges. It looked as though someone had thrown up fun-fetti on the entire surface of the floor.  The bowling center was fairly small, only hosting sixteen lanes and a birthday party room. The pit areas sported black and white checkered flooring with bucket seats in pale blue and beige. Hovering above every lane was a flatscreen TV and Castiel watched as a cartoon turkey maliciously cackled on the screen when a patron lobbed his ball straight into the gutter.
“You’re just lost. Let’s try and jog your memory. “
Long, tan fingers reached into the box and pulled out a cupcake. Jimmy immediately plucked the candy out of the frosting and bit into it with a pleased hum. Dean was pretty sure his eyes glazed over when he swiped a finger through the frosting and sucked his digit clean, so much so that it took a moment for Dean to realize that Jimmy was actually speaking to him.
He wasn’t doing any of that. That all sounded exhausting and all Castiel wanted to do was sleep. He couldn’t, though, because the dreams chased him.  A hodgepodge of past and present that left him feeling more tired than before he closed his eyes. Turning his head to check the time on the alarm clock felt like it took extra effort. Nearly six. That meant it was almost time for whatever delivery place Dean had chosen tonight. Castiel knew it had to be killing his best friend to stay away and he was taking care of Cas the only way he knew how.
Chuck had smiled, softly, and commended Castiel for being the most selfless of his angels. He had explained that he could remove Lucifer from Jack and return him to the cage, but Jack would not survive the process without an infusion of grace. Unless, of course, Castiel wanted to offer his. Chuck could transplant Castiel’s grace into Jack’s body, but in turn, Castiel would slowly, but surely, make the transition from angel to human.
“You’re Leo?” His tone was deathly calm, but Dean wasn’t fooled. He could feel the undercurrent of the storm the simple question hid.
Cas was currently waiting for Sam and Rowena to return to the beach with their dog, Bones. They had left him at home during Yoga, too afraid he’d disrupt the group, and Castiel promised to wait as they wanted some pictures of their puppy playing in the water. Afterward, he was going to help out at the cafe for a few hours before bowling league, followed by a late-night picnic under the stars with Dean.
“Good, then clear your weekend,” Bobby said. “We leave bright and early next Saturday and drive home Tuesday.”
“Anything in the mail today?” Dean asked, deflecting, and was surprised to feel Castiel tense up beside him. Dean looked over at his friend in concern. “Cas? Everything okay, man?”
“We’re going away for two weeks. I can deal with my partner’s snark for one day,” Castiel grinned, fingers ghosting down Dean’s chest, and he laughed, then pressed a soft kiss to Castiel’s pillowy lips.
' she left with promises to see them the next day. That left Dean on his own with Castiel. The more time he spent with the charismatic man, the more every argument he had with himself about what a mistake it would be to fall into bed with him seemed to fade.
"I already have a dad bod, don't need to make it worse, especially if I'm gonna keep this guy," Dean said self-deprecatingly, and Castiel frowned at that, but before he could protest Lily was already speaking.
did Dean still want him? Would he even want to when he realized how bitter and cold Castiel could be?
"Dean is going to be taking the last open room we have below deck, " Gabriel said, and Castiel's eyes lit up with that very interesting news. He'd assumed Dean would be staying with the younger Winchester.
Castiel followed Dean into the kitchen after seeing their brothers off and began to load the dishwasher as Dean packed the rest of the soup into a Tupperware bowl.
voice, and Dean grinned.
,” he pointed out, and Castiel acquiesced, nodding his agreement.
Castiel gave his partner a nod before he looked at Kaia and Claire. “Kaia, has anyone called your family?”
things. Dean knew he’d been putting it off but under the circumstances, he knew that there could possibly be some answers in the old papers and journals.
“Touch yourself,” Castiel ordered, and he groaned when Dean automatically spat in his hand and grabbed his cock. Cas threw his head back as he allowed himself to focus solely on plunging into Dean’s greedy hole. The wet sound of Dean jerking himself only spurned Cas on, and his own moans turned reedy and high pitched in a way that only happened during sex. Dean said it was his favorite sound, and Castiel hoped he was enjoying it now.
“S’alright. Here—” Dean reached behind himself to grab the pastry bag lying next to his laptop. “Have a cookie.”
“So this Joshua guy doesn’t have any family to leave the business to?”
“Name?” the brunette in front of him asked again, looking at him with soft, sable eyes that seemed to carry a wicked mischievousness in their sparkle.
Sam had grilled him, but kindly, and seemed to leave the bakery that night reassured that Emmanuel was not some mooching psycho who was out to poach on his brother's good nature.
“Meaning what?” Jody edged onto the corner of her desk. “That he was just watching and decided to give it a shot? Kinda risky, isn’t it?”
Dean picked up the remote, but instead of turning on a TV show, he put the station on a classic rock music channel with the volume down low.
“Andrea, that’s really sweet of you, but I’m actually out of town for a wedding next weekend.  But thank you, for the invite,” Dean said sincerely, and Cas stood up abruptly and began clearing away mugs. He brought them back in the kitchen and placed them in one of the dishwashers alongside diffusers and more cups while Pamela and Garth took care of the coals.
"Shut up," he whined.
After reaching over to switch on the bedside lamp, Dean straddled Castiel’s thighs and he felt his mouth go dry as Dean began to take off his jacket and tie, tossing both onto the floor beside the bed. Yes, someone had definitely gotten their groove back.
, and she had a immediately offered to be Castiel’s bowling partner (and new best friend) when Gabriel and Chuck were drafting him to the league one morning after church. Charlie was a web designer for most of the town’s local businesses. She was also a self-proclaimed nerd and the Queen of moons, in a live-action role-playing game set in the fantastical land of Moondoor.
“Who the fuck
over there. Move here.”
Castiel’s arm reached around Dean, urging him to lean his back against Cas’ chest as he added a third finger alongside the others. Dean’s head lolled back on Cas’ shoulders, turning to blindly reach for his mouth. Castiel swallowed Dean’s moan as their lips slotted together, fingers tapping against Dean’s prostate lightly. Castiel’s tongue slid deeper, hungry for it, and his free hand gripped hard at Dean’s side, no doubt leaving crescent marks with his nails.
"Two-thirty already?" Dean murmured absently, and Castiel frowned.
Dean walked back to his table, and despite Claire’s spoilers, started his show back up.
“No problem,” Dean said, tipping his third fire whiskey into his mouth. “Though this whole no sex in community spaces things only counts out here. At home, we make no promises,” he said with a lascivious eyebrow waggle at Castiel.
When Christmas Eve rolled around, Dean and Castiel hosted a small dinner with the Winchester-Singer clan, as well as Charlie. Castiel finally confessed to the rest of his friends and family that although they had shared a residence before she died, he and April had been separated for over a year, and were getting divorced. Castiel didn’t get into why, and Dean didn’t blame him. Dean couldn’t even imagine what kind of emotional damage that had done to his friend. Dean had watched as Ellen rose from the table, crossing over to Castiel’s side and yanking him up in a hug.
“L.J.? What are you doing here? What do you want with Dean?”
“I’m assuming that didn’t last,” Castiel said, reaching into the Frito bag with his free hand and Dean let out a bark of laughter.
Plus, he could choose his own hours, and be around to make sure Dean remembered to eat more than the coffee he served at the lounge and whatever candy bar he’d grabbed at the
“Look around, Dean. What do you see?”
Now that he was awake, there was no ignoring mother nature. Dean shuffled to the bathroom to relieve himself. He splashed some water on his face and brushed his teeth since his dry mouth felt stuck shut. Half of him wanted to seek Cas out, but the other half of him wanted to hide a little bit longer. He flopped back down on the bed and tried to will himself back to sleep. His brain had other ideas, and thoughts of the night before played through his mind.
“Oh, yeah. And wine tastings, thankfully not on the same day,” Dean said, with humor.
“I kissed him on campus in front of a bunch of homophobic Trump supporters, and it led to us confessing our feelings,” Castiel summarized, and Dean smiled at him gratefully.
Castiel rolled his eyes.  “
Charlie and Kevin came bounding in next, laying clothes out on the wide four-poster bed.
Sam stretched out on his own bedroll at the far end of the tent, leaving Dean and Cas towards the middle, each laying inside of their sleeping bags, and facing each other.
"Haha," Gabe yelled back. "I'd flip you off, but I can't turn my wrist."
“I’m sure
“You know, I thought I needed you. I could sense your power the moment you walked through my doors.”
"Did I tell you I got the confirmation on our reservation?" Castiel asked him as they cruised down the highway. Dean's face broke out into a wide smile at the question.
“I thought he was getting better?” John asked, and Dean sighed.
Castiel angled his head back; brow arched in a haughty way that let Dean know that that explanation wasn’t nearly informative enough. He was denied elaboration, however, as they had now reached Garth.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean breathed out, huffing a soft laugh at the lightness he felt in having finally said it out loud.
“I don’t take kindly to liars. Especially pretty ones.”
“Calm yourself, princess. Any chance you and Cas can get next Monday and Tuesday off?”
“How do you not remember? You killed my witch. She was
Dean also needed the change of scenery, and he needed to learn how to live without Cas. Yeah, he and April still hadn’t come out publicly yet, but Dean knew it was coming, and it was one thing to know something in your mind, but it was a whole other ball game when you saw it with your own eyes. With the Impala as a graduation gift from his father—
“You’re not going to make this easy, are you?” Michael asked with amusement and if Dean wasn’t mistaken, a hint of approval. Well, hell if he needed that.
"No one?" Castiel interrupted softly.
"I don't know," Castiel murmured, locked in a staring contest with Dean, his blue eyes wide with apprehension. "I haven't seen him. But I know they're here. I can feel them. So much anger," Castiel's brow furrowed. "And pain."
The first two days after Thanksgiving, he hibernated. It was like when April had first died all over again. All he could think about was how different his life might be right now if he and Dean hadn’t been manipulated. Of course, that made him feel selfish, which only pissed him off because, damn it, he was the one wronged here, and that hadn’t just gone away because April died. Castiel knew he’d been freaking Dean out, and he could see the undeniable worry in his earthy green eyes.
Castiel cocked his head in surprise. Dean actually looked interested.
“Yeah, for fun,” Gabriel said with a snort of laughter. ”I’ll bet.”
"Don't label me; it wasn't a nudist colony. Are you a wine drinker?" Castiel asked, and Dean wondered at the abrupt subject change.
What did he want with Jack?
The musical sound of Dean’s laugh jolted Castiel out of his ponderings and he looked over from the picnic table he was leaning against. The reason for Dean’s guffaws were a few hundred feet out on the lake, where John and Bobby were bobbing next to the overturned canoe they had just been fishing in.
“Wait, what guy?”
"Alright, fine, since you won't let me seduce you tonight," Dean huffed out a laugh at the petulance in Castiel's voice, "then tell me more about yourself. What's the stupidest thing you've ever done?"
The fire ring was surrounded by short two-person logs, and Dean and Castiel sat by the fire, laughing as they had a yawn-war, each one triggering another as they waited for their turns to change inside of the tent. He loved the way the air smelled, clean pine and woodsmoke and leaning into Cas, the vibrant smell of lemon and salty skin.
“You're used to getting what you want, aren’t ya Cas?” Dean whispered between them. “Why is it you want me?” The sound of fear interwoven with the curiosity in Dean’s tone made Castiel’s heart ache in his chest.
“I have all you set up in the east wing; I know that Castiel and Dean are staying in town,” she smiled back at them,” but just in case you do decide to stay, there is a room ready for you as well.”
"That's enough! Stop asking me questions. I have the gun, I make the fucking rules. GET OFF AT THE NEXT EXIT," Alastair roared, and Dean moved over to the right lane. His heart started to gallop as the old Ford switched lanes as well, separated from Dean by two cars.
He could hear Dean singing off-key in the shower and he snickered to himself as he grabbed paper plates and napkins out of the kitchen.  Emmanuel also brought out two Downeast ciders, grated parmesan, and had the DVR queued up for the last few missed episodes of Master Chef.
Castiel couldn’t help but grin at the gobsmacked face that Gabriel wore all the way back to the station.
,’ Dean had whispered out of the corner of his mouth, making Castiel choke on his wine.
, just…" Dean trailed off as Castiel's fingers slipped out, his asshole fluttering, wanting to be filled. Castiel rose up on his knees, inching closer. He knew his chin was slick with spit and lube as he bent down to claim Dean's mouth in a sloppy kiss, tongues sliding together with a wet, filthy sound. His cock, dripping, nudged at Dean's entrance. Castiel leaned back, stroking his dick with lube-covered fingers, groaning at the feeling of his own hand on his shaft.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Dean said, stretching across to the nightstand, and Castiel’s palms gripped Dean’s hips, anchoring him in his lap as Dean fished his lube out of the drawer. “You wanna open me up?”
Castiel shook his head. “I can’t even think about that right now. All I can think about is finding this fucker so I can get Jack and my husband back.”
“Well, Cas,” Bobby said, holding up his beer, everyone else following, John with his thermos of coffee, “welcome to your first widower’s campout.  Glad to have you here, sorry it was necessary.”
Dean hadn’t noticed his presence yet, too engrossed with what he was doing. Dean was crouched in front of the DVD player tucked into a built-in wall shelf.  His eyes were lit on the TV screen. Castiel immediately knew it was their wedding video because the background and clothing matched the picture framed on his desk. He couldn’t hear what was going on because the volume was too low but whatever it was the Castiel on-screen whispered in his ear caused the Dean on-screen to toss his head back in laughter only to be dragged back by the Castiel on-screen into a deep kiss. Watching, he felt butterflies winging in his stomach. Castiel must have made a noise because Dean spun around so fast he nearly fell over. His eyes were glistening and for a second he looked as though he were going to apologize, though he’d done nothing wrong. Instead, his shoulder drooped and he heaved out a sigh.
Dean nodded, frantically. Yes.
fun,” Ash said, waggling his eyebrows and making the girls groan.
They traded soft kisses before Castiel heaved himself up to retrieve a wet washcloth, gently cleaning the drying cum between Dean's cock and treasure trail before wiping away his own.  Dean chuckled when Cas chucked the damp washcloth into the bathroom, landing on the counter with a splat.
“Hang in there, buddy. Nearly done here,” Dean spoke into his ear reassuringly. Ignoring the goosebumps brought on by the warmth of his breath, Castiel’s eyes shifted down the line of people waiting to pay their respects. There were only a handful of people left in the funeral home. April’s mother sat sobbing quietly on the red velvet loveseat reserved for the grieving family. Her sister sat next to her. April’s father had never been in the picture.  Castiel supposed he should be comforting his mother-in-law, but Diane Kelly had never been a big fan of Castiel’s, and he could safely say the feeling was mutual.
“Are you Clarence?”  his voice was a drawling baritone that had a soothing effect. “Welcome to Honeybee Bakery, I’m Dean Winchester.”
Castiel rolled his eyes so hard that they hurt. “Don’t ask stupid questions,” he bit out, scornfully.
The first box contained paperback novels, a hospital bracelet that said, Emmanuel James Milton, and a photo album with a cover photo of a pretty redhead holding a sweet-faced toddler with dark hair and eyes, both of them being embraced from behind by a strikingly handsome man with a wicked grin.
“Hey. The pie is mine. Anyway, the school’s closed, and Crowley refused to hold off until after the break, so the library it is.” Dean shrugged. “It won’t be too bad. It’s only till three, and I have the keys because there's some charity auction later on tonight. I told Garth I’d close up for him so he could get home early, and he and Bess can get ready and drop the kids off at her Dad’s house.”
Later that night as they slid into Dean’s bed-
Dean palmed himself through his jeans, willing away his hard-on.  No matter how much he missed sex, he was not going to jerk himself off on the couch with his husband in the next room. Forcing himself to think of anything besides sexy Cas, Dean finished his bowl and went in the kitchen to get his soup started in the crock-pot.
Dean laughed. “Right? Pretty Awesome.”
Mildred abandoned her book on Garth’s desk in favor of coming over to Dean. She winked at him, offering to let Dean sample her pie sometime, and he swore he blushed like a virgin at a strip club.
Gabriel sent him a look that could only be described as
Dean whimpered when Emmanuel slipped out of his body, stripping off the condom and tying it off quickly, tossing it into the waste-paper basket. Dean’s still-trembling legs fell open as he fought for breath, revealing his fluttering pucker and Emmanuel couldn’t resist parting Dean’s firm freckled cheeks further to lavish a dirty kiss on his gaping hole. Emmanuel’s spent cock twitched valiantly at the soft gasps of stuttered air that escaped Dean’s lips when Emmanuel sucked and tongued his entrance. He only pulled away when it became too much and Dean tugged at his hair.
It was a good question, and Dean reckoned he needed to come up with an answer quickly.
Only Castiel couldn’t let it go.
Slowly, Castiel’s leg slipped down from around his waist, and Dean collapsed against him with a laugh. The water was no longer hot, but lukewarm, and Dean knew it wouldn’t be long until it became cold.
“Absolutely,” Leo spit out and turned pleading eyes to Jody.
. How Cas’ heart had shattered at the news. After that, Castiel had thrown himself into serial dating, resolved to push past his feelings for Dean, and save their friendship from being irrevocably damaged by Castiel’s feelings.
Dean’s stomach growled, which was impressive considering he’d had breakfast then indulged in more cookies than he was proud of. Still, he wasn’t about to deny himself pie. He grabbed his container and the plastic fork that had been dropped inside of the bag of cookies. Dean smiled widely when he opened it up to find Benny’s signature apple. Dean was halfway through his delicious lunch when Mildred Baker walked through the door. She was put together as always, looking both lovely and regal. She held a book in her hand, and Dean saw her eyes light up when she spotted Dean at the table.
“You okay?” Dean reached his hand out and squeezed Cas’ before seeming to remember himself and pulled away.  “Well,” Dean said a little awkwardly and Castiel watched as his hand shook a bit before finally steadying around his coffee cup, bringing it to his lips for a sip. The nervous tell twisted something inside of Castiel and he wished he knew how to make it easier.
“Well, Rowena should be happy about that,” Dean said with a grin. “She can still market the place as a haunted B&B, without the risk of drownings and possessions.”
Castiel pondered change as they soaped each other tenderly under the hot spray of water. Sometimes sad, sometimes new and scary and exciting. Castiel slid his slick hands around Dean's waist and kissed him sweetly in the apple-scented steam, vowing not to let his grief keep him from having this; to not push Dean away again.
The table shook when Dean slammed the paper down on the surface. Sam startled in his seat but Castiel merely looked at Dean with an arched brow and continued eating his peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
"It isn't about owing, Dean. I
“Good luck, Cas. You can do this,” Sam said encouragingly, and Dean grinned.
"Yeah, well. Doesn't matter anyway, does it? He was there for Adam as much as he was for me and Sammy, which is not at all," Dean scrubbed his hands over his face. "I don't even know how to talk to the kid," not that he was a kid. Adam was only a few years younger than Sam. "He's probably expecting some meaningful stories about Dad and what the hell can I tell him? That he was a mean drunk, who let his pain win out over taking care of his family? That the only time he'll get to actually speak to him is on visitation day at the prison? Nah, Sam's better at the talking stuff. I’ll leave it to him.”
“Something I can help you with, Andrea?” Dean’s smooth drawl had Castiel sitting up straighter and his nerves on edge.
Castiel felt himself plumping beneath the sheets as he thought about it. His body was achy and sated and still, he wanted. Cas lightly stroked himself for a moment before rolling over to press kisses to Dean’s shoulders. Sandalwood and vanilla clouded his senses as the man beneath him stirred, eyes blinking open owlishly. Castiel blanketed himself over Dean’s back and the flushed head of his cock dragged against his skin.
Dean scooted closer to Emmanuel and wrapped an arm around his shoulders. “I’m here for you, okay? Whatever you need. If you wanna talk about it, if you just want someone to lean on, I’m your guy. Capisce?”
Then, Castiel did smile, shoulders slumping in relief. “Thank you, Dean.” They both knew he didn’t just mean for the food.
“She’s got some delivery coming into The Roadhouse.”
Cas held Dean against him, and he buried his face in Cas’ hair, breathing in the musky scent of sex mixed with sweet apple, and sighed tremulously. Dean had his arms wrapped tight around Castiel’s neck, his cock trapped and slick between their stomachs. Despite the minimal friction, Dean knew it would take nothing but a feather-light touch to have him spilling between them.
Castiel sat up and grimaced at the dark stain on Dean’s tee-shirt.
“Dark and messy is a good look on you, sunshine, what can I say?” Dean asked with adoration in his eyes and Castiel’s heart clenched as he fought to not to drown in their green and gold depths.
His throat felt tight, another swig from his bottle doing nothing to ease the ache. When the sound escaped, he didn’t even recognize it.  Not at first. Not until his breathing hitched did he realize the wounded noise was coming from his own throat. Dean finally broke; heaving sobs that had him gripping his own head, hands tugging at his hair painfully. Dean registered the thick, sweat-dampened arms wrapping around him from behind; the rich scent of coffee, cinnamon and mint breaking through and having a nearly immediate calming effect, hysterical weeping slowing to muted whimpers. Dean felt weak. He should be the one offering comfort but in that moment, he allowed it, and soaked in the warmth and safety of Castiel’s embrace.
Beside him, Dean chuckled as he grabbed Cas’ bag out of the car before he had a chance to.
“All right, fine,” Castiel said confidently. “But only if you agree not to let
It wasn't anything Castiel didn’t already know, but hearing it so carelessly spoken, and in Dean’s rich baritone too, was disturbing.
“But Cas…”
"We're just hanging out," Castiel said, finally, after washing his mouthful of peanut butter down with a swig of milk.
“That’s quite a mouthful. I’m calling you Clarence,” she nodded as she spoke, as though the decision was made and that would be all. Bemusedly, Emmanuel took a seat at a small table by the window.  It was still early in the small seaside town, just past nine, yet the streets were already bustling. Couples with fanny packs and camera phones out traipsed down the boardwalk as families in their flip-flops, lugging coolers, trailed after their children, taking the narrow wooden ramps down to the beach.
“He’s right, Sam. Dean and I, we just wanted you to feel comfortable opening up about whatever it is, without our relationship being the center of attention. We were trying to distract you so you’d let your guard down.”
Next to him, Claire giggled and gifted him the first genuine smile of the day.
During a quick shower, Castiel jerked himself off roughly, trying to relieve some of the tension. He was so eager to spend the evening with Dean, just the thought of being near him, his scent; bonfires and sea salt, had him thickening in his hand, and he came on a sharp cry as he envisioned tasting Dean's skin. Castiel scrubbed himself clean, using the tangerine and grapefruit body wash Dean seemed to enjoy on him.
That's what he was supposed to do, wasn't it? To buy time?
Gabriel laughed. “You hoping to seduce him into moving in early?”
Castiel shifted on his seat.  “No. I still wasn't ready. The truth is, when I did come out, it was by accident. After I'd finally admitted to myself that I wanted what Cesar and Jesse had, I wanted to talk to Daphne right away and end things...but I wasn't ready to deal with those consequences yet," Castiel paused to take a sip of his wine and Dean waited beside him, patiently.  "You asked me if I missed it, going over those sermons with my dad,” Castiel furrowed his brow pensively, ” I didn't miss the message he conveyed, I never agreed with his version of Christianity anyway, but I wasn't ready to give up that little bit of time where for once a week, I was important to him for something. Even if it was just to be his audience.”
Michael shrugged. “He didn’t know they were in there. That would have required Lucifer to care enough about the servants enough to know their routines or schedules. They often slept out in the barn with Alfie-
“I just stared him down, as menacing as a nearly nine-year-old could and told him there would be no bakery without Castiel. Gabriel just looked at me, all cocky, and said;
When Dean raised his eyes, he was met with mirth dancing in stormy blue irises, and he fought the urge to blush. Yeah, this new, open, free Cas was fucking with his senses for sure.
Without Dean, Castiel wasn’t hopeful.
“I just meant,” Cas continued, “ we have different perceptions. What you consider humorous or perhaps flattering, I find disrespectful. We’re married. That should mean something. “
“Wait,” Dean’s voice was a harsh whisper in the shadow-laden car. “I’m not dreaming, am I, Cas? You meant what you said?”
“But why a bowling alley?” Castiel asked, nodding his thanks when Dean refilled his wine glass. “ Why not Chef of your own restaurant?” he asked with a raised brow, watching as Dean added some heavy cream and pasta water to the butter, garlic, and shrimp, whisking it until a pan sauce developed.
Dean and Castiel packed up quietly and headed down to the lobby. Sharing tender smiles and lingering touches over their continental breakfast, Dean marveled at how lucky he was, how content and full of love he felt.
This fic will update bi-weekly:)
"North Cove. Washington."
It went unsaid that with Castiel human, there would be no reason for him to be lost to the empty.
Dean; to have those gorgeous eyes look at him with love and heat and devotion. Castiel wanted it so badly he could taste it; he could feel it in every line of his body that was screaming that this man before him was
The afternoon was full of food, cheering, and running around. Dean lost track of the times either he or Castiel’s parents had to yell at them to slow down. Sammy took a digger over a tree root and Castiel’s dad Chuck had to use his tankard of ale from
“You’re from Tennessee, Fitzgerald,” Bobby yelled back but gave him a grudging smile and a firm handshake.
-Dean had to fight every urge not to laugh. “This was very different,” Frank said, cracking open another beer.
! Dean’s husband was burying himself with work and covering extra classes; and despite how he was his usual octopus self when they slept, they hadn't been intimate since the funerals. Nearly five weeks now.
Alastair smirked as he fumbled out another two pills and dry swallowed them, water bottles from McDonald's long gone.
said what he wanted and what he wanted was Cas. It had been the happiest moment of his life, and if it weren’t for what had happened with Jack, Castiel was sure he would have been taken by the empty as soon as he and Dean’s lips collided.  He was in love, and he was
Yeah, Dean was getting that, and his voice was raspy with nerves and excitement when he spoke again.
"Is… is that why you never broached the subject of children? Because you suspected?” it was a question Castiel had to ask.
Dean cackled. “I certainly did. Started out as a cowboy, wound up in a pair of pink satin panties,” the image had Castiel draining his glass of wine in half.
Castiel tossed back the rest of his whiskey and looked Dean in the eyes. They gleamed in the dim light, and Castiel raised his brow.
“Maybe you need to start paying attention to other people,” Cole drawled, tone changing from mocking to seductive in a blink, and Castiel saw red. “Someone you actually have shot at.”
Castiel had tried to stay away, but he couldn’t help himself. There was something about Dean. He felt an almost primal need for the man, and that was maybe why he’d felt justified that he’d had to speed things along. There was a nervous flutter in his stomach, one that he hadn’t had since… ever. Castiel was sure that Dean had received the news by now, if the texts Castiel kept getting were anything to go by.
Wrapping the towel around his waist, Emmanuel left the bathroom to head to his bedroom, grunting exaggeratedly when Dean pretended to shove him with his shoulder into the wall on the way by.
Castiel being on staff as well was just the icing. Dean had grown in his year away, and he had been confident that his old feelings for Castiel wouldn’t be an issue.
"So beautiful for me, love," Castiel said, reverently, Dean's dusky pink hole begging for his touch. Castiel traced the furled entrance with his fingers, and Dean whimpered in that way he did when he wanted more. Castiel licked a hot, broad stripe right over Dean's pucker before he circled it slow and wet. Taking his time, Cas worked his tongue inside of Dean's hot channel. With hot, undulating rolls, he had his beloved silently begging with harsh little gasps and jerking hips. Still, Castiel took his time, reveling in the taste of Dean, in the feeling of his fingers tangling in Castiel's hair as he arched in time with the thrusts of Cas' tongue. When he slid a spit-slicked finger in alongside his tongue, Dean groaned, low and deep.
in the dick with a cactus. That worked great on me,” Benny joked, and Castiel laughed, flicking his friend on the arm.
“Your brother is incredibly charming and resourceful,” Castiel said softly from the back, as Sam got back on the road. Dean turned his head and caught Cas’ gaze, blue eyes filled with love and fondness, earlier irritation forgotten.
tight,” Emmanuel dropped his forehead to Dean’s as he gritted his teeth to keep from coming too soon.
“Yeah. Yeah, okay.”
The woman’s kohl-lined eyes narrowed speculatively as she scanned them up and down, and asked in what Castiel assumed was meant to be a tempting tone. “Are you sure?”
was pretty sure he’d consider risking his heart for a one-night stand with the man if it meant seeing those blue eyes again.
Castiel passed Dean’s beloved 67 Chevy Impala, fingers skimming her glossy black paint as he made his way to his own vehicle in the driveway. His Lincoln Continental was a boat, but it was in excellent condition. Dean called her a pimpmobile, but Castiel didn’t care. It got him from point A to point B, and this morning, point B was his partner, Gabriel Milton’s house.
Dean didn't fight when Castiel urged him down to the ground, leaning him up against the closest car's side.
Sam said, and Dean could tell he was talking through gritted teeth, obviously still pissed that one, Dean was not alone, and two, he had an audience.
“Yeah, well. We know they are overdramatic, but that’s just to get viewers. Our evidence, however, is real. Now, Cas, can you tell us a little bit about what you saw last night? Oh, thank you, Dean,” Marv happily accepted a watermelon slice from the Tupperware container Dean pulled out of the cooler.
And Castiel couldn’t help it. He laughed, burying his face in his pillow.
. “I can’t imagine what you’re going through. Not like Sammy here,” Dean nodded towards his brother, somberly. “But I can be here.”
When the woman snarled down at him, her eyes were full feline, and Dean realized what he thought was a knife had been her nails.
?” Dean asked in a strangled whisper, and Castiel found himself shaking with laughter. He loved stoned Dean.
“Just trying not to think of all the different ways I feel like we’re somehow going to get stuck out there tonight. Freak storm. Bridge collapse. Look at this place, Cas. It’s like the Amityville horror house.”
Castiel sucked in a breath. “Yes, we did,” he said, not denying it. “But we also chose to stay married because we love each other, don’t we? And if you’re ready to talk about it, April, I mean
“No. No, man, I wouldn’t do that to Sam. I sure as hell wouldn’t disrespect you like that after everything.”
Dean and Castiel looked at each other, nervous, while Sam began packing things up, agitatedly tossing condiments back into the cooler.
Dean’s smile rolled out, slow and lazy. “I sure as hell hope so, Cas,” Dean said, before tossing Castiel a saucy wink and breaking for the stairs.
“Hey, Becky?” Charlie interrupted the girl’s monologue, as Dean had apparently lost his inability to think beyond the words
“Christ, you’re so sexy,”
“She posted it on youtube,” Sam said, cutting to the chase. “And it wasn’t just an accident, guys, it seriously looked deliberate.”
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel said.
“Jimmy went outside to get some air, Captain Subtlety,” Kevin said cheekily as he took his own cupcake. Instead of retorting, Dean just rolled his eyes. He grabbed two of his own cupcakes and went back into the kitchen, pulling a small pastry box off of the shelf to place his treats in.
Dean began pushing back, fucking hard onto Castiel’s cock and up into his fist. Castiel hitched Dean’s leg higher and tighter against him so he could grind in deeper.
"Right. I'm not going to let anyone hurt you, Dean."
Dean frowned, puzzled at where this was going. "Yeah?"
Dean said they lived in Pine Grove, a little suburb of Quincy.  As Dean took the turn into the entrance of Grace Falls Lofts, he pointed out at the signs.
“Typical port town,” Sam acknowledged. “So does he have a job? Or did you give him one of those too?” Sam asked dryly.
“You were fascinated by angels and how they were depicted in so many different ways,” Dean continued as he went about the kitchen, pulling an aluminum casserole dish covered in foil from the fridge. Castiel decided to watch from the barstool instead of the couch. “Tree-toppers, cherubs playing harps, instead of their true warrior persona. The angel in your series, Emmanuel, he’s a true warrior angel. Doing God’s work, no matter the consequence, despite whether or not he thinks it’s right or wrong, because angels are above all of that.”
“See, what most of you don’t know is that the remarkable Mr. Edlund here is actually my father, and there are just certain things you can’t write about with your dad, namely graphic angel porn.” A few of the other authors on stage were asked questions, but it wasn’t until near the end of the panel that Castiel was singled out with the one Dean had been waiting for.
Thanks to my teapot/parabatai Bek, as always, for being with me on this, chapter by chapter. Love you!
And damn if that didn’t bring tears to Cas’ eyes. “Mine, Dean. All mine.”
“Claire, there is no way your father would have ever cheated on your mom, okay? He loved her too much for that. He still loves her, Claire, whether she is here or not.” Dean reached into his messenger bag and pulled out two bottles of water and handed one over. He twisted off the cap and took a swig.
“Because it is,” Castiel said firmly. “It
“Thanks, guys.” Dean appreciated Sam and Gabriel’s calm presence. Especially since he knew they were worried too. They’d been by Dean’s side at the hospital, finally going home to sleep yesterday after being told it would be hours yet before Castiel was fully awake enough to hold a conversation.
Dean smirked. “I do, actually. But I need my brother. I need to break through long enough to talk to Sammy.”
“I don’t… I don’t know. Dean, they come home next week, don’t they?”
"Cas," Dean's voice trembled when he spoke, the very effort of it staggering, and his fiance's breath hitched at the unsteady sound of Dean's voice. "Cas, something's wrong. I feel-someone-"
“They don’t know that,” Dean said smartly and Sam just shook his head. “Alright, baby, you about ready to blow this place. There are ski slopes waiting for us.”
“Anyway, my old man was a cruel son of a bitch, and I was always afraid I’d be the same way, so every time she brought it up, I shot it down. By the time I changed my mind, it was too late. She never forgave me for that, and I have to live with it.”
Castiel lurched over to the waste paper basket and promptly threw up.
“I meant that in our lives, in our work, the greater good would always come first. As long as there were people who needed to be saved, you, my dearest, righteous, man," Cas observed him with a warm, proud expression, "You would continue to fight, even when it meant denying yourself.”
Castiel had envisioned this moment many ways, but right now, all he could think was that he wanted to stay like this, in Dean’s lap, looking into his dark forest eyes.
The doors opened up on a long hallway. The carpet was a dark patterned grey and high windows were lit with the midday sun that gave the illusion of being warmer than the forty-five degrees it actually was. There were gorgeous sketches of the city framed on the blush-colored bricks.  Something about the work seemed familiar.
“Nothing to be sorry for, sunshine. You okay? You were screaming my name.”
“You put a tracker. In my car.” Dean bit the words out slowly, and Castiel finally spared him a glance and arched his brow.
“He was only three last time, Dean,” Cas reminded him.
Dean tried to ignore the unpleasant wave of nausea at the thought of Castiel dating someone else. Yes, he knew Cas didn’t see him like that and had long accepted the fact that one day his best friend would move on, but he didn’t have to like it.
"Come on, love. Let's get you checked out."
“We should probably head back to the party,” Dean whispered against Cas’ hair, fingernails scritching at the nape of his neck. “And I’m sure you might want to talk to Michael tonight, so things are at least less awkward tomorrow.”
Castiel didn’t imagine the way L.J.’s hand lingered in his grasp, and Cas was quick to extract it. He didn’t miss the full-body perusal, that had him taking a step back, either.
Yebat: Fuck
“Do you think you would have stopped? If Mom hadn’t died?” Sam asked the question, and Castiel felt Dean tense up next to him.
“What’s going on Dean-o?” It was Gabriel who spoke first and Dean raised his eyes to meet his best friend’s gaze.
“So he thinks he’s indulging you when really you’re just trying to take his mind off of things.
Dean had bought Garth a drink, and Castiel had been grateful that Bess was not imbibing, seeing as how two bottles of
Of course he had.
, here, but out of the empty. Off being a super duo with Jack, and Dean was proud. Hell, he was over the moon Cas wasn’t off playing Sleeping Beauty, but fuck if he wasn’t hurt that Cas wasn’t here to greet him. Especially considering what Dean thought was an hour-long joyride had turned out to be fifty years on earth.
“Damn, Cas. So then…?”
“I was just leaving Sam a voicemail. I completely spaced on him and Meg going to the concert by the pier. Guarantee there was plenty of bar hopping.  We don’t have to wait for him.”
When the prints proved Castiel’s words to be true, Dean felt like he was having a waking dream. It wasn’t that he hadn’t believed, especially after what they had learned about the Milton family,  but seeing it in black in white, was still a shock to his system.
“The fact that you think I need to defend myself tells me we
Castiel shrugged. “His name was L.J. His friend accidentally hit me with a football, and he tried to remedy the situation by asking me out for a drink.”
“Yeah, and heating up coals. You ready for game night? Been a while since you haven’t been too bogged down with work to come.”
Castiel cupped his face, smiling so wide, before pressing a tender kiss to Dean’s lips.
“No, but-”
"Jesus," Dean breathed out at the blunt confession.
Castiel pulled back enough to peek at Dean and found nothing but unadulterated love deep in his eyes. He wanted to ask what they did now. Did he go to the police? The doctors? Would he need bloodwork? What did one usually do when they suddenly found out they’ve been kidnapped? The thought had a hysterical bubble of laughter escaping and he shook his head as Dean only seemed to grow more concerned.
“Yeah. Yeah, okay.”
“Hey Dean, just out of curiosity, you don’t
The first brush of tongue against tongue sent sparks all through his body, and he let out a little mewl much higher than his usual gravelly tone. Dean seemed to enjoy it, however, as he was tugged in tightly by the belt at his waist. Time seemed endless as they stood under the stars, exploring each other’s mouths. With gentle nips, licks, and sucks, their lips continued to cling and part, and cling again.
“Jimmy? I thought Meg said his name was Clarence?”
“Sure you don’t mind not going into the city with everyone?” Dean asked quietly. A new dance club had opened up on Boylston street and was where the majority of their friends were spending their Saturday night.
, Samuel! When do I ever not look my best when I’m being photographed?” she gave a twirl, and her hunter green summer dress swirled around her. “I think I look quite fetching.”
“Yes, of course, Rowena. Can you tell us more about how the manor got its tragic reputation?” Sam said.
Castiel’s eyes locked on Dean’s, twin expressions of love-drunk lust, making his heart stutter. Castiel felt Dean’s hand trail from it’s resting place on Cas’ lower back, down between his asscheeks. When Dean’s finger dipped into Cas hole, still a little stretched from lazy morning sex, he was done. Castiel arched, thigh muscles trembling as his cock erupted between them, thick and white.
a little weird,” Inias said, good-naturedly.
Castiel nodded. “We need more than that. We need to get someone watching next door. Rowena’s tea shop has that roof garden. It’s not perfect, but if we get Ketch and Davies up there, maybe they’ll hear something or see something the cams don’t pick up.”
"I’ll be there in a minute," Dean said when Sam turned questioning eyes on him. "Gonna go check out the water," Dean said, meaningfully, which was code for
“Patience, Grasshopper,” came a rough voice from below, tight with exertion. “Just fixing these cameras,” a stocky middle-aged man stood up, salt and pepper hair spiked, and eyes narrowed behind the lenses of wide-framed glasses.
“No, though, considering Lucifer and Ruby were the last ones alive, one would assume one or the other was guilty.”
Dean shrugged, “I think it’s funny.”
Dean rolled his shoulders, groaning when he heard a pop. They had been slammed. Everyone trying to get their cars vacation-ready; weekends were always busy, but weekends in the summer were a whole other beast. They’d fit in thiry cars for inspection, and Dean had also replaced the brake pads in a Subaru and fixed the tail light of a new driver’s used Corolla.
Dean made quite a picture standing in front of the kitchen window. Dawn was just breaking and sunlight flowed in catching the amber highlights in Dean’s  hair on fire, his freckles illuminated under the soft glow. A wave of love rolled through him and Castiel swallowed past the lump in his throat as he wrapped his arms around Dean from behind. He kissed Dean’s shoulder and then casually asked him if he would make him another cake for his birthday this year. Dean tensed before letting out a soft huff of laughter, putting down his coffee mug on the counter as he leaned back into Castiel’s embrace, arms coming up to cover his.
“Pfft,” Gabriel snorted. “He’s not a twink and you’re not a geezer. No one’s gonna think that’s why you’re together. You’re both just two hot dudes doing the naked pretzel together.”
“Rowena, please, dear. Ms. Macleod is much too formal,” her voice practically purred, and Castiel heard Charlie and Kevin snicker behind them.
“Hell, yeah, Cas,” Dean rasped as the angel nuzzled at the underside of Dean’s jaw, a whisper against his skin until suddenly Cas’ lips were there, soft and pillowy. It was tremulous and sweet and perfect, and when Castiel’s tongue shyly swept into Dean’s mouth, he actually whimpered. That only seemed to embolden Cas further, and he edged in closer, a hand creeping up the back of Dean’s jacket to caress his nape before fisting in Dean’s hair.
He hadn't even told Cas about it, which had led to a spectacular fight on what things were considered important enough to tell your husband.
They drew apart slowly, Dean’s cheeks tinged pink with a what Cas suspected was a mixture of the chilly wind and his vulnerability.
Castiel found himself dragged into another rib-cracking hug from his parents, laughing into his mother’s lavender-scented hair when from across the yard he heard his fiance yell as his mother launched herself at him, nearly knocking him into the horseshoe pit they were playing on.
“Late lunch?” Dean offered hopefully, heart filling with affection when he realized that Castiel was already grabbing plates and forks.
“Boss says you never eat when you get sucked into work this early and no more coffee until this is gone.”
A few weeks after the wedding,  April had a miscarriage. Castiel grieved, but April seemed almost relieved. He urged her to seek grief counseling, but April didn’t want to go. Instead, she went out with her friends. Castiel felt lonely, but he didn’t want to say anything to April, because if being around them was helping her cope, then Castiel was okay with that. Castiel did want to see a counselor, however, and he began, visiting with Dr. Pamela Barnes, once a week for a few months after they lost the baby. He began to question a lot of things. Was he happy? Was April happy? There was no denying they married because April was pregnant. They stayed married because they took vows, because they loved each other, but did they love each other enough?
“Gabriel and I were just discussing that. See you this evening, Dean.”
“Shit,” Dean muttered, “lost track of time.” He yawned hugely and Emmanuel raised his head, suddenly feeling the weight of exhaustion as well. A glance at the wall clock showed it was nearly 4:30. “Couldn’t sleep, so I was gonna introduce Jimmy to some pre-dawn baking.”
think we are going to find Bigfoot?”  The question was asked with good humor and Dean lifted a shoulder.
Dean thought back to when he was a kid, sitting in the Impala's back seat, bitching when Sam would put his legs in Dean's space. Or how they would fight over the space between them.
to me. And it just seems like it’s too good to be true; not only are you the love of my life, but you’re
Dean chanted rawly, as he locked up against him, his head tilted back on Castiel’s shoulder. Dean's mouth opened on a silent cry as come pulsed out of his cock, hot and thick, dripping over Castiel’s knuckles
Dean reached the door first, grappling in his back pocket for the key, and he laughed breathlessly when Emmanuel draped over his back, the warmth of his mouth on the back of his neck tickling erotically.
“Honestly, yeah.  Sleep… I’m so afraid I’m going to wake up, and none of this will’ve happened.   I’ve dreamed of you coming home so many times, walking into the bakery, like you knew it was where you were supposed to go,” he sighed, a thready sound that fisted around Castiel’s heart.  “ You know, when I first saw you, your eyes killed me. For that split second all I could think was how much you reminded me of Cas. And you were blunt and funny, and so fucking beautiful,” Dean said with a laugh. “I was not expecting you.  You changed my life, and flipped my world upside down. I definitely did not expect to fall in love. But I did, and you’re everything. You are
“What did you do? Watch over me all night?” Castiel asked, fondly, and Dean lifted his gaze, green locking on blue.
hung on the wall. He‘d decided on a bright, lemon yellow. Two comfortable cushioned chairs in black sat in front of a desk in warm espresso. Next, to his computer, Castiel had a framed photo of him and Dean at sixteen, huddled together waiting for the Halloween hayride at
It had been nearly eight hours, and Dean hoped they would be able to stop soon. Even more, he hoped that Cas and the calvary weren't far behind. Dean wondered if it even occurred to Alistair that Dean's car would be on camera as they passed through the toll booth. Judging by the manic look in his hopped-up eyes, he doubted it.
“I love how you can twist cowardly into polite and spin into a positive thing, “ Castiel said dryly, and Dean shrugged.
Castiel settled his arms around Dean’s waist, hands locked and resting on the small of Dean’s back. He smiled fondly when Dean nervously looped his own arms around Cas’ neck. They settled against each other, swaying back and forth gently amongst the other students.
The bedroom was bright and heavy with the scent of ripe sex and Castiel wasn’t sure he could even move. Dean appeared to suffer from the same affliction as he fumbled with the covers one-handedly and dragged them up over their limp bodies, not even attempting to clean up or let Castiel slip loose from his body.
“Quatro Formaggio,” Dean interrupted.
Dean angled his head back and found Emmanuel staring at him with love and banked need simmering in his blue depths.
Bee stung, angular lips curved up in the barest hint of a smile, as Castiel's blue eyes stared knowingly into Dean's.
“I mean, I wouldn’t say not to a threesome with him—”
know that name. Somehow, he’d missed the devastatingly handsome face.
"Yes, though he still insists it was an accident."
“Even when you turn my hair into a fucking birds nest,” Castiel teased and Dean gave a bark of laughter.
Dean made Emmanuel dance with him until the song was over and he was laughing, tipping his head back against Dean’s shoulder as they moved.
Dean choked on his wine and Castiel patted his back.
“Dean? Cas?” Sam’s whisper sounded loud in the dark night, and Dean smiled sappily as Castiel tried and failed to hold back a laugh.
Dean looked around, noting Sam and Benny chatting casually while his brother shuffled the cards.
So, instead, he reached into the bedside table drawer and drew out a bottle of lube. Castiel crawled forward until he was on his knees straddling Dean.  Dean, knees raised, planted his feet solidly on the mattress and ran his hands teasingly up and down Castiel’s thick thighs, scratching at the fine dusting of hair. With a wink, Castiel coated his own fingers and began to work himself open. Castiel widened his stance, head falling back as he breached his own rim, tugging on his bottom lip with his teeth.
“That you bought my building to use for low-income housing for single parents? I have my sources,” Dean waggled his brows. Castiel merely stared him down and Dean sighed.
"It's alright, Jody," Castiel said, nodding at Dean when he gestured to take the next exit. "We are just about to stop for the night."
“So, E.J., what brings you to Salt Meadow Harbor?” Dean asked, reclining, arm stretched across the back of the padded booth.
“Tenth anniversary,” Dean confirmed and Castiel’s eyes dropped back down to the photo, wishing there was something he could say that would erase the haunted look on his husband’s face. As it was, he felt sick to his stomach that something that had been such an obvious celebration had ended so terribly.
“Thanks for the newsflash, Captian Obvious,” Dean replied. “I’m well aware.”
Dean smiled at him lazily from over his shoulder, adjusting onto his hands and knees wordlessly, dropping down onto his forearms, an open invitation for Cas to do as he wished. So he did. He tasted miles of smooth skin, bit at firm cheeks, and licked at a Dean’s delightfully furled asshole.
Castiel was so caught up listening to Dean, he almost jumped when a steaming plate of pancakes was set before him, along with bacon and a maple syrup dispenser. Across from him, Dean had the same with an extra side of sausage links and hashbrowns.
Castiel took the take-out container out of Dean’s hands and placed it with the other on the console, obscuring Dean’s view of Charlie and Kevin setting up the cameras and laser grids throughout the small two-bedroom ranch.  Dean had been able to tell just from the walkthrough that the house was going to be high in EMF; the number of electronics and appliances alone, not to mention being right near a utility pole, was going to make it a challenging case.
Sam was understandably disappointed but held no grudge. Castiel had worried what it meant for all of their friendships. Castiel didn't blame either of them but didn't want Dean to think he was choosing Lily over Sam by being there for her. Dean had apparently been feeling the same kind of way because they had both gone out of their way to reach out; Dean to Lily, Cas to Sam, to reiterate that they wouldn't be taking sides. Dean had gone as far as to invite Lily and her new boyfriend to dinner, unbeknownst that Cas had extended the same invitation to Sam. When Dean had begun the preparations for lasagna that night, Castiel just assumed he had spoken to his brother.
“Sure. E.J. sounds good. It’s quick, to the point,” Dean humored him, without any trace of meanness. Emmanuel’s brows rose in surprise as Dean casually slid across from him in the booth. He glanced around, wondering if Dean’s boss would mind him sitting with a patron while he was at work. Not that he minded, the view was quite spectacular.
Dean leaned against Cas’ shoulder and Cas let go of Dean’s hand so he could drape his arms around his shoulders and pull him back against his chest, despite the separate chairs.
,” Castiel teased. “Sounds better. We have to wait for spring and choose what kind of hive. I think we should start with screen-box hives. You can order them with the bees all packaged. Eventually, it would be cool to catch a swarm, but…” Castiel trailed off and Dean had visions of himself running through the trees and dunking in a mud puddle
Castiel raked his eyes over Dean again. "So, autumn eyes, you play pool?"
“For the boutonniere.” Dean deadpanned and he just knew Castiel was beaming at him from wherever he was standing from the pleased tone in his voice when he said
“Yes.”
“Hosting ISS there today.”
Castiel turned to Caire and Kaia again. “And you’re sure you didn’t recognize him? Not from around town, or the school grounds? A janitor, maybe?” They both shook their heads no, and Cas raked his hand through his hair in frustration.
until his mom could get ice. After a lunch of
“Didja miss me, even though I pissed you off?” Dean asked when they were alone again, and Castiel arched a brow in the way he knew made Dean’s breath hitch. He brought his hands around to settle around Dean’s hips and gave him a considering look.
“No one worth talking about, I assure you. And nothing I want to talk about in front of you, Balthazar.”
“Alright, Gabriel,” Castiel said with a euphoric bubble of laughter. “You’ve got yourself a roommate.”
"Kiss me, kiss me, Castiel," Dean gasped, and Castiel was helpless but to obey. Dean's legs dropped to wrap around Cas' waist as he fell forward, caging Dean's head with his arms and ruthlessly taking his mouth in a deep, plundering kiss. Dean's whole body seemed to vibrate beneath Cas, rocking up with every downward push from Castiel. Pulling back far enough to stare at his beloved, Castiel whispered
“God, what is wrong with him?” Gabriel and his wife Kali owned a pornography producton company called Casa Erotica, out in Vegas.
Following Rowena, they entered the building. The air was cool with a hint of something floral, though the only plants he saw were tall and leafy, and sported no blooms. The flooring was white marble, but the walls and the grand staircase were carpeted in deep crimson. Sconces lit with faux candles lined the walls, and a remarkable crystal chandelier hung from the middle of the ceiling. At the top of the stairs, Castiel could see what looked like a large portrait that he guessed was of the Morningstar family.
Castiel was looking at him like he was one fry short of a happy meal and it was kind of adorable. “I’m sorry, should I have known that Luci was short for Lucifer? Who the fuck names their kid Lucifer?”
“Right.”
“Emmanuel James Milton,” he finally spat out, because of course one often answers the wait staff with their full name. He nearly rolled his eyes at himself even as the girl smirked at him.
God, he was sappy. Dean blamed teaching English Lit to hormonal youths constantly in the throes of love or despair.
“I’ve been thinking about it for a while, honestly. I mean, it’s not like I don’t have enough in my savings to keep me going if it takes time to build a decent clientele. Plus,” he offered with a shrug and that half-smile, “it wouldn’t suck to be able to see more of you during the day.”
“I really had nothing left to stay for back in Pontiac,” he amended, as the small apartment in Illinois, like so many others, had never felt like home.
"He's Sam Winchester's brother." Charlie leveled him with a look.
"Don't be shy. I wanna hear all about sweet Mrs. Winchester. I assume she is one of those loved ones you wanted me so far away from.”
Jo was engaged in an involved conversation with Kara about culinary school,  as Charlie tapped ash off of the coals with the small tongs. Sam, like Castiel, did not partake of the shisha but enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere all the same.
Castiel chuckled. “Yes. Joshua is an old family friend, and he is going to be retiring soon.”
Dean stood up and walked into the kitchen to refill his coffee. “I’ll tell ya about it over dinner. Whatcha making me? Or do you have, like, Gordon Ramsey on tap?”
“She was so fucked up, Cas. God, she was delusional, “ Dean murmured in incredulity.
“Who’s Michael?” Meg asked and Charlie snorted.
“It’s okay, Dean. I told you, you can’t keep apologizing for acting the way you normally would around your husband.” The words seemed to relax Dean, his lips even curved up into a smile.
“Must you?” Sam asked, pained.
“They’re on the move,” Gabriel said, suddenly. He held up his phone. “Ketch says that Dean and Jack were seen coming out the back of the library. It looks like they were handcuffed together, and Alistair had a gun on them. Cas, they took the Impala.” Gabriel said, arching a brow at him knowingly.
Dean chewed on his bottom lip, nodding absently.
Dean looked up from where he was waxing his Baby. Castiel bit his lip, as he unabashedly stared at his husband’s shirtless chest, muscles flexing as he wiped the sweat from his brow with his forearm. Dean winked at him knowingly, and Castiel rolled his eyes.
“C’mon, Sam, I had to. Look at the name!” Dean was defending himself, and Cas forced himself to sit up. He crawled out of the sleeping bag and dropped forward into Child’s Pose, and breathed through the stretch. He debated for half-a-second on whether to get changed first or enjoy some of the dark roast he could smell brewing in the Coleman coffeemaker. Thank fuck for batteries.
"Already did, locals on their way too, for transport."
Castiel gracefully moved from pose to pose, more elegant than anything Dean had ever seen, and his hand flew over the paper, barely even looking at the page as he created a short series of the movements; crude sketches, because it had been a while, but still, he was pretty happy with them. Deciding to stop being a creeper, Dean forced himself to put the pencil and pad down and started searching the cabinets and fridge for ingredients for breakfast.
Dean huffed out a laugh that morphed into a keening sigh the closer Cas’ mouth got to his dick.
“We continue on as we have been the last few months; hanging out, getting to know each other and if after 6 months, if you still feel about me the way I
, Mary produced a plastic container from within her large canvas bag; Castiel’s favorite double chocolate cake with banana cream filling.  It had been hidden underneath sweatshirts, wet wipes, band-aids and extra clothes, standard supplies when outings with children were involved.
Dean quickly made his way to the room indicated, surprised to see Castiel leaning against the industrial beige wall, chatting with a short man with golden eyes who was currently sprawled in a metal-backed chair, blowing a massive bubble with his gum. Castiel only rolled his eyes and gestured for Dean to enter the room when he was caught staring.
“Night, jerk.”
Along with Gabriel’s contribution, and Dean’s pies, a quick stop at the supermarket netted them rolls, buns, fruit and cheese platter, and the makings for S’mores.
"When you're ready," Castiel said, hand reaching out to cup the back of Dean's neck, thumb rubbing gentle circles at his nape, "we should have him over. He's still your family."
"Henriksen? This is Novak, go ahead," Castiel said, skipping over the pleasantries. Henriksen didn't seem to mind as he jumped right in.
“Perhaps,” he finally said, allowing himself to be drawn into an indulgent kiss, barely lifting a hand in goodbye when Eilleen popped her head back in the kitchen to tell them she was leaving. No doubt they’d be doing this again, the next time Sam or Dean pissed them off.
"I want him back, Gabriel. I want him back, in my arms."
“You were at this sci-fi writers convention in Chicago and I had promised to help Rufus out with this restoration he was working on that weekend, so I couldn’t even tell you about it. I didn’t want to ask you about it over the phone, you know?”
“It’s in the vows, baby,” Dean grinned at him. Dean was still trying to make Cas feel better, and his heart ached for it.
Meg scowled from the couch but there was no heat behind it. “Nerd brought us breakfast from downstairs then went for his morning jog.” She said the word as if the very thought was abhorrent, though her expression was fond and Dean laughed.
― Kamand Kojouri
“It’d be creepy if it wasn’t hot,” Castiel laughed at Meg’s words. Turns out that when taking an accidentally impaired Ork to the E.R. there could be benefits; such as Charlie meeting Nurse Masters. This was their second date and Cas could see the sparks between the two women and it made him smile.
Finished with their drinks, Castiel settled against Dean, when his arm slipped around Cas’ waist. He shivered a bit when Dean’s lips cruised along the side of his neck, and Castiel tipped his head slightly without thought, to give him access.
"I did. We both jumped off the shed, and I was fine, but Sammy broke his arm. I had to drive him to the ER on my handlebars. Fuck, was my mom pissed."
“Well, usually a Sasquatch cry is a long, loud whooping sound,” Frank said matter of factly.  When Frank started demonstrating with a high pitched bellow of
Dean hung up without a goodbye and immediately reached for Castiel’s hand again. He willed his stomach to stop swooping and tried to distance himself from what was about to happen. He welcomed the numb feeling that was beginning to overtake him, mind and body finally responding to the shock.
“Well, Castiel,” L.J. drawled out his name with a slow smile. “Could I buy you a drink to say sorry?”
“ The weight of Dean’s own words seemed to hit him at all at once as a flush started up his cheeks to the tips of his ears, so it was no surprise to Emmanuel when Dean lightened the moment with: “Plus, the sex scenes are super hot.”
It was. Sammy had called Dean and he’d nearly cried, he was so filled with pride for his baby brother. Dean and Castiel had skipped the rest of the tutoring session to go celebrate with Sammy at the roadhouse with the rest of their friends and family.
Dean dropped his head to Cas’ stomach, wincing a bit as the motion ripped the man’s fingers from where they were still tangled in his hair. Castiel resettled, his palms gripping Dean’s shoulders.
Dean didn’t eat right away; instead, he observed as Castiel opened his own container of crab rangoon and bit into the plump, fried wonton. A dollop of the cream cheese and crab filling smudged his bottom lip, and Castiel’s tongue darted out to sweep it away. He raised a dark brow, impossibly blue eyes asking without words why Dean was staring. Honestly, Castiel should know by now.
“Everyone deals with loss in their own way,” Emmanuel finished knowingly, and Dean nodded.
“No, I’m fine, thank you. It’s just… a lot. I guess you all know where this is going. They weren’t dreams of the accident. There was never any accident. Dean and I, we recently went out of town.” Castiel nearly laughed out loud at how quickly Jody’s eyes flew to Dean’s face, wide in shock. Dean shrugged and tried to affect an innocent look that fooled no one but did manage to settle Castiel’s nerves and break the tension.
"Honestly, sweetheart, I don’t think so," Dean said, and Cas cocked his head.
Dean shook his head. “No, Cas, I didn’t believe you were cheating on me,” Dean said and everything inside of Castiel loosened, but then-
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Oh, trust me, your obsession with me and all things Dean is merely the last straw. This is about you and your constant lies.”
The rumble of Sam’s truck jerked Cas back to the present and he smiled when he saw the set of Dean’s shoulders relax as he painted an unimpressed look on his face when Sam stepped out of the truck looking guilty.
"Room service should be here any minute. I'm going to take a shower now."
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean shot back.
-adorable pout, when Cas blocked his lips with the envelope.
For the first time, Castiel noticed that Lilith was holding something, a mason jar that looked to be filled with key cards.
"Ouch," Dean yelped when Castiel got him right on his arm and retaliated by yanking the strong man down until Cas fell against him, and toppled them both over onto the bed.
“I’m sorry.”
Sweat dripped into Castiel’s eyes and his tee-shirt clung to his chest, but it felt so good to let out his aggression. He wasn’t above a little rough and tumble in the sack to let off steam but this wasn’t just the frustration, it was anger. Castiel was not about to bring that into the bedroom. He refused to take his fury out on Dean, though he knew the man would take it. If there is one thing he had learned in his few months in Salt Meadow Harbour, is that Dean Winchester would do anything for him, even to his own detriment.
“Of course she wasn’t. You were just a child, Dean,” Emmanuel chided gently and Dean nodded.
Castiel could only hope that there would be a clue hidden amongst his mother’s —
“After you came out to your parents,” Dean began, “and things ended the way they did, you said you needed to figure out what you were going to do. You weren’t going to follow in your father’s footsteps and take over the church, be the perfect little preacher and live a false life.” Dean smiled at him softly.  “You decided to put what classes you’d already taken toward something you enjoyed and started working on your teaching degree instead. But while you did that, you began seriously writing as well,” Dean nodded his head to the kitchen and rose to grab their mugs. Castiel followed him with his eyes over the open floor to the kitchen where he put them in the sink then turned the oven on to pre-heat.
It was pure instinct that had Dean’s fingers chasing up Castiel’s back alongside his neck to finally rest cradling his husband’s face. Dean’s thumbs brushed against Cas’ perpetual five o’clock shadow humming into the kiss when Castiel angled his head to take it deeper. They kissed languorously, slow rolls of tongue undulating against each other and Castiel let out a delicious whine. He drew back, breath heavy as he stared at Dean with lust-darkened eyes.
Shoving his unnerving feelings into a box labeled
Change was hard. It was scary, intimidating, and a host of other feelings that set butterflies in your stomach and a tightening in your chest. Change was also exciting, new, and quite frankly, inevitable.
” his brother’s words had Dean’s guts twisting in pain as Michael raged inside of him. Dean felt Castiel’s arms wrap around him even as he shook like a pinned-down leaf in a storm.
“C’mon, man. I’m not gonna call the cops, and if you give me my hands, I can do you one better than just describing the dude.”
“Not really. We hung out a lot, senior year. Kissed a few times, nothing major. I knew he was taking off after graduation and I was going to school to get my business degree. I’d been dreaming of opening this bakery since I was a kid. No sweet, hormone-charged invitation was gonna steer me off of that path.”
The rest of the afternoon passed in a blur.  The amount of paperwork that went into reclaiming one’s identity was staggering. Despite Castiel being sure he was who he said he was, there was still due process.  Dean could see his boyfriend was near his breaking point, nerves frayed at the edges now that everything was out in the open.
No, the truth was, Dean was a relationship guy. He liked being part of a couple. When he fell, he fell hard, and unfortunately, it was often with the wrong person. Cassie had broken his heart when she couldn't handle Dean's work schedule and all the extra hours he put in to help pay for Sam's schooling.  After that, there’d been Carmen, who used him for a place to live until she got a modeling contract and fucked off to New York without even a glance in her rear view. The kicker was his last relationship. When Dean used his spare key to let himself into the house where he’d had one hell of a surprise!  There was his boyfriend, Lee, with his jeans still mostly covering his ass,  pounding his bartender on the recliner Dean had bought for his birthday. Lee had tried to blame it on all the hours' Dean worked at his fancy restaurant when he could have been cooking for him at
That wasn’t unusual. Spirits often hid from Castiel, especially when they realized what he could do. Even more so, the ones who didn't want to leave a location.
.  But that all could be attributed to how much freer Cas seemed to be ever since they came home.  Cas still had nightmares, sometimes crying out for Dean. And he would go in Cas’ room and sit on his bed, back against the headboard and rub his back soothingly, something that had become a kind of ritual.
Castiel nearly whimpered, imagining himself bundled under his heavy bumblebee quilt and blessed silence.
“I’m sorry it hurts for you to talk about the accident. I know that all of this is hard for you. I’m just trying to piece things together and I think if you tell me about what happened that night, maybe it could help? Michael’s voice... ” Castiel shook his head and Dean huffed out a laugh at the grimace Castiel made when he mentioned him, “Something about it seemed to trigger something," he shrugged. "Maybe hearing about this encounter with my fist will too,” Castiel tried for light and Dean appreciated the effort. “We can wait until after Sam and Gabriel leave.” Castiel conceded and Dean let out a grateful sigh. “We can even save it for last. There are other, interesting things I wanted to talk to you about, too.” Castiel arched his brow and Dean froze for a moment as he remembered Castiel alluding to that earlier. Dean wasn’t sure if Cas’ other topic of discussion would any more comfortable.
“Dean,” Castiel looked at Dean directly in his eyes, purposely keeping his voice steady and sure. “I'm in love with you. I have been, for a long time, although it was only a few months ago that I really recognized it for what it was. I wanted to tell you, but I was worried about whether or not you felt the same,” Castiel gave Cole a sidelong glare. “ In a catastrophic error of trying to befriend Cole, I asked his advice on the matter. I figured with him being your oldest friend, he might have some insight on how to go about broaching the subject. ”
A look in the mirror above the bathroom sink showed that Emmanuel wasn’t fairing much better. The glass beheld a tired face sporting salt and pepper stubble and dark crescents under his normally bright eyes. As invigorated as he had felt the week before, his body was still playing catch up with what the past week’s writing marathon had put him through. He’d also been plagued by dreams throughout the week.  It had been a while since they’d hit so hard.
“Tell you what, Cas,” Dean said, ignoring Castiel's remark and glancing at the clock. “ You run home and grab a sweatshirt or something because it gets really windy up there, and meet me back here at one o'clock. Jo should be here to take over for me by then, and we can go get a look at that view you want to snap so bad.” Jo Harvelle was a family friend and the assistant manager of Winchester Lanes.
Castiel leaned against the wall, arms folded, fighting back his fear so he could listen, as Jody answered the phone, putting it on speaker.
“Yeah, Cas. I’d love to celebrate with you.”
Castiel decided to pay Dean back by racing him to the top of the lighthouse, laughing when they got to the door of the observation balcony, and Dean had to bend over to catch his breath.
“I honestly have no idea. She wasn’t really herself towards the end and a lot of what she said didn't make a lot of sense,” Emmanuel said, sadly.  Anna Milton had been a complicated woman. He didn’t know if his mother had ever truly been happy. “She was just adamant that I needed to come here. We, um, we never really stayed in one place when I was a child. I was homeschooled, so I didn’t really have many friends,” Emmanuel said. “It wasn’t until I was eighteen that we finally settled down in one place for more than a year.”
“I got an e-mail from Marv and Frank,” Sam said excitedly. “They reviewed the evidence on the trap cam they set up back at the campground,” Sam handed his phone over to Dean so he could see whatever was in the message. Grumbling, Castiel pulled over into the breakdown lane so he could see too.
“Doesn't really matter, now, does it? Here we are. Where we were probably always gonna wind up.”
Cas wasn’t one to indulge in the activity of smoking but often partook in Saturday game night with friends, enjoying one of the many teas offered, Moroccan Mint a particular favorite. Dean always said he smelled of mint and citrus.
Dean cleared his throat as he turned to focus on Eileen who was watching them with an amused expression on her face.
“No worries, man, I got this. You want a drink? I got beer, wine, milk. Some healthy kale smoothie shit Sam makes me keep in the refrigerator,” Dean offered with a grimace.
"I came in here and realized I was starving," Castiel laughed and sank onto the bench seat, shivering. "Cold. No nap?"
Castiel dragged his eyes away from the wall to the simple black desk with a Grumpy Cat plushie guarding a picture frame and a closed laptop. Castiel could see post-it notes littering one side of the desk with his messy scrawl all over them. A flintstones jelly jar sat on top of a spiral-bound notebook holding a sundry of pens, pencils, and highlighters.
“Morning, Sheriff,” Castiel said. “Here,” Castiel pulled the small pastry box he had under his arm. “I doubt there is any left out there,” he said, handing it to the Sheriff. “One jelly-filled, one powdered,” Castiel revealed, knowing that Sheriff Mills had a weakness and that she would share her spoils with her wife, Deputy Donna Hascum.
“Sometimes you just gotta take a leap of faith, Sammy,” Dean said, feeling himself smile dopily as Castiel stopped his packing to stride up to Dean, and draw him in for a deep, drawn-out kiss.
“I don’t know, man. You just look stressed today. You wanna talk about it after the set?” Dean was staring at him with concern in his eyes, and Castiel was reminded again how lucky he was to have such a caring friend.
“Looks good in here. Did you mean for the color scheme to rival a beehive?” Dean asked with a smirk.
believe I would have just celebrated ten years of marriage with you because I was settling?”
. Chief of Police. Dean had seen him on the local news before.
Dean was glad he had been right. He had been back for over a year now, and it wasn’t that he didn’t still have those butterflies, because that would be a lie. But they were secondary. The emotional satisfaction he achieved from his friendship with Castiel was worth the heartache of never having a romantic relationship with him. Dean could get sex anywhere, but profound bonds were rare, and that is what he and Castiel had. Dean was grateful that bond had made Castiel put him down as his emergency contact, especially after what happened to April. No one should have to go through that alone.
After some awkward finagling, Dean managed to release the cuff from his own wrist, then reluctantly attached it to the steering wheel. Dean was allowed one second to rub at the tender skin rubbed raw from the cuff, before Alistair demanded the keys to the car, pocketing them.
Dean cupped his face gently, and without thought, Castiel leaned into it.
tamed them.
“Our bedrooms faced each other, you know? We used to sneak in and out of each other's rooms at night. The first time it happened we got in trouble, but by the dozenth or so time, our families began leaving the outside lights on. Sometimes Becky would wake up to an extra body for breakfast, sometimes it was my mom’s turn.”
“Holy fuck,” he gritted out and Dean hummed around him. Castiel tipped his head back as Dean circled the base of his dick with his fingers as he began to bob his head, languidly. The silken hot heat of his mouth had Castiel groaning, a dark guttural sound and he could feel its effect on Dean in the way he shuddered around him. Castiel fisted his hand in Dean’s burnt honey hair and held him in place. Like a good boy, Dean’s mouth went slack, easily letting Castiel glide in and out of his mouth, gag reflex obviously not a problem for the man. “Perfect. Fuck, you’re perfect,” Castiel muttered as he rocked his hips, fucking Dean’s mouth with his cock and committing the sight of Dean’s pink lips wrapped around him to his memory. Gorgeous.
“But they aren’t as pretty to look at,” Alistair said and Castiel started forward, incensed, but Dean yanked him back.
“We don’t use the offices here much, anymore,” he said as though Dean had asked. Dean shrugged.
“Jeez, he’s just brimming with personality,” she whispered, and Kaia snickered. Dean observed the man, watching as he reached up to pull a book off of the shelf; when he did, Dean had to hold back a gasp. When he felt Kaia’s fingers squeeze his arm, he could see that the girl noticed it too.
"They may be smalltown cops, but they still got brains. They're gonna call back and ask for terms. Let's go before they notice we're gone." The fact that his husband was a paranoid fucker —
of doing what everybody else wanted instead of what I wanted,” he said frankly. ”But not anymore.” Castiel reached out and took Dean’s hand. “ I don't need six months to be sure that I want this. But I understand if you do, and I want you to take this time so you can start to trust that I mean what I say.” Castiel said directly, laying it all out on the table.
Dean shrugged. “You married me.”
"Where were you?" He doesn't mean for the words to come out harsh or accusatory, but Cas doesn't seem to mind, as he looked at Dean fondly, a softness in his baby blue eyes.
“I’m not lying,” Dean protested gruffly. “I was hiding.”
“You wanna watch TV?”
“I’m not nervous,” Castiel assured Dean, and he honestly wasn’t. Someday, he would love to explore what it would be like to be inside of Dean, but right now he wanted
“No one should be as beautiful as you, yet here you are,” Dean praised and he looked at Castiel in awe as Dean’s words seemed to trigger Cas into orgasm; his breath catching on a high-pitched whine that Dean desperately wanted to hear again. The thick ropes of come that pumped out of Cas’ gorgeous cock made the slightly dry friction so much slicker as Dean stroked him through his release.
"Are you twelve?"
“Son of a bitch,” Dean hissed.
“No need to be sarcastic, Castiel,” she said, testily, and he searched his brain for what it was he could have done to set her off this time. “I hope you had fun while I cleaned out the linen closet,” April said in that passive-aggressive voice she’d used on him since their teenaged years and Castiel rolled his eyes.
"Don't let him fool you, Cas," came Charlie's voice from his left. Castiel hadn't even seen her and Meg arrive. "He may dress like a lumberjack now-" Dean let out a yelp of offense," but I was there through Dean's punk phase. I even have pictures."
his family.
Castiel could only stare as he realized what had happened.
Castiel closed his eyes as erotic, filthy images flashed through his mind, too detailed to be anything but memories, and he felt hot all over.
“I coulda lost you, Cas,” the words came out ragged and Castiel rested his hands on Dean’s chest.
"Cas… Cas, not here," Dean practically moaned the words.
“You didn’t say anything,” Castiel murmured and Dean shook his head.
It only took Dean a year to realize the fast-paced life of running a restaurant was no longer his dream. Watching Benny struggle to find time between work and family, the way that pull to babysit his baby—because that’s what his restaurant was to Benny—warred with a simple night off with his wife, Dean didn’t want that to be the road he was headed down. It was hard enough maintaining a relationship as a sous chef, and he was sure some people balanced it just fine. But Dean thrived around the people he loved, where he was needed. He missed LARP-ing with Charlie and going to the Farmer’s market with Cas. He missed cooking Thanksgiving dinner with Ellen and just hanging out with Sammy—even if he was busy at Stanford. He missed Hunter Springs.
Every thought of conversation went out the proverbial window when Dean turned and launched himself at the angel, wrapping him in Dean's arms, his face buried in Cas' neck as he sobbed silently. He smelled of ozone and stormy weather, and Dean breathed it in, allowing himself to revel in the contact.
Emmanuel and Dean left through the Bakery kitchen to the parking lot where Dean’s Baby was parked. Baby, Emmanuel had learned, was Dean’s pride and joy; formerly his father’s, a shiny black beast of a car, the 1967 Impala gleamed in the late afternoon sun. It was gifted to Dean when he turned sixteen. Dean had told Emmanuel that he thought his Dad had the idea that if he gave him the car, then maybe he’d branch out, maybe take some road trips.
“I wasn’t passed out. I don’t think I was anyway. It’s just when the memories come, it’s a lot to filter through.” Castiel kept his voice as soothing as he could, seeing Dean’s eyes widen at his words. “Besides, there is a storm. We’re not driving the Impala through a blizzard.” Castiel reasoned.
“What?” Castiel demanded, wondering what offense he had committed to warrant such an expression.
In the end, they never even stopped, as the KFC was under construction, and Dean had to make do with a double-double and a chocolate shake from In-N-Out burger because none of them would set foot inside a Chick-Fil-A.
“Anyway, Dad took off when he was eighteen, and joined the Marines. He met my mom, Mary, when he got out. Finally settled down in Lebanon, Kansas.”
“It’s true,” Sam admitted. “When I lost Jess, you were a good listener. You just gotta tune him out when he gets obnoxious, Cas. I’ll give you some tips.”
“Anything else?” Dean asked politely and Lisa tipped her head, expression aimed at seductive.
the words made Michael snarl.
“Why is it funny?” Castiel finally asked as Dean pulled out onto Cherry Street, taking a left towards the highway. They were meeting Cas’ brother Gabriel for brunch with Castiel’s parents, Chuck and Becky, and Dean was already daydreaming about waffles, though he knew he’d have to order the turkey bacon to appease his husband. Even though Dean’s cholesterol had decreased significantly since changing his diet to include more green stuff, Cas was still a worrier, and Dean did what he could to ease Castiel’s concern.
," the words were barely a whisper, a litany of teary relief falling from Cas' mouth and pressed into Dean's throat.  Dean realized his teeth were chattering, and everyone around him was talking, little bits of conversation filtering in. He wondered where Charlie and Kevin were.
"Nah, it's private property, the only day I open it to the public is on our town's Founder's Day. Jody usually sends a few soft-clothed officers over from nine to four, and people park at the beach down the street and walk from there. Sometimes I need to let photographers out here."
“Then take me dancing, Dean.”
“I’m serious. You have to get over this.”
“Demon,” Dean muttered under his breath. “Don’t tell her I said that,” he warned and Emmanuel chuckled.
“Practically,” he agreed, getting up from his seat. Dean stood and turned as well, arms open and ready to receive him. Castiel pressed his face into the crook of Dean’s neck and murmured a quiet thank you. For a moment he just held tight, breathing in Dean’s addicting leather and spice scent, before he angled his head up, mouth searching.
An unexpected laugh burst from him as Castiel realized that he was half hard in his pants just imagining it. He tugged his bottom lip with his teeth, understanding now why Dean had been reluctant to talk about it, especially when Castiel saw him not so subtly adjust himself in his pajama pants. Shaking it off, Castiel grabbed the rest of the DVD’s and shoved them back in the cabinet.
“Yeah, Jesse, he’s much better now. Thanks, buddy.”
“I was at one of Chuck’s book signings in town and saw the first in the series in the window. I don’t know, I guess I was just drawn in by the premise. A love so strong, it was worth giving up heaven? Sounded too good to be true. Honestly, I thought it was gonna be trash.” Dean laughed, not looking a bit sorry over his ribeye, and Emmanuel let out a mock squawk of indignation.
Castiel’s mind went blank as he tried to compute the words that just came out of Jody’s mouth.
Determined to enjoy his dinner, he looked over Castiel’s shoulders and bellowed to his brothers: “Hey! Stop trying to eat each other’s faces. Soup’s ready.”
“Don’t stop,” Dean whispered, still arching his hips, “don’t stop, please, Cas I love you, please-”
Dean opened the door to the circular balcony, and Castiel couldn't stop the audible gasp as he took in the view.
“Okay, let me ask you this. If your dad started dating someone who was a lot like your mom, like, she dug the same music and movies. Maybe they looked alike or had similar mannerisms. Would that bother you? No, no, don’t,” Dean held up a hand when Claire immediately opened her mouth. “Take a sec and really think about it.”
The floors were beautiful cherry hardwood. A long, rectangular, marble-topped, island bar with four stools, also in cherry, in front of it, separated the living room from the kitchen. Castiel noticed the large charcoal sectional sat on a sage-green floor rug, and the cherry-toned end tables with drawers on each side. The far left wall across from the sectional had what looked like a sixty-five-inch flatscreen and a built-in entertainment center with bookshelves, filled with DVDs and books.
Castiel clapped Gabriel on the shoulder. “It was Dean’s idea.”
"Yes, well," Castiel replied, "kind of hard to get married if the groom is…" Castiel trailed off, not wanting to think about it, and he closed his eyes when Dean pressed a kiss to his temple.
“I don’t like the idea of people looking at you like that,” Castiel said, surprised at the sharpness in his own voice.
If conversing was code for eye-fucking his husband.
Traffic slowed to a crawl as the vehicles moved into different toll lanes.
“You’re going make a mess and this soup is too good to waste, Dean,” Castiel said over a mouthful, feeling a surge of pride at Dean’s pleased blush. He found he really enjoyed Dean’s response to praise. It not only satisfied him emotionally but seemed to arouse Castiel physically as well, which was fascinating.
“Damn, Cas, something sure got your motor running this morning,” Dean whispered, the ghost of his breath whispering over the head of Castiel’s cock.
“No,” the man said flatly, as Castiel imagined he would.
Castiel didn’t ask him if he was sure, he only pulled his fingers out, muffling Dean’s mournful cry with his lips as he positioned the spongy head of his cock to Dean’s gaping pucker. Castiel was hard and leaking and the first squeeze of Dean’s hot channel around him nearly did Castiel in, both of them letting out harsh grunts of pleasure as Dean sank down until he was fully seated.
Dean felt a shiver go through his body.
Calling on his professionalism, Castiel cleared his throat. “Excuse me, Miss…” He let the question hang.
The door to the bedroom was ajar. Castiel looked down and saw that he stood barefoot on the hardwood floors, yet he couldn't feel the wood beneath his feet. Swiveling around, he saw himself; him and Dean slouched together, Castiel's face snug in the crook of Dean's neck, while Dean's was buried in Castiel's wild hair. Their chests rose and fell as they slumbered.
When they passed into New York, Dean grudgingly used Castiel's phone to find them a hotel.
He didn’t look back as he nodded goodbye to Charlie, and slipped into the driver’s seat of the Impala. As he headed to the police station, Dean cursed at the fact that the one time he could have actually used his brother’s legal expertise, he was probably about as useful as Louis Tully. This was not how he had seen the evening going. Dean thought about the double sleeping bag and chilled wine and picnic waiting for him and Castiel on the observation balcony of the lighthouse and sighed.  It looked like their late-night slumber party would have to wait.
“Meanwhile I’m hoping I get to close the bakery for the day,” Gabriel said with a laugh, ”so Sammy and I are enemies today.”
It was Charlie, shooting her hand out for Dean to shake, that finally put their epic staring contest to a halt. Dean's expression was suddenly masked, as though their intense moment never happened. Eyes really were the window to the soul, and Dean's were boarded up shut.
“What’s going on, Sheriff? What aren’t you telling me?” Castiel asked through gritted teeth.
“Yeah, thanks, Sammy. And you’re gonna pop in here and check on Garth and Pam during the week?” Sam was an intern for a law firm in town, and Castiel knew Dean appreciated that his brother would take the time to make sure things at Huckleberry Hookah Lounge were running smoothly in his absence.
“There’s no pill for my situation, sweetie pop,” came a gruff voice from behind him and Castiel nearly jumped, wondering where the fuck he had come from. Frank snickered at Castiel’s startled face as he got behind the register to ring up their purchases.
He was aware that he’d been hiding since the funeral. He knew people were worried. Castiel imagined his friends picturing him weeping over photographs, or perhaps down on his knees, face buried in a bath towel containing the lingering scent of April’s vanilla body wash. A hysterical laugh burst from his lips at the image.
"I'm not gonna steal it, you are. You're gonna hotwire the engine."
“No, Cas. I’m not gonna date Max,”
Dean loved baking and how it involved the senses.  He loved turning simple, boring ingredients into something beautiful; the way the taste, the burst of flavor on your tongue could make a memory come alive, or the smell of baking cookies could transport you to someplace innocent. For Dean, his baking memories were filled with Cas. Making mini pies for Becky Rosen-Novak’s church bake sales. Dean’s grandfather Henry teaching them how to make fudgy grasshopper squares to sell so they could earn enough money for that Butterfly Farm, since his mom Mary and Becky both gave a resounding NO when it came to keeping bees.
“I know. Your patience and support… it helps more than you know.”
“Are you drunk?” April asked, and Castiel raised his brow at her tone. “Did you drive here?”
And a year later when he came home from work early and found his fiance being fucked by his older brother, it was Dean he ran to. Cas hadn’t even said a word to the shocked gasps and twin pleas for forgiveness. He grabbed his old
Castiel hurried across the crosswalk to Main Street, the lounge only two blocks over, mind still on Dean. They’d been best friends forever, but he knew it was more than that. They had a profound bond. Dean didn’t treat any of his friends the way he did Castiel and vice versa. It was something he and Daphne used to argue about when they were dating. She would say they were codependent and it was embarrassing. But Castiel didn’t know how not to be in Dean’s personal space. The few significant blow-ups they’d ever had growing up had always ended with one of them crawling through the other’s bedroom window and curling around the other in the middle of the night with whispered I’m sorrys.
” he chuckled again, harsh, “ You never hid it when you thought someone was attractive. You’ve always been a go after what you want kind of guy, and I thought,
Cas felt his phone go off again.
“He doesn’t live anywhere near your neighborhood,” Sam was apparently unimpressed with Dean’s death glare and continued.  “Dean, if he’s following you again-”
Castiel didn’t even look up when Dean barrelled into his office and barked for Gabriel to make himself scarce. To his credit, the officer merely clapped Castiel on the shoulder on the way out the door, closing it behind him.
“Been-
Castiel held Dean tightly, hand drifting up and down his strong back in comforting strokes. He did not let himself drift off to sleep until he felt Dean’s breath even out against him, falling into a heavy slumber.
“No one who used to be part of the Vince Vincente fanclub gets to have an opinion on what’s good music.”
When Dean went to start the shower, Castiel called down to order them each a burger and fries, and a couple of bottles of water. Then he contacted the airport and was lucky enough to swap out their Monday morning seats for an afternoon flight on Tuesday with only a small convenience fee. Castiel had just hung up with the resort in Bali, having explained the unique situation they had found themselves in when Dean turned off the shower. He padded out of the bathroom in a complimentary bathrobe that Cas knew would be coming home with them, steam billowing out behind him.
“Please,” Cas said pointedly and Dean rolled his eyes.
There was a moment of silence on the other side, while Dean internally freaked out on whether or not to demand answers or to hang up the phone and turn off his wi-fi.
“If all my shit is here, why’d you give me your clothes?”
“If the sounds didn’t match a Sasquatch, why would you then think there were two?” Sam asked curiously.
Dean took the envelope from Cas’ hand, pulling out the invitation he had already looked at.
"You're so gorgeous, Dean," Castiel panted as his hips rolled, each slap of skin louder than the next. "So perfect," Cas tipped his head back, lips parted on a ragged sigh as Dean squeezed around Castiel's cock. Dean wanted to disagree, because what could be more perfect, more beautiful than Castiel, himself, surging into Dean with lust blown eyes and fucked-out sex hair?
“Tell me I’m wrong.”
The sun was warm on Dean’s face as he listened to the waves crash on the sand. He found it hypnotic, watching the swell of the water, the way it sparkled, seemingly endless. Dean matched his breath in time with the movement. In. Hold. Out.
“Meg is going to be so mad she missed this,” Charlie said out of the corner of her mouth as she saddled up to the other side of Dean. He rolled his eyes and elbowed her to be quiet. The other patrons of the bar who had come to see what was going on quietly moved off, seeing that the fight they were hoping to bet on wasn’t going to happen. Dean had to hold back a laugh, as even Chuck looked disappointed.
The bar was pretty steady, people stopping in for a quick drink after work, college kids gathering around tables. Most were staring at their phones more than each other, nursing five-dollar drafts and cocktails. Castiel was surprised when Dean entered the bar area and realized he must have come from the kitchen. Castiel frowned when a tall, burly man in a newsboy cap followed him out and rested his hand on Dean’s shoulders. Castiel felt a rumble grow in his throat at the sight.
“Hey there, Donna,” Dean said as they approached a cheery-faced blonde filling out paperwork at a desk. “We have an appointment with Jody. Is she ready to see us?”
Castiel's hips pistoned hard and Dean sank back for every push, and the tight, wet heat was too much as he locked up, coming inside of Dean with a gravel-laced roar of satisfaction. Castiel hooked his chin over Dean's shoulders, body shaking like a leaf against the hot line of his back. He saw Dean orgasm before he heard him, thick white release spurting from the head of his gorgeous cock followed by a thready, drawn-out groan.
Now cleaned, Castiel sighed as Dean sealed their mouths together again. Dean was in love with how responsive Cas was, hands clutching Dean's shoulders as he devoured the taste of him, desperately. Soft little noises escaped Cas’ throat, pushing past the pressure of their clinging lips, and Dean was absolutely
“Actually, Balthazar, it is my kitchen, that I pay you to cook in. And this is Dean. My boyfriend,” Castiel’s tone had a warning to it, as if daring to say something about it. “He lives here now, and you will show him respect.”
“So, you excited for your vacation?” Charlie asked as she boxed up a sugar-glazed cranberry and ginger muffin before moving on to the cappuccino machine. Head Librarian, Garth Fitzgerald, had a sweet tooth that rivaled Castiel’s partner Gabriel’s and Dean’s teeth winced in sympathy.
“Well considering you once so eloquently told me that you need dick in your diet-”
“Did I suddenly grow a vagina? I don’t know!”
“Fuck off,” Castiel snarled, not even opening his eyes, just burying his head under the pillows.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. “Of course it’s about you! This didn’t just happen to me, Dean, it happened to all of us. My parents, your parents, Gabriel. My heart breaks for them as well as myself.” Castiel leaned against the table, hands sliding up from Dean’s face and into his hair to comb through the strands. Dean found himself closing his eyes at the gesture, enjoying the feeling as long fingers tenderly massaged his scalp. “But it
"Smart, " Castiel eyed his beer bottle. "This is entirely too empty. Where the hell is Charlie? Growing the hops?"
wrist and squeezed at the pulse point.  “Baby, listen, I know you’re in there. You have to tell him to leave. Kick him out, Dean.”
“Well, that’s a relief,” Castiel murmured, breathing in Dean’s beachy scent.
Castiel could tell the moment she saw it. Her shining eyes widened, and a gasp escaped her ghostly lips.
“Can’t we just digest for a second?” Chuck asked with a laugh, hand on his stomach. Chuck Novak, Dean could tell you, liked double chocolate banana cake almost as much as Cas.
Dean merely grumbled, turning in Castiel’s arms and pushing him back a step.
“Hey!”
“Yeah, we went this morning after breakfast. We didn’t need much, anyway. Why, when’s it supposed to start?”
To say that Sam was surprised to find out that Dean had a new boyfriend would be an understatement.
The boy wearing his face.
. Being with Daphne was easy. She was very amiable, we liked the same things, and could talk about theology for hours. It was… comfortable. I was, for lack of a better word, content. It wasn’t until she pointed out how I always checked to see if I had plans with you before I committed to doing anything with her, that I started getting a clue. I remember, she said:
Castiel didn’t like feeling baby-sat, and Dean’s overprotectiveness over the last two years had earned him a night on the couch more than once. Although Castiel always wound up dragging Dean back to bed in the early hours of the morning, finding it hard to sleep without his fiance by his side. After living together for more than a year and a half now, even their arguments had a routine.
“I’m sorry for your loss.”
Dean was still snickering when Cas came out, dodging out of the way when his fiance went to pinch him.
Dean batted away the paper chain hearts that hung from the ceiling and kept grazing his shoulder.
Dean’s fingers began to trail lazily up and down Cas’ back, and his breath shuddered against the skin of Castiel’s neck as he patiently waited. Castiel’s cock throbbed between them, trapped between the sweat-dampened skin of their bellies.
“That little dark-haired chick. Every time Dean moves, her eyes follow.”
Dean’s knee bounced impatiently as they rejoined the flow of traffic. Castiel, driving one-handed, reached and stilled it with his hand until Dean turned his over, palm up, so they could lace their fingers together. The effect was immediate as Dean seemed to sag back into the seat with a ragged sigh.
“That’s kind of the point of witness protection, Mr. Novak,” Jody retorted.
“Yeah, dude. I mean, I’m not as bendy as you,” Dean said pointedly as he recalled the time when sixteen-year-old Cas drunkenly confessed he could fellate himself but was warned by his doctor’s not to on account of how dangerous it was,  “But I can downward dog with the best of 'em. You were getting all worried about my health and shit, so Sam recommended this beginner’s class he took last year. I’ve kinda been wondering why you haven’t said anything about it, actually. Thought you were just being nice and not embarrassing me,” Dean laughed again and watched as Castiel seemed to process this information, a myriad of emotions flashing in his azure eyes, and for a second, Dean could have sworn he saw relief shining in their depths.
Faint fireworks boomed from far off. It was never too late in the season for a fireworks display in Salt Meadow Harbor.  They were guaranteed to last well into the end of August in a seaside town like this and Dean loved it.
"I don't pity you, Dean, but my heart still hurts for you. That's an awful experience to have gone through."
Castiel dropped the attitude and settled his eyes on his brother, expression now serious. "This is different. I'm going to marry him, Gabriel."
A feeling of dread curled in Castiel’s stomach as he neared the pair.
“Of course I do,” the dopey-eyed man said, sincerely. “You know what one beer does to me.”
Castiel let his eyes roam over his husband, looking casually elegant, as though he just walked off of a runway at fashion week. He wore a moss green button-down open a the collar that highlighted his expressive eyes, with a linen suit jacket paired with tapered slacks that showed off his bowed-legs deliciously.
“My drinking didn’t start after Mary died, it started beforehand, and she had laid down the law. One more time and she was taking the boys and leaving. I knew she was serious because some hospital in Lebanon called to reschedule an over-the-phone interview for an RN position.”
Dean pulled into the driveway in front of his house. Sometimes he still couldn’t believe it was his. Back when he still lived at home with John and Sam, Dean had worked damn hard, saving everything he could spare from his job that didn’t go towards his tuition. Hunter Springs University wasn’t nearly as expensive as his little brother’s top pick, but Sammy getting a full ride to Stanford had certainly helped. The money Dean had earmarked for Sam got to stay in Dean’s nest egg, which he only added to while he was in New York. When he had come home and seen the cozy house for the first time, Dean had fallen in love with the little fixer-upper with its grey chipped paint and broken-down porch. Now that porch was sturdy and tiled and housed an inviting outdoor loveseat in the corner. The house itself was painted a deep grey-blue with white trim and a rich red door that played off nicely with the brick front steps.
Dean graced him with a heart-stopping smile and resounding, “Absolutely!“
“What?” Dean asked defensively. “You can’t take a leak if you don’t buy anything.”
to him, saying that he had asked Dean about them when he first came to town.  Whether or not Cas and Dean were a thing. Castiel had held his breath in anticipation only to have Cole say Dean had told him, in no uncertain terms, that Castiel was only looked at as a brother.
It was surreal, listening to Sam talk about how he’d finally done it—gotten his apple pie life. Eileen had shown up in a hospital near Sioux Falls. They retired as much as they could from life and bought a house near Jody and the girls. Dean didn’t tear up when he heard about his nephew, but he did mock Sam when he mentioned what Eileen called the
“Dude. That’s the kind of place you rent by the hour,” Dean said and Emmanuel knew he wasn’t wrong. From what he had seen in the few days he’d been here, Salt Meadow Harbor was a quaint little town with a gorgeous baker and ice cream shops, manicured lawns and playgrounds and fireworks on the boardwalk. But, at night, it was a little like spring break. Further up the strip were the more risque bars and sex shops. Castiel’s motel sat next to a gas station with a 7/11 on one side and a pizza shop on the other.  It was directly facing a strip club called
, Dean had said,
"Is this what you do on every day off? Sit at home and jerk-off?"
“Did you carry me? You shoulda woke me up, I’da walked,” he didn’t mean to sound defensive. It’s not like he wanted to start a fight with Cas. Now that he’d just gotten him back, he didn’t want to piss him off. Only, Dean observed, Cas didn’t seem pissed off. If anything, he only looked more patient.
,” Castiel cursed, and Dean caressed his thick, silky cock with his tongue with every up and down drag of his mouth. Castiel’s fingers dug into Dean’s scalp, twisting painfully, and Dean moaned along Cas’ hot length.  Dean couldn’t quite deep throat, but that didn’t seem to matter as Castiel nearly vibrated against him, grunting unabashedly.
gleaming in his hand.   It was silent, quieter than a tennis match, not a sniff, cough, or sneeze could be heard. Just the hum of the pinsetters and the rumble of the ball as Garth released a perfect straight-shot entering at the three-pin, exploding in a cacophony of sound.
Jody excused herself to get the fingerprint scanner.
Again, Castiel pressed for April to go to counseling. Not just to talk about the baby, but to talk about them. About how she ignored him for a week when she found out he had been watching gay porn. Not just porn, but the fact that it was gay porn specifically, seemed to really set her off. Castiel had been confused as to why it mattered. They had only gotten more distant, and then when Dean moved back that summer, it had only gotten worse. April seemed to have it out for his old friend, getting annoyed every time Castiel would go to the Roadhouse and listen to Dean and the band play, despite herself always being invited. Whenever he went to Bobby’s to play poker or had lunch with Sam, or anything really involving anyone who was connected to Dean. Castiel couldn’t imagine that after two years, April was still holding Castiel’s old feelings against him.
Castiel huffed out a laugh. "If you ever want to do this again," he teased, before sobering up a little bit. "It was okay for you, wasn't it?" Cas asked nervously, and Dean gaped at him.
“Boyfriend,” Castiel offered, and Dean’s suddenly panicked expression was both comical and endearing. “I’m Dean’s boyfriend.”
“Dumbass,” he said under his breath, as he got dressed and padded barefoot out into the bathroom.
"Need you inside me," Dean whispered in his ear, hot breath sending little sparks of pleasure through Castiel's body.
Castiel chuckled, and Dean ignored the shiver his whiskey-soaked voice always evoked. “Rude. I have an appointment with the realtor to sign papers on the condo, so I am just going to take the bus and wait for you back home.”
had been Castiel’s response to that information.
Twin groans of bliss erupted as Castiel bottomed out, panting against Dean's nape as his tight channel clenched Cas' cock deliciously. Castiel wanted to go slow, but weeks of being without this? The heat of his husband's body, the connection they felt when they were together like this; how had he lived without it?
They watched another movie, something called
"No. In me. Come in me, please," Dean begged, not caring about how sensitive he would be soon, and Castiel groaned, burying his face against Dean's shoulder as he pistoned with a growl to his own finish, giving a full-body shudder when he came, hot and powerful into Dean's welcoming body.
“Here, socks too,” Dean handed over a pair, waiting until Emmanuel had slipped his on before taking his hand.
“I expect dessert,” Dean added, feeling warm when Cas laughed again.
"That's what I am afraid of," Cas said, and Dean watched as he turned, jerkily, and gestured for Dean to unlock the car. Castiel slid into the passenger seat, and by the time Dean made his way to the driver's side, Castiel had fished his weed out of the glove compartment and was packing a small bowl in record time. When Cas went to open the door, Dean grabbed his knee.
Dean kissed at Cas’ shoulder, languidly, as they came down, harsh breaths settling down into shuddering sighs. Castiel felt loose and pliant, but eventually, they had to move.  Castiel untangled himself from their pretzel-like position. He laughed fondly, when Dean groaned, stretching his legs.
,  with a microwaved burrito in his lap. “Everyone here looks at me like I’m a pariah and those who don’t keep trying to set me up with the token gays in their family.”
“You really do, don’t you?” Castiel broke out into a wide smile. “Okay then, will you get naked, please, because right now I am the only one giving the seagulls a show.”
Castiel was a bit of a wreck. He'd gone through his closet, trying to find anything that resembled dance clubwear, before he gave up, settling on his usual style: He laid out an outfit-a white collared short-sleeved henley with a navy patterned vest. Cas paired it with dark-wash jeans and a pair of chocolate oxfords.
