“Honestly?” Clint just laughed awkwardly, scratching the back of his head.
“That would be great, are you sure?” Steve hadn’t really thought about where to hang it, but he was pleased that Tony wanted to showcase it in such a good spot.
“Bucky’s never made dinner. And what if we can’t tell?” Steve asked with a little smile, running his finger over the back of Tony’s hand. “You’re just going to help me make it anyway, aren’t you?”
“I couldn’t tell Pepper to tell you to watch for him because she’s kind of helping him,” Tony explained, not sounding any less insane to Rhodey. “They’re driving me insane, I can’t avoid them, it’s like they’re tracking me.”
“Tony what the hell is going on?” Steve asked as they peeled out of the driveway and onto the street, holding onto Bucky who looked too scared to appreciate his first ride in a car since the accident that killed his family. “Tony, this is not a good time…”
Walking into the courtyard, he was surprised to see Tony outside, even if the man had sent word to meet him there. He was used to seeing Tony in his workshop at this time of the day, or maybe in the throne room if he was being forced to be more hands on.  He wasn’t going to complain, though the lack of a table likely meant they wouldn’t be sharing a drink together. Pity, he already knew he was going to need one.
“Okay…” Bucky said softly, putting his dark blue hoodie back on, lying back on his bed. “See you later…”
“So what do you think about stew for dinner?”
“I don’t want to sleep…” Bucky whimpered, holding Tony’s hand tightly as Steve stroked his hair back from his forehead. “I don’t want to dream, I keep seeing him…”
“That’s why it’s not for me,” Natasha held up the ticket so Bucky could read it in the low light, the name ‘Barnes’ scrawled next to the number one hundred and thirty.
“I suppose that’s true for all of us,” Sarah came over to the fire again, sitting in her chair for now. “But he’s promising marriage, not just a meeting.”
“Leave it to me,” Strange said, the corner of his mouth tugging up a little at the thought of having someone to organize and clean up everything after him. He’d never trained someone before, but he was pretty sure he could handle it.
“If you don’t mind…” Bucky said as Tony helped him to his feet, and then swept him off them. “I don’t ever want to say no to you when you want to spoil me.”
“The coffee seems to be popular with everyone,” she said as she watched Jarvis begin to get his tools out again. “This is Jarvis, he’s the King’s butler, he’ll be doing your hair today.”
“Tony, we have to talk…” Steve started, not knowing where they were heading, but knowing they were going to need a doctor nearby.
“That and you don’t want to go back out into the cold rain,” Sarah shook her head, going to make her son a cup of tea while the stew finished. “I still think about you getting sick every time it’s like this out. If it wasn’t for that wizard Erskine, I don’t think you’d still be here.”
“That, if you’re wondering, is my private whiskey,” Tony grinned, handing his glass back to the servant, who took Steve and Bucky’s as well before disappearing over to the side again. “It was aged much longer than the stuff you may have tried.”
“That’s why we’re taking a private charter. I did think this plan through, Steve,” Tony said, though he had to admit he didn’t think about what a frantic car ride was going to be like for him. “I went over it again and again in my head, I thought of everything. We even have a bag of clothes in the back and some coats. Don’t worry about anything.”
Tony, Steve, and Bucky find comfort in each other's company.
“Car accident, unfortunately,” Ms. Carr said casually, not mentioning that he was already dead when his car went into the river. “Mr. Rogers, this may seem forward and inappropriate, but I’m still going to ask you for a list of your sexual partners.”
“What’s funny business?” Bucky asked once Fury was gone and up the stairs, turning to look at Steve with a shrug. “You don’t think he means f-mmph!”
“Mr. Rogers, we are definitely sure it’s you we want. You’re a good employee, you fit the job, you’ve got a clean record,” Ms. Carr said with a stiff smile, not taking her eyes off him. She wasn’t going to mention that it was also him being married that helped seal the deal. “If you choose not to sign the contract, you can leave now and the matter will be dropped, you can return to your old job. You don’t have to take this new job, but you must sign before I can tell you about it.”
“He’s right. Thank you,” Steve leaned over, pressing his own kiss against Bucky’s scar, and then one against the man’s lips for a brief moment. “Thank you so much, Bucky, you saved my life. I owe you everything, I wouldn’t be here if you didn’t do this for me. I can’t say it enough…”
“Pepper told me you wanted it to be like a wedding still,” Stane remarked, tracing his finger over the rim of his glass, scratching at a tiny chip.
“You do, Pops,” Steve grinned widely, reaching to touch Bucky’s cheek, then his daughter’s. “We think she looks like a blonde you, but we’ll see what happens when she grows a bit.”
“Tell you what, wait until I know what I’m doing so I don’t waste your time,” Steve’s cheeks flushed, realizing what a chance he had for some private alone time with Tony. “I’m going to work on it so hopefully that won’t be too far away.”
Tony never thought something so small could be so noticeable.
“Holy shit that was hot,” Steve panted as his hands dug into Bucky’s hips, pulling him into his thrusts so he could feel him just the little bit deeper. It didn’t take long until he found himself at the edge too, speeding up his pace before he came as well, seeing stars dancing in front of his vision for a few blissful seconds. When it faded, he regrettably pulled his cock out of Bucky and fell onto the bed beside him, trying to catch his breath as he stared up at the ceiling.
“Come here…” Tony led Bucky over to the couch, sitting down with him before he carefully took the younger man’s shirt off, holding it against the wound. “Bucky, you have to take it easy, this is a serious wound, you could have really hurt yourself. Not again, okay? Promise me.”
“Yes, I do,” Strange nodded, still unclear. “Is this about the assistant?”
“W-wh-what…?” Stane got to his feet as instructed, though he didn’t bow to the crowd, he only stared at Steve and Bucky, then back at Tony. “Nephew, this isn’t what it looks like…”
“I can’t imagine…” Steve shook his head, the guilt rising in his stomach again. “I remember waking up next to you and being like this and…you just looked so small and pale. I was so scared you were going to die.”
“No, not yet, in due time,” Tony said, pursing his lips as he exhaled sharply through his nose. He’d never been so furious in all his life, he’d never felt so hurt either. This was worse than losing his father, his father had died of natural causes through no fault of either of them. But this, the man he’d loved all his life, the man who had raised him, the man he thought wanted nothing but the best for him…
“It means…” Okay, Tony, they didn’t run out of the room, and they didn’t tell you to fuck off, you can do this. “It means I want to marry you both. I want us all to be married. But you and Bucky don’t get along, you-“
“I’m almost done here. My name is Christine, I do James’s medical exams twice a day,” she said, sounding pleasant as she took the blood pressure cuff off Bucky, taking out a thermometer to check for fever. “I usually come at nine and nine, so you know when to expect me.”
“Stop it, I’m not here to listen to that,” Fury waved at them to stop, wincing a bit as his single brown eye stared them down. “You two are going to stay right here, the door to the chapel is guarded by my men, they won’t let anyone down here. You don’t have to whisper, but don’t be shouting or anything just in case. And no funny business.”
“Holy shit, I’ll never cut my hair...” Bucky gasped between kisses, gripping onto Tony’s back with one hand and pushing away the coffee cup with the other as he was pressed into the work bench. He loved the feeling of Tony’s mouth on his, kissing him so much more urgently than the sweet kiss that Steve had given him last night, though he wasn’t going to complain about that one either. He was a novice at this, so he happily let Tony take the lead as he tried to mimic him, hoping that he wasn’t horrible at this.
“Are you kidding? Watching you now is one of the greatest gifts I could be given,” Steve walked over, touching Bucky’s wood hand, taking it in his own. “Seeing my Bucky happy is better than anything Tony could have built me.”
“Plans have changed a little, my son will be returning home from a project he was working on in Taiwan tomorrow, and I want to have Bucky there to meet him. I think we’ve waited long enough for this,” Howard said with a pleasant smile, acting like this had all been an innocent misunderstanding, not that they were trying to whisk away Bucky from under Steve’s nose. “You’re welcome to continue your position at our mansion, of course, you’ll be given a room near Bucky’s like you have now, and the same rules will apply for him.”
“Here…” Steve got the chair from the corner, setting it down across from Bucky, though he didn’t put it backwards this time. Taking a seat, he offered both of his hands out to Bucky. “I get that something is bothering you, and I want to help you feel better. You don’t want to talk, but if you want to hold my hands, you can.”
“Hi,” Clint waved cheerfully.
“Question, you wanted us to call you…is it okay to call you by your name here?” Steve asked, not wanting to make a wrong step here and come off as completely ignorant.
“How about your workshop?” Bucky blurted, mentally congratulating himself on coming up with a good idea that centered around Tony’s interests. “You can tell me all about what you make, how you make it, that kind of thing.”
“I don’t have the supplies or a nurse, so no, there’s not much else I can do. The most I can do for you is check on the twins to make sure they’re alive,” the doctor offered, reaching for the ultrasound machine when Tony pushed him aside again.
“What do you think you’re going to paint?” Tony walked over to Steve as the man began to explore his new studio space.
“There aren’t actual words for what I did, I’m sorry, that’s as good as I can come up with,” Steve frowned, his shoulders sagging. “I had you, we had each other, it was fucking perfect and I destroyed everything. You lost your arm because of me.”
“Actually they are, and they’re not a bad idea if you’ve watched toddlers at all,” Steve said, taking out his phone to look up a picture of one to show it to Bucky. “They’re small and determined, so this is a good way to keep them out of traffic or off the rails in the subway.”
“I’ll be nice and gentle,” Tony grinned as he moved behind Steve, reaching for the glass jar he’d left on the bed, picking it up, and removing the lid. “I guess I should ask if you’re okay with this before I do anything, Steve.”
“How about this…” Steve said, looking up from the cards into Bucky’s eyes. “You know my name and that I sometimes play baseball, and that’s not much for someone you’re supposed to trust. So you’re going to pick a card, and I’m going to tell you that many things about myself.” Fanning out the cards, he held them towards Bucky, giving him a warm smile.
“Different isn’t always good, Tony,” Stane sighed, having vented some of his anger so he was feeling a mix of disappointment and frustration instead. “And those things are important to a King.”
“…I’m sorry….” Bucky said, his voice low and soft, trembling a little as he looked out the window. “I’m sorry for all of this.”
“It’s not too far, and no, I paid the real estate agent to stock it up, and it was coming fully furnished and everything,” Tony said, looking in the back seat at Bucky, who had his head against the window, staring out quietly. “You okay, Bucky? Do you want me to sit with you?”
“…okay,” Bucky said, letting go of himself, reaching out with his left arm to carefully select a card from the deck, holding it up. “Eight.”
“S-sure…” Bucky blushed, lacing his arm through Tony’s, his cheeks burning brightly as he leaned against him a little. He couldn’t believe he was here, on the King’s arm, about to spend the evening with him.
“Tony, I don’t think it’s a good time for that…” Pepper’s brow knit as her mind was filled with the more common named for Tony that she’d head.
“Sorry, I’m here,” Tony said as he came hurrying down the stairs, his own hair damp as well. Going straight to the couch, he took a seat next to Bucky, waiting for Steve to sit down as well before turned up the volume on the laptop. “So who’s operating the ultrasound for the doctor?”
“And on top of it, I lost you,” Bucky laughed weakly, leaning forward, letting his head hang down. “I thought you couldn’t stand to look at me because I was so ugly, and you were so strong and tall all of a sudden. I thought you’d be getting attention from all the beautiful men and women and you wouldn’t want my gross, armless ass around.”
“Fuck, baby,” Steve groaned as he began to slowly pull himself back, pushing forward with a little force to begin, but the urge to go harder was too great. He sped up quickly, both hands gripping Bucky’s hips to bring him hard into each thrust, the sound of skin smacking together only covered by the desperate sounds Bucky was making.
“Eighth lower level,” Steve said clearly, putting his badge around his neck, not sure if he’d need it again. This was definitely much tighter security than the metal detector at the front door.
“We have to hire someone then,” Stane stated, a few names coming to mind, but he didn’t know who of them they could reach in time to finish this job. They really had left things to the last moment, but then again, so had Tony.
“Just admit I was right, Tony,” Howard shook his head, leaning back so he could watch the doctor ready the needle for Bucky’s stomach. “This could have gone so much easier if you’d kept Steve out of this. In fact, let’s take care of that…”
“…that’s the thing…I do…” Bucky laughed weakly, sniffing as he looked over at the picture of Tony Stark on his wall. “I think he’s handsome…and I don’t know if it’s because I actually feel that way or if they did something else to me. What if they brainwashed me? Or just put thoughts in my head somehow? I don’t…” Bucky looked away from Tony’s picture and back to Steve, shaking his head, his blue eyes brighter than ever through the tears. “I don’t know what is me and what is them.”
“Yes,” Bucky said, going in their shared room to wait for one of the others to help him get out of his clothes. He preferred to have Steve or Tony do it rather than Jarvis, it just made more sense to him to let his husbands help.
“No, I’m not okay. My father’s a monster, and now I have an entire company to run while I try to find more information to incarcerate him. On top of that I have two innocent men in my house, one that’s been dragged through hell, and all I can think every time I see them is that I fucking should have seen this coming,” Tony took a shaky breath as he reached up to wipe the first of his tears away, though there were many more where those came from. “You were right, I should have fucking known, I should have known he would do something this fucking insane. I should have known he was willing to ruin lives just for grandchildren, and I’m sorry. I’m so, so fucking sorry….”
“Okay, that I can organize today at least,” Pepper sighed, adding it to the list. “You do know if this works, it’s going to be an absolute fluke.”
“I’m sorry I’ve got scars, they tried to minimize them but-“ Bucky began, though he was quickly quieted by Tony’s lips pressing against his own. Moaning into the kiss, his own hands moved down to search for the bottom to Tony’s shirt, feeling Tony’s hand moving down to the band of his track pants to move them down his hips.
“Oh probably,” Tony walked over to the door, opening it, and gesturing for Pepper to come closer.
“Come with me.” He said before turning and floating down the street. Tony and Jan quickly followed, throwing the other a look of amusement and suspicion.
“Please, Natasha. I can’t lose him, I
Also I do have a tumblr if you want to say hi sometime :)
“Thank you!” Tony chippered out, trying to sooth his omega brain who was running wild with the idea of Stephen acting as his alpha. The alpha himself hadn’t made it easy to keep things strictly professional. Stephen was constantly hanging around Tony. Making him snacks and teas without a single word from Tony or anyone asking the alpha to.
“Because it’s gorgeous, sweetheart.” Steve said, giving it a slap. Tony moaned, pushing his hips out shamelessly. Asking for more. Steve slapped Tony’s ass again before spreading his cheeks once more. “And if you can still talk, I’m not doing my job well enough.” Steve growled, letting his hand rest on Tony’s bum as his thumb played with Tony’s hole. Steve gently prodded it with his thumb pad, rubbing it and pulling it. Tony shivered, closing his eyes, basking in this pleasure. Tony’s throat let out a moan as Steve’s tongue licked down. Slowly swirling around the rim of Tony’s puckered skin.
Jan started her cutting with a single tomato, carefully cutting it into small cubes. “And Stephen is quite the natural leader.”
Normally, this would be pack responsibility. To take the pack omega into their nest and comfort them, they responded best with physical contact and familiar scents. Which seemed to work, while Tony was still emotional he wasn’t shaking, that was a positive sign.
“And how do we do that?” Tony asked quietly, not believing Stephen at all.
They walked a few blocks in silence before reaching an old looking building. They followed the wizard inside, looking around the brick stone building. It was old, ancient. It had the same energy they had all felt when the wizard had used the stone. It was in the wood, it was in the air how old the building was. The modern omegas felt so out of place, like they had walked back in time.  The alpha led them up the grand staircase, not really giving them time to look at the halls and artifacts trapped in glass boxes.
Rhodey punched in a key code by the front door of the house and the door opened. It was dusk and the house was mostly empty, just orange sunlight coming through the thin white curtains. Rhodey and Pepper lead Tony upstairs, which were barely furnished, all of them had beds as well as random furniture and decorations. The trio settled in the master bedroom, it being the least cluttered with furniture and had a bathroom attached.
“Fuck!” Carol yelled as she kept giving her all to keep the ships back, trying to find where Tony was located in the cluster of ships that just kept coming, keeping her busy and hiding the omega.
“It’s not-Tony,
Tony’s hand wandered down to his stomach, not even a week of knowing and he was already more attached he ought to be. It had been one week since coming to California. Some days were good, some days Tony stayed in bed and cried. Usually with Jan in bed with him, crying along.
Jan had been calling and texting Tony nonstop since and had finally gotten a reply from Rhodey. She never imagined
“Thank you, Stephen.” He said before turning around and following the sound of Jan’s laughter coming from somewhere in the sanatorium.
Jan practically skipped her way out of Fury’s office with her binder under her arm. She kipped all the way through the Triskelion and into her bright yellow cab. Once she was in front of Stark Industry, she paid her cab and tipped him a 100$ bill. She was bobbing and weaving through the crowds of people in the street and the lobby of the building. The cool air hit her, the tower was always cool, it’s high ceilings and huge windows. Jan hummed her way to the private elevator, JARVIS taking her straight to Tony.
Well not Tony,
“Got your monthly reports.” Janet said, dropping the thick pile of folders onto the spy’s desk, a heavy
” She asked the omega looking him straight in the eye. Bucky looked visibly taken aback but said nothing. “
“He’s amazing, isn’t he?” Bucky asked, looking back at Tony with nothing but love.
“If I asked you to never see Barnes again, would you do it?” Tony asked, voice low and cold. It surprised Steve, how mean Tony could get. Tony was always so sweet he forgot Tony spent his whole life with disgusting billionaires who wouldn’t hesitate killing their own friends to come out on top. That Tony was raised by Howard Stark, a man who started with nothing and clawed his way to success.
“What does that have to do with me?” Tony asked, clutching Jan’s hand back. Carol looked at him with sadness.
Bucky knew what that meant, and so did Steve. Who desperately pleated Jan to talk to Tony every time she came to SHIELD.
Natasha had tried to get anything out of Fury but the spy had laughed at her questions before dismissing her.
surprised when Tony did finally show back up to class and he wouldn’t look Strange in the eyes. There was a shift in their relationship now.
Tony rolled onto his back and willed his eyes open. Above him was Stephen, he didn’t have his cloak on. Tony memorized the white strips of hair beside the alpha’s ears. The omega thought they were adorable.
The trip to the private hanger wasn’t too long, Before Tony knew it he was on a plane to California and Tony finally felt like he could breathe. Pepper had pulled out a stack of a contact that was basically a glorified divorce filing.
“I’m counting on it, big guy.” Tony teased back, moving a knee up so it  brushed Steve’s erection. Steve moaned, closing his eyes and let out a laugh. He dreamed of this.
. How could anybody blame you two for wanting to be together? You have so much
. You were Steve’s in the
Tony stood in the doorway of the entrance of the house, looking over the old wooden doors. He would have to replace them. Tony could hear the excited chatter of Jan and Pepper as they explored the inside of the manor. Talking about wallpaper and home décor. Carol was flying around, she had insisted on doing another thorough perimeter check. Making sure Tony’s privacy would be intact.
“Wong is a hoot, Stephen! I don’t know how you keep that pensive look on your face all the time with a comedian like this!” Jan practically howled as she pointed with her thumb to the man next to her. Who was simply smiling at them. Stephen raised his eyebrow in complete disbelief.
Which is why he was currently sparring with Natasha. She had been having trouble sleeping and wearing her out was the best way to put her to bed. Ever since she was a teen. Bucky often looked at Natasha in a maternal way. He had never thought about it often, being maternal. HYDRA did everything they could to remove his omega. Every gland, organ and hormone. Heat and pregnancy were unnecessary risks to their prized assassin.
It had only been 10 seconds and Strange felt angry. Like someone had stolen something precious from him. He
As Tony told the story again, the once peaceful sky went more dark and grey as Tony continued to fill in Thor on what he missed. Thunder roared outside as the wind picked up to alarming speeds. Thor stood up, lightning hitting the ground somewhere, shaking the house.
It was almost an insult to Tony.
“No.” Strange said, shaking his head. “We change as little as we can, we can’t chance Thanos’s suspicions. We already have a huge advantage of a covert attack with some of the most powerful people in the multi realms.” Strange said.
Bucky watched as Steve let out a yell of frustration as soon as they got back to the Avengers Tower. With each visit of the West Coast Avengers, Bucky would see it affecting Steve more and more. And Bucky knew why.
” Tony said, hand on his flat stomach “stays that way, I don’t want any chance of re-connection again.” Tony said, last time he was so confident with a choice he let Steve bite his neck during their first heat together. That had to say
“If someone compromised JARVIS do you really think they’d just say ‘
Now, Tony was no means jealous. You can’t get jealous of a woman who had a brief relationship with a man who
Tony only asked Steve about breaking the bond to be nice,
The omega quickly shoved those feelings down as deep as he could. There were bigger things to worry about, an alien invasion that has been haunting his dreams and a baby. He needed time to get used to not having his pack, to move to California and start the West Coast Avengers. It just was not a good time to explore a new romance, but that rationale alone pained Tony. Even if the wound from Steve and his pack was still intense and open, a part of his mind drifted to the What If’s. What if he had pursued Stephen in their school days, what if he tried now?
Jan started at Fury a long minute, he never looked away. Jan let out a sigh, he had a point. And Tony trusted Fury. Jan did too. Fury was quick to question Natasha’s report, which had made Jan a little smug. Fury was the first to come by to check on Tony after his parents car accidents.
! It is
” Jan shrieked with excitement. She ran to the front door and opened it, chucking all four wine bottles into the yard. They made a soft thud as they hit the grass and dirt. Jan slammed closed the door and turned to
“Thanks, dollface. I’m sure Stevie will he happy to see you.”
Tony turned to find Jan and Pepper. Once Peter was born and his bond mark was gone. Tony would ask Stephen if he wanted to finish that cup of coffee.
“Taking a break?” Tony offered, Strange nodded thoughtfully.
Steve did love Bucky, he did. He was risking everything for the omega. That didn’t mean he could stomach what he was doing. That’s why when they did have sex, Steve would almost always take Bucky from behind. It was easier, Steve could bury his face in Bucky’s brown hair and
“Yeah.” Tony said in a wistful breath, now staring into space as he thought more and more about Stephen.
I really am just going to drop this now since I finished it, having sleep troubles can be productive. Let me know what you think!!! Still open to suggestions!!
She made her way to the table they were sitting at, looking between the two. She mostly looked at Bucky who was looking at Steve with sad eyes. Natasha didn’t understand Steve and Bucky. They were star crossed lovers who were reunited and had an affair because they couldn’t contain themselves and now they were acting like anything but a couple. Isn’t this what they wanted? The chance to be together?
“An Infinity Stone!” Thor shouted, cutting off Stephen. He looked at Stephen with wide, surprised eyes. “You possess one?”
Hello everyone! I hope you guys liked it, I'm so excited for Carol!!! I love Carol so much :,)
Bucky melted into the kiss and grabbed Steve’s hands that were on his face. There were tears between the two but they didn’t stop. It was until Steve was out of breath that he stopped and pulled away from Bucky. They looked at each other, shame forming on both of their faces.
” The Wasp started to ask, her question dripping in disbelief and confusion.
. Tony couldn’t believe they were still causing problems in his life.
Bucky understood, of course. Tony was
. It made Steve want to
Just as back in boarding school, he had always enjoyed being in the presence of the alpha. He could keep up with Tony’s fast paced genius talk at three in the morning. He liked sitting outside in the mornings, right after he woke up and had a fresh cup of tea in his hand. Tony, Strange and whoever wanted to tag along with them would sit outside and talk. Enjoying the cool mornings, making sure Tony see’s
. A child. And they looked at him as if he was something to eat.
look where he was.
“The ships.” Rhodey finished, setting his own meal aside in disgust. Carol nodded in confirmation. The air in the room was tense, thick with fear of the unknown and a tyrant's fascination in their omega.
Jan and Tony walked down the street Tony had found the little coffee shop. It was a bright sunny day, the birds were chirping and a light breeze swayed in and out every so often. Tony was dressed in one of his suits, Jan also in a three piece suit tailored within an inch of its life. Her yellow tinted shades sat on her nose as she looked around the street.
His own sunglasses were tinted red, the kind that had JARVIS installed, just like Jan’s. JARVIS was currently taking in any information and trying to locate Stephen as best as he could but the AI could find nothing. So Tony and Jan opted to just walk around and wait for dumb lick.
HELLO!!!! I hope you guys like the chapter, the next chapter i'm....i am not good at writing fighting scenes or like complex battle stuff so it's been a struggle to write but i am trying!! Please let me know your thoughts!! I'll try not to be so low but also I work at a very steady but slow pace. it's just how i roll
” She cooed still holding Tony’s shoulders tightly in her hands.
“I just want him to
He had made his bed and he knew there was nothing to do but lie in it.
Tony cried so painfully that Pepper, an alpha, herself was crying herself. The smell of stress, hurt and
“He looks into the future and multiverse for fun sometimes.” Wong said looking at Stephen. “Getting vomit out of a carpet is not an issue.”
“Of course not, Wong will get some tea started while we wait for him to calm and wake up.”
Jan let out a frustrated sigh. She knew Fury was trying to get more information out of her, both verbally and behaviorally. This wasn’t about her or them. This was about the new Avengers.
The briefing had been a mess, Fury and Steve’s pack were pushing for more information about Stephen. Steve’s pack specifically wanted to pause the development of the West Coast Avengers. Jan and Tony as captains of their team fought Steve’s stubborn argument. She knew her team could handle it and promised to call them if they needed back up. Jan knew Stephen was barely playing nice with them, she had a suspicion that if they brought more people in, Stephen would disappear and they needed the sorcerer.
So he would take care of Natasha for now. She wasn’t present with him, he could tell by her sloppy footwork. Bucky slipped his foot forward every so slightly and it was enough to bring the Black Widow to her knees.
Most of the preparations for attacking Thanos were coming along nicely and smoothly. The West Coast Avengers were a well oiled machine. With Tony staying in the California country house as their main hub. The rest of the newly forming pack would go out into the world and get whatever leg work that needed to be done, done.
Steve had even been brave enough to march into Stark Industries and push his way into Pepper Pott’s office. Bucky and Natasha had gone with him, to keep him in line as much as they could. Bucky had never met a more terrifying alpha than Pepper Pott’s and he used to be HYDRA’s personal Ken Doll.
sound, as if he’d seen a delicious piece of chocolate cake on the Food Network as he watched Tony’s ass bounce. Tony was on the verge of losing his mind. He was spitting out nonsense and pulling at the sheets. Steve watched Tony unravel, a feeling deep in stomach both satisfied and roared with hunger, wanting more.
love, and Tony… prefers it.
first kiss had been nothing like Tony – like either of them – had thought it would be. It had been absent-minded, automatic, in a way that loving each other always was. As simple and easy and obvious as one’s need to breathe. A simple kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth as Tony was leaving for SI – running off too little sleep, no one else in the kitchen except for Steve, who’d just made them both breakfast to make sure Tony ate – and it was forgotten until later that evening.
He then shows Clint, and it’s worth the clip around the back of the head he gets from his not-really-assistant for the way Clint pretty much screeches
“Ducky go?” he asked sadly, and if Steve hadn’t been trying to hide in his sketches, he would’ve undoubtedly seen puppy eyes that would make him willing to catch that boy a duck.
Wait.
They go to Tony’s room, just to sleep. Curled up in one another, safe in a way Tony hasn’t felt since Ultron, almost, and it’s
Tony caught Thor’s eye across the table, and the god merely raised a pointed eyebrow at him. Some help he was going to be. “Good luck working it out,” Tony told them – though they barely noticed, not even glancing away from the debate as he stood from his chair, “I’m going to find some clothes.”
, Rogers?” Tony hisses, and Steve winces, stepping back away from the door. “How come you’re not begging my forgiveness like everybody else, huh?” he demands – it’s an unfair question, one not easily answered, but it’s been bugging him.
“PETER!” The man called out – and he was already up from the bench, and Steve could’ve sworn he was given a glance as the man caught up to and crouched down in front in of his son, Peter.
Tony makes Natasha take a selfie with him. He saves it and sends it to Pepper and gets a
“Aye, you should rest, Steven. I am sure the Lady Tasha or I will be more than pleased to bring you up a plate.” He offered, and Natasha offered her agreement. She glanced at Tony, who smiled at her, and her softness became a smirk.
I'm really sorry this took so long! I went home for the weekend and had no internet on my laptop, which aside from being super weird, was super fucking annoying... but it's here! Part two, so without further ado...
“Steve, over here!” Bucky kept kicking at the spot hard, small chunks of muddy reeds falling down over him as he gritted his teeth and worked hard to open up a bigger hole.
“We’ll take care of that later, right now’s about you. What do you think, Steve?” Tony asked, looking at the other man with a wide smile. “I have to admit, I’m being kind of selfish because I’m dying to watch you two fuck.”
“Yeah, we find someone here that knows their stuff when it comes to etiquette and speaking like royalty, and we get them to teach you everything,” Natasha said matter of factly, giving Bucky a wide smile. “Trust me, if you can beat Steve Rogers at something, it has to be this. He might have two arms, but you’re smart.”
“They want to watch you longer, then I’ll carry you out to the car when they say it’s okay. We might have to stay a while though, is that okay?” Steve asked, having already spoken to the doctor about how soon they could leave on Bucky’s behalf.
“That’s good, because I don’t want you to be a monk either,” Steve exhaled, scratching the back of his head as he stood upright. “I think I’d miss you too much, as well as, well…”
“You’re right,” Tony pursed his lips, closing his hand around the tickets before pointing at Steve and Bucky. “You and you. My tent. Now.”
“DON’T!” Tony snapped, standing upright again, looking over at Steve and Bucky, not sure what he could possibly do or say to fix this situation. Walking over to the bed, he knelt in front of Bucky, not speaking for a moment as he watched the young man hug his legs tighter. “Bucky, I’m sorry, I’m not yelling at you, I don’t mean to scare you. I can’t even begin to imagine what you’ve been through, and there aren’t enough apologies in this world for what has happened to you. I’m going to make things better for you.”
“Just a few minutes?” Natasha grinned, raising an eyebrow.
“He’s right, it’s a private plane, it’ll just be the three of us, baby,” Tony said, rubbing his brow with one hand, feeling like he was going to be sick. He hoped there was a fully stocked bar on this thing, he needed to get very drunk, very fast, though he doubted he was going to have a chance to do that. He had to stay strong, as hard as that was right now.
“…just…sit up fast and put your belt on if the cops pull us over,” Tony said, figuring he’d rather have Bucky do what he want than trap him in an uncomfortable position.
“I can do that,” Steve agreed, looking over at the nightstand, specifically an ornate glass jar with a blue top. Reaching over, he picked it up and removed the cap to peer inside at what looked like rendered tallow but smelled sweet. Dipping a finger in, he realized the substance was very oily, and knew immediately it was going to work a lot better than spit did.
“Really for you,” Tony nodded, grinning as Bucky took it from his hand. “I don’t know if you can sing along to it, but I thought you’d appreciate something musical. Did your goats get here, by the way?”
“I’m being entirely plausible right now,” Bucky gritted his teeth as he shook his head, feeling like he’d just rather leave than be a part of someone else’s game. He didn’t think Natasha would let him though, especially seeing as she didn’t appear to agree with him.
“This one…” Tony picked up a wood man, turning a little wind up mechanism before putting it back on the shelf. Immediately, it began to shuffle across the shelf on its short legs, making little clicking noises. “It’s supposed to be a marching soldier, he’s had a few too many drinks or something. He used to fall over a lot. It’s a prototype.”
“Anthony, if you could take Bucky’s ring,” the priest held out both rings, not sure which one was Bucky’s. “Place it upon his finger and pledge your life to James.”
“May I sit down with you?” Steve asked, setting the cupcakes down, not taking one for himself yet, figuring he’d enjoy it more after lunch. “Or is there something else I can do for you?”
“Baby, listen to me, you don’t have to see a doctor right now,”  Steve said, though he wondered if he was inadvertently lying to Bucky as he spoke. “I’m not saying you did it wrong, but how about we take a second look with this thing, okay?”
“And does your land not have laws to prevent such a thing?” Von Doom said with irritation in his voice as well as painted across his expression.
“What do you think?” Tony queried, closing the door behind them, a mix of candle and moonlight illuminating the large room.
“Good to know,” Bucky shivered, pulling a pillow closer and burying his face against it, enjoying every moment of having Steve inside him again.
“What’s a ringer?” Bucky asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Clint Barton,” Clint sheathed his sword and pulled his mask back, reaching a hand out to shake Bucky’s. “No hard feelings, I didn’t know you were one of Natasha’s friends. I owe her my life, I wouldn’t do anything to hurt someone close to her.”
“It’s pretty cold at night, and Bucky gets the chills unless he’s wrapped in blankets. So we should make sure we have lots,” Tony said as he pushed the wheelbarrow over a rock with a grunt. “We need a better kindling carrying system.”
“I trust you, I trust you both,” Bucky whispered, reaching to take their hands off each other, putting them both on his stomach under his naval. “Are you both going to hold me like this when my stomach is bigger?”
“Six…” Steve set the cards down, holding up six fingers. “I drive a motorcycle to work and I will admit that it makes me feel more confident, I’m allergic to bees but I’ve only been stung once, I’ve had my nose broken twice and almost broken a lot more because I tend to break up fights if I see them, I love golden retrievers and I want one as soon as I am more stable, my favourite colour is blue, and I like watching Star Trek. Do you know what that is?”
“I do trust you,” Bucky whispered softly, giving Tony a shaky smile. “Everything is going to be okay.”
“Considering you’re the oldest here, you don’t act it,” Steve had to laugh at Tony’s dramatics, rolling his eyes as he got to his feet and walked over to a bookcase in the corner. Reaching behind it, he pulled out a covered picture frame about waist height on him, carrying it over. “So I made a painting for you both, it’s my first large portrait I’ve done, and…I had to do it from memory, obviously, but…”
Bucky didn’t reply, he just reached out and took his card, holding it up between shaking fingers.
“You’re going to the storage room beneath the chapel where your coffins are. Now act old,” Fury gestured for them to disembark after him, holding out a hand to help a hunched over Bucky. Remembering to grab his real arm, Fury got Bucky down in one piece before assisting Steve.
“I…” Tony swallowed hard, descending a little from his anger, just enough to look around at the situation. He was standing over his father’s body, who he’d killed with his own hands, and his husband was unconscious and bleeding out. This was definitely hitting high above his weight level, he couldn’t begin to deal with this. “Steve, call 911. Tell them our home was invaded and we have two ending medical help and one dead…”
“I snore if I’m really drunk, but I’m barely buzzed, so you’re safe tonight,” Tony laughed, standing up with a sigh, looking down at the two men with a small smile. “I’ll go get changed, but feel free to talk about me when I’m gone.”
“Don’t open that. I’ll tell you what’s in it, but it needs to stay sealed,” Steve insisted, his hands returning to his coffee cup, lifting it to take a sip and looking down at the surface of the liquid as his hands trembled.
“Of course…” Steve held Bucky against him, stroking his hair, humming softly as he did his best to comfort him. His own efforts on Bucky were slowly working on him, making his heart slow in his chest. Just the scent of the other man was bringing him to a level of peace that nothing else could.
“No, it’s just my own blend, it’s just brewed with magic,” Strange set his teacup down on the table beside him, tenting his fingers as he looked at Tony. “Now, about this magic display…”
“Kings swear too, go ahead and say what you want,” Tony chuckled, unable to help thinking that Bucky looked adorable when he blushed. He couldn’t wait to see these two cleaned up, he was sure Pepper would assign a team for making them over.
“Because the two people I love most in the world are gone,” Tony lied, though he did so without hesitation. “Thought it’s mostly because I don’t feel like playing host to a foreign King right now. I’d rather get through this funeral and start working on my kingdom.”
“I can’t give that back, I can’t give you the time I didn’t come crawling to you apologizing back either,” Steve said, watching Bucky, looking for any sign of the mercy he didn’t deserve. “I don’t know what I can give you, Bucky, but I want to do something. Please tell me what I can do. You can hit me, you can kick me, you can tell me off, anything.”
“I thought you’d approve,” Bucky said, looking down at it the Brooklyn Dodger logo and back up at Steve. “That or you’d pin me to the wall and kiss me.”
‘Give me a break,’ thought Stane, mentally scoffing at the religious bullshit the priest was spewing. He believed in the Gods about as much as he believed that he could sprout wings and fly around the room. The superstitious nonsense he endured to just live in normal society was annoyingly high sometimes.
“You’re doing great, Buck, you’re doing it,” Steve cheered him on, though he knew they weren’t out of this yet. He could hear the fire starting to crackle downstairs, and he knew that this whole place was so full of hay for insulation that it would go up fast. “Keep going, and then we can get out of here. Both of us.”
“Well I’m still scary, and if anyone breaks your heart, I’m going to mow her down, got it?” Peggy smiled, reaching up to press the end of Steve’s nose.
“Yeah, not a problem,” Tony said, getting Bucky back into the car and shutting the door after him, climbing in himself. Looking at Steve with worry in his eyes, he wasn’t comforted when he saw the same in his.
“He’s working out very well, I like him a lot,” Bucky said, looking up at Howard for a moment, giving him the closest thing he could manage to a smile. “Thank you, Father.”
Tony turned back to the window, nodding a little as he pretended to be interested in the landscaping. “I’m glad you’ll be here, you’re as welcome to be here as he is,” he said finally, taking his phone from his pocket, thinking of what he’d say exactly to explain what his father had done, hoping the police didn’t think he was insane. “I’ll earn your trust.”
The phone isn’t broken, and there’s texts waiting, but Tony won’t look at them now. He doesn’t owe Steve that. He sits down in the desk chair, and rests his head on the desk – it’s cool, but it won’t soothe him. Rhodey’s got a long road to any semblance of recovery, and Vision is just drifting, more robotic now that even Jarvis ever was, and Tony aches. He aches with everything he’s lost, and he can’t pinpoint why or how, just that it’s his fault.
“Dad, you
“We play!” he declared, and the father laughed.
“You are
“I’m so sorry.” He whispers, over and over again, and all Tony can tell him is that he knows, that he understands. Tony’s honestly not sure how to deal with such raw emotion from a man he’s always seen as stoic, even blank, in the face of feelings, but he clutches back, noting how he’s touch-starved and would rather drink in Clint being
(Steve’s not much better).
In all his pondering of how
, Tony!” He yells it, and immediately feels the shame burn on his face, but he won’t take it back. “I- It doesn’t mean enough to me, Tony, not at the cost of… No.”
“You didn’t even sign out, did you?” he asked, shaking his head and standing to fetch Steve a plate.
“Okay.” She murmured, “okay.” She pressed a kiss to his palm and then stepped back to compose herself and smile. “Do not leave the Tower, you’ll have a press conference in three hours, be
“What would bug me?” He asked, the breath of his words ghosting over Tony’s face.
“Can I ask you a question?” Steve asked. He was laid on the couch in Tony’s workshop, carefully reading through the journal. Tony spun on his stool to face him – completely human today, it was more comfortable to be wholly one or the other, and certainly more stable, dragons that chose to remain partially Shifted had more control that he did, though he would gain control with age.
The Faye believe in star fates, in soul mates, and vampires believe in the power of a blood bond. A werewolf believes in the power of a pack instead of two individuals – dragons believe it’s every dragon for themselves.
“Were you going to tell us?” Bruce asked eventually, and Tony nodded, hastily swallowing his mouthful.
“I’m fine now, honestly.” He insisted, “I just wanted to see you.” He admitted, watching Tony as he leapt off the table to slink up to him. He circled him once, and then huffed. Thor held out the cloak from the back of his chair without prompting, and Tony nestled himself under it to shift without losing his modesty. He managed to shift so that he was stood up with the cloak wrapped around him, and he glared at Steve despite how his heart leapt to see him.
“I would be happy to.”
back that he hadn’t been expecting, but he grins and shows Natasha the message who smiles and retrieves her own phone from her pocket.
Even now, when magical species are integrated with humanity across the globe, and most dragons chose human forms; all dragons have hoards. Whether they keep dragonish features, or hide themselves completely, a dragon has a hoard and it will probably give them away.
Hot Dad’s grin was pretty.
Steve huffed, but he tipped the last of the bag into his mouth, and pulled off his shirt without protest. Tony bit back a groan at the number of bandages covering Steve’s torso, but there was no visible blood – Tony couldn’t smell any either – and he let his fingers trace over the bandages. They were still secure and Tony hmphed in surrender. He looked up to tell Steve that he was happy, and found his face mere inches from his own.
The ring nestles in deep red material, a thick golden band with a blue star inlaid. It’s simplistic, yet it’s
!” Tony demanded, and Particle Man (Tony was sticking with it, names were a useless thing in the face of titles to be won and earned) set to work, returning the items to their former state, under Tony’s watchful gaze. Not long after he’d finished, were Shield taking him away, and Thor was grinning up at Tony – Tony gave him a smile that showed all his teeth, and then called out; “I
Maria's hoard was books.
Tony once paraphrased Ollivander, in that
“You’re all welcome to live in the tower.”
the futurist, Tony, what- Tony, I’m not going to- to- no. No. I can’t, Tony, no matter what you think of me now.”
, and never has that sentiment been truer than today.
“Ah.” Tony came to a halt, standing in front of her as the Avengers filed out around them to crash on various surfaces and raid the fridge. “Pepper, darling, light of my life-“ he began.
“Vigorously.” It’s paired with a ridiculous little eyebrow wiggle, but it works, and Rhodey’s face softens. His glare comes back as he turns to Steve – but there’s no spoken threat. One isn’t needed, after the dressing down Rhodey gave him when they first reformed, and that’s almost worse.
“I love you for many reasons.” Steve had begun, “for the way you look with a new idea, and how cute you are when you’re tired. For how you always know just what I need, and for the way you make my heart skip when you smile at me,” and he’d blushed at the aww-ing they were subjected to then, “and for how you gave me a home. Not just here, but with
“You don’t hoard, like, something completely intangible like music, do you?” Bruce joked, and Tony shook his head.
Tony will not let Steve give his life for the universe, not now, not ever again. Tony had known since Nebula had explained to him what always awaits on Vormir, the crime to be committed, the sacrifice to be made… he’d known that he would never wield the gauntlet. He thinks Nebula knows that too. “Of course.” Tony says, and he can’t look at Steve’s face. He’d known who would have to come with him too, as much as he’d tried to avoid it – but who else could he ask this of? “Of course, you would be.”
taken a hit meant for Bucky and gotten himself injured, sure, but Tony took hits for people all the time.
Pepper and Happy and Rhodey are hoard, Jarvis and the bots are hoard, Jan Van Dyne who he gets coffee with once and month and has for the last ten years is hoard – these all make sense to Tony.
“It’s- me?” He managed eventually, the beginnings of a smile of his face.
that Tony would find insulting if it wasn’t only because Steve cares so much, because Tony is always sure.
“So am I.” Tony muttered after a long moment of silence. Steve looked heartbroken for him for a moment, but then the moment was shattered by Jarvis informing them both that Clint was ordering pizza for dinner.
“P-please-“ he begged. “I- I can undo it!”
In this modern-day society, hoards have changed. Tony has met dragons that hoard pencils, and dragons that hoard plants. The owner of the Met is a dragon, and woe betide anyone not return items on loan from his hoard. Some dragons hoard money, jewellery, but those old dragons are becoming fewer and fewer... some hoard cats, or dogs, there’s one in the amazon who hoards birds, and Tony’s favourite dragon in the world won’t ever give his true name, but he hoards Yosemite and haunts its boundaries to protect those who enter and bless those who leave.
.” Tony growls out when Steve continues to stare at his feet. Tony wishes he got some sort of vindictive pleasure of how the tears burning in his own eyes are easily visible in Steve’s, but all it does is hurt.
Wanda is teaching Vision to cook, and Natasha spends her time split between helping organise the Avengers business, coaxing Pepper away for a few days each month, or training. Steve… Steve mostly sits sketching in a corner in his down time. He’s timely with all paperwork, he trains hard and teaches well, and laughs when the others are enjoying themselves; but he keeps himself in the corner. Tony can’t help but feel that Steve is the visual representation of what Tony felt like when the Avengers first moved into the Tower – out on a limb, unsure of his footing, and kind of wishing he wasn’t there.
“My secret was not worth their lives,” he told her, “I had no choice.”
Steve doesn’t drop him, and honestly, he couldn’t stop grinning even if fucking Victor Von Doom chose this moment to crash the party. “
“Tony…” Steve is pleading, and Tony pulls him down to kiss him – a first and a last all at once. Tony kisses him as he always did, like he’s got all the time in the universe to savour this moment, and Steve tries, but he knows the end is coming, know it acutely in a way he never has before. The train, the plane, Washington, Sokovia, Siberia… none of it had the finality of this soft goodbye kiss.
“Tony.” He corrects her absent-mindedly, startling them both with it. “Call me Tony.” He says. It’s not quite an
She quickly entered her penthouse. She grabbed her suitcase and purse with her keys and wallet. She came back out and closed the door behind her. She turned to Steve  and looked him in the eyes.
“Only if you tell me what’s really going on, Janet and cut the bullshit.” Fury said with no room for humor left. Jan stopped her foot tapping and sat up straighter. Only slightly, Jan prided herself on her posture. “I am running a group of
. Tony could hear Bucky come, and Tony just shook his head and let out a small laugh.
V O T E !!!!!!!!
Tony let himself snuggle into the sweatshirt and listened to Jan chirp away, her laugh sounding like a bell in the distance as it lulled him. Tony closed his eyes and smiled. Excited about everything Jan was talking about.
I would
They were outside in the backyard of the manor. Currently inside was Tony’s small army of his Iron Man suits doing any and all construction that needed to be done; under JARVIS’s helpful watch. Most of the construction had been completed within the last two months. Tony rubbed at his now bigger belly. Time was flying fast, at the six month mark there was only two months left until his little peanut would be welcomed into the world.
Tony had shown Carol around the property in California. Tony was still thanking his mother for purchasing the property for him. Carol loved it, she loved the seclusion and the green fields between the mountains.
“I think you impressed him, a whole fleet gone by one man. He put out a bounty for information about you. Earth is so insignificant there was none, so-”
. Jan wasn’t stupid she knew what this meant. And if Natasha was calling her then that means they all knew. Jan noticed a tear on her phone screen as she kept staring at Rhodey’s text.
“I liked Strange, back at the academy. He was good to you.” Jan's said softly. “It’s why I agreed to keep his secrets. An alpha that didn’t take advantage of an omega in heat. We can trust him.”
Tony got out of the car and looked at Pepper who’s eyes looked concerned. Pepper knew Tony too well, she was a wonderful alpha. Tony walked up to Pepper and smiled at her.
. And Tony had never known sex could feel this good until Bucky, and to get more in one day from
. Pretended that it was his husband. Pretend that he also hated that Bucky wasn’t his husband.
.” Rhodey said as stern as he could. Tony nodded. “Happy, pull over.” Rhodey called to the front seat. The car started veering toward the right, barely stopping before Tony jumped out and threw himself into the moving crowd.
“Done.” Tony answered. “Might want to get out of here then.” The omega suggested.
“Got something for me, Nick?” She asked, a little excitement in her voice. Carol had always been a little of an adrenaline junky. Nick shrugged his shoulders and sat in his chair and looked at her with challenge.
” Was all Stephen growled.
“You’re leaving.” Steve said, no obvious emotional tone in his voice. She would have to tread carefully.
HELLO! Not a quick update but a lot quicker than my last one so "finger guns*
to Steve. It always felt so safe, being alone with Tony in the most intimate place. It was like looking inside Tony Stark’s heart, seeing the numbers and equations floating around with Tony usually chattering genius that flew around Steve’s head like a spell leaving him dizzy.
This fic is not beta'd, I try my best man.
“I found out when we were on our way, okay, I don’t know anything.” Tony said as he turned a sharp corner.
“It’s for Tony. It’s unsealed.” Was all the redhead, looking almost hopeful. Jan knew she was implying that it was Jan’s choice whether to give it to Tony or not. Jan looked down at the letter and then back up at Natasha before taking it. The alpha’s shoulder’s relaxed at the sight of the letter in her hands. “Thank you, Janet. Stay safe.” said before turning and walking away. Jan watched until she was out of her eyesight.
” Natasha said, not unkindly. Just with no room for patience.
“And one of our oracles had urged us to return to Midgard, so we are back.” Thor said, directing his voice mostly at Tony who was making his way over to them. Thor smiled cheerfully at the omega. “Congratulations on being with child, Omega Tony! I hope the Gods bless you and our pack.”
and obviously Steve wants his pack to be led by Bucky.
“This feels like recon to me.” War Machine said. Carol nodded her head. It would make sense, if they were not here to take- they were here to observe. The suit stopped beside her, on the shoulder of the suit she saw a small figure sitting there. The figure jumped off War Machine’s shoulder and into the free air.
Bucky pulled Natasha off Steve by wrapping his arms around her waist and using all his super soldier strength. Natasha flailed and struggled against him,
“I am.” She said, sticking to the facts. Steve tensed, unshed tears in his blue eyes. “Not forever.” She tried to comfort him, but the statement was still true.
“Names Carol Danvers, Nick tells me I officially do not exist.” Carol said as she was coming in on the wormhole. She could hear the second guy groan. “They call me Captain Marvel.”
Bucky laughed and sat back in his grey rolling chair behind his desk. The office itself was a decent size, he picked it out when him and Steve first bought the place. His desk was messy with papers and scattered pens. His desk was made of a light colored wood, which complemented his white walls well. There were two chairs on the other side of his desk and a black leather couch against the wall. Bucky often took naps there.
“Wasp!” Tony yelled, diving down to catch his friend. Jan reached a hand out as she spun her way down, one wing fluttering as fast as it could to keep her in the air.
“You look so good baby, feel so good. I knew you’d be a slut for big cock.” Steve teased in Tony’s ear, his voice deep and horse. “I bet you would have let me ‘n Bucky take you on that first day.”
Jan threw him a look, one he recognized from their school days. “That’s a little creepy, Stephen. With a hint of unethical, I would say.”
Bruce made sense, he was more helpful with Tony then in the field trying to secretly round up space pirates and family of a galactic terrorist. But Tony could not come up with a single reason as to why Stephen stuck around so much. Granted, it was the easiest to travel for Strange, his portals had become very convenient. And it was nice to have a doctor to ask questions to as Tony read all the biology books he could.
Tony’s eyes looked distant. “I know the feeling.” He rasped out, the omegas scent became more sour. Tony shook his head before clearing his throat. “Sorry, it’s been a rough day.”
.” Jan groaned below Tony, eyes still closed. Tony huffed and swam his way out of the blankets and bed.
. This was her saying
“I know, darlin,
“Janet.” Natasha greeted with a small smile.
Not mentioning how his heart raced when he saw the alpha, also not mentioning how he instantly adored the grey hairs and how Tony thought it really suited the alpha and he definitely didn’t mention how much he hated the fact that his coffee date was cut short and didn’t think he could ask for another. Jan looked at him with a gleam in her eyes, he knew that look, that’s her look when she was planning something.
There was none of that because this was completely different. Stephen was simply a friend
Jan let out an angry sigh, this meant that her month long fight with Tony had been for nothing. It was their longest and most serious fight. Tony had asked Jan to join their pack, it was something they promised each other as children, to pack together. Jan almost caved in, she remembered how Tony looked so hopeful in her living room.
“You’re okay, Tony.” Strange said, he knows it’s the first time he’s called Tony by his first name. Strange willed himself to ignore the shiver that ran through the omega. “It’s preheat. It’s perfectly normal for omegas at your age. I’m going to make sure you get to your room and then let the faculty know.” Strange said into the omega’s ear calmly, trying to keep Tony calm.
“I’ll take him home.” Was all Jan said stepping forward to gather Tony in her arms but Stephen took a step back.
“Jan!”
Now his suit was 3 minutes out and an alien invasion was happening right now. And to top it all off, Stephen Strange is some sort of wizard.
They moved quickly, it was easy to, Tony and Rhodey didn’t have any luggage and Pepper only packed for a weekend so they were out the door in less that 20. They took the car Rhodey had driven, Tony checked it over for any tracking devices but it was all clear. Tony had told Pepper to put all his properties for sale, sell it all. They were Tony’s, the pack had just been simply living off his land and money with no second thought, no concern. Happy to feast on what they pleased.
Jan hummed as she continued. “Wonder how he is in the bedroom.” She wondered casually.
listen having to stay inside as much as possible will definitely speed up or produce more fics. I switch between writing and minecraft now. This story has been written for a while though, which is why I can like get these out so fast. I'm adding more meat the bones, if you will. Or at least I'm trying.
Carol let out a howl of laughter. “God no, man’s denser than most planet’s I’ve been on. Makes me question his Supreme Wizard status, really.” Carol mumbled the last part in thought. “So how are you gonna handle the good Doctor Palmer?”
Only a second after staring Tony could see what looked like a portal tear open in the sky. Against the Earth’s blue sky was a hole that was black and twinkled with lights. Distant, foreign stars peaked through. Coming out of the hole was what looked like spaceships. Shaped like actual flying saucers.
Carol thought to herself as she read the paragraph again and Tony’s overall profile:
“I have to get back to the Sanctorum, but save me a plate.” Stephen said looking at Tony. Tony nodded. He always saved Stephen a plate.
Natasha ignored Steve’s questions about what they were talking about and left the two. She had red to erase for her ledger.
“Next time I shoot that omega of yours.” Jan said in a voice that once sounded like a friend Steve knew, but now they were strangers. Jan turned straight and walked away from Steve, not giving him a look back. They could raid her penthouse all they wanted, nothing there would lead them to Tony.
? Tony raised an eyebrow at the alpha.
I hope you guys like it! I didn't know I was accidently writing a slowburn fic until I was like 'when are they gonna confess their feelings for each other" lmaoooooo. Anyway, I think this fic has a couple more chapters before it's done. Depends on the length of how the following chapters are going to go, I want to make them a little (read a lot) longer.
Tony heard the opening of one of Stephen’s portals. Out of the omega’s peripheral he could see the gold spark take hook on this side of the portal. Soon enough the circle connected and stepped through Jan and Stephen.
Stephen had even once sat with Tony in the restroom when a surge of morning sickness made its way up Tony’s throat. His solid hand on the omega’s back as he reassured the omega that this was perfectly normal and it’ll be over soon.
. Bruce had wanted to make as little noise as possible about his return to Earth. Not wanting to wake old sleeping dogs.
“I’m more of a sorcerer, if you
Today was a good day, Tony had a cup of coffee, decaffeinated, and the California sun. His wooden seat on the porch overlooked tall, green lush grass that swayed with the wind. The sound of the grass as it blew filled the silence of the valley. The warm and dry air smelled familiar. Tony could see why Maria chose this place.
Tony walked out from the elevator and into the hallway. The walls were a light green mint color, and all the doors were white with silver numbers on the door. Tony decided he liked this place, it smelled like cinnamon cookies. Tony walked up to 702’s door, and slowly opened it. Bucky said the door would be unlocked and to just walk in.
Tony pointed dramatically at his round belly. “I’m pregnant with Steve’s child and I still have a bond mark! We’re in the middle of hunting down a galactic terrorist! Oh?
The portal closed and Jan through her luxury briefcase on the island and let out a groan. Tony raised an eyebrow at Stephen who just closed his eyes and rubbed at his temples.
“Huh.” Carol said as he looked over Tony Stark’s page. She skimmed through it but read the small paragraph of the New York attack.
“An infinity stone.” Carol answered, flying toward them.
and it broke Tony. Because he would never have this again with his mate or pack and for
Tony.” Natasha informed him, amused. Bucky grinned and made his way around the desk, he reached a hand out to ruffle Clint’s hair.
. He wasn’t supposed to be crying constantly. Maybe he could pass it off as pregnancy hormones and save some face.
have access to this line, T-”
Bucky watched Steve deteriorate before his eyes. Steve tried to hide it as well as he could but Steve couldn’t hide from Bucky. Even after all these years. It started the day Tony left, how could it have not? The pack was in a panic, scrambling to find the omega. Only to be told to fuck off by Janet, the only person who could tell them where Tony was.
“Don’t worry about it, Stark. It’s my good deed of the day.” Strange said just as the barista gave him his two to go cups of coffee and his card back. Tony walked with Strange to the door, Tony threw his eyes at the empty table near the door.
“An alien invasion
liar.
Tony took it as an insult to himself, asking Jan if she even trusted him. There was arguing and crying, and a month of the Avengers playing messenger back and forth between the two. Eventually Tony had apologized to Jan, he said Steve talked some sense into Tony.
that she had given him such a gift. “A house,
Stephen tapped his chest and suddenly a green light lit up from under his dress shirt. It was intense, just being near whatever Stephen was doing. Jan felt it, the power it was radiating. It chilled her to the bone, so much so she stopped her fighting and just
The muffling was getting louder, it wasn’t under a hand harshly shook his shoulder with their nails digging into his skin. Hard enough that it broke his skin.
“I told you not everyone is blessed with the knack for-”
“Your ex-husband is so stubborn, I have no idea how you managed to stay with him for so long. Does he compromise on anything?” Stephen groaned. Tony let out a chuckle.
“You’re space famous, baby!” Carol said, still smiling but her eyes remained serious. “And that Chitauri fleet was spent by someone.”
“It’s been years! Do you have time to catch up?” Tony asked, not afraid to flutter his eyelashes a little. Strange looked at the door and his lips started to form a no when Strange jerked forward and closer to Tony. Strange cleared his throat roughly and seemed to glare down at his ..
Jan thought about how when she was 15 she was waiting for Tony with Fury at Stark Industries. A favor for Peggy, as there had been threats made against Jan. Probably to trade Jan for her father’s work on Pym Particles. Obadiah Stan had walked out of the conference room Tony had been attending with his father. Jan never liked Stan, he always made her feel
That’s what it means to be the pack omega, the emotional support of everyone. The mother, the guardian, the shield, the empath, the
The aliens were not firing any weapons at this point which was a good sign. It gave Carol hope that she could talk to them and it’ll be a peaceful interaction.
“I’ll be here when you’re ready to come back.” He promised her.
Strange wrapped a shoulder around Tony and gently walked him away from the class room and toward the omega dormitories. He held the omega tight against him, trying his hardest to remain in the friendship area of touch. Strange didn’t want Tony thinking he was going to help Tony through his heat, he just wanted the kid safe.
“Again.” Stephen said as he stood floating behind Jan.
“Why?” was all she asked.
“Doctor Strange.” Was all he murmured.
Tony knew it would be cruel to never let Steve and Peter meet. It would be cruel to both of them. But Steve and his pack had betrayed the omega so deeply that he also simply didn’t trust them with any part of Peter. Perhaps Tony hadn’t dealt with his feelings as well as he thought he had.
Tony worked on something called BARF to help Bucky break out of the HYDRA brainwashing. It helped Bucky settle into the new timeline and everything had been going perfectly. Bucky worked himself into the pack without an issue. Natasha was happy to get her old mentor back and a ballet partner, Bucky even managed to spend time with Tony in his workshop.
“So.” Carol said when half of her food was gone from her plate. She looked at Tony with a twinkle in her eyes. “Doc’s appointment today, huh?”
Tony had been surprised to notice how Stephen knew to look before the hole even ripped open in the sky. And now he was chasing after Stephen who had just bolted out of the cafe without as much as a word. Now Stephen was giving him the short version of how he is the mystic arts protector of the Earth.
“What do you need?” Was all Pepper asked in a low voice.
Finding Bucky was never part of the plan. Steve went to therapy, accepted his omega was gone and had moved on with his life. He had met Tony and the world had color again. Tony was bright, nice and everything good in the world. Tony was the reason Steve woke and got up in the morning. Tony brought in the Avengers as a pack and it was perfect. Tony was everything.
, yes, I would have.” Was all Tony could manage to moan out, Steve not slowing down one bit. Steve let out a chuckle against Tony’s ear, the hot air made Tony shiver.
“You're distracted.” Bucky stated it as a fact. “Distractions kill.”
Steve misses that boy a lot these days. Steve Roger’s wouldn’t do this to his omega.
They sat in the kitchen, the early orange sun coming through the large windows. Tony had told them again exactly what happened and Pepper took detailed notes and typed like lighting speed on her laptop
Stephen looked up from his food. The alpha wasn’t wearing his robes. He was wearing grey sweatpants and a matching shirt. It looked wrinkled and spelt in. His hair was also not in it’s usual uniform. And his cape was currently hanging around Tony’s arms like a shawl. A habit the cape had formed so subtly that Tony hadn’t even realized. Simply use to it’s warmth and weight.
It happened all so fast. The sound of all the metal gear clicking and firing. Seeing all the white hot ammunition being pointed and fired at Iron Man. Carol was the first to react, she let out a power pulse via her hand. She managed to intercept and block half of what was going toward Iron Man.
, she would tease him and they had inside jokes. Jan was the second most stubborn person he had ever met and they would often butt heads. It has always been fun. Captain America and The Wasp worked well together on the field, even if she was making too many quips with Natasha during a mission.  And now he was
Floor 7, Apartment 702.
“Watch out, Strange. As soon as I figure out the sling ring, I’m coming for your job.” Jan teased, walking over to Tony and dropped into the empty seat next to him.
So Tony fell into the chest against his cheek and hoped they wouldn’t hurt him too but he was too tired to do anything anymore.
“Names Carol Danvers.” Carol said, sounding a rough due to the speed she was flying at. “Nick tells me I officially do not exist. They call me Captain Marvel.”
, that was different. It’s deeper. Nobody in the 21st century that he’s met understood that. Maybe Natasha but if she had she had never disclosed that to him.
HELLO! Sorry this is so late and shorter than usual! I actually don't know when I'll be post again regularly. I am in the middle of packing my house and moving across my state! Also my finals week is this week and I have an internship starting soon so I will be so god damn busy. I will try my absolute hardest to update regularly but ya know!
“Strange!” Tony said in absolute surprise, a smile almost forming on his face. “How are you?” Tony asked. The alpha looked rather pleased at Tony remembering him. Strange grabbed the plate of cheesecake and coffee from where they sat on the counter and handed it to Tony.
“I’m part of a Space wide known alliance. I’ve dealt with a lot of alien diplomacy, let me see if I can talk with these guys.” Carol said Tony could see her near the wormhole. It was small but she was there. Getting so near by herself was brave, Tony thought.
“Next time, don’t miss.” Tony said with a playful smile under his wet sad eyes.
While Natasha was angry at him, as with herself, she never wanted to hate Steve. He was her friend, and Natasha didn’t have many of those. She really didn’t know how to make friends, so everyone of her friends was special.
“Someone talk to me, what are we dealing with.” Tony said in his helmet, the helmet lighting up his usual holograms.
When Bucky came back Tony knew it was only a matter of time before Steve left him. It wasn’t hard to see, it was a love that stretched past time and death themselves. Tony knew Steve was taking his time because Tony was the pack omega and you don’t just leave your omega without risking the whole pack going with or separating as a whole, and Steve loves them all too much to lose them.
There was enough realistic planning for Tony to agree to the plan. He ate one of the bagel sandwiches as he mulled things over. Maybe he was moving too fast, maybe he should hear them out. They never treated him poorly, it just didn’t make sense in Tony’s head. As the rest of the group chatted around Tony, he wondered how much of it was a lie. When did it start? Why didn’t they tell him?
Pepper simply nodded and turned to enter the house, her hand never leaving Tony’s as she dragged him in. Pepper immediately went to the kitchen island where her computer was and started typing furiously and asking JARVIS to call and email people as well. Tony simply sat on the couch and stared.
Tony stared at him with wide eyes, wondering how Thor could possibly know he was pregnant. He hasn’t been on Earth for more than 5 minutes. Tony assumed his surprise was written all over his face because Thor threw his head back and laughed.
“He’s headed back to California, permanently.” Natasha said as she slipped into the common room of the Avengers compound in New York. The remnant of what was once her pack haunting her as it was just Steve and Bucky in the room. There was once a time where it was filled with more people and laughter. Natasha didn’t allow herself to feel loss, she didn’t
Jan didn’t have time to think about the worried look on Steve’s face. Worried for
Tony thought about the alpha, they would have to meet up soon. They needed answers. About the stones and the aliens. It was all business, absolutely no other reason for Tony wanting to see the alpha. Even if there was, which there isn’t, Tony had a child to think about. Most alphas didn’t want an omega with a child that wasn’t theirs. Tony couldn’t hope. He was on his own.
“Do not pin this on me, you
Now it was becoming a home, a home where he could raise Peter safely. Away from prying eyes and harm. Where his pack would come and rest, where Tony could take care of his pack. It wasn’t until Tony was having dinner with the West Coast Avengers in this kitchen did he realize how much of his omega nature he had been holding back.
“You and Bucky have a thing for my ass.” Tony commented. Steve chuckled, pulling Tony’s cheeks apart.
“Already sent to our legal team to look over.” Pepper said from her battle station behind her keyboard.
The three entered their way into the kitchen, one of the most spacious in the room. And one of the rooms with the most sunlight. It was similar to how his mother had her kitchen laid out. It was clean and a flourishing green plant in every available space. The manor had become something dear to Tony, at first it was a means of hiding out if Tony was honest with himself.
deny you love, Yasha.” Natasha said, refusing to acknowledge the tears and letting him dry on her cheeks.
“Ugh, guys?” Steve asked.
“And he’s kind of dreamy.” Jan said, never looking up from her wooden chopping board and tomatoes.
After 12 hours, Tony woke up with Jan next to him also asleep. Tony looked around to see Pepper and Rhodey gone. Tony sat up in the bed more, stretching his arms. Some bones cracked and popped.
Three years on the Avengers together. They
Tony’s fingers clenched the sheets. His mouth letting out a steady supply of moans and whines. His hips moving against Steve’s face, wanting more, and wanting it rougher. But Steve placed on arm on the small of Tony’s back, holding him down. So Steve could probe Tony with both his tongue and fingers. Steve’s tongue teased Tony, rimming him before burying himself further into Tony. Steve added his middle finger all the way to the very last knuckle. Tony squirmed and moaned, rocking his hips so he could just feel some friction against his cock. But Steve was pinning him down too hard for Tony to move enough to get himself off.
’?” Another voice crackled through.
. Tony Stark was at his limit.
It seemed as if Tony was an autopilot, just doing what Rhodey and Pepper said. Rhodey went inside the bathroom and Tony heard the turn of a faucet and the roar of a bathtub filling up. Pepper gently sat Tony on the bed and ran her hands gently down his face.
she could see the non-existence smile on Fury’s lips face.
Bucky seemed to shrink more into himself. Tony wanted to feel empathetic, he
Was it worth all this?
” She squealed again, jumping up and down now. “The baby shoes! A
. Watched as the spells that sat on his wrist turned from orange to green.
. On a Thursday afternoon, as the city above him went on with their lives.
” The omega snapped, his spine snapping straight and his shoulders filled with anger before deflating and throwing Carol an apologizing look. Carol smiled at him, showing the omega she understood him.
Clint had even tried to get into Tony’s lab hoping something useful was in there but JARVIS had warned the beta that the lab was on lock down and no one could enter. The AI had almost encouraged them to try. Bucky suspects it was because it would give JARVIS reason to shoot at them. They didn’t attempt to break in.
It was a late breakfast but the sun was still beautiful this time of day. The kitchen table was near the biggest window in the kitchen area, it overlooked the lush green fields of fescue grass and whatever wild grass grew in Italy. Carol threw Tony a smile before digging into her food. Carol ate just as much, if not more, food than Steve ever did.
It wasn’t until Stephen had cleaned up after himself and left for New York that Carol turned to Tony and grinned like the Cheshire Cat.
“Danvers.” Stephen greeted.
Stephen wasn’t his and he wasn’t Stephen’s.
“I am the God of Fertility as well, little omega! I can sense the life within you. You and the Captain must be very proud.”
“Janet is her own person, Tony.” Steve had said one night in bed, Tony wrapped in blankets and cuddled in Steve’s lap. The toll of fighting with his friend was beginning to show on Tony’s 20 something face. The paling skin and dark circle under his eyes. “She can’t be forced into a pack, she has to want to join. Nobody should be forced into a bond they don’t want.”
“And if they start shooting?” Tony asked.
“It’s not a weakness.” Stephen offered, hoping he was saying the right things. The alpha felt Tony nodded against his chest in agreement, but still quiet.
“Doctor Strange.” was all the alpha said, a small smile on his lips.
“His pack?” Stephen asked, though he suspected that wouldn’t be an option either.
“Not all of them,” Tony said, looking out the window and watching the warm sun slowly rise. “My
Jan hugged the omega tighter. “You were never capable of cruelty.” Jan said, knowing why Tony was so torn. “I don’t know the answers. But I’m here, you’re not alone.” Jan whispered. Tony just buried his head into her shoulder and held her. He didn’t realize how much he needed to hear that. “Plus, I’m fully capable of cruelty. Especially if it’s petty.”
. She was clapping rapidly and hopping from one foot to the other, not being able to still herself even for a second.
“You taste good.” Tony said, rocking his hips against Steve’s with no shame. The laugh Steve let out was deep, and dangerous. Steve’s thumb traced Tony’s lips once more before presenting the tip of it against Tony's mouth. Tony wrapped his lips around it and licked.
Jan ran into the field of soft tall grass with no shoes and straight into Thor’s chest. The god caught her with ease and spun her around, a big cheerful smile on his face. Jan squealed in excitement and kissed his cheek.
. She only kissed the top of his head and smiled, saying she hopes Tony never sets foot in the house and that it rots. But if he ever needed it, it was there.
“So,” Jan started as she set the pan she found on the warm burner. “I hereby demote myself off the Avenger’s team effective immediately.” She said as she used a spatula to throw butter on the warm pan. This kitchen was well stocked, Pepper
Nick just rolled his eye and continued to navigate traffic. After several minutes of Carol knocking down Fury a couple pegs, she had read through the Avengers files. Interested in a task force on her own home planet. She did miss Earth. She had just gotten it back when she was forced to leave again. She wanted to be home again.
Natasha packed the last of her shirts into her only duffle bag. If HYDRA and being a spy had taught her anything it was how to pack light. She looked around the room that once felt like a home. That feeling left with Tony. Natasha shook her sadness as she zipped her bag. The tower was nothing but a haunted house to her.
“Mind if I tag along?” The alpha asked.
Jan reached up and touched her cheek, surprised to find it was wet. She noticed her hand second, it was shaking. Jan was worried for a brief second before realizing what was happening. Jan was surprised because
about Tony’s choice making.
, baby, you’ll forget about everything but me.” Steve said. Another hot wave of ecstasy flushed through Tony.
After that, Bucky could see the team deteriorating without their omega and Bucky was a piss poor substitute. A part of Bucky wonders if he should be hurt by how obviously Steve loved Tony. How Steve no longer had that spark in his eyes. They hadn’t had sex after Tony had caught them, not that that surprised the omega but Steve had stopped all intimate contact. The most he got out of Steve was conversation.
That’s not anyone’s fault, of course. But it was different. Steve thinks that’s why he fell into this
Tony was practically vibrating in his seat as they drove through the city. The
The Cloak had seemed to agree. It had been pulling against Strange, like it was trying to get to the omega. Strange simply just continued to follow and listen to the omega. He sat in a daze as Tony talked animatedly, gesturing with his hands and laughing at his own jokes.
Jan hummed and pursed her lips, deep in thought. “Steve keeps asking to see you, he cornered me this morning. He looks terrible.” Jan said, sticking her own hands in her pockets. “Services him right.”
, I want it deep and
A bit of doubt crept up in Tony, he had thought his pack would tell him and look where he is now. Tony shook it off, Jan was his oldest friend. They’d been terrorizing the elite class together since before they could walk. Plus, Jan was always telling Tony she didn't like Bucky. Tony had always found it odd, Bucky was nice to him and Jan, he was always just a little quiet. Tony knew now to always trust Jan’s instincts.
“That’s what I sensed entering Earth last night.” Stephen said, mostly to himself. Trying to figure out what was going on. Tony gave him a puzzled look, not knowing what to make of that statement.
“Christ.” Jan hissed as she barely dodged a laser from a ship. “JARVIS, patch me through to Rogers. We could use them on the ground to help civilians and a QuinJet to-” Jan didn’t finish her statement, a spaceship landed a laser hit right on hers left wing. Jan dropped out of the air, rushing toward the pavement that laid below them.
, we can blackmail later.”
Tony felt tears spill over and down his cheeks.
Tony Stark. Iron Man. But the fewer people that knew about the time stone the better. No need to advertise it. Strange works best in secret, from the shadows.
surviving
“Y-yes. I believe I can spare a couple of minutes.” The alpha said, following Tony to sit down.
coffee shop, they almost always had his order ready by the time he usually came for coffee runs. Every day since settling into his life as Supreme Sorcerer. Nothing ever happened in this coffee shop, that’s why Strange liked it. And here was
The knocking became more rapid. Jan walked over quickly but quietly and looked out the peak hole to see Steve Rogers himself looking both stoic and panicked. Jan saw red. How dare he knock on her door as if he had
.” She warned. Stephen held back a smile. He always liked Jan. Stephen nodded in agreement to her threat. “Tony divorced Steve yesterday. They signed the papers right before the invasion.”
Tony slid into one of the barstool seats at the island. Across from Jan and her assortment of vegetables. “Yeah, he’s really integrated himself nicely into the Avengers.” Tony casually praised. Jan didn’t even spare him a glance as she spun around and walked to the chrome sink to wash said vegetables.
.” Strange said with a hint of humor.
of explosive power. Behind it stood Strange and Iron Man, Strange holding out his hand.
Steve didn’t have the time to process Jan’s stinger being pointed in his face before she moved it slightly to his left and fired off a shot right beside his ear. Steve flinched to his right only to see Jan point at him again.
In Tony’s omega brain, a new pack was forming and the omega was
It meant
“Wormhole?” Rhodey said into the com. “Then aliens came though, that’s all we have. SHIELD is scrambling to figure out anything.”
, they were the heart of the pack.
It certainly was a 180 from his life as a successful surgeon. “Yeah.” Strange agreed, he took a sip from his own coffee cup. “I’m seeing what else is out there. My life, it didn’t turn out like I thought it was going.” Strange thought about his schoolboy days, how naive he was back then.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll find someone one day,” Bucky assured Clint.
Not that it mattered to Bucky but it did hurt. It felt wrong comforting Steve, it felt wrong making meals for a pack that was falling apart. But this was 50% his fault so he had to take responsibility. There wasn’t much to do other than that. Bucky didn’t bother reflecting on his own feelings on the subject, he didn’t think he could survive it.
“And it’ll feel so good.” Steve said, imagining Tony coming on his cock. Tony tugged at Steve’s cock one last time before moving to align himself with Steve. Tony slowly sank down, his moans getting louder the more Steve’s cock entered him. Until Tony was fully seated on Steve’s lap, shaking with pleasure. His back was arched, his hands grabbing his own shoulders. Steve couldn’t have painted a prettier image. Steve moved his hands so they grabbed Tony’s waist, just keeping him sat on his cock. Tony’s eyes were closed, trying to cut off all other senses because he was so overstimulated already that anymore and he just might
“At least you're loyal to one of us.” Tony twisted even more the said metaphorical knife. Before Steve could say anything, Tony slipped to his side and made his way to the waiting black car. Jan stayed as her friends made their way into the car. She held out the binder to Steve who scrunched his eyebrows in confusion.
Jan, in the end, was right and it never made her more sad.
, and we all know there is no going back. So let’s make this easy for everyone and sign the papers.” Tony said coldly and crisp, absolutely tired and just wanted to sleep.
Jan felt like she’s aged 10 years, the last 12 hours feeling like a bad dream. Jan always had her reservations about Steve and their pack. Steve was always so great to Tony, even when Jan was looking for a reason to not like Steve the first couple of months. And she knew Tony like she knew her inventoried closets. Tony’s love for Steve was pure and genuine and she thought Steve’s was too.
“Oh! Sure, against what?” Tony asked, still happy to let the alpha to cast his spells.
. And he hated that he was crying, Tony was so tired of crying. He just wanted to move on. Tony could sense Stephen stiffen at the found of Tony’s sniffling. The alpha unsure what to do. Tony could feel the blood rush to his cheeks in embarrassment. He was
“Second.” Rhodey said, Tony let out a sigh and sat next to Rhodey.
Now Tony was sitting in his lawn chair as he watched Jan attempt to open a portal like Stephen did so often and with such little effort. Jan held out her hand that held the sling ring and tried to imitate the motions that Stephen and Wong did when they opened a portal. Despite Jan’s best effort there was only the smallest hint of gold that sparked out before sizzling into nothing. Jan let out a groan and turned to alpha to glare at him.
as pack alpha to make sure bullshit like this doesn’t happen. What would you have done?” Natasha yelled. All ploys to keep cool gone, unchecked rage flowed out of her. Bucky could
They had been tasked at keeping Fury in the loop of their plan, on the condition he told absolutely no one. The alpha had agreed and asked for monthly updates on the regular. The original Avengers had not been looped in. The West Coast Avengers figured they were already playing dangerously with the timeline as it is. The more they could keep people unaware the better.
“I want everything that’s mine to never be in his reach, he can keep whatever but everything that’s
” The alpha sneered and for a split second Bucky felt fear run down his spine. “-decided to do this. You both had to know! There were only a limited amount of outcomes to your
“Strange? Marvel, you both are out big guns, stay on Tony,
“Is that why the ships came today?” Tony asked with a mouth full of dumplings. Carol’s demeanor changed from having fun to deadly serious as her eyes wandered to the omega.
“How?
give him soup. Tony walked over to set the soup on the right bedside table, knowing Steve would eventually see it.
“We’ve been protecting my homeland, and successfully!” Thor’s voice boomed.
And his and Christine’s relationship was none of Tony’s business. It didn’t matter that she was so god damn pretty, and smart and accomplished in a field that Stephen holds to a high esteem. And she was so good that there was no professional reason to turn down Stephen’s recommendation.
, sweetheart.” Steve said, his lips so close that Tony’s cock could feel Steve’s hot breath. “You’ll be
” Tony asked, frazzled and trying to process the new information. “So you have a magic flying cape and you’re a what, warlock?” Tony asked, frazzled as he and Stephen ran down the street and toward the wormhole that opened.
“This is so you.” Carol said as she flipped through the binder. They were in Fury’s car, driving through the wilds of New York, trying to make their way to the Triskelion. Carol had the Avengers Initiative binder, giving her the rundown of who is who. “
This was safe, just a chat. This couldn’t possibly lead to anything.
Stephen quickly stepped forward to reassure the omega. “No, no everything is going as well as I could have hoped for.” He said before looking at the omega then looking away. “I didn’t want to be too forward.” Stephen said slowly.
this, he loved
“I can talk to him.” Tony said, a hint of a smile on his face. Pepper and Rhodey looked at Tony with questions written all over his face. “We can talk to him, me and Jan.” Tony quickly said. “We knew him, in boarding school. Maybe we can convince him to join our super secret boy band.”
Tony looked tired and sad when Jan’s eyes found his face. Tony was visibly crying and Jan’s own eyes weren’t far behind. Jan dropped her stuff right there and then and slipped her coat off and let it slip on the floor before running to Tony and pulling him into her chest. Jan could feel Tony’s tears soak into her shirt, she just held on tighter as she cried with him.
It only took a couple of seconds after that before Bucky was on Steve again. This time Steve picked up Bucky with ease and took them to Bucky’s floor.
The apartment was wide and spacious. The walls were painted white with windows that made the room feel open and warm. Their furniture was a matching blue and black set. A long, blue, L shaped couch was set directly in front of the TV, a black couch seat to the left of that, and a two foot rests. There was a plant by every window and a long hallway that led to what Tony assumed was the bedroom. Food still in hand, Tony walked down the hall.
Tony found that it was a bakery down the street, the sweet scent of fresh bread seduced Tony’s nose, causing him to basically float down the street to the small building made of brick. Tony pushed into the bakery, bells clanging as he did. It was a small stone and wooden bakery, with red metal tables near the windows for people to sit at.
than happy to help. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulder to give him a side hug, and Tony melted against Steve’s side when he kissed his hair.
“She’s with Tony. Bruce tagged along with Thor this trip around.” Jan explained.
breaking up his pack.” Fury said, his eyebrow raised at Jan. Jan scoffed and crossed her arms against her chest. As if any of this was Tony’s fault. But Fury didn’t know that so Jan spared Fury her wrath.
Steve let out a low grown and moved his fingers to undo Tony’s tight jeans, harshly moving them down; taking them off along with Tony’s shoes and socks. Tony bit his lip, already grabbing at the sheets. He wanted to make Steve feel good, it was the only thing on his mind at this point. Steve surfaced within Tony’s line of vision. Steve’s pupils were blown, looking at Tony like he was a lonely gazelle in the Savannah and Steve was the lion hiding in the tall grass.  Steve wrapped both of his arms around Tony’s thigh so Tony couldn’t move his hips without Steve’s say so. Which Tony found unbelievably hot. Steve pulled Tony closer to the edge of the bed as Steve settled himself on his knees.
The noise spooked Tony back to reality. Jan had thrown her knife into the wood of the cutting board, it stuck up straight next to a half chopped tomato. She had an arm stretched across the island and a finger pointing at Tony.
Hello! I hope ya'll like this chapter I had a lot of fun writing it :)
Tony rubbed his belly happily. For the first time in a long time it felt like he was getting somewhere. Somewhere he
He grabbed Natasha  who was holding onto the knife in Bucky’s back with her life, knowing the more Steve pulled her the more it would hurt Bucky. Bucky ran toward the wall and slammed the window into it. Natasha let out a should and let go of the knife. Bucky backed up as fast as he could when he felt Natasha let go of him.
“Who would send empty ships?” Wasp asked. Carol could now hear something moving at high speed. She turned to see what looked like a suit of armor. It was all black with hints of grey.
Tony grumbled at Steve’s logic. Sure, Steve was right in a free will thinking way. “I guess, I just thought since I love you so much that Jan would too.”
Tell me how you liked the chapter!!!! I love you all!!!! I love all the comments thank you so much their always so kind <3 <3
Tony watched as the wizard began to float around and mumble things. An occasional beam of golden light outlined the whole property before seeping into whatever it was touching.
Tonight they were all going to bring blankets to the back deck and star gaze. Something he and Jan would do with Howard when they were children. Something Tony couldn’t wait to start with his own.
Steve thinks his therapist is nice. Nice enough to lie. Steve knew who he was, he was simply selfish. Maybe it was because as a small guy no one looked at him, no one listened to him. Rejected by most of society because he was small and useless. Everyone but his mom and Bucky. Steve knows that’s the main reason he couldn’t just let Bucky go. Because everyone that knew him now knew him as Captain America. Not Steve Rogers, an everyday person.
Jan arrived at her private hanger to see her jet already prepared. Before she boarded she checked the plan for any tracking device, knowing what Tony’s old pack would most likely do. To her surprise, she didn’t find any.
A fresh start for him and little Peter.
.” She said and watched as the others nodded in agreement. She let out another sign before running a hand through her hair. “His name is Thanos. He’s been on my radar for a long time. He goes to planets and kills half of all life. He thinks it’s the only way to solve issues like poverty, overpopulation, world hunger. I call it genocide.” Carol said with a deep sadness in her voice.
Tony looked at all of them, eyes wide and barely holding back tears. He
“Yes, the Mad Titan.” Thor said as he stroked his axe. “He has been causing chaos across the realms. My oracles tell me we are weaved into the Titans' fate as he is to ours.”
When Tony had looked down and saw the positive pregnancy test he had been ecstatic, so over flowed with joy he yelled. A baby. In some part of Tony’s brain, he still was, but it was being overpowered with the fact the father of his child doesn't love him. Didn’t keep his promise. If Tony wasn’t pregnant God knows how he would be coping right now. But he had to keep his joy in mind.
