She looked at him, the blank confusion and head tilt so reminiscent of the looks Cas used to give him that it almost hurt to look at her. “You don’t belong here.”
known it was his last chance to talk to him, he might’ve….
wake throughout his life. But mostly, he thought about Cas - about how
Dean had a sudden desire to mount a full scale assault on an ancient cosmic being for whatever shit it’d been doing to Cas, but held it back. There were more important things to worry about right now.
. “You’re really here.”
“It’s fine, Jack,” Cas said, laughing, which had to be one of the most beautiful noises Dean had heard in ages.”It’s always wonderful to see you.”
Sam rolled his eyes, but didn’t press it. “You’ve actually only been gone about a day, so there’s not much on my end, I’ve just been kinda busy mourning my
he loved Cas. He’d never been able to recognize it for what it was before, the sense of relief he felt whenever Cas returned from a long absence. But relief wasn’t quite the right word - it wasn’t just the disappearance of worry, but the
It’s the times when he’s alone, when there’s no one to put on a brave face for but himself, that are the hardest. He’s got a plan. He’s gonna get Cas back, rescue him from that awful place, whether it permanently kills him or not. Jack had talked about making some big improvements in heaven, so he could handle ending up there, as long as Cas is okay. But he can only focus on planning so much before the grief settles back in. He may have some kind of grim hope now, but goddamn every moment without Cas was like time
“Shut up,” Dean said, his face heating. Cas looked at him, a clear question in his eyes. Amazing how literally
He turned around, and there he was.
know. It’s possible he’d already found the spell and chosen to ignore it - and Dean couldn’t blame him for that, not really. But Rowena remembered it, and she understood. She wasn’t beholden to the same attachment to Dean as, say, Sam (“I’ve grown rather fond of you, lad, but I’m not about to start dictating what you can and cannot do,” she’d said), nor the rules Jack was somehow still stuck with. She provided information, and gave Dean the choice. An honorary member of team free will, giving him the choice to live with regret or die with hope. There was no question what he’d choose.
“No. You knew it was always gonna end like this for me. It was supposed to end like this, right?” He sort of hated himself in this moment, using such empty words on his brother, but self-loathing was hardly new. And Sammy would understand, when all of this was done. “I mean, look at us. Saving people, hunting things…it's what we do.”
“If I hadn’t, Billie -”
That left Dean speechless - there was a
As Jack told them about the ups and downs so far of fixing up Heaven, Dean looked around at his family: Sam, grinning as he attempted to sneak glances at him and Cas. Jack, talking about his heavenly renovation project with all the enthusiasm of a puppy. And Cas, his hand still entwined with Dean’s, gazing fondly at their son. And for the first time in his memory, Dean truly felt at peace.
Though it’s tempting to snap back at that dig, Cas keeps his voice even as he asks, “Did you bring it?”
“I’ve got the numbers, Cas,” he says. “This road is the deadliest in the county. It’s been around for 45 years, with 38 car crash fatalities. Add two sketchy disappearances, and you’ve got 40 people gone. About one per year. And what about the years we can’t account for — who’s to say someone else passing through, someone with no connections, no one to look for them, didn’t go poof, too.” Dean snaps his fingers and Cas jumps. “This highway is a death trap, and I’m starting to think it’s not just because it’s a high-speed, two-lane road.”
“He’s trying to set us up,” Lisa explains, gesturing between them with one hand as she gingerly steps over a log in the middle of the trail. “He told me this morning.”
He finishes clearing out the bad wood in under three hours. Destruction comes easy.
“You’re attached?” Cas asks, trying to keep his voice light and even. It still comes out a bit shaky.
He isn’t ready to go. Dean’s knee presses against his, and Cas thinks about doing something stupid.
“That’s all anyone can do.”
“Cas! Is this a bad time?” Sam’s tinny voice is loud, carrying into the room. “I was gonna ask if you wanted to go to the diner for breakfast, but you sound weird…”
Sam nods, clapping Dean on the back as he stands up from his chair to take their dishes to the sink. Dean watches him, that numbness settling into his chest again, taking root.
Cas sticks the map into the glove box, then folds his hands in his lap. Sam taps the pen against his teeth in thought.
, there’s no way to hide from this. Dean does the same.
When he sees it, all the air leaves his chest.
Dean shudders.
He can’t even think about the other stuff Olivia said. He doesn’t know what it means. He doesn’t want to know.
Dean bends down to examine the circle, the little bell in his pocket ringing as he jostles it. He puts a hand in his pocket to silence it, but the bell abruptly stops ringing on its own. Dean raises his head from the circle to look around, and his flashlight shorts out.
He dreams of the forest.
It’s Eileen who helps him reach the tipping point.
But he doesn’t need a heartfelt thank you. He doesn’t need Dean to look at him in awe, though he wants it enough to show off his wings. What Castiel does need is for this man to listen to him, to accept that he has a purpose. A purpose from Heaven, a destiny to fulfill. He’s a soldier in the war to come.
When they pull apart, though, he can’t help but search her face for answers.
Bobby is at the office with a tour group when they pull up, and he waves them through, toward the trailheads. Cas gives him a sheepish smile, a
At this point, Cas isn’t sure how long he’s been here, shackled to a chair in white-walled room deep within the British Men of Letters’ headquarters. Ketch left some time ago, taking his warded brass knuckles with him. The left side of Cas’s face still aches from the last hit the other man landed.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas mutters irritably, but the way he leans heavily against Dean’s side implies he’s just the opposite. “I need to see the bodies.”
When Dean leans back and asks, “Was that okay?” Cas just smiles.
Dean winces.
In the morning they ate breakfast at a local greasy spoon, and Cas sat on Dean’s side of the booth and stole pieces of bacon off his plate. Dean had felt a weight come off his chest until Sam said, “Okay, so this morning before you guys woke up I called any hunter I could think of in the area to see if they’d take this case. No dice.”
A younger Cas would have gone after the enemy regardless, left his sidekicks to their own devices, risked death over a retreat. Chuck rewarded that kind of behavior, trained it into all his sidekicks. “Cool Castiel,” he’d say in a rare moment of praise. “My relentless one.”
Sam knew it was over then, but from his spot on the floor, where he’d been waiting to die at Dean’s hand, he couldn’t manage to say anything, all his words, all rational thought, sucked out. He'd prepared himself to die for Dean, for the world. He was not ready to live without his brother. The mere thought left him hollow inside.
Then Cas presses his lips together, eyes watery and tired, and Dean feels instantly ashamed of himself. Cas has been hunted like an animal, and here Dean is feeling glad they haven’t found the one thing that can protect him, just because he wants Cas to stay. He’s an asshole.
She narrows her eyes at him. “Now you want to talk? I’ve been leaving notes for you for fucking weeks—” Gwen trails off, and they both stare at each other.
Dean, satisfied between his beach dreams and his stolen moments with the other Castiel, hasn’t attempted to wake in this world in weeks. If there was ever a time to get rid of Sam Winchester and heaven’s most troublesome angel, it’s now.
“Well,” he says, looking out over the dark yard, and he swears he sees a bolt of lightning, massive, fierce and bright, sparking across the sky in the distant west. “We do what we always do. We improvise.”
“I never died for him,” Dean says, and the weight is crushing him. “He never knew.”
Throwing his hands up in the air in frustration, Dean says, “Cas, I’m trying to be practical! Besides, you owe me an interrogation in more ways than one, so wouldn’t you rather I ask about this than about why you...”
“Yes.” Cas puts the menu away so he won’t tear it up anymore, smiling at the waitress who’s materialized to take their order. He gets an omelette, though he knows he won’t enjoy it. Once she’s gone, he continues, “He wants to make amends.”
“Hey,” he says softly. “I know it hurts, but I’ve gotta take care of this, okay? Otherwise it might get infected, and then you won’t heal.”
Sam looks up at her. She stares back at him, broken yet unflinching.
He clears the rooms on the first floor, nodding to Cas as he passes him to bound up the stairs. There’s nothing in any of the second floor rooms, either, except a pocket knife too dull to be of any use. He picks it up anyway, then makes his way back downstairs.
“I don’t have any questions,” Cas says, hurrying to assuage his fears. “I just wanted to tell you I’m glad you’re alright.”
“Why’d you do it?” Dean asks again.
look, and Cas insists, “No, no, listen. I used to work at park with a massive lake, and I was out doing boat patrol one afternoon when, for about ten to fifteen seconds, my boat got hit with these white, fleshy chunks falling from the sky.”
He tries to hold on to his anger at his own mother for the rest of the night, but he just can’t get the face of that crying woman out of his mind. In the morning, he goes downstairs and hugs his mother tight around her stomach. When she asks him what’s wrong, he can’t explain.
“No, I, shit...” Cas doesn’t try to save Dean from his stumbling, just sitting there, stock-still. The only movement Dean can see is in Cas’s hands, twisting just slightly in the ugly brown duvet.
“I’m worried about you.” Charlie rubs her Mark. “I’m worried about
“I’m glad. I’m rather ‘attached’ myself.” Cas leans in and kisses Dean — slow, lazy, soft. Dean has nice lips, and they fit perfectly on Cas’s. Their bodies gravitate toward one another until Cas is almost falling off his chair, hands braced on either side of Dean’s legs as Dean pulls him in with one hand on his lower back and one in his hair.
Like the most lovely broken record, Cas says, “Dean” again in that wonderful voice, and Dean kisses him hard.
Cas shakes his head and resumes his pacing. Good to know everyone is keeping secrets from him. Dean, Anna, and Balthazar. His own father has probably been keeping a secret that’s going to take them all down. Cas feels his Grace flaring like he’s a teenager with no control, and he takes a deep breath to try and steady himself.
“So Hannah Swift wasn’t the only drowning victim, right?”
“Still, I just — I knew  he wasn’t ready, and I asked him to smite Perkins. I shouldn’t have done that.” Dean's not quite ready to join the conversation around him just yet.
“Bobby,” Cas says softly, trying to stay out of earshot of Dean, who’s humming to the radio while he pieces the engine of the service truck back together. “
“You’re going to help me then,” Cas says confidently.
“He wasn’t supposed to die,” Claire says, voice cracking. “He didn’t even find a kind he liked yet.”
“Dean —”
Mary disappoints. She lets her sons down, she leaves them, she pretends that the more monsters she kills the lighter the burden of her legacy will be. She allowed a sadist to hurt their best friend, she took up a spot at the table of their enemies. She runs from her problems, runs from her boys. Fight or flight, and she chooses flight every time.
“I owe Cas dinner as well,” Bobby interrupts first. Dean looks blankly at him, and Bobby shrugs. “Maybe everyone could come over to my place tonight? I can grill something, and Dean, you can make me that pie you owe me.” Dean lets relief wash over him — Cas
Mary’s leaning back against the cracked vinyl booth, looking a little shell-shocked. “Okay,” she says, quietly. “Okay. Tell me everything.”
Normally Dean wouldn’t be able to picture Cas wanting sex at all. But the guy did sleep with that reaper, and he was smiling pretty warmly at Lisa. Following that thought, Dean lay awake and started to think about what Cas having sex might be like, what sort of noises he’d make, how he’d look with his hair all messed up, what his lips would look like, all swollen and kiss-bit, and before he could stop that train of thought Dean realized he’d been thinking of himself having sex with Cas.
“Who’s there?” a suspicious voice demands. “And do you have any idea the hour of night?”
“Love you, too,” he says easily. Claire taught him to always say it back, years ago. She smiles at him, and Cas smiles, too.
, Dean’s brain supplies, and he starts to feel that slight ache again, both in his head and his heart.
“It doesn’t sound like payment. It sounds like you use death and destruction to cause more death and destruction,” Cas says. He shakes in Dean’s arms, but his voice is firm. “You want me to come with you, so you can drain me for more trips into this world, to cause more pain? No. I will not go willingly.”
Again Richie’s head jerks back as he looks to the door. “Look, I didn’t mean to get caught. The cops don’t know, though, alright? I told them it was all for me; I don’t want to lose good business…”
Dean knows more about him than almost anyone, and they’ve only known each other for a few weeks. Terror wars with lust and affection, and Dean doesn’t give him the chance to let the terror win. He slips a hand under the waistband of Cas’s boxers and teases at the skin around his groin. Cas mouths at Dean’s neck, and Dean asks, “Are we doin’ this?” All Cas can do his nod, lips bumping against Dean’s skin. Then Dean grips Cas’s cock and starts to stroke.
The music from the string quartet on the bandstand swells in a way that feels appropriate as he walks toward the man. The thrum of the crowd noise abates as they part for him. Dick Roman calls out to him and Cas ignores him, single-minded in his goal. He comes to a stop right before the man.
save her from, and that’s too much for him to handle right now. “It should have been me who had to—” He can’t finish the sentence.
“However, those theories don’t work here,” Cas says, going into lecture mode, “because Highway 9 is the only major road running through this area, so we’re not seeing a reflection from another highway. I’ve poured over the county maps, and none of the lights from the county roads would be visible from our vantage point because we’re in a valley surrounded by light woods. Also, we saw the light both when no cars were present and when one appeared to drive right next to it.”
Jack didn’t put Cas in his head this time. Dean did this on his own, and he’s going to try and take the reprieve at face value instead of poking at it and watching it fall to pieces around him.
Cas raises his eyebrows, waiting for Bobby to continue. The old man sighs.
“I don’t understand,” Cas says. “Those are family heirlooms, practically. I don’t —”
. You’re done. You got what you wanted, and you can move on. I can’t.”
Smoke fills the room from top to bottom, and behind him another wall falls, sending a trembling shock through the heated wooden floor. Dean might try to shout. He does pass out, eyes fluttering closed as the smoke grows too dense to see beyond his outstretched hands.
“Well,” Ann Marie says, and Cas feels her irritated eyes on him, “I have a meeting with some of your father’s clients in thirty minutes. Jason, you’re going to have to take your sister to practice before school.”
, but it works — pulls him into the hall shower. It’s a tight fit, but that simply presses them closer together, skin on skin.
Cas clears his throat awkwardly before speaking again.
“No, Cas, look at you!” Dean glares pointedly at Cas’s feet, then turns his ire back on Joshua. “Lucifer tortured him, and you’re seriously asking him to go another round?”
Mary isn’t in the bunker when Cas wakes up.
“So we’re giving up on all the scientific theories already, huh?” Dean almost wishes Cas would keep insisting there’s bog gas at play. “We’re going straight for ghost light, do not pass go, do not collect $200?”
Human and alone. Again.
“Let’s get some rest. We could all use some cooling off time.” She’s shutting down her tablet, ignoring Balthazar as he slinks away and speaking to Cas. “I’ll keep looking into Hellfire. Cas, you’ve got to do something about Roman. Direct action is the only option we have left now. He knows you’re after him.”
“What the fuck?” he repeats, louder and angrier.
“But I saw him, Cas,” Dean says. “I saw the look on his face. I recognized it. As soon as he knew he’d lost her, he was gone.”
“That generator breaks once every couple of years, and this is always the brand I’ve used to fix it,” Bobby protests. “It’s $300 cheaper!”
Why the fuck this is supposed to matter to him is lost on Dean.
“I’m —“ Dean starts at a particularly good slide of Cas’s dick against his own, groans.
Dean squeezes Cas’s arm, opening his mouth and closing it, swallowing. The vein along his neck stands out sharply against the smoothness of his throat as he struggles to find his voice, and Cas is reminded vividly of how his neck looked, veins popped and red and bruised, hanging from that tree.
“Not his fault,” Bobby says, as if it’s that easy. Cas wishes it were that easy.
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice sounds rougher than usual. “I’ve got a piece to finish writing.”
“Dean,” Cas repeats, pleading, and a tidal wave of longing slams Michael down, down, down.
Dean picks a spot of peeling wood-grain paneling on the back wall between the beds that suddenly he just can’t take his eyes off of, like it’s the most interesting thing he’s ever seen in a motel room (It’s not. Dean’s seen a lot of things in motel rooms.
. He can’t help but laugh as he runs a hand through Cas’s damp hair, waiting for him to come down from the high. Of course Dean ended up being the one covered in bodily fluids. He’s gonna have to take another fucking shower.
He reaches up to squeeze Cas’s knee affectionately.
With unnerving speed and accuracy, Dean drops his plastic spoon and grabs Cas’s arm, pulling it toward his chest. Caught off balance, Cas follows the motion to the edge of his seat, his torso pressed against the sheets as Dean writes N-O.
“No!” Sam says quickly, and Cas flinches slightly. “No, no, Cas, I... I can’t believe you found this. I don’t know what to say, it’s just... Yes, yes, I want it, of course I want it!”
“Dean, please! If you can hear me —”
“Did we hurt you?” Sam asks, and Cas narrows his eyes. “Physically, I mean? Is that why you didn’t want Dean to touch you?”
“Grigori,” Sam says. He remembers Amelia Novak, pale and thin, dying in her daughter’s arms.
Dean wakes late with Cas wrapped around him, and he carefully burrows his nose into Cas’s hair. This is the life. This is what he wants — to sleep soundly at night, to have Cas fuck him into the mattress, to wake up curled together, to see each other every damn day. He’s determined it’s what he’s going to get.
“No,” she says, in barely a whisper. “I can’t, and I won’t. You are strong, Castiel. You will survive this. You could be happy here, eventually.”
“The hell spawn gave us a spell,” Dean says, still sounding choked. “He said it would bring you back, and I... God, I begged and begged him for it. It took so long, I didn’t think you would ever...”
Cas missteps as Zorro finishes his rant, catching the edge of Zorro’s dress shoes — which, now that he looks down, he can see are scuffed at the edges. “You do realize,” he says, looking back up into Zorro’s inscrutable eyes, “that I am technically a Shurley?”
Dean looks at her hand and back at her.
“I know.” Dean plays with his butter knife, absent-mindedly twirling it around in one hand. Mary wonders if he even realizes he’s doing it. “Cas and Sam told me everything. I know you’re sorry.”
“Binah,” he says in a level tone, “calm down and heal yourself.” Then he turns to Dean, still on the ground, groggily trying to crawl backwards on his hands and heels to get away from the immediate threat. “I’m so
“It’s not your fault,” Cas says quietly. He stops rubbing and holds Dean’s hands between both of his, kneeling in between Dean’s legs on the floor as Dean sits on the edge of the tub. “It’s not Jody’s, either. He was a mild man for most of the interrogation; you had no reason to suspect he’d do what he did.”
The brothers stare at each for several seconds. Dean's positive Sam read the challenge in that question for what it was.
“Halo ran them out.” Cas shakes his head, agitated. “And we’ll do it again. The Trinity is permanently disbanded. I’ll handle this myself.”
All Dean can think to say is, “What?”
“I see.” Cas doesn’t do a great job of hiding his disappointment.
“Dean,” Sam says quietly. “He’s going to be fine. This isn’t the first time he’s been human. I know things are different between you guys now, but —”
It will never not punch Dean in the gut to hear Cas try to validate even his worst moments, and suddenly Dean is sure that not only does he not carry any anger whatsoever toward Cas for that whole Purgatory-opening mess anymore, but he also knows he has to make sure Cas understands that. That Dean knows better about a lot of things now, and one of those things is that he’s aware that Cas has always had a good heart, even when he fucks up.
It’s only a remnant. But he still feels Jack’s presence.
Leahy pauses. “I— I don’t know how to tell him,” she confesses. “He’s barely speaking to me, and he’s already so upset they were gone. Cas, will you go with me when I talk to him?”
“Dean.” Cas’s eyes refocus, this time looking at Dean’s face. “Dean, you — You still have some of my grace in you.”
He’s halfway back to the manor when he gets three texts from Claire in rapid succession.
“Yes.”
“There is a third choice,” Lucifer said, “though I prefer it the least.”
She so rarely asks permission for anything it takes Cas aback. “Of course.”
And for the second time today, Cas is hung up on.
When she needs him, Police Commissioner Jody Mills sends a signal into the sky. Tonight it flares high above downtown Purgatory, a ring of light in the dark and the mist. A halo.
Lisa had interrupted them to gather breakfast orders, saying she planned to return to the motel and pack but she’d be back with food. She instructed the men to stay where they were, saying “Don’t be creepy and weird about it, but make sure Ben doesn’t head off alone.”
There are two beaten up lawn chairs folded and tucked away behind a tree hanging over the bank, and Gwen pulls them out and sets them up in the dirt.
He takes his meal and throws it away, plate and all. He's not hungry. How could he even begin to eat, knowing what he kept from Cas — what he kept from both of them?
Cas inches toward the door, but Donna says, “I know! I’ve been completely honest with him every step of the way. I let my ex hold me back, and I’m not doing that this time around, no sir.”
“We’re not splitting up,” he'd said, jaw twitching. “Not when we don’t know how many of these fuckers we’re dealing with.”
Balthazar scoffs again, more violently this time, and turns on his heel to walk out. Over his shoulder he calls, “Old times fucking sucked, Cassie. You of all people know that.”
“Now hold on —”
she signs slowly.
Samuel cocks his gun and levels it at Dean’s chest.
Mary had innocently asked Castiel why he loved humans so much more than the other angels, only intending to subtly say that now she understands he’s very different from the majority of his brethren, but Castiel launched into a speech on angelic politics that’s continued for at least ten minutes. She has him on speaker, staring hopelessly at Sam, who grins and gives her a thumbs up.
“What? What is it?”
“Gumby?” Cas asks, and Dean glances over at him and shrugs. “I didn’t know they played that anymore.”
If this is where they start, that’s fine with Cas.
Why didn’t they notice the squeak of his shoes as he walked away? It’s a question John and Mary have asked themselves repeatedly over the last 25 years. Was Sam crying at that moment? Was the music in the store too loud? Were they fighting?
“You lied to me,” he says flatly. “For him.”
“Look,” he says, unsure how to explain his gut feeling that James
“Is this some kind of joke?” That voice is a lot deeper than Dean expected it to be, and yet it immediately fits the man perfectly. He sounds almost wounded, which Dean doesn’t understand.
Cas huffs, irritated, but he turns away and begins to disrobe, letting his blood soaked clothes fall to the bathroom tiles. Dean watches, itching to pick up after him and distracted at the same time by the play of Cas’s muscles as he pulls off his button-down, tugs at his belt. His knuckles have blood in the creases, and Dean loves his hands. He loves a lot of things about Cas, actually, but never imagined those feelings were returned until about three hours ago.
Cas’s mouth dries. He plays dumb. “Reidy?”
When John Winchester was otherwise preoccupied — organizing his weapons, hunting monsters he deemed “too much” for Dean, scribbling furiously in his journal — or when he’d just up and vanished, Dean would walk the streets of whatever podunk town they’d stopped in looking for the dirtiest dive he could find. The grungier, the better. The kind of place where no one checked IDs or batted an eyelash at a scrawny teeanger with an attitude problem. The kind where drunks would stumble over themselves to be hustled in pool and no one would dare call the fucking cops, even when the fists inevitably came out. The kind where, as he got older, Dean could flash a smile at anyone pretty — male, female, who cares — and they’d smile back, desperate to get out of there and looking for the same goddamn thing as him. An escape.
“Dean, whether you can talk or not changes nothing about who you are.”
“Yes,” Dean says again, speaking to the dampened cave wall. “You’re a good person. A better person than him. I thought—” He rubs a hand through his hair, leaving a streak of dirt on his forehead. “I thought you’d be a carbon copy of Chuck, and I was wrong. It made this a hell of a lot harder.”
The master bedroom is dark, the curtains on the windows drawn. Dean makes out the big bed against the far wall, a cluttered dresser, some clothes in a hamper next to the door. A digital alarm clock on the nightstand next to the bed reads 6:43. That’s later than Dean expected it to be.
He just nods, brushing by her to the booth, where he sits until she’s done, his eyes following her as she works instead of reading menu items. At least when she comes to the table he’ll have the excuse of needing to pick a meal and won’t have to look at her directly for too long.
Cas is dripping wet, his hair matted to his forehead and rain falling from his coat to the floor, making little puddles in the entryway. When he looks up, his eyes are red.
He wonders what Dean thought, when he stood on shaky legs in this clearing nearly four decades ago, stunned and filthy and traumatized but alive.
and not caring he’d condemn Cas to living alone for the rest of his life.
He decides not to stop in Billings — after all, he helped create the mountains in the Lolo National Forest several millennia ago, and he knows from the map on his phone that they’re only a few hours drive away. It’d be nice to see them again. It’s been so long.
Instead, he slams both hands out with a snarl, and his Grace rips through the corridor at chest height, breaking vases and mirrors and scattering more shards over Dean, who has to duck his head under his arms to keep his face safe. Cas slams his foot down, and another wave moves through the floor. Dean just manages to stop it with his own counter-wave, and Cas starts to run toward him.
“Your city already has a vigilante. Halo.” The mechanical voice manages to sound dismissive, and Cas’s fists clench at his side. “He has protected you, too — protected you by doing his best to stay within the confines of a certain world order; by leaving you alone while he goes after those he deems more dangerous to order and society. But I don’t discriminate. I’m here to take you all down, and I won’t let even Halo stop me.”
Dean sighs, low and long, slumping over a little on the bed across from Cas.
“He did respond to me. He said, and I quote, ‘I just need a bit of time alone.’ Also, Dean, I’m not convinced that this is a vampire case...”
“Good.” Cas sounds choked up. “That’s— good.”
“You don’t have to stay, you know,” he says, and Cas says, “But you want me to.” Dean relaxes against him, the same way he does every time Cas gets it, knows what he needs without Dean having to say the words. It’s such a relief to be together like this, to fall together without even trying.
“Say yes?” Dean interrupts, leaning forward. He looks over at Cas, whose expression of understanding and fear mirrors his own. “Say yes to what?”
. There’s nothing between them anymore — well, nothing other than a demented leprechaun and a cursed highway, no big deal — and tonight should be the night they celebrate being alive by
it read.
They stand, barely a foot apart in the crowded room, and shake hands. Cas holds hers for a beat too long, says, “And Jo — if he comes back, can you give a call on the number I left?” She nods. “And don’t mention that I came by, or that you’ve heard anything about Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas starts, but Dean just shakes his head and brushes past him into the house, not even looking Cas in the eyes.
“Yes, I know
He throws the Volvo into drive.
“Cas,” Donna says, voice low, “I’ve been keeping an eye on him for two days now. He shies away from touch, won’t speak even though the doctors say he can. He’s got this look in his eyes sometimes, where they keep darting to the door all wild-like.”
Sam’s tried to call Dean’s cell at least ten times in the past six hours, and Dean just isn’t answering.
Well, he kind of deserved it.
“No?” Dean repeats.
, Dean thinks.
Dean blinks at his brother, trying to process all that. He’s not used to Sam worrying about him so openly now that he spends all his time with Eileen. It’s kind of touching, in a way, though Dean knows he should feel bad for making Sam stress over him. But the other thing...
Sam aims his gun at Perkins, but it won’t do any good. The shotguns loaded with rock salt are still in the trunk of the Impala. None of them planned to be on the trail past sunset. They were all too worried about Ben to think this through, to act like the professionals they are.
“How is he, though?” Dean asks, before he can lose the courage to do so. “Still a baseball stud?”
That’s when the drinking, and maybe some illicit substance consumption, started.
Cas takes a deep breath. “I don’t know.”
“What if I take you to her after we see the cars?”
When Eileen comes, she signs “sorry” to Dean as they lead Mama away in handcuffs. Cas holds his hand. Mama sees it. She smiles sadly at him, and all Dean can say is, “I’ll testify for you. I’ll get you out. I’ll do whatever it takes.”
“All right, I’ll forgive you if that’s what you want.” Cas gives him a weak smile. “I’ll see you tonight?”
He relays the most important information — man found hanging, multiple tracks leading to and away from the scene, law enforcement unable to track them past the creek running down the mountain — and pauses before he writes out the formal request to end the email.
“I don’t give a rat’s ass! You’ve saved all of them from some pretty terrible assholes, multiple times! Lucifer, Michael, Raphael, Naomi, Metatron... You’ve fought for them in every fucking war... You should be their goddamn hero! Nothing...” Dean grabs his shoulders and shakes him, and Cas finally looks at him. “Nothing you have done justifies this Cas, do you understand me?”
“He’s been here for days,” Sam says, and Cas nods because he’s woken enough times to the sight of Dean lying rumpled in the chair next to his bed to tell that Dean never really leaves his side. “Are you healing okay?”
Cas knows no matter what happens with Dean, he’s already made a choice here and now — Dean is worth more to him than this. More than Sam, more than North Cove or South Bend or the house. He’d walk out on it all simply to have more time to work things through with Dean, forgiveness or not.
“Shhh,” Cas soothes, setting her down on her feet as gently as he can once they’re in the foyer. “You did your best. Listen to me, Claire—” Her blue eyes are teary as she focuses on his. “I have to go back and find Jack.”
“And he doesn’t care.” She huffs a laugh. “It’s almost admirable. To be honest, Cas, I think it’s a good thing he came along. He kicked us into gear in any case.”
— and he picks himself up and scrambles out through the broken window, unmindful of the glass shards poking into his palms.
That sounds ominous. Cas is afraid to ask, but Dean keeps talking, tongue loose now that Bobby and Garth are gone. “The older I got, the stricter his rules became. Some of the people who’d joined for the survivalist bullshit started to feel caged in. They were leaving, and my dad hated that. He’d gotten his own little town up and running in the mountains, but it needed a certain number of people to stay afloat. He decided we needed to recruit.”
Dean doesn’t say anything. His lips are pressed tightly together, his forehead creased. Cas soldiers on.
look, but she says, “Yeah, though I don’t know how long that’ll last if I get that job back home.” Cas had no idea she’d applied for a job in Minnesota, but he nods along as if he’s caught up on the local gossip. “I told him he could always move with me — he’s from up North, too, so it’s not like he’s not used to the cold — but he keeps hemming and hawing about it. And I told him, I said, ‘Doug. I am not giving up my dream job for you.’ He might have resented that. Do you think he resented that?”
“What am I missing?” Dean asks the wall, and he doesn’t know if he’s talking to himself or his ghost.
Happy Holidays?
And for the first time in his life, Cas stands up to his father — by shooting a flaming blue ball of Grace directly at his head.
“I bet Death’s not a foodie.” Dean points to the iPod. “How did that stack up?”
“Right there,” he murmurs, tapping Cas’s hip until he moves a little to the left. His dick slides right against Dean’s and they both groan. “Yeah, yeah. Like that.” He gasps the words out, breath uneven from arousal and the weight of Cas on top of him, pushing into his stomach. There won’t be a lot of filthy bedroom talk from Dean tonight, and there’s never much from Cas, but it doesn’t really matter.
“Since when has there been a road there?” Bobby asks with a snort. “I was up that way not a year ago, droppin’ by the Roadhouse, and I’ve never seen another road.”
“The fucking—” Dean pushes up, shoves past Cas and into the house. Cas follows, leaving the overturned cooler on the porch. “The dogs, I can’t—” Cas, understanding, closes the door behind him, blocking out the hound’s howls.
Mary blinks, taken aback. “I —” she starts to say, then finishes, “What?” Her voice shakes.
Chuck leans forward, his robe falling open to reveal his skinny, hallowed chest. “You came out better than me, I’d say.”
If you made it to the end, thank you so much for reading!
Dean's back.
— must be going out of her mind. “Is John there? You should both hear this. Sam and Adam, too, if they’re around.”
“Only if you want me to.”
He remembers what Balthazar said,
“This is interesting,” the demon with the scar says. “He didn’t ever say much about the wife. What I want to know is will you pick her over your brother, Sam? If I tell you I’ll kill her if you don’t give me Dean’s location, will you let her die?”
“Is that what Gabriel said to you?” he asks, choked.
Cas thought he couldn’t blush any harder. He was wrong. Claire actually smiles — a closed-lipped, tight smile, but a smile nonetheless. “Touché, old man.”
The ghost of Andrew can’t come back to haunt them, but the house is haunted nonetheless — haunted by the words Cas screamed at Dean the night the demon came.
Talk about the worst timing in the world.
“But?”
“Cas,” Dean starts, “I’m—”
, Cas tries to tell himself.
The corner of Dean’s mouth edges up, so Cas continues, “I once found, and I kid you not, a tower, made entirely of dirt and animal feces, stacked up ten feet high. Right off a trail. Completely man-made, and no reason for it whatsoever. It collapsed while we were inspecting it, and my partner at the time caught a face full of cow dung.”
Cas reaches out to take the map from Sam, who searches through the glove box for a notepad and pen. He takes the cap off the pen with his teeth and starts writing something down, still listening to the woman on the line.
“Dean.”
“Thank you,” a voice says from off to the right, and Dean and Cas jump, Dean dragging Cas toward him. Wayne Whittaker tilts his head, an unearthly glow beneath his skin illuminating his amused expression. “My people do craft wondrous things using your realm’s natural gifts, a talent few humans have ever learned. This is not mine, unfortunately. Your people destroyed mine.”
Dean jolts awake. He’s sweating, sheets soaked around him, and his eyes ache from crying in his sleep.
“He’d be good at that. He used to help me work on my car. He’s got a knack for fixing things.”
Cas doesn’t speak, listening to the ruffling noises of Dean walking somewhere, a heavy door slamming shut. There’s an echo around Dean, like he’s in some back stairwell at the news station, when he says, “Okay, sorry. You’ve reached Dean Smith.”
“Hello?” Cas is groggy, only half awake as he answers his phone, rolling over to avoid an irritated swat from Gracie. He checks his bedside alarm clock. 5:22. Almost time to get up anyway.
“Hey,” Sam says quietly. “We’re all here. We’re good. We’re safe. We’re together. That’s what you want, right?”
There’s Ben, who Dean is still worried about, although he logically knows the kid is far enough away to be safe.
, would be much appreciated.”
“You don’t mean that.”
“I’m not usually,” Cas confesses. “I happened upon this place once, and no one acted like they knew who I was. That’s a rarity. So I kept coming back.”
There’s a self-contained hospital room in Headquarters, and Jack sleeps there. Cas stands in the doorway watching his nephew’s chest rise and fall. His face is smooth in sleep. Peaceful. The Shurley family doctor has been and gone, leaving an IV dripping drugs into Jack’s veins.
Sam, realizing they’re talking on two different levels, says softly, “Dean, that’s not—”
Sam is surprised to almost immediately hear the beating of wings and to feel the soft gust of wind that blows through the room. Joshua stands by the door, head cocked a little to one side as he appraises Dean. It must be an angel thing.
He can’t.
“I can’t do this.”
“You make the best deals here.” Whittaker grins, and his teeth are pointed, where before they were normal. He looks more otherworldly by the minute. “I give you good crops or help you craft beautiful shoes, etcetera, you give me your firstborn to be raised in the land of my people — we have a shortage of children, see. It’s an excellent business. But when a deal is broken — when I don’t get a firstborn child, when my rings are not protected — I take my payment in blood. When you continue to trample upon the ruins of the broken agreement, I take your guilty to be judged.”
“Charlie’s identified several weaknesses in your security system, y’know. She could send a spreadsheet to Anna if you wanted.”
Cas’s wings are ruined. He has to face everything head on now. Just like a real boy, as Dean would say.
“We’re just getting started,” Dean assures him, and he goes back in for another kiss. This time, there’s definitely tongue.
Dean looks at Novak — James — now back to brushing his teeth, pointedly staring at the mirror directly in front of him. Dean cautiously sets the toothpaste down on James’ sink.
He watches the burnt flakes drift down the disposal and wishes that Cas would at least text him back.
“I figured. But it’s always a little more intense when it’s somebody you might be able to save. I just don’t want you to blame yourself if he goes sideways in there.” Jody nods her head toward the closed doors to the ER. “You did the best you could.”
“What the hell?!” Ben yells as Sam rushes forward to pull him up from the ground. Cas retrieves the blade, then quickly presses two fingers to Ben’s forehead. The boy is healed immediately. There’s no sense in any pretense now. “What.... What was that?! What did you just do to me?! What is happening?!”
“Nah.” Dean seems to have regained some of his lost dignity and veered back into cocky territory. It’s a defense mechanism, Cas realizes. “Only the really hot ones.”
And Cas finds himself slowing down, moving his hips like rippling water rather than an overwhelming tide. Dean wraps his legs around Cas’s back, pulls Cas in. They kiss, and this time neither of them act like they only want it rough.
Eileen sighs, rubbing a hand over her red eyes.
For some reason he’s suddenly nervous, afraid to hear what Cas has to say. What if he misjudged Cas? What if he knew Dean before but they hated each other? What if he never knew Dean at all, and this bond Dean feels with him is one-sided, all in Dean’s head just like everything else?
Joshua sighs.
“How can it mean anything?” Dean fists clench at his side. “You’re still keeping shit from me. I can trust you with the light, yeah, but I can’t trust you with anything else. You always run off without an explanation. It’s what you do!”
He stands in the street, just close enough to the edge to avoid passing vehicles, and looks at his contacts list. He can’t talk to the Winchester brothers, and Mary Winchester is still an unknown quantity to him, an enigma who smiles warmly at her sons but looks at Cas with a strangely appraising gaze. Cas can’t tell this woman he barely knows that he’s equal parts in love and infuriated with her eldest son, because he can barely acknowledge the former fact to himself. He could call her under the guise of requesting help on the case that brought them here, something Dean is sure is “obviously lazy vamps,” and then explain that he and Dean are fighting in the vaguest of terms. But Mary’s on a vacation of sorts, staying with a physic friend of the family in Lawrence, and Cas can’t bring himself to disturb her with such flimsy misdirection.
Dean grunts.
. That’s how you know he truly likes you.”
“Look, my name is Dean Winchester. I met Claire a few years ago on a hunt. She’s a hunter now, by the way. I guess you know what that is because you’re here. Uh, anyway, she thinks you’re dead and I just...” The man hasn’t moved except to cross his arms over his chest. If he was going for intimidating, he’s missed the mark. It looks more like he’s hugging himself. “Can you just tell me if I have the right guy?”
Dean sees Cas’s fear, naked before him for the first time, and the feeling of almost losing Cas to the light crushes him.
“Peachy.” His grin is too wide. For such an excellent spy, he’s a fucking terrible liar. “Package ready?”
“We can discuss this. I mean Heaven no harm.”
“You shouldn’t be here.” Cas stumbles in his haste to back away from Michael’s advance, catching himself with the tips of his fingers before he hits the floor. “Leave!”
“Agent Harry,” Ben says, before Dean or Lisa can speak. “I just want to say thanks for saving me. And please tell the other guys thanks, too, especially Cas. I mean, if you guys hadn’t been there...” He looks away for a beat, as if seeing the worst possible outcome, but then his eyes are right back on Dean. For a second Dean can see him as the little kid he rescued from changelings, scared but determined not to be. “I just... This is a lot to process, but I’m really grateful.”
“Oh, so now you’d like to disparage my mother.”
Seeing Dean’s discomfort, they end their shopping spree after the first two stores. Dean wanders the mall concourse with wide eyes, though Cas notices how he seems to scope out every direction before moving around the kiosks in the middle of the aisle. It’s almost as if Dean’s never seen a mall before, never been accosted to buy a cheap watch or been bombarded by the scent of dozens of perfumes and colognes. Cas buys them both pretzels from Auntie Annie’s, and the noise Dean makes upon his first bite is unholy. Cas hides his grin behind his own pretzel.
“Ah, so you’re finally going through with it.”
“Well, you didn’t call.”
“I told you I’d take care of you,” Dean says softly, and Cas’s eyes widen. “I told you you’d be safe.” They look at each other, not so far apart, and Cas looks like he did that night, wary and scared. And Dean
Blood is also dried and congealed in a large spot on the dining room table. He touches the spot, confused.
Cas almost blurts out, “No!” Thankfully Claire saves him from massive embarrassment by clearing her throat.
Cas actually kind of smiles.
Dean’s still giving him that look, considering and bordering on kind. It makes Cas uncomfortable. Their relationship is meant to be antagonistic, he thinks. “What?” he asks, and Dean says seriously, “You love her a lot.”
. Cas isn’t worth another nine months of loneliness, self-loathing and misery. He decided Dean wasn’t good enough the moment someone of his caliber spotted them together, and he ran. He’s earned no second chances.
Sam looks back at the way they came and then asks Ben how far he walked before he got hurt. Ben bites his lip in pain as he looks both ways down the trail. Cas thinks of a much younger Ben, showing Dean the scar from an old arm injury to prove how tough he was, with Cas standing there a few feet away, invisible and aching. He hopes this Ben, the older Ben, can put on a similar tough front.
Dean is silent for a while, considering. He says, “Rich people can have bad shit happen to them, too. No kid should be afraid their parents will abandon them with nothing. Your dad sounds like a total asshole.”
Andrew turns back to the bed, making a shooing motion behind his back. Sam and Eileen leave the room, pulling a reluctant Dean behind them. As Sam yanks him out the door, Dean gets one last look at Cas’s bloody face and shudders, thinking
“What I missed most, though,” Cas adds, when Dean’s sniffling slows, “was the feeling I had when I first realized all my potential as a human to be a more steady companion to you. As an angel I always got pulled away, or felt I needed to fulfill some sense of duty to Heaven. As a human I only wanted to get to you and Sam.”
“Uncle Cas,” the boy’s voice says, “sleep, okay?”
“But Mom is family to me,” he continues, softer. “I want her to be family to you. But you, you always do this. You put people on pedestals and when they show the first sign of a weakness or they make a bad decision you yank it out from under them and then act like it’s their fault when they fall to the ground. She’s not Mother Mary, perfect pie baker and loving housewife, she’s just... a Winchester.”
“Hello, Dean.”
But Dean knows Gwen needs to hope for a better life for all of them. And he knows how paralyzing the loss of that hope can be. So he lets her dream, like they’re kids again and pretending they’ll go to college. Dean lets Gwen dream, and he sinks deeper into nothingness.
Cas is a saint, and Dean doesn’t deserve him.
Sam tells Dean he needs to be more patient.
The light vanishes. All sound ceases — the car isn’t running, the radio is off, Dean can’t even hear his own heavy breathing — then, with, no prompting, the engine roars back to life, Bob Seger plays on the radio, and Dean hears someone groaning.
Jo calls out to Ash as she turns, “Hey, start taking orders!” and she walks so quickly toward the back end of the bar Cas has to almost jog to catch up with her. She removes a key from her cleavage as she reaches a dark door in the corner, and Cas’s eyes dart to find somewhere else to settle. Jo snorts, but she says nothing, unlocking the door and gesturing for Cas to go in ahead of her.
Dean feels Cas’s eyes on him, but he refuses to look back at him.
“Are you gonna get that?” Dean asks, and it comes out scratchy and pathetic.
“I can,” Death said. “But why should I? Sam should be dead several times over by now. It’s more practical to rid the world of you both in one fell swoop.”
Cas pulls his Grace to his fingertips as he braces against the fence, wincing at the initial shock until it fades into an almost pleasant buzzing. Grace is handy for dulling pain, though its scope is not infinite. He pushes his legs away from the fence in a push-up stance and tells Claire to hurry. She uses the back of one knee as her first stepping point, hands on his shoulders to climb up his back. Carefully balancing on his shoulders to keep away from the fence, she pulls the wire cutters from her utility belt and gets to work.
“What’s going on?” Eileen asks, but Sam can’t answer her, too busy trying to understand what Dean’s saying.
“The FBI?” Sam asks, incredulous.
“What!” Ann Marie slams her hand down on the counter, and everyone jumps, even Cas. “Cassandra Lynn Winchester, you better have broken something with all that squealing you’re doing!”
He’ll go back to the motel, too, eventually. He’ll turn back the scratchy sheets and crawl into bed alone to attempt to rest while his grace repairs itself, he’ll listen to Sam snore from across the room, he’ll watch Dean shuffle on the floor, pretending like he’s comfortable and asleep.
“Hey, Mom.” Sam smiles at her, genuine and happy. “Cas wanted to come, but his grace extraction process just ended yesterday so he’s still kind of groggy.”
Dean leans a little closer to him, brushing his thigh against Cas's knee. Cas is tense as a coiled spring, the way he gets before he charges into a fight — but this anticipatory tension is much, much better. “I dunno, man,” Dean says, and his eyes are on Cas’s mouth. “I thought you were pretty hot. That’s proven true.” And he leans in.
out of their stupid PTO!”
That migraine is back and building. Dean closes his eyes, just for a second, to try to clear his head. When he opens them, he can barely see the road for the rain. He starts to slow the car.
“He needs to grow up like a normal kid,” he hears Mama say. “We’ve already moved him so much—”
is behind this and not some nefarious
Mary had spent her days watching over Sam with an overprotective zeal and her nights scouring newspapers and then the internet for any sign of her long-lost son. After John’s stint in rehab and the introduction of Adam into their family, her priorities changed.
That really shouldn’t bother Dean, yet it kind of does.
to breathe.
“What are you doing,” he says, rather than asks, when Dean ungracefully plops down next to him.
Dagon leans down to whisper in the ear Dean’s not holding with his hand, and Cas wants to jump out of his skin. “Then we’ll kill him, too.”
“I know,” Cas says. “If it helps, the only time I’ve spoken to him since I found out was the night I got sick in Winston and was forced to stay with him. In a way, he acted exactly like Daphne’s family — he didn’t like you for whatever reason, so he took matters into his own hands and insinuated himself into a situation where he didn’t belong, all under the guise of protecting me. The irony is I’ll never forgive him for it.”
Dean comes to the park station with Cas every day now, and Cas knows that Bobby is paying him, under the table and out of his own pocket, for the work he does around the office.
“You know what Cas means to us, and you...” Sam doesn’t want to talk about it. Sometimes he still looks at Cas and sees his bruised, battered face, and he feels nothing but gut-wrenching guilt and blinding rage. “You don’t know how family works.”
“I’m mad ‘cause we’ve got a ghost and no body. Scratch that, a serial killer ghost with no body who probably knew some particularly nasty witchcraft,” Dean responds. “How are we supposed to gank the son of a bitch?” He groans. “I friggin’ hate witches.”
“I was let out more when I got older.” Cas is sure his anger at the words “let out” shows on his face. The corners of Dean’s mouth draw down in a frown. “We had to get supplies, and sometimes Pa would let me go on the runs. Then he found a better use for me.”
“I’m not gonna leave without telling you,” he promises, and Cas believes him. Dean knocks him on the shoulder with the back of his hand. “Besides, I want to stay here. Who else will endure ten straight hours of
The scowler is silent, but one of the other men, younger and shaking in his ties, says, “We were ambushed.” Scowler tries to elbow him, but the zip-ties prevent him from putting much weight into it. The kid keeps talking. “Tear gas, smoke bombs, the whole nine yards.”
He keeps it to himself.
Something tells Sam that this is his fault and not Cas’s, but he has no idea how or why.
“Dean,” Cas says, voice low and rough, and Dean loves that voice. “Are you all right?”
Something wet against his ear. Words being shouted. “Listen to me, Cas!” it says. “It’s Dean, Cas! It’s Dean!”
“You didn’t
Cas scoffs. “In salary, yes. In training expenses, no.”
“The negotiator’s over there.” Walker jerks his head toward a man in plain clothes covered by a black bullet-proof vest. “They told him they only want Hellfire.” His eyes find Cas’s. “Maybe Halo would do in a pinch. We could always ask.”
“Why?” Leahy signs and speaks, and she gestures to the bed where a small blackboard rests on Dean’s lap, unused. “They tried to kill you. You don’t need to protect them.”
So again Cas doesn’t answer, and again he drinks. It doesn’t help.
He loves this woman, this one bright light in what was clearly a miserable childhood, and he’s sitting in Cas’s living room, upset and unaware his entire life is a lie.
Something in her voice rings true. Rings familiar. Cas thinks of Jack, his open face and kind nature giving way to nothingness, soullessness, and his heart breaks anew.
He doesn’t bother to respond.
It’s hard to believe it was nearly 20 years ago that Lisa leaned over to Dean at a seedy bar, said, “Hey, you wanna get out of here?” and winked that wink that Dean caught her giving Cas last night. Over taxes, of all the things.
“Hang on,” Cas says. Claire’s eyes catch his, wild and desperate. She doesn’t know how to use healing Grace, and Cas isn’t much better. Grace healing takes a talent he doesn’t have and never has. But he has to try. He focuses on the bones, thinks of the ways they should fit together, forces his Grace to flow through his body and into Jack’s. It meets Jack’s there. Jack does have a knack for healing, at least when conscious, so Cas coaxes his Grace and it responds. Together, they knit the bones back as best they can. But with Jack passed out from the pain, his own Grace is weak. It’s not a full repair, but at least the breaks are cleaner.
Cas brows furrows, and Dean waits for him to say something argumentative, to open the floodgates and let out everything they’ve both been holding back since Cas showed up again a little over a week ago.
“He always wore that,” Rita says. “I don’t think he ever wanted anyone to see it, though. He kept it under his shirt usually.”
“Just as I suspected,” Crowley says. “You have no idea.”
Cas reaches out to Dean, running a thumb over his cheek.
Ann Marie laughs a little, warbled through tears, small but there. Cas laughs, too. That’s what Sam always called it.
“Oh my god,” Mary says again. “Has he been hurt?”
They don’t talk much, though Cas occasionally asks Ben if he’s good to continue, and the boy says yes every time. He’s gritting his teeth together so tightly Cas can hear them grinding, and he wishes he could just push out his grace, heal Ben’s pain. Sam walks ahead of them, keeping an eye on the tree line closest to the river.
Mary sighs over the line, and Sam briefly wonders where she is now. Maybe a truck stop in Missouri, a diner in South Dakota, a rundown motel in Indiana. Surely she’s not with them. Surely, after everything, she’s seen them for what they are, the real monsters they are.
“So you saw a similar phenomena three nights ago?” Cas asks, for what must be the third or fourth time. He clutches the water bottle Dean shoved in his hands over an hour ago, still not drinking despite Dean insisting several times he needs to. He looks pale, sweaty. Dean glances up at the rearview mirror. He’s in the same boat.
The man leans forward as Dean manages to open the sugar packets. As fast as he can, Dean reaches back to open the driver’s side door, spilling the sugar out onto the gravel below.
“So were we,” Anna reminds him, and Balth snorts. It irks Cas, but he holds back from snapping when he sees the look on Anna’s face. He has enough damage control to do already. “You need to remember you aren’t
“Fuck no.” Dean grimaces and waves a hand. “Go. Enjoy your dirt, you giant ass nerd.”
“I think Cas is gonna stay, too. Without you.” Sam looks up and says almost pleadingly, “It’s not a big deal, Dean, we just —”
He’d keep sleeping if it weren’t for the insistent knocking on his bedroom door. Cas shoves a pillow over his ears and wriggles further under his Icelandic Eiderdown comforter. It’s so thick he can almost imagine he’s hidden in some ice cave, far from the salt-stained streets of Purgatory and his housekeeper’s gratingly loud voice.
. But had he ever earned Dean’s trust? Cas was an asshole to him when they were children, and then he unknowingly left Dean behind. Left Dean to Alastair. His breathing quickens, and Balthazar and Anna each place a hand on his arms to stop him from shaking.
“Well that’s worth it, isn’t it?”
, and places a palm on his knee to force it to stop. It’s as if they’re all stuck in a loop, an endless space bridging the gap between the life of the outside world and the death Cas knows lurks behind those closed ER doors.
Cas sighs. “Jack, are you also angry with me?”
Cas runs his fingers through the broken barbs and smiles.
He reaches up to flip on the overhead light, illuminating the first piece — a newspaper clipping from 1972, right after the highway was built. “MYSTERIOUS INCIDENTS PLAGUE ROADWAY CONSTRUCTION; HIGHWAY 9 OPENS DESPITE OBSTACLES.”
Nothing — no force field, no weird tingling feelings in inappropriate places. He’s angel free and home free.
“Fairies,” Cas says, his hand shaking as he sets his glass down. “Most lore about fairies is not....” He waves his hand in the air.
“Right, yeah, I know. Like I said, that’s on me.”
It sounds so disbelieving Dean would laugh if any of this were funny. If it meant less, maybe he would. But Cas has meant the world to him for a long time now, and Dean’s never been more serious than when he says, “Yeah, I am. I— I like you.”
“Gwen was gonna come with me.” Dean’s eyes are fixed straight ahead, and Cas tries to stop sneaking so many glances at him. “A lot of people wanted out, not just us, but… I never would’ve been able to make any plans without her. She always knows what she wants. She always pushes me to be better. We had a timeline, wanted out by this summer. Then her pregnancy got tough, and everything changed.”
But there’s something wrong with Dean.
He raises his hand in a fist and moves it up and down, as if nodding. Cas doesn’t need to know ASL to recognize a “yes.”
“Not on my orders, Castiel. Heaven is still splintered into factions. And most of those factions still hate you for your loyalty to the Winchesters. Besides, we all thought you were dead after your —
It’s not like him to have this much trouble explaining himself. Cas is always so blunt, so steady, always says what he’s thinking unless he’s afraid Dean won’t like it.
Dean shrugs. “I’m an okay cook. But I burnt toast one time because Cas’s toaster is piece of shit and he hasn’t let me back in the kitchen since.”
“Right, yeah. Let me just go run some water.”
Sure enough, Dean smiles wide. “Great,” he says. ”Tell Eileen I said hey.” Then he’s off, whistling down the hall. Sam smiles faintly. Dean’s been stupidly happy lately, probably because Sam and Cas are both safely in the bunker where he can take care of them, feeding them and making them do their laundry and watching TV with all of them piled in Sam’s bed.
If asked, he could recite the exact latitude and longitude of where he stands. He could break every sigil etched on the walls inside. He could snap his fingers and watch the building fall down before him.
Cas is fairly certain Bobby’s jaw would unhinge if it dropped open any more. Only the rocking of the office ceiling fan and the static buzz of the radios break the silence in the room. Dean stares between the two of them, eyes wide, with the radio at his lips.
“Come again?”
Sam looks at Eileen and signs, “
“Yes, Cas, fuck. Of course I am. You’re having panic attacks, your family gave you the boot and you waited a year to tell anyone. And I worry every friggin’ time you’re not at the bunker, when you’re out on some mission.”
“Mr. Novak.” He’s beaming, ecstatic to snag a table with such high tip potential. “Welcome to El Cobra. My name is Gary, and I’ll be your server this evening. Can I interest you in our wine collection?”
He drives through the vast emptiness of Kansas, and the stars unfurling across the night sky remind him somewhat of Heaven. Jack loved the stars.
The drive back is as quiet as the drive up, Dean’s head lolling against the window as Cas drums his fingers along to the radio, their bags spread across the backseat. Cas swears he hears a low humming noise from Dean when Led Zeppelin’s “Ramble On” comes on, but it may be a trick of the wind.
“Sam?” he calls again, softer, dragging a finger through the grime. The main lights are out, and the emergency lighting casts the room in an ominous red glow. It’s empty of any signs of life — no pizza boxes stacked in the trash can in the corner, no beer cans or books on the table. No shoes lined up by the staircase, no keys hanging on the hook by the hallway. No Sam, no Cas, no Jack.
“Damn! The disappearances. They happened right after the highway was built, the year the bridges were first re-done, and now....”
“What happened to you?” he asks the man when he kneels back next to his head, checking his pulse again. It’s sluggish, but still there. He scans Green Eyes, looking for answers. Alone on a closed trail, no shirt, no jacket, no socks in early September. The weather is much warmer than usual for this time of year, but he still subjected his extremities to the possibility of frostbite. And the scratches along his chest, back and feet suggest he was in the brush for a while before he pulled the rope over his head. Cas spots a dark blot of blood on one leg of the man’s jeans, where the fabric seems to be torn through. He debates investigating the injury, but decides not to risk jostling the man.
Sam knew they shouldn’t have come to The Bend, but he didn’t expect any of this.
Dean looks at the farmhouse. Two-story, white, well-cared-for. The windows are shuttered, and no one’s out on the porch. Usually there are hunters milling about, cleaning guns and shooting the breeze, but he didn’t see more than a few people up the road on the drive in.
“I only meant —” Cas starts, and Dean says, “Of course I do,” before he can stop himself.
Once he’s dressed in his sleepwear, he heads for the kitchen, Gracie trotting behind him and crying plaintively. She has food and water, so he grabs the long string hanging around the neck of her toy mouse and drags it across the wood floor to the living room, where he can sit and type out a report of this day.
Still sleep-confused, Cas rubs at his eyes, and Dean recognizes when he sees the light by the way he stiffens, sitting straight up in the seat.
Cas runs a hand up Dean’s arm, pausing at his shoulder.
Cas just hums, a neutral sound, and Dean closes his eyes.
“This morning,” Sam says slowly, like Dean might be having trouble following him. “While you were in the shower. I asked, and he said he felt guilty over what happened with her, but he knew not to let it eat at him.”
“Jesus Christ, Dean!” Sam said, shutting the burner off and pulling his brother away from the smoke. “Are you
“You name it, we’ve seen it,” he says.
Cas’s hands move with more surety than he feels as he tugs the rope away from the man’s throat. He doesn’t pull it all the way off, but as the noose falls the slack allows the man’s labored breaths to grow louder, steadier. He’s not fully conscious, his head lolling to the side, mouth open and drooling. Cas doesn’t attempt to rouse him because he doesn’t think he can, instead gently supporting his head with the palm of one hand while grabbing his discarded radio with the other.
“Dean, I swear.” Cas tries to step into his personal space, and Dean moves around him, sweeping his bag onto his shoulder and grabbing his keys from Cas’s coffee table. “This is not like last time.”
Cas is about to take the half breadstick from Dean when he realizes that of course the offer was meant for Lisa.
The hunters react appropriately at the right times, with ‘awws’ and ‘ohhs,’ and even Diana, who slightly mouths parts of the tale along with her mother, laughs when Ann Marie talks about how awkwardly Sam approached her when the case was over.
It’s only after he’s finished talking that Dean remembers Cas is going back home, wherever home is for him now, and Dean’s going back to Kansas. Alone.
“I don’t think his heart was in the setup. He sounded pretty miserable when he told me I should be with you, actually.” Lisa glances back at Dean, face impassive. “You know, for all my failed relationships, I can tell when a guy is into me. And he’s not into me. So whatever was upsetting him about that scenario, it wasn’t about me. Just food for thought.”
“Cassandra,” he says. “What did you see?”
“N— No, you misunderstand,” Cas says, tripping over his tongue in his haste to explain. “The food is extraneous. I’m here to help you with your —” He waves a hand out toward the highway and the travelers making their way back home after late nights at the office. “Whatever is happening here. You shouldn’t have to figure this out alone. I don’t want you to be alone out here.”
“Dean!” Cas shouts, and Dean ducks just in time, pulling Lisa and Ben down with him as Perkins makes a wide, slicing arc through the air with the knife. Angered at being foiled, the ghost lunges forward, hissing Latin curses under his breath. Lisa rolls on top of Ben as Perkins tries to bring the knife down again, but Dean is up and surging toward him, falling through thin air as the ghost vanishes.
“I’m not talking about Rowena.” Dean’s dealt with the witch for years, lived half his life under her thumb. He’s always figured she’d kill him someday. He’s not afraid to die in general. He’s afraid to die before he gets Alastair, and Charlie knows it.
“Whatever. It’s just not like you to work yourself up over someone, that’s all. Be careful.” Anna closes her laptop and leans forward, elbows on the table as if this has all been child’s play and it’s time to get down to business. “Listen, I’ve been working on tracing our hack from the other night and so far I’ve found nothing.”
Cas hasn’t said anything yet, but Dean can tell he’s nervous, too. He’s holding himself too stiffly, and he’s been much quieter this morning than normal.
Dean flips him off.
His life for Jack’s? There is no question; there is no choice to be made. It’s his son. It’s
He gets to the hospital faster than any ambulance could reach them, hazards blinking when he swings into the parking lot. Cas leaves the car where it sits, helping Dean out as the waiting ER team rushes to whisk him away in a wheelchair.
“Metatron, or Metadouche, as I like to call him. What an ass.”
Having Dean around the house is a bit like living with the world’s most polite roommate. He helps Cas clean and cook and drinks his juice next to him on the back porch while Cas takes his morning coffee. They watch a lot of old VHS tapes —
“Right, well.” Dean can feel Sam turning on the puppy dog eyes. “I really miss him, don’t you? I wish you two could work things out. Maybe we could all be friends again.”
“Don’t worry about the bill,” he says as Cas reaches for his wallet, “I’ve got it.”
“Too bad you didn’t get a better look at him.” Balthazar clicks his tongue. “Maybe we need to let Anna get an up close on him instead. She’s got a mind like a steel trap. If she’s seen him before, she’ll know.”
“Dean, please — Eileen found something
“We’re just catching up,” Balthazar lies.
And Dean is sputtering, “Uh, like... you know... best friends and all that shit.”
“I guess I just don’t understand what’s going on,” Sam says. “But I’m not here to bug you for answers, I’m just here to see if you need anything.”
“Oh, Castiel. I shoved him into every terrible moment in his life but this—” He laughs as he sets his hand almost tenderly on the neck of the unconscious Dean, the real Dean. “This future is what convinced him to give up and stop fighting.”
Dean thinks, but his hands are already pulling at Cas’s suit jacket, and then Cas is shrugging out of it and throwing it across the room, moving further onto the bed and dragging Dean with him.
“That’s massive,” he says, walking back around to his seat so Eileen can read his lips. “Well, at least there’s a storm shelter out back, and hey — at least it’s hitting The Bend right now.” The center of the storm is right over the hunter’s community. “If they came back after the cops scared ‘em off then they’re getting hammered.”
Dean’s mouth opens, and nothing comes out. The room is eerily quiet, Reidy still staring in that unnervingly shifty way of his, eyes darting between Dean, Cas, and Jody like he’s not sure he wants to be in the same room as them. Jody looks at the table, and Cas watches Dean, covertly pressing his leg against Dean’s under the table.
He scoffs to himself.
”Dean—” He knows, of course he knows, Jack must have said something—
Once Dean reaches his room he pulls off his shirt and chucks it into the corner, then does the same to his jeans. He used to care more about keeping his space clean — he used to dust regularly, change the sheets once a week, keep his laundry in the basket next to the washing machine. It’s hard for him to give a shit about that kind of thing anymore. He can’t remember the last time he bothered to make his bed instead of just crawling in and out of it every morning and every night, ignoring the tacky feel of sheets drenched too many times by his nightmare sweats.
Ann Marie raises her eyebrows and lets out a low whistle.
Tran tucks her clipboard under her arm, unaffected. “Doesn’t matter to me,” she says. “We’ll take care of him regardless. He’s in ICU now and pretty heavily sedated, but stabilizing. Only family allowed in there, so no visits this time. I’d advise you go home and get some rest, too.” He feels her looking at the bags under his eyes. “Discharge should be in a few days — I’d say two or three, if he stays stable. We’ll hopefully be able to move him out of ICU and into a regular room tomorrow, so come by during visiting hours, 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. I’ll call you if anything changes.”
They don’t say anything for a while, silently staring at each other. She wonders what she looks — face red, eyes and hair wild, coming down from an adrenaline rush brought on by fear and panic. She knows what her son looks like — blank, face composed into a mask she can’t read.
They discuss theories on the way back to the motel to pick up Cas. They both agree it seems more likely the print came from some kid than from a monster, meaning there might have been a witness to at least one of these deaths. Sam’s sticking to his river-creature theory and betting it’s a Bunyip — which Dean points out is an Australian monster, but then Sam insists there’s usually an American counterpart. They both agree they need to take a trip to the state penitentiary to see Quinton Jeffords, the guy who was convicted of Lacey Parks’ murder.
“You’re too old to say ‘basic,’ Dean.” Krissy scrambles up the slight slope to the main road, followed by Josephine and the boy. “Aren’t you like forty?”
Dean thinks,
He fumbles for his phone, has it out of his pocket and in his hand with Cas’s number dialed before he can stop himself.
He screamed for them for hours, an echo of his desperate cries in hell with an extra name added in. He screamed until his throat felt sore and his head ached, until he couldn’t even stand because his legs shook too much. And then he prayed, face down on the ground, prostrate before nothing but the one angel he had absolute faith in.
He says it like it’s something he almost forgot, like those words alone weren’t nearly impossible for Dean to squeeze out. Like he doesn’t understand the type of love Dean actually wants to offer up, and it sure ain’t brotherly love. Sam does not equal Cas; Cas does not equal Sam. Dean has always felt intense love for both but never quite worked out how it wasn’t the same. Never let himself think about how it wasn’t the same. Shoved those feelings in the cabinet of “Things Dean Winchester Doesn’t Think About.”
It’s going to be a long night.
No one thought much about them at first. A few tools go missing; well, maybe someone misplaced them. A bulldozer’s engine catches on fire apropos of nothing; well maybe it detonated too early. Then the brake lines were cut on a paver and it ran straight into a car traveling along the open lane of traffic. No one got hurt, but TxDOT asked for night security at the job site. So Bobby Singer, the contractor and an old friend, called Dean.
Dean throws out an arm to stop Cas from getting any closer to the back seat, but Cas asks, “Sacrifice?”
“Dean!” The Cas voice comes back, stronger and louder. “Dean!”
Dean thinks, but he’s in between Cas's legs, kneeling over Cas and pulling at his belt, and Cas is staring up at Dean, wide-eyed and wondrous, and Dean doesn’t even know where to begin.
Dean’s discharge is set for 10 a.m., and Cas reaches the hospital at 9:30. He’s outside of visiting hours, but no one seems to care. There’s no deputy at the door to Room 204, but Cas spots the back of Leahy’s FBI-labeled jacket before he’s made it down the hall. She’s standing at the foot of Dean’s bed, in the middle of a one-sided argument.
He knows he should feel honored to be placed on a tier in Dean’s heart anywhere near Sam, but he also knows (at least rationally) that to feel that tied to someone else, how Dean and Sam used to be, so wrapped up in each other there was no distinction, is unhealthy and miserable.
Max and Alicia want to take their time, pulling Cas’s grace from his body bit by bit. They propose meeting once a week to do the ritual. Cas wants to hurry the process along, take maybe three or four sessions to pull the sparse remnants out.
1504 Paynes Alley, South Bend, WA 98586
Indeed, Cas finds the convoy before the police do. They’re about five miles from the company headquarters — three armored trucks at a standstill in the middle of an otherwise empty intersection. The tires have been blown out, one truck has rammed into the back of another. As he gets closer Cas sees Roman’s men sitting in the bed of one of the trucks. They aren't just lounging around — they’re zip-tied together. Any cargo the trucks were carrying is long gone.
“What are you afraid of?”
“Alright.” Mick looks distinctly uncomfortable. He probably has a producer yelling in his ear. Cas sympathizes. He sees Ellen staring at him out of the corner of his eye. “Up next—“
“How’s that?”
Still breathing hard and heavy from his outburst and general panic, Cas turns to Dean.
in a lot of ways — about the money, and the Foundation, and even the effectiveness of Halo… Sometimes I feel like I’m beating my head against a wall trying to save this city from men like Roman who seem to walk free no matter what they do. Maybe it isn’t enough. Maybe I don’t do enough. But Dean, I
“Yeah. I, uh… He taught me, too.” He takes a sip of beer, unable to say anything else.
“Well, I need you to tell me what you want from me!”
They never got around to the grocery store yesterday, and to say Cas’s food pantry is sparse would be an understatement, so he settles for toast and butter again, making enough to feed Dean, too. While he waits on the coffee, Cas meanders back toward the guest room. He knocks lightly on the door before pushing it open a crack.
It’s amazing how quickly Claire’s signature scowl morphs into a delighted smirk when she gets what she wants. “What is it?”
John’s taking the longest to come around. He hasn’t said anything about his son's new relationship, and Cas doubts he ever will, but he knows the older man is uncomfortable with the idea of Dean living with Cas. He was quiet during dinner and he’s still quiet now, sitting on the couch with his arm around Mary. Cas will take quiet over confrontational if he has to. And, oddly enough, John’s reticence has actually made Sam open up to Dean more. He was the first of the Winchesters to greet Cas when they got off the plane for this visit, pulling him into a tight hug in front of his parents. It was weird, but Cas didn’t hate it. The brothers, including Adam, are talking in the kitchen while Dean bakes. From what Cas overhears it’s a somewhat awkward and stilted conversation, but at least they’re trying.
“Right.” Dean could offer up all the reasons he has a problem with that — Cas doesn’t need to help Sam after ditching him, too; Sam needs to be close to home in case he relapses; Dean’s afraid of being alone. He thinks of the light, and he decides now is not the time for arguments. “Look, Sammy, thanks for coming out to keep me company, but —”
“Well, you could always stay here,” Sam suggests, calmly, because he’s the only one in the room not guilty of drastically altering Lisa Braeden’s life. Not directly, anyway. “You can do the research this time. Cas and I can handle the legwork.”
Lights spill out over the road at the top of the hill, and all four of them jump. It’s the Charger driving down the hill. Just a deputy, then. The car pulls off the side of the road at the red light, waiting.
“The rest of us grew up terrified of the man. I remember my sister Anna telling us we had to be good, or else Daddy would do to us what he did to Luke. She wasn’t trying to be mean. She was being honest. He eventually disowned our youngest brother, Balthazar, as well, and for a much lesser offense. The thought that your entire life could be taken away at any moment, that you could go from everything to nothing... I know this sounds like ‘oh, poor little rich boy,’ but Dean, I was adopted at age six. I remembered the foster homes. Getting too old and becoming ‘undesirable’ to potential parents; getting ignored by my foster families at best and bullied by them at worst. I couldn’t bear the thought of going back to living like that. So I did everything he ever asked of me.”
“Hey,” he says to Lisa gently, easing her out of the way with one hand so he can move out of the room and shut the door behind him. Dean hands over the napkins and she takes them gratefully, blowing her nose into an advertisement for $10 medium pizzas. “Why don’t we go sit over there?” He gestures toward the picnic table in the grass at the end of the parking lot, and she nods.
gesture. The MacLeod gang don’t shoot, but they keep their guns trained on the yellow-eyed Demon.
“I have to go.” Cas plants a rushed kiss on Ann Marie’s cheek. “I’ll call you when it’s done.”
And just now Dean told him "We love you" because at least the
“I’m brand new to this case,” he says. “New eyes can spot some things tired eyes missed. It’s why I’m going through every old hotline call, every little note of Elkin’s, anything I can find. This family deserves closure, one way or another. They deserve to know what happened to their son.”
Cas knows that last part is directed at him. He can’t look Sam in the eye.
”Michael?” Dean swipes at the drying tears on his cheeks and Cas wonders what day this is, what happened here to make Dean cry. What happened to make him vulnerable enough he’ll stand in a parking lot and talk to a total stranger just because said stranger called him by name.
“Ah ha,” he says, triumphant. “There it is.”
she signs.
She’s being friendly, Dean knows, but it rubs him the wrong way — like she’s checking to make sure he knows how to do his job, like she doesn’t trust him to do it right.
“I love you,” he says, voice cracking, and Cas blinks, confounded and pleased and overwhelmed, all at once. “I love you, and it doesn’t matter to me if you’re an angel or not. Got it?”
Dean bolts up. “Damn it, he took my car!” He felt a little loopy on the pain meds last night, so he didn’t register Cas dropping him off and driving home in the Impala.
It’s also moving slowly but steadily toward them, gaining ground a foot at a time. He doesn’t want to run, but he also doesn’t want to wait here until they’re swallowed up or Cas bolts headfirst to his death. He reaches for the keys and turns the ignition.
Ann Marie stares at his wrist, breathing heavily. She swallows, then looks up at Sam, questioning. Sam shrugs with one shoulder.
“I’m a man of the people now,” Cas says against Dean’s lips, hands settling on his hips. “I dissolved my father’s company and gave almost all my inheritance away.”
“I killed Azazel for what he did, then I got into the Pool and slit my own throat,” he says casually. “Cathartic, really — to die and come back more alive. It felt better than when I took Azazel’s power and crushed his skull.”
Maybe it’s for the best that Dean’s love for Cas has reached its apex. Cas has watched, again and again, as the wildfire love the Winchester brothers possess for each other has consumed them, their friends and family, the world. They’re only just now learning to wield it in the right way. Cas doesn’t want Dean to love him that much, in the way that could only ever seem to bring Dean pain.
Ha ha. I know you know how to sneak regardless.
Cas is sorely tempted to say “no” and be done with this conversation. “What is it?” He creeps down to the edge of the hallway while he waits for Jody to respond, sticking his head into the living room and checking on Dean. He’s still sleeping in the glow of the television light.
“Yes, but I promise I’ll be back.”
Dean is upset by this. He shakes his head, says, “He doesn’t deserve your protection.”
Until he gets knocked off his feet a second time. This time, there was no punch thrown. This time, the force is invisible. Like Grace. Or Corruption. Cas throws his hand up before the second wave can hit, blasting Grace in the direction of his unseen opponent. Hellfire materializes through the smoke, unfazed.
“Did you buy it? Her apology?”
She purses her lips. “Use your powers for good, Castiel.”
“I watched over you,” Cas says, slower this time. “At the Braedens. I’m sorry, I know how you hate spies, but it seemed like the best way to keep you safe.”
“Wayne Whittaker?” Dean doesn’t write the name on the notepad he carried in with him.
. Crying will make it worse. It doesn’t even hurt, really. He’s lucky. Pa showed him mercy.
,” she snarls, and Cas knows Roman picked the wrong ally. Roman must know it too, now. “You think you can order me around like some attack dog? You, who is at the mercy of Halo and Hellfire? I already have your money. I want nothing more from
Because if Dean’s going to remain stubborn and insist on staying out here until he figures out how to deal with what’s happening, Cas is going to be stubborn and stay with him. His loyalty warms Dean’s frosty demeanor somewhat, but still he doesn’t give in and ask for the truth.
“I can help with that.” He gestures between the beds, voice low so as not to wake Sam. “The pain.”
“Good, Donna. You shouldn’t let anyone hold you back. Now—”
He looks at the man who raised him, who taught him how to hold a gun, how to fight, how to be a leader. The man who lied to him and betrayed him.
With that, Claire exits the car. Cas is left staring after her, then scrambling to catch up. “You’ve never told me that!” She’s never mentioned any interest in anyone, ever. Cas thought maybe she wasn’t into romance or relationships, or maybe she hadn’t met any boy to connect with. Jack seems to fall in love with every pretty girl he sees. It stood to reason Claire would be his opposite there as she is in almost every other way.
Not graphically, not yet, but still.
He pulls himself to his feet, his ankle protesting — bruised — and Dean runs again. He runs back across the pasture, nearly tripping over the body of a dead cow, its tongue lolling from its mouth and eyes empty. Dean swallows back bile and rushes into the woods, not bothering to stop for his abandoned flashlight. The moon comes out in full, and it shines just enough to illuminate the trunks of the trees, though Dean’s legs still get caught by the brush as he bolts back toward the highway.
Cas lets loose a primal and deafening yell as he releases his Grace. It bursts from him like a geyser, flooding the smoky air and breaking every pane of unbroken glass left in the hallway. The fire is flung back against the walls and ceiling as his Grace barrels down the center of the hallway, a bluish glow emanating from his hands and mouth and swallowing everything in its path.
“Dean, Dean.” Seth sighs, and the static burst it causes across the line grates in Dean’s ear. “I’m really just letting you know as a courtesy. I don’t take orders from you.”
“Rowena MacLeod’s expanded her collection, hasn’t she?”
Dean swallows hard.
When Mary takes a seat across from him she’s still smiling, but this time it’s a little softer, a little more genuine.
“I love you,” Dean says, before he can think too much about it.
“Jesus, Cas, I told you to stay in the car!” Dean rushes over to help him anyway, grimacing at the mud caking his socks as he throws Cas’s arm over his shoulder. “You’re gonna get sepsis or something.”
Sam laughs a little and shakes his head, rubbing his thumb along his beer bottle.
“Well, I don’t remember, but you have told me,” she says, and even attempts a small smile. Dean can’t help but smile back, thinks
“Jesus.” Dean is floored. “And no one stops him? You
Cas turns away from the signs pointing him toward North Cove and follows the tug in his heart to Tacoma.
“Exactly. Not just you, I mean I couldn’t really see myself with Cas after that, either.” Dean’s heart lifts slightly as she says that, and he watches with a dopey smile as Lisa picks her way through a narrow part of the trail, stomping down the brush with her boots. “But Dean...”
He still has his cellphone. Samuel doesn’t know about it. He could pick it up, call Lisa, tell her everything. Tell her the truth.
“Sam and I were talking about Stanford’s law school,” Cas says, voice even. “He’s thinking of reapplying, and I said I’d write a letter of recommendation.”
Dean goes to bed every night and waits for Cas’s nightmares to begin, waits for his legs to start itching to run to him, waits to hear Sam’s gruff, sleep-heavy voice as he rouses his wife, waits for the quiet footsteps of Eileen, waits for the silence that follows, occasionally broken by soft voices in the other room.
But then Hellfire steps out of the cave and onto the sand, his body slightly swaying with a put-upon swagger, arms held wide, asking, “Come on! Is that all you’ve got?” And he’s heard those words before.
Lisa, Ben and Sam are watching him pace. Ben has his arm around Lisa, still looking a little shell-shocked. Lisa leans into her son like she has to touch him to make sure he’s okay.
“It’s all rumpled,” she admonishes, and he quips, “Maybe I got lucky in the five minutes since we last saw each other.” Anna glares at him and he turns away sheepishly, spotting Balthazar lounging next to the row of monitors.
“What’s going on, Commissioner?” Claire asks.
They’ll never see each other again. Dean will never wake Sam up by singing AC/DC off-key at full volume. Sam will never hear Dean complain about his protein shakes taking up the beer space in the cooler. Dean will never throw his arm around him after a hunt well done and crow out, “We are the champions, my friend!” in his terrible vibrato.
“You’re just going to kill us all anyway,” Sam snaps, but Dean can hear the tremor running underneath his bravado. “So why would any of us say yes to you?”
“I know,” Ellen whimpers. “I know, I know, but how can I ever... I’ll see them in my dreams.” Her voice drops off, becoming nearly incoherent. “How can I ever accept any of it?”
“Jack doesn’t know how to handle his powers yet,” he says. “He didn’t mean it.”
“I found a liquor store,” Sam says, dizzy and near giddy with relief that Cas is here and he’s still alive and physically well.
“Helping how?” Dean asks. “This isn’t going to be strictly legal, is it?”
Dean knows he doesn’t want Sam to finish that sentence, but because he’s been able to bully his brother into submission on the no-feelings thing in the past he presses into it with a confrontational, “But then what?”
He’s about to pull off his boxers when Sam comes in, knocking as he opens the door.
The next spot — where Melanie Cross’s car took a swan dive off a steep embankment and landed on its side on the riverbank, sandwiched between two trees next to the water — is more of the same. The local cops cleared the wreckage out five months ago, a few days after Melanie’s crash. It makes Dean shiver, thinking of the poor girl, trapped in her car, still alive, while a monster stalked her in the dark. She’d have been totally defenseless. And they didn’t even find her body until three days after her death. What a fucking horror show.
“There’s no way that spoke took off his head,” Sam continues. “Look how rusty and dull it is. And the river hasn’t been high enough to move the wheel in years. Why would it turn only on the night a kid sneaks into the mill to get high? And look at the blood, I mean the splatter markings... It’s inconsistent with how the police say he died. This, this is the one that gets me. This one doesn’t seem like an accident.”
and they betray him every time.
“Anna, tell Cas he can’t keep leaving Jack and I out of missions,” Claire says as she flops down into the seat next to Anna.
He doesn’t have the heart to tell her he’s not so sure he is safe. It’s easier to let her pretend, if only for for a moment. The Winchesters follow Henriksen to the SUV, but Mary looks back at him over her shoulder as they walk away, and Dean knows she knows the truth. She knows exactly what he’s running from. She knows Samuel won’t ever let him be safe.
“Yeah. Anything strange.” Sam drums his fingers against the countertop. “I meant it.”
Cas just nods. He scoots back, away from Dean, and Dean’s chest starts to feel tight until Cas grabs a pillow from the edge of the couch, places it in his lap and says, “Here, lay down.”
“Not for me to say.”
Cas stares at the muted television, and Dean feels the chasm of everything unsaid and unremembered between them more acutely than ever.
“Oh.”
“We have to run now, Cas! Now!”
“Sorry, just... What are the odds, right?” Dean tries to joke, but it falls flat.
Michael smiles as he shoves Dean down to the ground, raising his foot to bring it down on Dean’s head.
Aloud he says, “I don't pay much attention to vigilantes. Halo, Hellfire — what’s the difference?” It hurts to smile. “The real power in Purgatory comes from money, as you well know.”
“You can’t walk on your feet when they’re torn up like that, let me help you.”
“Hey, bitch.”
“Well,” Cas says slowly, “it’s... Now, I suppose... But we weren’t...”
Sam tried to work with her over the years to help her hone her powers. But she’s young, and her visions are unpredictable and usually not noteworthy. She saw Diana have her first fender bender; she saw Cas receive a letter from the University of Nebraska, asking him to teach at their linguistics college. She saw Jason’s first kiss and the C Di made in chemistry class and lied about.
Dean jolts up with a gasp, head and heart pounding, and when he spots Sam and Eileen next to him, alive and stunned as well, his next thought is
Michael is finding this vessel, this universe to be more trouble than it’s worth. But perhaps in another world Dean Winchester can be broken.
“I wasn’t always a park ranger,” Cas says, Dean’s tired eyes on him. “I was in the Army for four years. I was deployed twice. I know how to take care of myself.”
, which Dean claims to hate because “Stephen Amell is overrated.” Cas leans his head against Dean’s shoulder, careful to keep pressure off the worst of his bruises, and Dean’s hand brushes along his hip, carefully avoiding the places where Ketch sliced at his skin with the angel blade. It’s nice and calm. It’s everything Cas wanted it to be.
Dean looks at Cas in confusion, but Cas is staring at the ground, face red and contorted in pain and shame.
“Cas, wait!” Cas is walking up the steps, leaping over the hole in the porch, unlocking the front door, all without looking back at Dean. “C’mon, we need to talk.”
, but Dean’s hardly listening. He keeps his eyes on the trees once he’s settled back in the Impala, letting Sam drone on in his ear, taking comfort in his brother’s obliviousness.
can go kill him.” Dean waves a hand toward the tunnel. “You could take him out with your Grace and be done with it.”
. He wants
“Hey,” Sam says. Cas sits up in bed, wincing as he does. He’s bare-chested, still covered in bandages placed carefully over his torn skin. There’s another bandage wrapped around his head, covering his forehead just beneath his hairline. “Um, Eileen is sort of exhausted. She asked us to see if you need anything, and, uh...”
The room is dark except for a small desk light, and it takes a few seconds for Dean’s eyes to adjust. There’s a man lying on the bed, squinting at the door in confusion. He’s wearing well-worn clothes and no shoes. Dean can see his big toe through a huge hole in one of his socks. His eyes look very dark, and they widen in shock as he takes in Dean, standing in the doorway, now unsure what exactly it is he plans to say.
“Should we change your bandages?” he asks, and Cas does look at him then, almost grateful. Dean grins. “It’s about time, right?” Cas nods, easing up a little higher against the headboard.
“We did have a man matching that description brought to the ER tonight, but he was DOA. He bled out from his wounds.”
He makes a face at her. “Claire is coming with me. You’re the one who insisted she was more than capable of joining the fight.”
He doesn’t know why Sam would think this is a good arrangement, but given the option to take Dean and Jack with him, Sam chose to go alone.
“Ten minutes. I was about to go get Sam…” Cas presses his palm to Dean’s forehead as if checking his temperature. “Dean, you can’t do that. You can’t force it. Wait for Joshua to do it for you.”
“If you want, yeah. It’s my mistake there, though. Fuck, I should’ve known.”
“Dean,” Cas says again, and
He can’t remember if he told Cas goodnight or not as he stumbled out of the car, but he remembers Cas said, “Goodbye, Dean.”
Sam takes a deep breath, trying to fight back his own panic at the idea of Dean driving down the highway in his current state.
“I hope I didn’t hurt you too badly,” he says, coming back to the scar on Dean’s wrist. They both know he’s not just talking about physical scars, though. “All those years of staying aloof, so focused on trying to please someone whose love I couldn’t earn... It wasn’t worth it.”
Bobby grunts and Cas waves as the women leave, their voices and footsteps fading as they walk to their cars. Bobby stays where he’s at, leaning against the wall and looming over Cas.
choice.”
“Mmm?” Cas mumbles, stretching and causing more papers to fall to the floor. He blinks languidly, eyes bleary and hair mussed. “Dean?”
“I wasn’t planning on going back to Heaven, no,” he says, sounding confused, “and I do want to heal others, but you’re my first priority. Unless...” Cas’s face falls, and he seems unsure. “Unless you’ve changed your mind. I do understand that the last time you offered me a home here was several years —”
“Come on, Cas!” Dean's eyes are magnetic like this, flickering blue and black, and he’s so caught off by them that Cas almost misses Dean’s fist coming at him. He manages to dodge by ducking low at the last second, and Dean’s fist goes straight through the portrait of his great-grandfather. “I don’t want to fight you!”
“Get the kid outta here!” Dean yells. He’s already on his feet, moving into a fighting stance. “I’ll hold him off!”
When Sam sees “Mary Winchester” flash across his phone (not “Mom,” not anymore) he almost doesn’t answer. He’s alone in the bunker — Dean and Cas went out to shop for groceries or something — and he’s not sure he can handle this conversation by himself.
Dean follows the motion, catches Cas’s arm, says his name again.
Well, it’s nice to know that even though he’s just realized he’s pretty gay for his angel pal that doesn’t mean he can’t still have a libido for beautiful women... Unless he actually got that boner because Cas had been sitting super close to him, personal space be damned, and Dean had liked Cas there, all warm at his side...
Dean dials again, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. Maybe Cas got in a wreck, maybe he took Dean’s rejection at face value and decided to never come back, maybe...
against the wood.
He’s got a list of potential fairy expulsion spells written down, and he bought a one-pound bag of salt at Wal-Mart earlier today. Maybe he’ll go out to Highway 9 and sprinkle salt everywhere for the rest of his life. It would be better than doing nothing.
but the true surprise is he’s taking his anger out the inanimate cylinder he’s pried apart, not Dean. Dean, too, looks disgruntled, pointing insistently at an apartment crack in said cylinder while Bobby grumbles, “I know, I know, damned thing’s gonna cost an arm and a leg to replace.” Looks as though Bobby has forgiven Dean, then.
Dean sits down on the floor next to her, groaning as his knees crack. Normally Claire would comment on that, tease him about becoming an old man, but this time she just stares at the jar in her hands. It’s some brand Dean’s never heard of, cookie butter with a logo of a smiling sun. He’s pretty sure Sam doesn’t eat this brand.
“Cas,” he says, and Cas freezes where he stands, toothbrush in hand, clad only in sweatpants, hair still wet from the shower he just took. If he weren’t so angry Dean might laugh at that fact that Cas still considers good dental hygiene important, even in the face of almost certain death. “Cas, you can’t do this.”
“So,” she says, taking a small bite out of one of the pretzels, “if your niece was here, would you be worried about her?”
Jody gathers herself enough to nod, shaking Tran’s hand and thanking the doctor for her help. Cas follows the action woodenly, hand too loose in Tran’s tight grip. He’s thinking of Green Eyes, their John Doe, alone and defenseless in a hospital room.
It’s still covered in blood, splattered in waves of tiny, dark red dots emanating from a large, dried puddle in the center of the room.
“Yes.” Cas rubs at his forearm, agitated. “Well, it will be. Dean, I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to put off our next trip out to Highway 9 for a few days. I — There’s somewhere I have to be.”
He pockets the feather anyway.
“Cancelled my night class,” Cas says by way of explanation as he slides into the passenger seat, passing over a full In-N-Out bag. Dean ate two hours ago and his stomach is unsteady from a mix of nerves and irritation, but he takes the bag anyway. An Animal-style burger with fries. Cas knows him well.
At sixteen Dean already knew it was safest to only love family. Family wasn’t allowed to leave you, and you weren’t allowed to leave them.
As he gets closer to the back office, Cas hears Bobby say, “You’re telling me, a damn forty-year forest service veteran, that I’m wrong?” There is only one person Bobby could be griping at, so Cas hurries through the door to separate him from Dean.
He received a similar answer when he asked Zachariah why they needed Dean to torture Alastair. He’d pleaded, “There must be another way!” to deaf ears.
“Cas,” Claire warns, “you always tell me not to be reckless. Now I’m telling you — this is a hostage situation, not a brawl with a bunch of oily, knucklehead mafiosos. And I don't know much about Demons, but I know they have powers, too. Mills is right. We can’t punch our way through it! I know you care about him, but we need to come up with—”
as the plains in front of them are illuminated by lightning, bright as day. Dean swallows hard.
Tran purses her lips together, doubtful, but she doesn’t push back. She brings her clipboard up from her hip and begins scanning her notes as Cas moves to stand next to Jody, part of the inner circle.
“Plus we wanted to be the first ones to graffiti the new road,” Aidan says, and the girls glare at him. He quickly adds, “But we didn’t want to hurt anyone! We never touched the equipment!”
“Well, you’re real,” Andrea says. “We weren’t quite expecting that.”
“I know.”
Sam leans back in his chair and takes a slow sip of his coffee.
Cas shrugs. “A nice day on the lake?” and Dean shakes his head, but he’s still smiling.
When he was a kid, probably like twelve, John went on one particularly long hunt in Minnesota. A wraith, if Dean remembers correctly. While John hunted, Dean and Sam went to school. And for once Dean didn’t hate it, because he made a friend.
Sam clings to Eileen as they drop to the floor behind the kitchen counter, glass shattering around them. Without the buffer of the windows the wind is loud and violent, rushing into the house, scattering papers and banging the pots and pans hanging above the counter together. Eileen pushes Sam back just as one crashes right where his head had been.
“It was a message,” Leahy says simply,“for Dean. He’s taken it to mean she’s dead; that Samuel Campbell killed her. He didn’t say — or write — as much, but I can tell. Best case scenario, even if she’s alive her life is clearly threatened. And Campbell guessed we were coming.”
and Redwood. It’s close enough from there.”
“Mom,” Ben says in muffled protest from where she’s pulled him against her chest. “You gotta let go, you’re gonna get hurt! Let go!” Lisa just shakes her head and hugs him tighter, but Ben manages to pull away. He starts like he’s going to move down the trail, to keep his mother safe from the ghost after him, but then Dean reaches out to put a hand on Ben’s shoulder and stops him.
Sam hasn’t mentioned it, but he’s also fairly certain they can’t go back to the bunker, either — at least not yet. Seth may not know exactly where it is, but he knows it exists and that alone makes it unsafe. He only hopes this doctor friend of Eileen’s will be willing to take in four people, one of whom looks startlingly like raw hamburger meat.
“Where the fuck are you?” he asks Dean’s voicemail. “Tell me you’re not dead in a ditch! Call me back, asshole!”
“I don’t think so,” says a voice, impossibly coming in over the storm, and Sam turns his head toward the open back windows just in time to be yet again violently thrown into the foyer wall. Eileen lands next to him with an
He almost misses the soft sound of someone’s throat clearing behind him.
Laying her back down on the cold sidewalk and turning away is anathema to him. He does it anyway. He has never understood Chuck as much as he does in this moment when he leaves his injured daughter to run into a bus full of strangers.
Sam tugs Cas into an awkward hug to prevent him from seeing the tears building up in his eyes.
A heat rises in Cas’s face, not borne of embarrassment or anxiety. An anger. Father or no father, he doesn’t like the very idea of this man, yelling and bloviating and looking for Dean when he clearly doesn't want to be found.
“Right.” Dean thinks he remembers James telling him goodbye. “James went home?”
“Yes. Yes, I want to be human. I want to grow old. And I want Dean to grow old, too. With or without me around. If he rejects this life with us I can take it. I’ve lost him before. What I can’t take is letting him suffer eternity alone when I have even the slightest chance to save him.”
“Yes, I took some a few hours ago.”
And it is a team — four agents they don’t know, plus Leahy and Reidy. Dean’s angry about this, and Cas is angry for him. Hiding seven people in the woods is much more difficult than hiding two or three, and Dean is still adamant they not approach the people of the compound. Reidy’s assurances that they won’t all ring false to Cas, and he knows they do to Dean, too.
Sometimes when conversations between Dean and Cas get really heated, and they start communicating with each other solely through steadily-held glares, it seems like Sam simply ceases to exist. He usually either quietly exits the room, or, when that’s impossible, remains so still that it feels like he isn’t actually there.
Cas takes a step toward Dean and says with conviction, “Never.”
It’s not that he didn’t want to — he planned one out, structured the bare bones of a rockin’ mix while driving back roads and thinking about the press of her lips on his bare shoulder, the way she shuddered his name during climax — it’s that they didn’t last long enough for him to make it.
“It’s vegetable soup,” he says. “I don’t have anything else.”
Cas nods.
Dean loves him, and now Cas needs to know it.
“So this is it,” he says without turning around. “You’re sneaking around to see Mary.”
“Where did you get this?” he asks, looking up at Cas.
, he thinks.
Dean’s lips curl up in a small smile. “I was like that as a kid, too. Stubborn as hell.”
The smile Dean gives him is faint. It doesn’t come anywhere close to that happy grin he wore when he watched Cas look in awe around the room.
A strong gust of wind shakes the house, and Dean buries his head under the blankets as a burst of lightning fills the room with blinding light. The resounding crack of thunder almost hides the sound of footsteps on the stairs, but it doesn’t cover Cas’s soft, “Dean?”
“If you have something to say Balthazar, then say it.” She’s never been great at being tactful with Balth.
Mary keeps her hand on the keys for far too long, lost in thought, wondering
Dean blinks.
“I’m going to need Claire,” he admits, and Anna laughs in his face.
“Why would you want to do that?” Dean asks shakily. “That’s your gift to me? To become human?”
To Lisa he says, somewhat defensively, “It’s not all for me. My partners should be back soon. I bought the other things for them.”
Cas tilts his head in confusion, which Dean takes to mean the noise cancelling function works fine. He pulls the headphones off Cas’s head, leaving his hair a mess where they drag through it. Dean resists the urge to run his fingers over the unruly locks by curling them into a fist.
“Sam...I don't... Mm. I don't think I'm going anywhere.”
“Alright. Um...Hold on. Okay. Uh, I got you.”
, brought back every fucking emotion and memory he’d been doing his damndest not to dwell on. It was almost paralyzing. Cloaking spell or no spell, he could feel the heaviness of the Empty sinking in. He took a shuddering breath, reminding himself that this was the
be an issue again. “I want you to stay. I
he couldn’t return that. And he...well, maybe he could’ve. He doesn’t fucking know. He just knows that he can’t go on living with this empty ache inside, this ache that cuts deeper every time he loses Cas. He
are gonna get them somewhere safe.”
“I never meant to hurt you, Dean, that was the
“Dean…”
“Dean...
, Dean was almost afraid to touch him in case it wasn’t real. He tentatively reached out, placing a hand on his shoulder. Underneath his hand, he could feel the dust from the ground, the worn feel of the coat, and the muscles in his shoulder moving - alive, alive,
to get him back, and then he can figure out how the hell to handle the rest of it.
“Well, when I first asked Jack to get you out of the Empty, he said that as God he didn’t -“
“You can be mad at me all you want once we're out of here. We’ll get past it, we always do. But right now we need to
“Dean?”
He wasn’t sure he was capable of replying to that. Cas had always been so sincere and open with him, but this was a whole new level and it would take some getting used to. He started to smile as he thought about the fact that he might actually be
Cas had tried to explain what the Empty was like, but Dean hadn’t been able to really comprehend just how overwhelming the dark would be. It was like nothing he’d ever experienced, which was saying something. He wasn’t sure how he was going to find Cas in this nothingness, but he potentially had a whole afterlife to do it in. Somehow, he would find him.
Cas raised an eyebrow at him. “With any
For all of the talk about how Dean was this selfless, loving person, Cas spent all that time loving him and just
They go on hunts. As much as he’s ready to go, he
pervades the room, and he can remember every awful moment of watching Jack - his son,
Even in the scope of afterlife in the Empty, it must’ve been a hell of a day for Cas if the facial journey he went on was any indication. Dean wasn’t sure at this moment if he was in greater danger from the Empty or from the angel glaring daggers at him.
), he hadn’t experienced true happiness. Their lives weren’t exactly a fairy tale, but knowing that the moments of joy that they did share were always lessened by this...thing...that Cas was keeping inside kinda just destroyed him. He was hurting his best friend without even fucking knowing it all this time. And he only found out when it was too late to do anything about it.
Sam didn’t know,
thing I wanted.”
we can all play catch up?” he said, hoping Cas would allow him the out. He placed a hand on Cas’s shoulder and squeezed, throwing him a (hopefully) charming smile.
of Cas, and it was nothing compared to the real physical thing. He could hear Cas’s breath - his
,” Dean said, ignoring the death glare, “Jack said that as long as you were under the Empty’s control, he couldn’t interfere. So I figured if I came down here and found you, it’d wake you up enough that we could pray and maybe Jack could get us out.”
But none of that really mattered, his own feelings didn’t fucking
He took Cas’s hand and pulled him through the door in the memory, depositing them back into the blackness. Dean was again kneeling beside Cas, clinging to his hand. For an eternal, agonizing moment, Cas remained as still death - but then his hand tightened around Dean’s, and his eyes opened, and Dean was about ready to cry in relief.
? You killed yourself to rescue me?”
“So, where the hell are we, and how do we get home?”
“Sam, Sam! Sam...Stay wi...Stay with me. Can you stay with me, please?” He closed his eyes, both to avoid looking at the misery on Sam’s face and to remind himself just why he was putting them through this - if this was the only way to get Cas back, goddammit, it would be worth it in the end. “Okay. Okay. Uh... right. Alright. Listen to me. Um...You get those boys and you get them someplace safe, alright?”
you,” he said, looking over Cas’s body for any sign of damage. He looked healthy and so
himself imagine it - but he sure as hell wasn’t going to miss his chance again. He rubbed at his face and took another steadying breath. “I never got to tell you that I love you, too, man.”
“No, no, no, no, no,” he blurted. He wished Sam could just automatically know that this time, he didn’t want saving. But then, that’s exactly what he’d been preventing, because it’d just make Sam try even harder. He just had to buy some time. “Don't... Don't... Don't move me. Don't move me. It feels like this thing's holding me together right now. Just give me...Just give me a minute.”
The thing about peace is that there is nothing peaceful about it. Sure, for the first time in as long as Dean could remember - hell, in his
“Yeah, well, you did. Of fucking
“Wait, you died on
, because he was
. Maybe, given time to think, he realized that his sacrifice wasn’t worth it. Or that he was wrong, and he really didn’t love him the way he’d thought, and if that was the case, Dean wasn’t sure what he’d do. Not that he had any fucking idea before either, but the idea of finally reaching Cas only to find him regretting and taking back what he said left him with a sinking feeling.
“Then I think I’m ready to be human, as long as it’s with you,” Cas said, smiling at Dean.
this was. Placing his hands on Cas’s neck, he could feel his pulse racing beneath his fingers, a match to his own pounding heart.
- he didn’t have the literal God out to fuck him over. But with all of the fighting, the pressure, the chaos gone? He had time to think, and that was the
“Yeah, you did,” he snapped, anger flooding him. “And when did I
- catch in his throat.
The weight of eleven goddamn years of unexplored what ifs lifted from his chest as he hungrily explored Cas’s mouth. A small voice in the back of his head told him he should be freaking out more about this, but it was nothing compared to the overwhelming sense of how
He was kinda hoping that wouldn’t come up. “Funny story, that...uh, you remember a few years back when Billie was all pissed at me and Sam and said she’d be sending us here when we died? Turns out that’s actually still a thing!”
Sam looked between them, a smile slowly building on his face. “
talk about this later.”
Dean woke up, disoriented and flat on his back in what seemed to be a field. He sat up slowly, automatically checking for any injuries. It was kinda absurd how many times he’d ended up in this position, with no idea how he’d gotten there. Looking to his side, he could see a figure stirring. It wasn’t until he started to stand up that he remembered.
me, and then to watch you die
, about the way his blood was still on his jacket, about the way that he barely survived the last time he lost him…
Cas reached up, wiping a tear from Dean’s cheek, and without thinking he leaned into the touch, turning and kissing his palm. It was all so
to him!”
“Yeah, Billie might’ve done something, but we could’ve figured it out! You just…” Now was
He goes back to being Dean Winchester, lover of ladies, pie, cars, and classic rock. The version of him that’s never entirely been a lie, but hasn’t exactly been the full truth either. If Sam notices that he’s reverted to the shallow shell he’d finally crawled his way out of over the last few years, he doesn’t say anything.  Slowly the concerned glances start to be outnumbered by eyerolls, and things seem normal enough.
Cas was gone, and against all odds Dean was still here. And he had nothing to do but to think about just how much that
from him. After the things Cas said...well, he has no idea what he would’ve said, but he hates that he never even had a fucking chance to respond. If he’d known, if he’d
He walked further into the darkness. It was impossible to get his bearings, and all he could do was hope he wasn’t walking in circles. He’d been so focused on just getting here, he managed to avoid thinking about what he was going to say when he actually found Cas, and now...well, now he was here and he had abso-fucking-lutely nothing else to distract him.
“Of course it is, who else would be dumb enough to try to rescue you?” He smiled, trying to go for charming, but probably landing closer to tearfully constipated. “Here, take my other hand, let’s get you up.”
She didn’t so much as twitch in recognition. Bracing himself against her potential waking, he reached out to tap her shoulder and, just like that, the dark faded into the bright lights of heaven. The woman was standing in a crowd of angels, listening with rapt attention to something Lucifer was saying - he wasn’t sure how he knew it was him, he certainly didn’t have the same vessel, but he had no doubt. It wasn’t until he heard a sob from behind him that he realized there were
Except, except that suddenly Cas was pulling away. He took a step back and gave Dean a skeptical look. “Wait, but
? He didn’t know jackshit about romantic love. The only serious relationship he’d ever been in had ended in near death experiences and angel-induced amnesia. And even when it’d been going well, he’d still felt like he was playing pretend. How the fuck was he supposed to know what that really felt like? He just knew that life was better with Cas than without him, and he wanted -
to get used to something so wonderful.
Suddenly, Dean wasn’t alone. A woman lay in front of him, eyes closed, completely still. He didn’t see her appear, but he knows she hadn’t been visible just a moment ago. So that’s how it worked here, good to know. Stumbling on people by random fucking chance.
much worse. Dean could feel a blush creeping up his cheeks, and he ducked his head, avoiding eye contact with both Cas and Jack.
Dean swallowed hard, looking Cas over, not quite
Jack beamed at Cas, always proud to receive compliments from his father. “I missed you. I can’t wait to tell you all of the things I’ve been doing up in Heaven, I think you’d really like it now.”
of something else, like everything was just falling back into place and he was
“No we can’t
with him. He may not have said that exactly, but what the hell else could he have meant with that whole speech, especially the part about not being able to have what he wanted? No, his best friend was in love with him and he didn’t have a fucking clue what to do about it. He hadn’t ever really
did you get here?”
An hour later, after many tears (more from Dean himself than he’d prefer to admit) and splashes of holy water, they all sat at the bunker table, beers in hand as they caught each other up.
“How about we head back home, let Sam know we’re alive, and
He approached her slowly. No real way to tell if she was angel or demon, and neither option was all that appealing if she woke up. But he had to at least try to get some kind of information.
now - he’d been overwhelmed by their contact in the Empty, but realized now that that had only been like the
lot to unpack about
going to give up. I just...I hope you can hear this.”
Dean and Jack glanced at each other guiltily.
big brother and trying to figure out why he died with hex bags in his pocket.”
Probably Cas was thinking about his brothers and sisters, suffering here alongside him because of things he felt were his fault. Dean wished he could comfort him, let him know that he was
hurt and how there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it.
“I can’t believe this.” He shook his head, scowling.  “Dean, I died to
“Not exactly?” He flashed him a sheepish smile. “I just...didn’t prevent it from happening, that’s all.”
Somehow, having made the decision to risk his life - or, more accurately, end his life with only a chance at returning - things got a little easier. It didn’t stop the nightmares, or the constant loop of Cas’s last words playing in his head, but it gave him purpose and a mission. And if there’s one thing he knows how to do by now, it’s play a role long enough to get the job done.
“I don’t know if any of this will get through to you, but I am so sorry, man. I should’ve said something, I should’ve noticed something before. I know our lives are bullshit, but it’s just so unfair. I’m mad at you for leaving like that again, and I miss you so fucking much, and I am
“I’m sorry for not asking first,” Jack said, smiling sheepishly as he walked towards them. “But while I was able to pull your souls out of the Empty, I had to leave your grace behind, Castiel. Based on some of our past conversations, I assumed you wouldn’t mind.”
you to stay”
of the woman - the one in the crowd, and the one further back, crying and screaming out at her other self, “don’t
“Cas, where are you?” he asked, half in prayer and half in exasperation. He theoretically had an eternity to search this place, but not knowing how much time was passing back at home was weighing on him. As much as he’d psyched himself up for the possibility that dying for good would be worth it if he could just get Cas out of here, he really, really wanted to live. When he thought about being out there, Chuck finally defeated and Cas back by his side...he wanted it more than he’d let himself want anything in a long time.
Jack but also unable to believe what he was hearing. Cas looked like his normal self, albeit a little more flushed than usual.
“Uh, no, we’re good,” Dean managed to cough out. He glanced at Cas, who was grinning at him now.
“Mourn no more, Sammy. I think I’m really ready to live.” He turned to Jack. “How ‘bout you, kid? How’s it going being God and all?”
“Speaking of Heaven,” Cas said, frowning. “Can someone please explain to me how Jack ended up being the new God?”
She looked back to her other self, tears welling back up in her eyes. “There’s no helping anyone here.”
happy if he just stuck around. He hated knowing that in the years since he made the deal to save Jack (and completed it to save Dean, stupid, selfish
, I am so happy for you both.”
Cas shrugged. “I’m not certain that’s what I am anymore, Dean.”
in order to honor the sacrifices Cas and Jack made.
Cas.”
thing he wanted.
Cas was
“Hiya, Cas,” Dean said, weakly. “I’m here to rescue the fair maiden.” He grimaced. Nothing like realizing you’re in love with your best friend to make you start talking like you’re LARPing, right?
“That was…” Cas trailed off, pulling back far enough to look at Dean.
“No kidding. I’m looking for someone, can you help me?”
He stepped forward and wrapped Cas in a hug, squeezing him so tightly he’d be worried about doing damage if, you know, he weren’t an already dead angel. It seemed to catch him off guard for a second, but he quickly returned the embrace. It wasn’t quite like it would be in life, it all felt just a little less real, but oh fucking
Cas looked confused and worried, and Dean was rendered speechless. Why the hell had he doubted for even a second if he could return the feelings? Of fucking
“No, of course not!” he said in a rush. He cursed himself for bring it up - and for ever having done it at all, no matter how long it’d been since Cas forgave him. He couldn’t let Cas think that would
Cas glared at Dean, but he could see the fondness leaking through. “Fine. But we
Dean was in deep.
. Maybe not actually flesh and bone (but then...angels didn’t have souls, exactly, so what was it that was here in the Empty?), but he might as well have been, he was so
And maybe he
“And you’re really okay with this?” he asked, lifting his eyes to meet Cas’s. “I don’t exactly remember you loving being human the last time around.”
“Hey, lady,” he called out.
“Yeah. Um... alright. I'll call for help. I'll get the first-aid kit.”
compared to the memory playing out behind him.
to be happy, that maybe they could
“Will he be okay, though?” As much as it warmed his heart to see Cas and Jack reunited, there were more pressing issues right now.
His stomach sank. Whatever was happening, Cas without his grace never ended well. “Excuse me?”
“Let’s go find those kids, get them outta here,” Sam said, watching as the last vamp’s head rolled to a stop.
“Dean…” he said, going still. “Are you absolutely sure you meant what you said?”
