Mycroft: lol but like
“And today?”
“Look.” Sherlock leaned forward slightly. “If Moriarty has sent me an invitation to chat, I’m going to accept it. I want answers. I
~o~O~o~
EDIT: a wonderful commenter reminded me of this <> tumblr post about using oil from fingers to guess PIN codes on number pads, as Sherlock does in the chapter. In so doing they also reminded me to mention a discussion on stackexchange that made me think of it in the first place — there’s a fair bit of literature about using fingerprints and the oil/smudges from fingerprints to guess passwords. Finger-drag passwords on phones can be guessed with something like 90% accuracy, according to a study by the University of Pennsylvania in 2010; PIN passwords are somewhat harder to guess, but I know I spent a fair bit of time examining the very visible fingerprints on my phone screen while I was writing that bit. XD
“So I guess we’re not going to learn anything from her now beyond what we can learn from looking at her body,” said Lestrade, thinking aloud. “Well, it’s how normal police work is done.”
John sat up fast, and his entire body ached as he did, and he looked left and right all around the room.
“Right,” said Mycroft slowly, and he looked back down at the stack of paperwork lying on the desk. “The effort is appreciated.”
“Do you think,” said John blithely, “if your face was covered in plastic wrap, I could punch you without dying?”
And Zhi Zhu stirred.
“You can’t even touch me, moron,” said Sherlock.
“What the hell are you doing?” John demanded, watching all of his things vanish into the bag, and he started forward with the intention of taking the bag away.
Lestrade looked between them. He pointed, rather feebly, at Hope. “So—did he just…?”
Sorry for the delay with this chapter -- my thesis tragically claimed all my time and all my energy this week. Is it summer vacation yet...? What do you mean the semester's only just started jdbksjsgkjsbdgjks
“Sherlock, didn’t you hear the bell?” Mrs. Hudson demanded, watching the two men throwing things across the room. “The police are here—you’ve got another one. Really, the two of you, you’re acting like children instead of fully grown men. I’m not cleaning this for you, I’m really not.”
“Just—let’s just be careful?” pleaded John. “We don’t know what he’s hoping to get out of all of this. He has to have a reason for sharing so much with you.”
"Questions," repeated Watson, clearly not understanding. "But didn't you just say I was de—“
“Moriarty,” said Sherlock, wrapping his scarf around his neck, “whatever Moriarty is, is trying to eliminate any existing evidence of their crimes. You are that evidence. They’ve already proved willing to kill and steal bodies from morgues. You’re supposed to be dead. Imagine the potential consequences if you were seen by someone associated with Moriarty.”
Sherlock patted him on the shoulder. “I leave the rest to you, Inspector.”
“About all of this,” said Sherlock. “About the documents for John. About being involved. About… helping. It’s not as if it doesn’t have risks. And you’re the one who always said caring isn’t an advantage.”
“Getting abducted was stupid,” said John flatly, and Sherlock looked away resentfully. “Going out like that on your own was stupid. Keeping everything to yourself was stupid.” He paused, and added, “Refusing help when you obviously need it is stupid.”
John shifted his grip on his pillow—still poised to hurl it at Sherlock if he made a move for the things under the bed—and shook his head. “One, I don’t believe you. And two, even if that were true, I’m not you. I don’t give a toss about being objectively reasonable if it means giving up now. And I understand you don’t like that. But these four walls and the things within them are the only things in the entire world that I have any claim to, and I’ll be damned if I let you change that without a bloody good reason.”
“… Did?” asked Lestrade, but Sherlock was already across the room and at the window, looking down the street.
you for this,” he said.
Moriarty glanced at his wrist, where Sherlock noticed an expensive analog watch, before returning his gaze to Sherlock. “Well, a little added time pressure might help move this conversation along.”
“Hm?”
the title—“
“I agree. I thought I should force the issue. Why bore myself waiting? I already knew I had your interest, if not your full attention.”
More importantly, he was standing on one of the chairs heaving one stack of books after another onto the floor from the shelves along the wall. “Why did I let you get my flat cleaned?” he demanded, without turning around, and he chucked another stack of books onto the carpet with a loud, dull
It wasn't like this was an entirely foreign concept. His was a logical mind, and he understood the concept that good science was impartial science. Objective science.
“Maybe that was a little bit overdramatic,” commented Sherlock.
Lestrade buried his hands deep in his pockets. “You doing all right? I guess this must be – pretty weird.”
“He’ll never let you into the house,” protested Kitty.
“You and I both know the stakes are very much different now,” Sherlock replied. “And higher.”
As soon as he noticed Sherlock walking in his direction, he raised his head in acknowledgement. “Should you really be walking?” the man said, loud enough for his voice to carry its criticism across the street and smack Sherlock in the face.
Sherlock sat up a little straighter.
“Really, Sherlock, after all the trouble I took locating you, the least you could do is try to be civil.”
The scene John and his colleagues arrived at was an unexpectedly quiet one. A number of soldiers and a few translators were clustered around a building they frequently used as a base of operations within the city. A pair of soldiers stood at the door, long-range sniper rifles on straps over their shoulders, smoking cigarettes.
Sherlock coughed out a tense laugh. “And to think you’d wanted to sleep in.”
“You removed yours?” said Sherlock, almost disappointed. “I wanted to see. I’m curious how your body can heal what was originally a fatal injury. And stitches are always interesting. Wonderfully diagnostic scarring.”
Another slightly-longer-than-usual chapter!
. You can’t tell me I’m not allowed to be here for this case now. It’s a couple months too late for that.”
Now standing, John hurried around his chair—dodging Sherlock, careful not to bump into him as they both flew about the flat in a full-blown panic—and made for the stairs up to his bedroom.
"I touch you, you die again," said Sherlock succinctly.
John plucked at the hem of his sling with one hand in an agitated gesture. “I don’t know if I even believe you.”
In many ways, Sherlock had been expecting this message sooner. Mycroft never let anything go without scrutinizing it, and John standing with him at the scene of his rescue was never going to have been an exception.
“Basically.” Sherlock aimlessly refreshed his blog again, and scowled at the lack of messages.
Something about getting a cab seemed a little… off.
She was
Young Sherlock poked him with a shoe. “I told you to leave me alone,” he said, heart pounding and heart soaring all at once.
“Are you… scared? Of Moriarty?”
. No. Sherlock never felt guilt.
“You can assess your wellbeing later,” said Sherlock curtly. “I would rather not linger. It’s the middle of the night, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have to be careful.”
Sherlock stumbled back towards the stairs, perpetually on the verge of falling over but never actually falling, and stopped short as John stepped in his way.
“What’s the link between you and the cabbie? It’s not just your life and his death. ‘Tell them it was M—‘. I’m willing to bet the informant was beginning to say ‘tell them it was Moriarty’.” This was the name of the game. Sherlock was certain of it.
John looked up from where he was sitting in his chair with a book at the sound of Sherlock shouting from the floor below. A second later, footsteps on the stairs announced Sherlock’s arrival, and the Detective positively bounded into the living room of 221B.
John had cleaned and prepped the wound, removed any remaining debris, and catalogued the damage as he went. The wound was relatively clean, and the arteries, muscle, and bone that had been severed by the impacting bullet really had been repaired when Sherlock brought him back. That being said, the arm was still a little weaker than normal, and his shoulder was sensitive to the touch. Or at least it felt that way mid-procedure.
“Really?” said Amberley in surprise, his anger vanishing instantly. “You mean he’s actually coming?”
Sherlock’s goddamn perfect memory made it redundant for him to write down much of anything in terms of addresses and phone numbers, but John was sure there had to be a copy of the mobile number he needed somewhere in the flat. He tore the living room apart, and then the kitchen, until at last—tucked inside a cookbook being used to raise a Bunsen burner to a more agreeable height—he found a business card with Lestrade’s mobile number scribbled on the back. He raced back downstairs, and he dialed Sherlock’s mobile again.
“So he could scare me? Embarrass me? Impress me?” Sherlock suggested, and he gestured vaguely. “Prove he is my equal?”
Lestrade took a patient breath, leading the way down the hallway to the morgue itself. "All right. Now, I don't know if we'll have much access, and of course there's already a formal inquiry. But, you and I both know you'll have better insight than typical investigators."
interested in?
“Nothing incriminating,” answered Sherlock. “But I won’t know for sure for a while yet.”
“Do.” Sherlock took his scarf and wrapped it around his neck. He gave John a sweeping glance.
John laughed. “And I’m sorry if I punish you for being, well, you. You can’t just turn off your head, can you?”
“That was
John had barely opened his mouth before Mycroft plowed on relentlessly.
Sometimes random passerby could be incredibly convenient.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Obviously,” said Sherlock.
“No, he’s not,” said John, standing and setting the paint-stained sponge down. “I’m his neighbor,” he continued, lying smoothly. “I could pass on a message, if you like.”
"You died," confirmed Sherlock. He consulted his watch. Watson had adequately relayed the final words and his final view of the scene in a comfortable twenty-one seconds (dying informant, shrapnel, terrified look, turn, light, grab, "M", dead), leaving fifteen seconds to use as he pleased.
One seemingly highly improbable solution, then.
Sherlock braced himself and walked to the door slowly. John followed behind, closing the door of Lestrade’s car and then trailing behind at a safe distance. Lestrade got out of Sherlock’s way, and Sherlock entered, mumbled a “Thank you” to Mrs. Hudson, and started up the stairs without delay and with infinite slowness.
For some reason.
“Where the hell am I.”
“I should hope not. But just
Anyway, back to the chapter ~
John stared. “You’re
Sherlock’s phone buzzed.
Sherlock nodded. He glanced at John, and he could see unease and optimism battling in his expression. Soo Lin’s expression was increasingly determined. “You came to me, not the police,” said Sherlock, looking closely at Soo Lin. “So clearly there’s something you think I can do that they can’t.” But he knew the answer as soon as he opened his mouth, before Soo Lin had uttered a single word. More than that, he knew exactly how much she knew about his Gift. “You think you’re going to die before you can pass on the information. You came to me because you – knew that wouldn’t be a problem for me.”
Mycroft looked at him, his expression unreadable. “Get out,” he said again, still quiet. He could have screamed it, and it would have felt just the same.
John nodded. “Now that I’m not wearing a bomb? I’m great.”
Mycroft shook his head yet again. “No. Sherlock might be helping you of his own accord because he thinks he can work around the law, or you’re forcing him to. Personally, I don’t care about the answer. Either way it places his entire career at risk. As well as the integrity of entire divisions of Scotland Yard, if you’ve gotten them involved. If this came to light, that someone as questionable as you had managed to con the police and Sherlock, their careers would end. There could be criminal charges against them, even. My brother may be willing to play with fire, but I’m not. I’d rather take this to the source—to you, and give you the option of disappearing now and forever of your own free will, or I will see to it that you effectively drop off the face of the Earth.”
that,” said John, rolling his eyes. “And it’s been getting on my nerves. They’re supposed to be on duty. Lestrade gives his people free reign, and I could even understand if you being here bothers them, but you don’t get away with that nonsense when you’re a soldier. If you can’t be professional when you’re on duty, then you shouldn’t be on duty. Plus,” he added, when Sherlock continued to look mildly flummoxed, “you’re not a freak.”
John was making his bed when the floor suddenly shuddered beneath his feet with a thunderous crash. He stumbled, catching himself to stay upright, and his heart skipped a beat.
Not quite as action-packed as previous chapters, but I do like to get a little bit of downtime in for our boys. Gotta build these characters somehow, though I hope it was still entertaining to read!
Sherlock snorted. “No, they took them willingly.” He picked up both bottles and held them up, examining them. Perfectly identical in every way. “I am confident our cabbie here made this a contest. Hope would pick up his victims and offer them a choice. He would drive them away somewhere secluded and present them with both bottles, and a chance to escape with their lives. They would choose a bottle, and always choose wrong. They would die by their own hand, because he made them choose.”
“But I want to be here,” John insisted. “I want to be involved. This is where I want to be.”
“No, you’re doing what you always do, and lie and make up stories and isolate yourself so you can keep your secrets without having to acknowledge there are consequences,” said Mycroft.
So. Forward or backward?
John craned his neck to the side, and tugged at his shirt collar until the scar over his heart was just visible.
“What aren’t you telling me?”
“Ha!” Sherlock sat back, still grinning. “Right. A nice thought, but Gruner is an unparalleled authority in Chinese pottery, especially of the Ming dynasty era. You could have studied for a solid twenty-four hours before meeting him, and it still might only have been sufficient for a few minutes of distraction. I confess that might have mattered if Kitty hadn’t been there to, ah, ‘help’, but there was no point in exposing you while Moriarty is on high alert for signs of what happened to your body. And Gruner proved even more dangerous than I’d expected. But I’m sorry to have deprived you of the excitement.”
“Well?” prompted John. “What’d they find out about him?”
“Why all the questions?”
He had to learn the specifics of his Gift.
“Oh…” Sherlock thought. “If I win, I get to try out that new camouflage technique I’ve been wanting to try—“
John looked down at his shoulder. His neck was stiff from craning down to peer at his shoulder while he worked, but he painstakingly made the second-to-last stitch, and then the last stitch, with a loud exclamation of “BLOODY
Two minutes and nine seconds later, one had crumpled with his arse in the air, another was curled up in agony after unintentionally attempting a full split as Young Sherlock knocked his feet from under him, the third was massaging his head and wailing (having just run straight into a wall), and their leader was staring in open horror at Young Sherlock, who had acquired his fifth bloody nose and first victory.
“No one is going to recognize him,” interrupted Sherlock.
John let out a long-suffering sigh. “Of course you don’t. The very notion has you in a horrible mood.”
“Then… from his late wife?”
Or not at all. It might have stopped.
He looked at the skull on the mantelpiece. “You don’t think…?”
with anger.
He became obsessed with knowledge.
"So if you have to go, then…" Another very careful step, and Sherlock stopped just out of range of John's offered hand.
He was trapped in a locker room somewhere, with no way to call for help, having been carefully drugged and abducted from 221B, and Moriarty—the person responsible for his death two months ago—was the reason why.
John bustled about for a few minutes making tea, and when he’d made two cups, he set one on the kitchen table next to Sherlock, carefully placed amidst the various scientific instruments scattered across the surface. Sherlock ignored it, then looked back at it sharply.
“Could have fooled me,” said John, taking a steadying breath, before readjusting his gloves and resuming.
“So we know it’s the same person?” said John, sitting in his chair with yet another mug of tea in his hands.
Of course Mycroft wouldn’t suspect magic, or whatever Sherlock’s ability to reanimate the dead was. Of course he wouldn’t think it could be something like that.
," said Sherlock flatly. The case at hand remained interesting, but only insofar as he had nothing more diverting to occupy his time. Sherlock did not, however, appreciate being dragged in simply because he was convenient. He didn't like being used for his Gift. It was, after all, more or less the reason his Rules existed. So that no one
“No,” said the Detective. “Here is as good as anywhere. If that explosion was supposed to kill me, I would be dead. So you can all stop worrying and save it for when I’m really in danger.”
“I don’t kid.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
~o~O~o~
Sherlock’s heart missed a beat. Missed several. Quite possibly stopped. The Detective forced himself to breathe.
Moriarty beamed. “Ding-ding-ding. Just so.”
Sherlock looked at his phone reluctantly.
Lestrade nodded. “You’ll see.”
John considered this before nodding again, more amused by Sherlock’s vaguely insulting way of speaking than anything, and too in-need of tea to disagree. “Okay. Okay, that’s reasonable, I suppose. Tea and bed.” He looked around. “Do you mind if I stay here the night, then? I can get out of your way tomorrow once I’ve—you know, once we’ve sorted things, but for now…”
“SHERLOCK,” yelled John.
Mycroft stalked over to Sherlock, evidently out of patience. “I’m sorry,
“Kind of?” said John. “He’s a psychopath. You’re not. Big difference.”
“Stop apologizing already,” said Sherlock, blinking and running a mental check of his brain functions. Everything seemed in order. Unless smuggling a person out of a morgue after only having interacted with them for less than ten minutes was the action of an insane person, in which case, he’d whacked his head harder than he’d thought.
Sherlock awoke to the sound of gunfire and shouts. He sat bolt upright in bed and snatched his harpoon from beside the mattress before sprinting to the door. “John!” he shouted, but the gunfire and intermittent yells persisted. “JOHN!” Sherlock shouted, barreling into the sitting room with his harpoon brandished in his hand.
“Then we should go too.” Mycroft turned and stalked to the closest of his cars, opening the back door. He climbed in, and John followed suit, as Mycroft snapped to the driver, “221B Baker Street. With haste.”
“It was fine. If long. She’s very sweet,” said John. “Really, though, I’m sorry. But I couldn’t very well kick her out or ignore her or whatever.”
people?
And once again, thank you all so much for your patience, and thank you for reading! <3 Your feedback makes my day and keeps me going :') <3
Who even
“No, no, I know,” said John quickly, and after a moment of thought, he at last looked reassured. “Thank you,” John added.
"Yeah?" came John's voice.
Sherlock nodded, for once willing to surrender to sleep.
In any case, for once, it’s John who isn’t sure how to go about dealing with his emotions. We’re just trading angst from character to character now… no one is safe… :\
“Actually, I’m going about you,” said Sherlock. When John only looked confused, he added, “I’d been reluctant to go back there about your case before now because I’m well known there, and I know the staff will remember you rather well, since it was your body that up and vanished from under their noses. But now things have died down a little, and I want to go make sure I have all of the details. After all, you can only tell me what you remember from before you died. Lestrade can only tell me what was relayed to him—he’s obviously not looked into your case, since he knows where your body ended up. Lestrade’s fine and all, but he’s a bit of an idiot. He won’t have continued work on the case now that he’s aware that I’ve been dabbling. The case has, in all likelihood, gone cold. So the only way I can get more information about what happened to you between you dying and you turning up on a slab in the morgue is
,” said Sherlock again, and he thought he sounded rather like John in saying it—steadfastly and pointlessly pointing out the world’s obvious injustices.
A few seconds of close inspection confirmed what Sherlock already knew to be true.
Could Shan have realized, in those few seconds of returned life, precisely
John looked at him uncertainly. “I haven’t done anything.”
John had expected they would drive to the Yard, or something like it, so he was surprised when the car drove right past the police station. Instead, they continued south through Westminster towards Vauxhall along the Thames, and when the car finally
We're moving into the final arc of the story now and I'm very excited about it
this quickly. Two hours is hardly enough time for the tension to really start to build.”
“Sherlock!” she said, flustered, giving him a smile. “Hi! I haven’t seen you in – well, I mean, it’s been – how are you?”
The almost inaudible tick of the second hand on Moriarty’s watch seemed deafening.
“You tell me.” Moran picked up the lighter, igniting a little flame a few times before dropping it back onto the table. “I didn’t find you particularly compelling in the few minutes we knew each other before I died. And I didn’t find you much more interesting in the few seconds before I blew a hole in your shoulder.”
“Flaky skin on the laces from eczema. Powers would have needed medication. Likely used creams to help with his skin.” Sherlock retreated back to the kitchen, and John followed, setting the tray on the counter before returning his attention to Sherlock’s findings. Sherlock was gesturing to his microscope. “He would have touched the ointments and applied them to his skin, to his feet. There are traces of the poisonous bacteria inside the shoe, and the laces. It’s long dead now, but then it would have been potent and easy enough to do. It wouldn’t be that challenging to introduce the poison into his medication in quantities adequate to kill him. It only takes seventy-five milligrams of toxin to be deadly.”
Sherlock took a breath, and glanced at John again. John’s hands were covered in blood, and his shirt was splattered with it along the sleeves and chest. The hand monitoring Soo Lin’s pulse was perfectly steady, as was the hand holding his jacket in place over the wound. His gun was discarded carelessly on the floor.
To Sherlock, it wasn’t obvious. Maybe it should be, but it made sense somehow that Sherlock could see all the things people missed and then fail to see the obvious things for himself.
“Spare me the asinine insults for once, if you please. I have heard them all and I am tired of it,” he snapped, standing up straight as a rod and clenching his little hands into fists.
“And you know what’s really fucked up about it?” John shifted, rubbing the scar over his heart as if it still hurt. “If I had succeeded—if I’d somehow managed to keep him alive—I probably wouldn’t have died. I’d still be – alive. Alive the first time. If he’d lived, I would have lived too.”
John could have come face to face with the person who’d ordered the sniper’s shot that killed him, had Sherlock been any later.
But it fit.
Sherlock’s face set. “Not if I can help it.”
“Carl Powers, John.”
Sherlock and John spent a little longer with Soo Lin, chatting about their respective plans, and after a while they said their farewells with a promise to return in a few more days before she was officially released from the hospital. They left the hospital, flagged another cab, and set off on the drive along the Thames to meet Mycroft. The visit with Soo Lin had been an unexpected lift to both of their spirits. Even John, who immediately looked tense just at the thought of Moran or Moriarty now, seemed much more at ease than he had in recent days.
“Look, either you have something to do with it or you know who does,” snapped Lestrade, and he glanced around the hall to make sure no one was within earshot before he continued. “You were in there for a long time yesterday. And I don’t buy that it was just because you were thinking and enjoying making me jumpy as hell. So you tell me what you—“
“All right.” John sat up a little straighter. “So—how do we find the people Gruner’s been blackmailing?”
“To start, Gruner’s wife died two years ago.”
“Yeah. Right here.” The cabbie tapped the top of his head. “No cure.”
“I could sit in front of your door so you wouldn’t be able to leave without touching me and potentially killing me,” said John. “After a while you’d be forced to comply with bed rest.”
But this did little to assuage Young Sherlock’s discomfort. And, while a large percentage of Young Sherlock’s discomfort was due to the fact that he could bring dead things back to life with a single touch, there was a little something to be said for the discomfort of being a lonely boy with no friends but many enemies.
“One.” Sherlock brought up a webpage on his laptop and turned the screen for John to see. On it was a photograph of a middle-aged man, with short hair, small smile, and an intense gaze. His picture was alongside a blurb for a large antiques brokerage. “His name is Gruner. He’s a world authority in Chinese ceramics.”
“Just—“ Lestrade looked guilty. “Until your brother stops watching your every move trying to figure out what’s going on with this Moriarty case and with John, I can’t help you. If I’m out of the job, then so are you, so my hands are tied. Your brother could make life very difficult for me if he thought it would help him get his way. And you’re going to have to figure out some way to get him to drop this if you don’t want him bringing this to your doorstep.”
But Sherlock’s injuries, which were considerable however you looked at them, took precedence over everything else. John could deal with the consequences of venturing outside the flat later. For now, he had to deal with Sherlock.
“So I’m right in thinking that no one in the Black Lotus gets their instructions directly from him?” asked Sherlock.
“Wonder how fast we can ruin Mycroft’s diet again if we leave that on the counter?”
“—and Moran is gone.”
tenants, and it meant a lot. For John, who only had his sister left (his mother had died when he was young, and his father several years later), it was an unexpectedly welcome presence. And John could imagine that for Sherlock—who had disconnected from his family by choice—the existence of someone to keep a motherly eye on him was something that he didn’t consciously know he was thankful for. That seemed to be Sherlock’s general mode of being, as far as John could tell. Ignorant of how something made him feel until someone expressly pointed it out—and then, it seemed to surprise the Detective that he had feelings as much as it surprised everyone else.
This back-and-forth with Moriarty could go on forever. Hadn’t Sherlock said it himself only a few days before? The game could potentially keep going, a constant exchange, until Moriarty made a mistake and shared too much. But Moriarty wasn’t the only person playing, and he wasn’t the only person who could share too much.
“You are,” said Soo Lin. “Shan did, when she was alive. She spoke with him both remotely as well as in person, though I do not believe she met him more than a handful of times. Whatever the communication method, she relayed his orders to us. Since she died, we have gotten our instructions more discreetly, through another.”
“Maybe because I know you?” said John.
For one second, John just stared in horror.
John blinked, and frowned, not expecting the question. “What? No. Why?”
“Mm.” John looked at Shan with a subtle edge of unease that gave his face a hard look to it.  “So it looks like that when you bring people back? That flash of light?”
"The med—" started Lestrade, just as the morgue door opened.
“I know it’s a little difficult for me to be there,” he went on. “It sounds stupidly like returning to the scene of a crime. But considering I wouldn’t be here if not for that cab driver, I ought to do something to pay my respects. And Sherlock should as well. I can hardly show up to a funeral, but this is something I could do. It couldn’t hurt to take less than a minute to talk to him. Even if that doesn’t make amends at all.”
John shook his head perplexedly. “All right, but…”
Moriarty made a face and smoothed his hair back, feigning embarrassment. “Can you believe that? I’d have guessed you brought him back to life, as if by
“You’re not hurt?” John asked.
Sherlock set the trainer down on the table. “Results from Bart’s. Lestrade and I dropped off a couple samples at the lab before he drove me back here. Mud, fabric, swabs of the outside and inside. I can do bacterial cultures here—“
John was asleep on the sofa.
John looked at the door. “Do we wait?”
“Do you only know one-syllable words? Don’t you worry—we’ll see each other soon. All in good time. You’re only the bait, after all.”
Leaving the mobile on his bedside table to charge, John dressed and made his way downstairs. He found Sherlock reclining on the sofa, the
missing? Tell me.”
“I’m disappointed that Mr. Holmes did not join you,” Mr. Amberley said.
Sherlock stood abruptly and walked past John, past Mycroft—even as both started to speak—and past everyone else until he reached the exit doors. He pushed them open, and vanished from view.
Sherlock sighed, but couldn’t fully suppress a reactionary fondness that tugged at the corner of his mouth. “He possesses an infuriating optimism sometimes. John is generally quite pragmatic, at least in a professional capacity—but the moment the focus turns to the emotional, he clings to positives. Determined to make the best of even the worst scenario.”
“And if he attacks John? You just said that was a risk. Why should John take the risk instead of me, you, or any of the people you
, without deductions or analysis, that she
help,” said Sherlock, also for the tenth time in an hour. “This is a distraction, not a problem, if it really is just a gas leak.”
“I’ll be wanting tea, whenever I get back,” said Sherlock, picking up his small stack of files.
“You can do it, John,” Sherlock sighed. He sat in the kitchen yet again, while John stretched out on the couch looking miserable. “I will just offer encouragement at odd intervals until the solution leaps to your capable mind.” He drummed his fingers on the table.
Sherlock suddenly perked up, looking at Lestrade. "Are you going to let me work on those suicides?" he demanded. "Is that what this is about? I haven't seen anything looking quite that interesting since—"
“Perhaps not right this minute, no,” admitted Sherlock, straightening up as much as possible with the beam at his back keeping him upright. “I just need time.”
We resume with an unexpected visitor… I’ll say more about alterations I’ve made to Soo Lin’s background and timeline in the next chapter, when she’s had a chance to talk about it herself. :D What I will say now is that I have changed the timeline of Soo Lin and Zhi Zhu/Liang’s involvement with the Black Lotus somewhat. Specifically, in the show Soo Lin had already left the organization years before her brother came to London; in my fic, that isn’t the case. All will be explained next chapter (which will be up very soon!), so stay tuned…
Murders are, after all, much easier to solve when you can ask the victim who killed them.
Watson shook his head apologetically. "Tell them it was "mm", and that was that," he said. "Sounded like the start of a name, like the letter M, but then - well, you know what happened. I guess I died."
Though Moriarty didn’t seem at all deterred by a gun aimed at his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
see you lovelies in a few days
A day late because of work being hideously busy, but here we are --
Is it? Is it actually… praise?
When John and Sherlock returned to the flat, they were greeted by Mrs. Hudson, who—in spite of insisting she was their landlady and not their housekeeper at just about every given opportunity—was making them a pot of tea.
were the one who brought him back to life. But then again—you’re
Locked. Of course.
Happy Halloween, everyone! Here’s a ~spoopy~ update XD
Nothing. Not even a twitch to reveal he’d heard John at all.
But it could not be impossible, for the impossible had happened.
Sherlock lied. He kept his distance. And he remained alone.
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction.
“Is she safe, if Moran’s free and armed again?”
John trailed off at the unabashedly exasperated expression on Sherlock’s face.
“Always so aggressive,” sighed the other man, lowering his umbrella again so that it tapped the ground with an irritated little click. “Has it ever occurred to you that we’re on the same side?”
“My sister,” answered John, shrugging. “Just when Mrs. Hudson mentioned family.”
“He’s an idiot.” Sherlock rubbed his eyes. “His expensive, idiotic legal counsel managed to get him house arrest on the pretense that he isn’t a British national and thereby shouldn’t be forced to sit in our jails pending a trial. So he doesn’t even have the relative protection that police custody would have afforded him. And obviously I can’t tell him outright that Moriarty might have ordered a hit on him, or he’ll do something stupid. He has a police officer monitoring him, and he has a tracking bracelet, so he’s convinced that he can wait this out. People always feel more confident when they’re in their own territory.”
His body ached, joints and muscles feeling strained or sluggish and unresponsive, but worst of all was his mind. It was
He could hear the sporadic thuds that marked John opening and closing dresser drawers and bathroom cabinets overhead. Progress.
John chuckled and kept writing.
“He sticks his nose in my business all the time,” said Sherlock sourly, and impatiently. “It makes it his business to know things regardless of whether or not anyone wants him to know. It saves me the trouble of needing to send a Christmas card, since he already knows nearly all of my business. This is nothing new. Get to the
John was seated in the window, and he looked up in surprise as Sherlock passed in front of the glass to enter the café. Sherlock made a beeline for John’s table and sat opposite him.
Mycroft let out a slow sigh. “That was my hope.”
, Inspector? Your lack of specificity is disappointing, as ever," said Sherlock, evading the discussion as best he could, and he continued on.
Hope raised his eyebrows. “… I’m dead, aren’t I?”
The assassin beside John let out a stunned, choked gasp, and his knees buckled. He crumpled and dropped to the floor.
“Can I ask you something?” asked John, picking up his own cup of tea, more for the warmth than anything else. “Something kind of personal. And also with the expectation that me bringing it up is not going to restart the debate about me leaving. Because that’s not happening.”
Sherlock crossed the room again, glaring down at the policeman with a blazing intensity. “No. You know what
"No one can know," said Sherlock, which part of him rather hoped was reason enough to say no, and remove the decision from his responsibility.
Three things became very clear.
Sherlock dithered, hands waving in midair in an effort to stop himself from seizing John and throwing him in the direction of the stairs (which would solve the issue of the dead man now living in his flat, but replace it with the much more difficult issue of the dead man lying dead in his flat). “Upstairs, hide, yes, go—don’t come out until I tell you—lock doors.
“Correct, Lestrade,” snapped Sherlock. “It’s not. There’s nothing funny about it.”
The gun in the drawer of the bedside cabinet, though only just out of reach, felt very far away.
“Hello?” called a voice suddenly from down the stairs. “Could swear I heard someone…”
The next day, Sherlock appeared in the living room dressed not in his usual long coat and scarf, but in a black blazer and matching trousers. The Ming dish had been packed away in a custom box he must have acquired when John had gone to bed.
John stopped dead. “… I’m sorry, what?”
“So you scratch their backs—“
~o~O~o~
“Why the hell would he—?!”
Then again, it would be hard to think anything else, if one minute you were in Afghanistan, and the next minute you were in London with a large hole in your shoulder and a rather haughty-looking stranger looking down at you.
“Because of Sherlock,” said Mycroft.
I think your next message was delivered to me???
Mycroft and John both turned their heads to look at him, and Sherlock was gratified to see that this had brought a small smile to John’s face.
said, I don’t give a shit.”
The expression on Mycroft’s face said that he’d been expecting as much. Maybe he was enough like Sherlock that he could tell from John’s face, body language, and voice that John was about as happy to be here as the dead flowers in the window. And a far cry more vocal about his grievances.
“But…?” said John.
John tried four more times, with the same result.
“I’ll consider it,” said Sherlock, very seriously. “It’s missing an actual apology, but the substance isn’t entirely without merit. I’m willing to put you on probation, and so long as you aren’t such a berk in the future, it might be sufficient.”
John smiled a little more. “So are you done trying to get rid of me now?” he asked after a moment.
“Of course,” said Mycroft. “To business. I’d like you to explain to me what
Why did everything have to take sixty seconds?
John coughed. “I’m sorry, what?”
Perhaps not every choice could be his.
John started looking. He couldn’t call the police in the obvious way, he knew that much.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. The name-calling had gotten old months ago. “I was summoned, Sergeant Donovan, as you should know full well. Your penchant for stupid questions does nothing to instill confidence in your abilities as an officer.”
John sat back, giving Sherlock a furious look.
But a hand touched his shoulder to turn him back around, and Sherlock—so used to avoiding every form of contact after decades of knowing exactly what his touch could do—automatically flinched away, glaring with narrowed eyes. “For God’s sake,
“So the ‘1 man’…” John frowned, thinking. “Is supposed to mean Moriarty is one person.”
“Because the loading dock door was busted open last night. I’m telling you, Sherlock, they got in through the loading dock.”
“The other day, when we were talking about Moran, you’d said something about how where he
They did not pick on him often, but when they needed someone to hit, it helped them to know there was always going to be someone who would never have any backup. After all, Young Sherlock had shut everyone out long ago. He did not call for help. Young Sherlock did not think it was wise for him to let people in, not when it was so easy for
“Oh,” said John. “But you’re staying here?”
“Are you quite finished?” he said, peering at John.
“This, these letters,” said John, touching Sherlock’s arm with one gloved finger. There was faint writing. The blood it had been written with had smeared and rubbed off in places, but it was obviously blood.
See you soon with the next chapter ~
“No, they’re not,” confirmed John. “So I’m simply going to suggest you don’t do anything physically strenuous for the next two or three weeks. And take full, deep breaths every hour or so, to stop things from getting infected. Just in case.”
John groaned and put his hands over his ears. “Not listening anymore, you’re making me anxious.”
And he’d just smashed through the biggest one.
John simply nodded. “Then whatever you know about Moriarty—if you
Lestrade closed Hope’s body bag and stowed the cabbie’s now forever-deceased body. “Look,” he said as he did so, “I’m going to be honest, I’ve had about as much as I can handle for one day, so if you don’t mind, I’m going to go take care of these serial suicides and you’re both going to go home and stop causing trouble.”
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock didn’t want to think about the alternatives.
“You. Overwhelmed,” observed Sherlock again. He was not surprised. Amused, perhaps. It seemed John’s thoughts were operating on some kind of delay system, which Sherlock thought stupid but not atypical. News of this kind might take time to process, after all. And Sherlock could only imagine what it would be like, to be on the receiving end of an event like his.
“Where the hell are we?” asked John.
“… death can wait.”
done—seemed to open up a vacuum that was effectively sucking all of the breathable air from the room, leaving him rooted to the spot with his mind both racing to understand and completely and impossibly blank.
Sherlock blinked. “But.”
“True,” said Sherlock. He steepled his fingers in front of his lips. “And it might be prudent to put Gruner on my Homeless Network’s radar.”
“They got in through the loading dock?” said Lestrade uncertainly. “What? They took out the alarm, broke the latch, and came right in. Apparently wandered around a bit, got into the morgue, removed the body, and then left the same way. It was still wide open this morning, and CCTV on the street did see an unmarked truck leaving from there in the middle of the night. Unscheduled.”
Obnoxious bastard.
“It’s not good at all.”
“Tea,” he said, looking around for John.
Alone was supposed to be good, yes? Alone protected him. Alone meant control. Alone meant no one else had to die in five minutes and thirty-seven seconds. Just him. Stupidly. Infuriatingly. Inevitably.
“So let me do what
Sherlock grunted.
John nodded.
The waiting periods were the worst part of every case. There always came a time where the only way to acquire information was to cast his net and wait for something to snag. But during those times, the usual stimulation and preoccupation that came with the case would ebb, as the lack of new developments would open up a temporary void of inaction.
“You work for Moriarty? You do, don’t you?” he demanded.
“I’ll know it when I see it.”
There was a long pause.
I'm so sorry for the unexpected delay between chapters - October turned out to be a pretty brutal month in terms of work. I have no good excuses, only terrible/predictable ones, so all I can do is beg your forgiveness and hope this chapter is worth the wait.
“So what’s it mean?” asked John, looking again at the writing on Sherlock’s arm, and Sherlock turned it to make the writing easier to see.
John smiled. “But I guess if I was you, I’d have done something more… dangerous, wouldn’t I?”
It was the only thing he could remember.
,” repeated John with some incredulity.
John shifted.
“It’s a code,” said Sherlock.
“… Which you’re happy about,” John noted drily.
“… I feel violated,” said Sherlock, the second he heard the click of John’s door as it closed after him.
“Five minutes of your time,” John retorted.
“Nothing to worry about,” said Sherlock firmly. “I’m fine, Mrs. Hudson is fine, you’re fine—we’re all fine. And your initial response to the whole thing was very prompt and competent.”
“Mm. Force of habit, with all this drama. I’ll stop when this is all over,” said Mycroft, stowing the pack and taking a lighter from his pocket. He lit the cigarette, held steady between his lips, and then held out the lighter.
Nine seconds.
Moriarty began to back up, a lazy meander to the distant doors at the far end of the pool. “If you don’t stay away, I’ll burn you. I’d hate to lose you, Sherlock, but I will burn you if you get in my way. I’m giving you this warning because I like watching you dance, and I might even want to use you someday soon. But if our paths have to cross like this again—if you cross
“Make up a reason.”
“Shove off,” snapped John, not even bothering to turn around at the sound of footsteps. “No one’s going to recognize me, so I really don’t see the harm in me going out for some air, and I bloody well am not going back to Baker Street until I sodding feel like it. So. Shove. Off.”
“I—oh.
Sherlock balked, shaking his head. “We don’t even know if we share this Gift like that!” he protested, voice edged with panic. “There’s no way to know if that would even work. The people you bring back might only be made dead again by you. My Gift might not have any effect on yours.”
would not undo what had happened to Soo Lin, or what might happen to everyone else unwise or unlucky enough to deal with Moriarty.
John rolled his eyes. “Come on. You’re the champion of objectivity. Don’t start telling me to be more worried. We don’t need to panic, not yet.”
John shrugged. “I don’t think I’d call you a freak. Obnoxious, without a doubt. Unusual, certainly. Not sure about freak.”
“What is it?” he asked.
Sherlock nodded in curt approval. “I suppose I have to concede that you do know what you’re doing.”
"If I had something truly useful, Lestrade, I wouldn't have taken so long," said Sherlock. "He had little to say. The important thing is that he didn't get much of anything out of the informant before he died. The letter 'M'. Likely the start of a name, given the context, though that can't be certain. A surname assumes a single identity, an alias assumes either a removed controller or a controlling entity. Those seem the most likely. So the start of a name of something, be it a person or an organization, but that’s all he had to say. I have essentially nothing else to go on."
“That sounds lovely, thank you,” said John, and he followed the landlady into the kitchen.
“Neither am I,” admitted John. He paused, and said, “I suppose we need to talk. About the me being alive… thing. And I have other questions too. I mean, all of that stuff you knew about me, yesterday. About me and how I died and everything. You really just—you know, figured it out on the spot?”
“I’m sure.”
“Fine.” Sherlock took a deep breath. “Then
While many of his people could hardly contain their lack of enthusiasm every time Sherlock appeared, and Sherlock was admittedly a pain in the arse to deal with, all Lestrade could focus on was how quickly his division's successful conviction rate was going through the roof. So he swallowed his pride, and so it was. Their partnership was born.
“That’s what people are typically doing at—“ check the clock “—seven in the morning.”
doing?” asked Lestrade, keeping his voice low and looking sidelong at the door of the flat to make sure Sherlock wasn’t eavesdropping. “Because he doesn’t
Avast, more dead people ahead
“Not exactly a damning picture,” said John. It still made his jaw clench.
“Clearly no point delaying our meeting any longer,” Sherlock replied coolly.
“And you were…” Sherlock scanned the woman’s face for similarities with Zhi Zhu, and found them. “… family. Siblings?”
John shrugged, and said, “Just be careful, okay? If I get a call from Lestrade that you never showed up to his office, and I have to go rescue you,
knows about Moriarty. And, in their defense, you have to find evidence of a bomb for it to have been a bomb.”
“The same way I came in. Keep to the left side of this hallway, it isn’t covered well by the camera at the far end.”
“We have to take it,” John finished, with a reluctant nod.
“You know that already. Where are we going with this?" demanded John uncertainly.
Molly nodded. “Probably because he went missing. I’m really sorry. I can’t do anything to help with that case.”
him, in those last few words when he’d brought her back, and he’d never even considered that this is what she meant. But she’d told him.
expect me to believe—“
Mrs. Hudson gave Sherlock a scolding look, and patted John on the arm. “Good luck with him,” she said, and hurried out of the flat and back down the stairs.
And then they rounded a corner, and there was noise.
‘. “You’re not thinking about this, Lestrade. As usual. You’ve formed your own stupid conclusions without bothering to collect any actual data. Think about who John Watson was. Why
John thought his legs might give out and he’d just slide to the floor. Adrenaline was making him feel sick.
"In a nutshell, the government’s foreign intelligence office received a call from some bloke overseas claiming he had information concerning a terrorist threat. A major terrorist threat, focused in London. But he wouldn't talk unless he could be guaranteed asylum and protection here. So—"
John rubbed his eyes, letting this new information sink in. After hours and hours of nothing, this almost felt like too much. “It all comes back to this supposed terrorist threat, right? The one you were all hoping the informant I was trying to help told me about before I died.”
Young Sherlock touched the sparrow again.
?” Sherlock demanded, the moment he and his brother were out of earshot.
The hair on the back of his neck stood on end.
John said nothing.
trying not to smirk, but he wasn’t trying very hard. “A rather gifted one, if I might add. So much so that Lestrade here and his entire squad of bumbling morons were convinced the deaths were suicides.” He nodded to Lestrade. “I told you they were serial suicides. Complete with a serial killer facilitating them. There are other geniuses in the world besides me. It would seem Jeff Hope was among them. And all he needed to turn his considerable mental abilities to crime was a little motivation.”
Finally, Sherlock sighed, and took out his mobile phone. He opened up the timer application, and reset it. He held the phone in one hand, and he held his other hand out carefully, an inch away from Watson.
Lestrade looked confused. “Say what again.”
John bit his lip, but he nodded as well. If Sherlock said it was important, John believed him.
, and—“
Sherlock straightened his scarf absently, still feeling flustered. He tapped his forehead—which still hurt from slamming into the lid of Watson's coffin—and said uncertainly, "Well, I can deduce the nature of the attack and the likely origin of the attackers based on the manner in which the attack was carried out and concluded. A—if you'll pardon the terminology—'stereotypical' attack by local terrorists would likely have attempted to remove all of the present individuals, potentially involving heavy gunfire. It would have been meant for all of you, and not just the informant. But we might infer that the informant seems to have been the primary target, since there was no gunfire at the time you arrived, as evidenced by the all-clear given before you rushed out there. So, we can presume to rule out local terrorists, or at least random terrorists. This could suggest, therefore, a targeted, skilled assault with the intention of eliminating a specific individual. The explosion would, in theory, be enough to kill, and you certainly saw evidence of that if there was indeed a fragment of shrapnel embedded in the man's chest. Without care, he wouldn't survive. Immediate care. So, unless medical responders such as yourself arrive on the scene, the man is dead, and no one is the wiser. Successful mission."
The red lights dancing on John’s chest vanished.
In any case, I’m excited to have finally reached this stage in the plot. Can I take the summer off from work and just write please and thank you
John, however, seemed to catch on that Sherlock was willing to consent to this deal. He smiled, and nodded, and sat back. “So. Any news?”
Sherlock nodded awkwardly, and turned his attention to his laptop, to type up a blog post for Moriarty (ACQUIRED. Camera containing evidence against antiques expert Gruner. 50+ charges for extortion/blackmail pending.).
“I am a freak,” said Sherlock automatically. “More than they even know, since they don’t know about the – you know, the thing I can do.”
The sound of the door opening wrenched John from restless sleep, and he sat bolt upright, bleary-eyed and halfway between sleep and panic.
Sherlock held Shan’s gaze. “You knew I was a threat the moment I started making genuine, informed inquiries about the pieces of Moriarty’s little empire, so you brought me in to scare me into silence. But that isn’t going to work. You know that now. Your gamble won’t pay off. Killing me will bring the whole of Scotland Yard and quite possibly the whole of England down on your heads, and you’ll all die. I get the feeling you won’t be able to hide from Moriarty. So, your best chance is to
and that’s all I’m going to say on the matter
“Quite sure,” said Sherlock. “Especially after experiencing the same situation that killed our two supposed runaway lovebirds only a few seconds ago.” Sherlock took a deep breath (John put a hand on his back to steady him) to clear his lungs and explained quickly. “John is the one who put me onto it, even if he didn’t realize what the facts meant. The whole house smells of paint, which calls attention to the odd fact that Josiah here suddenly felt like doing a little remodeling despite the fact that his wife just ran out on him. If painting or interior decorating were passions of his it might make sense, but no, he’s an old man whose only passion these days is playing chess. His back’s no good for painting a house this size for fun anymore. It would hurt. So, obviously, he’s doing it to cover up another smell. Gas, I think you’ll find. The strongroom is hermetically sealed—there’s not even a crack at the bottom of the door. It’s an old room, converted from a boiler room of some kind, so the old pipes are still in place, supposedly disconnected, but I think you’ll find, Lestrade, that the pipes have been reconnected to a gas line. It wouldn’t be hard for a person to reconnect them; in fact if John’s capable of fixing the sink at 221B then Josiah here could certainly do it—“
His mind turned him in the direction of failsafes.
John balked at the rather frank assessment, and said quickly, “I’m not, I’m – I’m fine. I’ll be just fine.”
I MIGHT PUNCH YOU IF IT WOULDN'T KILL ME, SHERLOCK
“What a surprise,” said Sherlock, teasingly sarcastic, and then he went on, “I can assure you that your bloody nose wasn’t for nothing. Moran confirmed that he was the one who killed you and the informant. He confessed to two counts of murder. And he didn’t deny being Moriarty’s second-in-command, and in so doing, he gave us the impression that he knows what Moriarty’s endgame is going to be. Soo Lin, the Black Lotus, Gruner—none of them actually had a clue what Moriarty wants; they just did what he told them to do. But Moran is different, and we know that for a fact now.”
“Absolutely no idea,” said Sherlock. He smiled. Really smiled. “But give me a bit, I’ve only been on the case for ten minutes.”
“Pretty much,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at it, finally giving John a dry look. "What is that."
The universe is rarely so lazy.
He opened his eyes again, with considerable difficulty, and forced them to stay open.
“Thanks.” John strode over to the linen closet, getting out a couple sheets and a warm throw. “Aren’t you having any? Tea, that is.”
“No!”
Sherlock had written ‘GRUNER’, ‘MORIARTY’, and ‘BLACK LOTUS’; he drew arrows between them, and continued, “Moriarty and Gruner partnered up, with Gruner falsifying the provenance certification for the antiques that Moriarty was helping the Black Lotus smuggle out of China,” said Sherlock. “In exchange, Gruner gets a cut of the profit.
“Sugar and milk,” he commented.
“Maybe I’m wrong,” said Soo Lin, in a tone that was more pleading than hopeful.
“Well, there’s no point in writing something you two morons won’t be able to figure out,” said Sherlock.
For twenty-five years, seven months, two days, twenty hours, and sixteen minutes, Sherlock had said nothing.
And then stopped, frozen in shocked disbelief, at the door.
How John gets out of this one...
John waited a full minute before he repeated the question.
Lestrade pointedly ignored him.
Why not? The Game was
The truth wasn’t his truth to tell.
“Not to mention I
Sherlock glanced at John, in a mute signal that if John wanted to say – whatever it was he wanted to say – now was the time. There were only fifty-two seconds remaining in which to say it, and Sherlock wasn’t sure he could stand doing this for even that much time.
“Why do you keep
As if on cue, little red lights appeared from nowhere, half a dozen winking into existence on his chest. Sniper dots.
He thought he could probably be persuaded to kill for a cigarette.
“Ah,” said Sherlock. “Just – you. No one else. Ever.”
John took some time to make notes about recent events—Shan’s death, what they had learned, the incidents of the day—while Sherlock sat curled in his usual chair, tapping away on his mobile as per usual.
AND I LOOK AT HIIIIM
“Define ‘value’.”
Lestrade didn’t immediately answer. Sherlock peered at him.
Sherlock turned his attention from the purpose of the meeting they had stumbled upon to the logistics of it. The important thing was not that people were speaking, but how many, how close, how calmly.
He blew air at John’s neck. John turned his gaze upward and clenched his jaw, craning his neck ever so slightly away from Moriarty.
“Not really, no,” said John. “So how about you tell me what you’ve figured out about this puzzle, and then we can figure out how to manage all of the people you need to keep informed.”
“When he is done with Gruner, he will come for the Black Lotus,” she said, desperation in her voice along with more and more exhaustion. “All of us will be dead in a few days at most. He’s eliminating every loose end that you might follow. This is your
In truth, John wasn’t sure he knew what he was doing. He’d come prepared—at least, as prepared as he could be—to move Sherlock, whatever condition they found him in, but he had no idea if it was possible to get out of this.
This based on the available data from the people he normally interacted with. Lestrade might go mad, Mrs. Hudson would surely get very bored and very annoying very quickly, his family was not an option, and people like Lestrade’s lackey Anderson—Sherlock couldn’t decide who would kill who first.
It took Young Sherlock the remaining thirteen minutes (of the fourteen minutes it would take for him to come to the conclusion that this was simultaneously a tremendous gift and a terrible problem) to deduce that the life of the house sparrow and the death of the dove were connected.
“I don’t want any of your attitude,” retorted their landlady, shaking a reproving finger at him.
John crossed his arms. “Do you ever say anything straightforward, or are you going to just keep dropping hints until I figure out what it is exactly you’re accusing me of?”
“John?” said Sherlock again, at first prowling slowly between the kitchen and the living room, until he found nothing meaningful or informative in room after room, and his pace quickened. He scanned everything from top to bottom in a rush.
A thousand apologies for being a day late with this update!
“Idiots,” snapped Sherlock, glaring at his phone, outraged. And alarmed. He tapped out a quick reply.
Lestrade nodded gravely. “Yeah. But try telling him that. You’ve seen how well he listens.” He patted John bracingly on the shoulder, and collected himself to depart as well. “Hang in there. And don’t worry too much. Sherlock’s reckless, but he’s good at what he does. The best.”
“Look,” said Sherlock, trying to find some sort of compromise between John’s roiling sea of emotional subjectivity and his own objective logical high ground. Even if he thought needing to do so was ridiculous. “Think about it this way. Carl Powers was thought to have died in an accident. We might finally be able to prove how he
John smiled grimly. “That’s the spirit.” He ducked so Sherlock wouldn’t have to lift his arm much to get situated. “Let’s go.”
Sherlock’s lips twitched in a brief smile. “I think that should be acceptable.”
Someday, Young Sherlock told himself as he lay awake late at night with bruised knuckles and hurt pride, when he was a detective, he would be one who could find the people responsible for heinous crimes
Sherlock shook his head. John had texted Lestrade on Sherlock’s behalf, with Sherlock’s phone, a few days before to tell him that the situation with Mycroft had been resolved and it was safe to talk again. And while it was nice to have some form of official support on their side, Lestrade was just as much in the dark as they were.
Shit.
“True,” said Lestrade, scowling.
John opened his eyes.
and a rush of wind.
Mycroft frowned, and looked at John. “You’re comfortable staying here?”
The woman inclined her head in a tiny nod. “Yes. The Spider. To me, he was Liang.”
The woman shifted again, and glanced uneasily over her shoulder. “It is unwise to linger in the open. May we speak inside?”
do that,” added John, knowing not to be indignant at the suggestion.
~o~O~o~
Soo Lin’s face was blank. “If any of us are going to survive this, it
Sherlock glowered. “Brilliant. I’m sure you won’t overdo it at all.”
,” said Sherlock, glaring over from the sofa like a furious and very bony sofa cushion. “Or a cigarette.”
From there, the day fell away into the typical pattern of work. For some reason, John thought the work progressed more smoothly than usual—maybe it was the effect of having been able to escape the confines of 221B with permission; because even though John was quickly growing quite fond of the flat and the pattern of life there, it felt like a rare and wondrous thing to be able to venture forth into the world (with permission). He hadn’t been able to particularly enjoy being out and about during the mess with the Black Lotus, distracted as he was with trying to make sure Sherlock didn’t get himself killed.
“You may have found it easy to get in here, but you’ll find it much harder to leave,” said Gruner in a low voice, though his face was still pale and now his hand was shaking.
“I don’t have a concussion,” sneered Sherlock derisively.
“You think they’re related,” said John, his tone awed.
Link to the stackexchange page is
The Detective touched the General’s hand with one careful finger.
sent in here to take care of our shattered windows—so of
Sherlock ignored him. He dropped the photo back on the desk. “I see.”
Lestrade held up a hand for Sherlock to be quiet. “Sorry, but you don’t get to make this about me keeping secrets from you, when you kept
something,” said John, sitting back. “Couldn’t we find out who took flights between those dates?”
Close combat was not necessarily one of John’s strengths. He was not exceptionally agile, or tall, or muscled, and the training he did have was not in hand-to-hand fighting against someone who (judging from the grip on his shoulders and the arm hooked around his neck) had experience in some form of martial arts. What he did have was a militaristic determination and a rugby player’s willingness to get hit.
“Come in,” he said, with a small smile and only a trace of his native accent, standing back to let Sherlock in. “You must be Dr. Barton.”
“Before you could—“ began John with an expression that was equal parts amused and horrified.
Molly blushed, and smiled even more. “My pleasure, really. I’m sure waiting has been really stressful.”
stupid.” John smiled.
Sherlock started them forward at an infuriatingly slow pace. Every time he tried to speed up, his muscles protested too much to ignore. He grit his teeth and kept going, pausing only when they reached the door of the room.
John snorted. “Be nice.”
And maybe it would be all right.
“You’re in more danger than I am, I reckon,” John argued. “Moriarty wants you dead. Eventually, anyway. He’s out to manipulate and then kill you—and even if he’s not the first criminal mastermind you’ve gone up against, he’s the first one who’s known about what you can do. Never mind he can do it too.”
“So the timeline could work, certainly,” said Sherlock, nodding thoughtfully. “So do we know what happened after this photo was taken?”
Sherlock shifted his grip on John’s gun, keeping it trained on Moriarty.
“You talk too much, Mr. Holmes,” said the woman flatly, and Sherlock almost laughed with excitement.
“Great. Because that makes it
Mycroft: lol seriously stop wasting my time with this magical zombie miracle nonsense
John’s heart lurched in his chest. “He got him?!”
to me, but not about anything that might actually help us. He used our meeting as an opportunity to tell me exactly what he thinks about his arrest.”
Hm. All right.
“Knew you’d get there eventually,” said Sherlock.
“What makes you think there’s something wrong with my ribs?” demanded Sherlock.
Sherlock stared at him in horror. “You did
“It’s disgusting, that’s what it is.”
“’Brilliant’ is a far better descriptor,” said Sherlock. “Though I suppose ‘twisted’ is not unreasonable.”
Sherlock’s inner monologue: IIIIIII DON’T KNOW HOW TO COMFORT SAD PEOPLE UHHHHHHHHH HELP
Sherlock typed:
Thirty seconds after the dead bird got up and flew away, Sherlock's brain began analyzing.
“For you.”
you generally have to be nice to him—and some days, I’m not sure which is worse.”
, and we have. We know how Carl Powers was killed and I’m willing to bet that Moriarty had a personal hand in it. That’s the point of giving us the shoes in the first place. That’s what we were intended to figure out.” Sherlock pulled off his rubber gloves and chucked them in the bin. “I think the only insight we have regarding motive is that Moriarty had the shoes in the first place.”
Lestrade and Mycroft started to discuss arrangements. Sherlock was happy to let them do it. He fixed his gaze on the still-smoking building (maintaining the unspoken embargo on eye contact between him and John) and let his thoughts drift back to Moran. And time. And how little of it there was to do everything that needed to be done. And how was he going to do any of this if—
“Tomorrow,” said Sherlock and Mycroft in unison, and they shot each other matching glares.
“I really don’t know,” John lied. “I must have confused the message. Mr. Amberley,” he continued, turning to the fuming elderly man. “Might I have another look around your house? Sherlock ought to be joining me there.”
“Well then, I’ll take a cab and meet you at your home to begin investigations. Detective-Inspector Lestrade has given me the address.” At this John held up his mobile phone by way of explanation before proceeding to call a cab by text.
“Okay,
After a few seconds of truly infuriated glaring, which did nothing to silence the phone, Sherlock sighed and picked up. "Truly not in the mood, Lestrade."
Moran landed on his feet, making it to Sherlock’s side of the road, and they locked eyes. Sherlock was less than thirty seconds behind him, and followed at a breakneck pace as Moran backed down one of the smaller side streets framing Vauxhall Park.
Amberley unlocked the front door and let John and Lestrade in. “So, Dr. Watson,” Amberley said. “Have you made any sort of progress?”
I won’t say much more than that -- keep your eyes out for the next chapter in two weeks (or less?!?!)!
“There was,” said Sherlock, and somehow the apathetic tone of his voice seemed at odds with his statement, though he could not, himself, figure out how. “There was a choice. And I chose you.”
,” said Moriarty thoughtfully, locking eyes with Sherlock once more. “I haven’t tried touching him yet. I mean,
They moved quickly down the hall, past rooms designated for restorations and staff storage, before they stepped through another closed door into the main body of the museum. Like the back rooms, the museum was dark and empty, the last visitors and employees having long since departed for the night. The silence throughout the building was far from a comforting one, even if it suggested that they were moving undetected.
Sherlock was by now curled in his armchair, his legs drawn up to his chest, his blue eyes fixed on his mobile phone in pure, unadulterated loathing as it lay silent on the coffee table. He’d been that way the better part of the afternoon. At John’s question, however, he looked up. “Pardon?”
Mycroft: lol nice one bro
Shan went forth alone.
“Sherlock, what are you talking about?” demanded Lestrade, looking utterly bewildered. “What are you
i can't do it
Sherlock smiled a little. “I’ve been relying on that kind of unimaginative thinking to keep my secret for almost thirty years.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, and stopped. Perhaps that was better, he mused—perhaps it was better, if Watson was just – dead. If the full proof of his mistake simply went away.
When the phone buzzed again, now wedged between the bed and the table and against the hardwood, it made the entire bed buzz and it was with several death wishes for whoever it was calling that Sherlock reached his hand down and dug around until he found his phone.
Sherlock looked over at him, raising an eyebrow. “Hm?”
that’s enough to get you abducted by smugglers. This doesn’t look good no matter how you spin it and things are starting to get out of hand. I can keep this quiet on my end, but not with Mycroft involved.”
Two seconds.
John wasn’t sure how true this was. He wasn’t sure why he felt like he ought to stay. He just did. Maybe morbid interest. Or maybe just a little bit of doubt that Sherlock’s Gift was even really possible, though he was living proof.
The bullet had passed clean through his neck. It had to be the carotid artery, if he was still conscious and bleeding this much. Which meant the majority of the blood supply to his brain may have already been lost.
~o~O~o~
“For anything.”
him die. And it’s not as if he was the only dead person I’d ever encountered, either. Obviously. I saw more than my share of bodies before and after him. Doctors in my line of work see a lot of patients, and sometimes a lot of death. There were some days when you’d see so many people so quickly that the faces start to blur into one another. Often on days like that, you don’t ever know their names, or anything else about them. There are too many to remember every single person. And if you can, you try not to dwell on it. Because it gets harder to try at all every time you think about the consequences if what you’re able to do isn’t enough. But you tend to remember the first one you lose. I did, at least. So as ridiculous and pointless as it might be,
the universe was going to drop a shoe and, if so, whether that dropped shoe would have the impact of a foam flip-flop or a steel-toed work boot.
So now the question is, how is Mycroft going to take this news...?
By the time they got outside, Sherlock was already beyond the perimeter formed by the swarm of cars Mycroft had brought with him, and he was on the street, hailing a cab whose driver had stopped because he was undoubtedly wondering why there was a cluster of black sedans and MOD vans parked around an athletics center in the middle of the night. “What are you doing?” said Mycroft, walking quickly until he was close enough for Sherlock to hear him.
“Oh?” Sherlock sighed. “And why is that?”
Lestrade waved him off. “I’ll be in touch.”
“And it just so happened that you were perfectly positioned to point me in the right direction when I was looking into the origin of the dish. And into Gruner’s history,” Sherlock added.
Happy New Year!
, thought Sherlock, the worry taking on a voice in his mind that sounded almost annoyingly like John. He ushered Soo Lin towards the door. “We’ll be close by until we hear from you. So just be
Sherlock started to pace around the room, so distressed that he couldn’t stay still. “The bomb was one thing. But if Moriarty had touched you, you would be dead, and there’s
And even Young Sherlock’s perfect control could suffer the occasional lapse in perfect judgment.
“What?”
… Still. It was dark in here and John couldn’t help but think he really could use some better lumbar support if he was going to be here for much longer.
“Tell me!” barked Gruner.
“I’ve been mildly distracted with the challenge of surviving the rest of this week. The future isn’t exactly on my radar right now.”
Mycroft sighed. “Makes sense. Not that it gives us much besides the beginnings of a profile. But I still thought it might be of interest.”
Sherlock found the monotony of waiting—if possible—even more frustrating than John did. Each consecutive day was more nerve-wracking than the previous one, so that by the time John set out for the museum on the third morning, Sherlock could barely sit still. He tried, with mixed success, to focus on coordinating Mycroft and Lestrade in the event that some information had, indeed, made its way to Soo Lin. But the wait, with its present uncertainty, was agonizing.
. But all he could do was stand there feeling as helpless as Sherlock looked.
Sherlock felt a little wary of the dull edge to John’s tone, but nodded once more. “Yes.”
Sherlock glanced around, getting his bearings. “Soo Lin works with the ceramics in the adjacent wing,” he said, speaking softly in the darkness even though there was no indication that anyone was around to hear.
“You look miserable,” said Sherlock as they approached.
I’m not. And I know what I’m talking about,” he said. “I’ve seen enough and your people have told me a good deal more. And I think we’re both intelligent enough to know that Moriarty’s not going to forgive you for letting anything slip. That’s right,” he said, as Shan’s eyes widened imperceptibly. “You’ve given away that much. His ruthlessness.”
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and—smirked. “He’s trying to impress me.”
“So I’m just saying… if your reasons for staying are because you feel obligated, or because you’re doing what you do and worrying about everyone else involved without any reasonable consideration for self-preservation, I wouldn’t think any less of you if you just – stayed away.”
Without a moment’s hesitation, it was as if his body had traveled some five thousand six hundred kilometers in a matter of a few seconds, ignoring all the basic rules about time only moving forward and space maintaining distance between two faraway places. If someone had asked him where he was, he wasn’t sure what he would have said. It didn’t matter that less than sixty seconds earlier, John had been dazedly pulling on a sweater and wishing for a few more minutes of sleep in his comfortable bed in a London flat. Now, the shudder underfoot, the crash from outside, the smell of smoke—these things had the power to bend space and shift time so that one could have plucked John from the middle of a bombed street in Sangin forty-nine days, one hour, and six minutes ago, and he wouldn’t have been any less sure of what to do.
(her line in Scandal about family being all we have in the end was haunting me all through writing this and so obviously it's vaguely floating around the chapter title)
Sherlock nodded. “It always looks the same."
, he’d said.
John sighed, and his mind wandered.
for being my beta. :D <3 Her work is amazingly insanely brilliant and you should all go check it out, btw)
One of the men from earlier (the one who had tackled him, he suspected—a husky and rather shifty looking man now sporting a split lip and a black eye, Sherlock was pleased to note) was standing over him.
Footsteps on the stairs interrupted his thoughts.
Sherlock snorted. “I find that hard to believe.”
No family. No parental or familial ties. No friends. No colleagues. Even a friendly acquaintance could be dangerous.
“Yes, I
John reached his hand up to his right ear. Hard plastic met his fingertips. He was wearing an earpiece, then.
Sherlock’s eyes followed, looking at the coat. His eyes widened ever so slightly.
The Detective was finding it unexpectedly hard to breathe. “I don’t know,” he said honestly. “I just know that I can.”
John, standing five feet back, held his breath.
“Oh, I have my reasons,” said Moriarty serenely. “Consider it a friendly invitation, or a friendly warning. Depending on how this meeting goes.”
“Because?”
“This is… rather good news,” said Sherlock, sitting up, running one hand through his hair. “This is very good news. This is something we might actually be able to go on.”
“Bait?” repeated John, with just a hint of indignation making its way past the fear doing its best to choke him.
“Only you would try to work in a bad joke before going off to interrogate your murderer,” said Sherlock.
“… Maybe you’re right,” he said, as if the skull had just said something. “Maybe I don’t really belong here.”
“We should go,” said Sherlock, getting to his feet and straightening as he donned his gloves. He glanced at John. “Ready?”
The hall to the next checkpoint was much the same as the first, but the haze of smoke hanging just below the ceiling became slightly thicker through each set of doors. The guards who might normally be stationed at some of the checkpoints were gone, and Sherlock suspected—hoped—that this meant they had all converged at the source of the disturbance.
“I’d like to say ‘yes’,” said Sherlock. “If anyone has a chance, it’s my brother. The problem is, we know our sniper’s target, but not an exact time or a location. So I assume Mycroft’s going to have to deploy all of his considerable resources to first determine all of the likely vantage points a sniper might use to get a shot through Gruner’s study window, and then they’re going to have to inspect and guard each location as if they might encounter our sniper at any second. We’re lucky Mycroft has the means to summon an army of people to do all of this, but… it’s hardly an easy interception mission.”
“I’ll do it,” John volunteered, giving Sherlock a very clear ‘you owe me’ look as he did so. This mollified Mrs. Hudson enough to give an approving nod, and after a couple more reassurances that the door would be free of yellow paint within an hour, she returned back inside the house, leaving the door open after her.
“Does it?” said Sherlock, in a tone of thorough disinterest. “I hadn’t noticed.”
“You and I both know that a risk shouldn’t be ignored just because it is statistically unlikely. ‘Probably’ is not ‘definitely’. If it was fine to ignore risks that were ‘probably’ not going to happen, then cars wouldn’t have airbags and seatbelts.”
It seems logical to me that Mycroft would have a hard time accepting everything Sherlock said, even with the proof - and then it would be to John to make absolutely sure that Mycroft wrapped his head around it all. John stayed silent before when Sherlock first told, because it was Sherlock's secret to tell. But now it seemed time for him to say something too.
that way at any moment—hence my concern. But I doubt that’s his endgame when it comes to dealing with me. It’s too simple. Too boring. And he doesn’t do boring if he doesn’t have to.”
Lestrade stopped, his eyes fixed on the only thing in the room, a mass lying in the middle of the floor.
Thanks as ever to my beta Kelly (RoseAngel) for being an incredible person and brilliant beta. ;D <3
“The case,” snapped Lestrade loudly, cutting Sherlock off. “The case. It’s definitely the case. Let’s talk about the case and only the case.”
“But you only just got here—“ started an exasperated Lestrade, shoulders drooping in defeat, but he was interrupted by the appearance of his forensic technician at his shoulder.
John didn’t know what to say. He didn’t say anything.
He could see it rising in the street beyond his bedroom window.
“No.”
Mycroft nodded. “Exactly.”
John stared.
"Hm. 'Piss off'?" ventured Sherlock.
,” said John, pressing the wound hard at an angle to make sure Moran could still breathe, and then he called, “I need help with an intubation over here!”
“That still doesn’t explain why Moriarty wanted to meet with you in the first place,” called Mycroft, watching Sherlock ascend the stairs.
“Weren’t you the one telling me this was a bad idea?” Sherlock demanded. “You told me the whole thing was too dangerous. You were saying that before the plan was ever in place. How is that different now?”
Sorry for the late update, everyone - real life got in the way, through work and health and family stuff. That said, things are getting back on the right track and hopefully this will be the last interruption for a good long while. Fingers crossed, anyway!
“No? That’s too bad,” said Moriarty. “Allow me to properly introduce you, then. This is Zhi Zhu Yao. ’The Spider’. A skilled assassin. One of my most valued.”
To Sherlock, John might as well have screamed bloody murder. “
Sherlock took the guide from Soo Lin and flipped through it. “So… page number? Line number? Word?”
“That was barely scratching the surface,” said Sherlock carelessly. “I was on the clock. I didn’t have the time to elaborate.”
John knocked softly on the doorframe to get Soo Lin’s attention. “Can we come in?”
It was an unexpected relief when Mycroft rang the doorbell early on the third morning after Moran’s escape. Even if it was to talk about Moran and Moriarty and everything else life-threatening, it was better than aimless days spent wondering and sleepless nights spent worrying. The three of them had settled around the living room, with Sherlock and John in their usual chairs, and Mycroft standing by the fireplace.
It makes sense to me (in an angsty way) that Mycroft would have a hard time adjusting to this sort of reality. He, like Sherlock, is a very logical guy. This magic thing is not logical. Whether or not he's ever able to get over that remains to be seen. At least John's around for emotional support...?
John got to his feet and peered down the hall at Sherlock’s bedroom door, which was shut just as it had been last night. “Sherlock, you in? Mrs. H brought coffee.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Maybe? I doubt Moriarty would have cut Gruner loose if he thought he had anything of value to share. The Black Lotus likely know a lot more, but they’re also much more afraid. And have a lot more to lose if Moriarty’s organization is exposed.” He sighed. “We just keep talking in circles. At the end of the day, we have no leads on where to find either of our two persons-of-interest, and we have exhausted the knowledge of our existing informants. We can talk about needing to do this and needing to do that until we’re blue in the face, but barring some major, unforeseen upheaval among the people within Moriarty’s network, we’re stuck.”
“I suppose that
It was not a question of fault. Sherlock did not, after all, choose who died, and it was certainly not pre-mediated, so he was not about to entertain the notion that he’d killed the man. Sherlock adhered to a strict code of rules with regard to all things; and while he wasn’t sentimental and quite frequently wasn’t even sympathetic for his fellow man, he wasn’t a killer. But there was an element of responsibility that Sherlock could not deny. As much as he wanted to.
“You,” said John firmly, laughing. “It’s definitely you—“
“Jeff Hope,” said Lestrade, taking a few steps back and shoving his hands deep in his pockets. He normally left the room when Sherlock used his Gift, but obviously, he was not going anywhere this time. The dread in his body language made that much clear.
“But you
Moriarty offered him the kind of look one might give a small child who’d failed to execute a very simple task. “You might want to reconsider. Do you know what happens if you don’t stop interfering with my work?” he said, tilting his head as he spoke, black eyes glittering.
“Oh, shut up,” said John, and Sherlock was surprised enough that he actually did. “You’re not the only one who’s eager to get going now that he have a name to work with. Come on.”
Sherlock nodded slightly. Zhi Zhu had been one of the men with Shan when Sherlock was abducted. It made sense that he had been something like Shan’s bodyguard and personal assassin. And when Shan was murdered, he would have then answered to her superior—which could only have been Moriarty.
~o~O~o~
“Freak’s back already,” came a quiet voice behind them.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and then closed it. He opened it again. “I… Pardon?”
“You can’t figure it out yourself?” inquired Sherlock coolly.
The next leg of the story really needs a good flow to it so I'm working hard for regular updates for the next several chapters - bear with me while I get my shit together XD <3
“Interesting question. What do you think?”
Sherlock made a jerking motion with his head that John chose to interpret as a nod of agreement.
“What kind of move?” he asked.
“As if John would have been yours,” Sherlock cut in, finally dragging his right arm upward to level the gun at Moriarty, ignoring the red sniper lights now dancing on his own chest.
John hesitated. “He’s all that you have,” he said quietly. “And you’re all he has. He’s cut everyone off, but he’s asking now for your help. For once in his life, he is asking you for help. And I know this must be difficult, but if you can’t give him that support now, I don’t know that you’ll get another chance.”
I'm back! finally...
John set his empty mug down in the sink. “We’ve got a lot to talk about tomorrow.”
“Believe me, I’m aware of that,” snapped John, crossing the room until he stood in front of Mycroft’s desk, just where he’d been a few days before. “But since I’m the person who’s spent the last couple days trying to get Sherlock back on his feet after what
“We know it was most likely the same gun,” corrected Sherlock, meandering back and forth around the living room. In the time it had taken for John to get out of bed and wake up enough to converse, he’d dressed and gotten ready to go out. “But that would suggest it was most likely the same person. So, yes. It’s difficult to tell based on the bullets, of course—cartridges are the better way to check, since bullets are usually deformed on impact—but what markers there are on both bullets suggests they were fired from the same weapon.”
.” He leaned forward, turning his head to look at John sidelong. “Just ask your pet here. He should know that better than most.”
—it will be the end of you.” He held his arms aloft in a sweeping gesture. “You’re just one consulting detective. I am an
“Where do you want me to take you?” asked Lestrade. “Mycroft’s?”
Sherlock permitted himself a quiet and fleeting laugh as well. He finally sighed, heart rate approaching a more normal speed. He straightened and brushed off his coat, pulling off his leather gloves and pocketing them. “I rent the flat upstairs. I assume you want tea?”
Moriarty grinned.  “You could have been
Finally Sherlock closed the laptop and went to the kitchen. “I’ll go to the store, then, shall I?” he called from the fridge. A dismembered head from Bart’s and a spoiled carton of cream were all that was left in the icebox.
It was not struggling as a living animal would have.
He didn’t need anyone.
The lights throughout the gallery flickered on, and with them came a flood of detail that the darkness had obscured.
to work.”
“Lestrade?” interrupted John with contemptuous surprise. “You think I’m pissed off because of the police officer bringing me up to speed on what you’ve been hiding from me for the last few days?”
John said, focusing on the case file in his hand, “And milk.”
Link to the tumblr post is
“Why? Is something wrong?”
Sherlock listened intently. The hallway around him was silent. He took one step into the hallway. Two steps. Three. When he met no opposition, he hurried towards the stairs as fast as his body could carry him.
Moriarty leaned forward to look at John’s face. “Is that so?” When John remained mute, he added, “You can talk, Johnny-boy. Go ahead.”
“Death threats from a psychopath with magical powers aren’t a good reason to you?” Sherlock persisted.
“But more than that,” snapped Lestrade, who showed no intention of stopping. “More than that, I trust you, Sherlock—I trust you with these cases, knowing full well what could go wrong if anything happens.”
Sherlock shifted uncertainly when Mycroft didn’t speak. “If you have questions, I’ll answer them. As best I can.”
The Detective shrugged halfheartedly, still curled up in his chair. “It wasn’t hard to deduce. I met Lestrade at Bart’s and he told me Mycroft had asked about you. And then I came back here and you had gone. No sign of a struggle. Fairly easy to figure out where you’d gone. And he’s always at the Diogenes,” said Sherlock. “So. Easy.”
Lestrade finished the last of his donut in one bite. “D’oofink ‘at airs a chintz—“
John extended a hand to shake on it, and then remembered they could not, and dropped his hand with a laugh. “I’m holding you to it.”
“—and if you win… What do you want, John?”
“People see. They don’t observe,” said Sherlock. “But I’m different.”
“No!” Sherlock shouted just as John understood what was going on. Dashing around Lestrade—who was staring at Amberley with an expression of disgust on his face—John slammed one hand on the square of Amberley’s back as Sherlock leapt like a tiger at Amberley and turned his face to the ground. A small pill fell from Amberley’s lips.
That being said, it was a hideously busy end-of-semester -- I had a really bad fall about four weeks ago and I broke my foot and severely sprained both ankles, so hopping on crutches to classes, to final exams, to work, and then all the way to the opposite side of the country for a conference was made about ten times trickier and a hundred times more exhausting.
"Of course," said Molly, recovering from her giggles and offering Sherlock a shy smile. Sherlock was entirely oblivious to it, his mind on other things and other people. Other people who had been dead less than ten minutes previously, specifically. "I'll, um, right - I'll work on getting you that paperwork you wanted, Greg."
“No, I was just… out,” he said, and the effort was almost painful.
AND NOW
When all was quiet, Sherlock heaved a sigh.
“It makes
But to his surprise, Lestrade shook his head. "That's the real problem. The problem for us. There's…" Lestrade sighed, wishing he had nicotine patches handy. Or a donut. As much as he'd become accustomed to Sherlock's Gift in the last few months of working with him, being in the morgue and anticipating communicating with dead people gave him the heebie-jeebies. "… well, there's nothing
dead people, but he had never seen himself dead.
“You were there to get me,” said John, frowning.
The Detective took one step into the room and slammed the door behind him with so much force that the windows shook in their frames.
The big issue would be the body suddenly missing from the morgue.
John nonchalantly shrank into the pile of case files.
Night had fallen.
“For fucks sake,” said John, rolling his eyes, and this earned him a glaring look from Mycroft. “You’re not
“Where are you going?!” called Lestrade in exasperation after Sherlock.
Sure enough, on the underside of her heel was a black lotus tattoo.
Moriarty exhaled a short breath of a laugh. “You and I would know that better than most, wouldn’t we?” He took a few careless steps forward until he was standing just behind John, watching him with interest. “He’s a consequence.”
~o~O~o~
Sherlock might understand the importance of communication between John and himself a little better now, but he certainly isn't about to bring a potentially recognizable, supposed-to-be-dead person out in the field with him.
“Soo Lin,” said Sherlock, more insistently, making a concerted effort to channel John’s calm and authority. “Look at me. Help is coming.”
“You might want to change,” suggested Sherlock. “Somehow, your uniform doesn’t seem conducive to avoiding detection. It is memorable. At least, more memorable than something casual.”
He swallowed.
“Is that completely necessary?” asked Sherlock cheekily, and he was slightly appalled at the reassurance flooding his veins so fast that it made his chest ache.
“I’m…” said John. He sighed, and licked his lips anxiously, running his good hand through his short hair in a slightly agitated manner.
“I’ve gathered,” said John, trying not to sound too sarcastic. “But neither of us can do anything right now. If we were her family, we might have a little more clout. But we’re not, and I’m not a doctor here, nor am I Soo Lin’s doctor, so I can’t even play that card. We’re stuck.”
It's easy not to care when you look at it objectively.
“I don’t
be paying that citation.”
The security staffer passed over a few small items, which John took. He looked them over in surprise. “Cigarettes and a lighter?”
“I will,” said Sherlock, and turned and quickly disappeared into his bedroom, closing the door with a quiet click.
John’s eyebrows raised. “Your fingers are pressing against the screen so hard that I’ve been waiting for the phone to crack. And you’re frowning.”
But there were no metaphorical shoes to be found, and no new leads to follow.
Sherlock was restless again. He and John were sitting in the main room of their apartment at 221B Baker Street; John had a newspaper in hand and Sherlock was prowling the length of the room, occasionally pausing to glare at the skull on the mantle, which was wearing his deerstalker hat.
Sherlock’s expression hardened. “Tell me you didn’t.”
“We wait.”
Sherlock shot Lestrade a furious look. “If I knew, I wouldn’t be here. Either provide me with a complete statement rather than some vague allusion to events, or I am leaving. I have better things to do than deal with your inadequacies.”
Kitty crossed her arms haughtily. “I want in. I don’t care what I have to do.”
John just managed to resist the urge to groan in frustration, but only just. Sherlock could read his thoughts clearly across his face, and they were almost funny.
And we're finally back!
“But his body is missing,” said Mycroft. “Which I’m sure you also already know. So, there is no body to compare. There’s just you.”
“It wasn’t real,” said Mycroft flatly.
“Is that an alarm?” John hissed.
He stood his ground. “You should talk to him. To Sherlock. Now. Before—“
“You are on,” said John. “Do we have a prize for the winner?”
John almost laughed. Sherlock, whoever he was, made no sense. But he was anything but boring.
been neglecting that. “I tend to consider most of the things you do as anomalous.”
John believed him.
Sherlock threw his hands up in frustration. “You keep talking in circles without considering anything seriously. This is life and death we’re talking about. Your life.”
With that, Sherlock turned and traipsed back downstairs, leaving John with the phone. John unboxed all the parts and (after a bit of muddling over the instructions and assorted cords) plugged the mobile into a power outlet to charge. It powered up after a few moments, and John opened the contact book. He added Sherlock’s number, and Lestrade’s, and Mycroft’s—all three of which he had memorized through frequency of use over the past several weeks—and then he stopped, wavering.
“Me. I was sleeping.”
BUT I HOPE IT WAS WORTH IT FOR THE
Sherlock nodded. “I’d know it if I saw it?” When Kitty nodded fervently, he went on, “Then I’ll get it from him. If that’s all I need to prove the blackmail, and I think it is…“ He glanced at Lestrade, who nodded “… then it won’t take long to bring him down.”
Moriarty spoke into John’s earpiece. “Be polite. Say ‘evening’.”
“Why are you complaining?” demanded Sherlock. “The whole case just makes you look good. Another feather in your cap.”
John was woken the next morning at five to the sound of gunfire—so close that he was convinced he’d woken up in the middle of a firefight in Sangin and not in his bedroom in 221B—and (when he dashed downstairs to find Sherlock shooting holes in the wall over the sofa with John’s gun) he spent a good ten minutes bellowing at him about gun laws and “being a dick” before Sherlock agreed that maybe he was being just a little bit overdramatic.
“Maybe,” he said finally. “At any rate, all we learned from her was that Moriarty’s sniper killed her, expertly, with the same gun he used to kill you, which says something about his mobility and influence. And we know how scared she was of Moriarty. She was a formidable woman herself, so that’s saying something about what kind of person Moriarty is. Though I suppose I might be scared of my employer too if I knew that a single mistake was enough to get me shot in the head by their pet sniper…”
Sherlock’s lips curled in a small, grim smile. “Not your most impressive deduction. But yes.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and took a sip of tea. “Fine.”
By the time he’d straightened up, there was a faint smell of smoke in the air.
that’s none of your business.”
“But it’s…” John gestured hopelessly and fell silent.
, you’re
His clothes were old and worn, but meticulously kept, and all various shades of dark blues and greys. Dull, boring. On top of the clothes were a few other items. Keys, a wallet. Older person. Poor reflexes deteriorating in recent years. Likely health problems affecting motor skills. Definite arthritis. Probably something else. Modest means, considering the age of the wallet and the poor condition.
“Shut up. Look at the note,” said John, gesturing to the paper in Sherlock’s hand.
The silence stretched, and it was finally John who ended it. He shifted, rubbing his shoulder absently, and said, “So, you and Sherlock can work out the details, but I want to go speak to the cabbie. I’d appreciate it if you could help with that.”
?” he said, his sharp eyes on the dish. “Really?”
That night, and for many weeks after that, the first face John saw in his nightmares was Moran’s. He’d wake up sick at the sensation of cold sweat on his palms like drying blood, convinced he could feel Moran’s glassy eyes staring at him from a dark corner, mistaking the rustle of wind on the sands outside for the rattle of Moran’s breath.
Things have certainly started off with a bang… ba dum tss
Sherlock smiled grimly. He’d guessed as much a month earlier when the marks had first appeared. The paint was long gone now, but the mark had served its purpose before then. “So you’ve all been exchanging messages in the usual way in the usual places and no one has anything new. What does the rest of the Black Lotus think?”
For someone so gifted at uncovering all of everyone else’s secrets, Sherlock seemed incomparably adept at keeping all of his own buried somewhere deep down and out of sight.
John was fairly certain it was the former, and that set him on edge.
. It seems… real bloody improbable, granted, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t the truth.”
John quickly finished setting things up on the sofa and paused. “I’m just going to lie down for a second, do you mind? I’ll make tea in five,” he asked, turning back to Sherlock.
Damn it, they were even better than he’d anticip—
“I found out when I was eight,” said Sherlock. “I saw a bird break its neck hitting my bedroom window. I accidentally brought it back.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but John didn’t particularly need him to. He turned back to Lestrade, who nodded reluctantly.
“You made me stop sulking,” said Sherlock. “And this case, it turns out,
But nothing was without cost. The most basic laws of physics—the most basic laws controlling how the world itself worked—dictated as much. So if one life was restored for too long, then someone else had to die.
that I’m supposed to be staying indoors,” said John accusingly to Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
I LIIIIIIIIIIIVE
was Limbo. The in-between, endless expanse of nothing that existed just to punish people for not knowing something.
John nodded. “Not like that’s going to deter you, of course.”
“I contact Gruner about the dish,” said Sherlock. “And prepare while I wait to hear from him.”
“Should interrogate him,” said Sherlock. He could bring them back. It wasn’t permanent death, not quite yet. That knowledge made the fact that John had apparently shot someone for him feel a little less real.
Sherlock released John and took a deep breath. “Good,” he said. “I was…”
“Collaboration 101,” said John, and Sherlock couldn’t help but think it sounded a little too smug. “Why didn’t you tell me any of this, say,
this sodding coat,” he said, channeling his panic into anger at the coat, and he fumbled for the zipper. John tugged in down sharply until the zip was just about level with his heart, and then he froze.
“What?”
“No. I don’t think so. I don’t know.”
“… Photoshop.”
“You’re a recently deceased army doctor with no connections in London,” said Sherlock, raising an eyebrow. “I don’t know what you’re planning to do or where you’re planning to go, but given that information, it’s undoubtedly going to be stupid.”
Sherlock ruffled his hair with one hand. “Life has been very different since I met you, John.”
Soo Lin’s lower lip quivered. “If I die and the sniper gets away, my death will be for nothing. My brother’s death will be for nothing.”
“No,” said Sherlock, his heart sinking even further into his stomach. “Hoping, maybe. But not expecting.”
“Then anything you can tell me about where to find the photos will be a big help,” said Sherlock.
“She’s somewhere back there,” Sherlock was saying, stopping by the surgery wing doors and gesturing to his companion. “Any information you can give me would be greatly appreciated.”
“Surely the smuggling-millions-in-Chinese-antiquities thing is enough to indict him,” said John.
“So now we’re really going to have to make sure Moriarty doesn’t know you’re the same dead person he tried to steal from the morgue a few weeks back,” said Sherlock. “I want to know Moriarty’s secrets, not tell him mine.”
“That might be the fair thing to do,” said Moriarty. “After all, you stole him from
And Sherlock stared, frozen, broken. Both hands dropped pointlessly to his side, the fingers of his right hand barely maintaining their grip on John’s gun.
Shan of the Black Lotus lay dead in the middle of the room.
But then, few people know such things in advance.
“To you.”
The plot of this chapter is hugely drawing from Study in Pink. With a fairly significant twist, mind you, but still. But I promise, I'm doing this for a reason. And of course, things are going to get pretty crazy down the line… but we'll get there when we get there.
To me this story from canon just worked so well for what I wanted to do with Moriarty’s puzzles. Gruner’s history and interest in Chinese pottery worked so well with the role of the Black Lotus in Moriarty’s organization as smugglers.
“I feel the same way,” said Sherlock. “I don’t know that her distraction was that well thought-out as far as plans go, but it worked to my advantage nonetheless. I think she was afraid I would underestimate him or be charmed by him like so many other people have been in the past. So she just wanted to… you know, make sure I got the opening I needed to find what I was looking for.”
Still. That didn’t do much to make Sherlock feel any less guilty.
Around noon, Lestrade knocked on the door.
“Probably,” said Sherlock, standing up as well, still looking down at Shan’s still form. “Judging by the accuracy of the shot and the distance…” He gestured first to Shan’s head—the bullet hole a neat circle in the center of her forehead—and then at the shattered window through which the bullet must have traveled. “Perfectly aimed kill shot, one shot, from that kind of distance… the shooter has to be professionally trained. Moriarty seems to be able to secure anything, if he has no trouble acquiring such a good sniper. And he’s probably used this person in the past, and made his people aware of what sort of power he has at his disposal. Intimidation. Fear keeps people in line when you have an empire to run. Especially a criminal empire.”
Even when the police determined the death was accidental and no one thought twice about it, Young Sherlock was sure.
, you bloody son of a—“ ago.
ALL THE FUN OF A DRUGS BUST, NONE OF THE ANDERSON TO CLEAN UP AFTER
one of questionable background. Inspector Lestrade is one thing. That’s a business association. But you are something completely different. And whatever you are, it’s nothing good. I want you gone.”
?!” asked John, his voice instinctively dropping to a whisper as he scrambled to get to his feet.
John looked up, to find Molly Hooper standing directly in front of him.
“Thanks?” said John.
Behind him, however, John quickly got to his feet, picked up his gun, stowed it in the waistband of his jeans, and rushed to the stairs.
“But with no job, no revenue, no mail, no mobile phone, and almost no human contact,” said Mycroft. “You’re beginning to seem like something of a ghost. I have yet to learn your name. Though I believe Lestrade said it was…”
“You think he’ll actually be helpful?” John asked.
are you playing at?” he spat, looking at Mycroft with a newfound fury.
“What for? So he can blow up another street to get my attention? So he can focus his energies on more harmful projects once deprived of my distraction? I think not.”
a murderer.”
Moriarty blinked, and let out a startled laugh. “You
“You must be joking.” John stared at him. “Of course it was real.”
“That I will admit. But—“
Sherlock and John had left their cab waiting at the edge of the police line, and they walked straight towards it as they exited the building.
Lestrade frowned and went back downstairs again. After a moment, he returned, and shook his head. “Looks like they’ve all run. One definitely got up and ran. Maybe they carried the other one out.”
“Fine,” said Sherlock, with no enthusiasm.
brownie points to anyone who's already guessed what story from canon I'm playing with ;D if you haven't guessed already, you probably will next chapter.
“I’m not a complete idiot,” Sherlock said. “I wouldn’t have walked into something that I didn’t think I could walk out of. Moriarty’s made it clear that he isn’t done with me just yet. So Moran’s hardly going to kill me in an alley without some kind of prelude. And I thought it would be safer to catch up to him in some random public location. Better that than to meet him in the criminal haven of his choosing.”
He took a breath.
The photograph was of mediocre quality. It looked like a screenshot from standard surveillance footage, just a CCTV still, and so it didn’t offer much in the way of detail. But in the lower right-hand corner of the image was a man mid-stride, looking over his shoulder so that his face was hidden. The only discernible features were his military clothing and his short hair, just a few shades darker than John’s sandy blonde.
"Probably seen a lot of death in your time."
John paused, and looked at him.
“What does it say?” asked John, after a long moment of silence in which Sherlock just looked at the paper.
“Yes.”
John took a big sip of tea. “Lucky to have her.”
He should not want to tell the truth now. After years of reminding himself every day why he should not, after years of abiding by the Rules governing his Gift, he should not want to change.
“In a matter of hours,” said Soo Lin.
John watched him in horror.
“I don’t think you are,” said Sherlock.
It was a web. A criminal web with a thousand threads. Each thread so delicate and interlocked with the rest that it would be almost impossible to trace them all back to the heart at the center.
“Mm,” said Sherlock, nibbling on a biscuit. “So what were you thinking about?”
“Might be a bit of a dead end, then,” said John. “Unless you have people who could do the looking for you.”
“The pleasure’s all mine,” said Gruner. “Especially considering why you are here. I’m very eager to see…?”
Sherlock took a breath. “I’m not going anywhere,” he said. John’s shoulders visibly caved with relief. Soo Lin opened her mouth, looking panicked, but Sherlock gently cut her off. “I have people who will make sure this is done,” he continued. “Quickly, and without error. He is
They both fell silent, lost in thought for a moment, until finally John said, “Let’s see what we can do to dig up more information, then. You’ve got plenty of people who can speed up the process.”
you to be like me, so I was able to see that you were. You’re the one who refused to consider it, never mind how brilliant you’re supposed to be.”
Something had gone very, very wrong.
“I was thinking more along the lines of it being ill-advised, slow, and dangerous work. But your summary is also fine.”
My grandmother passed away after a fifteen year battle with Alzheimer's a couple weeks ago, and it was a bit of a struggle getting through all that, and then getting through the mountain of missed work that accumulated while I was away.
Oh snap.
about where or how he was, or about what Moriarty might suspect regarding how John had managed to survive being ‘fatally’ shot, or about how helpless he felt.
“True. And the last one involved blowing up a building on short notice, so I suppose I ought to be more patient.” John sighed. “Did Mycroft find anything out from surveillance, by the way?”
“Someone has to keep an eye on things,” said John. Remembering suddenly, he said to Sherlock, “Give me my gun. I’d rather have that on me now, if it’s all the same.”
John opened his mouth, then shut it again. “It seems obvious when you put it like that,” he managed after a moment.
AND I LOOK AT HIMMMMMMM
assumed it was some elaborate plot, like Mycroft had. Anything other than the truth. “Just a magic trick.”
But I'm well, and caught up, and now completely and utterly in the thralls of the impending feelsy developments of the next few chapters (BWAHAHAHAHAA).
“Out,” said Sherlock.
) came, went, returned home, even died. Bombings near the cities weren’t unusual, but were never any less horrifying. Sometimes they could get a quiet night to drink with the rest of the soldiers and truck drivers by the Helmand. John had started learning how to throw knives. The translators had taught him some Pashtu. He was, in his own words, an ‘okay shot’, but left most of the shooting to the fighters. He’d saved a lot of lives in Afghanistan. He’d taken some, too.
John blinked, confused. “… What?”
“I think this is Moriarty’s way of sharing something personal,” said Sherlock, looking again at the shoes. “If my suspicions are right, then this was probably Moriarty’s first kill.”
am I supposed to be trying to talk to him about?”
“Be…” started Mycroft, but Sherlock had already turned his back on them and stalked away to the house. “… cautious,” he finished, to no one in particular. “If that’s even possible.”
“You don’t mention that, and I won’t mention that you let him get out a gun.”
The world slowed for him.
Sherlock was frowning again. They’d spoken less than four hours ago, so why on Earth did Lestrade need help already? He pocketed his phone. Probably more to do with the ballistics report. Maybe they’d missed something. Lestrade didn’t like talking explicitly about dead people related things via text. Better to look ignorant, in Lestrade’s opinion. And avoid incriminating texts whenever possible.
their help!” said Sherlock loudly. “I don’t want help at all!”
“Good,” said John. “Then I guess I’ll say goodnight.”
“So you and John and I will simply go our separate ways until you decide you need me,” said Sherlock. “Or need me dead.”
“Yes, please,” said John on Sherlock’s behalf, and for once, Sherlock didn’t argue, steadfast in his determination not to look back at Mycroft but also eager to leave as fast as humanly possible.
Soo Lin took a breath, and met Sherlock’s gaze. “I will not burden you with details about how my brother and I came to be part of the Tong, Mr. Holmes, but you may readily infer that our childhood was not a happy one. Or an easy one. The Black Lotus, and their former leader—the one we called Shan—offered us a means of staying alive, and we took it. When we were young, we smuggled thousands of pounds’ worth of drugs into Hong Kong from China. But when Shan partnered with…” She trailed off a moment, looking nervously at the curtained windows, and it seemed to Sherlock that she was afraid to speak of Moriarty by name. Shan had been the same, he remembered. Maybe it was a sign of respect. Or fear. Or both. Sure enough, when Soo Lin continued, she rephrased the sentence to avoid the name, instead saying, “Shan was given an offer, to smuggle antiques instead of drugs, with bases in China and in London. I came to London, while my brother stayed by Shan wherever she went, here or there. He was her puppet by then.”
“That would be great, thanks,” said John, before Sherlock and Mycroft could start arguing again. He looked at both of them pointedly. “It’s a good compromise. Same building, different location.”
Lestrade managed to stop himself from scowling. “In the meantime—we cleared the area. We’ve searched just like you advised. There’s nothing left for you to do. So would you
Any and all feedback --comments most of all -- is hugely appreciated! It tells me I should keep going! :)
“Look.” Sherlock finally lowered his hands. “I should have told you. But I knew you would be upset by it. You are here for a reason. And this kind of knowledge is needless distress.”
I won’t say much more this time - more to come very soon, along with fun news about some future updates :D
“I might not say it in so many words—but yes. The only advantage of this whole affair is that it was on my territory. While I am not pleased to admit that Moriarty was able to infiltrate my organization simply by threatening a vulnerable staff member, I am at least in possession of the evidence.”
easier than finding Moriarty, if we’ve been looking for them for the last two months and literally the only thing we know about them is that they are responsible for killing Shan, the Spider, and me?”
Sherlock glared even more. “Don’t laugh.”
“Sherlock,” started John, “it’s not legitimate if you can’t explain it to the likes of us. Because you can’t possibly chase a lead that’s only as airtight as ‘well, no one else could have done it so it must be the anonymous criminal mastermind’. That’s completely moronic.”
John had just phoned in an order for takeaway on Mrs. Hudson’s landline when Sherlock returned, walking in the front door just as John reached the top of the stairs. John paused and leaned over the rail to look down at him. “Hey!” he said. “How’d it go?”
tried—to look like a call from Mycroft was meaningless to him. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched Sherlock walk out of the waiting room, with a nod to Molly, and move out of earshot.
Sherlock paced to the windows. “It would be very ambitious of him,” he said. But it didn’t sound anywhere near as confident as John needed it to be.
for the love of God, Sherlock, could you say something helpful instead of ominous for ONCE
John frowned, and peered ahead. “What? But—how can you tell?”
“So it would seem,” said Sherlock. “It’s not much, but it’s better than nothing.”
“You can stand down now, Lestrade,” said Sherlock, completely unfazed. In fact, he and Mycroft both looked unsurprised as Lestrade appeared from the far end of the hall next to the stairs, a gun raised and leveled at the door.
just go to a sodding hospital, and get yourself looked at?”
“To see the pipes in the strongroom for myself at my leisure, yes,” said Sherlock. A look from both John and Lestrade made him add angrily, “I’m a consulting detective, Lestrade, not a burglar!”
, as you say, is really rather your fault,” said Sherlock tersely. “Ignorant, however, is something that I rarely am. I repeat: why am I here?”
Grimacing, hissing between his teeth, Sherlock slid to the side and out of the car, leaning on the door and the side of the car heavily. John opened his mouth to offer to help, but Sherlock anticipated the offer and shot it down.
“… Hello? Anyone in there?” said John jokingly, and when Sherlock still said nothing, John sighed.
to kill me. I can imagine the other victims were getting a little boring. I imagine he went out of his way to pass by Baker Street or respond to calls in that area.”
John pulled out one of the chairs from the living room table, and placed it in the middle of the room. He gestured, and the woman sat down tentatively and watched as Sherlock drew each of the curtains.
“Yeah, Greg,” snapped Lestrade in exasperation, before he processed Sherlock’s appearance. He gaped. “Blimey, Sherlock, you look like death.”
Lestrade’s face was so red that it bordered on purple. “How many people have you kept alive more than a minute?!” demanded Lestrade, his voice rising an octave.
"Your fault," snapped Sherlock succinctly, with another look at the cab.
“You’re just figuring that out now?” laughed Sherlock. Both men smiled and gazed down the road.
They passed through the checkpoint nearest to Moran’s cell, and found a small crowd of people around the surveillance room. One man lay prone and still on the ground. In the middle of the group, on his feet and leaning heavily against the wall, was Mycroft.
Molly smiled again. “Anytime. And listen, just… be safe. Whatever it is you two are working on.”
John’s left shoulder seemed to be in pain. Sherlock frowned, eyes narrowing. It most likely wasn’t the injury. Sherlock had extensively studied the aftereffects of his Gift on those he touched in the past. Even as a boy, Young Sherlock had taken those effects very seriously, and committed everything to memory. He knew, therefore, from years of examination, that the fatal injury should not hurt. The reasoning behind this wasn’t solid, but he suspected that it was somehow essential to sustaining the life of the person he’d brought back. So, then, if the pain was not physical, it may be psychosomatic? Or were there lasting effects from leaving a person alive more than a minute that Sherlock didn’t know about?
“You said before that he was trying to impress you, with Carl Powers’ murder,” said John. “So are the things we learned through this case supposed to do that too?”
“I’ll reach out to my Homeless, for now,” said Sherlock, picking up his phone, just as John had an idea of his own.
This truth was the strangest puppy ever to walk the earth, but that didn’t mean it should be cast out.
Mycroft lifted his head a little, looking down his nose at John, and continued, “Unless, that is, you
She didn’t reply.
“That’s how he anticipated it all so perfectly,” said Sherlock, grinding his shoe down on the broken bits of plastic and glass. “He convinced one of the workers repairing the flat to plant a camera so he could watch us. He knew when I left this morning, he knew where John would be in the flat, he knew what I’d done before going to the pool to meet him. He knew Lestrade would be here. He knew Mycroft would turn up at the pool.”
Now, one thing that worked out all right with the break is that this chapter marks the transition into the next "arc" of the story. We have at last resolved the Mycroft Problem
, not the other way around—and we don’t even know how to find him now, when we know his name and his appearance and a bit about his history. So how is finding the sniper going to be
When Sherlock and John entered Soo Lin’s hospital room, they found her sitting up in bed, gazing thoughtfully out of her bedroom window. The view was, admittedly, lackluster (seeing as it just overlooked the alley behind the hospital), but morning sunlight had broken through the clouds, and the view outside was draped in a calm golden glow.
“The bottom line is, we’re waiting for Moriarty to make a move,” said Sherlock for the tenth time that day, grimacing at the skull on the mantel as if it was the thing holding back their next lead.
John joined Sherlock in the living room, setting down a mug of tea on the coffee table for him. Sherlock picked it up without complaint, eyes still fixed on the skull, and John sighed inwardly in relief. Sherlock was eating and drinking whenever John offered him something, which John hoped meant that Sherlock was getting ready to mobilize again. Or that he was starting to get back on his feet emotionally, though John knew better than to say that aloud.
Young Sherlock was ten years, one month, and thirteen days old when his afternoon was interrupted by an exhilarated “Lookit, Sherly has a book. What are you reading, Sherly?”
“Glad to see you’re all right,” said Lestrade. “Though you look about seventy with all that dust in your hair.”
John sighed, and got out of the car. He opened Sherlock’s door, while Lestrade crossed the sidewalk to ring the bell and summon Mrs. Hudson.
“I’m ridiculous,” John informed his reflection.
Sherlock gestured sharply for John to climb out the window. John quietly did, feet first, landing on the fire escape next to Sherlock with a muffled clang of metal.
Sherlock nodded absently, a lead weight in his chest. “Do you have your gun?” he asked John.
Walking casually, as if he belonged there, Sherlock strode to the door and looked around. He easily spotted the message that John had seen hours earlier, the yellow spray paint now dried, thin drips reaching the pavement. There were no new messages, and there was no indication that Soo Lin had wanted them to meet her anywhere else.
As it was, the moment they arrived at the morgue, Lestrade rushed them inside, hustling a painfully quiet John along until at last they reached the morgue.
"Sorry, sorry, no, just—you don't usually use names," said Lestrade, his suspicious tone returning. "You never use first names. I don't think you even know mine."
John scowled.
The woman folded her hands in her lap. “We watch your door in turns most nights. A different member of the Tong is sent to observe your movements each time. Tonight it is my turn, which is how I know that it is safe for me to be here.” She paused, and corrected herself. “Or, at least, safe enough.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sat back in his chair and nodded at his phone and computer. “No, nothing from Mycroft or ‘
Sherlock anticipated the question, and shook his head. “I need a body. I’m told there wasn’t much of one left, and certainly not enough for a conversation. I have my limits.”
Sherlock balked. “No,” he said loudly. “No, absolutely not.”
In reply, the woman bent so she could take off her right shoe, and she turned slightly on the spot, raising her foot and resting it on her opposite knee so Sherlock could see the bottom of her foot.
This was not the response Sherlock was used to. He backtracked through their conversation—had he said something wrong?—and concluded he’d said nothing out of the ordinary. “Oh?”
The sound was so loud, and so unexpected, that Sherlock jerked. He sat bolt upright, heart hammering so loudly in his ears that he almost couldn’t hear anything.
“Because we don’t know what we’re dealing with yet, and I want to be ready to leap into action at a moment’s notice if a crisis arises,” said John.
“So where do we go from here?” said Sherlock. “Now that there are no real secrets between us.”
Moriarty frowned. “… You’re not going to do it,” he said slowly, as if he couldn’t quite believe it. “You’re really not going to do it. I’m…” He took a step back. “I’m disappointed. I really thought you’d do it, for me, if I asked.”
“No, I know, but I mean…” John sat forward. “There’s no notice of my death in the papers or anything. Which makes sense, right, since I only just got back, but there’s nothing about the attack on the news either. No mention of anything.”
But Watson was here. Time was long since up.
Sherlock almost intervened, but John said smoothly, “A colleague of Detective Inspector Lestrade’s. And you are?”
Sherlock took one step forward, clutching the gun like a drowning man would clutch a piece of driftwood, so that the barrel was less than an arm’s length from Moriarty’s head. He stared Moriarty down. “
okay?”
When Lestrade’s officers at last arrived to oversee Soo Lin’s protection, Sherlock and John left the waiting room and made their way out of the hospital. Night had come and gone while they were inside, and the morning sky was already a bright blue.
Sherlock and Lestrade had been here several times during the week. The building was still empty, Shan’s body long moved to the morgue but construction still on hold while the investigation was ongoing.
Sherlock huffed a sigh. “That can wait.”
Suddenly the coffin lurched and John flattened his arms against the sides, adrenaline levels skyrocketing in the space of just two seconds, after being in the still and silent dark for so long. The entire container shifted, stopped, and then the lid flew open.
**uncomfortable sarcastic laughter**
Mrs. Hudson squeaked, “But—cameras? Here?! I’m in my nightie!” and bustled out of the room and back downstairs.
Seven minutes, one second.
Sherlock closed his eyes. “Damn.”
“Is it Moriarty?” asked Sherlock, once he’d gotten close enough, but Lestrade gestured for him and John to come inside, and the three of them entered. From the outside, the second floor of the building had suffered most of the damage, but even so the ground floor was in surprisingly fair condition. Here, the building had escaped with minimal damage, though there was a great deal of dust and shattered glass scattered around, just like it was at 221B, so that there was a loud crunch with every step they took. There were a number of scorch marks along the ceiling and walls once they moved further into the house.
The room turned in an unnatural but not wholly unfamiliar vertigo, and Sherlock promptly shut his eyes and dragged his mind back bit by bit from the inky black of empty unconsciousness.
“Look, you needn’t worry too much about Lestrade,” said Sherlock, slowing as he drew even with John, and then turning so he could walk backwards to observe John’s facial expression. “He’s—“
Sherlock ignored them—as he always did, really—and walked back to the cab that was still waiting for him and John at the edge of the police line.
“I don’t have an excuse,” continued Mycroft. “I had all sorts of suspicions—reasonable,
“Yes.”
Lestrade fidgeted in apparent alarm. “Don’t tell me you’re going to go right down to the minute again—“
“This is useful,” said Sherlock. He cautiously reached for a page, and when John didn’t make any objections, he picked it up.
He produced a small sheaf of papers from the file folder on his desk. A black and white photo had been attached to the front page with a paperclip. Mycroft set the papers down between them, turned so John could see the picture.
Soo Lin straightened, and smiled thinly. “With luck, we’ll speak again in two days. “
, how many times am I going to have to explain this?” He turned on his heel and stormed out, the box in his arms. John and Lestrade followed in his wake and nearly bumped into him (John practically leaping backwards in a panic) as Sherlock came to a screeching halt at the front door.
“I have several,” said Sherlock. “Time will tell if any need to be implemented. But for now, Moran being in custody on our terms is the important thing. And after today, we know, with absolute certainty, that what he says and what he does and where he goes
John was, admittedly, not much of a literary savant.
It didn't take long before Lestrade was calling Sherlock to "consult"—this was how they termed it, Sherlock calling himself a consulting detective—on over half of his cases. And Sherlock never once failed to solve them. It didn't matter what the case was about, how complicated it was, or how bizarre the circumstances of the crime were. Sherlock always deduced the answer.
“And you must be Mr. Gruner,” said Sherlock, and once he was over the threshold, the two men shook hands briefly. “A pleasure.” Looking around, he noted that he house’s interior was just as grand as its exterior—all marbles and glass and expensive finishings with overpriced furniture occupying every room Sherlock could see. Gruner really must have made a fortune between his dealings with Moriarty and his dealings with past lovers.
“Don’t you dare.”
~o~O~o~
See you very soon with the next chapter!
important! This is Moriarty we’re talking about.”
“Well, if he started in Lashkar Gah, he probably headed south to Sangin with a supply convoy,” said John unexpectedly. He looked at Mycroft, who blinked. “Was he impersonating someone with clearance? I mean, he’s a sniper, and Sherlock’s suspected he had military training himself, so if he could pass for some sort of specialized ops personnel, they’d have him in Sangin. That’s where most of the fighting is, and where most of us are stationed. That’s where your informant was, so that’d suit the sniper just fine. He could be there in a few days, and drop off the grid once he’d done his job. And we know he was back here at least two weeks ago when the leader of the Black Lotus was assassinated, since the bullet from her matches the bullet from me. So he probably got into the base, identified the departure that was the one most likely getting the informant from Sangin to Lashkar Gah to fly to London, and sabotaged it. That done, he could find another way out of the country, without having to rush.”
These thoughts came slowly—painfully, and slowly—as they crawled their way past the headache pounding against his skull. John pressed one hand against his forehead, squeezing his eyes shut and willing his brain to work past the migraine. Between the heady smell and the weight against his chest and the humid warmth of the room and the general pain he was in, he could barely string his thoughts together into anything coherent.
Sherlock tried to smile, but it didn’t quite work. It looked more like a grimace.
John got to his feet, and walked over to the sofa, before he realized he had no idea where to even begin.
Mycroft nodded slowly. “Are there other… people like you?”
you complete doofus)
, Lestrade—you didn’t need to barge in and handle this with all the indelicacy you seem to so readily detest in me!”
Sherlock snorted rudely. “Don’t ask stupid questions.”
“It’s my fault.”
A thousand apologies for the delay getting this chapter posted, as for a week I was entrenched in research, and the week before that I was organizing a research exhibition for my geology department, and before that I was doing research in the Bahamas on an island without a phone, computer, or access to wifi… but I did have a lot of fun and get very sunburned and I was chased across a coral reef by a barracuda so there’s that
When he touched it.
The Bully collapsed on the floor in a groaning heap.
“Our soldier is missing,” repeated Sherlock flatly.
And become the Detective.
“Obviously. That’s why he cut Gruner loose when he did,” said Sherlock with a nod. “He got too bold and too greedy. You stick to Moriarty’s missive, or he gets rid of you, at your expense. He keeps a handle on everyone who works with by monopolizing on their greed or their fear. It’s a bit Machiavellian, but that contributes to how it works so well. You control less intelligent people by manipulating them along the lines of their own self-interest.”
“So… ” said Mycroft slowly, as if it hurt to acknowledge that John was telling the truth. “You
“What are you doing?!” hissed John, before he caught sight of a familiar black sedan parked on the edge of the police perimeter.
In a flurry of movement, Watson grabbed the Detective's scarf before Sherlock could finish a rather bored "hello", and slammed the Detective's forehead into the lid of the coffin with a solid THWACK.
“Just get this over with,” Lestrade contributed, taking yet another step back.
He’d never thought like that before. He’d never had occasion to question his own Rules. It was new, full of unexplored potential and unevaluated complications. And unimaginable risk.
“Shh,” hissed Sherlock, gesturing lazily with one arm while he pushed the window open. “Sound carries easily in these spaces. Speak as little as possible. There’s no alarm on the window, obviously. Can we discuss this later?”
“I can’t just make up a reason, Sherlock.”
Mycroft looked down, and shook his head slightly.
“Surprise me,” said Sherlock shortly.
“I don’t need your help,” said Sherlock.
After a moment, Lestrade reluctantly relented. “Sometime around midnight, the body must have vanished out of the coffin. Security guard doing rounds heard a small disturbance near the morgue, and came down to find it open. Went in, found an empty coffin, and all hell has since broken loose.”
Lestrade and John both hung back as Sherlock made his way upstairs—though each glanced after Sherlock multiple times to monitor his progress—in order to reassure Mrs. Hudson that Sherlock was, in spite of his appearance, ‘okay’. As Sherlock reached the top of the stairs and half-fell through the door, he could hear Lestrade promising he would be back first thing in the morning to check in on them and to bring Sherlock to the Yard in order to file an official statement about his ordeal.
When the car stopped, the woman glanced up just long enough to give John a thin smile before she opened the back door. “No need,” she said disinterestedly. “If you’d please get in?”
“Not particularly,” said Sherlock.
“Trust,” said Lestrade flatly, “is a two-way street, Sherlock.”
“Listen, Sherlock, my job is on the line,” said Lestrade. “You know how much I rely on you with difficult cases, but bringing you in as a consultant is already toeing the line. If people start looking too deeply into things, and God forbid they figure out your dead people thing—“
At the bottom, Mrs. Hudson was just getting to the door, but John intervened, ushering her back to her apartment with a gentle but insistent slew of reassurances that he would take care of it.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “If you could deduce half as much as I can about him, you’d see how rigidly he abides by his morals. He has an excess of emotional intuition. Nerves of steel. An almost nauseating amount of empathy. Good luck subverting the conscience of someone like that. Perhaps you’re not so clever after all.”
“I know. But you also know how I feel about being left out. Or left behind,” said John. “I told you, after everything at the pool: I’m not going to be a disadvantage, or an inconvenience. So don’t force me to be one.”
Molly seemed to take this as some kind of reassurance, because she beamed again.
“I’m not.” Mycroft sighed. “If anything, I’m warning you.”
The facts were these:
purpose.”
“Constantly,” said Sherlock bluntly.
If he’d touched Zhi Zhu Yao before, they would know exactly what would happen to John if Moriarty touched him. This was why Moriarty had wanted him to touch Yao. They would know the logistics governing the interaction between their Gifts.
Sherlock looked at John for a moment. John always spoke with a surprising amount of conviction when he commented on what Sherlock was or wasn’t capable of. Sherlock had already started to get used to John’s knack for insight, for his ability to surprise Sherlock, and read him. Maybe that was how he could be so sure of Sherlock’s principles in spite of how new their partnership was. Or maybe it was the soldier in him, insisting that the cause he was fighting for had to be the good and just one.
“It went well,” said Sherlock. He gave John a look. “You’re awfully inquisitive.”
Sherlock spun about to look at him. “They’re
“You can’t hide from me,” said Moriarty gleefully, drinking in the look on Sherlock’s face with obvious relish. “You can pretend for everyone else, sure. But they’re idiots. They’re
“In a towering temper, I think,” replied John, doing the same. “You know better than I do that he hates having too many people involved with his work.”
“You don’t think it’s—“ Amberley started to say, but John ignored him and crept down the hallway towards the strongroom ahead of them. He wished more than anything that he’d brought his gun, but he had a feeling nagging at the back of his mind that he knew what to expect. He went to the strongroom door, behind which faint noises could be heard.
John smiled a little. “Lucky for us that I died.”
“All those women you’ve threatened. Blackmailed. And killed, it seems,” said Sherlock. Gruner’s demeanor darkened. Sherlock went on, “Did you think no one would notice?” And then he said, “Did you think
“Missing.”
Sherlock didn’t move, rooted in one place as if frozen there. “… What,” he said, his voice unexpectedly small.
John braced himself. “Come on, then.”
~o~O~o~
(though I think by now that should be more or less a given)
“No,” Sherlock lied automatically, voice impossibly nonchalant, absently studying the paper again, turning it over and over in hand even though the message was imprinted on the inside of his eyelids every time he blinked. “No ideas. Not yet. But I’ll figure it out. I’ve only been on the case for less than a minute.”
It didn’t take long for Young Sherlock to encounter the first of these instances. He would be called on to speak in class, and he would always answer correctly, and get a crumpled piece of paper to the back of the head for it the moment the teacher’s head was turned. He would be bumped in the hall. He would be teased. He would be ignored. He would be mocked. He would be hated.
Sherlock rubbed his eyes.
“… Are you making fun of me?”
Sherlock dropped to his knees and reached after them, fingers seizing on air. Swearing under his breath, he pulled his arm back and swung forward to follow down the grate instead. “Come on, John,” he said, glancing over his shoulder.
Sherlock squared his jaw, and then touched the mousepad to revive his laptop, before he hammered the return key.
“Yes, you,” said John, a little impatiently. “We’re talking about a sniper vanishing from under our noses and Moriarty getting ready to murder you, and you seem completely disinterested. But… weirdly. Like you’re pretending. I mean,
Sherlock’s stomach dropped, and then his heart skipped a beat when the nonexistent company in question spoke up behind him, and said, “Everything all right?”
“Not yet,” said Sherlock, opening his eyes.
“Thanks,” John said, tossing the clerk five quid. The kid pocketed it happily.
Shit.
took her place. Shan commanded us, but
“He said, ‘Tell them it was M—‘, and then I died,” said John with a shrug. “And we assume the ‘M’ was going to be—“
, as unusual as that was. A gut feeling that there was a connection between him and Moriarty that he couldn’t explain. Something more complicated than just that they were both clever, or that they’d both been fascinated with the criminal underworld in one way or another for a long time.
“I can, and I do,” said Sherlock coldly. Lestrade fixed him with an uncertain look, but Sherlock could see a little doubt in his expression. “Don’t be an idiot, Lestrade. I warned you we were dealing with high-level criminals here. Criminals with clout. With weight. With finesse.”
However -- surprise! -- at LEAST chapters 33 and 34 will be WEEKLY instead of the usual biweekly! Maybe chapter 32 as well if people really want it ;D  we shall see
“To be honest, I hadn’t given it much thought until now; I was too preoccupied with finding him and not with what he might be doing in the meantime,” Sherlock admitted. “But Soo Lin has made a good point, and the Black Lotus are the people in Moriarty’s network that we’ve had the most direct contact with. Considering how carelessly he got rid of Shan and Zhi Zhu, it doesn’t seem all that unreasonable that he would get rid of the rest of them in the same quick fashion. They’ve been too exposed. And with Gruner put away, he doesn’t really need them to smuggle things out of China to the London markets. I think he’s going to start eliminating all of the pieces of his network that I’ve contacted or exposed, and then when I’m dead, he’ll be able to vanish again. Very neat and tidy.”
you did, I don’t expect you to have a plan that revolves around me.”
The first was that he had just called the man John. Which should not be strange, but he had known this man for—check the watch—eight minutes and twelve seconds—and he was not
Sherlock and John were sitting around the kitchen table back in 221B, both with cups of fully-caffeinated tea in front of them in spite of the lateness of the hour. Mycroft had sent them home not long after John and Moran had been separated, deciding that they’d done quite enough for one day (any chance of Mycroft suggesting John have another crack at talking with Moran had been quashed more or less immediately by the murderous look Sherlock gave Mycroft the second he started talking about ‘next steps’). They had taken one of Mycroft’s stately black sedans back to the flat, and settled in. John had cleaned himself up—removing the blood from his face and throwing his ruined clothes in the wash—while Sherlock texted Lestrade to update him on recent events. Then they had both returned to the kitchen, made tea, and sat there, almost at a loss as to what to do next. By then, the sun was already setting outside.
At least, that had been the thought forty minutes, thirty-nine seconds, and twenty-one utterances of the phrase “
“Keep her awake,” said John, one hand bundled up in the jacket he had pressed to her stomach, and the other at her wrist to monitor her pulse.
Sherlock was plucking strings on his violin when John walked down the stairs the next morning.
Permitting himself the smallest possible sigh of relief, Sherlock kept up the pace until he reached the gallery, which was strangely still in the dark despite John hanging back. “They fled through a grate in the atrium,” he called as he entered. He could just make out a shape in the gloom that had to be John, and he moved towards him. “That must be how they got in without us seeing them at the back. But I didn’t see Soo Lin. Why weren’t you following m—“
The job was dull, and it did little to make John feel any less anxious about the plan, but there was something to be said for being part of it. A contribution of some kind—even a contribution this small—to the limited efforts they could make in protecting Soo Lin made it that much more bearable.
“It’s addressed to you,” Lestrade insisted. “Considering we can all easily deduce who the sender is, you’d be justified in making an exception,” said Sherlock. He examined the paper. Same stationary as before. Bohemian. Same handwriting as well. He picked up a letter opener off Lestrade’s desk and carefully slit the envelope.
also terrified
“Why confess at all?” asked John.
“But I’m guessing from this that no one actually saw the perpetrators in the act,” said Sherlock. He was finding it something of a challenge to feign his typical interest. But Sherlock knew he needed to do even better, so he forced himself to pay closer attention. He had to abate Lestrade’s suspicions.
“I’m what?” said Lestrade blankly.
By the end of the third day after the raid on the Lucky Cat Emporium, John was surprised Sherlock had ever been able to recover from injuries without being tranquilized the entire time.
Lestrade regarded him for a minute, finally shaking his head and whistling. "All right, I'm impressed. You don't even need to talk to the poor sods to solve half of these cases, never mind if they're dead or just on an illegal holiday."
“I appreciate you taking the time out of your day to speak with me,” said Mycroft, in his best business tone. There wasn’t a drop of noticeable emotion in his voice or in his face.
Sure about…
“Oh… kay…” John said uncertainly.  “Well, we know that Amberley’s wife and Dr. Ernest left sometime while Josiah Amberley was at the theatre. We know that Mrs. Amberley claimed illness and stayed home. We know that the strongroom was opened with the key. We know that the house is clean and that Amberley’s painting it and it’s absolutely miserable in there the smell is so strong. We know he’s upset. We know he plays chess. We know he has a bad back. We know he attended the theatre alone last night and his wife’s ticket said seat 31, row B. His wife packed very light, apparently; only grabbed a few things. Didn’t take any sort of memento. Just clothes, some jewelry, and money.”
It didn’t take long for a plan to develop.
John and the other medics walked quickly, single-file, into the building through the door, each bringing equipment in bags under their arms. They didn’t waste time, getting to work on the injured lying on cots and rugs around the room, while available translators around the room helped reassure family members and explain complaints.
“Expect me to meet you there. I’ll be there when the museum opens,” Sherlock persisted. “If there’s a problem between now and then, contact me directly in an emergency or leave a message in the code the rest of the Tong uses. I’ll learn the code between now and then.”
“… Why?”
“I sincerely hope your questions aren’t
Soo Lin was ghostly pale, and her eyes were screwed shut in obvious pain. The wound, a stab wound, appeared to be a small but deep cut to her abdomen, judging from where John was applying pressure.
“Slow down,” said John. “We’re all fine.”
Sherlock hesitated, and finally said, “Let Inspector Lestrade get you home for now. But I’ll let you know when I decide to make my move to get his camera. I was planning on bringing some police backup and they may be all right with you watching the proceedings from a safe distance, if it matters that much to you.”
“I’m not. I don’t think he’d have asked for your help tonight if that wasn’t true.”
Twenty-five years, six months, nine days, one hour, and eleven minutes after his destiny crashed into his bedroom window and died, in a time heretofore known as "Now", Young Sherlock was no longer Young Sherlock.
Sherlock was silent.
John reminded himself that Sherlock would be distant. If he was trying to think like Sherlock, he’d had to try to maintain the same boundaries. He licked his lips and focused on the physical. John noticed the room was kept clean. A coffee table supported a few chessboards around the room. “You play chess, Mr. Amberley?”
Sherlock frowned uncertainly. “What, do you expect me to sit around here wasting time? Running into Lestrade was rather opportune.”
“Of course,” said Sherlock. “The answer to how and why Jeff Hope successfully murdered four people and disguised them as suicides lies with those items and his own admittedly brief confession.”
“Seven times.”
John finished his tea before he said anything, eyes on his cup. “I promise, Sherlock, I will not be a disadvantage, or an inconvenience.”
This – this was interesting.
“Nothing.”
John nodded, feeling only a little less anxious than he’d felt a few minutes ago. He opened up his notebook to jot down the particulars, picking up his pen and looking down at the blank page he’d opened to. “That’s something, then. You’d better be careful when you’re on watch, though—I bet everyone in Moriarty’s network knows your face by now. You’re a private detective so it’s not like everyone in London knows your face, sure, but the last thing we need is for you to be reckless right now. Not when the stakes are this high. So do me a favor and be careful out there, all right? And call me if something happens.”
John looked at it, and then flipped through every paper in the folder hurriedly. Under the birth certificate was a copy of his enlistment registration paperwork for the army. Then an NHS card and medical records. And then beneath that, there was a firearms certificate. And then a driver’s license. Then a passport. There were even a few years of tax forms and travel records and university bills and a copy of his degree and his medical license.
(See the end of the chapter for
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see a twitch at the corner of John’s mouth, the meaning perfectly clear without words.
know how soon Moriarty wants you dead,” said Lestrade. “I’m not being cautious enough. I don’t want to die because you’re careless, and I’d rather you weren’t dead either.”
"It's…" Sherlock blinked and scowled, perplexed that his mental processes suddenly felt so inhibited in a way they were not accustomed to. But then, they were not accustomed to praise either. "It's quite simple, really. A simple matter of observation and deduction."
cakes to consume
Before Sherlock could reply, John got to his feet. “Can we talk?” he asked Sherlock, making an apologetic gesture to Soo Lin. “Privately? For a minute?”
“You should be careful about associating too closely with Sherlock. Especially if you have something to hide,” said Mycroft.
Before he could finish the message, a text from Mycroft appeared. He scrolled to it.
And so it was that three days, two hours, and twenty-nine minutes after Sherlock Holmes first introduced himself to the DI, Sherlock Holmes solved the case, proved it, and obtained a confession from the murderer.
“I hate them more. I observe more. Everyone is in some state of worry or grief, or they’re ill, or dying, and it’s all over their faces. Every single person in this building is a textbook example of pity, fear, or misery. Everything smells of disinfectant. And stealing ID to get back into surgery for information is more trouble than it’s worth.”
“I’m sure you will,” said Sherlock, with the smallest of return smiles. “It may be in my best interests anyway. You’re incredibly annoying when you’re bored.”
“Are you still angry?” he asked finally.
So it was that he had embraced the need for knowledge. Knowledge became the companion he could not physically risk having. Learning became the pastime that made him forget about feeling lonely. Understanding was the feeling that filled the void of everything else he had to give up.
“We’ve made decent headway with ‘Tell them it was M—‘ as our starting point,” Sherlock pointed out.
John looked up from Sherlock’s laptop, which he had borrowed and set up at the table in the living room so he could read the news. “You’re still sure there will be another one? It’s been four days since Gruner was arrested.”
. And neither are you. You know perfectly well you can’t just send me away because you’re panicking. Come on, Sherlock—you can’t just touch someone’s life and be done with it!”
Sherlock was alone. As he had to be. And when he had nothing to do, he would remember just how alone he was. And that just wouldn't do. So Sherlock kept his unbelievably clever mind filled with practical information that could lead to work, experiments, distractions, occupation.
"What?" said Sherlock warily with a frown.
John continued to frown, but eventually, he nodded.
“You won’t refuse,” said Mycroft blithely.
“What are you doing?” demanded Sherlock, of Lestrade and then of John, as John lowered the hood of his jacket and adjusted his grip on his gun back to two hands. He looked at Lestrade furiously.  “What is he doing?”
?” he repeated.
After a few minutes, the door opened, and John poked his head out, looking around for Sherlock. When he saw the Detective, he fully exited the morgue. He was now wearing a worn pair of jeans and a wool jumper—which was fortuitously well suited for the crisp night outside—and had his small duffel slung over his good shoulder.
John frowned, and carefully took the folder from Sherlock, careful to touch only the end far from Sherlock’s hand. He opened it.
“Did he threaten you?”
Remember: Rule Number One.
Sherlock tilted his head. “It’s only been a few days since you died. Not to mention it’s a sensitive case, considering the potential terrorist threat associated with your passing. It shouldn’t be that much of a surprise.”
“Body snatching is not a good thing, Sherlock,” said Lestrade. But the inspector was no longer looking at Sherlock with a suspicious edge.
Sherlock’s brows raised ever so slightly, not looking at what John was indicating. “Mm?”
In less than two minutes, Sherlock emerged from his room, pulling his coat on as he went. He looked remarkably less fragile when wrapped in his black coat with the collar predictably popped, and even less so after bundling his scarf around his neck and tugging on his black gloves with most of his typical case-fueled intensity.
Lestrade arrived the next day in his own car—having apparently taken the afternoon off—in order to get Sherlock and John to the morgue. Mrs. Hudson waved them off (“Oh, a night out? How nice. You know, Mrs. Turner and I often like to…”), and they left for the morgue, with Lestrade and Sherlock in front, and John riding in the back to make sure he and Sherlock did not accidentally touch.
“Good,” said Sherlock. “Then I think we have enough to go on for the time being.”
“Fine,” said John, awkwardly aware that Lestrade was right there. “I’m fine, Sherlock, knock it off.”
“Frowning,” repeated Sherlock.
John pursed his lips, and nodded. Mycroft descended the stairs without another word, and John closed the door behind him.
Sherlock couldn’t decide if he was impressed or outraged at John’s creativity. “But,” he said aloud, “they are not broken.”
, doesn’t it?” Sherlock said. “If he went through all the trouble of setting up that meeting at the pool—with messages and puzzles and all of that build-up—he has to have more in mind than ordering someone else to put a bullet in my brain from two hundred yards away. He might decide to get rid of
?” repeated Lestrade, paling. “Jesus, you mean you
Sherlock's hand twitched, and jerked back.
Lestrade nodded sagaciously. “I get that. Really, I do. But he can’t keep operating alone, not if Moriarty really is going to blow up buildings in residential neighborhoods just to get attention. This is bigger than the two of them, now. It probably always was bigger than that, but now the rest of us know that too.”
good god this chapter is long
“It might be possible to identify some of the other members of the Black Lotus and bring them in officially. Or just question them on the street,” Sherlock was saying. “Then again, I’m not exactly confident that it would be possible to find more than maybe one individual, if any.”
“But—“ said John, for what had to be the tenth time in the space of a couple minutes, and once again Sherlock anticipated his question.
“And they are?”
There was a pause, and then Sherlock smiled a bit too. “Would be a bit of a shame, I’ll admit.”
Mycroft looked up sharply. “Before what?” he said.
“Of course,” the other person said quickly—a woman in hospital scrubs with her hair pulled back in a ponytail—before they stepped through the doors.
“Marginally,” Mycroft replied, and it was clear that John had been the one to insist on the oxygen mask.
John shrugged his good shoulder. “We’re still going to do it.” He sighed. “I’ll stay, and keep helping. If we talk to the cabbie.”
The point was, Soo Lin was right. Sherlock
Sherlock’s lips quirked a little at the corners in the smallest of smirks. “How exactly did you find me?” he said, looking closely at John.
John rubbed his temples, looking at the diagram Sherlock had drawn. “Holy shit.”
working with you has aged me
John looked puzzled. “I don’t understand.”
Sherlock hastened up the stairs to John’s room, and froze in the threshold.
John frowned a little, but seemed to accept the statement for what it was. “I just want to do something useful.”
“I’m still working that out,” said Sherlock shortly and with considerable venom. “For the most part,
John had never seen him angry like this. He wasn’t sure if he’d ever seen anyone angry like this.
But John squared his shoulders, taking a few more steps into the room to look more closely at Shan. “I think I’m okay. Not like I’ve never seen a dead person before. I’ll stay, if you don’t mind.”
S-O-S.
“I hope you understand that this sounds insane. That you think Moriarty is helping you to solve a murder.”
“I’m not sure that was a compliment,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock ground his teeth and swallowed hard, mouth dry. He’d known this was coming, but he didn’t have the patience for it. Not now. Not in the middle of all of this. He had bigger problems. More important secrets.
“You recall how I said that there was almost
The door opened, but no one appeared.
Sherlock shifted, not making eye contact, but John didn’t push the subject any further.
“What will you do now?” asked Sherlock, pointedly ignoring John’s look. “You said when we first spoke about all of this that you had intended to run away and start over elsewhere. Is that still your plan?”
“Six,” offered Sherlock crisply.
“Hold that thought, Anderson—
The day passed in relative silence. Mrs. Hudson came around midafternoon with a tray of biscuits and a pot of tea, and John was so relieved to have some company that wasn’t just sitting in abject indignation in a corner that he actually hugged her.
Something was burning.
refers to the angel leading the army of locusts released from the abyss after it is first opened… and in either case, Moran escaping capture seems to fit that description just fine to me XD I wanted to stick to Mycroft’s habit of somewhat over-the-top religious symbolism as a means of secret communication… because of course he would
“That seems to be one of his many talents,” said Mycroft, but then he sighed. “My people are still going over everything at the pool. We can evaluate whatever evidence we get from there, and try to formulate some kind of plan. Lestrade and I can coordinate our forces on that score—“ Mycroft glanced at Lestrade, who nodded, “—and try to identify a trail that we can follow to him, as long as you will agree to stay here.”
“Because he’s Moriarty’s sniper?”
"I don't pretend to know anything about such things," said Sherlock dismissively. "A foolish notion for consideration. If you don't recall being dead and knowing earlier, then perhaps you already know if there’s an afterlife at all. Either way, I find the subject pointless."
Watson looked rather alarmed. "What—"
He and John waited in the café, passing hours with anxious silence and halfhearted conversation. Neither seemed willing to take their eyes off the back exit of the museum for more than a few minutes at a time. As evening drew closer and the sky outside the window started to fade from greys and blues into the purples and pastels of twilight, the two of them watched museum staff begin to file out intermittently through the back door. Ten minutes, then thirty, and then fifty passed, and the trickle of people sped up, then slowed, then stopped altogether.
John stood in the doorway.
“I touched Yao’s body and
Sherlock blinked. There it was again. There was that praise—that odd, perplexing, unexpected praise. “… You think so?”
"Mm," said Sherlock, already beginning to think, already beginning to analyze the body. He didn't need Lestrade to tell him details. Sherlock could learn everything he needed to know himself, as if the answers were written in the air for him to read, needing only a single glance.
Lestrade came to know about Sherlock's Gift in the following manner:
Sherlock nodded, eyes focused on something far away. “He’d left all of his clothes in his locker, but there was no sign of his shoes…” He glanced at the pristine trainers. “… Until now.”
But instead, it did the opposite.
So they couldn’t kill him.
John nodded.
“That sort of thing matters.”
“John?” said Sherlock in surprise, looking around. He deposited his files on te kitchen table before glancing around again. The lights in the second bedroom were on. "John?" he called again, and there was a thump upstairs in reply.
Sherlock didn’t turn around, and it took him a moment to reply. His voice was shaky, breath catching in his chest. “I… don’t know what I expected.”
It took him an additional fourteen minutes to come to the conclusion that being different—well, being different like he was, at least—was simultaneously a tremendous gift and a terrible problem.
“And then disinfect myself.”
"This seems awfully high-profile, Lestrade," said Sherlock, his polite tone not quite masking his interest. "How did you find out about this?"
“Sherlock,” John said, lowering his paper. Sherlock ignored him, hands pressed together in front of his face.
“If I suffer mental damage because of you, I hold you financially and personally responsible for any subsequent repercussions suffered by my work,” said Sherlock darkly, massaging his head.
“I was in bed an hour ago.”
to know about the cabbie that had paid the price for Sherlock’s carelessness? He was alive again; that, he thought, should be that.
“If the information from my Homeless Network is correct, it would appear he’s made a fortune by threatening and extorting former girlfriends,” said Sherlock, the disgust in his voice quite apparent.
," Lestrade interjected, crossing his arms forcefully over his chest. "No. I do not need you butting in on that one. So you can stop asking."
“And when do I get to speak to him? Your employer,” demanded Sherlock, eyes narrowing, choosing his words with care.
“Good,” said John firmly, and he lowered the plastic to resume packing away their leftovers. “You were saying?”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied. When three expectant looks (flavored with varying degrees of annoyance) met this answer, he went on, “Once I caught up to him, he talked for a moment, and then he ran off.”
Suddenly a door—the side door that John had first stepped through—opened. For the first time in several minutes, John moved, as he and Sherlock both jumped and turned their heads in the direction of the door. Reflexively, Sherlock pointed John’s gun at the door, wavering, before he returned his aim to Moriarty’s head, but he watched the door.
John snorted, adjusting one of the rubber gloves. “Ha, yeah, no thanks to you. I’ve been stuck here with nothing to do but look around for almost two weeks—I know where everything in this place is, including the two jars of
Before that particular moment, most of John’s time was spent in the clinic on base or aiding with transport to and from local hospitals. The days were long, and hot, and exhausting, and often bloody. Patients came and went.
There was the sound of a door closing downstairs, and quiet voices as John and Mrs. Hudson continued to talk in the hallway on the floor below. Lestrade’s car engine started and drove away.
“Why not?”
Sherlock was simply relieved to see that both Molly Hooper and Lestrade were still alive in the hallway. While he didn't exactly count them as friends, it would be highly inconvenient for either of them to have died. Replacing them would be tedious and potentially impossible.
Sherlock smirked, and turned his gaze to the doors leading into the building’s lobby, framed by tall panes of glass on either side, allowing a glimpse into the empty atrium within.
This was not (strictly speaking) entirely accurate. In the six days that had passed since their meeting with Moriarty at the pool, Sherlock and John had gotten at least one call or visit each day from both Mycroft and Lestrade. The meetings and calls were not particularly productive, or long, but they were now a regular daily occurrence. These check-ins were on the pretext of keeping everyone up-to-date on developments—but after the first few days when there were no developments on any of the half-dozen occasions he received a call or visit, Sherlock caught on. That, and when he mentioned how weirdly involved Mycroft and Lestrade were being, John’s ears had turned bright red and he’d said something wholly unconvincing about texts being too tedious to type out all the time.
John rolled his eyes. “So how are you planning on contacting him? Putting the shoes back with a little ‘you are appreciated’ Hallmark card?”
“But he didn’t tell me anything meaningful. He didn’t answer any of my questions. We just snapped at one another.”
“And you have been for quite some time, it would seem.”
just get to exist. I get to
John’s eyes widened, but he didn’t say anything.
“And…” added Mycroft, as he signaled to the man who had been monitoring the video feed. “…you might give him these as well.”
fear—and he shut it down again.
I think many of you will have guessed from the title of this chapter who was coming - I couldn't stop myself from bringing Mycroft in. I love writing Mycroft (though I've written little of him), and of course, Sherlock would be hard-pressed to do anything without Mycroft getting involved.
"Stop poking fun at Anderson."
“That can wait,” said John. Sherlock was leaning on him more and more and he had no intention of stopping for a chat with someone he’d had to shoot a few minutes ago. “You’ll have time later. But I don’t want to wait for his backup.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened wide.
“How long is this going to be?” said John finally, when minutes passed and Mycroft said nothing, a silence slowly enveloping the car. “I might have left the kettle on.”
“You don’t have anywhere to be,” interrupted Mycroft. “You aren’t employed. You have no source of income. You don’t collect any kind of welfare. You barely even leave Baker Street. You have no obligations, social or otherwise.”
It was Lestrade’s tone that caught Sherlock’s attention. It was decidedly anxious. He looked away from John, frowning, to see Lestrade waving anxiously from across the street.
“Yes,” he said crisply, without looking.
“Considering the beating you’ve taken, I somehow expected your pain tolerance to be higher than screaming at antiseptic, you maniac,” said John, heart beating so fast he thought he might need a lie-down himself. He pressed a hand over his heart. “Holy hell.”
John looked at him, taking in the suit, umbrella, and scrutinizing eyes. He wasn’t sure why, but something about him made John uneasy, and an instinctive dislike told him it was time to go. “What makes you think I have something to hide?” he said. Without waiting for an answer, he turned on his heel and walked away.
So, Sherlock walked. He knew that the building’s security personnel worked on a rotating shift, with changes at specific times. He arrived at the morgue at exactly the window when he knew guards would be changing shifts, and from there, it had taken very little effort. A few lockpicks and a small screwdriver, a well-timed shimmy up a fire escape and through a stairwell window, and he was in. Sherlock knew all of the gaps in the security camera routes, and therefore could find the least-watched ingresses. Where he couldn’t avoid cameras, a procured spare lab coat over his own black one served well enough in case someone saw him from a distance on screen or in person.
“Possible?!” Sherlock let out a weird, strangled sort of laugh. “That’s not a question we can ask with this. With any of this.
John raised an eyebrow.
Moran’s mouth moved, forming clumsy, gasping, unintelligible words, but he wasn’t breathing. There was blood in his lungs.
“Sherlock…” said John in warning, clearly thinking the same thing.
“No,” said Sherlock sharply in a flat-out refusal. “No. No. I refuse. I absolutely will not see a medic. No. No. I’m going home and you can all just—“
from his schooldays. And he thought, if he had to offer a description to the first circle of Hell, it would probably very closely resemble a hospital waiting room.
John laughed. “I’m taking that as a compliment.”
Mycroft didn’t get out. “I only came to drop something off,” he said simply. “Then I’ll go.”
“I’m getting the impression I might want to let you talk to him first,” said Lestrade, hanging back. “I’d like to talk to him. But maybe after you’ve actually explained the circumstances to the poor bastard.”
Sherlock shoved his hands into his pockets, a little more aggressively than was strictly necessary, and did not meet Lestrade’s gaze.
Couldn’t possibly be.
, John, quit babbling and get up,” said Sherlock, rolling his eyes and turning around to go back down the stairs. “Things are finally interesting again and all you want to do is sleep?”
“Mycroft knows we’re coming, right?” John asked, as they stepped out of the cab.
This was why the Rules existed. So that there never would be a stupid mistake. So that this could never happen.
“I mean, you don’t think it’s possible my death is being glazed over?” John repeated. He paused, before peering at Sherlock’s face in confusion. “What?”
Gruner stumbled, livid, spitting, “I refuse to—“, but footsteps in the hall announced the arrival of company. Sherlock and Gruner both turned to the door, and Sherlock waited for Lestrade to materialize in the threshold. But it wasn’t Lestrade.
AT LAST, I RETURN
... whoops
Watson glanced down at himself, and actually whistled in surprise at the sight of the wound to his shoulder. He had clearly only just noticed it. "God, you weren't kidding. That's a clean shot."
“Mm.” Sherlock set down John’s pen with a triumphant look on his face. “Gruner makes a deal with Moriarty—if Moriarty can get him out of a murder conviction, he’ll offer Moriarty his services indefinitely and expand them from Germany to an international market. Which means Gruner isn’t one of Moriarty’s victims like Carl Powers, nor is he a client. He’s a partner.”
“What did he say?” Lestrade prompted.
“Not much,” said Sherlock. He glanced sideways at John, but John did not meet his gaze. “Cryptic warnings about my impending doom. A lot of dramatic nonsense. Nothing of value.”
“Yes, you did,” said John.
“So we wait until the museum closes, and then we wait for her at the doors over there?” John asked, inclining his head towards the door he had been watching for three days. “She left the message on the side of one of the dumpsters by the door, so I’m assuming we’re supposed to meet her where she left the message.”
“Not sure it’s worth the time investment,” said Sherlock. “Or monetary, since a tracking operation of that scale would require befriending a few more of London’s amiable Homele—“
Sherlock looked between them incredulously. “You’re joking,” he said. “You must be joking. I work
“He used three question marks. He’s already surpassed freaking out and gone straight to fear-tantrums,” said Sherlock, typing a short “On my way. –SH” and sending it to Lestrade.
The way forward suddenly became clear.
John blinked in surprise. “What for? There isn’t a new body. At least, not one you can talk to. Are you going about Shan?”
