"Have you met me?" Tony shot back.
"That's a relief...what's going on here?" Tony tilted his head. All of Peter's belongings were boxed up, his various spider-man suits folded in a neat stack on the bed, which was bare of sheets and pillows. Happy was holding a bag full of web cartridges. He took one out and flung it at Peter, who was hunched over on the floor, headphones over his ears.
"I'm not sure. I think we'll take it from here, FRIDAY, thank you," Steve dismissed the AI.
Wanda nodded, "we all are." She raised her palm, a ball of red energy floating just above it.
"Hands where I can see them, swiper," Tony ordered. The man held his hands above his head in surrender. "How did you get in here?"
"But the others do," Bucky grumbled.
"It's bonded with your blood. It's not going to be easy to get out," Tony whispered. "We can put you under, just to be safe."
And so begins the actual plot for this story!
"Tony..."
"Anthony!" Steve bolted to his feet upon hearing the repulsor blast.
The phone dinged with a new message. An audio file.
"What the hell is going on?" Natasha yelled over the explosions. The explosions were only big enough to destroy the suits themselves, not doing much harm to the area around them. The smoldering debris they left in their wake did more damage than the actual explosions. Ultron howled in rage before his collective consciousness retreated from the suits, vanishing back into the depths of the internet.
"Don't worry about it," Tony clinked his metal hand against Bucky's shoulder. "Are we still going out for lunch today?"
There was absolutely no hesitation in the way he responded with "of course not." Tony would let the world burn a million times over if it meant being able to see his son one last time. "We both mean business, Osborn. Neither of us is leaving here without what we came for." He raised his repulsor.
"I don't have much of a choice, do I?" Tony grunted. He couldn't see any of the other Avengers, but he could hear the Hulk roaring. A split second later, Spider-man leaped out of the flames, letting out a shriek of anger.
"Because the armor is the one doing the walking. My legs are just dead weight inside it," Tony explained. He took a long sip of the now cold coffee.
"I know." Steve leaned back against the armrest. "You think finding Tony will change that?"
"Thankfully, that wasn't the case. Go easy on him, Rhodes," Steve spoke up. "Let's just be glad he's home." Iron Man glanced around the room, expecting his teammates to object to Steve's words. But they were all nodding in agreement. Hell, some of them were even smiling at Tony. Tony shook himself, baffled by their change in attitude towards him.
"During the battle of New York?"
"Hungry?" Steve smiled at the shorter man. Tony hesitated before nodding. Steve put a gentle hand on the small of his back and guided him out of the workshop.
"Damnit Stark! Pick up your phone! Something is very, very, very, wrong with Peter! He...ugh...let me just send you the voicemail he left me." Michelle's voice snapped. The message clicked, signaling its end.
Spider-man's screams abruptly cut off and he went limp, his eyes half open.
"Son of a..." Pepper marcher over to him. "I'll handle, this Rogers. You can go now."
Peter stared at his wrists in horror, "you sick bastard...why?! I didn't ask for this!!" In any other situation, having organic webbing would've been cool. But the fact that Peter had been forcefully operated on by someone he once considered a friend...he felt like he was going to puke.
Steve gulped, "mentally?"
Tony choked, "I'm suicidal, but I'm not
"Tony's going to have to wait," Natasha sighed as she headed for the door.
"I know, I know, and I'm sorry. I'm so sorry Harry." Peter looked him dead in the eye, willing his voice to remain even as he spoke.
Tony went back to pacing in his cell. Steve tried to start a friendly conversation, but Tony wasn't really in the mood. He just listened as Steve talked about whatever popped into his head. He could hear Natasha, Vision, and Rhodey chatting at the other end of the room. Clint used his breakfast tray as a drum, beating on the back of it with a spoon and singing some god awful children's song until Sam very loudly told him to shut the fuck up.
"He better..." Bucky sniffed. He'd never forgive himself if Tony died alone in that cold suit of armor.
"Wait, we're helping him escape?" Sam blinked. "We just watched him straight up murder a guy-"
"Tony, we gotta go!" Bruce yelled.
"Who?"
I started writing this chapter at 10pm and now it is 2am. I said I wasn't going to write this until next week, but then I got a bunch of ideas so...ya know.
"Exactly. If you were human then nothing would change. I'd still feel the same way about you."
"I could ask you the same thing," the man growled. Bucky was pretty sure the man's chest was glowing, but it was hard to tell with the layers of clothing.
"I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about web-slinging. My ribs aren't done healing. It's gonna hurt like hell," Peter was sitting on a table, watching Tony work. He laid back, trying to keep the pressure off his ribs. The cold metal of the table was a welcoming feeling on his back.
"Tony!!" Steve cried, helplessly watching his friend plummet to the ground, blood streaming from a gash in his arm. Tony hit the grass with a thud. Steve worked harder to free himself. They weren't too high up, a fall like that shouldn't be enough to kill someone. But Tony wasn't moving.
Peter made a face, "I didn't need to know that."
"Not dating my ass," Clint rolled his eyes.
No answer. Tony sighed, hung up and tried to call him back.
"Answer the question, Mr. Parker."
(See the end of the chapter for
Venom's eyes narrowed. "I did not want to do thissss." He kicked off the wall, launching himself right at MJ.
"I really don't want to get trapped under another building, Wanda." Peter lunged at her again, fists raised.
"Shh...it's okay..." Wanda brushed the back of her hand over the side of Peter's face. Spider-man was shaking badly so Wanda continued to comfort him until he calmed down.
"I will," Steve switched places with Peter. "Natasha, can you-"
Stane picked a faceplate off one of the workbenches and held it over his own face. "Funny thing about masks. You can be anyone you want with them. And anyone can be you."
We're reaching the bitter end, ya'll. Hold on to your butts.
Iron Man took a step back, "okay. I'll do it myself."
"Good." He slipped the shield onto his forearm and adjusted the straps. Tony's arms are by no means scrawny, yet they stood no match against the raw muscle that made up Steve's entire body. Tony took a deep breath, hoping that Steve wouldn't use that muscle against him when he saw Iron Man's real face. He was already going over his "don't be mad, baby" speech in his head. "Can you make the suit fly any faster? I have a feeling Steve's going to punch me in the face. And I'd rather not feel it."
"So am I."
Steve knelt down next to him, "what is it?"
"You're dying," Natasha reminded him.
"Hey, are you doing okay?" Steve put his hand on Tony's knee.
(Fair warning that the next chapter is going to get INTENSE.)
"Of course we would," Natasha sighed. "I have to agree with Tony on this one, though. You're not fighting anyone until you're back to one hundred percent health."
"Oh. My kid's."
Tony stirred the broth again. "I'm really not hungry."
"Want to elaborate on that?" Steve crossed his arms.
In summary: Steve and Tony are both idiots.
"Doctor Banner," a voice spoke from the driver's seat. Bruce stepped onto the bus and handed the driver the folder. They flipped through the papers within. The words "Family Business" were stamped at the top of each page in small black letters. "This all of it?"
"I was under the impression that we were," Steve chuckled.
." Bruce opened his mouth to object but Tony kept talking. "You
"Excuse you?!" Tony's head snapped up.
Spider-man gave him two thumbs up, "okay, mom."
"Have you found Ock?" Peter asked.
"Mute. I'll prepare the suit myself." Tony quickly got dressed and headed straight for his armor.
"Thanks, Dumm-E," Steve accepted the cup of coffee from the bot with an earnest smile. A few days ago, the Avengers were homeless. Then they got ahold of Director Fury, who relocated them to a facility upstate. He hadn't been expecting them to make the move so soon, so most of the compound was still under construction. The main living quarters and Bruce's lab were really the only things finished. Iron Man had made a home in the spacious garage that housed the Quinjet. The items he had salvaged from the tower were scattered all around.
"I did. That was a long time ago, Bruce." Peter's eyes were dark, his expression was unreadable. "You really think I would willingly go with you?"
Rhodey took Tony's flesh hand and squeezed it. "Don't talk like that."
"Like I would listen to you, Stark," Michelle grumbled under her breath as she snuck out the main entrance of the workshop.
"I thought you'd never ask," Natasha cracked her knuckles and got to work. Steve went back to pacing the office.
"Last time I did that, things didn't go so well," he pulled down one of his sleeves to show them the scar on his arm.
"We're about to find out," Iron Man climbed higher into the sky before blasting off as fast as he could without endangering his passenger.
Tony chuckled. He moved over to the window and parted the curtains. The doe was gone.
Bucky cut Rhodey off by speaking to Tony. "Tones, you want to go home, don't you?" The cyborg nodded. "See, he want's to go home. And he has every right to."
"So the rumors are true. Stark does have a son," Osborn leaned forward, folding his hands neatly on his desk. "Are you around him often?"
"I think this is a dead end," Natasha sighed. She shuffled along the sidewalk, kicking a can along in front of her. Steve glanced at the object. She had been kicking it along for the last few blocks and he was at a loss for why she didn't just pick it up and throw it away.
"Nope. I really have to get going," Spider-man shot a web at the ceiling and yanked himself off the couch. He did a flip mid-air and landed in a crouch on the other side of the room. Steve opened his mouth to say something, but the Masked Avenger was already running out the door.
"Shouldn't we have gotten scattered, too, though?" Bruce frowned.
"Then don't." Tony continued smiling, "you can fight this."
An alarm suddenly blared throughout the compound. Loud and angry like a tornado siren.
Steve came back a few hours later to check on Peter. He sighed in relief when he saw the teen fast asleep.
"Hey, don't question good things," Tony clapped Steve on the back before walking over to Spider-man. "He helped us out back there, remember? Good to have you back, Pete-"
Tony Stark. Not Iron Man. Not some bot with a copy of your brain. We need you." Steve decided to take a chance and put his hand on Tony's cheek. Surprisingly, Tony didn't pull away. "You mean so much to all of us. If you died...if you died, then..." Steve shook his head. "That would be the worst thing to ever happen to this team. And I...I don't want to live in a world that you don't exist in, Tony. Please, don't do this."
"I don't think anyone's been home for a long time," Steve said. Bruce turned the knob, a bit surprised by just how easy the door swung open. Bruce slowly crept inside, the aged wood creaking under his shoes. The rest of the team soon followed, leaving Tony on the porch. The engineer looked around at the cabins. Wondering once again, where were they? They had been flying over Colorado when the lightning storm hit. So they had to be somewhere in the Rockies. But the ground seemed much too flat for that. He remembered seeing a mountain range when they were up on that cliff. But the trees blocked his view of it now.
Michelle stepped in front of him, "my turn to protect you"
"Is the Quinjet still operational?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Am I needed back at the compound?" Peter frowned. A horrible feeling of dread bubbled up deep inside him.
Tony groaned, "shit, I forgot about that. That was a nightmare. I'll make this right. I promise." Steve nodded, knowing that Tony would do everything in his power to stand by that promise.
"Holograms aren't that advanced," Iron Man hissed.
Nobody moved. Steve sighed, "alright. Everyone suit up. Looks like we're going to Queens."
"Steve, please, you're all I have, don't leave me!" Tony begged, hands making a grab for Steve shirt only for the super soldier to slap them. "I'm sorry! I'll do anything, please-"
"Where is he, Osborn?" Iron Man snarled. The two men stood alone in the cemetery. The Parkers' final resting places between them. Dried blood was splattered across Richard's headstone. Tony was doing his best to ignore it. "Give him back."
"Nope, it's definitely Anthony," Bucky grinned. "He has a thing for explosions..."
"Yeah, in a metal suit. You need fresh air."
Bucky looked over the food Pepper had brought. He picked up a potato and tossed it between his hands, debating on whether or not he should chuck it at Steve's head. Maybe it would knock some sense into the super soldier. In the end, Bucky cooked up a meal that was very reminiscent of something he and Steve would've eaten back in their army days. The meal was by no means pleasant, but the familiar smell alone was enough to grab Steve's attention. Rhodey took Iron Man downstairs once Steve vanished into the kitchen.
"That scrawny kid is nothing like the man I fought a few weeks ago. The person I fought wasn't afraid to die. He gave his all in that battle. This kid? He's scared of his own shadow." Otto practically spat the last word.
"No. Wait until after my mission is complete," Tony called his armor. The cold metal encased itself around his body. He shivered. "Jarvis, make sure no one can track me."
"What'd he want?"
"What footage?" Harry asked. The two Avengers looked back to see all the screens had gone to static.
Bruce rolled his eyes. There was no reason for Tony to be working on his arm in the middle of the living room right before movie night. They had all watched him disconnect the appendage, drop it on the coffee table and walk away. Which had freaked them out. Especially Steve. Tony returned a few minutes later, with a toolbox in his remaining hand.
"I think Wanda's making him stay put," Natasha reported.
"Yes, sir?"
"Good. I..." Bruce took a deep breath and let out a long sigh. "I hope one day it will be safe enough for Tony to tell us the whole truth."
"Killian runs a company called AIM. They're located not far from here," Bruce said. "Are we suiting up?"
"We're flying right into a trap."
Tony pointed a repulsor at his head, "You have five seconds to tell me where."
"NO!" Tony panicked, shoving the director back. Out of the corner of his eye he saw both Steve and Bucky jump to their feet. He spun around, pushing the agents away. "DON'T TOUCH ME." Iron Man backed into the wall, repulsors raised.
Steve noticed the newly occupied room when he had been making his way to his own last night. The owner of the room wasn't home and had left the door open. They still didn't appear to be home in the morning so Steve took the opportunity to peek inside. The room was full of retro technology, as well as some very advanced pieces of tech. Some of them glowing and moving around the room on their own. They weren't as sleek as the things Tony made, but they were more advanced than anything Steve could ever come up with, that was for sure. Star Wars posters covered the walls, and the bed was unmade. A backpack lay on the floor, its contents dumped onto the bed. Overall, the room was a disaster, and the window had been left wide open. Steve frowned, having a feeling that he wasn't going to get along with such a disorganized person.
After a few more minutes of walking in silence, the team stumbled across the river Natasha had heard earlier. The water was crystal clear, with not even so much as a fish swimming through its slow current. Thor set Clint on the bank, allowing the archer to soak his swollen ankle in the cool water.
"They would call if it was," Steve shrugged.
"He's an arachnid, not an insect," Peter said. "You might want to back off before he-oops." Henry had launched himself at Clint before Peter could finish his warning. Clint screamed and tumbled off the couch. Henry crawled all over the archer's face, hissing along the way.
"Did you touch your son." The agent repeated, "sexually-"
"Like I said, you probably shouldn't be pranking your boyfriend-"
"Give him room!" Natasha shoved him back. "All of you, back off!" She swatted at the Avengers who had crowded around their leader. Steve did a quick headcount. Everyone was present. Except for Iron Man.
"Where are you taking me?"
That left two pets unaccounted for. Natasha's lizard, and Peter's spider. To be honest, no one was really sure if Natasha even had a Lizard. She kept it in a massive cage filled with plants and never took the lizard out of her room. For all Tony knew, she could be keeping a giant snake in there. Friday had assured him that the Lizard was only about six inches long. Tony was not convinced. Why keep a tiny lizard in such a big cage? Why did she even have a lizard in the first place? He supposed it was better than Natasha having a pet black widow, so he kept his mouth shut.
"Or maybe he doesn't like people poking their noses where they shouldn't." Sam pointed out.
"Can this wait, Doctor Banner? Young Peter's life may be at stake," Vision remained floating at the exit, motioning behind him with one hand.
"Sorry," Peter whispered.
Iron Man made a shooing motion with his hand.
"What the fuck is that?!" Clint pointed downriver.
"You could've done that by staying my friend and mentor," Peter said.
"Taking down the Avengers," Bruce reminded.
"Tony was right. Shoulda worn the Iron Spider..." Peter wiped the mud out of his lenses with the back of his hand. The rain pelted his already drenched body, causing him to shiver. The mask was glued to his face, making it a bit difficult to breathe. Two tentacles shot straight for his head. Spidey dropped down and slid between the man's legs. He jumped back up, spun around and kicked the man in the back of the head.
"Can't you see this punk is lying through his teeth?!" Bucky clenched his fists.
"Have you ever loved someone, Captain?"
"WOHOOOO!!!!" Spider-man cried out in glee, letting himself free fall from a skyscraper. He caught himself on a web line at the last minute and flung himself back into the sky. He did a flip and continued the process of free falling and web slinging. It was a Saturday morning and not much was happening in Queens. Which Spidey was perfectly okay with. It'd been awhile since he'd been able to just web sling. He did another flip and landed gracefully on the sidewalk in front of Harry Osborn.
Captain America and Iron Man had stepped down from their joint leadership of the Avengers a few months ago. Which set off a chain reaction of people leaving the team, and new heroes joining their ranks. All of that had happened in the span of a weeks. That week was the hardest of Peter's recent years. Everyone had been uncertain about the future of the team. As well as the future of their family of choice. The team changed dramatically, and thankfully, that didn't affect their family. They all lived in different parts of the country now, but they were still as close as ever.
"Please do," Rhodey murmured.
Steve held the robot close to his chest, tucking the cold metal head under his chin. "Shhh...Help is on the way." Iron Man was completely still in his arms, but he continued to repeat the same word over and over. Steve didn't know how to comfort the bot. His first instinct was to rub his back, but he knew the robot wouldn't be able to feel it. Instead, Steve continued cradling the broken robot in his arms. He shifted the hand holding Iron Man's head so that it was now covering the bots eyes, as if to shield him from the world. "I need you to power down. It'll stop hurting if you power down." Something warm was seeping through Steve's sleeve. Something warm and wet. He ignored it.
"Of course. He comes to Wanda and me for advice all the time. This isn't his first relationship, ya know. But he really does want this one to work out."
The person behind the camera had cornered Natasha in a convenience store. There didn't appear to be anyone around them.
"Don't kill him too soon. Make him suffer. And make him know you did it." Wanda's voice spoke in the back of Peter's head. "I want to hear him
"I can see that. What I can't see is why you purposefully let the spider loose and allowed it to bite someone."
"Please don't touch that," Iron Man sighed.
Peter's lenses widened. "Why?"
Peter retreated to one of the couches after dinner, pulling up the video Harry had sent him on his phone. He stuffed his earbuds in and tucked his legs under him. Then he pressed play.
"Stay down," Vision advised.
"Let's all just take a breathing, alright?" Sam held up his hands. The two men on the floor spat one last insult at one another before gathering up the machinery. Bucky set everything on the coffee table. Tony eyes his teammates, not sure if he should stay or not. Sam rolled his eyes, "sit down. We're cool, I guess."
"Our 'boss' has their heart set on this mission. I agree with you, but we aren't exactly in charge here," Octavius pointed out. "Where is that bastard anyway? He should be here to discuss this with all of us. We can't take down the Avengers without proper communication."
One month. Peter had been living with Wanda and Bruce for a solid month. Doc Ock hadn't stopped by recently, although Adrian was often popping by their apartment to check on Peter and bring him gifts. Such as the clothes he was wearing now. And the gun strapped to his hip. He didn't want the gun anywhere near his person, but Adrian had insisted he keep it on him at all times. "Just in case Stark and his merry men show up," he had said.
"I haven't seen you in awhile. I wanted to hang out." Peter could picture the pout on his friend's face. "Are you free this weekend?"
"He thought I was serious about the pregnancy thing, so don't be surprised if he calls back," MJ smirked. "Hey, do you think our kids would have eight legs?"
"Nothing happened to him. And nothing will happen. He's more than capable of taking care of himself. Besides, I made him a suit, just in case."
"I'm not." War Machine's faceplate flipped up, revealing a very human looking man. "One hundred percent human. This is just a suit of armor Iron Man made for me."
Tony wasn't surprised to see the mess Spider-man and Captain America had made of the front lawn. The perfect sheet of white that had fallen last night had been beaten to high hell. Half built forts dotted the lawn. Tony trudged over to a snowman.
"Keep your panties on, Capsickle. I was just joking." Tony held up his hands. No one was sure if he was telling the truth or not. The Avengers had gathered in the lounge to celebrate their latest victory, and all the adults were enjoying a drink.
Bucky stopped in his tracks.
Tony gave him a sad look. "I understand. I'll start looking into it later. For now, you need to sleep."
"Did you know what it was?" Tony asked, "when you hid it in that Iron Man helmet, did you know?"
"I thought the team captain was the one who was supposed to be calling the shots?" Steve joked, despite agreeing with Bucky's plan of action.
"For now." Michelle let go of his hand and sat back.
"He obviously thinks otherwise. He also thinks I'm on the phone with Bucky. Not you," Rhodey informed him. "Bucky's the only person he wants to talk to right now." A door creaked open in the background. "Stop giving me that look, Tony! Fine, here." The microphone crackled.
Tony kept a lot of secrets these days.
Iron Man threw the faceplate aside. He ripped open the chest piece with his bare hands. The earlier model of armor didn't stand a chance against the Mark 46. Especially when it was powered down. There was nothing inside the bot. It wasn't even a bot. It was just a suit of armor. Iron Man leaned forward on his hands, with his head bowed. "I don't understand..."
"I'm here because your presence was requested on the Helicarrier four hours ago and I just found out that this facility came under attack five hours ago. Somebody want to explain that to me?" Fury snapped.
Doc Ock. And at his side was none other than the Vulture himself.
"In a way."
"Stark men are made of iron," Tony said softly.
"Huh," Deadpool leaned against the railing, facing the building it was attached to. "Who did you vote for?"
"Or because you didn't want us knowing you were going around killing people," Maria hissed.
The next time Tony awoke, his eye had been put back. He should be happy but he wasn't. Tony felt...violated. His eye was just as important to him as his arc reactor. Sure, he could live without the eye, but that wasn't the point. His eye appeared to be working normally. It felt gross, though. People had
"Can't you control it, though?!"
"Don't!!" Peter slapped his hand away. "Don't touch me..."
"People. Pigeons. Dogs. People. Mostly people." Peter shrugged. He switched the camera on, "you can look at them."
Sam slipped back out of the room, closing the door softly behind him.
"Like he hasn't heard worse," Tony huffed.
"They think Iron Man should be kicked off the Avengers. But Steve has the last say in who stays and who goes, and as mad as Steve is, he doesn't want Tony gone."
"He doesn't need to know anything," Tony's eye flashed, the little shapes spinning around erratically. "I don't know what you think you see in Steve, but I can assure you that he doesn't give two shits about me."
Tony kept his gaze downcast. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen."
Tony's phone pinged with an alert from FRIDAY. Someone was on the Quinjet. "It's him," Tony said as he darted out the door, his team not far behind. Sure enough, they found Spider-man sitting in the pilot's chair, flicking switches and pushing buttons. The jet roared to life.
"Tony Stark used to be our friend. He was like a father to you, Peter. But then something happened, something inside him broke...he went mad..." Wanda looked away, her voice quivering. "He...he experimented on you...cut you up, sewed your mouth shut..." She hid her face in her free hand, "he did something to your head. Bruce and I tried to save you but we were too late..." She sobbed.
"Stop yelling," Tony allowed his eyes to open a fraction. He was lying in the sand, the helmet discarded a few feet away. Pepper was leaning over him, both hands on his arc reactor.
Henry chirped happily and danced in a circle.
"I won't!" Spider-man screamed.
Tony groaned. "I'm fine, really!" Pepper shook her head, not believing him for a second. He appreciated what Pepper and Rhodey were doing for him, he really did. But he had been confined to Pepper's house for the past week and was starting to lose his mind. Modern art did that to a person.
"You're a lying sack of shit." Clint pointed an accusing finger at his friend.
"You seriously think you can bring a living thing into this building without me knowing about it?" Tony said, raising an eyebrow.
"Yeah, we won, we won," Steve dropped his forehead against Tony's. He tangled his fingers in Tony's dark hair, finally allowing himself a sigh of relief. He was okay. Everything was okay. Steve could feel the presence of his teammates crowding around him. Two different people put their hands on his shoulders.
"Why do you want to know that?" Peter frowned, not liking where this conversation was going.
"I won't," Tony whispered, planting a kiss atop Peter's head.
"No. I told Flash. He's the one who spread it." Michelle twirled a pencil in her hands.
It wasn't hard for Tony and Steve to break into Oscorp. They went through the sewers and up through the underground parking garage. Steve knocked out the guards in the first security room they came too. Tony lifted his faceplate and frowned at the many screens that plastered the wall. "FRIDAY, when did Peter leave for patrol last night?"
"The gas mask distorted my voice. Which, in my defense, I didn't know that it would until I started talking. So I decided to have a bit of fun with it."
"Where are you? I'm on my way," Iron Man was already airborne.
"Morning already?" Tony grumbled.
"I will. I'll let you know if the situation changes." With that, Tony ended the call.
The super soldier slipped the bolt into one of the pouches on his belt and went to collect Bucky and Rhodey.
Steve jolted awake. Bucky's face was inches from his own, the man's long hair brushing against Steve's forehead. "Buck...?" Something was obscuring the vision in his left eye. He wiped at it and discovered it was blood.
"Jerk," Tony choked out. He reached out to Steve, seeking his comfort on instinct.
Steve held his gaze, "I'm sorry to hear that, Doctor Banner. Maybe if you listen to this recording you'll reconsider-"
"Hopefully, you won't have to find out," Tony sighed. "Clint, Thor, stay with Peter. Everyone else, suit up. We have work to do."
"Where are you, bug?" Wanda floated through the wrecked classroom. Spider-man jumped onto a desk, taking a defensive crouch. "You're the only one available to fight me. I'm guessing you wanted it to be that way. Do you plan on killing me?"
Steve didn't know what to say to that.
Peter shook his head violently. His whole body trembled from the effects of the tasers. Tony tightened his grip on his son as a way to steady him.
Steve nodded, "for now, yes. But-"
"Care to elaborate?"
"You are in my home."
"Is he alright?" Natasha spoke up. There was slight static from the microphone being passed to her.
"And I can't risk Peter's life! That bastard could be holding a gun to my boy's head!" Tony slammed his fist on the table. "We give him the Venom. But just long enough to get Peter out of there. We all could easily take Osborn down."
"We don't know for sure if that was him." Bucky cut in. "If we let SHIELD get to Iron Man, they'll kill him on the spot. They'd never give a robot a fair trial. Especially not after him making a run for it."
"Please," Steve jiggled the handle. "What's wrong? You can talk to me, buddy." There was a long pause, although the door did eventually slid open. The workshop was a bit of a mess, which wasn't too surprising. What was surprising was Iron Man sitting against the far wall with one of his arms lying in pieces around him. Iron Man looked up at Steve. Then hung his head in shame. Steve gripped the doorframe so hard his knuckles turned white. "Did you hurt yourself again?"
"You have a vivid imagination, Peter," Bruce's facial expression softened. "Clint is nothing but an asshole, just like all the others. All those idiots have superiority complexes, thinking they know what's best for us, for the world..." Bruce started walking again, "they don't. They know nothing. All they do is make everything worse. And hurt the people they claim to love," Bruce looked down at Peter, his eyes full of sadness.
"We did not-" Tony started.
"Why come to us if you don't trust us?" Natasha pried his fingers away from the gun and set it aside.
Thor was in the tower. For the first time in since Steve and Tony's wedding, Thor was back on earth and in the tower. The Vision was the first to find him, having been alerted of another life form in the tower. He allowed Thor to hug him, although he did not quite understand why the God would want to do so.
"There are none! Everyone's on Peter's side! Except for Sam!"
"I don't know..." Wanda crouched down by Peter's head and reached out to touch his forehead.
A few days later Spider-man strode into the conference room, head held high and shoulders squared.
I was unhappy with the direction this story was going.(this was meant to lead into an Age of Ultron story, but somehow wound up as a Civil War story) So I decided to rewrite part of it, starting with this chapter.
"Terminate?" Steve choked out. The look in his eyes made Tony feel like someone had stabbed him right through the heart. He wished someone actually had.
"Nothing wrong with you, punk," Bucky punched his shoulder playfully.
The second newscaster responded. "
Iron Man looked around the room at the Avengers. Bruce's face was full of remorse, borderline grief, his eyes pleading with Tony to forgive him. Thor stood next to the scientist, gripping his shoulder to reassure him. Tony couldn't read Thor's facial expression. The god wasn't happy. That much was clear. "Forgive us, Man of Iron. We have done you wrong." Thor's voice was soft. Tony averted his gaze. "This petty disagreement has led to great suffering for you. For that, we all offer our sincere apologies."
"No, you were yelling about how much of a tragedy I am!" Tony slammed a fist on the table, which resulted in his coffee falling over.
"Home," Tony breathed out. "The Avengers facility isn't much of a home. All I have is the garage."
Pepper, sweet Pepper, had made sure Tony had an actual bed at the compound. The workshop had already been under construction when Tony had last been there, but now there was an actual bedroom attached to it, hidden behind a secret door. The bedroom was complete with a bathroom and kitchen area. It was small, but exactly what he needed. The construction workers had been paid extra to not ask any questions.
"I am...unsure." Thor shrugged.
"Of course," Steve slipped under the covers. He settled in against Tony's side and took his hand, "it was just a bad dream, Tony. Peter's alright."
"What about 'Anthony'?" Iron Man suggested. Rhodes almost choked on his drink. Bucky smiled, thinking that this was it. Tony was going to unmask himself right here and now.
"Mr. Stark wanted to meet with me, something about my suit needing fixed?" Spider-man said. Happy had been blowing up his phone for the past few days, demanding that he come back to the compound. Spidey decided he should actually show up before Happy reached through the phone and strangled him.
"This isn't his fault," Steve said. Tony looked up at his teammate, a little surprised the Steve would take his side. He averted his gaze when Steve took off the top part of his uniform, wringing the excess water from the fabric.
"I need to get back to Queens. What if they attacked tonight?" Peter's voice was barely audible.
"I'm sorry, Cap." Bruce gave Steve a look mixed with grief and exhaustion. "I just can't trust Tony after what he did. If he doesn't want to be a part of this team, then that's fine with me. You guys can go after him if you want, but I won't be a part of this rescue mission."
"What place? What happened?"
Peter scooped up a small pile of snow into his hands, letting the tiny crystals fall between his fingers.
"Temporarily. Just long enough to destroy everything you've built. Just like you did to me."
"That's what you are!"
"Get down!" Iron Man called, raising his arms in an X. The back of his wrists slid open, revealing the lasers within. Steve dropped to his knees, shield held above his head. The cyborg spun in a circle, mowing down their attackers with the red lasers. He lowered his arms and Steve took that as his cue to stand up.
I don't have access to the original draft of this story, sadly. Which really just means that there is a lot more work that needs to be done on my end. I'm currently rereading previous chapters to refresh my memory and have started the outline process of the next two chapters.
you can fly?!" Clint jumped to his feet.
"You tell me," Tony took a blanket off one of the couches and used it to collect all the pieces of his arm. He slung the bundle over his shoulder. "I'll come back for the toolbox."
"We'll find him."
"No. Cap, Widow, Scarlet and I will also be on the mission. You'll just be the one leading us." Tony clarified.
Iron Man's grip on his shoulders relaxed, his hands sliding down to hold Steve's. Steve let his forehead rest against Iron Man's.
"Says the man who comes to my workshop just to cuddle on the couch," Iron Man tilted his head up in the way that Steve associated with eye rolling.
White light filled the room. Iron Man bolted upright. Another clap of thunder had him scrambling back against the headboard.
"Good, because we have our hands full as it is," Steve glanced over at Peter. Thor followed his gaze and looped an arm around the youngest Avenger. "You have grown into a fine young man, Peter Parker! I remember you being much shorter! And you finally have some muscles on those bones!"
"Tony!" Steve called from the communicator in the Iron Man suit. "Did you find him?"
Steve nearly choked, "h-he what? Was that when..."
Let me know if you enjoyed, your comments keep me writing!
"Jarvis, call Pepper! Scratch that, call Rhodey!" Tony yelled.
"I doubt it," Bruce assured him.
Tony suddenly burst out laughing. His prosthetic arm had indeed been blown off during the battle, but he wasn't going to bother fixing it until after he got some rest.
"I'm not carrying the world. Just Queens." Peter looked away.
"Listen, Cap, it's really important that I find-"
That night, dinner was interrupted by a loud clap of thunder. Which was odd, considering they hadn't had a single drop of rain all day. Everyone exchanged looks before hurrying over to the closest window. And low and behold, there stood everyone's favorite god of thunder.
That was until Thor showed up and flung himself at the group, knocking everyone over. Steve's laughter was music to Tony's ears.
"I already got them out. And before you ask, there wasn't anyone else in the building," Iron Man assured him. "Oh, wait..." Steve looked up at him worriedly. "My bots..." Iron Man's voice was quiet. Broken. Steve's heart ached for him.
"Where am I? Why have you brought me here?" Peter screwed his eyes shut. There was too much light in the room. Way too much.
"Workshop. As always," Sam reported. "I tried to stop by earlier, but he had the place on lockdown."
Sneaky, sneaky, Peter.
"He was helping pass out water, last I saw him." Steve shrugged. No words had been shared between the Avengers and the web slinger. He did his job, just like the rest of them. No one questioned it aloud.
Tony got his answer moments later when Spider-man kicked him in the back of the head. What happened next was all a blur. Suddenly Spider-man had flipped in front of him and...
Spider-man looked at him but didn't say anything.
"Just you and me, old friend," Bruce said.
There was a long silence.
"Don't." Spider-man hissed.
"They did. Someone must have been saving this puppy for a rainy day," Iron Man's voice was grim.
"Tony...there was nothing you could have done."
"Where are we going?" Peter looked up at the Captain. Steve hadn't said a single word to him since they left the kitchen. They had left the main part of the building and were heading towards the hanger that houses the Quinjet and other planes.
"Maybe." Peter shrugged. "You on the other hand. I can never forgive." He then put everything he had into a single punch, aiming it directly at Bruce's head. There was sickening crack as Bruce's teeth shattered and his jaw was ripped from his skull, the body part flying through the air. Blood splattered on Peter's face. Bruce stumbled backward, his tongue hanging from what was left of his mouth. Crimson splattered on the ground as he continued to walk backward, hands going up to try and stop the bleeding.
"Dreams lie all the time, kid," Bruce was looking at him through narrowed eyes.
"I'm not a doctor, but I don't think you should be out patrolling after everything that just went down." Tony leaned against the railing, taking off his helmet.
"Not easily," Tony muttered. "Venom is probably still angry that I separated it from Richard. It's not going to back down from Richard's son without a fight." The engineer took a deep breath, "Peter is going to hate me after this."
"Even love," Iron Man nodded once.
Steve took a deep breath and willed himself to move closer to the skeleton. The corpse possessed a shield. It wasn't round like his own, but it would do the trick. Steve dusted the cobwebs from it and slipped it onto his forearm.
"No. You don't deserve his love," Tony said out loud. There was no one around to hear him. He was soaring through the sky, miles above the clouds. Not another soul in sight. "You don't have a heart." He went on. "Fight and protect. That's your only mission in life. Fight and protect. Growing old with a hot super soldier isn't part of that mission."
"A...deer?" Bruce gulped, getting an uneasy feeling when he made eye contact with the buck.
"I'm two miles away," Happy's voice sounded grim. "Driving as fast as I can."
"I think it worked fairly well. I still think you made me look too much like myself."
Peter tilted his head, "I'm really confused about this one," he put the textbook on the table and pointed at the problem in question. Tony leaned forward, peering around Peter at the Avenger on the other side of him. Steve showed no signs of being able to see their guest.
Spider-man and Wanda were heading for the landing pad, where a quinjet awaited them. The ramp lowered, revealing everyone's current least favorite scientist. Bruce motioned for them to hurry up.
"Yeah, that seems to be a common problem with me. Always in the wrong, eh?" Tony turned his cold gaze to his ex. "Shouldn't be out in the field. Shouldn't be trying to help. Trying to fix things with my teammates. I should
"Where's everyone else? I didn't...hurt them...did I?"
Tony figured out fairly quickly that FRIDAY had been disabled, so he couldn't just ask the AI where his son had gone. Something was very, very wrong. At this point, the entire team had noticed the situation and gone off in different directions to look for Peter. Michelle took the gun from her bag and tucked it into the waistband of her jeans.
"If it's that easy why didn't we just do that when I turned 18?"
Rhodey nodded, "and who was this person who was helping you out from the inside? Or was that a lie, too?"
"Then I saw you swinging around Queens again last year, actin' like nothing happened. I was really glad you were alright. Queens needs you."
"Stark lost his right to be on this team when he took off the mask," Bruce said. "No, my mistake. He never had a right to be on this team. We can't trust someone like him."
"You're alive," Iron Man stated.
Tony waved his hands, "no, no, let's start over. I adopted a teenager four years ago. He's not my real kid-"
Happy laughed, "you have the worst luck, I swear. Shat on by a bird, got your hot dog stolen, and shot all in one day. Jeez. Huh? No, Tony, he did not actually get shot...yes, Tony, he's fine. No, you can't talk to him, we're having a conversation about shit. Very, very, serious shit."
"I got this, I think they need your help with the Hulk!" Peter called, launching himself into the air on a web line.
"I know teenage rebellion is a thing, but this is getting out of hand, Spidey!" Tony got to his feet and took a defensive stance. At this point, the entire room was engulfed in fire. The flames were no doubt spreading to the rest of the building. Spidey backed into the smoke. "FRIDAY, where is he?!"
Spider-man smirked behind his mask and closed the ramp.
"Why not?! Tony, this has gone on long enough. You deserve to live a normal life." Pepper pleaded. "The team cares about you. Their feelings won't change if they were to know the truth. If anything they would just care about you more."
"Thor, you barely know him. Yes, he's a good fighter, but he's reckless and cares about other people way too much for his own good. Now is definitely not the time for him to be off on his own."
"What room?" Tony dipped a brush in a bucket of red paint.
"Stop looking at those." Steve ripped Tony's phone out of his hands. Every half hour, Osborn sent a new photo of Peter. Each time he had a new injury. Below each photo was a reminder of how much time remained. Tony was visibly crumbling more and more with each new text. The phone pinged with a new one. Steve willed himself not to look but did anyway. It wasn't a photo this time, it was a video.
Tony was stroking his hair comfortingly. Without looking up he whispered, "I promised him that nothing bad would ever happen to him. That I'd protect him." Tony took in a shaky breath. "Look at him, Steve. Someone went and stitched up my boy's mouth and I wasn't there to stop it."
"Wanda killed someone. I don't trust you guys, but I trust her even less," Spider-man answered.
"You did."
"He's being paranoid," Tony scoffed. He tapped his metal fingers against his mug, creating tiny tinking noises. "Probably thinks I'm going to go missing again if he doesn't keep an eye on me. I told him to back off yesterday, and he was pretty reluctant to do so..."
"Sam made cookies," Peter grinned.
"Fantastic." Ditching his backpack on a roof, Peter changed direction and soon arrived at a gas station that was being robbed. The assailant wore a cheap Iron Man mask. "Really? A part city mask? Again? You criminals have no creativity." The crook growled and pulled out a gun, only for Spidey to yank it out of his hand with a web. Another person came out of nowhere and tried to punch him upside the head. "Too slow, buddy!" Spider-man dodged punch after punch.
"Hey, he needs to get used to the taste alcohol before then, because his twenty-first birthday is gonna be wild," Tony declared.
"Don't move around too much, you got a nasty head wound." The winter soldier sat back on his haunches. "And we're in a decommissioned Helicarrier by the looks of it."
"I'd like to see you try, shortstop!"
"Then why lie?" Steve said. "I told you I loved you. And I meant it one hundred percent. I said, on multiple occasions, that I didn't care about what you were. Robot or human. It didn't matter to me because I loved you for you. You could have told me at any time. I would've still been mad. But you could've told me."
"Maybe I should put you back under..." The person looked over at the now empty IV bag connected to Peter. "Just so you know, you've been unconscious for nearly three days. I would've been here sooner if Stark hadn't insisted on searching for you for days on end."
"Stay out of this, Vulture!" Tony's voice was still strong, but on the inside, he was losing his cool. "I didn't do that to you, Spidey. And you know it."
A glob of snow hit the back of Tony's head. He whirled around just in time to see Peter run around the corner. Tony quickly made a small stack of snowballs and ran around in the opposite direction. "Gotcha!!" He skidded to a halt behind the building. He was not expecting to see Natasha and Clint standing on either side of Peter. "Clint, you traitor!"
Pepper took a deep breath. "At least tell Steve your feelings for him. Everyone can see that he loves you."
Peter took off his mask and tossed it aside. "FRIDAY, turn on the coffee maker. This is going to be a long night."
"Organic webbing," the Avenger repeated themselves. "It took a bit of prodding to alter your spider genetics. And also a bit of cutting up the muscles in your arm to make room. Your new organs are still developing. Still, you should be back to web slinging in no time."
"No one's dying today," Spider-man snarled.
"You were human," Steve went on, "in my dream. You were human. We were on a date. But there was a bomb, and you..." He let out a choked sob. "Anthony, there was so much blood. And you wouldn't wake up."
"I'm trying!" Steve sat on top of Peter, holding his arms down against the mattress so that he wouldn't hurt himself. The wall crawler thrashed around violently. "He's strong!"
"I didn't know you two were so close," Steve smiled softly.
"Tony-"
Peter's hands shook. Everyone knew he had too big a heart to pull the trigger. Natasha slowly approached him. Peter jerked the gun in her direction, eyepieces going wide. "Guns really aren't your thing, little spider." She put her hand over his and forced him to lower the gun. "Why don't you tell us why you're here?"
As soon as the light turned green Tony slammed on the gas and made a sharp turn, cutting off the motorcycles. Bike tires shrieked as the three sped off in opposite directions.
"Maybe you should power down until the storm is over?" Steve suggested.
Clint shrugged and readied another arrow. "You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us."
"If I don't go now, then my friends-my
." A new voice called from across the bar.
Venom stumbled back, no longer in control of most of Peter's body.
"I meant that in a good way. He's smart, strong, and has more attitude than you and Clint combined. Peter's going to be just fine."
"Why aren't you behind bars with us?" Natasha narrowed her eyes, part of her was worried that Peter was back under Wanda's spell. But he wasn't acting like it. "You were arrested too."
"I...he...I don't know...I...didn't get a good look at his face," Peter's voice got quieter with every word. He looked around the room, eyeing each and every avenger like a deer caught in headlights.
you," Spider-man snarled. Wanda pulled her hand back.
"Shell shock?"
Exactly one minute later, Iron Man crashed through the window of his former Malibu mansion. The place was an absolute wreck. Glass shards littered the floor. Holes dotted the walls. Scorch marks covered every surface. The couch was even on fire.
Thank you for reading!
"Keep telling yourself that. I'll see you at dinner, honey." Steve hung up before Tony could object.
"This," Steve handed him a single piece of paper.
"I suppose? It's more just to conserve energy," Iron Man shrugged. "Everything goes dark when I power down. I don't dream."
Steve furrowed his brow, that was a lot to take in and he was upset that someone had hurt his friend in such a way. "I'm sorry."
"Fucking watch me," Tony waved his arm, calling his suit to him.
Natasha hissed.
Bruce leaned over to Tony and whispered, "is Peter ok-"
The first step of saving humanity; eliminate the atrocity that was the Avengers. Iron Man was more than capable of killing each and every one of them. But Ultron was going to have to be smart about it. He couldn't go all in guns blazing. He would be outmatched and he knew it. So picking them off one at a time would have to do. He had already succeeded in parading around the compound in the armor, speaking to each of the Avengers. And they had no idea that their precious Cyborg wasn't in the armor. Getting them alone and quietly killing them would be no trouble at all.
Steve pressed himself against the energy field, "Tony! Are you alright?"
Tony didn't bat an eye when Peter hurried into the lab. The younger man was wearing his spider-man costume, sans the mask. It was only when he heard the wallcrawler rummaging through a pile of scrap metal that Tony finally set down the repulsor he was working on and looked over at him. "Lose something?"
There was another unusual thing about the Iron Avenger. He experienced emotions. Real emotions. The emotions seemed to be limited to joy, anger, and fear, but they were emotions none the less.
"The symbiote belongs to us now," Bruce said.
Fury stopped in front of the last cell. The prisoner within still wore his red and blues. He was curled up on the cot, his back to his visitors. At first, Tony thought he was dead. But then Peter shuddered, and relief flooded through the Avenger.
"So do we."
"We won't be able to convince him of anything as long as he's under Wanda's spell," Natasha countered. "What about you, Vision? Any bright ideas?"
"Then don't." Michelle followed him, never more than two feet away.
"You won't be seeing Peter for a very long time. If ever again."
Tony glared at her. She was the only Avenger who knew the true purpose of the reactor, thanks to her time pretending to work for him. "If I can find the right tools I should be able to fix this," he tapped the reactor. "We'll worry about it later, though. Right now we need to rescue the princess."
Thank you for reading! :)
"I got it," Michelle set her sketchbook aside and moved across the room. She returned a moment later with Harry at her side. Peter jumped to his feet. His friend looked so...broken. Peter opened his mouth, but couldn't find the right words to say.
"Steve. I'm a ticking time bomb. Literally," Iron Man tapped his arc reactor. "A fucking lose canon. You saw what I did to my workshop earlier this year."
"Because you blow everything out of proportion!"
Steve was the one who noticed how emotionally exhausted Peter had become, so he decided to sneak him out of the compound. "He needs time to be a kid, Tony." He said.
Bucky looked Tony over, taking in every detail of the man before him. "Fine." Bucky knew there was no point in arguing with Iron Man. If he kept pushing Tony, he could lash out for real.
"Why keep this a secret from us?" Steve asked, the hurt clear in his voice. It had been a bumpy road since their fight in Siberia, but Steve and Tony finally considered one another friends again.
"Yeah, yeah, just a nightmare," Steve whispered.
"You're an awful awful human being." Stark groaned. He flopped down in a seat, holding his head in one hand. He felt like he had aged twenty years in the past twenty-four hours alone.
"If you can feel pain, then I see no reason why you wouldn't be able to get depressed." Steve frowned. "It's okay if you are. Everyone on the team is dealing with their own demons."
"Well, now you have me to help you. Do we have all the materials?"
"We don't have a choice. We're about to fight a dragon. None of us can afford to sit this one out. I'm going ahead. Find some weapons, horses, whatever you need and follow me." Tony lightly kicked the horse, galloping out of the village without another word.
"Mine," Vision raised his hand. Everyone exchanges nervous glances. Having someone without tastebuds cook for you was never a pleasant experience.
"I'm leaving," Tony said.
Spider-man crept forward, trying to get a better view of what was happening. He clenched his jaw when he saw who was standing in the middle of the circle.
"Makes sense," Bruce nodded, "so what name were you thinking of?"
"This sounds like Avengers business," Steve said. "If human experimentation is going on, then we need to shut it down. Bruce found out about this last night?"
"Fun fact, the kid's part spider," Steve spoke up, a smug smile on his face.
"No."
"Why isn't it working?!" Steve said. "Shouldn't he be unconscious?"
"Fine by me," Rhodey muttered.
The light vanished, and Peter fell to the ground in a heap. He clawed at his chest as he gulped down oxygen. Scarlet Witch had also collapsed. Blood spilling from the hole in the back of her skull, pooling around her head in a dark crimson that looked so much like her own magic.
The next morning Steve awoke to the feeling of cold metal pressed against his face. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, a little surprised to see that Iron Man was still sitting with him. The robot must have powered down at some point. His eyes had switched off, and his chin was resting against his chest.
Steve walked along the rails, shining a flashlight in front of them. Thor's heavy footsteps echoed from somewhere behind him. Every once in awhile something would move out of the corner of his eye. Usually a small rodent, or water dripping from the ceiling. They followed the tracks down, down, down. Steve clenched his jaw. What was Iron Man doing here? He switched off the flashlight when he spotted light ahead. He could hear the sharp clang of metal grinding against metal.
Strange as well. But it is the future after all. Howard Stark must have something to do with that one.
"How do I get clearance?" Steve crumpled the paper and tossed it in the trashcan on the other side of the room.
Hawkeye scoffed, "why do aliens always attack in literally the worst time possible? Can't they wait till spring? When we're not all freezing our balls off?"
"No, it isn't!" Steve shouted. "This is literally the worst possible thing you could ever do to yourself! This is suicide, Tony! SUICIDE! I'm not going to let you take your own life. Let you make some...copy of yourself! It's wrong! Everything about it is wrong and disgusting!"
"Can we focus?" Rhodey said. Thankfully, the fighting had been pushed to a less populated part of town. So far, no civilian casualties or injuries. Steve's plan was to keep pushing them towards the warehouse district and end things there.
"Holograms?" Rhodey asked, looking up at the lights.
The symbiote's face melted away with one final scream. The black liquid covered the floor, but for once, it didn't move. Peter fell to his hands and knees, breathing heavily.
"Cyborg, actually." Iron Man slipped the prosthetic from his head, revealing the machinery that made up the right side of his face.
Michelle stood several feet away, gun still raised. Her expression was as blank as ever, yet her lower lip was trembling.
"Over here."
Ultron's conscious flitted through the computer in which it was trapped in, searching through every file that mentioned the word "Avengers". It knew who they were already. It did have Tony's memories after all. It didn't want to look at them, though. It wanted to find out the answers itself. Looking at the faces of the Avengers, the AI felt a strong kinship towards them. "The Avengers. My...family."
"Ask me again after I've had my coffee," Tony said. In truth, he wasn't sure himself. He didn't feel like Tony Stark anymore. He felt like that part of him was dead. But at the same time, he felt as though he didn't really deserve to be Iron Man. So who was he? Right now he felt like something that just sort of...existed. No purpose. No reason. He was just...there.
"Not gonna happen, octopus man." Spider-man let himself drop to the ground.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you!" Peter felt like he was going to cry.
Thankfully, no one brought up the topic of romance for the rest of the night. Steve ended up enjoying himself, despite not being able to drink with his friends. Half them were still sober anyway, so he didn't feel too left out. At some point, Bucky decided to tell everyone about Steve's time as a showgirl for the army, and Steve about died of embarrassment. Clint walked away from the conversation with more blackmail than any one man should ever possess.
Tony stayed at his side awhile longer, watching over him while he slept. Tony rubbed his eyes. Images of Peter lying dead and bloodied still fresh in his mind. The hallucinations hadn't stopped. He had just learned to live with them. The armored Avenger stopped telling Steve about them, though he suspected Steve still knew they were happening. Suddenly the teenager before him was covered in crimson. The thick liquid dripping from his mouth onto the white pillow. Tony grabbed Peter's wrist, feeling for a pulse. There was none. Tony screwed his eyes shut. This was just an illusion. It wasn't real. Peter was safe. And very much alive. Taking a deep breath, Tony forced himself to look at Peter. Sure enough, he was just fine. No blood. Peter's side rose and fell at a slow, steady pace.
"I'm not going to help you build an army," Bruce's eyes flashed green.
The first robber took another weapon out of his pocket. It was a small oddly shaped gun. That happened to have parts that glowed purple.
Stay tuned for the epilogue! (Which will be almost 8,000 words because Peter deserves all the hugs, goddamnit)
"Really think I wouldn't have a failsafe in case someone tried that again, motherfucker?" Tony muttered as he took cover behind a car. He put two fingers to the comm in his ear. "Iron Man has been compromised. I still have one gauntlet. But otherwise, you're on your own." Tony typed a command into his watch and yanked it towards his fingers. The watched folded out, forming a metal glove around his hand.
"Jesus, Tony!" Rhodey dropped his head into his hands, "this is no way to raise a child! What if something happened to him?"
"Sweet Jesus, get me out of this thing..." Tony gasped. Peter used the last of his strength to rip open the suit. He dropped to his hands and knees, breathing heavily. Tony wrapped his arms around his son, chanting "I'm sorry" over and over.
"Should we try talking to him, first?" Tony asked, flying along next to his son.
Sensory overload. Or a panic attack. Or both. Tony wasn't sure.
"You're going to burn a hole in the paper," Bucky teased.
Iron Man shot ahead and landed in the middle of the highway. The asphalt cracked under his feet. Cars blared their horns and swerved to avoid him. Headlight's reflected off his armor as they did so. He held his ground, repulsor raised. "SPIDER-MAN. STOP."
"What are you talking about? Peter is fine, he went with the Vulture of his own free will-"
"Steve, you are so oblivious to certain things that its embarrassing. Yes, we're close." Bucky rolled his eyes. "We're a lot alike," he held up his bionic arm, wiggling his fingers with another sly grin. Steve chuckled and punched his shoulder playfully. Bucky ignited his engine. Sand kicked up when he spun his bike around to face the road. "We should head back, sun's gonna be going down soon."
Tony aggressively smacked the sun visor up. About a week after Bucky found out his secret, Tony had found a tuna fish sandwich on his workbench. From there, Bucky kept leaving him more and more food. If the Avengers ever went out to eat, Bucky would bring his leftovers back to Tony. If they had a party, Bucky would sneak out a plate of food and put it in Tony's fridge for later. Which kind of irked the cyborg. He had his own food and didn't need Bucky watching over him like a lost puppy. He appreciated the gesture, but it was still annoying. Luckily, Tony only felt that way in the beginning. After a month of Bucky shoving food in his face, Tony stopped putting up a fight. And now the cyborg expected his share of food every time the Avengers went out for dinner. None of the Avengers questioned why Bucky took home leftovers from every event, he was, after all, a super soldier and needed the extra calories. The hard part was keeping Clint from stealing them on the way home.
Steve shook his head in disbelief. "Where will you go?" As far as the Avengers knew, Peter didn't have a stable home in Queens. He just had a ton of friends that let him sleep on their couches.
Steve laughed at that. "And then what? Hold hands and run off into the sunset?"
"Too late!" Spider-man chirped over the comms. His spider sense pricked at the same time as Iron Man's sensors pinged. "Incoming!"
"He can...talk?"
"How do we get that thing off him?" Clint frowned at the stringy black substance that was starting to solidify around his body.
"I thought I was the big guns?" Bruce sounded offended.
There was silence on the other end.
"Yet," Clint added.
"He's just a man. He can't hurt anyone without his armor. Besides, I promised I'd let him see his son if he complied." Fury said, then went into the interrogation room. The agent hurried after and freed Stark from his handcuffs. Tony rubbed his sore wrists. Fury motioned for Tony to follow, and he did so without a word. Everyone eyed him warily as the two walked through the Helicarrier. They went to another level, where a small cell block was housed. Tony glanced around at his team, giving them apologetic looks. There were no bars on the cells, just strange blue energy fields.
"I am sorry, young Stark."
"You're seriously still mad at me?" Tony frowned.
"You're right. But I was referring to sex."
"FRIDAY, power down!" Peter jumped to his feet.
An explosion rocked the Hellicarrier.
"Boss!" FRIDAY called urgently.
"This is my gym, too." Tony protested. "And I'm not leaving until we have a heart to heart."
"Are you shitting me?!" Hawkeye yelled from his perch atop an apartment complex.
But no. He had someone else in mind.
"That's absurd! I would never!" Tony would've been standing at this point if his feet weren't chained to the floor. His face twisted with rage, "never ever in a million years would I ever do something like that. Why are you asking? Did you find something when you were treating his wounds?! I swear to god, if someone touched my boy, I'll-"
." He gave the bot a very unamused look. "Least I can do for a departed friend."
Tony was going to die out here. Alone. And cold. He deserved it. After what he had done to those people at AIM. After what he had done to his team. But he had done a lot of good, too...right? Like carrying that nuke through the wormhole. Anger bubbled up in his gut. Anger for the fact that he was going to die alone. Anger for the team who had abandoned him. Anger directed at himself. Anger for Obadiah who causing all this. It wasn't
"We are not engaging the Hulk without armor," Tony said firmly.
"I want a full report and whatever bullshit happened today," Fury made a sweeping motion with his arms. "Later, though. For now, I suggest you all come with me. Like I said, your presence was requested four hours ago. Our ride is waiting for us on the landing pad." Fury jerked his thumb over his shoulder. The Avengers quickly made for the door. Fury was about to follow when he noticed that Tony hadn't moved. "You too."
"You really shouldn't do that, Tony." A grim voice said from behind him. Tony slowly turned to face...himself? The other suit of armor looked suspiciously like the Mark VI. But with a black and gold paint job. The eyes and the reactor were red. "Hope you don't mind my changes to the design." The masculine voice spoke again.
"Jesus! Personal space!" Tony shoved his teammate off him. "Where the hell...?" The Avenger looked around, not recognizing the area. They appeared to be in a forest clearing. The Quinjet lay in pieces all around them. The cockpit was nothing but a jumbled mess, half buried in the earth. A few trees had been taken out during the crash, branches and leaves now mixed with the twisted metal of the jet. Speaking of the trees, they were ungodly tall, their branches reaching so high and so intertangled with one another that they almost blocked out the sunlight. Tony stood up, slowly turning in a circle. Not a single sound made it through the thick undergrowth that surrounded the clearing. Not even so much as a bird call. For a moment, Tony thought he saw a pair of eyes watching him from the shadows. But only for a moment. "Where are we?"
Several hundred feet above, the Falcon watched in horror as the school caved in. A huge cloud of dust billowed up and Sam was forced to fly higher. "Okay, the Vulture's been grounded. But um...the school collapsed." Sam reported.
Tony stopped in his tracks. "No, you won't. Put that down before you hurt someone."
"Peter, you need to come back to the compound. Right. Now." Steve practically snarled.
"You are a strong warrior, Man of Spiders," Thor clapped him on the shoulder. "I have watched many good men destroy themselves in the aftermath of great suffering. Yet you still smile."
A knock on the door pulled him from his thoughts. Tony set the helmet on the counter. "Come in."
Once they were safe, the stranger put the jet into auto pilot and turned the seat around to face the Avengers. "Everyone alright?"
"Don't. Please, just...don't." Tony left the room. He didn't feel like having dinner anymore.
Tony cursed, glaring up at the Helicarrier surrounded by several Quinjets.
The young man wandered off into the streets of Queens. He ducked into an alley where Scarlet Witch was waiting for him. She had changed up her look just enough to not be instantly recognized.
"Don't you trust us?!" Natasha hissed, closing in on his left side. Bruce was approaching on the right, quickly followed by Thor and Sam. Steve hung back, glaring at the window.
"No, no, no. I-I got this...I got this." Tony dropped onto the couch, where he had been living for the past two days. What he had seen in those caves was still fresh in his mind. He hadn't been able to save the person the Hydra agents were experimenting on. And he hated himself for it. Part of him wished he hadn't gone down there. Then he wouldn't have seen what they had done to that person. He wasn't even sure what gender they had been. Most of their body had been replaced with robotic parts.
Steve picked up the notebook he found under all the papers and flipped through it. It was all designs for the first Spider-man suit Tony made. A photograph slipped out of the pages and into Steve's lap. At first glance, Steve thought it was just a picture of Tony and his son. But the man next to Tony looked too old to be Peter, and Tony looked a lot younger than Steve had ever seen him. The two men were in the middle of laughing, with the Peter look alike pointing to something unseen.
"You'd have a bed if you just told them-"
"Not until you tell me what's going on. Why are you pretending to be a robot?!"
Steve sighed. "You just wanted me to carry you, didn't you?"
An hour passed before the AI spoke up, "security overridden. Access granted to files concerning Peter Benjamin Parker-Stark. What would you like to view first?" Steve leaned over Natasha's shoulder, watching as dozens of folders suddenly popped up all over the screen. Everything from medical records to adoption papers, to something labeled "Iron Spider" was now in full view.
"You called me a 'flesh bag'! What the fuck man?!" Clint was fuming.
"I for one am in full support of Stark remaining on the team," Natasha announced as she strode into the room, still wearing her nightgown.
"Let me go. I'm almost done." Tony squirmed in Steve's grip. "Five more minutes."
"You didn't-"
"About what?"
A small smile tugged at the corners of Sam's mouth.
Chicago was on fire. Specifically the magnificent mile. Screams cut through the crackling flames. Sirens blared. A woman threw herself over her child right before a sign fell off the building above them. It abruptly stopped right before it hit them. The woman looked up when she realized they hadn't been squashed. Spider-man stood over her, holding the sign above his head.
He didn't see anyone on his way to the front door. At one point he thought he saw Bruce out of the corner of his eye, but if the scientist was there, he didn't make his presence known. Tony didn't bother checking for heat signatures. He ran into Steve in the lobby. The super soldier was halfway through the door when Tony rounded the corner. Both men froze. Steve opened his mouth to say something but snapped it shut. He took a few steps towards Tony.
Natasha did as she was told. Both Avengers stared at the newly opened file in shock. "I don't believe it..." Natasha's mouth hung open as she scrolled through the document. "Stark, you bastard..."
Tony thought with a shake of his head. He returned Peter to his room and tucked him in. He sat on the edge of the bed, watching the spider crawl back into his tank and disappear under some leaves.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not the same way he loves you, though," Rhodey hummed.
"I have my own private space," Tony said, "where I can tinker with things in peace."
Peter paled.
"RUN, RUN, RUN!!" Tony screamed. Steve pulled Clint onto his back and took off. The rest of the team didn't need to be told twice, everyone running as fast as their legs would carry them. Tony stayed back, using his repulsor to slice through several branches that hung over the river, creating a small blockade and buying them a bit of time. The moment that was done, Tony turned on heel and sprinted after his team.
"Hiya, Cap!" Peter smiled and waved, glad to see the real Steve again.
"We're going bowling the weekend after next."
Rhodey ruffled her dark curls.
"If you say so. I don't have time to worry about it right now. I'm going to meet Fury. Figure out what's going on. Oh, and you shouldn't sleep up here. You'll fall and break your neck," Tony's voice was as metallic as ever behind his mask.
"One of your own? Cute," it fired the projectile. Iron Man easily dodged, however, the resulting explosion tossed him against a pillar. "You and I are nothing alike." He grabbed Iron Man by the head and slammed him into the hood of a car, setting off the alarm. Iron Man kicked the bot off him and blasted through the hole in the roof. He didn't make it very far before the bot grabbed him by the ankle and yanked him back to the ground. Tony's head banged against the inside of the helmet. It stung, but he refused to make a sound. His comm was still on. He couldn't allow the Avengers to know that Iron Man could feel pain.
"Tony?"
Everything up until Tony leaves the Avengers in chapter 9 remains exactly the same. The events from then onward are now extremely different. This rewrite will be putting the story back on track with the plot that was originally intended.
"If I ever get out of here, you're going to be the first thing I make," he added 'concussion beams' to the list of abilities he planned on giving the bot. "The Avengers want a robot. Here's their damn robot..."
Wanda smiled cruelly, "do you really think that? How naive."
"Thanks. And Steve?" Clint opened the driver's door but didn't get in.
"Kiss you."
"I have something else for you," Iron Man said to Steve. He walked over to the other side of the workshop, motioning for Steve to follow. Steve blinked when Iron Man pulled out a box of records from under the workbench. "These belonged to Howard Stark. You have more use for them than I do," he dropped the box into Steve's arms. "It's all music from the 40's, by the way. Some 30's too, I think."
"No shit, Sherlock!" Clint and Natasha were struggling to hold down Peter's legs.
"I'm already dead Pepper!" Tony shouted. There were so many emotions swirling around his face. Rage. Agony. Sorrow. He looked away to hide them from her. "I've been dead for years. This," he motioned to the remains of the mark 46, "was nothing but a glorified casket. You know that. And I know that. I was rotting away on the inside just like you said."
"I did. He still claims it was Doctor Banner and not him. Maximoff told us Iron Man lashed out after she and Banner freed Peter. Burned down the training complex in the process. Our lie detector must be faulty because it one hundred percent believes Stark is telling the truth."
Iron Man walked around the room while he waited, inspecting the old computers. There was a thick layer of dust over everything.
"Ever heard of carpet?" Peter spat, looking around the room for the first time. It looked like he was in some kind of basement. There were no windows, and the walls were plain wood planks. Animal heads and furs hung from the walls and covered most of the floor. A couch made out of tiger fur sat on the other side of the room was on the other side of the room. "Or maybe not hanging dead animals up everywhere? Not very welcoming."
"Hey, Cap!" Tony said. He sounded cheerful. The look on his face told a different story. "C'mere, I want to talk to you about stuff."
Pepper stiffened. "Tony."
"Patch him through," Iron Man ordered.
"Give me a minute. FRI, did this file get moved already?" Tony typed the name in again and it still came up blank.
"No buts. I'm not letting that son of a bitch anywhere near you ever again." Iron Man blasted off, leaving no room to argue. "Excuse me while I rip out his throat." He crashed through the nearest window of the building, making a bee line for Banner's the heat signature. The image on his HUD suddenly disappeared. "FRIDAY?"
"I have it handled sir, I will protect her. But please do hurry," the AI responded.
"Two minutes!" Tony said. "Are any of my old suits still in the workshop?"
"I love you, too, tiger."
"I thought I told you to shut up?"
"Four broken ribs, broken collarbone, fractured skull, internal bleeding. And the usually cuts in bruises that come with every fight. How you were still conscious when I picked you up is beyond me. Oh, your right leg is busted. Had to take it off so you wouldn't accidentally cut yourself on the broken metal. It's down in the lab when you feel like fixing it up."
Iron Man whirled on him. "You don't know jack shit!"
"I have a lot to say."
"Uh oh..." Clint breathed out.
"Stop it, Tony." Rhodey snapped. Iron Man made a growling noise at the sound of his own name. Rhodey chose to ignore that, "yes, the mission was a success. But you didn't know what you were flying into. Things could have been a lot worse. You could've gotten seriously hurt."
"Why do I even bother?" Happy sighed. "Anything else happen that I should know about?"
The ground shook as the three deer ran after the Avengers. Bruce skidded to a halt and threw out his arms when the ground suddenly ended. The water continued down the rocky cliff side. The forest stretched on for miles in all directions, with the river snaking through the center of it. They could just barely make out a hazy range of mountains in the distance. A bright red radio tower towered above the trees several miles away. Tony looked back. The beasts were closing in. There were more of them now. At least five. Two more were running at them from either side of the river.
"The future," was their answer. "You are invaluable to our research, Mr. Stark."
Steve closed his sketchbook and looked over at the robot once more. He had told Clint that he didn't. But in all honesty, he wasn't sure. He reminded himself that no matter how human Iron Man acted, he was still just a robot.
Sneaking into the station wasn't difficult. Getting through the trap door in the back room was. It was made of metal and had a heavy duty locking system. After several tries, Peter gave up and ripped the door off its hinges. A long ladder led down into a dark pit. Faint voices made their way up to the Wallcrawler. A soft blue light shone from the very bottom. Silently, Spider-man slid down the ladder until the pit opened up into a large room. From there, Spidey moved onto the ceiling.
Bruce halted outside one of the cells. "Hello, my dear."
"Mr. Parker? Mr. Osborn would like to see you," a woman in a white lab coat stood next to Peter's desk, clipboard in hand. Peter nodded and followed the woman to an entirely separate floor. She let him into Norman's office and closed the door behind him. Osborn didn't appear to be aware of the younger man's presence, completely focussed on a small stack of papers in his hands. Peter was about to speak, but Osborn beat him to it.
Steve's heart ached at the sound. "Wake up, buddy. C'mon, it's just a bad dream. Wake up!" He shook his teammate more aggressively. Tony bolted into a sitting position, eyes wide and breathing heavily. He looked around the room frantically, not knowing where he was.
"Yes, there is!" Steve moaned. "I'm getting weird feelings for a robot! A robot, buck!" Steve through he hands in the air, clearly distressed. "I should only be feeling this way about a woman. Or a man. Doesn't matter, as long as they have a beating heart."
"Tony..." Bruce sighed. "You're my friend. A good friend. But this...hiding from us was not okay. I don't think I will ever forgive you for this. Don't come back to my lab. You're not welcome there anymore." He left the room with clenched fists.
"He was probably joking," Sam snorted.
"Tony! What happened?! Are you hurt?!" Steve knelt down next to him, placing a hand on his shoulder.
"We better move this fight. If you really do intend to keep it between just the two of us," the man backed into the trees, melting away into the shadows.
Natasha got to her feet and stretched, "let's take a walk."
"Hey, Tones, what's up?" Rhodey answered cheerfully.
"I take it you found your bag," Steve motioned at the gauntlet on his right arm.
Steve and Thor poked their heads up. "What's going on?" Steve asked.
"Friends! I have returned!" Thor waved excitedly.
Tony hadn't moved from his stool. He watched the fight play out before him in total silence.
"What gives you the right?" Peter hissed. "What gives you the right to my body? I'm not your fucking lab rat."
"You should fight them," Michelle suggested.
"The bot that killed Justin Hammer."
"I don't know what would happen. But I'm pretty sure the Avengers won't kick you out."
Tony was dabbing at the gash on Steve's forehead with a wet rag. The cyborg had left his suit on the Quinjet. Although he wished he hadn't. That way he wouldn't have to make eye contact with anyone.
"About a week ago," Maria was glaring at Iron Man now. Fury looked to Iron Man for an explanation.
"Nothing. C'mon, we're falling behind." His hand drifted over Tony's arm as he turned and walked away. Tony fell into step behind him.
"Alright, let's get going." Tony climbed back on. "Just hang on Steve. You better be alive when I get there. Otherwise, I'm going to bring you back to life just to kick your ass."
(See the end of the chapter for
"So, when do we get to use this for real?" Wanda put her hands on her hips.
"I was just there, he wasn't," Clint scanned the room. The common room was a fairly open area, and there weren't many places a person could hide other than the kitchen.
"Not now, Peter," Tony repeated, not really listening.
Tony's mouth fell open, "r-really?"
"Jesus Christ. Why didn't he tell me that? I'm going to beat his scrawny ass." Bucky grumbled. Steve raised an eyebrow, wondering why Bucky chose to use the word 'scrawny' to describe the bulky robot. "He and I tell each other everything. And I mean everything," Bucky smirked. The look in his eyes clearly said 'I know something you don't'. "Can't believe he didn't tell me you kissed him." Bucky puffed, causing his bangs to flutter out of his face.
Peter dropped his bag on the porch and walked around to the back of the small cabin. From there, the land sloped upwards and became rockier. Peter started hiking up the slope, eventually having to use his wall crawling abilities to scale the sides of the large rocks. It was more of a challenge than his regular wall crawling. Pebbles shifted under his feet with every step. A bird landed above him, its head cocked in curiosity over the strange creature scaling the mountain.
Bucky felt guilty every time he looked at Steve. Steve told him everything. He had trusted Bucky with his feelings for Iron Man, and now Bucky was hiding the biggest secret of all from Captain America. Steve was a generally happy, upbeat person. But Bucky knew him well enough to know that he was not happy. Not completely. Steve was lost and confused. Steve needed to know the truth. He deserved to know the truth. The fact that Iron Man was cuddling Steve at this very moment bothered Bucky. How much longer was Tony planning on keeping this up? Was he going to allow a relationship between him and Steve to happen? Without the other ever knowing the truth?
Thank you for reading!
"Alright, Mr. Stark. Let's start with the basics. Give me your full name. High school. And parents names. Then, I want you to tell me something that isn't true about yourself."
And then...it was all gone...every last piece of it.
"Sit down, son," Steve forced him to take a seat in between Natasha and Clint.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looked between the two.
"What?" Tony lifted his faceplate, brow furrowed in confusion. "Speak up, I didn't catch that."
"Tony? Tony!
"Fine," Pepper let out a heavy breath. "But once you wake up, we are having a serious discussion about being a responsible adult."
"I know right?" Clint threw an arm around Bucky's shoulders. "Those two are practically joined at the hip! Steve, you are one kinky son of a bitch!"
"We talked about getting you a dog. Or a fish. Not a giant hairy spider from hell."
Someone had stitched Peter's mouth shut. Dried blood covered his chin and lips. Peter covered his face his with hands, his shoulders wracking with sobs.
Tony lunged for Spidey only to be batted to the floor. Spider-man ripped open Iron Man's chest piece, causing sparks to rain down on both men.
"One, two, three, four," Tony counted under his breath, "aaand...five!" As soon as he spoke, the backup generators kicked in, flooding the room with light once more.
Steve nodded in agreement.
"No, I didn't," Tony muttered, absentmindedly rubbing his chest. He stopped in his tracks when the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. Someone was watching them. Slowly, he turned to face the way they had come. A pair of eyes peered out of the shadows, staring right at Tony.
"Fondue?" Tony smirked.
"I wouldn't call 2008 a long time ago," Rhodes rolled his eyes.
"Yes, my dear?"
"We need to go," Tony's human eye narrowed. "They'll find us if we stay-"
Steve looked out the window, not wanting to think of what the Goblin could have done to Spider-man in that time.
"He'll get through this. Son of a bitch never stays dead for long," Rhodey chuckled.
The tower started to tilt. The windows shattered and a large part of the ceiling caved in. "GO, GO, GO!" Steve screamed.
"BANNER, STOP THIS!!" Rhodey screamed. He wasn't far from Tony but was afraid Peter would be killed in the crossfire if he tried to attack now.
Peter fumbled around with the keys, terrified that he would wreck Tony's car. The car was probably worth more than his entire life. Finally, Peter got the car turned on and started rolling across the parking lot. It was a bumpy start, to say the least. Peter kept slamming on the breaks too hard or putting too much pressure on the gas. Once he almost hit a light pole. Almost.
The dragon had left him in the dungeon a few hours ago. At least Steve assumed it had been a few hours. It felt like he had been sitting still for a very long time. His kidnapper was still nearby, it's heavy footsteps and deep breathing echoing through the building. The echoing made it impossible to pinpoint where exactly the beast was. There was a large arched doorway at the other end of the room. The only exit. Steve could make a break for it now if he wanted, but the beast was more than likely waiting for him in the corridors beyond.
Peter didn't answer.
"Who are you drawing?" Iron Man leaned over the back of the couch, eyeing the sketchbook in Steve's hands. He was drawing a man sitting at a workbench, fiddling with a clump of wires. The man had dark, unkempt hair, and slim fitting clothes, with one of his shoes untied.
"Very necessary!" Clint said. "Dude, we know what happened to you. We know you're not okay-"
"Why are you on the floor?" Bucky asked, staring down at Tony. The engineer was hunched over, fiddling with something in his lap. Tools and blueprints were strewn all around him. Bucky wasn't quite sure what he was working on. Something that lit up whenever Tony tugged on a certain wire. "And what happened to your legs?"
"All public information, yes."
"No."
"Wait. I know this place...Steve, land the jet!" Tony was currently leaning against the pilot's chair. He shook Steve's shoulder, urging him to do as he said. They had been following the semi's route for a while and were almost caught up with it. A very familiar abandon gas station popped up on the horizon.
I had a devil of a time trying to focus on the Avengers in the last chapter. Certain things were left unaddressed, so I decided to explain them through flashbacks. Plus I just wanted to write more identity porn.
"Then I'm going to double the legs on mine," Peter announced.
"You can't control who lives and dies, Tony." Spider-man refused to meet his gaze. The tension in the air was so thick you could cut it with a knife.
"Most of them, yes. Don't tell my dads. They'll be upset. They've been trying really hard to help me deal with the PTSD, but...yeah..." Peter turned his phone over and over in his hands, fingertips brushing over the slick surface. He had been texting MJ for the past hour. Their conversation had gone from him explaining why he wouldn't be home for awhile, to them debating the proper way to toast a marshmallow. Peter loved his family dearly, but he couldn't help but feel slightly tense around them as of late. MJ, however, had never done a damn thing wrong, and Peter felt nothing but ease when he was around her. Just texting her helped him feel better about the current situation. She was his anchor, and he had decided a long time ago that he would do literally anything for her.
"I don't know..." Steve turned Iron Man's head to face him. "I'm right here, Anthony."
Iron Man sat on his couch, rummaging through a box on the coffee table. The food Rhodey had brought him was half eaten, the plate discarded on the floor. He pushed the box to the side and pulled a different one towards him. Everything was pretty much unpacked at this point. He was a bit surprised that the team hadn't gotten rid of all his stuff. In fact, everything was exactly where he left it. Someone had gone around and crossed out the names on all the sticky notes. A sticky note with a frowny face had been added to one of the boxes that had been left for Steve. Them not taking his stuff was a good thing, though. He would need this stuff to complete his next project.
(Steve, just ask Tony out again, you hopeless dumbass.)
All because of Tony. All because Tony decided to put a little faith in them by exposing his true face. He should've waited for his suit to arrive before he stormed the Hellicarrier. The team wouldn't have died in the twenty minutes that it had taken for the mark 43 to catch up to him. Tony would give anything to go back a few weeks. Undo everything. Go back to being a robot. At least then Steve would still love him.
"IRON MAN!" War Machine roared, making everyone jump.
Tony stood up, "we're not going anywhere until we have answers. What's up with this?" He motioned at the screen, having paused right when Norman was dragging Spidey into the room.
Peter stopped and looked down at himself. He wore a black version of his suit, a large white spider covering his chest and back. "Wanda made me wear it." His lenses didn't move like they did on his normal suit, a fact that Clint found unsettling.
Something metal hit him in the back of the head. Hard.
"No. I simply have enough trust that he will take care of himself," Thor shrugged.
"I did! Oh god, I shot Peter...I shot Peter...I shot..."
"Okay, buddy, just calm down..." Clint slowly raised his hands.
"Don't. Just don't," Peter put his head in his hands. He had finally gone back home after spending the week wandering the compound, not sure what to do with himself. Michelle had called Ned the moment Peter got him, his old school friend hurrying right over. They had both seen the news. Everyone saw the news. For once, the media wasn't against Spider-man and didn't blame him for the death of the Goblin, arguing that is was in defense of a teammate. But Peter still blamed himself.
"I'm the same as I've always been," Iron Man held the bot's glare. "Who are you?"
"Okay, geez, I'll go ask Vision," Peter slammed his textbook shut. He turned to leave only for Tony to grab him by the throat and slam him into the table. Peter clawed at Tony's hands, "I-I'm...S-sorry-" his eyes were wide with fear.
"Anthony," Steve said as if testing out the name. "It suits you."
"I know. I know. I just...I don't want people to keep messing with my body. It's mine." Peter hugged himself.
"Fury, you know me. You know I wouldn't go around killing people for the hell of it." Iron Man motioned wildly with his hands, desperately trying to get Fury to see reason.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve nodded and motioned for her to lead the way. "C'mon, Stark, we're moving out." He called to the engineer who was still digging through the broken metal.
"A drunk driver ran a red light," Peter's voice was barely above a whisper.
Steve took a step towards his lover, broken glass cracking under his boot. "Where is he?"
"He worked for SHIELD. Him and your mother. Did you know that?" Tony said, walking around the couches.
"Vision, now would be a good time to float on through that door," Tony said.
"I won't fall." Peter put his hands on his hips and stuck out his tongue, distorting his mask in the process.
"Take your anger out on Peter. I don't want you turning into Howard."
Michelle was frozen in terror. Venom now had her pinned under him. His face was just inches from her own. Cold claws brushed against her throat. Venom pulled back his hand to deliver the killing blow.
"Yes, he will," Steve assured him.
"Good. Less chance of him crashing into me," Clint was trudging towards them, his hair ruffled and grass stains on his jeans. "He has too much energy." It had only been a week since Iron Man had returned. He had holed himself up in his workshop not speaking to anyone for the entire time. And on the eighth day, without warning, he blasted out of the workshop, immediately taking to the skies. It had been almost three hours since that had happened, and Iron Man showed no signs of slowing down.
"Then get me his blood!"
"You have to!"
Peter shook his head and pulled away. "It says I can't trust you. I'm sorry." He ran, ignoring the upset shouts behind him.
When Michelle walked down the aisle an hour later, Peter felt his heart stop. Because Michelle was honestly the most beautiful person he had ever seen. And he couldn't quite believe that this was happening. That he had actually lived long enough to marry her. Peter relaxed when Michelle took her place at his side. They smiled brightly at one another, and Peter realized she must be having similar thoughts.
As soon as the youngest Avenger was gone, Steve whirled on Tony, "what the hell crawled up your ass and died?"
Steve looked back to see his robot flying after them. Iron Man was literally falling to pieces after only minutes of fighting Obadiah, his already damaged jet boot was sputtering out, compromising his flight. The distance between them was growing at an alarming rate. Steve started fighting back, knowing Iron Man would catch him when he fell.
"Look who's talking," Tony hissed, blue eyes of his armor boring into Bruce's soul.
"What, you don't recognize my voice? I'm offended, Stark."
"I mean, we won't know how much he really remembers until he wakes up," Tony hugged himself and looked away. He and Steve were in Strange's library. Natasha and Strange himself had been with them, but Strange had run off with Nat, wanting to show her a set of enchanted knives he had recently acquired.
"That's not what I meant," Natasha picked out a marshmallow and popped it into her mouth. "Nothing's been the same since Tony left. People are going through the four stages of grief all at once and it's tearing us apart."
"The guys who attacked me. They had weird alien guns and glowy knife things." Peter waved his hands around in the air, "the Vulture is behind bars. But none of his goons are. I think they attacked me to avenge their boss," Spidey explained.
"Five more minutes," Tony didn't budge.
"I'll try," Steve smiled softly. "C'mere." He moved over so Iron Man could lie down. Iron Man settled in next to his friend.
"I do what I want," Peter threw a carrot at his foster parent.
"I did?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"What do you mean?" Steve frowned. Tony had gotten barely any sleep since they found out Jarvis had been corrupted, and Steve was just as concerned as Tony was. Although Steve would have preferred if Tony put his own needs first and took breaks from trying to fix Jarvis in order to sleep. Or eat.
"Shut up," Tony hissed. His legs hadn't hurt as much since he had been injected with Extremis. Which was one good thing that had come from his time at AIM. After nearly eight years, he had forgotten what it felt like to be able to just
"Hey, Cap, are you gonna make a robot-" Peter cut himself off, shying back ever so slightly, "why are you looking at me like that?"
"Tony. I'm already fucked up. I've been fucked up ever since the Vulture dropped a building on me." Peter balled his fists up on the table. "This isn't about revenge. It's about preventing others from ending up like me." Peter cleared his throat and straightened up, "if you're available to help me, then, by all means, do so. But don't you dare abandon your posts until your job is done. My life isn't worth more than that of anyone else in Queens. No one dies today."
"Wait. You know about Tony?" Natasha raised an eyebrow.
"This storm is not my doing, Eye of Hawk."
. Tony Stark is dead."
"What for?"
"The team won't talk to me, ya know." Tony went on anyway. "I walk in the room and everyone scatters. I tried to talk to Clint this morning, but he just yelled at me. Which, I probably deserved that." He took a deep breath. Steve could hear his armor whirr as he shifted from foot to foot. "I know I hurt you, Steve. And I'm sorry. I want to make things right between us...I just...I don't know what I'm supposed to do. How am I supposed to fix this if you won't talk to me?"
"I think I'm done for today," Bucky sat back on his haunches.
"How are your wounds?" Steve asked a bit nervously. "Fury said Banner treated you."
The AI was Tony Stark.
"Humans have such a strange way of looking at things," Iron Man mused. "Something can be right in front of their faces and they still chose to be blind."
"I said I'm fine," Tony put his helmet back on. His bots were affectionate, somehow knowing how touch starved he was. And most of the time he appreciated it. Now wasn't one of those times. "Be a dear and steal some food from the kitchen for me. I don't care what. Canned soup if there is any." Dumm-E sped off, happy to have a job. For once, it actually brought back what Tony had asked for.
"No."
"Your smiles are fake?" Thor's own smile faltered.
"Spider-man was inside," Sam gulped.
"They can't get in! The only thing that could break through that door is the Hulk," he assured her. "I'll be there in three minutes, just hang on! The Avengers are on their way, too."
"What?"
"Sorry about them," Steve apologized after he had successfully gotten everyone out of the workshop.
"Those exploding arrows Clint uses work like a charm on robots. Too bad that whats left of the bots have nowhere to go but down. Down onto whoever was unlucky enough to be under them."
Thank you for reading! And a special thank you to everyone who commented, left kudos, bookmarked and subscribed to the first chapter! It really means a lot to me!
"Mr. Stark? Is Peter with you?" Ned's worried voice sounded from the other end.
"Fine," Tony took a deep breath and punched a button. Metallic whirring filled his ears as the ramp lowered. He held the shield close to his chest, finding comfort in the object. "Alright. No armor. Just my boyfriend's shield and the repulsors in my prosthetics...you can do this, Stark." He puffed out his chest as he took a deep breath. "Let's get our family back, Jarvis." With that, he charged across the deck. Shield held at his side, and his right hand extended, repulsor at the ready.
Sam had retreated into the corner, eyes downcast. Rhodey was still seated on the couch, eyes on Tony, yet not really looking at him. Natasha, Natasha of all people looked like she was on the verge of tears. Steve looked beyond crushed. As if his entire world had been destroyed. He opened his mouth to say something. No words came out. And then there was Clint. Clint who didn't dare take his eyes off Tony. His shoulders were shaking, his jaw tight. Tony looked away. He knew Clint's anger wasn't directed at him. That didn't mean he could bring himself to hold the archer's gaze.
Steve spoke directly to Peter, "get suited up, Kid. I don't want you in this fight, but I don't think it will be possible for you to sit this one out.
"When we spoke this morning, you said you felt a little under the weather," Thor reminded him.
"He too lazy to come up here himself?"
"I want answers," Thor boomed. "Why has this happened to our young friend?"
"Maybe I like having it there?" Tony tossed the tray onto his cot. It bounced off and clattered on the floor.
"Don't touch me. Please. Just. No one touch me." Peter curled into a tight ball, hiding his face in his knees. His muscles ached. He felt like he really had been torn apart. He shuddered at the feeling of so many bloodied hands grabbing at his body. The Avengers slowly moved away to give the boy space.
"How do you want your eggs?" Tony asked, pulling the carton out of the fridge. His friendly tone made Steve relax. Maybe everything would be alright between them. His optimism quickly disappeared when Bucky walked in and Tony's expression darkened.
Peter tiptoed around his room, grabbing various objects and putting them in his backpack. "Change of clothes, extra suit, a fuck ton of web fluid, homework, calculator, toothbrush...aaand food money," Peter said under his breath as he dug through the bag, making sure he had everything. His suit had been washed and he donned it once more. Grabbing his mask, Peter climbed up on the window sill.
"Use the microwave!" Steve fumbled with the toaster, trying to get it plugged back in.
Captain America's shield whizzed through the air and would have hit Ock in the head if he hadn't caught it with his mechanical limbs. "I'm starting to lose my patience." As egotistical as Doc Ock was, he knew that he had gotten lucky the first time he fought the Avengers. He would not win a second time. Especially now that he had lost the element of surprise. Spider-man lunged again, letting out what was meant to be a scream, but sounded more like a dying cat. Doc Ock quickly moved out of the way. "Don't worry, Spider-man. We will meet again. And next time I will bring some allies of my own." With that, the doctor disappeared into the trees.
everything
Other the next several weeks, Henry the tarantula went wherever Peter went. Except on patrol, of course. Henry would follow Peter or sit on his shoulder. The whole ordeal was quite odd to Stark, but no one else seemed to question it, so Tony didn't. At one point Tony found Peter asleep on the couch. The tarantula sat on his chest as if guarding the unconscious man. Tony went over to Peter, planning to pull a blanket over him, but the spider sprang up, it's first four arms raised in warning.
Iron Man laughed. "I have to upgrade myself every once in awhile. And fix any battle damage. I'm also the one in charge of upgrading the gear for all you sad lumps of flesh-" Steve kicked Iron Man in the shin. "Stop kicking people! It's rude. As I was saying. I make the gear. I'm working on some new arrows for Clint right now."
"Nice hair, huh? What are you, his boyfriend?" Clint teased.
"That day might never come." Steve shook his head. He took the paper over to where Bruce had a bunch of beakers and chemicals lined up on a table. Without hesitating, Steve balled up the document and dropped it in a vat of acid. The paper sizzled as it was quickly eaten away to nothing.
"I need verbal permission from Mr. Stark in order to unlock the files."
There was a long awkward silence before Happy spoke again. "How come you never call me anymore? I miss you telling me about churro ladies and star wars."
"Again? That time of the week again?" Tony snickered.
When Peter woke again he was strapped to a table. He tried to sit up, but the restraints holding him refused to budge. The same red glow as before lined the edges of the straps.
"You shower with that on?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's hot."
Steve laughed.
The Avengers followed Peter back to his apartment. Peter wasn't really trying to hide where he had gone. He went straight there. No doubling back or taking odd turns to confuse his family. He didn't really care if they followed, he just wanted to go home. And now the Avengers stood outside his door. Michelle being the only thing that kept them from barging in. Michelle opened the door just enough to glare at them. "No."
Three months. Christmas was just around the corner. As time dragged on they started to lose hope of ever finding their beloved cyborg.
Steve went over to Iron Man and tilted his chin up. "He can't hurt you anymore."
need you."
"We'll see about that," Osborn's smile was becoming more disturbing by the second. "You're all lucky I didn't call the cops the moment you set foot in this building. I suggest you leave before I change my mind."
"Your guess is as good a mine," Iron Man shrugged.
"Is that necessary?" Tony frowned.
I have mixed feelings about this chapter. It didn't turn out quite the way I wanted it to, but I'm happy with how the second half turned out so I'm going to post it anyway.
"You can't control everything, Tony. All you can do now is be there for him. And I'll be right there with you. All of the Avengers will."
"Stark, we don't have time for this!" Sam shouted. "We have no other plan. This is our best option-our only option-and you know it!"
"I think so," Tony smiled, rerouting the GPS for the nearest theater.
"Peter's old helmet! He got it at the Expo when he was a kid." Tony explained hurriedly. A toy Iron Man helmet sat on a shelf in the back corner of the lab, covered in dust and tiny scratches. The first time Tony had seen it was at the Stark Expo, being worn by a little boy who had stood up to the hammer drones. The next time he had seen it was when Peter officially moved in with him. Peter had brought Tony the helmet and told him about how their first meeting had actually been at the Stark Expo. The helmet had been placed on a shelf in the lab and stayed there ever since. Peter had told Tony to protect it with his life and to never ever let anyone touch it. At the time Tony had thought Peter had been joking, or overly sentimental. Even so, Tony never once touched it or let anyone else do so. Every once in awhile he would walk past and smile fondly at it. He grabbed the toy and flipped it over. A T-shirt was stuffed inside. Had that always been there? Tony brought the helmet back over to his team, tugging the shirt out as he walked. The shirt unraveled on its own, and a box dropped onto the floor with a quiet 'plop'. Clint, being the closest, grabbed the box and opened it. Inside was a small vial containing a strange black liquid. It moved around in the glass tube, almost like the liquid of a lava lamp.
"I'm not having this conversation at eight AM," Tony's mumbled around his coffee cup. "Are you just now coming home from last night's patrol, Peter?"
Kraven opened the door a bit more, "why?"
"Alright. As always, it's been an honor working with you, Spidey," Ned's mic clicked off. Peter hummed, used to hearing Ned say that to him at the end of every patrol he was involved in.
"I brought it with me. I can't fight crime without a mask," Spider-man defended himself.
"I am merely pointing out facts," Vision's expression did not change.
Bruce's eye twitched, Peter's reaction clearly not the one he had wanted. "Do you know how your aunt died?"
"...thank you."
"I'm going to throw you out the window!" Tony screeched.
Tony screamed, tears streaming down his face. "
Steve sighed, "I suppose you're right. But I'm still not planning on sleeping with a robot, so let's just drop it."
The Avengers themselves looked well rested. As if they hadn't just spent an entire week battling giant lizards in the mountains. Steve did look sad about something, though. Tony listened to his words carefully, trying to figure out why that might be.
"I'm trying to have a conversation-"
"The fuck is that supposed to mean?" Natasha crosses her arms.
"Do you believe me, Peter?" Steve pressed.
Tony looked down at the dark liquid in his hands. "He tells me he loves me a lot. I don't know if he means it or if he's just telling me what I want to hear." There was no shortage of pitying looks when it came to Steve. And Tony was honestly getting sick of it.
"What's different?" Bruce was sitting on the other side of the workbench, running a few tests of his own on the bot.
"I know..." Steve looked away.
"Get out of here," Tony frowned.
"I don't love him," Steve crossed his arms. "Not like that."
"Clint's right." Natasha nodded, and added, "for once."
"Vision." Wanda gave a nod right as she used her magic to fling Clint across the room.
Steve gently pushed Henry towards the edge of his desk with a pencil, "I don't know what you're doing, but could you do it somewhere else? I have work to do!"
"Hard pass," Peter said, throwing a kick at Venoms head. The creature caught him by the ankle and flipped him onto his back.
"Are you still going to take me to prom, Parker?" Michelle asked, a small smile on her face.
I was thinking about having this be part 1 of a superfamily series in which Peter deals with his anxiety disorder, among other things.
"And you're still technically older than Steve," Peter smirked.
"Where's the file, Osborn?" Tony said.
Tony looked back to see Peter standing directly behind him, holding his chemistry textbook and a notebook. Tony blinked. This had to be another hallucination.
"How are things going on your end, Hawkeye?" Steve spoke up. "I could use some help over here."
"Sorry."
"I warned you!" Toomes released his remaining talons and Michelle plummeted to the ground. She let out an ear splitting scream.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Jarvis, send me the footage." Iron Man requested. The was a moment of silence. Iron Man was facing the screen but clearly wasn't focused on it. His attention was on whatever was going on inside his artificial brain. "Pause. Enhance. Again. Shit. Jarvis, put that up where everyone can see it."
"What?! Everyone knows I'm the fun dad!" Tony protested. Steve heard him hit something with a wrench.
Rhodey pushed the sheets back down. "We'll worry about that later. We need to talk about this 'place' you mentioned."
Tony let his head fall on the table, groaning in defeat.
"NEVER." Wanda boomed, red light exploding from her body and sending everyone within range sailing across the hangar.
"Have you?" Steve raised an eyebrow.
"Yes, you."
"I thought you were taken off the rotation?" Rhodey groaned.
"Obadiah Stane," the bot chuckled. Tony stilled. "And who do you think you are? After all these years, still prancing around like a glorified robot."
"I'm getting real sick of murderbots!" Clint yelled. Most of the Avengers were succeeding in moving the fight outside, while Natasha, Clint, and Steve remained indoors, dealing with the stragglers.
"You're not in a position to make demands, Mr. Stark. Show me the Venom. And I'll show you Spider-man." Osborn remained stock still, brown eyes not leaving the glowing blue of Iron Man's faceplate. Iron Man held up his hand, the small vial between his thumb and index finger. A smile tugged at the corners of Osborn's lips. "Put it on the headstone and walk away."
The color drained from Tony's face.
Bruce responded almost instantly.
Steve let out a scream as he plummeted down several stories. He flailed his arms, desperately trying to grab onto something. His screams were abruptly cut off when he crashed into something very solid. "Iron Man?!"
"What the hell are you doing?! Wrong way!" Michelle tried to plant her feet firmly on the ground but wasn't much of a match for Tony.
Peter crouched on the arm of the couch. The Avengers had given up on trying to get him to sit like a normal person a long time ago. He still wore his costume, with the mask tucked into his belt. "We've seen that a million times," Peter groaned at the movie Clint was holding up.
"Last round for the day," Steve announced.
"So...why bring me here?" Steve leaned against the bench Iron Man was at.
"I'm fine. I guess this explains why I couldn't detect a human heat signature." Iron Man grumbled. He picked up the red arc reactor, turning it over in his hands. "Destroy it," he held it out to Steve. The super soldier put it on the floor and crushed it with his shield.
"I thought so too," Tony growled. "The Venom is long gone, Osborn. You'll never find it."
"It'll be easier now that you're an adult. We just have to sign the paperwork."
Iron Man marched away from the balcony. He went to the closest bedroom and promptly shed his armor. He was here to rest. Not reminisce. The cyborg had spent all day searching for Obadiah. This whole mess started with him. And it was going to end with him. Tony planned on taking himself down along with Obadiah. It seemed like a fitting end to Iron Man. Tony supposed he had a good run. He saved a lot of lives. Did a lot of good. He was proud of what he had been able to accomplish. But all good things must come to an end. Like his relationship with Steve. Tony fell face first onto the bed, wondering why he ever thought their relationship would actually work out.
"Can I sleep in my own bed? This table is cold."
"Alright," Tony made a note to do so on his computer.
Tony Stark could handle rejection. He could, honestly. He's been dealing with rejection since the day he was born. Dealing with people who just wanted him for his money. For his influence, power, whatever thing fit their needs during any given week. No one ever stuck around. Not when they got to know the real Tony Stark. It was fine. Tony was used to it. What he wasn't used to was having his heart truly broken. The pain was worse than having his face blasted off. Okay. Maybe that was an exaggeration. But heartache still sucked.
"Robots can't feel pain, Steve. And I just can't take it anymore." Tony paused, giving Steve a look he couldn't quite read. "Besides, the team needs a better bot."
Vision moved closer to the doctor, "you are saying that this is a trap? We must inform Captain Rogers-"
I don't have much of a plan for this. I have a general outline for this story, but that's it. If you guys have any ideas please let me know!
Steve grunted as he drove punch after punch into the punching bag made to withstand his strength.
"Really? We barely got you put back together last time!" Rhodes looked furious. Steve wondered what 'last time' Rhodes was talking about. Iron Man hadn't sustained any injuries in the past few months. And he definitely hadn't been in any explosions. It must have been before the Avengers assembled.
Tony perked up at that, "what did he want?"
The photo was of Peter's biological parents. It was old, slightly discolored with torn edges. The writing on the back said, "Mary and Richard Parker, just got back from their honeymoon, May 8th, 2001." Peter's breath caught in his throat when he realized that the note was in uncle Ben's handwriting.
"Tony Stark is still alive-"
Steve and Sam had stopped talking, their attention now on Tony and Peter. "You both need rest," Steve instructed.
"..."
"Tony..." Steve put a hand on his arm. He vaguely remembered the file from the time he and Nat hacked Tony's computer, but he couldn't for the life of him remember what had been inside. "What was on that file?"
Natasha made another jab for his ribs. This time Tony caught her arm and flipped her onto her back. Natasha easily switched their position. "Just because you know a few things doesn't mean you get to skip out on training. You got off easy when you were a robot. Time to make up for lost time. STEVE!" The super soldier paused, his attention turning to Widow. "Your turn to beat up Tony." She let go of him and moved out of the way.
worthy of the hammer. Would Thor have to hand over Asgard to a dog?"
Tony let out a strangled sob.
pain. Iron Man had never felt pain before and he was scared. There was nothing Steve could do to help him. And that was tearing him apart. A lump formed in the back of Steve's throat.
Steve shook him gently, "wake up."
I hope you enjoyed this chapter~
"Tones..." Rhodey took his hand once more. "You were kidnapped. Weren't you?"
"Yes, dear," Tony leaned back against the hay bales, crossing his arms over his chest.
"Hurry. If you're not here in two hours, we're coming to get you." With that, Tony hung up. It took exactly two hours to reach the compound. That didn't leave much wiggle room. Peter pocketed his phone, made sure his mask was secure and started web slinging.
Clint rolled his eyes. "Because you obviously want to get over your crush on Iron Man-"
-could die. Waiting for another suit to arrive is not an option. I have to go. I have to do this."
Almost two months after Iron Man was injured, the robot suddenly appeared in the Avengers' living room. He looked as if nothing had happened. His armor shined as brightly as ever, the paint crisp, and not a single scuff in sight. His blue eyes glowed brightly. The Avengers swarmed around him, bombarding him with questions. Their hands ghosted over him, but no one dared actually touch him. Iron Man didn't directly answer any of their questions. He simply said things like "I'm fine", "Don't worry about me", and "I'm sorry for worrying you".
"But-"
"I do get out. Quite often, actually." Tony flipped down the sun visor in order to check his appearance in the mirror. He had the hood of his sweatshirt pulled up, and a pair of dark sunglasses hiding the glow of his robotic eye. It was August, and much too hot for the man to be in all black, but Tony was too stubborn to wear anything but.
"So far so good. MJ is a really good cook."
Tony fell to his knees, his hands gingerly touching the wound. He scrambled backward when Spider-man started walking towards him. His white lenses betraying no emotion. The fire behind him created a strong shadow over his entire form. Blood dripped from his clenched fists, having no doubt reopened the cuts in his arms after web slinging. The four extra appendages raised above his head, about to go for the kill. "Don't do this..." Tony's armor clunked against the wall. There was nowhere left for him to run. Tony's helmet folded back into his suit. He looked up at his son, trying not to let the fear show on his face. "You're not a killer, Peter."
"You're the one who made it a mess," Steve chuckled.
"Dogs are literally the purest creatures on this earth. I don't see why one wouldn't be able to wield the hammer."
"I'll be there soon." Peter stood on the railing, about to web sling off.
"Great," Clint sighed.
Natasha held up a hand. "No buts. It's family movie night, and you're family, so sit down. Keep working on your arm."
"Yes. I will," Steve marched forward and grabbed Tony by the collar. The repulsor was pointed at his temple now but Steve didn't care. "Nothing could ever replace you. Do you hear me?! Nothing! Do you want to know why? Because you're special! You're important, and you deserve to live a happy life, just like everyone else of this fucking team! You've been through too much bullshit to give up now!" Tony looked taken aback. Steve continued, "Tony Stark isn't dead. He's standing right in front of me, and I'm going to make sure he keeps standing. Because I'll be damned if I let you fall again. You're important to me. To the team. To the world. We
"You want to pilot the jet through a lightning storm, be my guest, Cap!"
"If you needed to look at our security footage you could've just asked," Harry frowned at the pile of unconscious guards. "Spider-man is a good friend of mine. Just have him text me next time you need something." Harry was on of the few people outside the Avengers who knew of Peter's alter ego. Harry had even been over to the tower a few times when he and Peter were still teenagers. Tony never trusted Osborn's son, although he kept his feelings to himself.
Ned chuckled, "okay, okay. I'm looking away. Happy?"
"That little stunt you pulled at the party last night, telling people to call you 'Anthony'."
"I don't know, but you need to stop using that thing or you'll drain your reactor!" Tony advised. He had only used his once during the entire fight and was now using his lasers and other small projectiles to take down the bots.
Natasha found the wording of that last sentence a bit odd, "it 'tells you'? As in it talks to you? Like it has a mind of its own?"
"Come down and fight me you, coward!" Peter waved a fist at Tony.
Robert glanced over at the TV. The news was still covering the Raft breakout from a week ago. The rogue Avenger on the loose was big news. Peter looked over his shoulder at the TV. There was no sound, but subtitles scrolled across the bottom of the screen.
"Making sure no one comes looking for you. Hold still, I need more blood."
"Kid's got balls," Clint snorted, patting Steve on the shoulder.
"I'm not pretending." Tony grabbed the helmet back. "I'm connected to this armor. This armor is
"As Hulk and Spider-man, yes. We could have. Then you had to go and..." Peter made a noise of disgust.
Iron Man flew over her head, tackling the bot closest to her. He tried ripping it apart, expecting the metal to be just as flimsy as the last Iron Man look-alikes. But Obadiah had gotten his hands on the same titanium alloy Tony used. Iron Man's fingers scratched uselessly against the bot's armor. The other bot clawed at Tony's faceplate.
"I heard," Steve returned the smile.
"You're disgusting."
"No, they're fretting over their teammate. Who also happens to be their close friend." Pepper smacked the back of his head. Tony had always been self-destructive, but losing half his body in Afghanistan made him even more so. Pepper just counter her lucky stars that he hadn't sustained any serious injuries since then. Just damaging his prosthetics here and there.
"Oh, we have. You probably don't recognize me. It's been...two years? Yeah, two years."
Long angsty chapter for all your long angsty chapter needs.
"I am the better version of Tony Stark," the armor answered as it grabbed Tony by the back of the shirt and flung him across the room. The cyborg used his repulsors to stop himself from crashing into the wall. He flipped around and hovered in mid-air, starting at the robot wide-eyed.
"Ow. Stop yelling." The eye pieces on Spider-man's mask enlarged and narrowed a few times before settling on their resting size. "Did we get him?"
"We'll figure this out," Iron Man said.
Tony's eyes flitted around the room. He was in a lab of some kind. Complete with test tubes filled with strange liquids and trays lined with pointy objects. Fun.
"He went to the kitchen to get cake," Steve reported. Peter had been gone for a good ten minutes, but Steve wasn't really concerned, considering how easily Peter could get distracted. Especially with all the Avengers currently battling for his attention.
"You don't earn respect overnight, Wade."
"Okay!" Peter hopped over the back of the couch. His spider sense pricked when he was cutting the cake, but he ignored it. He got desert for him and Steve and turned around to find the super soldier standing a few feet away. "I was gonna bring it to you," Peter chuckled, sliding Steve's plate across the table.
"You better not be," Tony frowned. "Where's my hug?"
"N-no, you, oh fuck..." Tony slapped a hand over his face.
"DON'T!!" Tony's pleas landed on deaf ears. He closed his eyes right before the fist made contact. Something cracked. Peter howled in pain.
Tony sighed and leaned against the doorframe, looking at the blank walls that were once covered in Star Wars posters. There was still a hole in the far wall from the one time Peter had punched it after getting into a fight with Tony. Peter went through a lot of teenage angst his sixteenth year. "Who's this friend? And why didn't you tell me?"
Iron Man connected to their comms, "you could use a bit more firepower." He heard Bucky and Rhodey protesting, but opted to ignore them. He nodded to the two men next to him before leaping into the fray. The aliens barely stood a chance against War Machine. And with Iron Man at his side, the battle wasn't going to last much longer.
"When did you get blown up?" Steve asked softly.
"It was never here." Steve helped Tony to his feet and guided him back to his bedroom. He tucked Tony into bed and turned to leave, Tony grabbed his arm.
"Spider-man!" Steve shouted right as the Avenger in question sprinted across the room. He kicked off the couch and threw a snowball at Steve, hitting him in the back of the neck. Peter landed in a crouch, another snowball in his other hand. He was in full costume, complete with a heavy winter coat, the fur hood pulled over his head. Steve was also in winter clothing.
"I appreciate it. However, there's still the matter of Bruce and Wanda," Steve reminded everyone. "I know you all want Peter back. I do too, but I have a feeling Wanda started the fire. Nothing else could have done so much damage so quickly. Right now, our priority is to find them before they can strike again."
"I bet my PTSD is worse," Peter challenged.
"What did he want?" Rhodey rolled his eyes. "He wanted to know how you were doing, dummy."
"I'm not hungry," Tony repeated, starting for the door. His entire face lit up with joy upon seeing his ex-lover. "I changed my mind," he said to Bucky. "We should go to dinner. All three of us! Come to dinner with us, Cap, it'll be fun." He gave Steve a warm smile.
"Human Experimentation." Iron Man's voice was barely audible. He was facing Steve, but Steve could tell his eyes weren't focused on him. "But, like I said. I took care of it. We should go."
The man put the bottle back under his robes and motioned for the Avengers to follow him back down the mountain. A wagon being pulled by a few horses waited for them. The elf like man hopped onto the front of the wagon and held out his arm, inviting the Avengers to climb aboard. The wagon was full of soft looking hay.
"There is no danger, dear Captain! Merely a god who wishes to partake in shwarma once more!" Thor laughed.
"I'm going to stop you right there!" Steve slapped a hand over Iron Man's mouth, even though the action did little to muffle the speakers. "You are exactly what I want." He pulled his hand away so he could give Iron Man a kiss on the mouth. "You're perfect."
"He said he's a pacifist."
"Okay," Iron Man nodded once. "I didn't hurt you, did I?"
"Peter's father," Steve guessed.
"Mom an' pop shop in Colorado," Natasha reported. "Owner said this fell out of the sky two months ago. Hit her on the head. She had it on display in the window, saying it was alien tech."
"Thanks. Sorry to cut this short, but I'm needed in Queens." The skylight opened and Tony blasted off. Steve watched him go with mixed emotions.
"DON'T TOUCH THEM!" Iron Man put everything he had into his unibeam. White light shot from his chest, engulfing the street, and temporarily blinding the Avengers. When the light died away, the enemy robot was lying in pieces around Iron Man, who lay unmoving on the ground. "Don't...touch...them..." Iron Man's voice was only audible through the comms.
"Get your head out of your ass."
"Spider-man's creating a distraction. Let's go!"
"T-Tony?" Spider-man struggled to his feet, only to fall back onto his hands and knees.
Steve put a hand on Tony's arm, not saying a word.
"What the fuck just happened?" Clint blinked.
"This is about Peter."
"No...you're not...you've...you..." Bucky went over to Iron Man, hands shaking as he removed the helmet. Tony let him take it off. "You're not a bot...?"
Spider-man squinted the lenses on his mask and knocked on the window a third time.
"I'm not pushing myself," Iron Man snapped. He wished Rhodey would stop calling him Tony. That name didn't belong to him anymore. The scientists at AIM had taken it from him. Left him a shell of a cyborg. He wanted Rhodey to know that, but he also didn't want Rhodey to think he was any weaker than he already did.
Welp.
Steve was pale. He had heard what Tony had said to 'Peter' and assumed he was having another episode. He didn't like being right about this particular thing. "Are you...can you still see him?"
Steve reached over and freed the arachnid. "What're you doing out here?"
"I do. And I could really use one after all this," Natasha smiled at the Doctor. He nodded and headed back down the hallway, Widow following close behind.
"TONY, NO!" Natasha screamed, but it was too late. Iron Man blasted through the room, grabbing Peter by the throat and slamming him through the opposite wall. "Fuck!" Natasha jumped through the new hole in the wall. She wasn't sure how she was going to stop two pissed off Avengers with heightened strength, but she had to do something before they killed each other.
"That's not what happened. It escaped. Yes, it bit someone, and yes. Did I mean for it to bite anyone? No. Of course not. Although, I took that as an opportunity to study the effects on the individual." Bruce took off his glasses and put them in the pocket of his lab coat. "So far they have been positive."
It was still early in the morning, and the Avengers were slowly waking up and making their way to the kitchen. Iron Man had chosen to remain in the Quinjet for the night, and Steve was a little curious when everyone but him was accounted for. Steve held his coffee close to his chest as he stepped out onto the porch, the screen door banging shut behind him. Surprisingly, he didn't have to go too much further to find the robot.
"Hurts, hurts, hurts." Iron Man's voice was growing weak.
The symbiote snarled.
"Spandex," the man snorted.
"I'm guessing it's laundry day," a masculine voice chuckled.
Happy reached for the roll of tape but decided against it. It took them awhile to get to the compound. The rush hour traffic was not helping. And of course, Peter talked the entire way. Happy had stopped listening over an hour ago. Was Peter talking about Star Wars again? God, Happy felt like he was about to lose his mind. These constant drives from Queens to the compound had become the bane of his existence.
"A name?" Rhodes quirked an eyebrow.
"I can't believe we're doing this..."
"Tony! Jarvis sent me your location, I'm on my way, just hang on!" Rhodey said urgently.
"Who was that?" Steve asked.
"THE HELMET!!" Peter suddenly screamed. "STARK EXPO! HELMET!" The video abruptly cut off right after that final word.
"You don't have to. Go spend as much time with your family as you need," Steve said.
"No," Wanda laughed, "you're Spider-man. You stick to walls and can shoot webs out of your wrists."
Steve looked over at the robot, his armor turned a pale maroon color in the moonlight. "I love you."
"No. It's not. You're seventeen, Peter. You need to stop carrying the world on your shoulders." Natasha sighed.
"Sorry," Steve took a step back. "That was...unprofessional."
"Three days?!" Peter gasped.
"Absolutely. You can put one on if you want. I'm sure Clint would enjoy the change in music. You know where the record player is," Iron Man said with a wave of his hand.
"That would require me hanging up on you, so goodbye-"
The scientist who spoke continued, "technopathy has always been a thing of fiction. Yet here you are. A cyborg capable or controlling a suit of armor with your mind. Your flesh has bound with machinery, nerves connected to wires, circuits fused with tissue. Something that shouldn't be possible. And again, here you are. Imagine the medical applications of all this. Amazing. Truly amazing." they made a swooping motion over Tony, who was strapped to the operating table, clad in nothing but white shorts. "I want to look into how the shoulder muscle is connected to the artificial one," they said to one of the other scientists. Tony sucked in a deep breath, preparing himself for the pain that was about to come with raw muscle being exposed.
Tony shook his head. "You won't get this done in time without help. I'll gather the supplies. You can start with getting Karen back online. FRIDAY, tell the team Peter and I are busy. Cap can figure out a plan without us."
