Jude took the time to glance between his children again, admiring their sweet faces and gleeful expressions. There was no greater feeling in the world than to know that he was loved by the children he wanted so much to have…
This chapter contains a spectrum of feels, some not so good. Plus, it ends with a cliffhanger, so be warned! :) Thank you and enjoy!
Still no reply. Jess clearly wasn’t in the mood for talking. Instead of pressuring her, Jude carefully walked over to sit on the edge of her bed and reach out for her. But as soon as Jude’s hand touched Jessica’s arm, she curled into a tighter ball, pulling herself away from his reach. Jude gulped and laid his hand on his own stomach instead, where the warm glow happily greeted his own touch.
In his heart, Sam understood that Gabriel didn't see Lucifer the same way everyone else did. To Gabe, Lucifer was his
“Yeah,” Jude shrugged, “but now I'm worried about everyone else... Jessie? Did uncle Gabe say anything else about the Darkness?”
Dean stopped and knelt by his niece's chair first. Jessica's crayon paused on the paper and she turned to look up at her uncle with confusion and question, probably wondering why he was being so sneaky. Whenever Dean looked at Jessica, he couldn't help but be reminded of Sam as a child. And this time was no different.
“I doubt that, son. It is likely they are adjusting to their rapidly growing bodies. May I?” Papa asked.
Lucifer’s smirk weakened. How did Michael know about the earthquake? The question must have been written on the devil’s face, because Michael took a deep breath and answered without being asked.
Dean took the time to lean forward and kiss the angel again. No matter how much shit he went through – no matter how many times his anger returned or his blue skies clouded over – a single kiss from Cas was all it took to make Dean feel better. He pulled away to lean their foreheads together and lose himself in those amazing blue eyes.
The morning was half over by the time Jessie came out of her room to search for the rest of her family. As usual, the groggy Winchesters were filtering in and out of the kitchen; the source of the heavy aroma of coffee in the air. Uncle Dean, in his robe, was standing by the coffee pot and uncle Cas and Jude were sitting at the table, but Dad, Papa, and Clarence weren't there. Huh. Maybe they all wanted to sleep in today for some reason.
Gabriel's eyes slowly lit up with heavenly light. The loose bricks and metal shelves in the room began to rattle loudly as golden grace began to glow from the archangel's form. As Castiel watched his brother turn to face the demons, he realized that Gabriel was about to exit his vessel. The archangel's wrath was about to rain down on all those responsible for Sam's death – which meant he was going to blow the entire warehouse apart.
Michael and Adam gladly offered up their empty glasses, which Gabriel refilled with some whiskey from the liquor cabinet. The golden archangel also topped off Sam's glass with a wink, to which Sam rolled his eyes and grinned. Gabe was definitely trying to get him drunk for some reason.
“No,” Castiel said, finally opening his eyes to reveal the deep ocean blue, “There is a set of X. And a separate set of Y… Two different groups… Two different fetuses... Both seem to be forming without a flaw.”
“That's right, hump machine,” Papa warned, pointing at the dog, “You ruin Jess's day, and you'll get the ol' snip-snip... And that goes for you too, Moose.”
The first thing Dean and Cas did when they arrived home was rush Jude to the kitchen to feed him. Rowena insisted on making him a batch of her 'prize winning' cookies, which made Gabe really curious as to what contest they must have won. Gabriel was privately relieved to see Jude gulp down a glass of water and chow down on some sweets. Poor kid deserved it. Dean and Cas sat with him the whole time he ate, asking him questions about his stay in the cage and reminding him of how much they loved him. Jessie sat at the table with him too, soaking up his words like a sponge.
“Sam,” Gabe tried to purr, caressing the man's warm arms, “Put your hand up my dress and call me Mr. Wonka.”
“Things were never easy after our Father left. Of course, you wouldn't know that. You left, too,” she spat bitterly, “But those of us who remained tried to cope and bring about some kind of order. It started with a council of high-ranking angels. Michael, Raphael, and a few others. For a while, the makeshift democracy ran smoothly. Until we sent Castiel to save Dean Winchester from Hell...”
Dean paused to toss his head back and let out a long exhausted sigh. Sam could feel a small smile trying to rise on his own face. He knew better than anyone that Gabriel was dangerously persuasive. The trickster knew how to press all the right buttons until he got what he wanted. Dean eventually looked over at Cas next to him, who had been standing by silently the whole time.
Jane took a few more pictures with the camera that Papa let her borrow before signing them in and letting them go inside. She gave them each a hug and told them that she would be back at eight o'clock to get them before leaving. And watching Ms. Jane go actually made Jess a little nervous. In fact, her stomach was even starting to get a little achy...
Everyone turned around at the sound of a familiar voice. Out of the shadows of a couple of overturned cars, a pair of glowing red eyes slowly made their way closer to the crowd. It was Lucifer, back from where-ever-the-hell he had gone, and now he was waltzing up to the Winchesters like he had never left. Clare was a little pissed to see him. The guy flew off and abandoned the whole mission because he got a little cranky and
Once they were both standing naked with their pants around their ankles in front of the dresser, Dean kissed along Castiel's bare shoulder and reached over to open a drawer and feel around inside. It was a drawer they had designated for their private stock of toys, lingerie, and lubricants. Dean desperately rummaged inside without looking, until he found a large bottle of lubricant. With shaky fingers, he popped open the lid and squirted some of the clear fluid into his palm before bringing it down to smear it on his solid erection. He coated Castiel's hole afterward, sliding his wet fingers between the cheeks and circling one digit inside. Castiel bit his lip to hold in a moan, raising his sight to Dean's face in the mirror as he rocked against it. Dean looked so determined; so desperate to make love to Castiel. He only prodded the hole for a few seconds before lining himself up and sliding inside.
one,” he said, shaking his head toward Jude but looking at him quizzically, “I realize that he's important to you, but I'm still not sure how. Is he... your best friend or something?”
“Uncle Cas, look at his journal,” Jess encouraged, holding out the page she showed Jude earlier, “See? It's proof that we've already done it!”
A sigh of contentment eased out of Dean's mouth as he watched his three-year-old son start to climb up into the Impala. Jude was still wearing his flannel pajamas, which were covered in comic book characters. The vivid colors of Superman, Green Lantern, and Batman's logos were harshly bright in the morning sunlight. Jude's chestnut hair was sticking out in all directions. But his blue eyes – the same gorgeous sapphire eyes he got from Cas – were wide open and blinking.
All four teenagers – still holding hands – were now standing in the middle of a city street, where tall buildings reached toward the swirling black mass in the sky. There was no sunlight at all, even though it was three o'clock in the daytime. A hard breeze was flowing through the area, picking up stray trash and tossing it in the air. The sounds of sirens, breaking glass, barking dogs, and shouting echoed from all over the place. Jude could faintly see flashlights bouncing through the dark haze, as if people were running all over town. Windows of the tall buildings were black and there were no streetlights at all. Jude tried to calm his breath as he looked around in fear, but it wasn't helping. It was so dark here! What was happening? What was that big black mass in the sky? Why was the ground shaking? There was nothing but chaos here!
” Crowley suddenly shouted, spinning her around to glare at her, “I told you that child was off limits! Are you deaf?! Messing with the Winchesters is a bloody death sentence! Don't you know that?!”
“No. I shall do it myself,” Cas answered, glancing down at the woman next to him before looking back to Dean. “Wait for me outside. And spread the word that no one is to enter this room without my permission.”
Sam had trouble keeping himself from blurting out his affections during sex with Gabriel. It wasn't out of the ordinary for him to say 'I love you' at least a few times while they did it, especially near orgasm. Luckily, it seemed like Gabriel really enjoyed Sam's lack of verbal control.
The man quickly followed the archangel's line of sight to his side, where Cas's head was propped up on Dean's shoulder. Cas looked paler than ever now, but his hand was no longer holding the open wound on his stomach. It had fallen limp in his lap... and his blue eyes were closed. Cas was very still; so still that Dean couldn't even tell if the guy was breathing or not. Panic flashed through Dean in an instant as he stared at the unmoving angel next to him.
his vessel were going to be damaged, so he needed to take precaution. The angel wadded up the blue fabric and stuffed it into his own mouth, giving himself something to bite down on and muffle his own screams. Afterward, he used his hand to press against the top of his stomach, feeling the outline of the baby's body through the tight skin. When he found the space between Jude and his own vessel, Castiel held a finger on the spot and raised the angel blade with the other. All he needed to do was make one small incision. One tiny cut. Then, he could pull himself open enough to retrieve his child.
It was the Spanish part of the upbeat dance song, filling the room with cheerful music. Everyone looked toward the source of the sound, which seemed to be coming from Ollie. The guy's face went almost as red as his hair as he quickly searched around his pockets. His cell phone kept playing the melody as he looked at the screen with worry.
Clare’s eyes flew open and he grunted inside their kiss, shocked by the extremely forward action. He briefly pulled away to look down at the angel and figure out what was going on. The dopey, sweet look was still on Jude’s face, making the blood pulse faster to Clare’s nether region.
Sam gave his archangel a strange glance before meeting eyes with Dean again. Someone? Did they honestly forget someone? Who was Gabriel talking about? The answer seemed to come to Sam and Dean at the same time, because both sets of their eyes cleared and they shared an equal look of guilt.
Gabriel sighed. Yeah, he knew the old song and dance. The Winchesters foiled the angels' plan by throwing Michael and Lucifer into the cage, using Sam and their brother Adam as vessels. Only Sam was saved later, much to Gabriel's relief. Man, Michael's absence from Heaven must have made a big difference.
Clare grinned as he watched their interaction. It was unbelievably good to know that his children had such a loving family. If someone had come up to him when he was a teenager and told him that he would have this giant, loving family, complete with a handsome husband and two perfect twins, he would have laughed in their face. And then punched them for lying. He never would have believed that any of this could be real. But it
With a tiny whimper, Dean's mouth lunged forward to meet Castiel's, smothering him with a meaningful kiss. The angel could feel the raw emotion inside this particular kiss, more than any other before it. As their lips suctioned together in a moist embrace, Cas knew that Dean had fretted over more than just Sam's life...
Sam turned his head to give Gabriel a look of genuine admiration. He never realized that Gabe had taken Bobby's feelings into account when he planned to have this dinner. Everything Gabe said was true; they really did take advantage of Bobby's hospitality every now and then. Not on purpose, of course, but they still barged in on him a lot. And it was really considerate of Gabriel to give him some space just this once. Bobby's eyes softened a bit beneath the bill of his hat and he gave a gentle shrug.
Everything in Clare's mind was telling him not to trust this man. Clare's entire body was demanding that he announce the warlock's presence in the house and let the Winchesters deal with him... but his heart – the weak, needy organ beating in his chest that always ached to know a real parent – was actually kind of excited. Caldwell had a present? For him? What was it? Against his better judgment, Clarence heaved a sigh. The defeated sound and inadvertent surrender seemed to make Caldwell very happy. His smile brightened and he tilted his head.
his words now, making sure Cas could hear the sex dripping off his voice. Hell yes, Dean wanted to have sex. After the terrible, shitty day he had, he
Dean rolled over in bed, shoving the warm pillow further under his head as he tried to hold down a yawn. He could feel himself waking up as a shiver raced down his bare back, but he didn't want to wake up yet. He wanted to get in a few extra hours of relaxation. In an effort to get warm, the man reached out to feel around for his angel. Cas was like a soft, sweet-smelling space heater; Dean's own personal source of warmth. But this morning, Cas and his warmth weren't there to greet Dean. The man's fingers only found cool blankets instead.
Dean chuckled once, because the extremely blunt statement caught him off guard. But then, he kissed Cas’s lips again and slid both arms down to cradle the angel’s back.
“Here is the alcohol you requested,” the angel said, offering the glass toward him, “German draft ale.”
Castiel turned his sight down the corridor in the direction of the last few sets of guest rooms. He was fully aware that Meg was in one of them; led there by Clare, Jude, and Bobby earlier. His grace was able to detect the overwhelming sadness coming from her soul, like a wordless prayer. It seeped into the air like poison, weighing down the bunker's atmosphere with a heavy somber tone. Castiel couldn't let her sit in that state alone. Not while everyone else had company.
“Yes,” Cas nodded, “Can you tell us what happened? I know it was a very long time ago, but try to remember. Who helped you conceive your child?”
Bobby's heart ached a bit. Never had a dog? Every kid needed to have an animal at least once, so they could learn responsibility. Plus, the companionship wasn't such a bad thing to learn either. But no dog ever? That was an awfully sad thing.
Castiel carefully rolled back over to face Dean and see that he had been holding onto his husband's penis. Dean had a full erection inside his pants, even though he was completely asleep. Castiel had witnessed this event before. It was something that human men experienced on a regular basis – at least, that's what Gabriel told him. According to the archangel, sleeping males often tended to 'get hard for no reason.' And Dean confirmed this once as well... but the very sight of Dean's swollen member poking out from the hem of his pajama pants made Castiel's own member respond. When was the last time Castiel saw his favorite human naked? When was the last time the two of them took advantage of a hotel room together? Or sneaked away to have alone time?
“Yes, I am,” Clare blurted, scowling harder at the ground, “I'm destined to be just like them. Because
After watching Charlie eat her smash cake – which amused Clare to no end and made him excited for the day he would get to watch his own kids get covered in cake – Jess cleaned up the baby and put her to sleep. It was about that time that Dean asked the family to all sit down in the study so they could talk. As everyone gathered around to take their seats, Clare noticed Jude’s handsome freckled face steadily growing more and more red. By the time Dean and Cas stood up to address the crowd, Jude nestled his scarlet face into the side of Clare’s shoulder, hiding it from all the staring eyes. Clare sat up a little straighter, giving his nervous husband more room to hide.
Clarence only blinked at Jude for a few more seconds before whipping around and stomping away. He groaned with rage and banged his fist on the kitchen wall as he ducked through the doorway and blazed down the hall. Jude took a few steps after him, watching him shove over a stack of books as he made his way toward the basement door. The demon all but flew down the stairs, kicking and hitting things along the way. Clarence was really pissed about Jude's decision to help put away the Darkness, but his anger only left Jude heartbroken. Jude never meant to hurt Clare. He only wanted to help... A hand slid up to rest on Jude's shoulder.
Though his heart was pounding and he knew that Lucifer's sight was zeroed on him, Sam focused his attention on the sensation of Gabriel's warm fingers clinging to his hand. As long as he was with Gabe, Sam could face anything. Even the devil himself. Luckily, Gabe seemed to be more comfortable with his brother's ominous presence. His feet didn't stop until he was only a foot from the wall of flames.
Meg smiled and held out the small box, which Clare took into his hand. He grinned and flipped open the lid to see a small brown guitar pick inside. It was the classic tear drop shape but the tip was pretty dull. The pick had seen better days, but Clare didn't mind. This was all Meg could afford, and he was grateful that she even thought of him.
Dean scoffed. There was no way Gabriel would really fix the Impala after what he did to it... right? The man stepped toward the car for himself, peering along the body and inside the windows. It looked like Cas was right. No blow-up dolls in the backseat, no dogs roaming in the front seat, no obscene messages written on the windows. The Impala looked... fairly normal. Why would Gabriel fix the car? Maybe Sam strong-armed him into it...
As the Winchesters and their angels shared a small moment of peace, some rubble began to shift behind them. Castiel and Dean spun around at the sound of tumbling rocks, preparing for an enemy to pop out of the pile of broken bricks. Dean quickly grabbed a gun from the floor to point it in the direction of the shifting rocks while Castiel readied his grace. They were prepared to kill a remaining demon that might have survived the angelic bomb – but thankfully, it was only Bobby Singer.
The hunter revved his baby's engine one more time before finally pressing the gas and speeding away. In the rear view mirror, Eddie just stood alone in the middle of the road with both arms swaying limply by his sides. He and his broken down Dodge Charger grew smaller and smaller as the Impala drove off into the distance, making Dean's heart swell with so much joy that he actually laughed out loud. The sound blended into the sexy roar of his car as the smell of springtime rushed into the open windows. Hot damn, it felt good to be alive...
Cas smiled and nodded, giving Dean's lips one last glance before returning to the pie. Dean stole a small bite of his own but put the plate on the table. He walked away to comb the garage afterward, searching for Chuck's Brillo pad hair and thin beard. He spotted the tiny guy in the back of the room, sitting at a table to himself and chatting with Rowena, who seemed to be flirting with him as hard as she could. Dean fought the urge to roll his eyes as he wandered up to catch the last bit of her sentence.
“I love you, too, Mighty Mouse,” Dean replied, the smile inching farther across his lips, “Even if you do have a weird come-eating fetish.”
“You're damn right I did,” Gabe responded, voice holding no regret, “They shot my moose. What did you expect?”
Once his orgasm was over, Cas dropped down to kiss Dean's open mouth. Feeling the urge to follow Cas's lead, Dean rolled the angel over on the floor and held his thighs back to start thrusting again. Dean's right hand slipped behind the lace garter as he stared down into Cas's wide eyes. Their faces were inches apart and they panted into each others' open mouths as Dean pounded away. Cas's long fingers held on to Dean's head while he moved, staring at him so powerfully that Dean felt like he was staring into the sun instead. His orgasm was so close.
“Nope. Coffee won’t do this morning. I’ll be needin’ something much stronger,” she mumbled on the way.
Though he seemed annoyed, Crowley rolled his eyes and did what Bobby asked. In the aftermath of the brief distraction, Rowena seemed to have calmed down slightly. She crossed her tiny arms and glared into the face of Clare's birth mother.
Sam opened the door and held it for Dean and Castiel, but Dean hesitated. He turned to Cas, putting his back directly toward Sam so that he could talk in semi-privacy.
“I don't know his damn name,” she scoffed, talking to Cas and refusing to acknowledge the teenager standing next to him, “All I remember is blonde hair... like straw... bits and pieces of being used... over and over... like a toy... kept in a box until he wanted to play again...”
“Bobby,” Chuck hummed, voice so full of tenderness, “It's okay to love whoever you want. In fact, I encourage you to love everyone as much as you can. Love conquers evil, in case you haven't already noticed. Why do you think I preach it so much?”
“I’ll, uh, go suit up and pack some essentials,” Dean suggested, taking a quick sip from his coffee before putting it down to start for the hall, “Sammy, get your stuff together. Be ready to roll out of here in twenty minutes, okay? Gabriel’s got a point. We can’t let that demon finish whatever he’s doing.”
After pecking a kiss to the back of Cas's hand, Dean let it go and walked over to grab the empty frame back off the wall. The room remained eerily silent as he went about taking the frame apart and unrolling the map to place it back inside. Dean figured that his husband was feeling the same discomfort that he was. Being in Jude's room
“Nothing,” Ollie sighed, leaning against the counter and staring down at the floor, “I just... dropped out of college.”
Sam didn't know how to respond. For a second, he just stood there in shock, unable to fully function. Sam had been in a relationship with Gabriel for more than twelve years now and the guy was
“Huh. That's, uh, quite an offer,” Gabe mumbled, bobbing his head, “Hypothetically, if I were to say no to this deal, what would happen?”
“You two hold on to your spouses, okay?” he almost whispered, “Tell them you love them everyday. Take care of them. Believe me... You don't ever want to let 'em go...”
Dean cringed and closed his eyes as he was forced to listen to the sound of his brother screaming for help. Sammy was somewhere close by and he was being hurt. That much Dean knew for sure. But he had no idea what the angels were doing to the poor kid. Whatever it was, it had to be painful. Because Dean had never heard his brother scream like that before. And the longer Sam cried out in agony, the more Dean's blood boiled.
Ollie took a second to think, as if he was considering whether to back down from his argument or not. But Jess knew just what to do to persuade him onto her side. She quickly slipped a macaroon between her lips before easing over to slide her arms around Ollie's waist, wearing a smirk the whole time.
Now that they were back in Bobby's house, Dean took a moment to breathe and look around. The first thing he noticed was that Clarence was free from the rug. Jessica had broken the symbol and let him out, and now he was pacing the floors with his hands on his head and tears in his eyes. Jane and Oliver Thompson were both huddled together at the kitchen table like a couple of terrified children. Gabriel was standing on his own now, having taken his grace back from Jess. His leg was healed and his face was clean, but pain was still written on his face. Sammy was lingering close to Gabe's side and casting suspicious glances at Lucifer, who was eying them both down from across the room. A crowd of familiar faces surrounded Dean, but Jude was gone. And for a second, Dean thought that he was dreaming. This couldn't actually be happening. Did he fall asleep in Purgatory? Was this a nightmare? This had to be a bad dream...
With the harsh gust of a tornado, Michael flew away, leaving Lucifer to stand alone in the desert with the scythe in his hands. One last streak of white lightening lit up the sky with Michael’s departure, making Lucifer scowl toward the heavens until the thunder dissipated. Alone yet again, Lucifer planted the end of Death’s scythe onto the sand at his feet and gripped the neck of it, locking his jaw with a violent mixture of rage, betrayal, and disappointment.
“I, uh, must've gotten turned around or somethin', 'cause I don't see the power plant anywhere,” Bobby replied, looking out through the windshield.
“Actually, Ken doll,” the trickster piped up, “I was gonna stick around here anyway, and get the love-nest ready for your brother. That's right, peach,” he paused to tug on Sam's long arm, “Our bed is gonna rock so hard tonight, we might start an earthquake.”
The electricity on this level appeared intact. There were still plenty of people rushing around in a panic, but the atmosphere felt a tiny bit more stable. Jessie walked as quickly as she could by a few nurses stations, blazing a trail through the frantic people. Jude was relieved when she finally came to a dead stop at room 520. The door was shut but Jess's eyes stared widely at it. She turned to glance among the boys with a gulp.
“I'm sorry!” Papa groaned, turning back to Jess and Ollie with shooing hands, “Go on, baby rabbit. I didn't mean to say that out loud. You answer him.”
But when Dean got close to the portal, he felt an orbital tug pulling him toward it. The portal itself was a huge floating crack in the middle of the air that seemed to be sucking everything nearby inward. Dean struggled to get away from the pull, digging his boots into the ground and flailing his arms. Shit, he was getting reeled in like a fish! He couldn’t fight against it!
Castiel took another deep breath as he glanced around the Impala windows. The sky beyond the glass had turned starkly black, housing multiple glistening stars. Dean, Sam, and the angel had been sitting in the car for hours, staking-out the retirement home Sam had suggested. But there had been no sign of the vampire. Castiel could tell that the Winchester brothers were refusing to speak to one another. Most of this mission had been carried out in silence. Not a word from either of them. It worried the angel to think that Gabriel had disrupted their relationship. It was the one solid truth of the universe – that Dean and Sam Winchester would always stick together as a team. And Castiel would fight to protect their special bond... No matter the cost.
Meg stuffed her hands into her jacket pockets and lowered her head a little as she glanced between Jude and Clare from the far wall.
“Ugh, you damn Winchesters just don't know when to give up, do you?” Lucifer hissed, “Can't you see it's pointless?”
him; using his mouth to project some of his grace. It was a very sweet and loving act, of course – but Dean couldn't help but find it strangely erotic, too. Feeling Cas's warm breath and wet lips delicately trail over his bare skin made his crotch almost ache with yearning. God, that felt
Though she seemed confused by the generous offer, Meg slowly took a few steps forward. Castiel watched her go, feeling so proud to see Jessica circle an arm around Meg's back and lead her into the kitchen. Oliver held up his thumb toward Dean and Castiel behind them, as if he was signaling that he and Jessica would help Meg feel better, before following the ladies into the room. Their absence left Dean and Castiel alone in the hallway, and Cas felt the urgent need to speak to his husband.
Seeing his cousin get eaten alive by Darkness restored Jude's stable mentality. So what, if he wasn't afraid to fly anymore? Who cared if he was as strong as Superman? If his cousin was being hurt, Jude didn't want it. He knew that the best and bravest thing to do was to go in her place. Darkness seemed really set on having Jessie, but Jude hoped that he would be a suitable replacement. After all, they were both half angels. Jude was actually glad when the Darkness left Jessie alone and started to come after him.
Jessica stood still for a second, trembling with glistening eyes as she gripped the scythe and scrambled for any other solution to this predicament. She briefly considered flying over to grab Charlie out of Lucifer’s arms – but what if he flew away too fast for her to get there? Once again, she thought about shouting for help – but what if the sound was all it took to make Lucifer smite the baby in his arms? What if Jessica asked to have the baby first and then disappeared with both Charlie and the scythe? No, Lucifer wasn’t stupid enough to let Jessica hold both of them. What could she do?!
I just wanted to let you guys know that it is a thing that exists. I’m pretty proud of it. If I could, I would give every single one of you a free copy, because you have been my biggest supporters and I owe you so much! Alas, I don’t have the angel grace to do that. :( But I hope that if you get the chance to read the book, you can brag to others that you helped make it happen. Because you did! If it wasn’t for your comments and encouragement, I probably would have stopped writing a long time ago and never realized my dream. :) I can’t thank you enough! :D Love you guys! Chapter two of ‘The King’ will be out soon! :)
to be, not just what they were labeled as. Clarence was more than a jaded, orphaned demon. He was the sun, the moon, and every star of Jude's whole universe... Clare's head slowly raised up and he blinked down at Jude in confusion.
Hoping to test his theory, Castiel reached up to take the front of Dean's jacket in his strong grip. The angel spun to face the wall, yanking Dean around to shove him against the same flat surface. A small sound slipped from the man's throat at the motion; a deep growl mixed with an erotic grunt. Dean's relentless tongue was quick to return to Castiel's mouth, but the angel felt that he understood what was happening now. Dean
“Alright,” Oliver huffed, “Just try to stay away from her as best as you can, okay? And don't let her bite you.”
“Jess, I'm so proud of you,” Sam mentioned, curling some of her messy blonde hair behind her ear so he could kiss her forehead.
Dean rolled his eyes but smiled at the old man's dry wit. One of the things Bobby loved most about the Winchesters was the fact that he could joke around without them getting all worked up. He finished rinsing the last bowl and placed it on top of the others before draining the sink and reaching for a dish towel to dry his hands.
“Jude,” Castiel breathed, immediately shrugging off his coat and falling to his knees to cover his child with it, “Are you alright? What happened? Are you hurt? Where are your clothes?”
“Jude doesn't hate you, Dean. He just got scared. He's never been in that kind of situation before. He probably just needs some time to calm down,” Sam explained.
Meg's eyes flashed full of fear when she saw Clarence running toward her. Though she couldn't flee, she still reached up to swat his arms down.
"It... It probably fits, but..." Jude was unsure how to say it without sounding rude, "Dad, I'm too old for Superman, aren't I? I mean, I've been wearing the same Halloween costume for my whole life..."
“I was the first to hold you, son,” Papa said warmly, “You took your first breath in my arms. And I have loved you every day since... All of us are blessed to have you in our lives.”
Though he seemed hesitant, Cas eventually gathered the energy to put his jar of honey back in his pocket and get out of the car to follow everyone else. Dean took Cas by the hand as soon as they were close enough, leading him into the diner with a tight grip. But the very moment they stepped inside – and the savory scent of food hit them like a brick wall – Cas's hand disappeared from Dean's. The man barely saw the flash of the angel's tan coat as it flew passed him, heading toward the left of the restaurant. Dean followed Cas's blurred form instantly, realizing that the angel was running toward the bathroom.
For the next hour or so, the adults in the car tried to pass the time away by playing various road trip games with the kids. The sounds of all their giggles made Gabriel's heart soar. Ah, he loved hearing a child laugh; especially his own child. The smile never left Jessica's face from the moment she woke up that morning and Gabe was so glad. He really hoped that Sam could see how happy their child was, no matter how worried he might be about the hunting thing.
Luckily, his want to talk to Clarence gradually outweighed his shyness, and Jude suddenly found himself standing at the demon's open door. Uncle Sammy – who had been on 'suicide watch' duty at the time – welcomed him over with a small smile.
“I, uh… I don’t know if you know this, but my little brother is in love with you,” Dean confided warmly. “Sam won’t admit it, of course. Not yet, anyway… But where I come from, Sammy is smitten with you. He was the one who cut those wires off your lips, you know. He cleaned you up. He gave you your own room in our bunker. He set you up with a privet stash of candy, offers you coffee, helps you talk. The kid hangs on to every word you say. He turns into a little boy whenever you enter a room. It’s like watching him be a kid all over again... And if he were standing here right now, Gabe, he would be giving you a spa treatment. He wouldn’t let anyone even get close to you with an angel blade. Sammy would… would do everything he could to save you…”
...yeah. So, Oliver's dream is to become a hunter. Bet you didn't see that coming, did you? (Oh, who am I kidding. You probably did. Lol) XD  I know that this last part was probably a total let down to everyone involved, (including us readers) but Ollie's inner conflict is just another thing we will be working through in this story. :) And it might not seem like it from all the name calling, but Crowley and Rowena do love each other. At least a little bit. Lol! XD I know there wasn't much plot going on in this chapter, but I hope it didn't stray too far from the main story. We will be picking back up with the ritual next week. ;) Thank you guys so much for reading and reviewing! The next chapter will be out soon! :)
“Uh, y – yeah,” he mumbled nervously, “I might have, um, given him some of my grace. But just enough to keep him healthy so that he'll live forever. That's all. No big deal.”
Papa and Daddy both rushed over to look inside the tiger cage and saw Dickie. The doggie had somehow wandered into the enclosure and was sniffing around one of the tigers, like he was interested in getting to know them. Oh, no! Dickie wasn't supposed to be in there! Tigers were dangerous! They could hurt him!
“When we all fell into the cage, I was able to scratch some of the Enochian chiseled on one of the bars,” Michael admitted, “It wasn't enough to break the spell completely, but it left a sizable gap for a small amount of grace to reach through. Of course, I didn't tell Lucifer about it. I tinkered with the gap only at times when his back was turned, which were rare and far between. I knew that the only way to get out would be if I could find some kind of link to Earth. When I wasn't fighting with Lucifer, I desperately searched for an opening; any kind of doorway that I could fly through. Luckily, I was able to find one. And I teleported Adam and myself to safety.”
Clare’s emotions exploded into a tangled mess in his chest. His sight flickered toward the tiny sleeping baby girl in front of him and he felt a strange urge to scoop her up and protect her. From what, he didn’t know; maybe just death itself. Because the thought of not having her – of her coming into the world already dead – haunted him like nothing else.
“Remembering your past is important,” Grandpa Chuck said with a nod, “It helps you stop making the same mistakes, and reminds you of how far you've come... But the past is not as important as the future.”
Jessie couldn't stop the tiny giggle that bubbled out of her mouth. Oh, Ollie. Why did he think that he had to drive a motorcycle to feel tough?
Gabriel's actions may have lit Dean's fuse, but his words were what finally caused the man to explode. Dean suddenly began running toward the archangel, raising the sharp weapon up over his head. Castiel gasped at the sight, feeling a burst of energy rush through him. He had to do something. Castiel could not allow Dean to harm his brother, nor allow his brother to harm Dean. The two of them needed to be apart from each other as soon as possible.
“Is it even possible to tie the knot with the king of hell? I mean, wouldn't the knot just burn or something? Does Crowley even believe in marriage?” Gabriel whispered to the rest of the guys.
“… He sounded highly upset, Dean. It took everything I had not to fly over and comfort him,” Cas mentioned.
Bobby rolled his eyes as if he was tired of hearing Crowley throw his weight around, but Clare only smiled and nodded.
Everyone turned to look at the British voice who had spoken, and found Crowley standing next to Bobby and Rowena, who both appeared grumpy and exhausted.
A twinkle of joy and excitement flashed in the little kid's blue eyes as he spun in his seat to hop down. Jude dashed across the room as fast as his little feet could carry him, dodging toys and shoes along the way. Dean knelt down to his son's level and smiled as he handed over the phone. Jude's fingers were barely big enough to grasp Dean's cell phone, but he managed to hold it up to his own ear with both hands.
“No shit, Casafras,” Gabriel interrupted, “You painted the state of Idaho in the sink with your puke. What did you eat, huh? Don't tell me you got hungry for souls and decided to open up purgatory again.”
Castiel did not delay. He reached out to clutch Dean's shoulder before flying them to the Impala. They both landed in the front seat, covered in hay and smelling like livestock. There was a fast scurry in the backseat, making the car rock on its wheels. Castiel noted that all the windows were fogged and that the only sound in the car was heavy breathing. Dean and Cas both glanced back to see Gabriel and Sam sitting in the backseat with surprise, as if they'd just been caught doing something inappropriate. They were fully clothed, now, but the angel could tell that Sam and Gabriel had just engaged in sex. Just like Dean and Castiel...
It only took a single second for Jessie to show up in her friend's room. She had no idea what time it was until she landed next to Ollie's dresser and saw morning sunlight beginning to shine in his window. It was probably early in the morning – because Ollie was in the middle of putting on a fresh shirt when Jessica appeared in his room. He must have seen her pop up too, because he gasped and spun around with big brown eyes.
“Papa says that one day I can give one of these to somebody special. Somebody I love the same way he loves Dad,” Jude mumbled, “but, I can't think of anyone.”
"But, um... I bet she's a really nice lady," Jude offered shyly, "and pretty, too. You probably take a lot after her... er, I - I'm not calling
“Yeah. Isn't that a little late for pancakes there, shorty?” Dean asked, shooting Gabriel a narrowed glance.
“Well, when that dreaded day comes, I will take this potion,” Crowley explained, tapping the lid of the flask with his index finger, “and I will follow right along at your side into that great unknown. If you are meant to die, I shall die with you. No hesitation. No regrets.”
The angel carefully turned his husband toward the grand and breathtaking sight of the southern California mountains before them. Everything was just as it was years before; the glistening river far below the cliff side, trails of rock and dirt winding along the trees in the distance, the golden sun shining down on it all. This place was almost holy; blessed with divine beauty. And purpose...
“He... He wants to g – give up,” Jessica stammered, keeping her face toward Ollie's chest because she couldn't bare to look anyone in the eye, “He's not gone, but he can't – he can't fight it much longer. He wouldn't listen to me! He shut me out!”
“Michael and Adam. They're gone. Did you misplace them or something?” Gabe prompted, crossing his arms and jutting his hip out.
The sound of Gabriel's distress made Sam's instincts kick in. He was moving forward before he even had time to think about it. With steadfast resolve, Sam ripped himself out of Gabriel's grasp and sprinted into the portal after Dickie. He was solely focused on getting his boyfriend's dog back and saving him from the horror that was inevitably waiting on the other side. Sam had to rescue him! He couldn't let any demons harm Gabe's dog! Despite his family's fervent shouts of '
The two of them laid together in peaceful serenity for a few moments, just feeling each others' hearts beat and hearing each other breathe. Castiel hoped that Dean knew how grateful he was in return; how much Castiel adored the life that he and Dean had built together. Cas couldn't imagine what would become of him if he didn't have his husband...
When they got off the tram, Daddy and Papa were there to meet them on the other side. They all waited for uncle Dean and uncle Cas to get off too before they all walked around to see the gorillas and the lions. Jessie really liked the gorillas because they seemed so smart. They waved at the people near the glass and played with each other just like humans did. One of the lions with the fluffy mane roared really loud too, and everyone got to hear it. Seeing the lions must have made Ollie want to sing 'The Lion Sleeps Tonight' again because he was humming it when they walked away.
“Son, there is nothing to be afraid of. You are surrounded by family in the safety of your own home,” Cas assured softly, reaching down to pat the top of Jude's helmet, “Nothing can harm you here.”
“Well,” Auntie Rowena continued, “The way this spell works is that you must have two of the same object – two rocks cut from the same stone, two horns that come from the same animal – a pair of something in which both pieces are related. And wherever one goes, you can find it by using this spell on the other.”
Dean and Castiel both turned toward the other side of the study to see Sam and Gabriel standing in the doorway. They were both fully dressed and glancing between Dean and Castiel with eager anticipation. They had obviously overheard the conversation and wanted to venture out for breakfast as well. Dean exhaled a long breath of annoyance and briefly tilted his head back to give a small glare to the ceiling.
While Daddy talked, Jude noticed that his eyes were dimmer than before. His voice was high and fake, like he was forcing himself to sound happy. Why did talking about his dad make Daddy upset? It must have been because he was dead...
Jude gulped, but wiggled his toes under the blanket without a problem. Why was Pop asking those kinds of questions? He was starting to freak Jude out.
Several shouts came from the family after that statement; so many that Clare had a hard time picking the voices out. Sam growled that Lucifer was a crazy bastard, Gabriel yelled some kind of rageful profanity, Dean barked an order that was clearly dismissed. The only thing that Clare was truly aware of was that Michael drew a sword – a long, sharp, silver, holy looking sword – from out of thin air and pointed the end directly toward Lucifer’s face. The appearance of the divine weapon made every angel fall silent.
That was it. Gabe had heard enough craziness from his ridiculous husband. The archangel tried to reach out for him again, planning to fly Sam home whether he liked it or not. But once again, Sam lurched away from Gabe's hold. And when Sam tried to get away, he accidentally bumped into the teacher, which caused the teacher to lose his footing and catch himself on the cluttered table, which caused the huge bowl full of punch to wobble around and tip over
Darkness howled with rage before jumping up from the ground. Clare rolled to sit up and watch him, worried that he might fly off somewhere. But he only hovered nearby with a scowl.
Of course Jude was still worried and upset for his cousin Jessie, who had locked herself in her room. He even went to see her once, but she didn't feel like talking much. So he hugged her, told her that he was there if she needed him, and left to give her the space that she wanted. Uncle Sam was still sitting outside her door when Jude came out, waiting patiently for his chance to talk to her. Jude and his uncle gave each other half smiles and waved but never said a word.
Now, the eight of them were standing on a wet, darkened beach. The only way Dean knew that he was on the shore was because of the sound of the waves and the smell of salt. The sky was void of all light, making it hard to see anything at all. Dean blinked rapidly as he listened to the footsteps rushing in the sand around him. It sounded like everyone was running to get into some kind of position.
“I have faith in you, Dean,” Cas replied softly as the elevator began to gently descend, “I know you will figure out how to handle this situation.”
Thankfully, Oliver's head slowly raised and a calmer expression started to creep over his freckled face in the dark. Sam gave him a half smile when their eyes met again.
He started to walk closer toward the crowd of people, heading between Michael and Gabriel. Everyone kept their eyes on him as if they were magnetically connected to his divinity. Grandpa paused next to his eldest son and reached up to pat his shoulder.
Even though he was on the verge of tears as he watched the glistening blue Impala roll out into the sunshine, Dean chuckled once. Somehow, whether it was the music or the Impala or the freckles on his face, Jude still had Dean with him. Dean was still traveling with his son, even though he wasn't physically next to him. And that thought was enough to at least bring Dean a little bit of comfort.
Pretty soon, the doorknob across the room rattled. Jude looked up to watch the door open and a figure step inside. With one small flame as the only source of light, it took Jude a moment to realize that he was looking at Clarence. The demon had calmly stepped into the room and was now leaning against the closed door with his arms crossed. Though his body resembled a wall, his eyes were a window into the pain inside. Clare took a small breath in the silence as they blinked at each other.
“They're, uh, part hellhound,” Bobby tried to explain, bumping his hat up a bit so that he could scratch his forehead, “You know Gabe's dog, Dickie?”
Dean rolled his eyes again and Sam smiled at the archangel's statement, but Castiel was lost. What was a 'Wienermobile'? Was it some type of vehicle? The angel kept up with everyone's footsteps as they ventured down the corridors of the bunker to get to the garage. The large space was in the same condition the Winchesters left it in; various cars parked in their own spaces, tools and other hardware neatly put away, old lamps lit overhead. Jude and Jessica were waiting impatiently by the button that opened the main door, fidgeting near the switch.
With Jude’s legs tossed over his shoulders, Clare plowed into him, moving so fast and hard that their bed – once again – smacked against the wall. Clare braced his free hand on it, pausing the sound as he rose his husband to an orgasm. Jude curled inward, clawing desperately at Clare’s back and gasping for air before he finally tipped over the edge. Snow white splatters painted the angel’s abdomen as he panted and moaned, creating a beautiful image. Clare almost instantly followed suit, pulsing into Jude’s warm body with vigor. Their cries blended and harmonized before they both fell silent, cuddling each other while their bodies relaxed.
In an effort to let the boys get some much needed rest, Castiel carefully took a few steps back. He tried his best not to make a sound as he turned for the door and reached for the handle -
The demon kid looked a little confused. Hell, Dean was lost too. Why did they need a strand of his hair? Were they doing a DNA test or something?
Castiel felt the urge to inform Clarence that Dean had always referred to Jude as 'little man,' even before Jude was born, but the angel was too curious about Dean's current actions to focus on the children's conversation. Dean had walked over to Sam and Gabriel's table, where Sam was hooking wires up from a speaker to the laptop on the table. The two Winchesters spoke quietly for a moment before Sam nodded, sat down at the table, and began to search for something on his computer. Dean backed away and started toward Castiel, Jude, and Clarence afterward, smiling like a champion. His glowing pride made Castiel extremely curious. What did he just say to Sam? What was he planning to do? And why was he grinning at Castiel like that?
The next song was 'Here Comes the Sun,' by the Beatles. During that sweet song, Ollie danced with Ms. Jane while Jessica danced with both of her fathers at the same time. The three of them made a very terrible dancing trio, but they didn't care. They were too busy laughing and swaying to notice how badly they were dancing. Plus, Dickie hopping around their feet made it even funnier. More and more people started to join them on the dance floor too, including Jude and Clare, Dean and Cas, and lots of Ollie's family members. Jess caught sight of Rowena trying to get Grandpa Chuck to dance with her, too, but he kept politely declining.
“No. It's gonna tell you the location of a certain book. And I need that book,” the old man replied.
The sound of Charlie’s baby giggle echoed down the tiled hallway as Jess and her Papa started for the bunker garage – but it stopped short when a puff of black smoke erupted in front of them. Jess squeaked and hugged her baby, feeling Pop jump in front of her. At first, Jess thought that the smoke would drift away to reveal Crowley and Rowena – two people that she planned to bark at for scaring her so badly.
Clare's eyes narrowed. Found out what happened? What was she talking about? It wasn't until Meg finally turned her head to meet his stare that Clare understood. Oh, shit. Someone told her about his past...
“You have nothing to apologize for, Dean,” Cas whispered, as a flicker of wonder appeared on his face, “Is something wrong? Are – are you not happy with your new phallic object?”
Gabe gulped and stared at his sad little moose. Poor Sammy. Not even Jessica's foresight could put him at ease... or could it? Feeling sneaky, Gabe stood up from the ground to sit on the bench next to his family and gently scoop his daughter back into his arms. Once Jess was facing him again, Gabe gave her a big smile.
Bobby was proud to hear the tiny chuckle that Clarence gave when he quickly followed the red-head witch out of the passenger side door. Like always, Crowley slid out of Bobby's side and straightened his black suit like a professional gentleman. When he shut the door, the demon grabbed a hand full of Bobby's vest jacket and pulled him close to whisper.
Behind them, the cattle and horses were becoming restless, kicking at the stable doors, neighing, mooing, running; perhaps trying to alert the owner that there were strangers in the barn. But Dean and Castiel were too consumed by each other to notice the animals. The angel could feel the man's hard organ pressing against his thigh, grinding against him longingly. Castiel took the time to reach down and cup Dean's genital region to get a clearer assessment of the man's physical state. A noise escaped Dean's throat at the touch and his pelvis thrust into the angel's palm. Dean's state was arguably worse than Castiel's. His organ was poking stiffly against his trousers, needing stimulation in the most dire way. By feeling the sheer heat of the man's erection in his hand, Castiel knew Dean needed to be serviced first.
At this point, Jude could see moisture building in Clare's pretty green eyes. He was obviously being affected by everything he was hearing. When Caldwell turned back to look at him, a smile rose on his face.
“Jane, where did you acquire that outfit?” uncle Cas asked, suddenly very serious, “I would very much like to purchase one for – um... for reasons...”
“Yeah,” Papa sighed from the backseat as he rested a forearm on the front, “That's my old man, for ya. He makes stuff happen.”
Jess knew that she would get pregnant some day. In her future-dreams, she was always chasing little toddlers and feeding small babies – babies that looked so much like Ollie. Jess knew that she and Oliver would be parents. She just didn't know it was going to happen so quickly. They hadn't even been married a full day and they were already expecting their first child. Gosh, there was so much to do! So many things to buy! So much that she and Ollie needed to learn! The anxious thoughts made Jess look up with worry. There were three men in the room with her, but none of them were Jessica's husband. Where the hell was he?!
With Clarence safely in the backseat and Jude keeping both eyes on him, Dean drove around to pick up the rest of the guys under the bridge. They climbed in without a word, all too dumbstruck to really say anything. But Dean found that he couldn't even bring himself to look at Cas. His stomach ached too much...
Dean wasn't sure how to feel about all of this information. He was glad that Bobby had finally found love again and all – but with
“We're going to get Jude and Papa back. I promise,” she said, inching a little closer, “I've seen them in lots of dreams. You and Jude are always hugging and laughing and stuff. He's going to be okay.”
“It's alright, Cas,” he breathed as sinful smirk threatened to stretch across his moist lips, “I know what to do.”
Dean spent most of his day in the bunker garage with the radio turned up to the highest volume he could get away with. There was simply too much emotional shit going on in his life and he felt he needed to drown out all the noise in his head. Instead of spending time with his family – which he knew, in his heart, he
Having cold feet was one way of putting it. But Jessica wasn't nervous about marrying Ollie. It was everything she was going to have to give up for it. Clare nodded his head.
Jude gave a small chuckle. Clare was right. His otter looked really excited for the road trip ahead. Clarence looked at Jude again with a more serious expression and nodded.
Dean smirked at Cas's relieved face as the elevator doors 'dinged' open behind them. The man tugged the angel on board and pulled him into a tight embrace. Dean traced his hands along the back of Cas's coat and lost himself in the angel's perfect eyes. Man, how did Cas get so hot? How much time did his dad have to spend making him? A few centuries, maybe?
Of course, everyone did what Ms. Jane said and followed her into the store. There weren't many other people inside - because it was still pretty early in the morning - but Jessie didn't mind at all. She was getting to hang out with both of her favorite ladies
Jessica spun around at the sound of her name. Clarence, in his white t-shirt, black leather jacket, faded jeans, and dark boots came racing outside. He slowed down once he got Jess's attention, seeming concerned.
As if Oliver had flipped a switch, Sam's voice was suddenly low and unamused on the other end of the line.
Though Jude was worried about Clare's distant behavior, he followed him back to the bike without a word. He still loved him with all his heart and was proud to hold his hand.
Clarence's voice was so harsh and judgmental that it made Jude immediately stand up straight to give him a stern look. Clarence may have been able to go with the flow, blend into chaos, and ignore his own hunger, but Ollie couldn't. And it wasn't very fair of Clare to yell at Ollie for simply being human. Luckily, the look on Jude's face seemed to be enough to convince Clarence to change his tune. The demon guy took a breath and lightened his voice.
Dean and Cas's son timidly inched inside the room while Sam walked for the door. The man decided to hold off on brushing his teeth until later because it seemed like Jude really needed to use the bathroom. Sam reached down and ruffled Jude's chestnut hair as he passed by, feeling like he was interacting with a younger version of Dean rather than his nephew. Jude gave Sam a soft smile before darting for the toilet in his superhero pajamas.
“Actually,” the kid mumbled, bringing his eyes back to Cas, “I was thinking about inviting Michael and Adam.”
Jude was grateful that the drug dealing stranger was gone. Clarence, on the other hand, was absolutely livid. The demon spun around and his bloodshot eyes filled with fury when he saw Jude standing there.
The twins seemed content to hear that answer. They loved seeing everyone get together. Just like Jude did. When the blue Impala pulled into the bunker garage, Jude and Clare were able to see that Jessica and Oliver arrived ahead of them. Jude’s cousin and best-friend-in-law were getting out of their truck, Jessica taking extra time because of her rounded stomach. She was on the third day of her second pregnancy and shining like a golden lamp. Jude smiled at Jess through the windshield as the car rolled to a stop, but she only smirked and shook her head at him.
“That's what Sarah always said,” the teenager smiled, “One of the witches I lived with. She always kept a garden too.”
“Jude and I might,” Jessie admitted, getting everyone's attention by raising her hand a bit, “I mean, we might be able to pick him up on angel radio or something.”
Gabriel gulped hard, able to hear the sincere emotion in his husband's shaky voice. The poor kid was right. They really did vow to love and protect each other forever. Gabe glanced down at their joined hands, seeing the golden rings on their fingers. The shine from Rowena's spell had already burned out, but the amber metal still glistened in the light. Ah, dammit. Gabe couldn't say no to his moose...
The two of them smiled at each other until the sound of a loud sniffle came from the crowd. Jude looked toward the multiple seated people to his right – and quickly noticed that nearly every single one of them was crying. Especially Dad and Papa, who were hugging each other tight. The sight made Jude feel bad. Oops. He didn't mean to make everyone cry...
"You make a fair point, dear husband," Gabe allowed with a sage nod, "Alright, real coffee it is. I'll fly to Columbia and get fresh grounds myself. Wanna meet in the kitchen in ten?"
. Ever since he first tasted Jude's mouth with a kiss, Clarence knew he was going to marry him. And now that the day had finally arrived, he could barely contain himself. After only a couple of hours of sleep, Clare was up; standing in front of his dresser mirror, practicing his vows. He had to get the words just right because their love deserved nothing short of perfection. And Jude was well worth the practice.
And that was exactly what she did. Jessica's heart was telling her to stay and help her parents, but her mind and body knew better. She followed the instructions that her Papa had given her; flying her boys to the safety of Bobby's house. The four of them landed in the kitchen, where afternoon sunlight was pouring into the windows to brighten the whole place. Jude, Clare, and Ollie all gasped and looked around with huge eyes, seeming shocked but relieved that they were in a new place.
Dean gasped and quickly pulled his phone back to swipe through the next several photos, because they were all racy pictures of his boyfriend in various poses. A close up of Cas biting his lip, one of Cas curled to the side with his shirt open, one of Cas bending over to take his pants off, one of him smirking in mid-step while wearing nothing but a black thong. They were some of Dean’s favorite pictures, but he wasn’t about to let ‘King Cas’ see any of them. The thought of him and Dean being in a relationship might traumatize the guy or something. Dean’s face was as red as a stop sign by the time he got to the next decent picture.
Jessica immediately sat down the apple she had been chewing on and walked toward Sam, with Gabriel right behind her. As soon as his little family was all together out in the hallway, Sam tugged them close to whisper.
Dean smiled again. He loved hearing the excitement in his child's voice, especially when it was for something as simple as just getting to hang out together for a ride in the Impala.
“No amount of apologies could ever change what I did. Or what I didn't do,” she said, her voice cracking a little, “But I really am sorry. So sorry that I couldn't be the mother you needed -”
Hoping to make him feel better, Sam quietly stepped over to Gabriel's chair where he leaned over to nuzzle his nose between the grove of Gabe's neck and shoulder. The man pressed a few tiny kisses to the side of the archangel's warm bare neck and his loving efforts were rewarded with Gabe's hand finding its way back to cup his cheek.
“Dean. Please do not take this the wrong way… but are you feeling well?” the angel asked in the softest tone possible.
“I'm grateful to have you in my life as well, Dean,” the angel whispered as he raked his fingers through Dean's soft hair, “The magnitude of your importance to me simply cannot be matched. I love you more than words could ever say.”
The freckled faced man suddenly started to undress, undoing his belt and pants to pull them down. The bizarre action made Jessica's mouth fall open. What was he doing? Why was he taking his clothes off?
“I really didn't mean to break the glass, Papa,” Jude mumbled, his eyes dropping to their joined hands, “I didn't mean to use my grace... It jumps out on its own sometimes and I can't help it.”
Ollie jumped at all the shouting and raised his hands in defense, but narrowed his eyes toward Jess's parents.
Gabriel beamed as gasps and exclamations came from all over the room. Jaws dropped and shouts of 'no way!' and 'what?' came from various people. Rowena, however, nearly knocked Crowley over to get to the table and pull Jessica down into her tiny arms. Jude and Clare waded through the crowd to get to her side, too.
I am so sorry about Dean's behavior. :( He's really scared right now and he masks his fear with anger. (Classic Winchester trait.) But don't worry! Something sweet happens in the next chapter that will make him realize how awesome this 'situation' is. Also: why doesn't anyone question the fact that Bobby Singer has a random pregnancy test lying around his house? Lol. Hmm. Perhaps I'll have to ask him. (I have a feeling that Crowley is responsible.) ;)
Castiel blinked toward the table between them, allowing the information to settle amongst his thoughts. It was true that God demanded the discipline of men through his holy word – but it was a discipline created out of
,” Dean repeated in a growl, “He had to fight to stay alive every day. Stealing. And running. And hiding. And being
“Maybe,” he mumbled, though he sounded unconvinced, “We've, uh... We've gotta get these kids on the road, Bobby. I'll call you later, okay?”
Castiel nodded but was unable to agree with his husband. Jude’s anguish was stemming from somewhere deep within his soul. It was linked to something personal; an ache so great that it controlled his entire heart…
“I won't be alone. I'll have Clare with me,” Jude reminded, “Don't worry, guys. I'll be home before dinner tonight.”
Gabe vanished after that, leaving the rest of their family in the hallway while he went to comfort Jessie. Uncle Sam crossed his arms and hung his head, making his shaggy hair hide his sad face. Dad carefully stepped up to pat Sam on the back.
“I – I'm gonna go,” Jude said, accidentally bumping into the door frame and rubbing his arm, “I'll, um, s – see you later, Clarence.”
. They were talking about Cas. Oh, God, that guy was right. Cas was going to be so pissed if Dean wasn’t in that storage room when he came back...
marriage with Gabriel. Yes, there were fights – many of which started because Gabe got restless and felt the urge to be a trickster... But there was so much more to marriage than just a few arguments. Love was the foundation of their marriage, but it was also built with compassion, forgiveness, understanding, and the willingness to let someone else be right sometimes. It was a constant give and take. And, in the end, both of them were better for it. Sam knew that he was a better person because of Gabriel's companionship and everything they had been through together. By now, Gabriel was literally the other half of Sam's soul. Marriage defined their relationship in the best possible way... and it could be that way for Jessica and Oliver, too.
No matter how much Dean protested or fought against his boyfriend’s hold, he couldn’t reach the king. The king was a statue, wearing the softest, most peaceful expression Dean had ever seen. It was almost like he wanted to stay, but why?! There was nothing left for him here! Why couldn’t he just come back home with Dean?!
Just as he finished putting on his shoes and stood up to grab his suit jacket, Ollie's cell phone rang. The ringtone was a cheesy Darth Vader theme song and Oliver nearly groaned out loud at the sound. Ugh, it was his dad. Why was he calling so early this morning? It wasn't to congratulate him, that's for sure. Though Ollie was tempted to just ignore the call, he sighed with defeat and tossed his jacket back on the bed. He reached over to pick up the phone and glared at it for a minute before answering.
“Oh, Cas. Don’t ever change, man,” Dean hummed as he wiped the tear of laughter from the corner of his eye.
“I'm sorry, okay?” Dean said loudly over top of Meg's panicky voice, “I shouldn't have told you about Clarence. It wasn't my place to talk about it. And I didn't mean to make you upset.”
“If you ever call my kid an abomination again, I'll drown you in a lake of holy water and bury you under a mountain of rock salt,” he warned in a harsh tone.
Jessica smiled and gently swiveled around on her bar stool. She loved getting advice from older females, especially the ones so close to her heart... Jess fiddled with a napkin on the counter and smiled at the bar tender before asking her aunt a question that had been bugging her.
The hem of Jess's red and orange dress flowed around in the breeze as she raced over to join in with the other kids. Gabriel's heart swelled with pride when he saw the other kids welcome her to the group. The archangel glanced at the man beside him to see if he was aware of how welcome their daughter was here and saw absolute bliss in Sammy's eyes. The kid was staring after Jess in a happy daze, as if he was relieved to see her being treated like a normal little girl...
“He's in room 15, in a motel outside Memphis, Tennessee,” Jessica blurted, pointing to the journal page, “It says so right here. Please, uncle Cas, we need to speak to him. He's the only one of us who has actually caught a warlock before! Don't you want to help Crowley?”
“Come now, Lucifer, you already know the answer to this riddle,” Michael murmured, “Even in the early days between Eden and Egypt, our Father only appeared to those who believed in him. Those who trusted and cared for him. Do you really think he would choose to appear before those of us who have caused such devastation and sin to his perfect Creation?”
Dean and Sam shared a brief look of confusion and shock before Sam brought his attention back to his daughter.
“Ditto,” Dean agreed, grinning as he reached up to pat Jude's shoulder, “You'd give Dr. Sexy a run for his money.”
Knowing they only had fifteen minutes, Sam wasted no time sliding both hands around Gabriel's warm torso and lifting him up to turn around. Sam's intention was to press Gabe's back against the wet wall of the shower so that the guy could bounce up and down more easily. But when Sam went to move closer to the wall, he accidentally slipped on a soapy bath toy – and fell backward with Gabe in his arms. The man gasped and grabbed onto the shower curtain, hoping it would help break their fall. But the thin plastic sheet tore away from the metal rod one hook at a time, filling the room with a fast '
“Oh, just a little place I like to go and have fun from time to time. A place to drink and sing. Though, it's not your average karaoke bar,” she admitted, “This one has a little more... flare.”
Something about the angel must of made her feel safe, because the little girl instantly dashed to him. She dove inside his trench coat to cling to one of his legs, hugging him fiercely as she buried her face into his waist. Cas glanced up at Dean with confusion, probably wondering the kid was clinging to him. But Dean didn't have an answer for the angel. To be honest, Dean was just as confused.
A long time? Why would this kid be part of their lives for so long? There was no reason for him to be in so many of Jessica's dreams... unless the unthinkable happened...
A smile slowly stretched across Sam's lips as he gazed into his archangel's face. It seemed like God had been listening to Gabriel all along. Moisture started to pool in Gabe's eyes the longer they stared at each other. And Sam wanted to comfort his archangel and let him know that it was okay to get emotional over his Dad – but a teeny-tiny knock came from the bathroom door.
With his fire-orange hair tossing around in the cool evening breeze, Ollie put on a soft smile and took a step back, quietly waiting for Jess to fly. After wiping the corners of her mouth with her jacket sleeve, Jess took the time to stare up at her lovely husband and admire him for an extra second. Ollie was so patient and sweet. No one else would put up with Jess and her crazy life like the red-haired boy from the playground... Jess embraced her new husband with a soft hug before using her grace to transport them back to their hotel room a few miles away.
Her voice was raspy, as if she had been sobbing for a while, but Jude understood her question. He was glad to finally be able to take her warm hand.
“I’m so damn proud of you, Jude,” he said, his voice shakier than he intended, “You’re a good man. A good husband. A good father. And the best damn son anybody could ask for. I want you to know that.”
After they were parked, Dean and Sam sneaked a few guns out of the false bottom of the trunk. As they casually armed themselves, Sam picked up one of the scrolls of paper near the edge of the trunk and rolled it open. It was Jessica's map – the one Dean got for her in place of a baby book – and it was almost as colorful as Jude's. At least fourteen different states had been colored in and labeled by Sam and Gabriel, describing how old she was and what she had been doing when they traveled there. Feeling nostalgic, Dean grabbed Jude's map and opened it up, too. Seeing all of Jude's precious memories laid out on paper made Dean miss the little guy like crazy.
Again, Sam acted like he didn't hear Dean speaking. He just chewed up his food and swallowed it, staring at Gabriel as if the archangel was a gift from God. Dean glared at the interaction. Why wouldn't Sam acknowledge him? Why wouldn't he look at his brother? Or Cas?
“Sammy,” Dean began, “Dude, we've been through this. We've both gotta loosen up on the parental reigns. I'm letting Jude drive all the way to Bobby's house, so you need to leave Jessica and Oliver alone -”
Because Gabriel was pretty sure that Darkness was going to kill him, and he wouldn't be able to help her if he was dead.
It seemed like Meg didn't realize the question was directed at her until Cas and Dean both looked toward her. Meg blinked several times before gesturing toward her own chest.
“But what about doctor appointments?” Jane interrupted Papa to ask, “Will we do an ultra sound, Gabriel? How will we know if the baby is growing okay? Or if it's a boy or girl?”
The older Winchester gave a slight wave to the younger before heading back out into the main part of the motel room. Cas, Gabe, Jessica, and Jude were all sitting at the cluttered table by the wall with Dickie nearby. Gabriel and Jude were leaning far across the table to watch Jessica, who was holding Cas's hand down in her lap. Dean stepped closer to see what was happening and realized that Jess was painting the poor guy's nails. Cas's entire left hand was covered in blue, pink, and green nail polish, and his right hand was currently being done in purple. The angel just sat there with his head tilted while his niece dolled him up.
Clare shook his head once. For a second, he seemed pleased to be speaking so freely to his father. But then, a touch of anger seeped back into his features; as if he was waking himself up from a fantasy to focus on reality. He raised his head a bit higher and cleared his throat.
“I'll take that for you, Cas. Gracias,” Jane smiled, gently taking the gift from the angel's hand to place it on the table with the others, “Say, how did you and Dean meet?”
Castiel looked to Dean, who sighed with exhaustion before reaching down to grab the luggage with ease. Luckily, the man did not seem persuaded by the woman's figure, nor her overly dramatic weakness. He simply helped her as if it was another job to do, giving Castiel a subtle nod in the process. Still, Castiel felt a strange tangle of discomfort in his stomach as he watched his husband aid the stranger in their home. Cas did not like this arrangement at all...
A million things flew through her mind – from the incident at the lounge, to finding out about Clare's dad, to helping uncle Crowley, to going back in time and meeting her grandpa John, to making a ritual to catch a warlock. So many things had happened! How was Jessica supposed to tell him all those things?
Before Dean could even open his mouth, he caught sight of Crowley's glare across the grill. The demon was obviously daring him to spill the beans. But, hey. Dean didn't take orders from Crowley. Especially when those orders involved not saying something to his angelic husband. Throughout their entire marriage, Dean never lied to Cas, and he wasn't about to start now. The restaurant they were in, however, was not the place to discuss it.
– could ever replace you. Dean, I only have one heart, and it has been in your possession ever since I fell from grace and into your arms. No one can take it from you. I fall in love with you again and again
Still nothing. Dean’s heart hammered in his chest as he glanced down to see Cas’s coat strap still in his hand. The long piece of fabric suddenly was the most precious thing in his possession. It was the only familiar thing he had in this strange new land, and it was bound to be his best companion until he made it back to the person it belonged to. To keep it safe, Dean quickly slid up his jacket sleeve and started wrapping it around his forearm. He kept a look out as he worked, making sure that he wasn’t being sneaked up on in the process. He used his mouth and right hand to tie it off at the end, after which he slid his sleeve back over it protectively and reached to get the pistol out of his waistband.
Now, after receiving the first dose of Rowena's herbal healing medicine, Crowley was much more calm and reserved. Bobby and Clare had transferred him to the couch in the study and made him as comfortable as possible. The black wound on his stomach still looked awful – and was still spreading to the rest of his torso, but at a much slower pace. Rowena was kneeling next to him on the floor, constantly changing the dressings on his wound and feeding him some kind of green smoothie. Clare and Bobby were both walking back and forth from the room, bringing Rowena everything she needed to keep Crowley from being in too much pain. The sight of them working so hard to keep the poor guy alive made Jess feel even worse. All of this could have been avoided if she had just got rid of Caldwell when she had the chance. All she had to do was snap her damn fingers and the guy would have turned into dust. Why didn't she do it?
A tiny giggle escaped Jess's smiling lips. Ollie was such an adorable nerd. Jessie loved him so much... Though Dickie was still in her arms, Jess reached out with her free hand to pull Ollie in for a kiss. The intimate heat from their earlier 'motel stay' reignited in Jess's stomach, causing her to kiss him deeper and pull her closer. She didn't want to let him go. She wanted to stand there with Ollie forever. But the house trembled with another small Earth tremor and their lips broke apart. Jess closed her eyes and rested her forehead against Ollie's. No matter what happened out there, she knew one thing for sure.
It was a yellow shine that came from his hand and it startled him. At first, he thought his grace was still lingering outside his vessel. It took a second of staring for the archangel to realize that the light wasn't coming from his hand, but from the ring on his finger. The band was blaring like a beacon, glowing golden yellow. And as soon as he saw the divine light emitting from his ring – his
. Sam couldn't deny that his daughter had a talent for dressing people up and making them look their best.
“So, we're gonna have to catch the bastard and make him break it,” Dad concluded wearily, “Sammy, come and help me search these books. We've gotta figure out a way to catch this asshole.”
was the guy Dean's little brother was currently banging. This was the shrimp who had Sammy wrapped around his crooked little finger. Dean didn't know what the hell Sam saw in him. The dude wasn't even tall enough to ride the roller coasters at Sea World for God's sake! Sammy was way better off sticking to chicks.
Her voice was lower and more gravelly than Gabe remembered, like some of her vocal cords were damaged. But her question just made him smile. Ah, it always felt kind of nice to be one step ahead of the bad guys for once.
Jessica couldn't hold back her giggle. It was so cute to see Ollie trying so hard to impress her. Especially when the truth was that he had always been impressive.
Everyone turned to look at Jude, which made his cheeks grow red with heat. But he kept his eyes on Clarence, who seemed eager to hear why he was so animated.
Jessie bit down a sudden moan. Just hearing Oliver talk about putting himself inside of her body made her ache with lust.
Castiel only narrowed his eyes. The book was overdue? Overdue for what? After regaining his composure from the flight, Jude eventually let go of Castiel and chuckled in agreement. But Cas was lost. How could a book be overdue? Before he could ask the children what they meant, a voice called to them from Bobby's back porch.
“Yes,” Castiel carefully admitted, “But that was many years ago. Clarence has become a fine young man -”
“Maybe its because Superman wears his underwear on the outside,” Dean mentioned, giving a subtle wink.
Jessica nodded her head a bit, making her blonde curls slide around her shoulders. She was so much older now than she was then. The difference made Sam swallow harshly and look back down. He could already feel the hot tears trying to swell in his eyes as he twisted his fingers together.
Crowley appeared to accept Dean's sarcasm for honesty. The demon finally opened the door – where the man who Crowley tossed out of the men's room in mid-piss was walking out of the women's room. He kept his head down as he zoomed passed the demon and the hunter, probably too scared or embarrassed to look them in the eye.
“Come on, moose,” Gabe smiled, rounding the car to hold out his hand, “Let's go make small talk with the nice lady like normal people do.”
Jess gave her a nod of appreciation before starting toward the far side of the room. None of the angels were allowed to leave the cabin, because Meg and the boys were outside getting wards put up. But Jessica figured that she could at least see Oliver from the window. Luckily, she spotted the red hair just outside against the dark. Ollie was glancing back and forth between the side of the cabin and the phone in his hand, probably trying to copy the symbols of a ward from an online source with spray paint. Jess carefully lifted the window up near him and stuck her head outside.
The strangest look grew across Metatron's face. His eyebrows furrowed, his mouth turned downward, and his eyes filled with confusion.
“Strong and capable. Easy on the eyes as well,” she continued anyway, flashing Crowley a smirk, “Have you taken him for a ride yet, Fergus?”
Clare was actually surprised by the stern tone he heard come out of his fiance's mouth. Damn, Jude sounded like a boss just now. Where had all that authority and righteous force been hiding? Jude turned on his heel and walked out of the room, gently tugging Clare along behind him. The demon glanced back to see that Meg had stuck her hands in her pockets and was following them without a fight.
Impala. Her dark blue paint and chrome rims glistened invitingly in the sunlight, silently reminding him that a welcoming space was just within arm's reach. When Jude opened the driver's side door and sat down, he took the deepest breath he could muster, filling his lungs with the sweet scent of home. The warm atmosphere took away some of his embarrassment, but didn't quash it completely. Man, he just wasn't cut out for this 'interview' business... Jude put the key in the ignition and started up his car just as uncle Sam sat down in the passenger seat.
“Hey, Jane! Hey, Ollie!” Gabe sang, inching around Sam to greet their guests with a radiant smile, “It's great to see you guys. Glad you were able to find the place.”
As soon as Dean reclaimed his seat next to Cas, the angel immediately leaned over with frenzied blue eyes to look him over.
“Yeah. Asmodeus captured him after…” Dean stopped, realizing, “Wait, was Gabriel here, too? Did he try to help you stop the apocalypse?”
Everyone in the room watched Jude tilt the bottle up and drink everything inside. Jessie figured that it was some kind of potion, just from the fancy bottle and shimmering fluid. It all disappeared from the bottle as Jude gulped, and by the time he lowered his head and blinked around, he had stopped crying. A new look started to surface on his face; one of calmness and determination. His blue eyes found Clare's again and a sweet smile lifted on his mouth.
“You two are gonna earn yourselves a night in the basement if you don't cut it out,” the old man warned.
Jude nearly gasped at the sound of Clarence's voice. The teenager spun around again at the unexpected interruption to see Clarence standing in the doorway. The blonde guy was still wearing his holey black t-shirt and ripped jeans, but his hair was so much smoother and cleaner than Jude remembered. His cheeks were pink, eyes were clear, and lips were actually moist for once. Clarence looked healthy. The demon smiled a little when he met eyes with Jude across the room.
Seeing the fresh blood on his bed made Jude gulp and feel strangely queasy. Did Clarence do that on purpose? Did he really want Jude to punch him? Was he trying to see how strong Jude really was by getting him to fight? Why didn't he just ask to see his grace or something instead of insulting Jude's parents like that?! At this point, Jude didn't care whether Clarence was in his room or not. He just needed to get away from him. Without looking up, Jude gathered the rest of his bedclothes and stomped out of his room, leaving the demon behind.
The excited tone that Jess used made a smile float across Charlie’s adorable face. She instantly started to babble ‘Ju-ju-ju-ju’ over and over. Ollie climbed over their unmade bed to grab his cell phone from the nightstand before waving at the girls on his way out. Jess waved back until he was out of sight. Then, she turned to the closet and took a large breath. The mere thought of leaving the bunker made her skin crawl. But she didn’t have to think about that at the moment. Right now, all she had to think about was dolling up her firstborn child.
together, on their first night of being married! There was an even tinier, babier bunny inside Jessie's stomach! She was going to be a
After Gabe's request, Sam's long arms slid around his back and held him close. The man turned his head and found the angel's lips in the dark to kiss him gingerly. Gabe closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation of their hot tongues rubbing together. Wow. Of all the drinks Gabe had that night, Sam's kiss was the most intoxicating. When his lips slowly pulled away, Sam's fingers found their way to Gabe's hair and raked through it.
Dean shook his head but smiled. He couldn't get over how oddly entertaining his family was. A dog that wore bow ties and went on dates with a moose? Toddlers that could make rainbows appear in the sky and explode laundromats? Yeah, his life was strange and amazing – and he loved every second of it.
“I see,” Cas breathed, “So, the person responsible for recently kidnapping demons... could be Clarence's biological father?”
Clare’s heart skipped a beat when Jude’s eyes met his across the kitchen. Holy shit! Cas knew what gender their baby was!
“No,” Dean said, carefully getting to his feet. “We thought he was dead, too. But he was actually captured by Asmodeus. The dude kept him locked up in Hell and was siphoning his grace for years. He didn’t break out until recently. At least, that’s how it is in the world I came from.”
Jude held still as he felt his angelic father's grace light up against each side of his head. The pain and sensitivity to sounds and light slowly faded away, leaving him feeling much better. Wow, Pop was so good at that. Was there anything he couldn't heal?
The little boy laid his cards down and climbed out of his seat to walk across the hotel room and get to Jessie. He could see her face when he rounded the end of the bed and it made him worried. Her eyes were closed but her nose was all scrunched up and she was moving around a lot. She must have been having a bad dream.
After giving Oliver's mom one more glance to make sure she was sleeping peacefully on the sofa, Jessie took Ollie by the hand and led him into the kitchen with the rest of the guys. Rowena was hard at work at the table, cycling through old books and combing through the objects in her large bag. When Bobby handed off the globe to Crowley, another mild tremor shook the house, making everyone cling to the nearest person. Jessie briefly closed her eyes and held tight to Ollie's arm, wishing it would all just go away. The shaking eventually stopped and Crowley positioned the globe on the counter near the fridge.
Again, Caldwell paused to take a breath. He seemed exasperated by Clare's repeated defense of the king of Hell.
"What? You're actually going to look for that broad?" Gabriel asked, sounding surprised, "Her son was born addicted to drugs! She doesn't sound much like 'mommy' material."
“N – No, Jess. I wasn't hurting Papa,” Sam tried to explain, briefly meet eyes with Gabriel, “We were... we were just...”
Jude's eyebrows scrunched together as he looked from Crowley back to Clarence. Reservations? Jude hadn't heard of any reservations...
“No matter what happens, you've got to know where your buddy is at all times,” he reinforced, “So if you can't find any of us, you at least have your buddy. Now, if something
thread. You’d think our grandchildren were royalty or something… Which, technically, they are,” he allowed with a head tilt, “But still. The children will outgrow those clothes faster than she can make them.”
Gabe leaned back so that he could look at Sam properly. The momentary glow of a firefly briefly lit the side of his handsome face, making him look extra soft.
“Uncle Dean,” Jessica called, leaning around Jude to see Dean properly, “Can I read a Deadpool comic?”
“Aww, Clarey, don't you go doin' that to me. I can't get all weepy yet. The cocks haven't even crowed,” Rowena grumbled, though she was already blubbering up.
From a small distance in the dim light, Gabriel could see Naomi loitering near the wall. She looked the same as she did before, burn scars and all. But she didn't do anything when she came in. She only stood there and stared vacantly at the cage. Gabe was kind of glad that she was back, though. He was going to tell her to bring Jude some water.
as a vessel – was enough to make the archangel sick to his stomach. No. If Lucifer was going to try to use Sam, Gabriel didn't want him out of that cage. Luci was Gabe's brother and he loved him, but his freedom wasn't worth Sam's life.
"Hey, Ollie! Nice costume," Jessie complimented, even though she had probably already seen it in a dream.
“'Morning, kiddos!” he sang in his usual cheery voice, rounding Jude's chair to get to his daughter, “Wow, baby-rabbit, you are rockin' that sweater! Isn't that the one that I bought you?”
After watching Jessica fly the teenagers away in the dark, Gabriel turned his focus on the rest of the family. Through the blur of shadow and quaking Earth, he scooped Dickie up and shoved him into the arms of the nearest person. In the meantime, Gabriel could feel wind picking up again. It was violently blowing him backward, pushing him toward some kind of vacuum. Shit, he didn't have anytime left! The end was nigh! Death wasn't just knocking at the door, it was barging in to get Gabe.
“It's good to meet you, too,” Adam hummed, backing up so that he could look at her, “Michael's told me all about you and everything you did to help us. And it's nice to finally put a face with the name 'Jessica.”
face looked worried too. His lips were droopy and his eyes were big. Poor Papa looked so upset. Why was he so sad? Jude let go of Daddy and stepped over to hug Papa, digging both hands under his tan coat and smelling his pretty smell. Papa's arms circled Jude back.
Oliver giggled and rushed inside, bouncing along like a fox pup in the forest. Sam felt an odd twinge of betrayal went he heard the absolute giddiness in Gabe's voice. How could Gabe be so chummy with the kid that was destined to put his mouth on their daughter?
Sam quickly smashed their mouths together again before spinning around to press Gabriel flat to the wall. He usually enjoyed hearing Gabriel's flirty comments during sex, but they didn't have time for talking now. Blood was gushing towards Sam's crotch, making his dick hard enough to bulge against his tight jeans. He really hoped that Gabriel was ready to go, because he didn't know how long he would be able to last. Sam's hand slipped down between them to grab a handful of Gabriel's crotch and squeeze the fabric, making the archangel groan loudly.
, before slowly lowering his head to press their mouths together. Jude was suddenly drowning in a new kiss; being swept away by the sweet taste of Clare's mouth and the smell of his soft hair. The flames in Jude's stomach raged like a wildfire, heating his entire body from the inside out. Jude closed his eyes to indulge in the moment, feeling his heart race and goosebumps rise on his skin. Their kiss seemed to go on forever and ever. Jude wasn't sure how long he was wrapped up in it until Clarence gently pulled back to smile at him again.
“They're okay, Oliver. I promise. They're just asleep,” Daddy answered, patting Ollie's arm, “Mr. Gabe is going to come and – ”
He shoved the car seat box out of his lap and quickly climbed to his feet before darting for the backdoor. Dean briefly caught sight of everyone's confused faces as he blurred passed them, but his feet wouldn't stop moving. His fight-or-flight sense had suddenly kicked in and he needed to get the hell out of there. He needed a second to be alone and breathe; to talk himself down and get rid of his father's patronizing voice. The man shoved his way outside and stumbled into Bobby's salvage yard, where he wandered off toward a random stack of cars.
Jude smiled and glanced between his parents as he held onto the steering wheel, pulling a classic 'Dean' pose while he batted his 'Cas' colored eyes...
“Not as good as you,” Meg mumbled, taking in his entire outfit, “Looks like you're headed to a red carpet somewhere.”
With the smell of Cas's scent potent in Dean's nose, the man closed the distance between their mouths, forcing their lips to touch and tongues to slather. Dean savored the kiss, knowing he was going to have to watch the angel disappear soon. The taste of Cas's mouth was already sending jolts toward Dean's crotch. It still amazed Dean, how just a single kiss from Cas could get a boner started in his pants every damn time. Did Cas have magic 'erection' powers that he didn't know about or something? Shit, Dean could practically feel the veins in his dick filling up. The man forced himself to pull back before he turned any harder.
“Me too, kid,” he agreed, his golden eyes glancing downward, “Now toss some clothes on that gorgeous body of yours so we can go tuck our glitter-maker into bed.”
“Now that Darkness has been vanquished, there are only two beings left in all creation that can’t be touched by celestial grace. One is laying in front of us,” he explained, gesturing to Death at their feet, “And the other is –”
” Papa exclaimed, looking equal parts excited and terrified, “Oh my Dad, okay! Okay, okay, okay, okay! Be calm! Stay calm!”
Cas closed his eyes again, letting his head rest heavily in Dean's hands. Dean watched his angel think, hoping and wishing that he could somehow make Cas feel better.
“Who do I look like? Rosa Parks?” the archangel scoffed, shaking his sticky head, “You can't tell me where to sit, bub.”
It was all she could think to say. She really hoped that Jane understood what she was talking about. Luckily, the lovely Hispanic lady smiled a little and reached out to pat Jessie's shoulder.
Cas reached up to hold Dean's head as their mouths danced, wishing to coddle him further. In response, Dean's hands found their way to the front of Castiel's white shirt and held on tight. The man stepped forward, causing the angel's legs to bump against the bed and make them gently topple onto the mattress behind them. Their mouths disconnected for a moment but rejoined when Dean crawled up to hover over Cas's body. His hands were tugging at Castiel's white shirt again, delicately undoing each button with steady precision. After swirling his tongue around Cas's, Dean's mouth eventually broke free and began a slow decent down the angel's neck. In the meantime, Castiel clung to Dean's broad shoulders and bit down a few noises of approval. He was certain that this lusty embrace was headed toward intercourse.
The man blinked down at the archangel's pretty face as he hammered into him, admiring his wet lips, damp blonde hair, and wide golden eyes. Gabriel was so damn handsome; so gorgeous and petite. And he was so loving. Sam didn't know where he would be without Gabe's constant playfulness and encouragement. Emotions swirled inside Sam's pounding heart, fueling the erection that was currently penetrating Gabriel's warm body. Sam had never experienced so many feelings during sex before. He never knew that sex could be so damn emotional; so extremely
– so sweet to each other. Always kissing and holding hands and saying how much they love each other.”
for his niece. He, too, remembered what it was like to find out about the gender of his child. Being pregnant with Jude was an experience that Castiel would treasure forever, and he knew that Jessica would feel the same way.
With a sudden rustle of wings, the angel was gone. Dean blinked into the open hotel room, panting breathlessly.
Jude gasped and spun around to look in the direction of the deep, purring voice behind him. Clarence was standing near the entrance of the library, wearing his usual jeans, t-shirt, and black leather jacket. His shaggy blonde hair was combed to one side, which accentuated his lovely green-ish brown eyes. A genuine smile burst across Jude's face as he gazed at his fiance. Finally! Clare was back!
Though he seemed visibly confused by Gabe's sexy dress, fishnet stockings, and crooked top hat, Sam still humored the archangel by sliding onto their bed. Once Sammy was close enough, Gabe lazily tossed an arm and a leg over his torso, hugging him sideways on the mattress. That Sam-only smell was extra potent, now. The kid was so warm, and smelled so good, and was so unbelievably
Castiel could feel a blush appearing on his own cheeks. Perhaps Dean was proud of his choice of food. Or, rather,
Tonight, however, Jude was surprised to find his own bedroom completely empty. He half expected Clare to be lounging on his bed, waiting patiently for Jude to get home so that they could cuddle. But the handsome demon wasn't in the bedroom. Jude had walked through most of the bunker and there was no sign of Clare at all. Where did the demon go? Did he drop off Jess's bachelorette party and Jude's car and just go home? While questions pestered his mind, Jude shuffled over and turned on his Batman nightlight. The warm, soft yellow glow illuminated the bed – and the small trinkets on the pillow. Clare's stuffed otter, who he affectionately named 'Cotter the Otter', was sitting next to Jude's car keys and a small paper note. Jude finished shrugging out of his jacket before picking up the note to read Clare's messy handwriting.
“And after a few cups 'o tea and a wee bit of arguing – mostly on Fergie's part,” Rowena mentioned, giving Crowley a nudge.
When it started turning dark outside, Sam and Gabe eventually wandered off to their own room with Bobby right behind them. Dean brushed his teeth and stripped down to a t-shirt and underwear before crawling into bed beside Cas. The angel was already laying on the couch bed, holding his glowing stomach with both hands and staring down at it with wonder. Dean smirked as he watched Cas stare at his own ever-growing belly with studious blue eyes. He loved it when curiosity took over Cas's expression like that. Dean loved it when Cas was totally astounded by something, and the fact that he was now astounded by
– calm. Clarence only turned back to look at his mother, whose attention was solely focused on Cas. The blue-eyed angel stared back at her with a compassionate and caring look.
John smiled a little and nodded, before waving and finally closing the door. With the light from the motel room gone, Jude finally turned to face his cousin, who had also teared up. She sniffled and looked down at the book in her hand, which was shaking a little with her fingers.
ago! Dean and Cas were praying their asses off to you and you just, what? Show up after the dust clears to tell him 'good job'? What the hell, Dad!
Gabe and the giant moose attached to his side both loitered in the kitchen doorway and listened. But the more Gabriel heard Jude relive their time in the cage, the more he was haunted by it. Of course he felt sorry for all of his innocent dead siblings; the ones who were just trying to do some good for humanity, just like their Father told them to. And, even though he was a cruel, heartless, evil bastard, Gabriel kind of felt bad about Raphael. Gabe wished that there was some way he could have talked his brother out of going crazy. Gabe liked to think that if he had stayed in Heaven, none of this would have happened. But he knew it wasn't true. Heaven was doomed from the moment his Father left.
“Chillax, old man. I'll fix it in the morning,” Gabriel said, hopping onto the bed on the right and tugging on Sam's hand, “Get over here, peach. Come and lay that pretty head down next to mine.”
Another hard, swift punch connected with the right side of Dean's jaw and he practically heard one of his own teeth crack. His mind went fuzzy and his sight turned blurry for a second while his brain rattled around in his skull. But he eventually shook it off and spat out the blood that was pooling in his mouth before raising his eyes to look up at the angel who had given him the hard punch.
“Thank you, Jude,” Michael breathed, sounding on the verge of tears again as he pat the back of Jude’s hand, “I am truly grateful that you are alive.”
. Oh God! It was happening so fast! Dad and Papa must have seen the color drain from her face in real time, because their smiles dimmed and they quickly got on either side of her.
In the middle of Michael's speech, Jessica felt something take hold of her legs and wings. It wasn't an actual hand; more of a pulling sensation, as if she was being absorbed by a vacuum. She shrieked out loud and tried to kick away whatever had her, because she was slowly falling out of the sky again. But when she looked back, all she could see was Darkness. And a deep, faint voice whispered on the air.
“I don’t ever want to live in a world without you, Cas. I tried it, and it’s definitely not for me,” Dean explained, carefully sliding the angel back down to stand him on his feet and take his hand. “Look, I don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow, or the next day, or any day after. All I know is that being without you isn’t an option. And, well, marriage is, um, it’s a human thing. I don’t know if you understand what I’m asking. I just want – ”
Dean gulped down the bitter comeback that he wanted to give Gabriel and turned to watch his little brother sit at the table. How was he doing? It was pretty clear that Sam was genuinely concerned about how Dean was coping with this situation, but Dean didn't know how to answer Sammy's question. After a second of mindless scrambling, Dean forced himself to shrug and gesture toward Cas.
The demon only glared at him before shoving him ahead. Dean stumbled forward into a room, barely catching his balance on a nearby desk. He turned around to look at the demon, who was already closing the door behind him.
A tidal wave of relief swept over Jess's heart when the sound of Jude's voice echoed to her. He was there! Jude heard her, and now he was coming to get her! But she still couldn't see him. The dark cocoon shifted around again, sounding like a ship scratching against an underwater rock. The deep voice spoke again, but she couldn't understand what it was saying. It sounded like some ancient, language; a jumble of vowels and letters. But she did catch the last sentence – because, surprisingly, it was spoken in perfect English.
“No,” Bobby denied, shooting Gabe a glare, “Hunting stuff. Crowley's been helping me track down a nest of vampires out west.”
Clarence's blood ran cold in his veins. His eyes, starting to flood with tears, were frozen; locked on the hateful man in front of him. There was a time that being called those cruel names didn't even affect Clare. But when it was said like
While Sam and Gabe stood and talked with their baby bunny, Gabe noticed that Castiel had picked Jude up and started walking toward them. There was a serious look in the seraph's eyes, like he was getting desperate about his son's situation. And all his acute attention was directed toward his older brother.
“I came to make sure you were okay, Dean,” the angel replied, wincing again, “and Gabriel wanted me to show you this.”
“Oh, I know she is, Jude. That lil' rabbit is one tough girl. I bet she's helping everyone look for us, too,” the archangel replied, staring down at the top of Jude's spiky brown hair.
The angel was slowly edging forward, taking deliberate steps to walk a slow circle around Dean. The man swallowed harshly again, feeling like a school boy being appraised by a strict teacher. Oh God, wasn't that every man's fantasy? To be punished by a school teacher? Hmm, maybe Cas would spank him with a ruler, too. As Cas carefully rounded him, Dean stole a glance at the angel's backside. Cas's pale round cheeks were heavenly, shifting seductively against one another with each of his steps. Dean could feel the jolts of arousal shooting faster toward his own crotch just from the mere sight of Cas's bare ass. In the back of his mind, Dean made a quick mental note to thank Gabriel for the thong.
“Uhh,” Sam uttered, unsure of what Gabriel was getting at, “They smell like cotton candy, just like you. Why? Can't you smell them?”
Uh... *holds out box of tissues* you might want to take one of these just in case. This chapter is full of emotional plot and feels. Good luck! :) I'll see you at the end!
As Castiel opened his mouth to state his delight concerning Gabriel and Sam's relationship, the door to room 69b was opening again. Both angels turned toward it, watching to see which Winchester would walk out first. Castiel secretly hoped to see both of them exit in a joyful mood, but he knew the notion was reaching. It was only Sam who backed out of the room, still only wearing a pair of strange underwear. The younger sibling left the door cracked open as he faced the angels and began to walk toward them. Where was Dean? Would he be wearing the same look of weariness that Sam's expression held?
Jessica skipped merrily back to her daddy and wiggled both of her arms in the air, wanting to be picked up again. Sam noticed that Dickie was by their side when he scooped his daughter into his arms. The little bow-tie-wearing hump-machine was eagerly following them around as if he already knew that they were going to meet his owner. He pranced directly behind Sam as the man made his way toward the door.
“Yeah. Until every kid in his kindergarten class starts calling him 'Judy,' and then he'll be stuck with a girl's name forever,” Gabriel mumbled.
Castiel also gasped in surprise. From the way Dean's eyelids fluttered, his hips thrust erratically, and the sight of the growing spot of wetness on his jeans, it appeared as though Dean had reached a sudden orgasm. The man moaned and swayed around for a second, panting heavily and blinking repeatedly at Castiel's face. The angel observed his husband, finding it astonishing that he could have an orgasm while fully clothed. Castiel thought that perhaps Dean's lustful urges would subside now that he had finished. Perhaps the spell would be rendered ineffective.
“I have been craving some guacamole and chips,” she hummed, starting to walk away, “I might even have myself a Margarita before I go back to work -”
Ollie glanced shamefully at Jude before going over to kneel by his bed and pull something out from underneath. It was a small black book bag that seemed kind of old. The straps were frayed and the zipper was bent. And when Ollie stood back up, he had a really embarrassed and worried look on his face.
“Because I knew that you would raise him the right way, of course,” Chuck answered, “And Sam and Gabe? They're doing a great job with Jess, too. I couldn't think of any more loving, devoted parents than you guys... Jude and Jess are gonna do great things, Dean. Just wait and see.”
Castiel gulped as he stared down at his angelic brother. Even with all of the wedding plans distracting them, as well as the strangers taking up residence in their home, Gabriel had given Dean and Castiel the small gift of time to themselves. The archangel could have stopped it before it even began, but he didn't. Because he wanted Castiel and Dean to have a lovely evening. And it
“Dean, what are we doing?” Castiel asked in an urgent whisper, secretly enjoying the sensation of having his front pressed against Dean's, “I thought this dance belonged to Jude and Clarence.”
Everyone turned to look up at the main door of the bunker beyond the balcony and Sam could feel anxiety beginning to creep back into his chest. Uh-oh. Was that Jane? Was she there to drop Oliver off already? But no one had even eaten breakfast yet! Why was everything happening all at once today? Was it a Tuesday or something?
Once standing, the man eventually found his way to the back of the Impala where he popped open the trunk and dove his hands inside. He was searching blindly for a bottle of whiskey amongst the numerous guns and ammo. He knew that there was an entire bottle of Jack Daniels tossed back there somewhere and he was bound and determined to drink the whole thing in one go. The only way he could ever find some peace was by drowning his emotions – and his father – in alcohol.
Not only did this bunker have a massive study and too many rooms to count – but a car garage?! It was everything Dean ever wanted! Hell, it was
The mention of food seemed to perk Jessica up. Her head eventually raised from Oliver's chest and she blinked around, wiping her eyes again and sniffling the rest of her tears away.
“Jess, I – I'm really sorry, I know you came all this way to see me, but I've gotta go,” he admitted, his tone much more disappointed and sad than when he was talking to his father.
Sam nodded slowly, grimacing. The swarm of painful insects in Dean's chest seemed to be growing and multiplying, spreading out though his body like a buzzing cloud of rage. As he stood staring at his little brother, Dean's emotions began to over-take his reasoning. That manipulating, two-faced bastard! How
A louder, much more frantic scream escaped Jess's mouth as she struggled against the force that was carrying her away. No! The Darkness thought that she was her Papa! It was calling her 'golden light!' What was it trying to do to her?! Before she could call for her cousin and uncles, Jessica was completely surrounded in Darkness.
Though Jude was visibly intimidated by the lounge, he put his head down and followed Dean into the belly of the beast. And Sam was right behind them, flashing one of his many fake IDs at the bouncers on his way in. The place was blaring with loud music and the lights were so dim that Sam could barely see where he was going. How the hell were they supposed to find Oliver? Though he was momentarily stunned by the noisy atmosphere, Sam did his best to follow his brother and nephew. With Jude at his side, Dean paused to survey the place. Sam copied them, trying his best to avoid making eye contact with the few naked women dancing on the stage in the middle of the room.
She forced one of her hands into Ollie's soft hair and the other up his shirt to feel along his warm skin. Ollie's smile slipped a little and he looked around bashfully at all the people near them, but Jess was too distracted by Oliver's pink lips and wet tongue to notice anything else.
“My pleasure,” the older angel smiled, looking as if Jess had given him a huge compliment, “If you wish to have more, there is plenty in the kitchen.”
With this new epiphany swirling in his heart and mind, Castiel reentered the study to find Dean kneeling next to the couch. He had resupplied Rowena and Jessica with the items needed to keep Crowley from being in too much pain, and was now speaking directly to the demon himself.
"Wouldn't be the first time I've made somebody drip. Eh, Sammy?" Papa winked up at Dad as he reached back and smacked his butt.
Air vanished from Castiel's lungs when Dean paused to take off his own underwear. The sight of Dean's bare cheeks caused a whirlwind of arousal to stir in Castiel's body, making his heart flutter, stomach tense, and loins burn with lust. It seemed like such a long time since Castiel had witnessed this glorious view. Unfortunately, Dean bent over to slip on a fresh pair of underwear as quickly as he had taken off the other, leaving the angel in a state of painful longing by the door. Oh, what Castiel wouldn't give to be able to stare at Dean's unclothed body for just a few more moments...
“Yep. That's what it says,” Gabriel confirmed, “Unless I'm confusing 'east' with 'cabbage,' but I doubt it.”
Feeling his own orgasm beginning to crest, Castiel picked up a last burst of energy, using it to rock so hard into Dean that the room was filled with the sound of their bodies smacking together. Dean's back was arching and his free hand was clinging to Cas's coat collar when he finally spilled over the edge. Castiel groaned at the sight of semen splattering up the man's ripped dark shirt as Dean came with a sudden burst. His eyes were squinted shut as grunts and moans fought to escape his open mouth. Once Dean climaxed, Castiel allowed himself to do the same. His organ began to pulse inside the man's warm body, filling Dean with semen as pleasure clouded his mind. Oh, it was so heavenly; both the physical bliss taking hold of the angel and the subconscious knowledge that Dean was being filled with Castiel's seed. The act was almost overwhelming...
Clare hummed with a smile before leaning over to kiss Jude’s stomach, where the twins inside must have been wrestling each other under his lips. The sheer volume of amazement that overcame the demon briefly left him stunned. It was wild to think that his children were already alive, with beating hearts, playing together inside their shared womb. It was awesome to feel them moving; to know they were shifting around inside Jude’s grace even while the guy was asleep. Clare beamed toward Jude’s adorable face as he held a hand against the warm womb that held their children. Part of him wanted to wake Jude up so that he could share in the moment. But the guy just looked too cute. The kids, however, seemed to be restless.
“I – I wasn't calling him Jude,” Dean denied, huffing a breath and shaking his head, “It was just a song. I wasn't giving him a name -”
The first thing Gabriel noticed when he walked into the study was that his nephew Jude was wearing a brand new helmet. The thing was metallic blue with Superman's logo airbrushed on the side and it looked totally kickass. The second thing Gabe realized was that his own daughter was popping back and forth between two lines painted on the floor. Jess was flying and floating around like a butterfly on a summer breeze, smiling brightly at her cousin each time she reappeared.
Jess’s smile dimmed a bit. The mention of Jude’s name reminded her of the conversation she overheard at the breakfast table. Poor Jude was going through a rough time, but he still offered to help others. He was such a good person.
“And if you ever need anything, all you have to do is pray and Papa will come back. Okay?” Gabe asked, looking down into her eyes.
With Gabriel, the last archangel, gone, Dean knew that the only chance he might have to get back home would be one of the ritual boxes hidden in the bunker. He couldn’t remember seeing one that created a portal to another universe, but he had to go there and search for it anyway. He had to try. Luckily, the king seemed willing to go along with the plan. He flew Dean back to the storage quarters first, though, and started rummaging through a few drawers near the far wall.
The little girl nodded and dashed back to the pool to meet Jude with more smiles. The kids were still totally unaware of who was at the door, but Sam knew that it must have been Jane because Gabriel was already wearing that mischievous smirk; the one he wore when things were about to get interesting. Sam huffed another breath as he walked up to start climbing the stairs.
Jude was about to start reading another handwritten sentence when there was a knock on the bedroom door. Daddy sprang up from the floor and jutted his arm out when it opened, like he was ready to cover up the book in Jude's hand. But it was only uncle Sammy. The tall guy came in and glanced around with a polite smile.
Uncle Sam only rolled his eyes and restarted his story about the town in Arkansas. With everyone else distracted, Jude finally turned his attention back to the cell phone in his hand. He was hoping there would finally be a text message from Clarence, but the screen was still blank. Jude sighed and started to shuffle up the library steps toward the control room.
“Aww, look at you, guapa! So beautiful!” Jane swooned, raising up to place both hands on Jess's stomach, “and you are all lit up! Why are you so yellow? Is something wrong?”
After Jude's statement, Dean instantly looked back to Cas. The angel was equally as worried as Dean felt. It had been so long since any of them even made contact with Michael and Adam. Would they still be willing to humor the Winchesters? For a couple of weddings? Despite his fervent disagreement with Jude's choice, Cas still managed to hold onto his smile and pat their son's back.
"They tried to put me in the system after that, but I ran away," Clarence admitted, "I've lived on the streets of Chicago for most of my life. Learned lots of handy skills. How to steal cars, get food, pick locks, hide from cops... You know. A classic case of survival of the fittest."
“Mmm-hmm,” Papa hummed back in a whisper, “He married everybody else. I told him he had to keep up the tradition.”
The three of them - followed by Dickie the tiny Oompa Loopa, who had apparently stolen a skeleton bone from Jane's decorations and was now carrying it around - all journeyed into the main part of the bunker. Dean lingered back to take Cas's hand, the same warm and soft fingers he had been clinging to for most of the night, and noticed their son walking ahead of them. Jude's head was down and his feet were moving fast - but the back of his cape was lifted up, like there was something underneath it.
All of the teenagers will be losing their virginity this time, (Jude with Clarence, and Jessie with Ollie) which means there will be some underage smut scenes. I say 'underage' because they are still teenagers. So if that isn't your kind of thing, at least I warned you ahead of time so you can skip it. ;)
Bobby led the group around a few stack of cars and to the entrance of his garage. Apparently, he had set up a little pow-wow; five chairs huddled together in a semi-circle. Dean rolled his eyes at the sight. Oh, what the hell. Was Bobby really going to try to turn this into an episode of Dr. Phil? Two chairs were close to each other on the right and two more were close on the left. And, when everyone approached the scene, Bobby sat his cooler near the lone chair in the front.
“I know so,” Papa replied. He raised up and turned to look at Dad and say, “Pour that java in a travel cup, Moose. We've gotta deliver this bunny and her date to the farm pronto.”
“Yep. And water,” Gabe nodded, “I flushed a toilet on the way through to see if it still worked and it totally refilled itself. Wait until you see the next room, kid. I think you might spontaneously orgasm when you see it – ”
“That's good enough for me,” uncle Dean muttered, “They're already evacuating the park. I say we slip out of here while we can.”
To be referred to in such an affectionate way by his own Father made Castiel's heart thump with delight. The angel eventually pulled back to look properly at Chuck, who was smiling in the midst of his dark beard. Still, Castiel was very curious to know why God decided to visit the bunker at this late hour.
“I... I never wanted this for her,” Sam whispered, his voice cracking as he glanced back toward the house again, “I just wanted her to have a
Dean casually flipped through the bible out of boredom and it automatically turned to a specific page. A picture was wedged in the crack, shoved between the pages of Proverbs like a bookmark. Curious, Dean slid the picture out… and saw his own face. It was a polaroid photo that he remembered posing for back when he was in his mid-twenties. It was months after he finally convinced Sammy to start hunting with him. The two of them stopped on their way through Arizona to see the Grand Canyon for the first time. Dean held his arms out as wide as they would go, grinning like an idiot while Sammy snapped the pic. Dean smiled at it for a second... but then realized that this photo had been in the Impala. And that made him wonder; if he and Sam were dead in this universe, where was the car? Was it parked safely somewhere? Or was Dean’s baby, God forbid, crushed and broken?
“Cas?!” Dean blurted, unable to contain his enthusiasm, “Cas, is that you? Babe, it’s me! It’s Dean!”
Wanting to greet his angel good morning and snag some fresh bacon, Dean tossed his legs over the bed, scratched his messy head of hair, grabbed his own robe from the other end of the headboard, and stood up to slide it on. He tied the front around his bare torso and underwear as he followed the smell of breakfast out the door and down the hall. The sound of chatter and laughter was so loud that Dean heard it before he even saw the kitchen doorway. It sounded like every soul in the bunker was crammed into the kitchen, all eating, talking, and laughing. And the idea brought a smile to Dean's face. He loved the thought of having a full kitchen; of having such a large family that a single room could barely contain every member. For the first half of Dean's life, it was mostly just him and Sam. Two brothers without any family to speak of. And now, they were gaining new members all the time. The bunker might as well have been a country club.
Sam exhaled an angered breath and folded both of his arms across his chest. The dude was doing a perfect impression of a fed-up housewife. Acidic glare and all.
Jude struggled to fan out the playing cards in his small hands. He always wondered how grown-ups were able to hold their cards so that they could see the numbers in the corners. Daddy and Papa were doing it so easy. And even Ollie was holding his right. How did they do that?
! Whatever that thing was, it was coming closer to his child! Dean instantly leaned over Jude on the bed, wanting to protect him from whatever he couldn't see. But as he looked down at Jude's blinking blue eyes, Dean suddenly remembered something that Cas said over the phone. '
Clare leaned down to press their parted lips together, enjoying the sweet taste of Jude’s mouth before replying.
Everyone at the table turned to look behind them and the dog's heads raised up from the floor. The noise seemed to put every soul in the room on guard. Luckily, Bobby was able to calm them with a sigh.
“I know who he is,” Bobby mumbled. He took his arm back and turned to size up the short, curly-haired man next to them before saying, “Chuck Shurley, ain't it? You wrote all those books or whatever.”
Gabriel leaned further over Sam's shoulder to deliver a kiss to his mouth - a really long, drawn out kiss that probably would have been banned from cable television - before whispering "
Dean could feel his own tears forming. They blended in with the rest of the hot water dripping from his face. Dean may have helped the king a little bit, but it was the king who sacrificed himself to save Dean’s life…
' in a warm, comforting way... and Jude's hand slowly let go. Clare smiled warmly at the sight of Jude backing away. It was working! Jude heard it! Luckily, Dean kept humming the song and Cas soon joined in. It wasn't long before their whole family – apart from Lucifer, who only stood by and watched – was singing the last verse of Hey Jude, crowding around Jude in a loving circle.
The whole night seemed relaxing and rather boring... until around five o'clock in the morning, when Castiel felt something hard press against his back.
When Jane got to her sister, Castiel could tell that Juanita was staring very hard at Dean. It was almost as if she was eying a delicious food that she wished to consume; searching his entire form with her eyes while she smiled devilishly. From the moment he saw her, Castiel automatically disliked Jane's sister.
“Skunks don't get drunk, Clare,” Jude paused his steps to argue in the hall, “and I'm not a virgin. Stop calling me a virgin -”
He dashed over to a duffel bag near the bed to dig around inside. Jessie stood with her boys and eagerly waited to see what sort of surprise it was. Would it be a live animal? Another gift? Some kind of treat? With Papa, there was no telling what kind of surprise it would be! Jess's Papa eventually turned around and held up a T-shirt. It was all black with rainbow letters on the front that said '
“Now, the trick is to get it pretty tight around the waist without cutting off circulation,” Gabriel informed, sounding like an expert.
"It's just some clothes and stuff I accidentally left at Ollie's house from the last time I stayed over. He gave it all back to me tonight," Jude explained.
As the light turned green above the car, Dean felt a twinge of worry in his gut similar to the one he felt whenever Sam flashed goo-goo eyes at Gabriel. He could feel it with Cas, too – that some strange distance was trying to grow between them. But, how could something like that happen to them? Cas loved spending time with Dean, didn't he? They had fun together, right? Did Cas need some alone time or something? Why was he trying to separate himself by closing his eyes and getting lost in his head?
Another moment of silence followed in which everyone blinked toward Dean in question, all wondering why he mentioned the garage. Did Bobby need something from there? Did he need to store a car in the garage? Whatever the reason, Dean shrugged his shoulders and looked toward Castiel as he spoke again.
Before Papa could even lift his hand to snap his fingers, the glass broke completely – and a huge wave of water rushed out of the enclosure like a flood, making screams come from almost everyone, including Jessica. She was instantly engulfed with water and pushed back against the wall behind her. The ice cold liquid poured out like a tsunami to cover the whole room and it pulled the polar bears out with it. One floated by Jessica and its big white paw almost touched her head, making her shriek again. Those claws were so huge and sharp! That would have really hurt!
Cas only nodded in return. The dude was wearing his own robe now, too. But that didn't stop Dean from reaching beyond the fabric to grab him by the hips and yanking him close. While Sam and the kids were distracted at the table nearby, Dean carefully lowered his mouth toward Cas's and paused to speak against the angel's open lips.
Though he was feeling nostalgic, Dean cleared his mind in order to focus on getting his child a snack. He got the pie out of the fridge and popped it in the microwave for a few seconds to warm it up while he searched for a sippy cup. When he found one – and washed it out, because it had old juice in it – Dean filled it with milk and grabbed the pie out of the microwave. The man was wearing a comforting smile when he walked back into the main room to see Jude all snuggled up in bed with his stuffed bee. The little guy looked really excited, like a hungry puppy watching his food come closer. Geez, it was like looking into a mirror.
Dean quickly reached out to smack Gabriel's hands away and place his own hands over Cas's stomach. A flicker of protectiveness had raced through him and he suddenly didn't want anyone to even touch his angel.
“Jessica, listen to me,” the archangel started, placing a hand over his own chest, “As long as this old vessel is still drawing breath, as long as my grace shines, and as long as the Earth keeps on spinning, honey, you will
, however, she may be more inclined to stay. In fact, I've set up a devil's trap to make sure of it.”
Clare chuckled and gave their parents a tiny wave before pulling Jude down the corridor toward the bedrooms. Jude wished that there was something he could say to make Dad and Papa feel better, but he could only stutter a quick 'goodnight' as he shuffled along behind his fiance. Clare obviously wanted to 'go to bed' as much as Jude did...
“Okay, Papa,” Jessie interrupted, gently pushing him into the dark room, “Go lay down for a while, okay? You need to sleep that drunk off.”
Jude swallowed harshly, unable to keep the tears from sliding down his own cheeks. He clung to the back of Clarence's jacket beneath his heavy guitar case and breathed in as deeply as he could, wanting to remember the smell of Clare's hair and the feeling of their chests pressing together. He could almost feel Clarence's heartbeat. Jude never wanted to let go.
Jessica slowly let go of Dickie and took her things to hug them to her chest. She pecked her bunny with a lazy kiss before blinking up at Sam.
“Yer as pretty as a church bell on Sunday,” Auntie Rowena sighed, standing back up to touch Jessie's face.
Dean's heart thumped hard behind his ribs, forcing warm emotion through his veins. Hearing those words come straight from Jude's mouth made Dean feel redeemed, like he was finally
get rid of the surveillance video so that no one knows that we were here. Sammy knows that I'm pretty good at that.”
Heat immediately rose on Jess's cheeks as she looked at the naughty clothes and heard the sexy cheering of her guests. There was almost nothing to the garments, just lacy fabric, strings, and a few white bows for decoration. Oh boy, did Jane really expect Jessie to wear this stuff in front of Ollie?!
He held the angel’s soft fingers as firmly as possible as he led the way back out of Jude’s room and down the hall to the study. By the time they made it there, Bobby, Crowley, and Rowena were all mixed in with the rest of the family, sharing greetings and swooning over the babies. Clare noticed that Meg stayed directly behind him as they entered, most likely using him as a shield against Crowley’s stern glances.
“Right,” Jude agreed, feeling his heart swell with pride as he gazed at his husband, “I love you so much, Clare.”
Charlie didn’t seem to mind being in an unfamiliar setting. Jessica thought that she would have to help her baby adjust to the weird smell and odd furniture of the cabin, but Charlie seemed to enjoy it. She and Dickie happily played near the fireplace for a long time; chasing each other in circles on the blanket in the floor. Jessica watched them interact from the couch, unable to bring herself to smile. At this point, she was starting to wonder if she would ever smile again…
The rest of Clare's words were muted by a forceful, meaningful kiss from Jude. The angel had craned his neck up from the bed to meet his mouth to the demon's. Their tongues swirled around and Clare felt his eyes closing on their own. Damn, Jude really meant business tonight. He was going to have sex with Clare, drunk or not. Jude's arm hooked around Clare's neck and he briefly pulled his mouth away to whisper.
Time and time again, Dean found himself caressing the coat strap on his forearm and thinking of Cas. His boyfriend. The one who didn’t have to live through the Winchester’s deaths nor the death of his good friends. Dean’s boyfriend was innocent and pure; unspoiled by devastation and loss. Somehow, it made Dean feel worse for the king. The poor guy had lost everything… yet he was still holding on. Why? What could possibly be worth all the heartache and pain?
“Papa!” Jessica smiled brightly, before climbing off her seat to run to Gabriel in her pajamas, “Grandpa made us some muffins! Do you want one?”
“I think it will make things easier on everyone,” she guessed, “You know, getting all the stressful stuff done all in one go. Plus, it'll give us time to go on our Honeymoon and be back in time for their wedding.”
nose. Jude wiggled further into his own bed and stared up at Castiel with wonder, eyes as blue as the open ocean.
“Okay,” he allowed, raising back up to his feet, “but only because you're naked and I can't argue with you when you're naked.”
Cas exhaled over the phone – during which Dean imagined him giving Gabriel a foul glare of annoyance – before lowering his voice again.
Meg, who was always a little hesitant about physical contact with anyone, gently welcomed the twins into her arms. She held up a finger afterward so that she could reach into her pockets and pull something out for them. Jude stepped closer to see what the wooden objects were, curious to know what Meg had given his children. Clare beat him to the punch by strolling over to kneel with Meg.
But another reason Jessica couldn't sleep was because she was so excited to go to the zoo. She couldn't wait to see the animals and have fun with Jude and Ollie. Would there be a gift shop? Would everyone get to pick out a treat? Maybe Jessie could find a friend for her bunny back home. Man, she really wished that she had brought her bunny on the trip. He could have helped her feel better about going to sleep...
After her small chant, the air in the garage shifted. The lamps overhead flickered a few times before slowly fading out. Loose tools and other metal items quivered and rattled around the space, adding disturbing noise to the atmosphere. The eery change caused Jude to hug Castiel's neck tighter in fear. While Castiel held his child, he could feel something happening to himself as well. His true form was being pulled forward. His vessel was becoming unstable somehow; almost turning translucent. The angel feared that his grace was going to burst free from the confines of his weakening vessel at any moment and harm the humans – but somehow, he remained within his Earthly body. It was as if the spell had turned his solid container into a more flexible version; one in which he could safely spread his wings and display his own grace without causing destruction around him. Castiel raised his free hand to observe the celestial aura beaming from beyond the skin. The spell actually worked. He could see himself for what he truly was... A powerful angel hidden inside a human body.
“I have found these devices on the bodies of deceased humans. I believe they measure the amount of radiation in the air –”
Gabe glanced at Sam beside him, who was shutting the engine off. Both of them seemed equally entertained by their daughter's feisty attitude. Sam shot the archangel a subtle look – which clearly stated '
“You're so cute when you're worried,” the archangel mumbled into Sam's wet mouth, “I knew I married you for a reason...”
Before Castiel could even open his mouth to ask these questions, the angel lunged forward, striking toward Cas with an angel blade. Castiel ducked out of its path and the blade pierced a stack of baby clothing behind him instead. Gabriel's dog nipped at the soldier's heels, giving Castiel time to spun around and look for Dean – but to his great shock, Castiel found Dean already engaged in a battle of his own.
“Oliver, you cannot do what these men do!” Jane nearly shrieked, “They kill things for a living! Remember that time it was dark and we almost died?! They do those things every day! I will never let you do that!”
“I know exactly what you mean,” Jess nodded, remembering how long it took to figure out Charlie’s, “Don’t worry. It’ll come to you.”
Before Jessie could continue her dispute, Jane placed the gift bag in front of her and quickly reclaimed her seat next to Papa on the floor. Jessica waited for Rowena to get back – with two separate bags, one large and one small – and sit before reaching out to open them. All eyes were on Jessica as she slowly pulled the tissue paper out of Jane's gift bag and lifted some slinky fabric to hold it up. At first, Jessie thought it was a wedding dress that had been hacked to bits. It wasn't until she found the bottom piece, a pair of lacy panties, that she realized she was holding a set of white lingerie...
“Whoa whoa, slow down, munchkins,” he said, stopping Jessie, Jude, and Ollie by the car, “Before we go in, what's the golden rule?”
Jude was stuck in a daze when Michael opened the cage to free Lucifer. It didn't take very much effort for the archangel to extinguish the wall of flames and break all the chains on the metal bars. Lucifer was able to pop himself out and rise up to stretch dramatically in the same space as everyone else, wearing a proud smirk the whole time. While it was happening, Jude could hear his cousin's frantic voice hissing a slur of worried exclamations.
“Don't make me come back here, boys,” she requested firmly, “You're all handsome as hell, but I don't want to see your faces again any time soon.”
“Oh, just a bit of witchcraft,” she replied sneakily, pausing to take a sip from her tea cup and raise an eyebrow, “Would you like to join me, dearie? I'm trying to find a good spell. And two sets of eyes wouldn't hurt.”
have a point. What if sex hurt the baby? What if Dean's dick ended up poking him over and over? That was just wrong...
Though his fingers were starting to tremble with anticipation, Dean quickly popped open the lube and poured some into the top of Cas's ass crack, letting the liquid run between his cheeks and drip down the back of his balls. On instinct alone, Dean jutted forward to catch the excess lube with his mouth; slapping his tongue against Cas's scrotum before the lube could ruin his pretty blue panties. The flavor of cherry pie – the same he could smell in the air – exploded in his mouth, making him want to lap up the rest. After giving Cas's balls a thorough cleaning, Dean used his thumbs to pull the plump halves of Cas's ass apart and guided his tongue up to lick around his pink hole. The heated entrance clinched on contact, making Cas's top half fall even lower against the island.
While the guys joked, a large gust of wind swept through Jude’s kitchen, flapping the loose coffee filters on the counter and waving the curtains hanging over the windows. Michael, Gabriel, and Cas all showed up at once, standing with each other near the front door. Dean instantly stood up from his chair to face the angels, searching for any sign of confirmation on their faces. He was desperate to know if their home would be saved from destruction.
Ollie looked better than Jessica could have ever imagined. His momma must have dressed him, because most of his outfit was the exact same shade of purple as the top part of Jess's dress. He was wearing a white, long-sleeve dress shirt, purple vest, purple pants, and white shoes. But his bow tie and his belt were both shimmery rainbow. His shaggy red hair was nicely combed on his head. And his eyes - oh, his lovely chocolate colored eyes - were dancing up and down Jessica's entire body. It seemed that he was just as stunned by her appearance as she was by his. Maybe even more so.
a demon? Was Bobby seriously in a relationship with the king of hell?! No, that couldn't be right...
Inside the trench coat, the baby gave a huge yawn and blinked his eyes closed. Jude's tiny hand was still clinging to Dean's finger, even though he wasn't looking up at him anymore. God, he was so
A tear slipped from the corner of Jess's eye. How could Papa be so proud of her when Jude's terrible situation was all her fault?
“Did you say Witches of the East Order?” he asked his blonde archangel as he turned his computer on.
“Shut up, Sammy! I can do this on my own!” Dean grumbled toward his brother before spinning back around and clearing his throat. “Cas… I love you.”
Jude gulped hard, feeling his nose tingle with an oncoming swell of tears. It was always nice to hear Papa say that. Papa never said anything unless he meant it with his whole heart. And while he was clearly worried for Jude’s emotional wellbeing, he was also trying to be subtle about it, which Jude appreciated.
But as tired as he was, Sam considered himself to be pretty happy. For the past three years, his life had been nothing but blissful chaos filled with hair bows, dresses, dolls, teddy bears, giggles, and blonde curls. And he loved every second of it. Being a parent to a precious baby girl was the best job in the world and more rewarding than Sam ever thought possible. So he didn't mind losing a few hours of sleep. It was worth it to wake up in a bed filled with all his favorite people.
But it was too late. Jude's finger passed the line into the circle – and the ground began to shake. The marks under the picnic table lit up with white light so bright that Jude had to close his eyes. Some kind of force was pulling him by his grace; yanking his whole body inside like a magnet. A tiny scream left Jude's mouth when he felt himself being sucked inside. Everything turned really bright like he was flying into the sun...
“Okay, fine,” he huffed with a pause, “I... I spiked the bubbles with a celestial aphrodisiac. For old time's sake,” Gabe admitted in a whisper, rubbing Sam's bottom lip with his thumb, “Do you want me to get rid of it?”
“In Louisiana? What, did he want to join a quick Mardi Gras parade first?” Dean scoffed. He was attempting to lighten the mood with a joke, but as usual, no one found it funny.
“Well then,” she hummed lowly, turning her sight to everyone else, “Samuel, be a dearie and put the kettle on. Robert, I'm going to need you to retrieve a few things for me, love... Those birds don't belong in a cage.”
As much as Jude wanted to stay calm, he just couldn't. His heart was beating hard in his chest and he wished to have his parents by his side so much. He clung to Clarence instead, who seemed much more relaxed than anyone else. The teenagers watched Bobby look out the window, silently hoping that the darkness hadn't found them. Even from a few feet away, Jude could see the sky outside dimming, as if the sun was being blocked by clouds.
?” he grumbled, “You know there are kids around! Why the hell didn't you lock the freakin' door?! Jude's been through enough today, dammit!”
Luckily, this balcony was only on the second floor. It was low enough that Jude didn't feel dizzy when he looked outside, but still high enough to look out and see endless palm trees, sand, and ocean water. At the threshold of the balcony doors, Jude paused to take in a deep breath of the salty breeze, filling his lungs with the scent of the ocean. It was no wonder people claimed the ocean had magical properties. Just breathing it in made Jude feel like he was floating on air.
“You know what?” Jessica mumbled across the table, wearing a smirk of her own, “I want to invite them to mine, too.”
“Are you still sure about this, love?” Crowley asked, searching Bobby's face with dark eyes, “Because now would be an appropriate time to back out. Before he gets attached and all.”
“Because, when Robert dies, his soul will undoubtedly go to heaven,” the demon king answered, tone full of regret, “After all, it's only fair. That man has earned his right to a peaceful eternity... But I can never enter the gates of Heaven. I may be able to sneak my way in to pay him a visit somehow, but Heaven is the one plane of existence that I could never fully
A knock came from the front door, stopping Ollie’s spin as he carefully sat Jess back down on her feet. Bethany, the realtor, was standing in the doorway, smiling at the couple as she held her clipboard to her chest.
As the warlock paused to collect himself, Jude looked to Clare again. The demon's eyes were still narrowed, but he listened, waiting to hear the rest of the story.
“No reason, I guess,” Kate replied, sheepishly hanging her head as she arranged some napkins on the table, “Just out of the blue, he stopped wanting to. Like he lost interest in me or something.”
Eddie sighed and shook his head again. He was clearly having a terrible day and knowing that Dean was his only link to salvation at the moment probably didn't make it any easier. But Dean was loving every second of it. There was a long pause of silence afterward, in which Dean only revved the Impala's engine a little and munched on his wafers. He wasn't going to talk again until he heard Eddie ask for his help; until he heard the words come out of the guy's homophobic mouth. The red-haired man sulked beside the car for an extra second or two before forcing himself to look back at Dean.
"Yeah," Jessica admitted, "I've had a few dreams about him, actually. But," She paused to steal a glance at the guy in the kitchen and scrunch her tiny nose, "He seems... different. When I saw him, his hair was shorter and he wasn't so bony. I think I've seen him a little older."
Ugh! Not another cliffhanger! (You guys know I love you, right? I love you!) XD So, I have a huge fascination with post-apocalyptic tales, (‘The Road’ by Cormac McCarthy is one of my favorite books, the Fallout Series is one of my favorite videos games, etc.) which is why I gave Dean a Geiger counter in this chapter. It’s mostly because I’m a huge nerd. Sorry, Dean. XD I know some of you are probably like, “
Sam couldn't stop the irritated scoff from falling out of his own mouth. He honestly didn't mean to do it so loudly, but of course Oliver heard it and instantly snapped his head up to glare at Sam again.
was Ollie panicking? Was he planning to get drunk? Hide? Run away? None of those scenarios sounded very safe if he was alone.
“No, no,” Gabe denied, wagging his finger in protest as he stood up to walk toward Sam, “No questions yet, Sammy-boy. First things first.”
“Dean,” the king interrupted softly. “Please try to understand. There is nothing left of the archangel you knew. His grace is beyond depleted. He will not recover. To keep him alive would be to sentence him to ages of suffering. Letting him go would be kinder.”
