“Dean,” Cas says, with glassy eyes.
“I will go back to Missouri and try to find any leads on Sam,” Cas explains. “You and Mary need to rest, but I don’t need to sleep, so in the meantime, I will do whatever I can to find Sam. We can’t afford to lose more time.”
“That’s because you are.”
Sometimes Dean wishes it was like that. That he was the one who died instead of Mary. That the crappiest son on earth died instead of the best mother that this world has ever seen.
“Dean, you look as if you hadn’t eaten in a decade,” Sam mutters, side glaring his brother.
“Best thing that ever happened to me.”
“You want it, Dean,” Castiel whispers and he kisses him again. “You want me,” he murmurs in between another kiss. “You need me too.”
“Okay, we’ve gotta get these books to the shelves,” Dean starts, pointing at the screen. Charlie reads the list of books highlighted in yellow and starts to write them down. She has a great memory, but there are more than fifty books on the list and it’s a bit hard to remember every title. “And meanwhile, I’m gonna order these other books.” He looks at the ones highlighted in red and opens the browser to order them.
“We’re still working on that. We’re also still working on trying to contact Rowena, but we haven’t had any luck yet. We’ve tried summoning a few more demons, but it is still useless.”
sounds in the quiet garage, echoing against the walls, and Dean doesn’t miss a single word, matching Robert Plant’s voice, although Dean’s voice is rougher than the Led Zeppelin’s singer. Singing to his favorite songs while he works on his dearest car, always makes the job better. He always enjoys working on his beloved car, but when he plays his favorite songs, his enjoyment increases.
He walks into the chapel and sits on one of the empty benches. A long time ago, Dean refused to pray, and now, it has become something normal to him. But that’s because he isn’t praying to God; he is praying to Cas, the love of his life, and it feels right.
“What?” Dean asks when Bobby’s silence starts to get too long and awkward. “Don’t I look okay to you?”
They don’t say a word. Dean wonders if Castiel doesn’t say anything because he knows that Dean doesn’t want to talk. There is no need to talk. Words are unnecessary. They know what this moment means for them. Dean sighs, happily, and kisses Castiel’s temple. Then, Castiel moves his other hand, the hand that is holding Dean’s, and places it on Dean’s nape, burying his face in the crook of Dean’s neck. Dean’s free hand immediately comes to Cas’ waist, and they keep slow dancing to the tune.
Dean looks at him for a moment. Probably Cas doesn’t want to leave his car behind, so Dean gets that. Still, he is a bit disappointed.
“It’s a mixtape,” Dean begins to explain with a shy voice. He tries to sound casual, but he is doing a terrible job. “It’s just a little something to make life on the road less sucky. And also a way to listen to some real music.” He chuckles at that and Cas looks at him with vivid eyes. “Just a little piece of home to carry around.”
Dean nods and he looks away, trying to hide the pain he feels. He starts to open the cupboards, seeing if they need something else, but it seems that he didn’t forget to write down anything. “Do you need something that isn’t written on the list?” he asks handing him the shopping list.
Suddenly, Sam and Jessica appeared in the room. Castiel had told the servants to let them come in without notice. They always came to palace at the same time to see Dean.
They keep moving against each other until their releases are done, and then Castiel collapses on top of Dean, burying his face on Dean’s sweaty neck, breathing hard. Dean pants and closes his eyes as he smiles, happy and sated. He gives Cas’ hands a soft squeeze and feels Castiel’s smile against his skin. He kisses his neck and then he moves his face to kiss Dean’s lips, lazily.
Castiel came first, and he moaned Dean’s name, feeling like his name was something blessed he was only allowed to say. He closed his eyes and kept rolling his hips as he came, feeling how his body was trembling, but he wanted to make Dean come, and after a couple of thrusts, Dean was coming too, saying Castiel’s name as if it was something holly.
Dean begins to kiss Cas’ jaw and neck, not leaving hickeys even if he wants to. They still have to work and pretend to be FBI agents, so he should better leave hickeys in places where Cas can cover them with clothes.
“Yes.” Castiel hums and holds Dean tighter, making Dean smile and press a kiss on the line of Cas’ jaw. Suddenly, Castiel’s stomach growls and Dean looks at him with a questioning look.
“Been better,” Dean answers, honestly.
“Yeah, just another day at the office,” Dean answers, stopping at the bottom of the stairs. “How’s the kid? He go dark side yet?
“Dean, if you wanted to tell the guy something, you could’ve chosen another way,” Benny teases.
“The Empty has hurt him badly.”
“How about Queen?” Castiel says as he picks the tape.
“I’ve missed you,” Dean whispers.
“Yeah?”
Still, he is looking forward to see Castiel Novak and he hopes that they will see on Monday. He is a busy guy, but Dean suspects that the actor will find a way to get away from his busy life and pay a visit to Dean, or at least that’s what Dean really hopes.
“Hello, Rowena,” Castiel says.
“We should’ve grabbed that fucking umbrella,” Dean mutters, giving Castiel a sassy look.
“Now it’s the time when you move, y’know?” Dean sasses.
he answers chuckling, and Dean can hear that his brother is shaking something.
“Do you know why I didn’t want to be with you?” Dean starts to ask. Castiel doesn’t move his eyes to look at him. “Because I thought I didn’t deserve you. I still think about it sometimes.” He sees how Castiel clenches his jaw and looks up, trying to hold his tears. “I’m poison, Cas, and you know it.”
Dean grins and goes back to the living room. “Awesome.”
“Cas, I don't like how the whole Billie thing went down. Okay?” Dean begins to say. He should have said it a long time ago, to explain why he was pissed, but his anger got the better of him; it always does, unfortunately. “I know you think you were doing the right thing. And I'm not mad. I'm worried. Because things like ‘cosmic consequences’ have a habit of biting us in the ass.”
“Why? And why are you already dressed?” He rubs his eyes tiredly. Sleepiness hasn’t abandoned his body completely.
“Yeah,” Dean says smiling. “It’s still a bit hard sometimes, but I’m better. Trust me. I’ve been worse.”
“I won’t, Mister Winchester, but only because I love you.”
“I know,” Dean says before pressing a brief kiss on his lips. “And I L-word you too so much.” With his hand he wipes off a few tears that his boyfriend has let out.
“It should,” Castiel agrees. “Can you mark what’s in the center of the circle?”
“I can't believe you actually understood that,” he says sarcastically. His words earn him a punch and a glare which make Dean chuckle. Castiel rolls his eyes but he smiles. “Maybe it was about damn time I said all those things, don’t you think?” At that, Castiel hums in agreement. “I was thinking on telling you, you know?”
“I can carry you,” Castiel says. “Bridal style.”
Castiel looked back at Dean, intrigued. “Your parents don’t let you do what you truly want ether?”
Castiel traces down Dean’s chest, feeling the rope and the warm skin, making Dean to gasp softly. “It will leave you marks.”
“Room five.”
Dean slides out of Cas, who holds him tightly after it. They kiss lazily. Both of them are exhausted, but they are grinning happily. It is been a long day, but an awesome, long day.
“You should take your own advice and not step onto my feet,” Castiel sasses.
Castiel looks at Dean. “It could be worse.” He repeats in a whisper.
“I like him,” Sam says.
But that was a long ago. And Dean can’t live in his memories. Nobody can live in their memories.
“Showering. He came back from running stinking,” Rowena answers, scrunching her nose.
“Cas?” Sam asks as he comes to the library. He looks at Cas and then at Dean, and then back at Cas. He seems perplexed to see him home. “What— we thought—”
Castiel chuckles and finds Dean’s mouth with his, kissing him. “Good,” he says. He holds Dean and rolls the two of them, getting back to the position they were before. “But first I have to finger you and I prefer doing it like we usually do it.”
“No,” Dean answers, honestly. “I don’t want anyone who isn’t you, Cas.” His words make Cas’ pain disappear from his face. Dean cups his face and kisses him tenderly. “That’s why I love your idea, ‘cause it would be the man I love and who loves me. One from the present and one from next week, but still the one I’m so fucking in love with.”
“I have sex with you,” Dean says with a bitch face.
Tomorrow will be another day. Cas might or might not appear. Dean wishes that Cas will come by. It all depends on his job. It’s not his fault that he can’t come whenever he wants to. The guy is busy and if it was it for him, Dean is sure that he would have come today. Dean shouldn’t feel disappointed because Cas’ work didn’t allow him to take a break and come to see Dean. It’s not Cas’ fault or that Cas didn’t want to see him, it’s just that he is busy, that’s all.
“Because I can’t, Cas, alright? I can’t go,” Dean muttered, exasperated.
It is a big house, but it doesn’t stand out too much because all the houses in the street look as good as his. They don’t approach the house; they watch it from the distance, just in case, trying to spot him in the house, although it is still day and the Strigoi is not going to appear near the windows while there’s still sunlight.
They find out that he is buried in the local graveyard and decide to wait until night, because that’s the safest time to dig up a tomb and burn a body.
Dean can’t be mad at his brother; Sam has a big heart. He takes a deep breath and he grabs the Nutella and the cookies. “Thanks Sam.” He opens the jar and he dips one of the cookies in the sweet chocolate, memories of their childhood flashing in his mind.
Except for Cas.
“I've got you,” Cas says.
But Dean doesn’t voice those words. He never knows how to ask for the things his heart wants. He was never taught how to.
Dean shushes him.
And yet, he can’t let himself take a break. He needs to save Cas from the Empty as soon as possible. It’s been more than a week since they defeated Chuck and they have nothing. Sam hasn’t been able to find anything either, but the one exhausting himself to his limits is Dean.
When he reaches Castiel’s cock, he wraps his lips and swallows him, wanting to give him a quick and nice blowjob, like the one Castiel gave him a few minutes ago. Castiel moans and his whole body arches when Dean gets the head of his cock against his throat. Dean loves blowing Castiel, the feeling of his long and thick cock on his tongue, and he loves how Cas responds to it, the way his breath hitches, how his body arches and becomes restless, how he tugs at Dean’s hair, how he moans Dean’s name… Dean just loves it.
“And we’ve kind of been a little less loud than we wanted to because we were in hotel and motel rooms, but now that we’re here in the middle of the forest…” He wiggles his eyebrows at Cas who rolls his eyes and shakes his head.
Castiel frowns. “I think you are making the situation worse, Dean.”
Dean walks towards him and grabs a cloth to dry the wet dishes lying on the counter.
But this dream, offered him the thing he most wanted. So he decided to stay there, just for a little while, for less than a day, because after all, Dean, the real Dean, his Dean, was out there in the real world, probably fighting two djinns.
Dean moves his mouth from Castiel’s mouth and starts to kiss his neck while his hands stroke his thighs. Castiel grips Dean’s back tightly and rolls his hips slowly, but making sure that his cock rubs Dean, making them moan. Dean moves his mouth up, until he is kissing the spot behind Castiel’s earlobe, knowing that it drives his lover crazy.
“Could you use your mojo to get rid of the boots and socks?” Dean asks in between a heated kiss. “I don’t wanna have to waste time untying shoelaces.”
“I’m yours, Dean,” Castiel murmurs as he presses their foreheads together. “And I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean rolls his eyes but he grins. “You’re such a dick.”
“How is that you are filming in Vancouver?” he wonders.
Castiel squints his eyes, as if he was wondering if Dean was being sarcastic, but Dean isn’t being it, so he makes a tender smile to show him that, which makes Cas smile too. “Yes, it is,” he says putting the cheese in the cart.
Castiel chuckles. “You are an assbutt.”
“I have to make dinner, Dean. Stuffed eggplants take time for those who aren’t expert chefs.”
But then, Cas looks at him with determination. “Dean!” Cas yells, and he pulls his hand away from Dean’s grip. Dean looks at him in shock, not understanding why Cas has done that. “Go!” Cas insists.
“What do we do now, Dean?” Sam asks in the quietest voice possible, sounding heartbroken.
Dean grins and winks at him again before heading towards the pool table where those young men are, pretending to be drunk. Castiel hasn’t seen Dean doing this before, but he knows how Dean and Sam do this. They pretend to be drunk and bet about one hundred dollars and fake they are terrible at playing, losing the game in purpose. Then, they bet five hundred dollars and their opponent agrees, sure that they are going to win, but Sam and Dean start to play seriously, showing how good they are and they win the money.
A blush immediately makes its way to Castiel’s face. “I’m not.”
“I hear your concerns, and yes, the angels loathe me, and there’s going to be dangers, but Heaven doesn’t want the world to end any more than we do,” Cas insists. Dean looks at him as Sam enters the kitchen. “This is— This is something that I have to try.”
If they ever meet again, he should ask him that.
Charlie follows him and she grabs his arm. “Dean, talk to me.”
“You are so gorgeous when you are like this,” Castiel whispers into Dean’s mouth.
“I can’t believe you kept all of that,” he murmurs surprised and smiling. “Well, I also kept some of the notes you used to write me during class.” He shows Dean some pieces of paper. Teachers didn’t like when students talked, so Dean always ripped off one of his notebook’s pages and wrote on it in order to talk with Cas.
Castiel blushes. “You are the worst.” He tries to suppress a smile but he fails at it, and Dean can’t help reaching his lips to kiss him again. Castiel pulls away as they kiss and Dean grunts, hating the loss of Cas in him, but Castiel keeps kissing him to make up for it. When they are no longer kissing, Castiel gets his hand on the drawer and gets a wipe and he starts to clean Dean’s hole. “Can you roll onto your stomach? It will make it easier.”
Castiel laughs. “As many as I can.”
Castiel huffs in disbelief. “Sure.”
“No. He won’t come back this time. After this, Cas has no reason to come back at all.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says as he rolls onto his side. He gives Dean a sweet smile and Dean finds it hard to remain mad at him. “But I couldn’t help myself.”
Dean smirks. “Watch me.”
“I think we should get some sleep,” Castiel says.
Dean nods. Suddenly, his mobile beeps and he grabs it; he has a text message from Cas. When he opens it, he can’t help a smile. Cas sent him two pictures; the first one shows some ravioli with tomato sauce and the other one shows said pasta but he can also see the kitchen. After those photos, Cas wrote,
They wish goodnight to each other and they fall asleep.
Sam puts his hand in his jeans’ pockets, and Dean knows that’s a gesture he does when he wants to look casual when in reality he feels nervous about something.
“Dean,” Castiel says, hugging Dean, who starts crying and hugs his husband, fisting the back of his robe. “I’m here, Dean. I’ve got you, beloved, I’ve got you. It’s okay, I’m here.”
“No, but—”
“I know.” With the spoon, he grabs as much ice-cream as he can and he puts it on his mouth, feeling the sweet and icy feeling of the chocolate melting slowly in his tongue, sweetening it. After he has swallowed it, he talks. “But it was better that way.”
Dean looks at Castiel, who has his temple resting on the window, looking at the road absently. He reaches Castiel’s thigh and gives it a soft squeeze, making the fallen angel lift the corner of his mouth in an almost smile.
Castiel chuckles. “
His cock is twitching and he can feel that Cas’ is it too. Dean is about to come, and by the sounds Cas is making, Cas is close as well. But Dean wants to last more, he wants to feel Cas’ cock inside him, pushing in and out of him, hitting that wonderful spot again and again, because this is too fucking awesome.
“No, I’m not. You?” Dean says, looking at Cas, who shakes his head. “Where’s Sam?”
“Alright,” Dean said when he was done. Castiel sat on the bed, eager to see Dean’s drawing. “What do you think?” he asked as he turned the paper, showing Castiel the drawing.
“I think we’re gonna do the same, don’t you think, Cas?” Dean says looking at Cas, who makes an affirmative hum.
The next morning, Dean makes sure to put the mixtape inside his jeans’ pocket. Cas always leaves after he takes a cup of coffee, before Sam and Dean finish their breakfast.
Dean grins. Before he starts the car, he looks at Cas, who is sitting next to him. Castiel catches his sight and makes that confused look of his that Dean loves too much. Dean’s grin gets wider and he starts the car, grabbing Cas’ hand so they can intertwine their fingers. He looks at his wedding ring and smiles. Cas smiles too, clearly knowing why Dean is smiling.
Dean does it. Castiel kneels in front of the couch and he looks at Dean with his happy smile on his face. He kisses Dean’s arm and he starts to move the feather on Dean’s chest, tickle him a little, so Dean giggles. Then, Castiel moves the black feather to one of his nipples and he starts to make circles on it, so Dean shakes a little.
However, the footage never shows the full license plate, so once again, the two of them spend their time looking at the footages carefully, trying to see any numbers or letters, but they have only managed to see a blurry digit that could either be a three or an eight.
” he whispers. Dean swallows hardly. His mouth is extremely and suddenly dry. “
“You have always been fucking terrible at making up names, Cas.”
“Don’t call me, Cassie, I hate it.” Castiel says annoyed. He really hates when his colleague uses that pet name. Balthazar knows it, but Castiel knows that he likes to tease him. Usually, Castiel tries to ignore him, but today has been a hard day, and it is only lunch time. He had to be in the urgencies area, and that places is really stressful.
Dean smirks. “Now you’re gonna have it.”
Neither of them can stop smiling. It feels so good to finally be allowed to do this, to be pressed together, kissing each other and letting their hands touch everywhere. Dean feels drunk with happiness.
“I know.”
“I didn’t want to take any risks!” he yells angry, but not as much as Cas. He wanted to protect him, because vampires are really dangerous and he didn’t want to risk Cas’ life.
Dean frowns. “Know what?”
“What’s wrong?”
“Dean,” Castiel interrupts him, his voice sounding almost broken. When Dean looks at his eyes, they are a bit glassy. “Can I kiss you?” he finally asks, almost desperate.
“Keanu Reeves wasn’t blonde and he played Constantine.”
Dean moves one of his hands from Castiel’s waist until he can reach his and Castiel’s cock, wrapping his hand around them and giving them a slow caress that makes the two of them moan. Castiel immediately brings his hand to their cocks, joining Dean’s hand, and he begins to stroke the two of them.
“I’ve gotta ask,” Dean says, and his voice makes Castiel turn his face to look at him. “Do you really like Led Zeppelin or do you just pretend to like them to humor me?”
“See you, Cas,” Dean says.
Dean snorts. “We’re ones to talk about that.”
Dean serves him one of the pieces with tomatoes and potatoes and then he serves himself. He puts the tray away and he sits down. “Bon appetite,” Dean says. Castiel smiles. Dean doesn’t eat and instead, he waits for Castiel to try it first, waiting to see his reaction. It doesn’t disappoint Dean; Castiel makes a satisfied face with a soft moan and Dean smiles widely. “Good?”
“Good.” Dean leans in to steal a quick kiss from Cas’ lips. “Wanna stay in bed for a little longer while we kiss and cuddle?”
_____
Dean makes a tiny, shy smile that he hides from everyone by looking down at the desk. He can even feel how his cheeks get slightly hotter with the tiny blush that is appearing on them. He wants to see Cas so bad. He wants to see those stunning eyes and the way he smiles and he wants to hear his low and nice voice. When he is with Cas, he feels happy and he smiles more than usually.
“I am not the worst morning person every single day of the year. I have seven days in the whole year when I am actually a morning person.”
“Thank you.” Castiel kisses his cheek and goes to the fridge to grab the blueberries.
“Are there more Lucifer sympathizers?”
The ex-angel rolls his eyes but chuckles, melting into Dean’s touch. Dean smirks again and he grips him tightly, lifting his feet from the floor and he starts walking, carrying Cas. “Dean, what are you doing?”
“That’s impossible. There’s no better cook than you,” Castiel says with a sweet voice. Dean turns his face to dedicate him a smile. “But I have to admit that now I make edible things at last. Thanks to you.”
“Wanna go for a walk after we wash the dishes?”
“He isn’t blonde,” Charlie says.
“Why do you care?” Dean asks after explaining it to Billie.
“Your hair is messy,” Castiel answers. His hand reaches for Dean’s hair, barely brushing it, but Dean still ends up staring at Cas with longing. “It looks nice.”
She smiles, with gratitude and notices Dean’s ring. “Are you married, agent Daltrey?”
Dean arches a brow but he is smirking. Castiel smiles timidly, his fingers brushing playfully under Dean’s white shirt. “I’m still thinking about you saying you're the lucky one.” Castiel whispers shyly.
Dean makes a bigger smile with that and his heart is suddenly filled with a warm sensation. “And I’m here for you too.”
Dean chuckles. “Thanks, Cas.”
Castiel took a deep breath. He still was worried, but both Sam and Dean seemed confident about Dorothy’s skills. “Still, it is a dangerous place and Lucifer can be able to do anything.”
“I got you! Hold on!”
Castiel grunts and walks towards the coffee machine, something that makes Dean chuckle. Castiel, on the other hand, feels a pain in his chest.
Sam got for Dean four records; one from AC/Dc, another from Black Sabbath, another from Nirvana and another from Metallica. He also got him a book of pies recipes, although Dean thinks he gave him that as a hint to make more pie for Sam. Anyways, Dean thanks those awesome presents and hugs his little brother tightly.
Dean is sure that the liquor store must be still open at this hour, but he doesn’t feel like driving right now. He wants to rest. The problem is that the kind of rest he needs can’t be found in sleep. The exhaustion he feels isn’t just physical. It is the kind of tiredness that gets to the core of the bones and the depths of his soul. It is a tiredness that builds itself in the heart and spreads through the blood running through his body. It is the kind of exhaustion that has no remedy.
“I killed one,” Castiel says.
“Never walked in the night?” He asks curious. Dean turns his face to look at Castiel. He seems calmed but a bit timid. Sometimes he is a mystery. Cas locks himself and never lets Dean know about what he feels, what it is going on his head. Dean understands. He does the same. The thing is that he wants to know about Cas, he wants to know as much as he can from that man who drives Dean crazy.
Dean sighed, frustrated. “So what? We have to wait until Cas becomes King and he becomes their target?”
“Damn, you’re right,” Dean comments, opening his eyes. “Well, we’ll go there eventually, in less than a year. I want my fucking vacation. I deserve it. We all deserve it.”
“I have a tiny break and I had to come here because I need Charlie to help me with something,” he explains. “Not that I didn’t want to see you. It’s always great to see you.” He sounds really shy and he even blushes, which makes Dean grin. “But I’m afraid I won’t be able to have a proper break until tomorrow, at eight p.m. or so.”
But still, Dean can’t get rid of his anger, his frustration and his desperation.
Dean smiles and pecks Cas’ lips. “I’ll be right back.”
“Bus,” Castiel answers as he sticks the dry bandage. “I took different buses, until I ended here. I’ve been in Canyonville for five days.”
“Let’s go to the bedroom, Dean.” Castiel murmurs in that extremely sexy rough voice. He grabs Dean’s wrist and Dean lets himself to be guided by Cas. He knows where the bedroom is, but he likes how Cas grabs his wrist, guiding him.
Dean kisses him. He cups his face and gives his boyfriend the loveliest and most passionate kiss he has ever given him. When they pull away, both of them are breathless. “Neither have I.”
After the video call, Dean makes some grilled sole while Castiel makes a salad. They cook next to each other, and Dean can’t stop looking at Cas, next to him, enjoying the routine and the normality they have found in Jody’s cabin. He could get used to this, although he thinks he has already gotten used to it, actually.
Robert stands up, touching his bleeding nose and glares the three of them. “Then, I guess I should call you cocksucker.”
“Shut up, dumbass. You like this decoration too.”
“He might have known about us the moment we stepped in town and I’m sure he marked us in his list,” he explains as he checks that his gun is loaded. “Still, the hex bags will protects us from any other spell he can cast out.”
They spend some time looking at each other and sharing caresses and kisses, taking their time. They still have some time before going to bed.
Dean is coming out of the room where the washing machine and the drier are when his phone rings. He smiles as he sees Sam’s name on the screen and picks it up. “Let me guess,” Dean says with a smug voice. “You call to ask me something related with the kitchen.”
“I’m sorry, but you know how passionate I’m about your food.” He looks at him with an obvious face and Dean can’t help chuckling as he sits and serves himself. “I think you even got better at cooking.”
“Everything is going to be fine, Dean.”
Ellen comes with the pie and she places her hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I hope you aren’t disturbing this man,” she says with a warning voice.
“About the Grace?” Hannah asks, accusingly.
Dean moans shocked when he feels Castiel’s mouth on the head of his cock. A moment ago, Cas was pressing kisses on his tummy and now his wonderful mouth is on his cock, tongue swirling and making circles and lips pressing tight. He fucks into that mouth softly, and Castiel moans against his cock, a wonderful sound echoing on Dean’s skin, making him go insane.
“Dean freaking Winchester.” She spits out every word, showing that she is clearly pissed off and determined. Dean looks at her cautiously. “Grow a pair and confess your feelings to the ex-angel that saved your ass from hell, or I swear that—”
Castiel gasps. “Yes, please.”
“Yes, I did,” Castiel answers, rolling onto his back as well, putting even more distance in between them. “I want to thank you again for staying with me last night.”
Dean looks around. He doesn’t know how big the place is, but he bets that it is huge. This is where angels and demons go when they die, and probably where the monsters that die in purgatory go too, so this place must hold a lot of beings.
After Rowena departs, Dean decides to remain in his bedroom, reading one of the books he purchased a few weeks ago. He tries to put all of his attention into the words, to let himself be immersed in the fictional world, but his mind keeps thinking about Cas, worrying about him, knowing that something’s going on with him.
“How dare you!” Dean quickly stands up, feeling indignant about Castiel’s comment. He goes to the bookshelf and he quickly finds what he’s looking for, letting out a playful laugh. “Look what I found.
He pulls away with a wet sound and he brings Castiel down so they can kiss passionately, making happy, little moans in it.
Castiel hums in affirmation. “You can read them. You don’t need my permission.”
Castiel smiles cockily, but a bit shyly before he kisses Dean desperate. The kiss doesn’t last too long, because he is soon pulling away to get his mouth on his cock. Dean makes a surprised gasp and he tilts his head up, placing his hands on Cas’ hair.
Castiel kisses him, softly, but deeply, and Dean cups his face, humming into the kiss. The ex-angel slides on top of Dean to kiss him properly, placing his hands on Dean’s jaw. They only pull away to get some needed air, and then, they continue kissing, holding each other.
But he doesn’t think he is going to be able to say goodbye to Cas at all. Because it hurts too much knowing that he won’t see Cas again. It will feel just like it did when Cas died. He can’t say goodbye to the love of his life; he just can’t. It is too hard, too painful.
They said goodbye to each other. Castiel was going to have to come back there in a few days to talk about some things with his brother. They had agreed to meet at least one day per week to discuss things about the country. Also, Dean, Sam, Jessica, Charlie, Dorothy and Kevin would meet with them at least two times a month. Although if something urgent happened, or some change was needed, they could come in without invitation.
Slowly, the pace of their rhythm increases. They look at each other, loving the expressions on their faces, the flush on their chests, the view of their parted lips and the way their eyes look as they keep making love.
“Why?” Cas asks after a long silence.
“I’m really curious to know what you got me.” He puts another fork of pie, tasting the wonderful pecan. “Tell me what it is,” he says with a childish voice.
Sam bitchfaces him and then, he rolls his eyes. “Anyway, sorry for teasing you with Cas and all of that.”
The sound came again, closer and louder, and Dean opened the door and got out to the porch, finding nothing. He knew he had heard those sounds, but it seemed he was alone. The skin of his nape felt a chilly sensation, making it appear goosebumps. Something was definitely not right and Dean had all his senses in alert, waiting for that something.
When they arrive in Grand Forks, Sam is already awake. They find the closest motel and they pay for two rooms, one for Sam and one for Dean and Cas. It is already night and it is too late to put on their fed suits and go to the morgue and talk to the families, so they just eat something and head towards their rooms to sleep.
Dean arches a brow. Cas hasn’t asked him this before and Dean was wondering when he would. Dean is used to give blowjobs to many clients and he was confused that Cas didn’t ask him for a blowjob before. “Perfect.”
“If we can't kill him or trap him...” Sam doesn’t finish his sentence and instead just shakes his head, almost in defeat.
“Do you wanna come with me and some friends to a bar and have some fun?” He offers.
“Fanfic trope?” Dean asks in a frown. He stops walking because they have reached Charlie’s bedroom door.
Sam has seen them together kissing and holding each other, but he has barely seen them being intimate together. It isn’t that Dean is ashamed of what he and Cas have, he is so fucking proud and happy about it, but he likes to keep some things to themselves, because he is a bit afraid of losing everything if someone else sees them being intimate. It is stupid, Dean knows it; as stupid as not saying the L-word out loud even when he feels that way. But he believes that if he keeps some part of this to themselves, it will be more difficult to lose Cas and what they have.
“You okay?” Castiel mumbles, turning his face to look at Dean’s. He gives him a soft look, but Dean can see the worry in it.
“It’s too early,” he protests being grumpy and cute at the same time.
Castiel aligns against Dean and slides inside him, making the two of them moan at the feeling. Dean closes his eyes and tilts his head up, biting his lip as he feels Cas filling him. He is soon fully buried inside him, waiting for Dean to adjust around himself, and as they both wait, they kiss. Castiel cups his face, his thumbs moving soothingly on Dean’s cheeks while Dean caresses Cas’ nape and back.
Castiel sighs. “
He closes his eyes, picturing Cas’ face, hearing his love confession. Dean wants to tell him that he loves him too, but he won’t do that in his prayer. Cas deserves to hear it when they are face to face. He owes him that.
“I could. The sunrise looks beautiful. It must be nice to run this early.”
“Well, thanks for everything,” Dean begins to say as he closes the file. “If you find something unusual, don’t doubt to give us a call.”
But Kevin makes his way to stand in front of Dean. “Dean, I know you forgot him, but not completely. Dude, you had that look people in love in the movies have. You clearly still feel something for him. He left you speechless, and that isn’t something that usually happens to you.”
Dean smiles and he caresses Cas’ arms. “So, you still have some time with me?”
“Don’t!” Dean pleads.
Castiel chuckled. He admired how well Charlie adapted to the situation and how skillful she was. “And I don’t, Lady Heinlein. But my fiancée likes them.”
“I came to in a meadow. There was an old windmill with a garden near a quiet brook. Then I walked here.”
“I can stop if you want me to,” Dean suggests, pulling away and giving Cas a teasing look.
“Of course!”
While Jack chooses to divide his time equally between Earth and Heaven, Cas mostly spends all his time on Earth. Dean is so damn happy to have Cas around, living with him and Sam, but at the same time, Dean is scared that Cas will eventually grow tired of this life. He is an angel, after all, a celestial wavelength; he was made for bigger and better things than spending his days with a fucked up hunter.
But the problem is that Cas wasn’t in a good shape in Purgatory. Dean is sure that Purgatory had some kind of bad effect on him, and that’s why he had a hard time climbing to that portal, why he couldn’t hold onto Dean’s hand.
He keeps fucking Cas, getting his cock in and out of Cas, loving every face and sound he makes. He kisses Cas whenever he can, until one of them has to moan. They keep rocking their hips, colliding once in a while, but they have found a wonderful and maddening rhythm that makes Dean’s hips go faster.
He takes a deep breath, lets himself sit down, presses his back against the cold wall of the cave, and he grabs his angel blade before he crosses his arms.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled.
His free hand caresses the trench coat. If he lets go of the trench coat, he knows he will fall apart, and that’s the last thing they need right now. Dean knows he needs to keep himself together, no matter how hard it is.
“What is it?” Castiel asked to Charlie, fearing the worst.
“No, Dean,” Cas replies shaking his head.
Castiel doesn’t move his eyes from his mug, but he smiles. “Yes, I did.”
Before summoning her, they had to go to the Impala to gather everything, because after they started kissing, they forgot about all the stuff they brought with themselves.
“I am not so sure of that.”
“I could stop doing this,” Dean teases, pressing his fingers on Cas’ scalp. This time, the sound Cas makes is closer to a soft moan than a purring. “You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“Yeah, that’s more than okay, Your Highness,” Dean said.
“Dean. Dean Winchester,” Dean said. “And yours?”
Every once in a while, they share a few kisses, but only when they know none of their foods are in danger of being burnt. It is something so domestic and it is a fucking bliss for Dean.
Cas steps inside. “I thought you were going to sleep.”
“Sam told me that there’s a book fair in Lebanon,” Castiel begins to say as he watches the bacon closely, giving it way too much attention, but Dean finds it adorable. “Maybe we could go. Unless we find a case.”
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Castiel asks.
Dean, Cas, Sam and Eileen stare at Chuck in shock.
“It’s complicated,” Dean answers, because that is the best answer he can give her.
“When haven’t I driven safe, Sammy?” Dean asks with an obvious face.
Castiel and Sam chuckle and Dean glares them. “Fuck you both.”
“Don’t worry. I understand that this isn’t easy.” He strokes Dean’s face and he presses a sweet little kiss on Dean’s lips. “My poor little Dean,” he says with a sad smile. He combs Dean’s hair. “I hate seeing you this bad and knowing I can’t do anything.”
Somehow, Sam manages to get Dean away from Lucifer. Dean still tries to go after him, but Sam makes sure to have a strong grip on his brother, keeping him in place.
Dean pulls down Castiel’s boxers and wraps his lips around his half hard cock, moaning at the feeling of Castiel’s cock under his tongue.
“What? Really?” Dean asks, once again feeling delighted about the possibility of not having to go back to the horrible motel.
“Yes, I am. You like to point that out every time.”
“I can tell.” He chuckles. He cups Dean’s face with one of his hands and kisses him dirtily, trying to taste Dean’s come in his mouth. Dean arches one of his eyebrows in a suggestive way. Castiel smiles and licks his own lips. “I like your come.”
“The fuck are you talking about?” Dean asks.
Dean looks at Cas, who is focused on the contents on the table, trying to add them to the right box. Dean walks to him and he grabs his hand, catching his attention.
“Yes, please.” He drinks the remaining of his beverage as well and then, the two of them lie on their bed, covering themselves up to their noses. “I’m still a bit cold.”
As she sends them the picture, Sam appears, and he greets the three of them as he collapses onto the last free sofa, clearly exhausted by the shopping. “I am not moving from this sofa in an hour.” Sam breathes out. Dean, Cas and Charlie chuckle. “If you don’t like these gifts after all this exhausting shopping, I swear I will kick your asses.”
“You two are adorable,” Charlie says with a high pitched voice.
“I put them when they’re done. I like putting them in the squares.”
“Cas,” Sam says once Dean has put the patties on the grill. “When some of the vegetables in your orchard begin to grow, would you mind giving us some to eat at home?”
He walked away.
“Okay,” Castiel says nodding, leaning onto Dean’s touch.
Castiel turns and walks towards Dean, until he is in front of him. “You need to rest, Dean.”
“Yes, you’ve told me.” Castiel says nodding.
The first thing Dean does is go to the bathroom to relieve himself. Once he is done, he takes off his clothes, except his underwear and his t-shirt and he gets in the bed, his back immediately thanking being rested on a mattress. Dean sighs contently. This motel is really good. There aren’t weird stains or strange smells. He has been in too many motels and this is one of the best. It is clean and the mattress is wonderful.
Dean exhales sharply. “I know that you don’t trust me, and I get it, and you might think that I don’t love you, but this time, if you decide to start over, I promise you I won’t hurt you again, Cas. I won’t hurt you ever. I would rather go to hell than hurt you again.” Castiel wants to believe Dean, but he can’t. “I’m aware these are words, but I truly mean them, Cas.”
“I can’t do much with the fucking plaster, and I remembered that time when we got pretty bad in a hunt in California and the doctor gave us some therapeutic marijuana, and we had a lot of fun, so I thought we could do it again. Besides, you keep saying that I should give you joints instead of cigarettes.” He smirks and Castiel rolls his eyes. “What? You don’t wanna…”
Dean gets so angry that he yells and tells them that he shouldn’t have come back. Then, he throws the books on the table to the floor, scattering. He knows he is getting his anger and his frustration get the better of him, but he is just so tired of things falling apart once they get too close to anything.
“What was necessary,” she answers with a wicked smile.
Naturally, everything is eaten and not a single thing is left. Even they don’t leave a single slice of pie, despite of being quite full after dinner. That’s why all of them don’t move from the table for a while; because they are really full and no one of them seems to have enough strength or will to move a single muscle.
“Why don’t you just grab the whole tray?” Dean says with all the sarcasm of his being. Castiel laughs at that.
“I know that,” Sam said. Cas kept walking in the distance, approaching the house, he was still far, but it could be seem perfectly that it was him. “But you love him, you should try to do something, Dean.”
He chuckles. “You are going to like it. I’m sure they even have pies.”
“May I?” he asks pointing the package of tobacco Dean’s holding on his other hand.
When they pull away, both of them are grinning. Castiel loves it when Dean is happy, when he is smiling and there are crinkles on the corner of his beautiful eyes. He looks at his boyfriend, letting himself get lost in the forest of his eyes, cupping his beautiful face.
“Do you wish me to bring you coffee?” Cas asks, gently.
“Have you ever played pool, Cas?”
Lucifer looks to that place, but he doesn’t really seem to care about Rowena at the moment.
“I’m not having this argument right now!” he yells and turns around showing his back to Cas.
It’s been a while since he spent his weekends doing things like that or seeing his friends. Sometimes he goes to a bar and finds a woman or a man and he has sex, but lately he hasn’t been in the mood for it. It’s not that he doesn’t want to have sex, but lately he’s been getting tired of casual one night stands. He doesn’t want a relationship, but he doesn’t want to spend the night with a stranger either. Sometimes he’s at a point where he doesn’t want anything at all. It has happened a couple of times.
“How did Cas summon the Empty?” Sam repeats. He is making a face that means that Sam is trying to find a missing piece of a puzzle. Dean knows him well enough to know that Sam has asked himself that question repeatedly. “You said that Billie was after you two and then Cas summoned the Empty, but you never told me how he did that.”
Cas’ eyes go directly to the other bandage; it is partially hidden under Dean’s underwear except on the hip. Cas’ hands go to his boxers and he takes them off slowly. The hunter lifts his hips, helping him to take them off completely. It has been a while since he was completely naked on their bed.
“You seem good lately. Happy, even,” Cas comments. Dean looks at him, surprised. “You—” He chuckles. “We have a broken tape deck, we drove this whole way without music, and you did not complain once.”
“Big change.”
Dean is scared of what might have gotten Cas out of Purgatory.
“Okay. But first let me see your toes. You almost shook me out of bed with that hit,” he says as he walks towards Dean, who chuckles and places his foot on the bed so Castiel can look at it better. Some of his toes are a bit swollen. “Does it still hurt you?” Dean shakes his head. “You should put some ice to reduce the inflammation.”
“Bite me, Dean.”
“What’s wrong?” Castiel asks, standing up from his chair and walking towards Dean.
Days later, Sam and Dean find about the existence of a Hand of God, an object they might use against Amara, but they need to travel back in time, so they decide to call Cas, hoping that he might know how to do that. Cas tells them that he can make them travel back despite having lost his wings. Sam doesn’t seem convinced, but Dean is. They have a chance to beat Amara and Dean isn’t going to waste it.
“Dean,” Castiel says. He moves from Dean, who is completely clean, and lies on his side so he can be face to face with Dean. “You don’t have to ask me that kind of thing. If you want to wear them, wear them, and if you don’t, then don’t. It’s your body.”
Dean finally finds the Chinese restaurant, thanks to the green and red neon light of it and he parks the car in a free spot and he stops the car, turning to look at Cas, whose eyes are focused on the raindrops that run down the windshield. Dean knows that they will part from the house in a couple of days, and both feel sad about it, but they know they have to go back to the bunker and keep hunting.
. He looks at the file perplexed. Dean made a video? Seriously? He was expecting something very different from this, to be honest. He has already opened the envelope, so it would be a nonsense to not play the video right now. Castiel takes a deep breath and clicks on the video, wondering what the content might be.
“We are it too,” Castiel whispers as he grabs Dean’s hand and pulls him towards the bed. Both of them get into the comfortable mattress and Dean buries his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck, tangling their limbs together, and the ex-angel holds him tighter, smiling. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Castiel licks his lips as he sees Dean’s hand playing with his cock. Dean smirks as he bites his lower lip and he starts to jerk himself off, as slow as possible, because that’s how Cas wants it. He even spreads his legs so Cas can have a better view of Dean touching himself. Something that makes Cas’ grin to go wider.
With Sam’s help, Dean stands up and they run towards Cas, who is already salting Mr. Bellamy’s skeleton. Sam grabs the gas and starts to drop the flammable liquid on the corpse, but again, he is interrupted, because the ghost moves him away from the grave, making Sam fly off. Cas and Dean suffer the same fate, but this time, the ghost comes directly to Cas, and he places his hand on Cas’ heart, and Cas starts to scream painfully.
He feels safe.
“I’m gonna miss this cabin,” Dean announces as he places his clothes on top of the bed.
Dean takes a deep breath. It is just his dream trying to make Dean hate himself less. The real Cas doesn’t see him like this. Cas has seen his soul and he must have seen how broken Dean truly is. There is no way the real Cas would ever think anything of what dream Cas has just said.
Castiel puts the omelette on a plate and he walks towards the kitchen table, where the salad is already waiting for him. He eats in silence, like he always does. He could put some music, but of course, every single song reminds him of Dean. From Queen to Mozart. It doesn’t matter if the lyrics don’t have to do with love, or if there aren’t lyrics at all.
Cas cups his face and kisses him sweetly, with a tiny hint of neediness in it, never stopping the movements of his hips, grinding into Dean and clenching around him whenever Dean hits that sweet spot, making the two of them moan and tremble. It is too much, and they both know it, but they need it so bad.
Dean switches off the lights and both of them fall asleep easily.
They take off their clothes next to each other, looking every now and then at each other’s bodies, smiling as they do so. They will get to see each other naked and make love soon, but that is something that can wait. Right now, what they really want is to be together, hold each other as they fall asleep, and see each other when they wake up tomorrow.
Castiel couldn’t help smiling, sweetly. “No, I don’t.” He would never hate him. He knew it. He looked at Dean, who was focused on his drawing, stealing a couple of glances at Cas to made sure his drawing was accurate. As Castiel looked at him, he felt a puncture in his heart. He always felt that puncture when he thought about losing Dean. As long as they had these woods they were safe, but Castiel feared for being forbidden to see Dean. “Dean,” he said. Dean hummed, indicating him to go on. “I love you so much.” He wanted to express his fears, but he knew that Dean felt those same fears too. He didn’t want to stain their moments together with fears, speaking out what they both knew. For now they were safe, and they should be happy. They didn’t need to worry about that.
“What?” Dean asks.
“You’re welcome.” He stands up and walks towards the desk, where Cas keeps some wipes. Dean cleans his hands and then throws the used wipe in the bin. When he turns around, Castiel is standing and grabbing his t-shirt. “Do you need anything else?”
“Four.”
“Because I didn’t know if you would have stopped me.”
“Yeah.”
Dean decides to keep researching. He is sitting on the motel’s bed, with his laptop on his lap, reading articles about some of the missing persons. Sam is asleep on the other bed, undisturbed by the sounds of the thunder.
“No. I’m just restless.” He lifts the cigarette to his lips and takes a small drag. From the corner of his eye, he sees that Cas isn’t surprised by watching him smoke. “You knew I smoked?”
“Great.”
They stay like that for a while, in silence. Dean caresses Cas’ chest and Cas caresses Dean’s hair. It’s great to be able to do this without having to say a word or without having to initiate anything, just the two of them cuddling, enjoying being together, holding each other.
Finding Sam is hard and complicated. And when they get close to Sam’s location, a woman slams her car against the Impala, leaving Mary unconscious. The woman waits by her car and she starts to beat Dean first and then Cas. The two of them keep fighting against her, but she is both strong and skilled, so Dean and Cas end up on the floor while she points a gun at them. However, they are saved when Mary kills her by stabbing her.
Castiel nods and moves his head away from the doorpost. “Thanks.” He takes a deep breath and he combs his hair, messing it even more. “I’m sorry for this, I’m not feeling really good at the moment.” He rubs his face after those words and he looks at Dean, who is still worried about him. “You should leave, Dean. I don’t want to retain you.”
Castiel hums. “It’s a shame we don’t get to see the many incredible things in space.”
“Trust me, he’s not exaggerating at all,” Sam says with a grimace. “Rock concerts are really loud. And smelly.” He laughs with the last word and Cas’ frown only deepens.
“I’m taking him to a room where I can heal him.”
Castiel understood why Dean was so upset. Because he feared for his life. “Dean,” Castiel said, softly and sweetly. He cupped his face, tenderly. Dean tried to fight against his touch, but he gave up and let Castiel cradle his face. “Meg wants to be Queen, as much as Lucifer wants to be King. Meg won’t be Queen until she marries me, so she can’t do anything until I become King and we get married.”
Truth is, that Dean really adores having Sam, Cas and Charlie in the bunker. Even when they are in separate rooms, it feels awesome. They are most of the time laughing and having fun. This is being Dean’s best Christmas so far, although it wasn’t something really hard to achieve. Dean barely remembers when his mother was still alive and they celebrated Christmas; he is sure that it had to be wonderful, but he can’t remember it. But he will remember this Christmas, and hopefully, next year it will be as great as this or even better, and the next year, and the next one, and so on.
Dean doesn’t know if he is disappointed or glad about it. All he knows is that it hurts.
Dean comes out from under the 1965 Mustang he was fixing. He has always liked cars and fixing them is something that calms him quite well. Whenever he spends a week in Sioux Falls, Dean always spends some time fixing a car or two.
“Yeah, baby bro, just spit it out.”
“I love it when you curse,” he says, grinning.
Ezekiel finds Cas. Sam and Dean drive towards the place where Cas is. They don’t know what is waiting on the other side of the door, but Dean doesn’t care. He bursts it open. He finds Cas on an armchair, with several wounds on his chest, and in front of him there is a young woman, a reaper, with an angel blade.
The mere thought makes Dean’s stomach twist and the pain in his chest gets worse.
“Hey Cas.” Dean says getting in.
When they finish their dinner, Castiel insists on helping Dean to wash the dishes, after all, he says that Dean cooked and that’s the last Castiel can do to thank him. As they wash and dry the dishes, Dean finds that he likes having Cas next to him, really close. The blue eyed man gives him a nice sensation that Dean doesn’t know how to describe, but it is a good one.
Castiel looks at her, with his lips parted, unable to say a word, while Dean and Sam look at Billie, confused and shocked.
“I called Claire and she taught me how to get a fake credit card,” Castiel confesses as he stands up and throws the wet bandage. “I knew that you could track me by looking at my credit card records, so I got myself a new one to avoid being located. Also, I switched off my phone and removed the battery to also avoid being located.” He sits down on the bed, next to Dean, leaving only a few inches in between them. “I should have added some wards against witchcraft, but I didn’t think you would want to find me.”
“Guess we didn’t change that much.” He props his head on the wall and he gives him that intense look, as if he wanted to stare into his soul. Castiel breaks the eye contact. He doesn’t need or want that stare. If he looks at those eyes, he is afraid that Dean might find something that he doesn’t want him to find. He knows Dean can’t do such thing, but still, Castiel wants to avoid that stare. “Cas, what’s wrong?” The question comes full of worry and with a bit of sadness.
“You didn’t do anything either.” He gives him an obvious look and Cas makes an agreement face. “We’re just a couple of dumbasses.” Or maybe a couple who didn’t want to have something that would only last for a few weeks. But Dean isn’t sure that Cas feels the same.
“Just wait a minute!” Dean answers anxiously.
Rowena nods. “In order to destroy the relics, you will need to smash them with something made of iron, covered in holy water, salt and the blood of someone who’s been to Hell.”
Dean’s grip on the steering wheel tightens, but he doesn’t say a word. He knows Cas is upset, and irritated with him, but Dean really doesn’t want to talk about it right now. He just wants to get back to the bunker and rest and sleep next to his husband, who is a bit mad at him.
“More like an assbutt.”
When they are done, they step out of the shower and they dry, going to the bedroom to get dressed. Cas puts on a blue Henley t-shirt and Dean loves it. Blue really suits him, and it makes his blue eyes stand even more. He smiles at him and Castiel frowns confused, not knowing why Dean is smiling at him like that, but Dean doesn’t explain. He simply starts removing the sheets, because they have come and lube in then and they need to be washed. Cas helps him to remove them and to put some clean ones.
“Dean?” She asks worried. “You okay?”
“What?” Dean asks with a mouth full of bacon.
Thank you so damn much for reading, for the wonderful comments, the kudos, the bookmarks and the subscriptions :')
Castiel moans before he bites his lower lip. Dean kisses the spot behind Castiel’s ear, making Castiel roll his hips again, rubbing their cocks one more time, feeling how they harden. Dean steals a quick kiss from Castiel’s lips before he settles in between Castiel’s legs, resting his hands on his hipbones. He starts kissing and sucking the inner of Cas’ thighs, leaving hickeys. The ex-angel spreads his legs a little bit more, making a perfect v.
“Yes, it is,” Castiel says. “Still, I would recommend you to keep the hex bag close, just in case.”
“Okay. I’ll be right back.”
But it’s not only the acting thing that has Castiel feeling like everything is falling apart. There’s also Dean. He knows he will have to leave him again and it hurts him. He wants to stay with him, but it isn’t a good idea. Castiel spends like ninety percent of his time out of home. Dean wouldn’t stand having Cas and not having him, although that’s their deal with this thing they have, isn’t it? He’s assuming that Dean feels the same way as he does, which is unlikely. He knows that Dean cares about him, but he doesn’t think that Dean has feelings for him.
Cas speeds up when he feels Dean’s cock twitching in his mouth. He presses his lips tighter and his tongue plays around Dean’s shaft in a way that has Dean arching his back from the bed and curling his toes. He feels his orgasm building as Cas keeps blowing him with steady bobs.
Without thinking about it, Dean walks to the bedside table, opens the drawer, places Cas’ grace in there, and then he grabs his journal. As he holds it, Dean walks towards the empty side of the bed, and sits next to Cas, who has already finished changing into his borrowed pajamas. He gives Dean a curious look as Dean hands him the journal.
Dean chuckles. “Yeah. Just need to catch my breath.”
Castiel chuckles and immediately kisses him happily.
Dean rolls his eyes. “So fucking literal.” He sighs and stands up, bookmarking the page before closing the book. “Alright, let’s take a walk.” He doesn’t miss the beautiful smile Castiel makes. “Should we get some umbrellas?” he asks as he gets inside the bedroom, putting the book on the bedside table.
He creates a circle, struggling at first to get all the dots in the circumference, but after a few attempts, he manages to place the circle on top of every single dot.
But Dean gives in. Because Sam is right; they still have to try.
“Of course I know what it means, Dean! I’m not stupid!” Castiel yelled, irritated. This conversation was leading them to nowhere.
Castiel smiles happily and pleased with himself. “It’s a really nice compliment coming from the best cook in the world.”
He rocks his hips, matching Dean’s rhythm and he clenches around him, which makes Dean moan, “Cas— Cas— Fuck.”
Dean doesn’t need to see his brother and his mother to know that they must be looking at each other with puzzled expressions.
“You too, Dean,” Cas says.
“That’d be awesome,” Dean says, turning his face to look at Cas. “You really don’t mind?”
Castiel makes a shy smile and Dean finds himself smiling too.
In the end, they manage to turn Chuck human without him realizing about it until it is too late. And then, when he sees that he is powerless, when he has seen that Jack has absorbed all his powers, he still tries to make it epic and dramatic; tries to turn Sam and Dean into people they aren’t.
“I was being sarcastic, Cas,” he said a bit exasperated and giving him an obvious look. Castiel sighed and buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, breathing into his characteristic smell. “And he doesn’t suspect about the increasing number of your horse rides either?”
“My alarm will sound at three in the morning and that will wake you up.”
“Jerk.” There’s a silence in between the two of them. The only sounds come from the monitors that monitor John’s observations while he’s still in coma and the noises the two brothers make as they eat their chocolate. Sam sighs after a while. “Can I ask you something Dean?”
“Don’t listen to him, baby,” Dean says with a pout.
“Okay,” Sam says with a sympathetic smile.
“Awesome, right?” Dean asks.
Dean smiles. “No, I don’t.”
“Yeah, but you aren’t like that people, are you?” She makes her wonderful and warm smile. “Come in.” She moves away from the door and Dean comes in.
He still fears things, but it’s easy to put his worries and fears in the back of his mind for now.
He keeps driving to their destiny, feeling that overwhelming and familiar pang in his chest.
“But I’ve changed.”
“Yeah, I do,” he says before kissing him.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean moans and groans. He presses their foreheads together, feeling Cas’ raggedy breath caressing his lips. “There— there— Cas!” he moans when Cas’ cock goes directly to that wonderful spot.
If only they had had more time while Lucifer was trapped in that holy ring of fire, Cas might have probably come home with them.
Dean has to bring his hand to his mouth to control his laughter, but he can’t. Cas is soon laughing too, but not as loud or as hysterically as Dean, but still, it makes Dean’s laughter last for longer. He even keeps laughing while he cooks, although it has become softer. “Man, you’re unbelievable.”
“Cas, please,” Dean begs, trying to keep his voice steady but failing. “Don’t—”
After staying in the park for a really long time, they decide to go shopping. They grab new clothes, not only for them, but also for Sam and Charlie. Dean buys a couple of records too and he and Cas buy a couple of books. They also grab some souvenirs, like a teddy dressed like the Statue of Liberty, because Cas finds it adorable and even if Dean rolls his eyes, he can’t say no to Cas when he looks so happy with it.
“What do you mean?”
“Yeah, that sounds about right,” Cas grunts.
Castiel nodded before Dean pulled him. They run upstairs until they reached Dean’s bedroom. All the gas lamps were illuminating the room, painting the darkness of it in shades of orange and yellow. Dean pulled Cas closer, placing one of his hands on Cas’ jaw, feeling his stubble on his palm, while his other rested on Cas’ hip. They were breathing hard, filled with anticipation and arousal. Castiel looked at him and placed his hands on Dean, one on Dean's jaw and the other on his hip, mirroring him, and then, Castiel removed the inches that separated them and kissed Dean.
“We can still sleep until late,” Castiel says as he gets up, walking towards where he left Dean’s toiletry bag. “There is no rush.”
But he didn’t only come to the bookstore to give Charlie that gift; he also wanted to have lunch with Dean, and like always, they had a great time together.
“Mechanical engineering.”
He gets his answer when they met Cas. He remembers who and what he is, but apart from that, Cas has gone crazy and he talks about random stuff like bees, cat’s penises and poetry. But the worst part is that Dean can see that in between moments, the Cas he knows is there, but he only appears once in a while and he is soon taken down by this current crazy version.
Things aren’t as broken as they used to be, and Dean knows they won’t be that broken again.
Still, Dean decides not to mention anything about any of that. But once he and Cas are alone in the motel room, Dean decides to take a shot and have a conversation with Cas.
“Are you going to kiss me every time I smile?” he asks with a smirk.
“You are freaking talented, Cas. Really.” Dean says impressed. The paintings are beyond beautiful.
Suddenly, somebody is grabbing his hand and Dean looks around, ready to hack at that somebody's neck, but his hand relaxes when he spots the unmistakable blue eyes of Castiel. Even in the rain, those eyes can be spotted without any effort.
“Only sometimes. But mostly because it makes you smile.”
episode. They are holding hands and pressed together during the whole episode. Dean likes this intimacy with Cas. He finds himself really comfortable with everything they do and he enjoys everything a lot.
“Cas, stop beating yourself over it.”
“I know I didn’t do my best to protect you in the past,” Castiel continues, looking at their hands. “But I was better than I am now.”
“And by the way, how’s work doing?” she asks interested.
“I thought you weren’t going to be able to undo my belt,” Castiel sasses.
“I’m sure he knew, Dean,” Sam says. It is strange, to see Sam trying to be the strong one, to be the one who remains calm. Dean has always taken that role. “I’m sure Cas knew you loved him.”
Dean walks back home. He can’t help remembering when he and Cas were coming back from Sam and Jess’ place and they found that guy that worked for Naomi and they started to run away from him. Cas kissed him that night. Dean closes his eyes for a few seconds and he remembers the feel of Cas kissing him. That night was so awesome. Everything about that night was fucking awesome.
“Don’t—” Cas begins.
“Yeah,” Dean says.
“Yeah, I was just about to go and eat something. It’s lunch time.”
Castiel takes a deep breath. “Why did you do this?”
Gabriel inhaled sharply. “Well, I don’t have any idea how to be the damn King.” He gave him a satiric look, but Castiel kept looking at him with a straight face. “But it’s my responsibility.” He got his hands in his pockets and shrugged. That was something he did when he felt both sorry and guilty. “I guess it’s time for me to stop running away and do what I should. I left you alone and you had to go through all that crap. My leaving only caused you to carry more burdens that you had to, and I have always hated myself for that.”
“Healing you is never a waste of my grace,” Castiel remarks.
“What do you want for supper?” Dean asks as they walk inside the cabin.
After Jack has finished his speech, he smiles at them and says, “Goodbye.”
“Why would parties be only restricted to bachelors?” Castiel asks, tilting his head and looking at Dean, because Sam hasn’t cleared his doubts. Dean looks at him and he finds his boyfriend too adorable. “Are there parties only for people who are dating someone or married too?” His questions only make Dean smile and Castiel keeps been bewildered. “Why are you smiling? What’s so funny?”
“Don’t you dare to give the horse my name,” Dean said with a warning voice, accompanied with a glare.
“So, can I ask the plan?” Cas asks.
The woman asks.
“Tonight,” Castiel answers as he puts on his t-shirt. Dean loves how well that piece of cloth marks his muscly arms. “Although I might come later than usually. I’ll drop by ten, more or less.”
Castiel wants to run after him and explain him things, but his legs don’t work, they feel extremely heavy, avoiding him to move and his voice seems to be gone. He fucked it up. He fucking fucked it up so bad.
Dean chuckles. “Awesome.”
“Yeah she is,” Sam answers. “She is also willing to make sure that you two are actually dating.”
He rubs his sore eyes and takes a shaky breath.
Castiel wanted to say something, but instead of talking, he stood up and placed himself in front of Dean, trying to protect him. Dean stood up, too, and tried to get in front of Castiel, but Castiel avoided it. The blue eyed teenager was about to try to talk to his Father, but his Father pushed him away, throwing him a few feet away from the oak. His Father had always been a strong man and he could manhandle anyone without any effort at all.
Dean chuckled and shook his head. “I doubt it. I just sold some drawings to some people that came to the workshop and they saw them and liked them.”
Sam makes a thoughtful pout. “That’s possible. We haven’t run into a ghost that powerful yet.”
As promised, Sam drives faster than he has ever driven.
Things get worse when Sam and Dean interrogate Donatello and he uses some magic to suffocate Dean. Sam has to carry Dean away from the dungeon, and Cas is quickly running to his side, looking worried and terrified. He places his hand on Dean’s arm, trying to comfort him and keep him in place, or maybe to just let him know that he is there. Whatever the reason, Dean really appreciates it.
Castiel keeps thrusting in and out of Dean, increasing his speed, hitting Dean’s sweet spot with every thrust and Dean clenches around him every single time. Dean feels his orgasm building, faster than usually. He wants to last for a little longer, because it feels so damn good, but Cas keeps fucking him with mind blowing thrusts that he knows that he can’t hold on for longer.
Maybe it is because he wants to thank him over and over again this detail. Or maybe because he is tired of fighting against what he feels for Cas. He isn’t sure. It is late, and it has been a very emotive day for Dean, he is tired, too tired, so he doesn’t know what he is exactly doing.
“I’ve been thinking about getting a tattoo,” Castiel says out of the blue.
“Again!” Castiel yells.
Dean threatens the leviathan to shoot him if he doesn’t help them find the blossom, so the leviathan agrees to show them where it is, but before he starts walking, Dean asks him if he knows where Benny is. The leviathan tells him that Benny died years ago, ripped by his own kind.
“I’m okay as long as you don’t use anything that tears my skin apart.” He looks down and he remembers the marks Alastair left on his skin when he tied him with a spiky belt on his wrists and ankles. Alastair had tightened the belts so hard that Dean had bled.
But Cas is still ashes spread on a beautiful meadow. And Dean is still a man grieving the love of his life.
Dean can see in her eyes that she is moved. She is also smiling and blushing slightly. Dean is processing her words, locking them inside his mind to pay attention to each word later.
Dean kept leaving a trail of kisses on Castiel’s body; on his collarbone, on his chest, on his nipples, where he lingered under he felt them hardening under his persistent tongue, and on his belly. When he reached Castiel’s cock, he wrapped his lips around it, slowly swallowing him. Castiel immediately brought both of his hands to Dean’s hair and rolled his hips, groaning as he felt the wonderful heat and wetness of Dean’s mouth around him. Dean moaned around his cock, pleased at the feeling, and he began to bob his head up and down, hollowing his cheeks and swirling his tongue around the shaft, driving Castiel crazy.
But he wasn’t going directly to the sin district. It was a dangerous place unless you knew it, and Dean avoided going to that part of the capital, but he knew a friend who could help him; Ash.
“Of course,” Sam said, nodding. “I will work on it as discretely as possible.”
“Patterson, New Jersey,” Sam answers. He begins to read the news out loud, but Dean barely pays attention to what his brother is saying.
Dean smirked. “You’ll have to wait for that. I have to do a lot of details.”
Castiel sighs, sadly. “Yes, I did.” He looks down, ashamed, and he gives a soft squeeze to Dean’s hand. “I wanted to stay, but I was afraid of so many things.”
“No, it’s not that, Dean.” He sighs and takes a look around. “I really want to be here with you, I really do. The thing is that I don’t feel comfortable with you waiting for me whenever someone wants to take a picture with me.”
Dean smiles and kisses Cas again before they head towards the bathroom.
“I see that you gave them a good use,” Dean says happily.
Thank you so much for reading, for the kudos, the comments, the bookmarks and the subscriptions :)
They barely say another word as they watch the movie, pressed together all the time. Dean hopes that Cas can’t hear the beating of his heart.
Dean smiles and starts the car. He presses the play button and Led Zeppelin fills the car as they drive away from the graveyard. It only takes Dean a few seconds to start drumming on the wheel and sing. Castiel looks at him with a smile.
“I know you love it more when I’m the one undressing you,” Castiel says, with an obvious look.
He knows that things could still go wrong and Cas might actually leave for good one day, but unless that happens, Cas is staying. Cas wants to stay, no matter what.
Dean traps him in a holy ring of fire because he doesn’t trust angels. When the mysterious angel wakes up, he tells him that his name is Ezekiel and that he wants to help him. He also explains that angels are pissed at Cas and that they will come to the hospital because of Dean’s open and desperate prayer.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Not everyone despises exercise like you do, Dean.”
“Cas, I— I want you around all the time,” Dean confesses, feeling how his whole face blushes. “I like having you around a lot. I’ve always had. I don’t care whether you’re an angel or a human or anything else; I like it when you are under the same roof as I am.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean manages to say.
“You are welcome.” And Dean kisses him with all the love in his heart.
Dean sighs. “Fine, but meanwhile try to find something about this shield spell and also think about other ways to talk to Rowena.”
“GET THE FUCK OUT OF HIM NOW!” Dean screams.
Billie makes a half smile. “You three have given me more power than any of you would have ever wanted me to have. You are the reason I am this powerful now, and I don’t like owing anything to anyone.” She looks at the three of them, her gaze turning sharper. “Sooner or later, each of you would have asked of something from me, claiming that I owe you for my current power, so I think that it’s better if I already pay my debt with all of you. Rowena has already received something. And Jack is in Heaven, with his mother, without the fear of the Empty dragging him to its territory.”
It’s sweet but also desperate. Sweet for all the love that they feel, and desperate for all the years they have been longing for this thing they thought they were never going to have.
“I still see flaws,” Dean said.
“No.”
“Were ya dying to get your hands on cars?” Bobby asks with a loud voice so Dean can hear it.
Dean turns his face to look at Jess. “Tell me why on earth did you marry him?”
Castiel puffs and he grabs the paper with Dean’s number on it and he saves it in his jeans’ pocket. The action is full of anger and frustration, and Dean understands it. “Anything else?”
Dean smiles and he opens his fridge, studying what he has and what he can prepare. “How about some wraps with bacon, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes?” Instead of answering, Charlie makes a sound that almost sounds like a moan. “I’ll take that as a yes.”
“Yeah, I was,” Cas says, taking a few steps closer to them. Dean’s heart keeps beating fast.
Dean takes a deep breath. In his mind, he is already planning how he is going to do this.
“What do you wanna ask me?” Dean asks, leaning a bit closer to his lover, pressing their shoulders together.
“I don’t have any preference, Dean. I enjoy everything I’ve heard you play so far.”
They have to break the kiss to get rid of their t-shirts. Dean takes Castiel’s off and then Castiel takes Dean’s off. Dean grins and cups Castiel’s face and just looks at him. Castiel looks at him, like he always does when Dean’s gaze lands on his. His tanned hands rest on Dean’s shoulders, his palm landing where the handprint used to be, and they keep staring at each other. Dean has never been good with words, but his eyes have always managed to say what words couldn’t. And Cas has learnt the language of his green eyes, and speaks it perfectly, just like Dean speaks the language of Castiel’s blue eyes.
“Yeah, well…” He looks down and sighs.
He starts to unbutton his shirt, slowly revealing his strong chest. Dean decides to focus on the bed cover, because if he keeps staring at Cas’ beautiful chest, he is going to lose his mind. However, his eyes are drawn back to Cas when Cas has taken off his dirty shirt and he hands it to Dean. Cas has beautiful tanned skin, strong arms and sharp hipbones. He is so fucking beautiful.
Cas starts to kiss Dean’s jaw, arriving to his neck later, licking and sucking the sensitive skin, making Dean moan and bite his lower lip. His mouth reaches one of Dean’s nipples, kissing it and licking it before he nibbles it. Dean lifts his hips as Cas keeps playing with it. Soon his hand finds his other nipple and toys it too. He keeps doing that for a while and he kisses Dean’s mouth briefly before he gets his mouth on Dean’s hardened cock.
“Sorry,” Dean says laughing. He rolls onto his side and kisses Cas’ shoulder. “You’re adorable when you get mad and swear.” He keeps leaving a trail of kisses, reaching Cas’ jaw.
“What are you? Twelve?” He brings the coleslaw closer to him and starts eating it. Cas eat almost half of it. “Thanks for letting me some.”
“You can do whatever you want.” Castiel says careless. He knows that once sex is over, they are back to the real world, and those great things they felt while they were fucking, aren’t there anymore.
Dean chuckles and shakes his head.
“For today there are spring rolls and I’ve gotta tell you it’s the best thing they cook here. So if I were you, I would grab a couple of them.” He points at them and Castiel nods. The cafeteria’s cooking isn’t bad, but it isn’t as good as homemade food. Sometimes they make some awesome dishes, like spring rolls or dumplings, but the rest of the food is more than average.
“I remember.” Castiel presses the button of the fifth floor and he turns to look at Dean, barely leaving any space in between them. Dean wonders if he does this with everyone or only with him. He wants to believe on the last. “But I’m not praising you; I’m only stating what’s obvious.”
“There’ve been times when I’ve been to a buffet and ate twice as tonight.”
The songs keep playing, switching from quick songs to slow ones. Eventually, everyone goes to sit around the table where they ate, chatting a little more, sharing some laughs. Claire doesn’t stop teasing them. Charlie joins her teasing. Alex chuckles. Sam can’t stop being emotional and being happy about the two of them. Jody and Donna talk about their love lives.
She is his best friend, they have known each other for years, since Dean moved out and they started a friendship. He explains her everything that has happened since Castiel came to the garage to fix his car. He ends up talking when they are putting the muffins’ dough into the molds.
“I— I was thinking about taking turns, y’know?” Dean begins to say, hating how nervous he sounds. “One night you sleep in the bed while I sleep on the couch and the next night we switch.”
Dean lets out a relief breath. “Oh fuck, that’s awesome.” He kisses Cas’ again, feeling how Cas places his hands on his back, fisting his shirt.
“I’m not upset,” Dean says, defensively.
“I couldn’t have chosen any other thing, given that I only have a GED,” Dean says with a bitch face. Castiel rolls his eyes and gives him a tiny glare; Dean forgot how much Castiel hated it when Dean considered himself less. “I knew I had to become autonomous and I decided to open a bookstore because I like books and stories. I’ve always been passionate by stories.”
Suddenly, Dean’s cell phone rings, which wakes up Sam.
“I find them amusing and pretty.” He says happily. Dean is surprised to hear that.
As he keeps stroking the tattoo, Castiel can’t help thinking about how Dean managed to make him laugh today. Dean made him laugh with the stupidest thing ever, and yet, Castiel hadn’t laughed like that for years. It was good to laugh again, even if it was for one of the dumbest things ever. But Dean always made him laugh with the silliest things. But he always made him laugh or smile. He forgot how great that felt.
Castiel dedicates him a sweet smile. “What about you? Is there any place you would want to visit in the future?”
“This ain't gonna go well.” He wants to be wrong, but he has never been a man of faith.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel murmurs before pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s lips.
Dean nuzzles Cas’ neck and kisses it before he closes his eyes and surrenders to slumber.
The carriage stopped in front of Dean’s house and Castiel got out of it. Usually, the driver had to open the door, but Castiel didn’t like that. It was a bit arduous for the driver to get off to open the door and then to go up again, so Castiel tried to avoid making him do such task.
Castiel gives his hand a soft squeeze and walks away. Dean takes another sip of his beer and leans onto the hood.
“Kid’s right.” Jody says with a smug smile.
“I can't. I'm sorry. I... I just can't.”
He pulls Dean’s mouth away, and Dean sees that Cas is starting to look like a mess; his face is already flushed and he is panting. “My turn,” he pants as he takes off Dean’s t-shirt and with his hand, he pushes Dean down onto the mattress.
“I can’t let him go through that alone.”
“I didn’t know you were coming today,” Dean says and he walks towards the fridge to get the peppers. Now that Cas is here, he is going to need one more.
Things get worse when Dean and Sam arrive to the cabin Nick was and find a circle of charred earth behind the cabin.
“Okay,” Dean says, casually.
“Well, you’ll get better, trust me. You just need to practice and stop being so pessimist about it.” He gets the two eggs on each plate and them he divides the six strips of bacon on said two plates.
“You are confusing sometimes, did you know that?” He didn’t understand why Dean found his confusion so amusing. Dean grinned. “Why are you grinning?”
They go back to their food, carefully putting the chicken and the peppers back into the tortilla. Luckily, the incident doesn’t happen again, so they enjoy their food without any interruptions.
“Should we check on the motel?” Dean asks, looking at Cas.
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, exactly.” His thumb caresses Castiel’s hipbone. “We should shower first, though.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but he smiles. “Just grab another box that doesn’t say kitchen.”
Dean’s heart melts at that. He has never given a damn about what happens to him, and even though he knows that there are people who actually care if he lives of dies, he doesn’t truly believe it. There is always that voice inside him telling him that nobody really cares about him, so it is always a relief to be told otherwise. It always makes him feel worthy.
“I am drained.” He drank the remaining of his tea and left the mug on the counter before bringing his hand to his face and pinching the bridge of his nose. Suddenly, Dean got his arms around him and held him tightly, pressing him against his chest, and he kissed Castiel’s temple. Castiel sighed; Dean’s arms were strong and safe and they had always made him feel better. He closed his eyes and buried his face in the crook of Dean’s freckled neck, feeling how Dean rubbed his back soothingly. “It’s been a long and exhausting week,” Castiel explained in a murmur. “There are so many duties I have to take care of and too many things I have to do. Also, Meg is a pain in the ass and it doesn’t seem that she is going to leave anytime soon.”
“Oh— fuck, Dean—” Castiel moans, almost wrecked.
“How are the girls?” Dean asks as he cooks the meats and the onion.
“He didn’t tell you what he was gonna cook?”
Sam scoffs. “No I don’t.”
Dean does his bitch face. “And what about all the times you have said
Castiel laughs. “Yes, a little.”
Dean looks at Cas, sitting on his right. His hair is a complete mess and some locks of his hairs are curly because of the rain. The sleeves of his sweater are rolled up almost to his elbow, and Dean can see his arms perfectly and the tattoo with his name in enochian on Cas’ inner left wrist. He is all beefy, and the sweater marks the amazing shapes of his body. Cas has always had a strong body, but lately, his body is a bit stronger, a bit thicker and a bit beefier than before, and that’s something that Dean loves.
The article that Dean and Cas read before coming to Vermont had stated that, due to the heavy and constant raining during the weekend, eight bodies were discovered in a ditch. The coroner had stated that all of the victims had been drained to dead, and that it looked as if the victims had been killed in pairs, because even thought there were eight bodies, there were only four different timestamps of death.
And if they got together, what would Dean do to keep paying the bills and Sammy’s and his studies? He knows it sounds too selfish and repent, to think about the money, but Dean has to keep earning money, because he is the only one who can take care of himself and his little brother. And if he stops earning that amount of money, they will have to say goodbye to everything. And they have already lost too much.
Dean kept moving inside Castiel, making sweet love to him, thrusting in and out of him, his cock aiming for that sweet spot that made Castiel fall over the edge. He tried to keep his eyes open; he wanted to look at Dean’s beautiful green eyes, to let himself get lost in that forest of his. His eyes were looking at him with so much love and Castiel knew he was looking at him in the same way. They had to close them when the pleasure was too high, and Castiel tilted his head up, exposing his throat and Dean kissed that spot. He knew he wanted to suck into his skin, to leave a mark that everybody could see, but they couldn’t do that.
“Almost as glad as I am I guess,” Dean joked and it made Cas chuckle. Dean looked at him, paying attention to his eyes. They were still as bright as he remembered and bluer than the sea. His eyes were the only part of Castiel’s face that didn’t look sad. “You look sadder,” Dean finally said, with a worried grimace. “What happened?”
It would have been something wonderful. Part of him wants to have that happiness, but it is too late for that. He wants to be happy like that, but not with Dean. It will never be like that with Dean. He hopes that a day will come and Castiel will find someone who makes him as happy as Dean made him, as Dean was supposed to make him if they never broke up. Castiel has tried, but he wasn’t able to be with someone more than one night. No one of those men he has slept with made him feel like Dean did. Dean and he never had sex, but still, nothing felt as good as those handjobs in the alley with all those heated kisses they shared. The last time he had sex was almost ten years ago. Nobody has made him desire sex, so Castiel stopped trying.
“There was so much going on, Cas,” Dean adds as Cas’ eyes are filled with so many emotions, one of them being hope. “And I wanted to tell you so much, but I just— I just couldn’t. You were gonna die, and you were saying all that stuff, stuff nobody’s ever told me, stuff that I could’ve never even dreamt of hearing, and as you were talking, I knew I was gonna lose you, and I was feeling so much and I—I just— Fuck, I just couldn’t say a word.”
“No, I want you to button up your coat and help us take down Leviathans,” Dean snaps, getting rid of any patience he has. He wants this to be over. He wants Cas to be alright. He needs Cas to be himself. He needs his help. And he needs him to acknowledge the leviathan problem. “Do you remember what you did?” Dean asks with resentment.
Castiel hums. “I agree. But those spells are going to take us some time. We shouldn’t go too late.”
They passed by some kids and Dean gave them some of his money so they could buy some food. The kids smiled at him and ran happily towards an old and faded building, where a young woman, who seemed to be their mother waited for them and hugged them. Dean’s heart clenched. They had tried to change the situation on this district; he had helped Charlie to change things, but they hadn’t won that fight, yet.
“There were just a couple of things to save, what is it taking you so long?” Castiel asks with his usual sassiness, interrupting Dean’s thoughts.
Ash was a genius, but he didn’t look like it. He was a nice guy and willing to help anyone who needed his help. He was an intellectual that got expelled from college for telling a Doctor that he didn’t have any fucking idea about what he was teaching and that he was wasting the time of his students. He couldn’t finish his studies, but Ash didn’t need them; he was a genius.
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Dean murmurs as he rolls over and sits on the edge of their bed. He immediately misses Cas’ warmth, but the feeling isn’t as intense as it is in the real world. It might be because here, Dean knows that he can be near Cas and touch him and hold him at any given time. He doesn’t have to fight against the feeling of wanting to be closer to Cas.
Sam looks surprised at that, but then he frowns. “But what about Cas’ grace? Did he also leave you some before he died?”
They walk to the bedroom, without switching on any lights. Dean gets in first. Seconds later, Castiel joins him.
” Now he sounds regretful.
“You want to know the real problem?” Gabriel asks with a bossy voice. He always uses that tone when he is playing the big brother seriously. “That you never forgot him. It’s been fifteen years, Cas. I think it is time to move on.”
“I know how to come back. Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said. Dean nodded. “I will see you soon, okay?” he added as he began to walk away from Dean.
“I was mad because you almost died!” Dean confesses, frustration, pain and anger slipping into his raised voice. “I almost lost you!”
Cas talks stoically and bitterly, and the warmth and emotions have left his blue eyes, replaced by a coldness and hardness that feels like a stab inside Dean’s heart.
It was the first time they shared a bed, and Dean hoped it wouldn’t be the last. It was just something so simple but so awesome. “Thanks a lot, Cas,” Dean greeted.
But why does it feel as there was something more? First the wings tattoo and now this. And Dean keeps overthinking about all those things over and over again. It has no meaning; he must admit it and stop with all this stupid nonsense. And if it had, what? Nothing would change, they would keep being only friends. But if that was the thing, then, why doesn’t Cas talk about his tattoo? He has his reasons and Dean should respect them. He knows that they won’t talk about the hug. Cas was so wrecked at that moment and he didn’t seem as he knew the reason either.
“And he wants me to help him find support to change the laws,” Charlie finished with a big grin. “And that some member of the parliament promotes these changes because that way, Castiel will only need fifty percent of the support instead of a seventy percent.”
Cas says it so casual that Dean finds himself giving him an incredulous look before he bursts into laughter. Picturing Cas wearing that pajama is really adorable, but after all, he is a grown up adult. That must be a picture worth seeing.
Dean exhales sharply and he looks away. “You overate me, Cas.”
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t know. I want to know more about you and the things you like.”
Sam makes the same chuckle. “Yeah.” He looks up and exhales sharply. “But you heard what the doctor said. He has a lot of internal bleeding, and—” He doesn’t finish the sentence and looks down again.
Dean laughs and even Cas chuckles. “See, you are starting to smile.” He points and Castiel blushes and looks down. Dean is now completely naked. He walks until he is in front of Cas. He grabs Castiel’s hands and he places them above his blue eyes. “Don’t look. It’s gonna take me a little.”
Dean chuckles. “See you, Cas.”
“Why are you so sure that he doesn’t feel that way?”
“Of course,” Dean says, with an obvious face. “He’s my best friend.”
Castiel’s frown only deepens. They are walking so fast that they are soon outside and walking towards the Impala. “No, you aren’t. Dean what’s wrong?”
“Fuck, Cas,” he says a bit embarrassed. Dean can feel how his cheeks are burning with the blush that appears.
Castiel lets out a puff. “
“Yes, I know, but—” He took a deep breath and looked down at his hands. Dean was standing next to the horse and his hand was resting on Castiel’s thigh, caressing it. “I don’t want to leave,” he said, looking at Dean, who understood his feelings. “It is funny to think how I am a Prince and I have a lot of power, that I can do almost everything that I want, but I can’t have what I truly want. At least not yet.” He grabbed Dean’s hand and they intertwined their fingers. Dean gave him a reassuring smile, knowing Castiel’s situation. “Well, I will come back as soon as I can, I promise.”
“I can’t stand people judging me for loving you,” Castiel says into his mouth and Dean feels touched by his words.
“I don’t know.” Dean simply says, trying to remain calm, feeling his mouth suddenly dry. He likes Cas, a lot. He has feelings for him, he knows it, but he hasn’t let him know yet. He doesn’t know how or when or if he should even let Cas know.
Dean presses his fingers tighter on Castiel, hoping that maybe they will leave some bruises, so Cas can have on his skin something that proves that he is Dean’s. Dean doesn’t know why he is being so possessive about Cas, why he is letting himself go. Cas is different, everything that involves Cas is different and Dean really likes it. He is enjoying his work for the first time since he started and he really likes Cas; he makes him want and need more and Dean can’t understand why, and he doesn’t care. It feels good and that’s what matters.
Dean smiles. “You big old sap.”
So Dean looks at him, not hiding any of his emotions, hoping that Cas can see in his green eyes that it is in fact Dean. If Cas could see something bright and good among the darkness and sharp edges of Dean, then he must be able to see that the person kneeling in front of him, is the real Dean.
“I reek of sex,” Castiel said, chuckling.
Castiel lights up that part and they both notice a necklace with a round and shiny stone, with shades of pink and orange.
“Yeah, I can hear you, Cas,” Dean murmurs.
But first, Dean needs to do something.
His Dean, he found his Dean after so many long years. He wanted to smile, but he kept a straight face and touched his chest, right where the necklace of the feather that Dean made was hidden under his clothes, feeling what he used to feel every time he left that room to meet Dean in the forest.
A person’s anger can be a really vicious and smart thing.
“No. Although while I was in charge of watching humanity, I could see some of your classical musicians; like Mozart, Chopin or Beethoven,” he explains casually. Sam makes an impressive face. “But I have never been there.”
“No you don’t.” He steals another kiss from Dean, who holds him tighter by the small of his back. “You love me.”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas says from the other bed.
” Sam insists enthusiastic. “
Castiel grins and he approaches Dean, but he doesn’t get back to what he was doing, he leans onto Dean and kisses him. “How about you make love to me after I make love to you?” he asks, whispering the words into Dean’s mouth.
Dean smiles and grabs his leather jacket. He also hands Castiel his trench coat and both of them put them on before leaving their bedroom. They tell Sam they are going out before they head to the garage and get into the Impala.
And a big thank you to the wonderful Amanda (
Castiel sighs. “Yeah. But that’s a long time, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees.
“They could stop staring,” Sam mutters annoyed and irritated. “I thought the south became a little bit more tolerant once gay marriage was approved in the whole USA.” He moves his eyes through the dinner, giving a quick deadly glare to some of them. “If they dare to say something about you two—”
“Hel—”
“Aren’t you in a hurry to leave this time?” Dean snaps.
As they wait in the car for Mrs. Tran, Dean can’t stop thinking about the moment when he and Cas were climbing up to the portal, when Cas’ hand slipped from Dean’s grasp before the portal swallowed Dean, leaving Cas behind.
Dean frowns confused at that, not fully understanding what Sam means, but he just makes a confused face and he keeps eating. Sam soon joins him with his salad, and they eat in silence, but at least, this time, the silence isn’t as awkward and tense as it was in the car.
“Cas?” Dean asks, worried and scared as Cas drops onto his knees, still shaking uncontrollably.  He falls onto the floor, and keeps shaking uncontrollably. It doesn’t look good and Dean is fucking scared. “Cas?” Dean asks again. His hand is holding Cas in place, not wanting to let him go. Then Cas stops shaking and lies still onto the floor, unconscious. “Cas!” Dean exclaims. He cups Cas’ face, wanting to get any reaction from him. He doesn’t care about the tenderness or the desperation of his touch. “Hey.” He shakes him desperately, wanting Cas to wake up.
“Yeah, it looks smaller on the outside,” Sam agrees.
“Coffin. Ocean. Done.”
Cas smiles softly at that, and Dean’s heart melts. It is an honest smile, even if its corners have a permanent sadness. But it is still a nice smile. One he hasn’t seen in a really long time.
Castiel nods. “Thank you.”
Castiel finally decides to meet Dean’s eyes. “To show them that I still can show there without being hurt by them. That I’m better than them.”
“No problem,” she said. “Take care. Don’t get into more fights,” she warned when they pulled away.
“It’s your fault. If you didn’t cook this wonderful I wouldn’t have said anything,” he snaps.
After waking up and making out lazily in the morning, Castiel and Dean get up and they go towards the shower together. Castiel removes the painting from Dean’s back. He hates seeing how the painting fades away with the rubbing of the sponge. The painting was already blurry when they woke up, but now, it is being removed and Castiel hates it. And it seems that Dean hates it too. By the way he looked at it last night, Dean really loved the painting Castiel made. At least he still has a photo of it in his mobile phone.
This situation with Cas is fucked up, but Dean can’t lose him again. He doesn’t know how he is going to handle this situation once they heal Sam, but all Dean knows is that he doesn’t want to lose Cas again.
He watches from the rift to Cas, because he is still waiting for all of this to be a cruel nightmare he can wake up from. But he knows this is the real world and Cas is dead.
Castiel grimaces. “I’m afraid so.”
Dean gasps when Castiel begins to nibble one and pinch the other. His legs tremble and Dean doesn’t know how he is standing at all. Castiel pulls away and cups Dean’s face before kissing him, swirling their tongues. Dean traces down Castiel’s tattooed back, until his hands reach his ass and he gets them under his boxers, giving his tight ass a squeeze that earns him a soft moan. His fingers go a little bit downer and he teases Cas’ hole, which makes Castiel pull away from the kiss to let out a loud moan.
They keep having breakfast. Dean asks Cas about his schedule and he also reminds him at what time he has to drive by the Ritz to pick up Cas. Both of them are really excited about the blood moon that they hate the fact of having to wait so many hours to it.
“The problem is that I am broken right now, Dean!” Castiel yells, startling Dean. He looks defeated and Dean hates it. Castiel looks down and sighs. “You might refuse to see it, but I know that I am broken. And I need to put myself back together before I can be with you. Because I don’t want to hurt you with any of my broken pieces.”
Things aren’t perfect, they never are. He and Cas argue once in a while, they still have to deal with their recurring nightmares, they still get protective and scared when they have to hunt a dangerous monster and they still are scared of fucking things up in between them. But they always find their way around it and they always make it work. They can talk easily to each other now, and they know that they love each other and that they are there for each other.
As soon as Lucifer sees them, he gets them inside the cage and Lucifer starts to fight against Sam, Dean and Cas. He beats all three of them for what it feels like an eternity, but everything comes to an end when a blinding light fills the cage, indicating that Rowena has completed the spell and Lucifer is safely locked.
“Need a helping hand, Cas?” he asks as he bites Cas’ lobe.
Dean wants to stay mad at him, but he can’t. Not when Cas calls him assbutt. He grins and places his arm around Cas’ shoulders before he kisses his cheek. “You’re worse than me, sometimes.”
“I’m sorry about your glass,” he apologizes.
Dean chuckles. “Come in.”
I'm not going to be able to post next Sunday, so I will try to post next chapter on Saturday.
“It’s okay, don’t worry.” Dean says casually.
“Dean.” Castiel exhales sharply and one of his hands goes towards Dean’s nape, his fingers brushing Dean’s hair. The touch makes Dean relax a little. “I know that you care about me, I know that you love me. And you do a lot of awesome things for me. You always cover me when I’m cold, you help me with anything I need, you make me smile all the time, you heal my wounds, you always know what I want even if I don’t say it… You do a lot of things for me.”
The roast beef is served and while they eat, everyone is chatting. Dean likes being like this, with his family all gathered together and eating and being happy. He doesn’t miss for a single moment the grins Cas makes the whole dinner, and Dean’s heart skips a beat every time Cas laughs. The dinner is spent in a warm and wonderful way, with a lot of laughs and smiles and chatting and even teasing. Dean has always been happy when he had to spend Christmas like this, but this time it is happier. Dean knows the main reason, the person who has made this night to be even happier for him. And he is so glad about it.
“The shape of a pie is a circle, and the area of a circle is Pi times the radius squared.”
“I can give you even twenty.” He smiles widely as Charlie walks towards the computer and starts working on the phone. “I don’t know how to thank you this.”
“C’mon, say it. I’m a hell of a driver.”
“Just—” Dean interrupts. Then, he takes a deep breath. “You are human, Cas, and—” He takes another deep breath as he finishes the last stich, cutting the remaining thread. “This time, if you die, you die. There’s no resurrection or any of that and— I can’t.” He rests his forehead on Castiel’s nape, feeling how that unexpected touch startles Cas a little, but then he relaxes. Dean knows he shouldn’t do this, they are just friends, but he wants Cas to understand that he is important to him and that he can’t lose him. He needs to feel that he is there, that even if what Cas did was reckless, his friend is there and alive. “I have lost you countless of times, and—” He clenches his jaw, taking a deep breath, feeling a limp in his throat, as if it was made of all the words he wants to say but he isn’t able to let out. “I can’t lose you, Cas,” he whispers again, closing his eyes and pressing his forehead a little bit more on Castiel’s nape.
This fact only makes Dean’s depression get worse. He stays in his pajamas all day, watches
When Dean pulls away, he is smiling. He turns his face to his right and he kisses present Cas, who kisses him with the same softness; Dean loves those type of kisses.
He covers his face with both hands and tries to calm himself down, but he keeps seeing Cas, looking fucking stunning with only a towel and— No, he can’t think about that. He needs to put that beautiful image out of his head, because if he doesn’t, he is going to get aroused and he and Cas have to work together.
Dean had finally found a job a week after Cas came back. He is a mechanic in a garage in Lebanon. He only works part time and it isn’t too much money, but it’s not like they need a lot money, after all, they still have Charlie’s infallible credit card, but Dean likes his job and he likes having something to do during the mornings and a sense of routine. And during that time, Cas spends his day in Heaven, fixing up stuff and helping Jack with things. Sam and Eileen meanwhile work on uploading all the lore into the hunting network they created. The process is going slowly because there is so much data they need to upload, but so far, what they have already uploaded is helping other hunters.
“I’m fine, Cas. Besides, I’ve heard food’s really awesome here,” he says, trying to sound calm. He isn’t lying. He is nervous, but he doesn’t exactly know why. Cas and he are together, that was the scary step that they had to take and they took it. So why does he worry about? He looks at Cas’ hand on top of his and he smiles. He looks at Cas after that and his smiles gets bigger, calming himself. “Let’s go.”
He hands it back to Dean, who takes another sip. “How’s the Impala’s fixing going?”
“Fine.” Dean says with a pout. Castiel smirks. “Next time we eat pizza I’ll pay.” He says. Castiel is about to say something but Dean shushes him by putting his index finger on Cas’ lips. “Not a word.”
“Yeah.”
“Me and Charlie will be in the parliament with you when you have to go there to change all those laws,” Sam said, really enthusiastic. “In case there are some issues, but I don’t think they will be.”
“Yeah. Yeah we got her. I think she's on board.”
He took a deep breath and calmed himself. Time in the real world went slower, so Castiel still had hours to spend safely in dreamland. He could stay with Dean for some more hours. He needed to kill time before sheriff Morris decided to leave the basement, so maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea to remain in the dream for now.
It only makes Castiel’s frown deepen. “And how does a perfect tree look like?”
He can’t talk to Dean right now, he can’t look at him, he can’t feel his hands on him. He can’t let Dean see him like this. So Castiel just pulls away from Dean’s grip, not missing the slight terror that slips into Dean’s eyes. “I just want to go back to the motel.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, but Dean looks away from his eyes, focusing on some spot above Castiel’s shoulder. He startles when he feels Cas’ hand cupping his chin and forcing him to look at his eyes. The touch is soft, but the grip is firm. “You are a good and amazing man.”
“Ask.”
He isn’t used to any type of praise, so he simply looks at Cas, letting his brain process all the words.
“War,” Cas answers, making Dean frown. “War is what Michael does.”
“We shouldn’t spend so long without fucking.”
“You guys know that we’re gonna end up taking the case, right?”
“To make sure that you’re all right.”
“We trap Ramiel,” Sam answers.
“I will,” Cas promises with a serious tone. “Except during the times when I have to suffer through your terrible sense of humor.”
“I know.” Dean interrupts looking at those old eyes. “Don’t worry.” Dean looks down at his bottle. He moves it slightly and he sees the liquid hitting the brown walls made of glass. He takes his last sip and he places it on the table.
“Some m&m’s too.”
In just a second, they are both in the barn, right in front of the Impala, which is covered.
“What do you mean you can’t?” Dean asks, not hiding his hurt and desperation or the tears that are forming in his eyes. “Chuck brought Cas back from the Empty several times! Why can’t you?!”
He huffed. “Look who is talking.”
Dean opens the door and he lets himself in, finding Castiel on the bed, reading a book that’s placed on his lap.
Castiel exhales annoyed, crosses his arms and glares his friend. “And what do my eyes tell you?”
He makes sure to leave the bottle in the glove box before he leaves the car. He knows that there’s a store around there that sells journals and notebooks, so hopefully, they will have a journal that comes with a lock, because he doesn’t want any snooping brothers or adoptive fathers reading the things Dean needs to write.
