Dean blinked hard, feeling moisture dampen his eyes.
"Helpful," Dean huffed. "The hell hounds?"
Cas jolted awake again, blinking blearily as he tried to focus on the screen. From what he could understand, a group of people from the future had been transported back in time, and now they had to, as the film title suggested, save some endangered whales from an aquarium. It made little sense to him, and when he'd tried to point out the temporal flaws in the science of the film, Dean had cuffed him round the ear.
"You just gotta let him get through it." Sam told him. "You broke his trust."
Dean yelled, and how was that even a choice?
"What call?" Dean's perplexed frown was now permanently etched into his forehead.
"Right." Dean exhaled. "Well, here's what I know." Cas looked back at him expectantly. "You had a choice, and you chose human. That means you get to stick around. So in my book? That's a good thing."
"What is it?" Sam asked, and she looked at him briefly.
This argument would have circled, as it had been doing for days, the spaces between words getting tenser, their gripes getting tighter. Perhaps they would've had it out right then. Except... the door knocked. Someone found them.
Then Dean looked again. He looked the same as ever, the scruffy hair, the wonky tie. But no trenchcoat. The black suit jacket sat alone on his shoulders. Dean reached up and gripped it, gripped his arms, and sat up, instantly pulling him into a hug so tight he wasn't sure he could let go.
"By yourself?" Sam asked, stepping aside so that Garth could get in, and the man looked around with interest. "Not bad, Garth."
He looked back up at Cas, at the deadpan face with a hint of a smile that most people would miss. “Am I gonna regret this?”
“It suited you… walking around all high and mighty, nah, you were just a guy in a bad suit.” Dean shook his head, remembering some of the early times he tried to take him down a peg. “Man, I used to be so scared of you.”
"Sure." Sam replied, walking in, pushing past the awkward moment. "Whatever. So I tried calling Kadinsky-"
"It's addictive."
“No, I want this, I do.” He said into the space between them, and Cas soothed him with his touch.
“Dean…” Sam sighed, and Dean suddenly felt waves of pity coming from Sam. He thought it had been a funny story, he thought Sam would laugh.
Dean held it closer to his face, trying to get a better look at it. "Sammy, shine your light over here, would you?"
“We’re good.”
“How’s your first hunt going?” He asked, and Cas sat up a little straighter, prepared for a fight.
Cas had interrupted, catching his attention. “
"Can I help you?" She asked sweetly.
Sam sighed. "I don't know." He glanced out the window. "Turn left."
Cas woke. Once again, his breath was short, he woke with his throat sore and his heart pounding. This time, however, as he sat up in his bed when only seconds before he had been inches from a rapidly approaching ground, he woke alone.
Garth whistled. "Man, you're right. Talking ain't gonna fix that one."
“I’m fine,” Cas said simply as he glanced around him. “Dean’s gone, but I imagine he is still working through his hangover.”
"Yeah, but worse than a Nephillim? I don't think so."
"How would you like me to do so?" The girl asked, the same carefully measured voice as before, though significantly more strained, and if possible, weaker.
“Yeah,” He approached warily, spider senses tingling despite the fact that Dean and Cas were a foot away from each other; no hanky-panky here. “You two ready to head back?”
“Dean?” He called, an edge of panic to his voice, but Dean had already run away, bedroom door shut behind him. He looked down at the clothes in front of him, all of them needing a wash, and saw a swathe of colour, pattern, different fabrics. He’d bought things that had caught his eye, but he didn’t know if any of this was
The nightmare had actually woken Dean up early, earlier than usual. Cas was still in his room when he padded past, though Sam was probably already in the gym. Dean went straight to the kitchen, already planning. It was the morning, and he had some shit to prove.
"But everything he's done! To you!"
"Seriously?" She panted. "I haven't mentioned the angel in ages!"
Sam nodded, chewing over the words. Cas instantly regretted it, shouldn’t have burdened Sam with these worries, but the words were out now, and he wasn’t sure how to take them back.
He’d come out to his brother. He didn’t even know
"Will I get the chance to find out?" Castiel asked her passively, glancing at the angel blade.
"Just curious." Dean stepped back out of the spot.
A second passed.
"Don't be such a girl, Sammy." He snapped. "I asked him to wake up, he woke up. Can't we leave it at that?"
"I shoot her." Dean told him.
“You had several drinks.” Cas pointed out.
He brought his eyes back up to Cas's face. "I don't know jack about grace. All I know, as far as I'm concerned, it's you in there. Always has been. Sometimes that wasn't always a good thing to hang on to, but I did." He smiled, though it didn't quite reach his eyes. He reached out, gripping Cas's shoulder. "And I am now. Whatever it is you've got crammed in that scrawny little body, it's the same Cas it's always been."
No, it wasn't worth it. Selfishly, he would trade it again. Bring back Rafael if only to have the trust of Dean, the Winchesters, once more. And his own kind... he had killed so many, had killed friends, Balthazar, the hurt and consequences of which were staring him down today. There would have been another way, the brothers would have helped him find another way, but he had been too prideful, too headstrong to ask. Too protective of Dean and this peace he had found with Lisa and Ben, without him.
He got back to the table as the waitress came back with their meal. He smiled at her briefly before tucking in, ignoring the fact that the others had clearly been talking. The burger was delicious, of course, and though Castiel wolfed into his, he clearly wasn't enjoying it as much as Dean was. Sam merely picked at his salad.
"Perfect." Dean grunted as he hefted Cas into a fireman's lift. "We'll fight our way through."
"Yes, it is." The old man took both cards, and squinted at them through his glasses. "You hear all sorts; people pretending to be salesmen..." He handed them back, apparently satisfied. "Not you, though; of course."
And maybe Cas was right. Maybe he woulda woken up tomorrow morning and regretted it, maybe he would’ve thrown it back in Cas’s face. If he was being honest, he knew that was pretty much a certainty. Because he wasn’t as brave as Cas.
"I'd rather walk." Dean huffed.
"She was at the bar?" Sam asked, accusation in his voice, knowing that more had happened that Dean wasn't letting on. Sam knew his brother well. "What did you do, Dean?"
His eyes too. They felt dry, and the lids felt thick and heavy. And the light felt too bright.
“Yeah, Leia does it for me too.” He smiled, and Charlie narrowed her eyes slightly.
"Quit talking about guys and I'll be able to prove it just fine." He told her gruffly. "You gonna shut up now?"
Oh, they’d talked about him last night. Dean had been angry to hear about him. “Theliel…”
, like Cas. Right now they were free from the threat that had been hanging over them for weeks and now he wanted to be free, free like Cas was. Free to be happy. Free to be you and me.
“Garth?”
Dean raised his eyebrows, a little taken aback. Of course the guy would thank him for basically telling him he stank. "Anytime." He said simply, stepping backwards as Castiel walked past, heading straight for the eyebrows. He looked at Sam, who was staring at him in return. "What?"
"Oh really?" She retorted. "I saw you staring at my chest. Couldn't get enough of it. Yet, when it's no longer Cassie's tits, you don't want it!"
Cas nodded, remembering. He hoped this wouldn't happen every night, but, he considered, this part wasn't so bad. Dean's comfort, his quiet presence, the warm pressure of Dean's hand. This, he didn't mind so much.
"You already did it yesterday, I think the damage is done." Dean huffed.
"That was a most unpleasant experience." She winced, and put her hand to her head, swaying again.
Dean broke the kiss, inhaling sharply.
“Okay.” Dean sighed, and he felt a rush a warmth come over him. He smiled, moving forwards to kiss Cas, and he felt Cas smile against him, felt him being tugged closer brought in to Cas’s naked body. It felt good. Safe.
Cas had settled into the chair by this point, or as settled as he was ever going to get. It reminded him of stolen trips to the dentist that Dean had taken Sam to when they were younger; they may have been freaks on the fringes of society, but there was no way his little brother was going to grow up with buck-teeth. Even if there was a good chance that those teeth might later get knocked loose in a fight.
Sam nodded. “Okay. But if you wanted to talk… You make Dean happy, you’re his best friend. So you being in his life, in
“If you’ve got anything on you.” He refused to get any more specific, god, he couldn’t get too close to naming it, naming what they’d done. This was a mistake, a huge, colossal mistake. If there was a way to put this behind them Dean couldn’t see it.
"I remembered... you don't like to travel in that fashion." Castiel bluffed, quickly thinking up a reasonable explanation for why he couldn't take them a short distance. "We can take the car."
“I just… just cos we’re…” Dean gestured between the two of them. “Two guys, doesn’t mean I’m going all feminine, or whatever.”
"Won't even need 5 stitches." Dean mused. "Fight like that and you don't even have a decent wound to show for it."
Livvie was watching horrified from a distance. She had never meant for this. She had never meant to hurt Dean.
The boys moved quickly to the car, taking the longer route as to avoid any demons at the doors, but reached the vehicle within a couple of minutes. Sam jumped in the front seat, starting the engine, as Dean fell into the back with Cas, landing partially on top of him and made sure all limbs were tucked inside the car before pulling the door shut. They had already started to move, the car vibrating under them, and Sam drove fast, ignoring the hospitals rules on car-park regulation and crushing a well-cared-for patch of geraniums. The birds-eye technique would avoid the demons, and it worked. Dean craned his neck, checking the hospital, and managed to glimpse a group of several dozen demons outside the exit, waiting for them. He wondered how long they'd wait.
"And just leave Cas here?" Sam finally stopped, looking over at Dean. "Or in a motel room? He isn't ready yet."
“And I thought it was just CGI or something, didn’t think too hard about it… except…”
"Where's the car?"
“Yeah. She was one of the good ones.”
“Cas, it’s-”
"You are drunk." Cas sighed.
Charlie grinned, and her red hair gleamed in the sunlight as she reached for Dean to pull him into a tight hug, squeezing him until he laughed. “You know, part of me hopes to never see you guys again.” She said, deadpan, and she felt Dean laugh more. She sighed, pulling back.
“Didn’t he like, go all vengeful god, or whatever?” Charlie asked as Dean handed her a beer, sitting down together at one of the desks. “I feel like someone who can take down half the homophobic churches in America can handle a ghost?” She blinked, taking in her words. “God, this is weird.”
“You should find someone else.”
He didn't recognise the person. It was a woman of about twenty, tanned with mousy blonde hair, and she stood, swaying on the step. Her eyes were rolling back into her head, but she focused when she saw Dean.
"I mean that I heard something from a little birdy." Dean told him, taking a step forward. "Something about you."
“I think you’re having a panic attack.”
"I know so. And if you heard yourself last night, you'd know too." Sam told him. "You're so cut up about Cas leaving that you're not letting yourself be happy that he's back!"
“He started it.”
"Yes."
"Not quite, Dean." The voice on the other end of the line smugly purred.
"I dunno," Dean shrugged, running his hand along the shelves. "Isn't there some funky angel power that means you can just... find something?" He squatted, looking at the lower shelves. "It'd make the job a hell of a lot quicker."
Something gripped around Cas’s heart, and it hurt. “Somehow… I don’t think so.”
"Is that what you think?" Sam shook his head.
.” He flashed a glance to Cas, who smiled serenely.
The house wasn't too big, it was, in fact, a bungalow, but its back garden stretched far and wide, clearly holding a lot of the value of the property. Dean peered through the window and saw the interior furnishings.
What does someone do when they have their powers restored to them? Livvie tried most things. She teleported. She cut open her hand and healed it again. She gave a blind man back his sight. She jumped off a cliff and she stole a drink.
“It’s true, I did throw him first.” Cas conceded, and Sam rolled his eyes.
"Uh, yeah," Sam shrugged. "Kinda."
"What?" Sam cried, but Dean merely shook his head, resigned.
He stood suddenly, ignoring how Sam flinched back at the abrupt movement. He strode over to the fridge and opened it. "Put on the next one, Sammy." It's not like they had anything else to do with the evening, Dean realised as he reached for a beer.
"Cas?" He called again, looking around frantically. "I'm sorry, Cas. Just... get back here? Please?"
man, and sorry Dean, but you’ve got a big case of overcompensating Lumberjack man.” She laughed. “Like, correct me if I’m wrong, but when you saw Captain America tear that log in half you got funny feelings inside, and you told yourself it was just cos you wanted to be that?”
He had the strange urge to walk over, take the book out of his hands and straddle his lap. To settle in, press himself close, to feel Cas against him. He gripped hard onto the doorframe, anchoring himself here.
Cas looked closer, actually looked at the details this time, and saw around Dean’s bright, beautiful green eyes a slight shadow, creasing the corners, tinging the lids purple, some dark definition below the bottom lashes. It was make-up.
It took arguably too long for Castiel to notice that almost all of these states of arousal very directly related to Dean.
"Why?"
Thump
"Wake her up?" Sam suggested.
"I was right." Sam surmised. "It was a trap."
"Cas," Dean choked out. "Please?"
Dean’s mind went blank.
He would be okay with Dean being with someone else, with Charlie, being happy with her. He would.
"Balthazar."
, he’d said, and it was still here now. Dean didn’t think he was worthy of love, that anything Cas could say now would be under the influence of hormones and chemistry… he wasn’t ready to hear it now.
The look on his friends face told him everything; he had no idea what he wanted.
“Cas-”
Cas’s eyes narrowed as he took in the story, and Dean caught the way his hand gripped the mug tighter.
Fuck, that was an offer. But Dean couldn’t tell him. He couldn’t tell him because he didn’t know, because he hadn’t figured that out yet. Because Cas was right, he was a fuck up, a mess, and he just kept hurting Cas more and more in his indecision. Right now, with Cas practically yelling at him, Dean wanted to yell back, or cower away, or disturbingly a part of him kept flashing back to that night outside the bar on his knees. He wanted to steal Cas away, to have Cas take out his frustration on him in a real, physical way. But he knew that wasn’t the right answer.
“I’m fine.” He said firmly, stoically as he forced one foot in front of the other whilst every muscle in his body urged him to just lie down, right there on the damp ground.
“Anything?” Sam asked, not looking up from his own box.
"Alright." Cas agreed, and stayed still on the spot, turning his head. Dean looked at him incredulously.
“Dean! Phone!”
"And, the new, younger, wife has just been taken into hospital."
"Yes, I do enjoy my eyes." She retorted. "Poor girl." She sighed, walking straight into the room with no instruction from Sam. She stopped as she entered the room, placing a hand sympathetically over her heart as she saw Dean, who stood up in greeting.
He looked up, eyes wide and blue. It felt like it had been so long since he had seen his family, lifetimes. He had changed so much and in so many different ways... he didn't fit anywhere, anymore.
But right now, he could stand to wait a little longer. Just stay here, in the quiet room bathed in sunlight, holding onto his best friends hand.
"No, I found out from someone else." Dean told him, the anger underlying his tone still there from last night. "But he seems to have told you. Isn't that swell?"
them. If something moved in his periphery, he caught it; if a breeze made him shiver, it didn’t floor him for a minute while he processed. This body was becoming his.
"To Ga-" Sam repeated, shaking his head in amusement. "Okay, let's go."
Cas listened as he took another sip of his beer, feeling his chest tighten as Sam’s words sunk in.
“Because I’m human now.”
"Thanks." Sam handed the needle over, and shucked his shirt off his shoulder, giving Dean better access to the wound. Dean took a swig of whisky before pouring it onto the skin, and Sam winced.
"Carry him as much as you like," Crowley said. "You'll be lucky if you reach the gift shop."
And Cas-
When Dean exited the bathroom, the others were almost as he had left them. Sam was still on his laptop at the table, and Cas, with a cup of coffee in his hand and Paradise Lost open in his lap, yet neither were paying attention to their individual activities. Instead, they appeared to be neck deep in a discussion about the history of the middle East, and how it fit in a Biblical context.
Finally Dean moved. He nudged with his foot the trash can that was between the two beds so that it was in easier reach of Cas, with not a second to spare. Cas doubled over and vomited into the bucket, expelling a substance that was a little too red for Sam's liking. Dean's hands clenched the bed a bit, but he didn't move other than that.
But Sam? Sam was different. Sam wasn't his closest friend, Sam wasn't the brother that Cas had given his life up for, who he had given up everything for.
“Where is he?” Dean hissed, as if being quiet right now would hide them better, with the tyres crunching on the gravel.
He brought his hand up to his face, looking at it, as if it would glean some special insight that he couldn't quite grasp. But instead of seeing anything on his hand, he saw... Dean. He could see the hunter, sat next to his bed, begging him to wake up.
Sam took a step back and sat on the edge of the bed, wincing in apology. "Dean, you slept twelve hours."
It wasn't quite as bad as he had expected.
Sam frowned, unsure of what to do. If it was anyone else, anyone human, he would let them sleep. But Cas? Angels don't sleep.
Strangely, what Cas was finding most fulfilling in getting used to this new body, not the exercise, not the training, not the regular sleep or nutritious food he was eating… it was orgasms. Masturbation. Every time he spent some time with himself he left the bathroom relaxed, happier, his body lighter, the stress of their situation lifted.
“The job. I was thinking Jody might be good to start with.”
Cas’s body was getting tougher though. He and Sam had sorted out a routine, training different sets of muscles each day, ending each day physically exhausted but stronger for it. Sometimes he would see Dean looking at him, watching his muscles, tracking Cas’s improvement, and judging from the look on Dean’s face Cas would assume he approved. Good. The sooner he could get out and hunt, defend himself from monsters, the better.
"It's our whole life." Dean stood up, bottle in hand, and leant against the wall. "At least we're good at it."
"Writing implements?"
“Needs to what?”
"He's gone to bed." Sam informed him before he had a chance to ask.
“I wondered If maybe he talked to you about…”
green.
Cas shook his head, his face closing up. “Of course, how could I forget, I’m a burden.”
Sam's eyes widened as he watched the gun in his hand begin to crumple, wide dents in it, like a hand curling around it, until the barrel was completely crushed.
“About 15 minutes?” Sam responded, gesturing to the counter. “Coffee’s on.”
"Dean called it a paper cut. It was most uncomfortable."
Dean looked at him again, where their hands were touching, and Cas’s careful study, so fixated on Dean. Dean felt his own discomfort, the urge to grab his hand back, to shy away. It would be so easy, so much safer; he fought monsters on the daily but holding hands with a guy, being… cherished… by a man? That was really fucking scary. Dean realised all of a sudden again how right Cas had been to refuse him, to force Dean into thinking about this, about what he wanted and what he was really scared of. Because a month ago Dean would’ve shoved him away, given into that fear. Now?
Dean froze, his eyes flicking back and forth to his brother and Cas. The demon pressed in the knife a little bit, drawing blood across the thin flesh that covered Sam's throat while Crowley leant over Cas, peering at him, almost clinically. If Dean had seen the way that Crowley had examined the monsters, the alpha's, it might have brought forth parallels.
"Yeah. You need to stay in good shape, our line of work." Sam chuckled.
“Cas...” He whined, grabbing the scruff of Cas’s hair and pulling him back to his mouth, smashing their mouths together, whimpering as Cas kept playing with him and he had to break away for air again, unable to keep his thoughts together. Fuck, he was the one with experience here, this was completely backwards. “Cas,” He said again. “Bedroom.”
“No, we just talked to the neighbours.” Sam said. “Family wasn’t in when we knocked, EMF spiked but didn’t see anything.”
…” Her voice rung through. “
"I mean, maybe, but what other choice have we got?"
Dean only laughed harder, leaning back against the car seat.
"Bring him!" Sam instructed. They both went to move, but found themselves knocked back by an unknown force.
"Yeah, you sure as hell didn't think!" Dean shouted. "When crap like this happens, you tell us!"
The demons descended.
“You and Charlie are working on the tracking programme.” Sam reminded him.
.” The voice came through clear, coarse and no nonsense; she sounded familiar. “
“’Course, Poker got us into that mess in the first place. Still wonder what that witch is up to.” Dean glanced up. “Your play.”
Oh, God, Sam couldn’t come. He can’t accidentally bring Sam on what’s meant to be… Damage control, quick. “You’re not invited.” Shit, that probably wasn’t right. He watched as Sam blinked in mild confusion, a weird flash of trying to figure out if he needed to get offended. Dean groaned, palming a hand down his face. “Just me and Cas.”
.” He was firm, staring him down before pushing past, and he heard Dean’s footsteps behind him. “No one else is available.”
“Well, she gave me an A+. Mr Heisner failed me, but we moved on the next week anyway. I got what I needed.”
“Sam, please wait for me in the car.” He instructed, and Sam coughed out a laugh, raising his eyebrows at the command. He nodded, still chuckling as he got into the front seat, closing the door behind him.
"Yeah." Sam scoffed. Cas looked on as Dean slid from the chair and walked away. He frowned, not understanding the reaction.
Was Cas a rightie or a leftie?
It was kneeling over him, strong in the form of a middle aged woman. She had Dean pinned by the throat, tight, but took the time to turn and smile at Cas, teeth wide.
“Cas is right, it sounds unlikely.” Sam sighed, stretching himself out. “Still, we should be careful.”
It was late, and they’d been at this for the best part of 3 days now. Okay, sure, they’d been dicking around a lot too, but Dean was reasonably confident that they were done setting up the bunkers old alert system with Charlie’s new computer programme. Sure, he might be biased because he is just
"It might."
"What happened?" Dean demanded. He suddenly looked so serious that Livvie almost felt afraid. Almost. Instead, she laughed.
"So what now?" Sam asked. He didn't get an answer, though; at least, not in verbal form. Instead the girl started glowing, glowing brightly, and Sam and Dean, painfully aware of what that light could do, shielded their eyes. Even through their hands, the light still shone through, their vision turning white for a few seconds, but their eyes, thankfully, remained intact in their sockets. As soon as they felt safe they peeked, seeing that the girl's glow was fading, and the lake, in turn, was glowing also. Dead in the centre in was brightest, though that faded too.
"Livvie... Olivia told me." Dean said simply.
Silence for a few more seconds as Sam placed a napkin on his lap, and Cas stared out of the window.
“Only after you’d picked up the blade.” Cas reminded him softly, and Dean scowled, hatred turning inwards. “Don’t, no one blames you for that.”
"Sam, I'm willing to try anything, so long as it don't slow us down." He told him, turning another corner.
"I didn't really think about it, but yeah, that is weird... what happened to our ribs?"
“Dean, you don’t have to say it back.”
Cas didn’t respond immediately, meticulously emptying the chambers and sweeping them around. He could see a little smut on the inside and used a tool to scoop it out. “He thinks I’m going to fail at this.”
“Did I win?” Cas asked, and watched as Dean and Sam looked at each other for a beat before both simultaneously laughing. Dean wiped his eyes, sparkling in the light and with joy, before pushing the pile of notes towards Cas.
?” Cas asked, and he was surprised at the anger in his voice.
Cas, while he didn't fully understand the premise, or story, or characters, or the special effects, did find himself appreciating one element of the movie. Throughout he noticed that there was a strong sense of camaraderie, a concept of family that was inextricably tangled with a sense of duty on the ship. All the characters, through better or worse, would abide by the captains instructions, and he would see them through. They would be happy to follow, their implicit trust in the man stronger than their duty. He couldn't quite identify the appeal for a long while, but after some time, he believed he might be beginning to comprehend. Losing oneself in a fantastical story that mirrored concepts in one's own life... it was comforting and familiar, offering hope.
Dean watched his friend digest the words, saw his solemn face crack, just a little. Not a smile, but something close; warmth in the eyes, a slight twinge of the lips.
"Nothing. Don't you worry about it." She said, a little too quickly.
A second more.
"Thought angels didn't have a sex drive." Dean commented. "Aren't you lot all smooth down there, like ken dolls."
"Is that what nightmares feel like?" Cas asked quietly, and Dean sighed, shrugging slightly as he turned away, looking into the forest.
“You-” Dean swallowed, trying to understand. “You asked me because… I’m easy?”
"Balthazar."
part of me.”
"What I wouldn't give for my laptop, now." He pinched the bridge of his nose, before starting to root around the room.
To that, Cas snapped back to normal, though once again furious. "Dean, it's not broken!" He yelled.
"When?"
“Yeah, we know.” Dean told her.
Sam chuckled. "Yeah, maybe."
"It's fine, Dean." Cas replied, the sharp sting dying down, leaving a dull ache.
Dean had always been into women. Sam knew he had no chance of counting all the women on his fingers and toes combined.
Dean shook his head slightly and hung it. "I dunno. Tell me something only Cas would know."
"They would have burnt your eyes from your skull in less than a second." He replied simply.
Dean scowled at Sam, shutting the door behind him in protest, belatedly realising he had probably just made the matter worse. He sighed, dropping his chin to his chest, before turning around, almost jamming the doorknob into his back in surprise.
Cas stood for a few seconds after Dean had left, starting to feel self conscious. Something about his appearance had clearly unnerved the man, and he frowned, looking down at himself. Perhaps it was because he was so far removed from his usual attire. Assuming Sam would feel the same, he decided to sit down, assuming that at least the table would shelter some of him.
Cas was keening above him, Dean’s name coming out high and half lost in gasps and noise but still there, and Dean opened his eyes again, looking up and meeting eyes so intense his hand faltered on his cock… Cas was a
“You cooking?”
” She grinned. “
“It’s warmer now.” Cas’s voice was low, rumbling against him. The long press of their bodies against each other was downright inappropriate for a cemetery.
He could see Dean thinking, peering at the shelves of liquor in front of them, far more than Cas ever saw in their regular rotation. Cas recognised some of these from when he drank a liquor store, but that h for taste or nuance, it was all molecules and effect. He should choose something, hold an opinion, but how could he? Jimmy used to like wine, maybe he would enjoy that? But he didn’t want to choose something based on Jimmy liking it, he wanted his own choice, his own tastes.
Sam looked up at Cas, rolling his eyes. He was clearly confused, face wearing that puzzled frown that settled there so often. "Tattoo still itching?" Sam asked, gesturing to the expanse of bare skin that was Castiel's torso.
"Okay, enough plaid." He told him, stopping Cas as he reached for a fifth, seemingly set on getting the entire damn rainbow.
“Bingo.” Sam said. “That’s why he’s picking fights with you.”
"My apologies, Olivia-" The angel begun, but she interrupted him, taking a step forward.
"Right." Sam nodded. "So how we gonna do this?"
"Yeah, I know." He could hear her smile. "Listen, don't hesitate to get in touch, you know? If you need me, I'm there."
Both were standing at the very edge of the water, craning their necks to see if they could spot anything, anything at all, some form of disturbance in the water. Both were so engrossed that when the girl next to them started yelling, they were, needless to say, very startled.
“Sorry to hear it.”
"I want to hear you say it!" Dean told him loudly, almost shouting.
didn’t want to go down, not on that grass.”
The car was ahead, but the night was clear and the creek was right there. Dean led them over to it, the bridge lit up by the moon, and they walked in silence to the wooden platform, listening to the water trickle.
He shook his head, trying not to think about how just a few days ago he would've been able to see through this with ease.
“Huh. I’ll go for the whiskey.”
"I'm fine." Was the reply, carefully pulling on the jacket over the shirt that Dean had lent him. They didn't fit, they were old and tatty and the jeans were only being held up by a belt that was on its tightest notch. They hadn't gotten round to changing Cas into his own clothes, figuring they might as well protect them from the blood and ink that might get on them on the journey back to the cabin. But he still looked swamped, a child running around in his parent's clothes.
.” Sam mimicked, pulling a face. “Right, definitely believe that one.”
“You know me and Dad didn’t get on most of the time. I couldn’t give a crap what he would think. It’d just be another in a long line of things I’d fight with him over.”
“Well, you got yours.” He spat out. “Seemed like you needed it.”
Dean shook his head. “I didn’t sleep with anyone.” He told him quickly, and Cas looked up. He felt a pang of guilt as he thought of Jeanette, god, should he tell him? “I coulda-” Fuck, that sounded like a brag, and he saw Cas’s eyes narrow. “But I didn’t.”
The room was as Dean left it, and he pushed open the door, blinking in the darkness before pushing it shut again, stepping inside. He expected to feel a shiver as he took off his clothes, the cold seeping through, but even he knew that heat rises, and found the room just about manageable. Like the night before, he stripped down to his t-shirt, boxers and socks, before picking the blanket up, ready to crawl under.
"Um..." Dean knelt, face level with hers, and gingerly shook her shoulder. He berated himself for being so scared of this seemingly harmless girl, when he barely flinched at things that were actually terrifying. "Lady? Wake up."
"She'll kill you as soon as you're here."
"Six years, Sam; not one phone call."
"I hadn't noticed." Dean looked away, feigning disinterest that he knew wasn't landing. That fucking trenchcoat. "Be back soon, okay?"
"Oh, no; I think it is. Who is it, Cassie? Who could possibly be calling you?" She tilted her head. "I wonder..."
They arrived at the storage unit quickly, within half an hour of making the decision to go there. Dean almost turned the car around twice, agonising over the choice to drive further away from Cas, rather than towards him, but Sam made him keep going.
"Nothing, really..." Dean avoided, but found himself getting nervous under his brothers glare, and suddenly dying for a drink. He reached into his pocket, bringing out Bobby's flask and taking a swig.
If he could make sure Cas never heard them, he would. Let Cas live free of all that crap. It’s the 21
So he walked, hands shoved deep in his pockets, curled into fists in the tight fabric. Occasionally kicking litter that got in his way, he didn't pay much attention to his surroundings, instead choosing to keep his eyes on the floor, his chin pretty much on his chest. Anyone that saw him knew that he was not in the mood to be messed with.
He had hoped that yesterdays shower had been a one off, a temporary engorgement that had gone away of its own volition. He knew that sexual urges were something that humankind dealt with, it was empirical to sustain the species, but it had been low on his list of concerns. Now seeing his engorged appendage he realised it was something he was going to have to deal with sooner rather than later. He reached his hand down, clasping it around himself, but he flinched at how cold his hand was and removed it fast. Perhaps warming up first would be better.
"Cas, hold in there. We're coming for you."
"Do enlighten me."
"And he's sick."
It was Sam's turn to look surprised, and he raised an eyebrow, but didn't comment. "Right. So what are we doing?"
“We just met her,” He reminded Dean, and he saw Charlie pout, just slightly. “She may be human but we don’t know why she’s here.”
Dean frowned, biting back the snappy comment about his morning nightmare. No need to be a dick about it. "It's a phrase." He snapped. Kirsty glanced up as she smoothed the bandage with gentle hands.
“What?”
“You did all this?” She asked, trailing a hand along the pots.
“Yeah, I would.” Dean choked out.
After an hour, Dean had fallen asleep on the sofa. Sam was thankful, as Dean kept interrupting him to ask what the hell a sentence meant, though seemed to enjoy it. After a while, Sam looked at the clock, figuring it was time for bed. He walked over to Dean, kicking his legs down from where they'd been resting on the coffee table in front of him.
Because Cas was talking to him now.
"Right." Dean said, clamming up. He turned around, plucking at a pair of jeans.
As he got more used to it, however, he started becoming more attuned to the intricacies of his sex drive. At first he wondered if it might be residual from Jimmy, but he knew Jimmy’s sex drive to have dulled long before Castiel took the vessel, that sex was a rare but pleasant experience between Amelia and Jimmy. No, he doubted this to be muscle memory, this appeared to be mental. This was all Castiel.
"Dean?"
Dean reached for Cas's pulse, waiting for the beat, and when it didn't come he froze. Just for a second, panic seeping through him as he realised that Cas really was circling the drain here. No pulse, not breathing.
“Okay, I like her.” He announced, and Cas rolled his eyes.
Cas took the bottle of lighter fluid out of his pocket, squirting it on the journal at his feet, following it with salt. He heard a boom as Sam shot his own shotgun nearby, but Cas already had the lighter on, dropping it on the book below.
"Seriously, Cas?" Dean asked, strolling over to the closest trashcan, ripping the bundles for good measure before chucking them in. "Causing a scene in a goddamn Christian Bookstore?"
"Was that all?" Cas asked, and Dean made a decision. Yes, that was all.
"Yes?" A gruff voice replied, and Dean shook his head. Had Cas really never learnt what knocking on a door meant?
"Yeah, he's missing something." Missouri walked over, peering at the body. "Hello, Castiel."
He could kill her now, if he so chose. He still had some power, enough left to kill the girl; she was only human, sort of, after all. It may not be that easy, but it was doable, even with her in possession of the angel blade. But the thought of ending her, despite the repulsiveness of her very being, only made the gnawing, roiling sensation in the pit of his belly worsen. Why should she die, in all honesty? She was right to be furious, he deserved what she threatened, and more. And the abomination of a nephilim, what was that against what he himself had done, had taken into himself? If someone were to kill him, rightfully (as he thought of Balthazar's wings burnt into the floor), it may as well be her. And under that, he thought of Dean, of Dean's reaction to killing this wronged girl; somehow he knew exactly what Dean would think of him.
Sam and Dean had been watching this from the sidelines. Dean, torn between his anger at Cas, and that annoying, gnawing sense of... joy, whilst Sam was simply unsure what to do. Finally, he spoke up.
"Oh, a ton." Dean sighed, throwing his pants to the side and picking up the blanket so that he lie down on the chair, covering himself over quickly. Cas was still watching. "What you reading?"
"Huh." Dean huffed, then held it properly, like the way he'd seen in the movies. "Uh, any idea how to use it?"
"Should we..." He began, eyes looking back to Dean, and, he noticed, Dean's eyes flitting back to his own a split second later. "Should we go back to sleep?"
"Thank you." Cas took them both, folding them over his arm. Sam frowned, pawing through. "Did you get any underwear?"
What was he meant to say? 'Don't go kill the bad vampires because I'm having a chick flick moment'? No. Just because he wasn't fighting fit right now, didn't mean he could let his brother neglect the job too.
"Ah, Sammy; it's good to see you too." She smiled, before pulling away and holding him at arm's length. "Let me look at you." She surveyed him, peering up." You've grown again! Somehow you're even taller than before... and you've got muscles now."
He shook his head, brushing away the memory. This wasn't good.
Charlie sighed. This wasn’t quite what she’d expected out of the evening, and sure, her queer-dar had been flashing around Dean, but she hadn’t thought a few drinks would get him to spill his guts about everything. But it was like all he’d needed was an opening, he’d had this bursting inside of him and he just needed someone’s ear who wasn’t gonna judge him, who knew what he was going through. She wasn’t the best at all of this, because, come on, being gay didn’t automatically make you a some sort of gender and sexuality studies guru, but she got it. She’d only known this guy for a few days but she knew she loved him, and knew she would take a shot at helping him.
"Okay." Dean whispered.
She had just, maybe, killed an angel. An angel that she harboured no ill feelings over, all in her mission to seek revenge for the death of her father. It did not sit well with her, any of it.
have regretted it.” Cas’s eyes were swallowing Dean whole, and he felt his stomach drop under the weight of them. “Which is it, Dean? I’m still new to the nuances of human behaviour but I think this would confuse anyone.”
"It's the car. It's a piece of crap." He grunted back.
"No," Cas replied. "Thank you."
"Uh..." Sam leant back, pushing his laptop to the side. "His body is, I guess."
, and Dean felt a pulse of fear surge through him. He’d fucked up. God, he’d fucked up. And he was stammering over his words as his brain tried to catch up, tried to figure out how he’d got it so wrong.
He pondered briefly on Castiel's current situation; gender-wise, anyway. Sam kept switching between She and He; obviously, despite his calm take on the situation, somewhat confused. Of course it was still the angel in there, and, inherently, angels didn't have a gender, only their vessels did. It was still weird to think of Cas, his Cas, in a woman's body, though. He was used to him being all... manly. Kind of.
Sam didn't notice to start with. He was on the computer, absorbed in Nephillim Lore, but after a while looked up, down, and up again.
Castiel tilted his head in thought. "There is one thing. Did you not wonder how I found you with such ease?"
Not that he was okay with Cas either, don't get him wrong. He was still a bottle full of red hot anger and sour feelings, but... he was the one who got to be angry at the angel. This girl wasn't going to kill him. Not on his watch.
But Sam had never considered the possibility seriously...
“And you’re okay with that/” Dean asked.
"Uhm, a year." Bill told him.
"Apparently, she was in the back room of the bar all night. Got in there when she heard you coming, that's why the car was there."
“No offence, but you’re not up to full speed yet.”
“Correct.”
"Hey, it's okay." Dean said, turning his attention to Cas, who exhaled in frustration. "Frank's sent us on wild goose chases before. I'll bet this is no different."
”? Was this what he’d done?
want to pin me and fuck-” He cut himself off, not ready for the end of that sentence.
He reached down, stroking one of the feather prints. He could feel the soft grit of ash under his fingertips, and he indulged the texture for a few seconds, stroking, sweeping it across, tracing his lost limb. He could almost feel it.
And unless Cas specifically said he didn’t want Dean around, then he was going. He was gonna prove a point, that he could be a grown up about this, that he wasn’t gonna keep throwing these things back at Cas when they didn’t pan out right. That he was sorry. But that he didn’t regret it.
"Because he's probably got all sorts of inside info on the Leviathan's." Sam pointed out. "From heaven, and from being possessed by them."
"Cas!" Dean rasped. "The hair!"
But she couldn't let that stop her.
had he been holding back.
something, right?”
Cas stared at him.
Cas touched his fingertips to his lips, still feeling the tingle of pressure there. “We can’t do this, Dean.” The echo of Dean’s own words falling out, and he closed his eyes, not wanting to even catch a glimpse at Dean.
She’d been dead almost thirty years. It had been six years since they saw her ghost in town, briefly, before she found peace at last. Had only been a couple since they’d gone back in time and met her, and Dad, when they were young and in love. And it had only been months, really, since Eve had taken her form and stood in front of them.
Dean stepped back, fisting the washcloth in his hand, clearing his throat. "Yeah, you're fine. Clean as a whistle." He spluttered, his foot catching his shirt on the floor. "You can put your clothes on."
“And we’ve been offered an out, kinda. I don’t know if we trust it, but we’re looking into it. But Dean could get out, could have the life you wanted. I just, uh….” He sighed again, trying to picture Mom there, imagine what she would say. From what he knew about her she was a fighter, fought tooth and nail for the life she built with John. And he knew she loved him and Dean. She’d probably tell Sam to get out too, and maybe they’d argue just like he and John used to; he laughed a little at the idea. “I just thought you should know that we’re happy, and we’ve got good people. I know you wouldn’t like the life we’re living, but I think you’d be proud of us.”
“We don’t have to talk about it.” Dean said quickly, and Cas shook his head.
what I wanted.”
“Plans, weird plans, about Biggerson’s Burgers - don’t worry, I stored it all. Something about curing all disease, all of your way too good to be true stuff, right? So I dug deeper, and started seeing all this…”
“There’s only one person’s opinion I care about, and he’s in this room. He knows the truth.”
Dean and Sam entered not long after. Cas had warmed up and removed his shirt by then, and the calm breeze the bunker naturally produced through its engines was pleasant on his skin. They entered whilst he was in Cobra, and he held it a few seconds after they entered, the stretch in his abdominal muscles too delightful to abandon too soon. Dean didn’t stay long at all, evidently eager to go shopping, and when Sam described the food situation Cas understood why.
First she drizzled a circle of holy oil on the floor. Then, with a box of matches held nearby, she summoned. She summoned the nearest angel possible. Anyone would do. She wasn't picky - they were all the same to her, all of them were dicks.
“Oh, I will.” Sam said easily. “But out of the two of you…”
Cas frowned. “It’s a menu.”
Livvie knelt down so she was level with the child.
"Olivia." Dean said gruffly, trying to focus on at least one of her. "Not hiding in the back room, this time?"
Balthazar looked down to the broken body of his brother on the floor. "We parted comrades, you and I, don't forget that. I died for you, Cas died for me. It's kismet." He shrugged. "He's not nearly as dead as you think, anyway." Balthazar told them. He knelt down over the body and placed his hand to Castiel's forehead.
Doctor Sexy MD was on, a show that he had not grown any less fond of, despite the time that he spent in it. The main plotline of the episode was about a comatose man, and about Doctor Sexy's extremely melodramatic grieving over the death of his back-from-the-grave friend. Dean watched for a few minutes, but found pretty quickly that everything reminded him of real life. He changed channels, flicking through until he decided on a Spanish soap-opera. He couldn't understand what was happening, but he began to make up stories in his head of what was happening, about how the married chick with the huge breasts was having an affair with her friend the secretary with the nice ass.
Dean. Dean was still in the motel, passing the time while probably doing very little. He knew Sam's instructions were to watch the angel, but Dean was undoubtedly unwilling; he had not come to look for him, and there was little chance that he would.
At least his shirt was still pressed, he’d been careful to make sure not to crease it, or get any blood splatters on the clipped tie, the striped body or the white collar. It was important, he was going to be late.
By the time evening rolled around, Cas had clocked up almost two hours on the phone with Charlie, had completed two loads of laundry, and spent 45 minutes in the bathroom. Sam had even come by at one point, and there had been an awkward stand off until Charlie explained that Sam did, in fact, know, as he had texted her earlier about it. Sam started picking through the display of every single garment that Cas owned and talked Charlie through them, his eyesight not hindered by the phone screen.
"In about five minutes I will be more powerful than any of the angels in the garrison, combined." Livvie snapped. "I need to do this."
"Humans build doors to keep people out, yet readily sell contraptions enabling others to can break in." Cas frowned. "It seems... counterproductive."
Sam laughed, and he heard her do the same. “Jury’s out on that one. But today? Hopefully good.” He pulled out the bag of salad and a fork, a level of laziness he would never indulge in with Dean around. Maybe he should get Cas to grow lettuce.
"How many outside?" Dean asked Balthazar as he threw back the bed sheets and began to pick Castiel up. His voice rang out in the quiet of the room, so silent after what had just happened. The only remaining angel was admiring his handiwork; a blood sigil on the wall that repelled demons. The room was safe.
"What a Nifilim, is. Neflen." He shrugged. "Nympho?"
“Not enough,” She said, pointing to the two of them. “And let me guess, it’s really hard to get out? There’s always one more hunt, an obligation to keep going? If you guys quit hunting, that’s two less, and everyone who dies after, that’s on you?”
Another twenty minutes passed while Cas got measured. Personally, Dean found the tailor a little too ambitious, not quite getting the idea of a 'cheap suit' that actually fitted. "Come on, he's not getting married." Dean cried at one point, but only received a single eyebrow raised for his efforts. What were fake credit cards for, he guessed.
“Sorry,
“Does anyone know where we are?” Sam asked, and Charlie shook her head.
“That I’ll let him down in a fight?”
They took a step into the room, and Sam sat down on a bed. Castiel stood awkwardly near the doorway. Dean took two steps in, saw how the evening was going to be, and stepped back out.
A man came out of the backroom at this point, and the cashier hastened to explain the situation to him.
“Anyway, turned out it was the ghost of a dealer he was using to fence confiscated drugs, he killed her. And he killed some other people too, covering his tracks.” Dean nodded as he remembered. “She had us for their murders, right?”
Dean’s chest tightened, and he flipped his hand over, gripping Cas’s hand tight. “And do you trust me now, Cas? To know what I want?”
Their hands separated when the wine arrived, and they clinked their glasses together before they drank. They didn’t toast, but Cas knew the practice, and sent up a silent
"Good afternoon." She greeted, and he nodded in response.
"Saying what?"
“We should install one of those video doorbells.” Cas wondered aloud, unhelpfully. He saw Dean shrug in consideration.
But Cas had smiled. Soft, free, easy in a way expressions rarely were on Cas’s face… he was really learning. And a huge part of Dean wanted to lean in right there, kiss him not with passion and heat but with kindness, with deliberateness and certainty. Right there in front of all those people he wanted to wrap his arms around Cas and tell him without words how much he wanted to make him feel loved.
"Thank you." He called across the room, and Dean shut off the light, not replying as he pulled the door shut, going back down the stairs. He wiped a hand across his brow, bringing it back to scratch his neck. Sam looked up at him expectantly, rising from his sit-up on the floor, a slight sheen to his skin. Dean noticed the bottle of beer was no longer on the table.
"Stop it." Dean warned, before turning back to the old man. "I'm very sorry about your wife."
Dean coughed, the spit cloying in his throat. He felt the box move against his ribs, chafing slightly. “You, uh, you think?”
"I dunno," Sam said. "She was pretty pissed."
Everything he'd held in for the past... well, who knows how long, was coming out. And he couldn't stop it.
After a few minutes of walking, he found himself at a bar... unsurprising, really; every town has at least one in some form or another, and nowadays Dean was as good a hunter in alcohol as he was in the supernatural.
“Uh, kinda?” Dean winced. Could they go back to kissing? “I mean, not when I thought you were actually gonna throw me back into hell, actually…” He remembered back to that night in Bobby’s kitchen, the quiet space between them growing smaller and smaller.
He looked back to the cabin, seeing Sam and Cas talking at the table, and he softened a bit, letting himself sink, the warm burn of the whiskey soothing. At least, he thought, in an uncharacteristically sentimental manner, that if he was stuck here for the time being, he had good company to go stir crazy with.
"Plenty of those around." Sam told her, casting a sideways glance at Cas, who shifted slightly, both of them remembering Castiel's drunken comments. "So, what are you?"
Cas paused, taking another plaid shirt. "You care a lot whether you're 'manly'." He commented, and Dean raised an eyebrow, crossing his arms.
“I publicly humiliated you.” Cas surmised, and Crowley nodded. “I’ve undermined your crown.”
"He knows how to use a bathroom."
Despite Sam's preconceptions about the man, Garth was a very competent hunter. Stealthily silent, even with gangly limbs that were largely disproportionate from his body, he and Sam managed to silently execute three of the eight vampires in the nest without waking the rest. They might have even been able to dispatch of them all with no mess, had Sam's cell phone not began to go off in his pocket, right as he was about to kill number 4.
“Huh….” Dean stared at the door, none of them moving. “Didn’t think that was gonna work.”
“It clearly was, Dean.”
The thing was, when he was here, he was always alone. Only once had someone managed to encroach, to invade his lake. Just once.
“He uses male pronouns.” Sam pointed out, watching carefully for a reaction. Sam was clearly trying to figure out how Dean felt about it, which was fair, he’d only spent the last few weeks trying to get his head around it all. Sam was treating him like a skittish animal who might take flight any second, which he guessed was fair. “Dean, if you’re okay with it, I am.”
"You called me here."
And his eyes. Cas rarely blinked, angels never feeling the need to, and Cas barely indulged. But now they were closed, those cold, brilliantly blue eyes hidden.
“Maybe if Dad was still around he’d be more relaxed about it, but if he wasn’t it’d just be another reason to fight his ass, for me.” Sam finished, standing up to rinse out the bottle he was drinking and chucking it in the recycling Cas had set up. “I don’t care what Dad thought, but I know you do. All I’m saying is… don’t care so much about it that you don’t get to be happy
The flesh under Dean's fingertips shuddered, and Dean looked up. Cas's eyes were shut, head tilted slightly upward, back bowed from Dean as a drip of water trickled down his back, right down the centre of his spine. Dean watched as it trailed down, past his waist, where Dean suspected more and more that he was ticklish, down to where skin met fabric.
He switched to breathing again, pinching the angels nose and clamping their lips together. With a free hand he grabbed his phone, not entirely aware, and hit speed dial. Number 1.
“You’ll figure it out.” Dean said reassuringly. He wasn’t gonna tell Cas what to wear, and besides, Cas wasn’t asking. “You’re gonna wash those before you wear them, right?” Dean asked, watching as Cas picked up another sweater, which was looking, frankly, a little festive. “You know someone might have died in them?”
He couldn’t help himself, he turned around at Dean’s next words, turning to look at Dean as he stood there apologetic in his doorway. So, so beautiful, and so, so loved, even if he could never tell him. Could never tell him how desperately he loved him, how much he would do for him, would give for him, and how truly eternally he
Dean looked up at his brother, who was watching him with care and clear anxiety. His earlier anger had softened, mollified now that his brother was finally treating the angel with respect rather than rage.
"Dunno." He tried to remember, running a hand through his hair as he recalled, frowning slightly in concentration. "Sam chose, I think. Something about it being close to the heart. Such a girl." He chuckled, looking at Cas as the man reached out and stroked a fingertip down a yin-yang symbol. "How about your lower back?" He grinned.
"Yes. They are trapped in humanoid form; it is spiritual greatness that the book speaks of. And power."
“No, I get it, don’t wanna hear the deets.” She linked her arm into his, pulling him along to continue walking. “And you lied about that earlier, why?”
“Perhaps a little.” Cas answered, and Crowley turned his full attention on him.
Sam blinked sharply in surprise, shaking his head a little as he processed the words. And then he smiled, reaching over to pat Cas on the shoulder affectionately. “Yeah, Cas, what else is new?”
But Dean might be fucking that up. Dean
“Deleted you from the internet. I spread a virus to get rid of you guys completely. Every news article, Facebook page, Reddit board, Wikipedia… you name it, it’s gone. Your FBI dossier was
"Hey, how'd the tattoo go?" His brother asked.
Cas sat heavily on the bed, remembering. Last night had been torrid and stressful, but so,
He looked up at the ceiling briefly. "Hang on a minute." He told God, before straightening up and pulling the phone from his pocket. He frowned, seeing the caller ID, before answering.
Dean frowned, but turned his head to look at the door. The complete silence from they had been sitting in had included the silence from behind the closed foor. Not once had they heard the shower run, a faucet, the toilet. Just nothing.
Cas smiled, for real this time. “I’m glad to hear that.” He said softly, stroking the tip of his thumb against the seam of Dean’s lip. “But we can take this slower,” Dean’s eyes shot back up to Cas, and he shushed him gently. “If you would like to. I would take as much or as little as you would offer me, Dean. I don’t want to deny you anything, and I certainly don’t want to push you into anything.”
For a second he had felt every atom of his body. Of course he knew this to be an impossibility, but this is what he felt, like he had pressed against the walls of every cell. And now he had retreated back inside, and he felt… fuzzy. Cushioned. His skin didn’t feel stretched taut around him, instead a part of him. He was his skin, this claimed skin. The tub under his feet felt… fine? The hairs on his legs unnoticeable. He rolled his shoulders, and while the raw tattoo still ached, still painful, it no longer felt so insufferable.
Cas.” Dean reminded him.
"I'm finger painting." Livvie sniped. She didn't look at the angel, not relishing the job before her.
He hoped that each footprint he made left the world no worse than before it was there, and perhaps he could find a way to make it better. But Dean… he knew he was causing him grief. When he had confessed his desires he was, truth be told, mainly thinking of his own needs, a fact that sits with him as very selfish now. He hadn’t considered that it would bring Dean suffering, that his need to fulfil his human desires, his thirst for Dean, for his company and spirit and yes, his body, would have such an impact on Dean. He thought Dean might at the least have been flattered, if not interested, but now he sees he was disturbed.
"Why not?"
"We do share a more profound bond."
"No, but it will shoot a bullet at high speed with the intent and capacity to cause harm."Cas frowned, walking forward, grateful that Dean kept the gun pointing away from him at all times.
Dean smirked at Cas, quirking an eyebrow. “Whaddya think?”
"So what's you great plan?"
Cas froze in his tracks. “You kissed someone?” He frowned, and Dean could see the thoughts whirring through his head. Shit, he hadn’t told him that part. Cas shook himself off, starting to walk again, a little faster. “Congratulations.”
“I think the upside of damnation is debauchery,” He said against his skin, and Dean shivered, feeling as Cas started popping the buttons of his shirt, baring his shoulder to Cas’s teeth, and within seconds his shirt was wide open. “Did you want to wait for a ring on your finger?”
[08:44 AM] Sammy: Gone out for the day. Please don’t have sex in the kitchen.
"Daddy's storage locker." Another voice spoke, and Cas looked around. The familiar figure of Gabriel was standing in the doorway, and Cas felt a twinge of a smile play across his features. He knew what Gabriel had done for him, for the Winchesters, for the world. How he had died, trying to save them all. "Welcome home, Cassie."
"I need a coffee." He barked, jumping up and practically charging out of the door, leaving Sam with Cas.
And that’s how Dean told Cas to shave and get dressed in something nice. He even let him borrow some of his aftershave, and tried not to think too hard about how they’ll smell the same. That’s how, a few hours later, Dean and Cas got in the car to go to the gay bar in the third town over.
"Can't blame a girl for being curious." She winked. "I thought this was all about proving you weren't gay, anyway."
They had been driving for half an hour, and the scenery hadn't changed an ounce. Just trees, trees, and more trees. They really were in the back end of nowhere.
Dean hadn’t wanted it. Cas had been wrong. He hadn’t forced him, he hadn’t pressured him, he was sure, but he knew that Dean had pressured himself, had made himself do something he hadn’t wanted to do for Cas. And Cas was unforgivable in that. He should have… he should have stopped it, he should have checked with Dean. Dean had said that he couldn’t do that, couldn’t be what Castiel had proposed, and he should have held him at his word. It had felt so real in the moment but he had been mistaken.
"Oh. I don't approve of that."
“You ever thought about being a bartender?” She retorted, and he paused in thought.
"Thanks for calling, Chuck." Dean told him. He'd missed the guy.
"CASTIEL, YOU BASTARD!"
“And sexuality-” Cas started, and Dean blinked, shaking his head a little in surprise. “These
“This is it. We’re here.”
“You needed to stop Rafael-”
"Gotta put the cans back up." He told him. "
Dean stayed there for a few seconds, maybe half a minute. Then he pulled away. He wiped his hands across his face, pushing away the tears that had fallen, blinked them away. He looked at the body in the bed, lifeless and distant. The shell of his friend.
The research got slower after Missouri left; hope for some Supernatural cure got dimmer. There had been a lot of hope riding on Missouri, but after instructions that had been little more than "wait it out", they weren't quite sure how to deal.
“This is…. all this is really ours?” Dean frowned, staring at the floor, and Cas looked around. It really was unlike anything they’d ever known.
Dean turned to him, giving him a stony look. He looked round, behind him, to where the comatose man lay in the bed, unresponsive to all that was happening. He lit the match. "What do you think?"
"Look, Dean," Chuck continued. "Just get some sleep."
"Dad's storage unit." Sam told him.
"Good!" Sam leant back. "So that's it? He just woke up 'cos you asked him to?"
“Uh,” He looked around the room. This could be continued another time, and tidying up would only take a few minutes. “Yes, alright.”
Maybe he should get Dean back, make him pick out an outfit. Dean would know what nice was, he would know what he should wear. But instinct told him that he shouldn’t ask Dean to dress him for tonight. Dean seemed to have faith in him that he could do this.
"Wait, what?" Dean backtracked. "Go with Cas?"
night in this cabin, a night when his body didn’t particularly ache, an evening when he didn’t orgasm in the shower, he sat with Dean and Sam at the table playing poker learning the intricacies of the Poker Face. He appeared to be hit and miss at it, which may be largely dependent on his understanding of the rules of the game (he didn’t). He stared at the cards in his hand (two queens), shielding them from view of the brothers. He tried to remember if this was a good hand or not, and he frowned.
Cas frowned. “That’s a flirtation.”
Dean pulled off, gripped him and moved his hand up and down the shaft, using his tongue to lick along the thick vein along it, tracing under the head, mapping a route and he pulled the tip back into his mouth. He looked up, for just a second, not realising that he had been avoiding it, and saw Cas’s head tipped back, that stretch of neck exposed again, and god, how good it would look with a hickey just there. He licked into the slit and his free hand scratched down Cas’s back, drawing shivers out of him, and Cas was looking down at him, eyes dark and wide, boring deep into his. He could see the shape of his name on Cas’s lips, and could hear the chant of it over the roaring in his ears, the thud of the bass from the bar felt more than heard through the ground and into him. He sucked Cas in all the way again, not breaking eye contact, looking up through fanned eye lashes, and Cas stroked along his cheekbone, catching a tear that must have, had to have dropped when he’d coughed. Cas pulled the damp finger back to his mouth, sucking in the salty tear and moaning around it, and suddenly Dean’s pants were so, so tight.
"How can they hope to continue without Spock by Kirk's side? They are a team; without Spock, Kirk would surely fail."
"That way." Sam pointed up the road, and they saw the angel sitting alone on a bench backing onto a line of trees, his black suit-jacket contrasting heavily with the white of his skin. "He looks so weird without the trench coat." Sam mused.
Castiel almost let his anger take a hold of him, but kept it in check, stepping back. He exhaled through his nose, and looked at the girl. "I am sorry about your father, Olivia; were I to go back, I would not repeat my actions."
“You wanna talk about it?” He asked.
“Leviathan?”
"That crap's for fairy tales. It wouldn't work."
A damn fine way to spend an evening, Dean surmised. It was artistic, poignant, yadda yadda; people drank alone in bars. The best type of people.
“A cop, met her once about five or so years back.” Dean told him. That coffee looked good, should he go for one too? He’d not had one too long ago.
“Eh, it was fine. Had a drink, called it a night.”
As the end credits began to roll, he looked over to Cas, suddenly realising how close he had allowed himself to get. Far too close. Snatching his hand back from his friend's knee, an appendage that he had placed there during the climax of the film, he felt himself blushing, resisting the urge to wipe his now clammy hand on his own jeans. He was suddenly hyper aware of his close proximity to Cas, and, somehow more disturbingly, Sam, he jumped up, heading for the TV.
"She..." Cas stopped himself, unsure whether to tell him of Zedkiel's visit. He knew he should, he knew it was relevant, and that it was the sort of important information one should tell those they care about... but he didn't want to voice it yet. Despite his awareness that he should not lie to Dean, not again, he just couldn't say it. He didn't think he could take Dean's snide comments again, not about that. Not yet. "She felt the suspense would be more entertaining." Cas finished quietly.
"Oh, but I think it does." Livvie smiled, sitting down on a chair and crossing her legs, the epitome of relaxation. "Because it means they're coming for you. And he's not going to give up easily." She smiled smugly.
date?” Cas teased, and Dean narrowed his eyes, rising to the bait. “I’ve been around a long time.”
"No problem!" The police officer told him. "A simple trace is easy, compared to some of the hassle you guys have given me."
"Dean!" Sam yelled from the doorway, drawing the elder Winchester's attention towards him.
"No, it's just what she's called." Dean told him. "She told me about Cas. She knew, I didn't; I was pissed."
Don't think Dean didn't see through that. Sam had undoubtedly told the scrawny guy all about their situation with Cas, about Dean. How Dean needed time off, how Cas needed time to learn. He could picture Garth scrambling to cover every possible hunt in a thousand mile radius so that they couldn't.
There was a beat before Sam started. A
"You want to sleep in the chair?" Cas clarified, peering up, frowning slightly.
"I don't, Dean." Sam sighed.
“Yeah, that’ll be it. We save the world again, and again, and this is what we get. We can’t even get used to anything, we can’t make friends, we can’t….” Be careful, Dean. “Everything gets taken away from us, and we can’t get used to anything other than….”
“It does.” Cas choked out, his voice rough. “I thought you wanted that too-”
Perhaps he should’ve spent time with himself in the shower after all. He couldn’t look away from Dean, from his green sparkling eyes, from the way that his skin glowed golden in the firelight, from the easy smile and the soft blonde hairs on his arms. Dean hadn’t shaved this morning, and Cas stared at the stubble, resisting the urge to reach out and touch, stroke it, to feel the texture of
"Don't be such a baby." The man muttered. "Take it off like a bandaid. Just three more." He warned, tugging on the next, a horizontal line this time, and while Cas expected it, he still hissed slightly. Pain was still so new; real, physical pain that burned the flesh now permanently fixed to him, no grace to cushion, no instant heal. By the fourth line he showed almost no reaction, determined.
"You ask about her inside?"
"And I will return the favour." Cas replied. The angel placed two fingers onto Dean's forehead, and, tugging out the blade, gave Dean everything he had.
“At least I got two hands. I’ll be fine. Maybe you should catch some zee’s though, in case I need you to tap in.”
“You got stuck in a finger trap
He dropped to his knees, palms flat on the ground, the damp grass peeking through his fingertips. It was only then that Cas noticed the cold silver metal in his hand.
He didn't understand how Sam won, but apparently, he did.
He sighed, walking over to the sink, splashing cold water on himself, soothing the burn, though making himself hiss at the chill. This was probably the coldest room in the house, the thin glass pane window in the corner doing little to prevent the cold; when he put his hand near it, he could feel a soft breeze. Sighing, he glanced at the mirror, catching himself, his green eyes, and he looked away fast, unable to meet them, not wanting to see what was there. Mind you, nothing new to that.
“Even when I freak out and push you away?” He asked shakily, allowing himself to be pulled in closer, against Cas’s chest. He felt small, contained, and it was nice.
“You knew?!”
“I didn’t mean to imply that.” Cas said slowly, trying to piece it together. He knew Dean was struggling with the idea of being with someone in a male form, of what it meant about him, his worth in his gender. But Cas had meant it, and hadn’t thought it through. “To me the concept of beautiful is genderless. When I think of beauty I think of the sunset, or the Grand Canyon. I think of you.” Dean flushed again, and Cas smiled as he watched it make the freckles shine. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“You’re welcome.” Charlie said, blowing into her own mug. “I was just telling them how we set up the tracker, and showed how to access on your phones.”
He stopped when a demon shouldered him in the chest, flinging him back, knocking the air from his lungs and the words from his mouth.
“Whatever it was, this was a big operation.” Sam said, pointing the light at the equipment. “This is a network.”
"He went insane, and broke the planet. Just after we worked our asses off trying to save it."
Instead Cas had turned back to himself, blue eye meeting blue in the mirror, shining perhaps a little too bright.
Cas sat alone on the bench, deep in thought as he watched time tick slowly by. He had been out there for hours, ever since Dean had returned home, though after the boys had fallen asleep he had returned and placed water and painkillers beside Dean – he remembered when Dean had shown him that kindness, a very long time ago.
“I’m saying yes, now!” He got out around the guilt that had smashed into his chest, but Cas was shaking his head. Dean had fucked up so many times, and each time he’d tried to fix it he’d made it worse. By giving him a little and snatching it away he hadn’t helped. Cas didn’t trust him, and why should he?
He can’t see Dean move as well as he used to. Now Dean is a blur, his vision slowed by watching through gelatin orbs, but he can see well enough. As Dean neared he shifted his weight, catching Dean with his shoulder and grabbing him round the waist. He hooked his knee behind Dean’s, pulling his feet from under him, and pushed his chest backwards.
“And some. Not that I can find any of it now.” She reached into her bag, pulling out a thick file. “Except everything in here. Kinda hard to wipe that.”
"Maybe you should check on him?" Sam suggested, forehead crasing.
"Kinky bastards." Dean muttered, chuckling slightly. He glanced out of the door to Sam, who was still watching. Dean gave a barely perceptible shrug, and Sam flapped his hands at him. Apparently he should do more.
Dean looked up, finally, looking him in the eye. They were so, so green. “That’s the one thing that won’t ever change, Cas.”
“Caffeine dehydrates! If you ever took a blood test it would come out like sludge.”
It didn’t immediately hit another wall, which was something. Truthfully Dean was expecting something like those old war bunkers the Brits built in their yards that he’d seen on a documentary late one night when he couldn’t sleep, but that woulda shown up easy in this torchlight, so… bigger. Okay. He moved the light, seeing a set of railings lit up… fancy too, like old 20’s style. Was there more than one level? The floor looked like concrete.
"Indeed."
Giving a small shake to Cas's shoulder, he looked away, trying to ignore what he was doing. "Cas." He tried, but his friend didn't wake. Swallowing down the twinge in his chest, he reminded himself that his friend was warm, that his heart was beating and that he was there. He was just asleep. "Cas?"
"Depends what you mean by 'good', Sammy."
"It's working." Sam breathed as he watched Dean, eyes only for his brother.
"I think it's meant to be relaxing." Sam told him, and Dean huffed. "See what else Rufus had lying around. There's some books in the cabinet over there."
“You can do everything right and the other driver can still fuck it up.” Dean told him seriously, thinking back years, remembering the semi that hit their car and nearly killed him. Woulda killed him. This car would crumple in a way the Impala never would.
But Sam knew that Dean was hurting. Sure, Dean had improved slightly, but he was still torn apart inside over it. What if Sam pushed Dean too far. What if Cas never woke up and Dean...
"The hell is this?" He looked up, holding up the offending object. Sam rolled his shoulders before looking up, infuriated.
"But what if it's right?"
“Those were built by like people like me. We leave backdoors.” She sighed, resting her head on the table. “I’d still change your plates, get a fresh start. But anyone trying to find you is gonna have a way harder time now.”
"Correct." Dean agreed with a nod, cracking a grin at his student. "But, seeing as you don't have your mojo anymore for smiting, you're gonna have to learn some different methods."
“To demons?” Sam scoffed.
Sam could have told him that it was okay, and that he supported him. But the boys were never that good at talking, preferring to keep secrets that burnt up until they couldn't stay down any longer.
Cas suddenly felt wary. It was a trap.
“I know I found Shirley’s-”
"What are you doing?" He asked, voice even lower than usual, strained from the pain.
under his fingers.
Dean pulled out his phone and checked his messages. There was one from Jody, checking up on them, but Dean didn't reply. He played lazily with his phone, idly pressing through the menu buttons without much purpose, before hitting the contact list.
"This edition."
Sam chuckled.
"We could make a barricade out of that lot." Dean suggested as he took down another. He felt himself taking another step back towards the bed, noticing that the gap between him and the back wall was getting a little too small for comfort.
"Carry on?" Dean suggested. "Put Cas on the next flight upstairs and forget all about it."
He regretted pissing Cas off. But he didn’t regret kissing him, not this time.
He carefully moved Cas, as if forgetting that he wasn't actually simply asleep, and stepped out of the car. Sam got out too, and leant on the roof of the car, looking over to his brother. "So, Crowley knows."
"Thought you might want to say goodbye to your guardian angel while you've still got the chance." Livvie told him. "Didn't realise you cared so much about him. It's touching how you've been calling for him, it really is."
"Having some trouble?" She asked, glancing down. He distracted her again with a kiss, forcing the image of Cas that kept appearing in mind out, trying to concentrate on the girl underneath him. The girl.
Dean scowled, leaning back against the counter. "We're in the back-end of nowhere, they wouldn't get here before sundown." He pointed out. "And I can take care of one sleeping beauty by myself."
“Yup.”
“See, that one turned out to be a little undeniable to a few more people. Higher up people. And they agree with me, we need something better.”
"Humour me, Sammy." He sighed, heading for the door.
Cas didn't say anything for a minute, merely looked at the interior of the car. He had known the old one well, could list the kinks and scars that made the car theirs... the scratched initials, the army men, the rattle in the radiator. This car had none of that; it was plain, underwhelming; it did not fit.
"I gave up everything for you, and this is how you repay me?!"
"W-" Dean started, taking a step back and looking around, as if he expected them to just manifest themselves in front of him. "Your wings?"
Dean's smile had fallen now. "No. That didn't happen, we stopped that!"
"No, I'm not." Livvie sighed. Her fingers were now across her chest, tracing old patterns, words and symbols across herself, fingers working on instinct, on second hand knowledge.
Dean shook his head, though not in disagreement, more in resignation. "I don't wanna take any chances. " He muttered, looking back up to Sam. "We'll take him out tomorrow. Tat, clothes; get him sorted."
“Careful, you’ll strain something.” Sam said, and Dean looked up at him.
"What is it?" Dean asked, all business again, brought his hand back to the blade concealed at his waist. He watched Cas's face in anticipation for a few seconds before his face focused.
It was Cas. Dean was lying flat on his back on the desk, and Cas was above him, looking down at him anxiously.
When Dean woke up the next morning the room was empty again. Cas had woken up earlier than Dean, as usual, and crept out again. Dean hoped he hadn’t stood there and watched him sleep, like the Dean ‘The Creep’ Winchester had last night.
"Yeah, well, they've surprised us before."
"Like what?"
Dean had only been there about an hour and a half. By this time he was slumped on the bar, various whiskey glasses and beer bottles around him. He was playing with the one immediately in front of him, peeling slightly at the paper label. He then put the bottle to his lips, taking a sip.
"You mean he's got to decide?"
"Just..." Sam craned his neck, checking out the devils trap on the ceiling. "Keep looking."
“As we’ll ever be.” Cas nodded as he tried his hand at a phrase. Dean raised his eyebrows in the way he does when Cas says something so clearly an affectation, but he let it drop.
"Angels don't sleep." Sam pointed out. He sat down on the bed, watching as Cas shuffled on the bed. "What's going on?"
However, the longer he sat there, the more confused he got. Not by any of these previous thoughts, interestingly; instead he was far more confused by a strange, encroaching invasion. His head began to feel heavy, like it weighed too much for his spine to hold up. That was somewhat disconcerting.
"I am not concerned about Olivia." Castiel stated.
“I know you can do that too.”
"Oh." Dean frowned, glancing to the water. "Am I dreaming?"
There was very little life in the room so far. He had started with one small pot and some seeds he had found in storage, dutifully watering it every day, but the pot stayed stubbornly barren. So he’d found the gardening books, not in the library, but in a small room nearby, and had read them cover to cover hear in this room. To start with he had sat on the floor, but it soon grew uncomfortable, the hard tiled floor digging into his sit bones, and he had dragged an armchair from the library the long length to the conservatory, taking no small amount of time. He had learned about pollination, about fungi, about rewilding forests, about companion planting, about allotments, about flower arranging, about composting. As he read, he experimented. He’d emptied all of the dead soil from the pots, taking innumerable long walks from one end of the bunker to the other and dumping it safely outside. He had driven to the Garden Centre, buying 50 litres of compost, a basket full of seeds, and a decrepit plant in the reduced section, flowers pale brown and crispy, dropping when touched. Sam and Dean had helped heft this all to the conservatory, Dean grumbling the whole way about getting him a wheelbarrow if this was going to be a regular thing. Sam lapped Dean twice.
"I work for God, not man. And I certainly don't work for you."
“How do you feel about learning how to do stitches?” Sam asked, peering at it. The position would be awkward.
How was he gonna do this? Now that he’d decided (thank Christ) and knew there was no time to waste, how in all hell was he actually gonna do it? He could just kiss Cas again, but somehow he knew that would lead to more questions, more arguing, that Cas wouldn’t trust him. It hadn’t gone well so far, to be fair. So he needed to talk to him first, and fuck that felt like a lot. Actually sitting him down and telling him how he feels, what he’s decided… Dean could already feel the awkwardness rising off him.
"What?" Sam asked in disbelief.
“Honestly, Sam? That year…. I wanted that so damn badly. And I would take it again in a heartbeat if I knew I could keep it.”
of a dick?”
, and Dean felt for him every time he saw him wince.
Accidentally on purpose, his thumb hit the call button. Lifting it up to his ear, he heard it go straight to answer phone.
He had gone there to get drunk and drown his sorrows. He had also planned on getting lucky with the lovely Mandy, as that would definitely provide a little happiness. Instead the alcohol seemed to amplify his woes, if that's possible, and he ended up spilling them out to the poor bartender, who was looking more and more exasperated as the night went on.
Helpfully placed beside the water were some painkillers. He consumed.
Dean finally relinquished the tie, turning round to see the tailor behind them, clearing his throat, interrupting the scene.
“There’s a ‘farmers market’ on today in town. I’m not sure what that entails.” He frowned.
“Stow it!” Sam yelled at them both, leaning forwards to physically get between them. “Not the time. Right now we get safe, we change cars, we drive three states over and find a motel somewhere. We plan while we drive. And we
"Naturally." Castiel agreed.
"Sorry, of course you know how to eat." Clearly concerned he'd said something wrong, he ground his teeth and began to chop up the vegetable. "Dean, what did Garth say?"
Dean and Sam both winced, both knowing that the shot had been fired too late. She had seen it. It was over.
"Where's the girl?" Sam contributed.
The woman's eyes turned suddenly to Cas, and he felt a surge of disgust at this mutilated spirit, at the trauma that must have occurred to force her to remain this way. He pitied her.
with such utter possession that Dean felt his knees buckle underneath him.
"Other than dying?"
“Well, yes, you made that perfectly clear.” Crowley snapped.
Most of the time Cas could put up with it pretty well, but later in the evening, tired and getting grouchy, Cas would start grumbling. One night as he glared at a 3-pronged puzzle piece from the set they’d found gathering dust in one of the closets depicting a blonde chick riding a Harley Davidson, Cas had lowered his elbow back to the table as his bicep gave out. “Human bodies are
"Does Cas know how to use a bathroom?"
“Sadly not.” Sam sighed, looking up again, straightening his back and placing his palms flat on the table; time for business. “Anyway, Detective Ballard.”
"Are you okay?" He asked.
"And you left my conditioner in the motel! That stuff is really expensive! You made a huge mistake jumping into me."
“I’m gay?” She responded, watching him in bewilderment. “And he’s not into me? No accounting for taste I guess.” She shrugged. “You both have terrible gaydars… which clocks.”
"No, I am unharmed." Cas replied.
Of everything he’d endured at his Dad’s hands. Of the times he had to lie to Sammy about the bruises he had. About the motel rooms left broken, or soiled. Of the scars that had been scattered over him, gone now since Cas had first raised him.
"But, I had assumed I would have more time." He finished.
“Call.” Cas said, and their money pooled in the centre. Dean dealt out 3 cards face up, and Cas frowned, trying to remember. When Dean had explained this he’d gotten distracted by the freckles across his cheeks. It wasn’t coming to him, and instead that feeling in his chest grew tighter.
“Hey, Cas.” He spoke, and saw Cas stiffen slightly at his approach, his back towards him. He was at an angle, he could see the side of his face, but he didn’t turn.
"Did she survive?" Cas demanded of her.
Continuing on, Dean created the knot. "It ain't hard." He told him as he worked. "Twist round, under, over, through." He finished off, not bothering to properly teach Cas, making a mental note to do it properly later. Tightening the knot, bringing it up to rest under the collar, he squeezed it in his palm, looking back up at Cas. He was close, far too close; after all the times that he'd told Cas off for encroaching into his personal space, here was he, stepping closer than he could remember Cas ever doing so. Holding onto the guys tie, no less.
"You and Dean often do."
Dean's pupils were blown wide in the dark, a sight that was very attractive on the man. Cas frowned at the thought, remembering basic human biology; a human's pupils dilate when aroused, similar as to how they dilate in dark lights. His own probably looked the same. There was nothing to it.
“And the type of guy I am, the way Dad raised us? It doesn’t fit.” He brushed a hand over his face, screwing it up in embarrassment. “God, if he knew-”
“You’ve seen him shoot, Dean.” Sam cut in again, whacking the back of his seat. “And he’s good with the blade-”
Dean looked taken aback. "I'm sorry; I think I just heard you say that rescuing Cas from a psychopath was a bad idea."
“I’m happier when I’m around you. The thought of being able to spend the rest of my days with you… it makes all of this, every single choice that has lead me to here, worthwhile.”
"What do you know?"
Angels are fierce warriors. There’s a reason why the very rumour of angels walking the earth again sent demons scurrying back into the shadows when Dean was first raised. They are lighting fast, unmovable and unstoppable by any human means. They can manipulate the very fabric of reality by the power of their grace. They are flashy, but they can handle themselves well in physical combat.
"Maybe he doesn't want to be found." Sam suggested. Dean stopped, turning the full force of his frustration onto his brother.
Sam frowned, staring at Dean. “Is it Cas who needs to get out, or
God, he knew what the endgame was, but thinking about each tiny step was fucking terrifying.
“So Dad’s side of the family were all about this too,” Sam was saying. “He woulda been born into the life, though… not hunting.”
"You're going to tell me what you know about the Leviathan's." Sam said. "Then you're going to tell me what you know about Olivia."
"Hundreds." Balthazar stated.
Dean paid the bill, not that it meant much when all their money was coming from the same place, but it mattered to him. He wanted to take Cas out, show him a nice time, demonstrate to him that he meant this, that he could take this seriously. And he did, he thought. He held open the door for Cas again as they left, watching as Cas put his coat and scarf back on, thinking of the trenchcoat left long ago in the trunk of the Impala. One day he’d get them both back. Maybe Cas would want it again, but maybe not, it was a different time. A lifetime ago.
“Very. The ecosystem humans need to exist is reliant on them.” He picked up a packet of seeds, inspecting the information on the back. “Since I’m newly human I have an investment.”
Livvie struck her arm out to the left, using her grace to shove aside the golden arrow heading straight for her, unobstructing the path to her chest.
“Yup.” Dean pulled out their own, and they swapped, all of them taking a swig, holding the silver without burning. And she pulled out her own travel bottle of Borax; Dean and Sam traded impressed glances at that one.
Sam rolled his eyes. "You get it. You're dressed."
She swallowed down the lump in her throat. "Everyone seems to be paying for your mistakes, don't they?" She whispered. "People are dying because of you."
What followed in the next few seconds was the brothers silently discussing their options. It seemed a little suspect for an FBI agent to get in contact with them just a week after their FBI records were wiped. She was a fed now, and that didn’t exactly fill them with confidence. But she did cover for them, and probably caught shit for it. “We’re in Kansas. Why, you need some help?”
“I have been training for
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. "Seriously?"
Dean had to admit it; Cas looked hot.
"I'm not sure how." He heard him say, confusion clear in his tone, and Dean chuckled at the visual image. He sat up, peering over, able to make out a little more in the dark before, could see the bulk of his friend in the bed, sitting up slightly, a hand at his face, touching the wet tracks.
Dean pulled in a breath which he meant to be normal, like, you know, breathing, but it came in short, sharp, his lungs contracting around it. “No.”
“Yup.” Dean acknowledged. Still, he had his gun, and an angel blade, and Sam had Ruby’s knife as well. Better it didn’t come to that, though. “It’s probably legit.”
Dean was blushing, wiping a hand across his face in bluster, trying to laugh off the embarrassment he was feeling. He was so beautiful, every motion, every second, effortless. Had Cas ever seen so acutely before?
"Cas?" A gruff voice could be heard on the other side of the phone, urgent and eager.
Garth, despite being excited to finally meet the infamous Castiel, left quickly, recognising the situation as one that he was not meant to be a part of. Cas had politely endured the attention, but clearly did not welcome it, the excited stares from the small, wide-eyed man someone unsettling.
Satisfied that Castiel knew nothing of his daughter, Livvie was returned to her previous state of being ignored. Life moved on, but now she was aware – she kept an eye out for Castiel and the humans he was so fond of: The Winchesters. They seemed to have flitted in and out of the spotlight – the amount of times they had died whilst in police custody was somewhat baffling, but they still seemed to be alive and kicking. She tried to ask her Father about them, but this only served to revert him back to his disciplinarian self, telling her she must not interact with them, ever.
“It was good to meet you, Charlie.”
Sam was waiting for him, and they were getting close to the wire, so he tore himself away, walking over to the restaurant to catch Sam up.
Something in his periphery flickered and he raised his shotgun instantly, blasting Grandma away. Sam flinched at the shot, eyes wide in surprise, but rifled through even faster. “Agreed.” Cas grumbled out. They were down to the last couple of boxes, and Cas growled in frustration as to how long this was taking to find this diary. If it wasn’t here they were screwed.
But he really wanted to be. He wanted to be as brave as Cas, he wanted to be brave
“I guess we’ll find out.” Dean told him, his tone cautious. “You remember the combat signs we taught you?”
“Why?”
"Curious." Cas commented, and Dean raised an eyebrow. "I am expected to apologise for something that is out of my control? Something that directly affects myself, not you?"
"Very well." Cas said, handing over the menu as Sam and Dean had done.
“Does it matter?” He asked, for why should it? “We’re safe now.”
of impact. Success.
He stopped when he saw a coffee machine, and he took out his wallet, scrambling for some change, but his hands were shaking too much, and coins scattered on the floor.
"Hot or cold?" He smirked up at him, and Dean paused his journey to glare over at him, before resuming his journey, shutting the door behind him a little too firmly.
They got into the ugly car that was parked out front. Cas was put in the backseat, lying down, with another bin from the motel on the floor, lest she succumbed to sickness again. Sam and Dean rode in the front, Dean driving, with his music turned up loud.
"Not really." Dean concurred. "The arrows are reusable, right?"
"We must've had spares. The amount of angels we fought, we must have another!"
"You okay in there?" He asked, and there was a few seconds of silence.
"It's hard to converse with you whilst you are like this."
“You’re kidding.”
He reached down, freeing himself, and fisted his cock in time to his pace on Cas, in, out, in, out, pressure and suction one and the same, a twist, pressure against the back of his throat. He shut his eyes when Cas began to stroke his hair, trace the lines of his face… the gentle touches, so in contrast to the ferocity and harshness of this all, the cold ground beneath him, the fierce kisses, the scratches he knew he left on Cas…. he leaned into the touch, still so focused on drawing those sounds out of Cas, chasing that raw feeling of
“No, I mean… yeah, a little.” Dean shrugged, and Cas felt his face shape into a wince. That’s new. “But I get it, you’re right, you’ve got needs.”
"So, what will you do?"
What he wanted… he couldn’t have.
He froze in surprise in the doorway, watching the scene in front of him, and Dean and Castiel looked back. Both sat at the small table, eating the leftovers from the meal that Sam had made the night before.
He'd met the mother at a bar. Since God had stopped showing his face, it had become a lot easier to goof off while on duty. He'd spend a couple of years, or so, on duty, and every now and then take a night off. But this night off had included a very pretty human female, several gallons of liquor, and some nice conversation. She was very appealing to him, and to an angel that had seen a young world grow into a fully socialised and hugely dysfunctional planet, that was saying something.
Sam chuckled, letting go of his brother, but staying close. He didn't say anything, just waited for Dean.
"But that's nothing compared to the first ice cream." He spoke aloud, voice echoing in the quiet room. There was no reply, except the slow creep of sunlight. It had started on his earlobe, soft hairs glistening in the light.
that Sam repeated, the confused grimace on Dean’s face. “
Cas remained resolute, not letting her words confuse him. "Why don't you just do it now? Get it over with?"
Cas remained still.
They were gonna get cold soon, the sweat and spunk cooling on their skin. Dean would grab a wipe in a second, swab them down a little bit, maybe head out to the kitchen to get some water for them both. He’d drag Cas under the covers and they’d fall asleep, and they’d wake up together in the morning.
"No, we have other options." Sam told him.
"You think that'll work?"
He pulled out Cas’s dick in retaliation, feeling the smooth skin against his hand, and gave an experimental stroke. Cas writhed on top of him, a rumble deep in his chest, and Dean grinned, clasping the back of his head with his free hand and kissing him fast before pulling his head back and kissing along his neck, scraping him with his teeth. “
Silence.
They all looked up instantly, the easy quiet of the bunker punctured. They had been sitting at the desks in the library, books spread out in front of them, and Sam and Cas were still poring through, sharing new information when it came up. Dean had kicked back, feet on the table and leaning back in his chair, half asleep but responding when an opinion was asked. Dozing. Lazy, easy.
The vision of Dean had receded, their brief connection broken, but he knew that it was still there. He span around, trying in vain to catch another glimpse, but all he saw was the white, bleached, ghostly emptiness of the small fragment of the universe they were in. He turned quickly back to Anna, pulse racing.
"A bacon burger." He told her. "And a beer."
"I've shot a gun before." He reminded him, and Dean shrugged.
"There's a knack to it." Sam told him, wincing as he scraped the meat into the trash. "Is that the rest of it?"
, muscles that he’d never been aware of, never needed to be, were suddenly at the forefront of his consciousness. Sure, when he’d been an angel he would have been able to find, name, catalogue and know each individual muscle in this body with instant clarity. But he never used to feel it, they never were part of him, not like now.
Both Winchesters threw their hands to their ears, trying to protect themselves from the onslaught.
"I remember, Dean; I was there." Cas replied, moving away from the sink, putting down the damp sponge. He grabbed the towel from Dean, wiping the suds from his fingers as Dean grinned.
.” Oh god. “But I need to know what you want. I can’t rush you into anything, not again.”
“Damn right. I wanna get my hands on that stove.” He sighed, looking at its sheer size. “I’m gonna roast a bird.”
Dean scoffed. “He was under the influence.”
Cas didn't understand why Dean was laughing at his misfortune, but he didn't think it was malicious. He had seen Dean rejoice in revenge, and this wasn't that; this was Dean genuinely finding something hilarious. This was like the time that Dean had taken Cas to the brothel. He had said that it was the most fun he'd had in a long time.
"We'll stakeout until he leaves, then we go in and find the hair." He said. "The ghost'll be attached to that. Sam talked to the new wife; she definitely saw old Hilda."
He considered his reasons from earlier, the ones that had made him not tell Dean. He hadn't told the elder Winchester out of fear – he didn't want to disappoint him, he didn't want to see that look on his face again, and he didn't want the hunter to make this feel... well, he didn't even know how he felt about it, but for some reason he knew Dean wouldn't make him feel any better about it.
“I didn’t know you still thought about her, and Ben.” Sam said, but shook his head. “Of course you do.”
"Just because it didn't work once-" Sam tried, but Dean interrupted.
"Unsuccessfully." He told him, stepping away as Sam took it off the heat. "I watched Neanderthals fry meat. They didn't make it seem so difficult."
Dean nodded, trying to think of all the well-founded worries. But… shit, maybe he was going soft in his old age. It smelt like freedom… and fuck, was that tempting.
"No." Sam said. "Probably some hiding, but I guess they're at the front door."
"It's not about you, not any more. This is way past revenge now."
Cas’s chest hurt at those words, and he wanted to soothe the pain from Dean, to place a palm over where it hurt and heal, but he couldn’t… and he could never soothe this type of pain anyway. He could reach over and smooth the lines on Dean’s face, try to soften the crease between the eyebrows… “How might you do that?”
"Yeah, we did! It's what we do. We help." Dean downed his beer, and Mandy reluctantly handed him another. "We've helped him tons of times. And he still keeps coming."
"I'm bored." Dean announced, and Sam rolled his eyes. "There's nothing to do here."
There weren't many people listed in there. They changed phones so often it was hard to keep track. And he rarely scrolled through the names; usually just typing worked faster.
"See anything?" Dean whispered, peering over whilst regaining his support, careful of the unconscious body slung over his shoulder.
"But, you're an angel? Angels don't get paper cuts?"
"We wait. Like everyone has told us to. He might wake up on his own."
"Just an observation." He told him, picking another, placing it over his arm. "It's just that, gender is an almost entirely societal concept."
He took one last look at the angel and, after reaching up to his own face and palming his hand over his mouth, he left the room, ready to greet his friend.
“In that alleyway, when you were going to say yes to Michael…” Cas reached for Dean’s hand, lifting it up to his lips, pressing gently to the knuckles. “I didn’t want to pin you down and
"Unicorn blood?" Dean repeated blearily, blinking heavily.
"I'm going to bed now." Cas said simply, picking up the rest of his bags, and Sam nodded again.
"So how come he's walking around?"
“Other angels do as they’re told, it’s written into us. I was…” He sighed. “Rebellious. I had doubts, I questioned. I was given the task of rescuing you because it was simple and clear, no chance of free thought. Other angels had more important tasks.”
“So?”
“Huh?”
He'd expected Cas to be asleep. Lights out, curtains drawn, the whole nine yards. Instead, when Dean opened the door, he was surprised to find the light still on, Cas sitting up in bed, a book and pen in his hands.
"'S nothing." He told him, shrugging. "It's what I was up here for."
She hugged them both tight as she left, and scolded them once more for their inability to stay in touch. And then she left them, in much the same state as they were before. Team Free Will: one ex-blood junkie, one dropout with six bucks to his name, and Mr comatose.
"I mean gone! Vanished!" He spat, trying to squash down the panic rising in his chest. "Cas!" He called, receiving no response aside from confused looks from the scant amount of pedestrians.
"I can see why you wanna keep him around." Garth smiled. "And Dean's beating himself up over it?"
Dean had been in the bathroom for a while, longer than he needed to be, certainly. He just wanted to be away from her.
When Cas had first returned, Dean had been angry, had shunned the angel and turned him away, showed no sign that he wanted him there. By the time he'd eventually begun to work through his issues, Cas had been kidnapped, had almost died, and fallen into a coma. Sam had stood by while Dean had the inevitable breakdown that had been building for God knows how long, until Garth had requested his presence on a hunt. He figured, how much could change in a day?
He could feel the ring box in his pocket pressing against his ribs.
Cas tilted his head, questioning, and Dean mouthed
to take him out."
), Dean was setting up the patties to fry, and they’d planned out a training regime for Cas.
“Yeah, we knew that.” Dean felt a little defensive, though over what he wasn’t quite sure. “He’s not ready to hunt, though.”
The demons paused to look as he continued, and all suddenly decided to go solely after Dean, rather than fight down the two blocking the path. Sam and Balthazar still took out several while Dean continued, slaying three demons in the next sentence.
He kicked an empty coke can particularly viciously, and it went flying.
“Yeah, we had a nice meal-”
Nothing was said in the short time that Dean and Cas were alone in that motel room together. Cas remained sitting on the bed, moving little, and returned to the knitting magazine that he had flicked through the previous night. Dean stared at the laptop, viewing internet based lore of Nephilim, but not coming across anything of use. Occasionally Cas would see Dean's hands ball into fists, his knuckles turning white as he gritted his jaw and his eyes shone, but no words were said. Cas didn't know what it meant. He looked angry, that's all he could tell.
Eventually, despite the damp and the cold and the shivers, he calmed down. If anything, these helped, grounding him in his body, dispelling the nightmare that was rapidly fading from his memory. The sense of unease stayed, but even that began to drift away, lulled into a state of complacency, the birdsong and the soft rustling of the trees above him soothing away the ache in his chest. Even the cool air felt like a caress.
Today Cas had selected a large bin which he had learned was purpose built for potatoes, starting with just one level built, though would build taller as the plant grew, adding layers of soil so the potato plant would grow deep and plentiful. He tested the joins, tightening two screws, and filled it with soil, patting it down gently. He took a potato seed, which looked to simply be a sprouting potato, and fed in down into the well he had created in the soil, covering it over with soil again and pressing, tucking it in safe.
“We’re running out of hiding spaces.” Dean grumbled. “And we don’t even have…” He trailed off, looking at Cas, remembering times when Cas would be able to zap them away to safety, or blast demons away with ease. Cas met his eyes, and knew he was thinking the same thing.
“Yeah, fine, nothing.” Dean said a little too quickly, and he didn’t have to look at Sam to know he was looking at him like he had lost his mind. Which, frankly, he might be.
They were settling into a routine, and it was working. After the first time Dean had heard Cas in the shower he’d taken to playing Rufus’s old records, Jazz and old ballad’s that really weren’t Dean’s jam but he didn’t have a boombox here for his cassettes. He told himself it was to give Cas a little privacy, he got it, a man’s got needs, but his mind wouldn’t stop replaying what he’d heard, wouldn’t stop analysing the way Cas walked out of the bathroom. Even without hearing anything he figured out, despite all best interest, which days Cas had jerked one out in the shower based on the looseness in his limbs afterwards. It seemed to do him good, the guy needed to loosen up.
She looked taken aback; she hadn't expected a genuine apology from him. She had seen his memories, she had seen how it had happened, but only now was she meeting the man who committed them.
“Dean, I…” He took a breath, trying to put his words together. This was important. To Dean, and to him. “Because… I knew it would hurt you.”
“Higher than that?” Dean said? “Well, I guess when you think about the shit we’ve had to buy over the years, spells and artefacts.”
“I only told him Kansas.”
Sam nodded, accepting the responsibility in Dean's words. He had wanted Cas back just as much as Dean had. They heard the water tank change pitch as it adjusted itself, swiftly followed by a sloppy stumble from the other room, presumably Cas stepping backwards in surprise from the sudden temperature change. They both listened for a few seconds, making sure he was alright, before being satisfied he hadn't fallen in the tub.
Dean glanced over to his brother. "Gee, great idea. Ask the dead guy; that'll work."
They followed as Cas ran down the stairs, lagging back, watching him as hurtled out of the door, running out and under the trees, stopping eventually, tiny in the distance. They had ran after him, keeping their distance, but not letting him get too far.
"What's that meant to mean?" Dean asked, mildly offended despite himself.
And suddenly Cas pushed him away, hard, and Dean had to fight to remain on his feet, almost tripping backwards.
Dean sighed, spinning the man round to face the mirror, placing the shirt in front of him.
Once again, Dean stayed up much later than Cas, not wanting to see his friend all snuggled up in bed. Not this friend, not now that a certain body part had decided to take an interest.
Dean watched him walk to the car, Cas could practically
"You just missed him." Anna smiled.
“Maybe a thousand.” Sam suggested.
"He brought me back from hell."
"I hurt him."
"And just as Dean was getting past it, this happens."
He nodded, lifting his hand to wipe across his eyes, sore and dry. A mild headache played across his brain, the light from the TV too bright in the room, too bright for his eyes, but he didn't complain. Forcing his eyes open, he heaved himself from the sofa, finding the tiredness in his limbs uncomfortable. He wondered if he would feel like this every night.
"Please wake up."
Gingerly, he stepped out from the tub, careful following his near fall earlier. Though he knew the mechanics and the physics of everything he was going, how to place his weight without slipping, without the strength of his grace his found each practise difficult. He felt like a child learning to walk, after crawling having been sufficient for so long.
"Plans change, lover boy. Decided I'd kill him now instead."
“Hello, Dean.” Cas grumbled out, and he heard Dean breathe into the phone, a rush of static.
“Because the guy deserves it. He’s human, a full grown adult man and he’s not got laid? Come on, that’s just cruel.”
“You’re not, you’re freaking out.” He told him simply, repeating Dean’s own words from moments before.
“But people don’t wanna believe what doesn’t make sense; easier to just believe they don’t exist.” Dean pointed out.
"It's me, Dean. I'm Castiel."
“Even when you were trying to be God?”
"Dean?"
"Yeah, nothing. More of the same."
She saw everything.
"Not listening, Dean."
“Is it a form of gender subjugation?” Cas asked seriously, and Dean looked up, frowning at the question.
"Dean..." Cas said, but the hunter shook his head.
By the time they got to the door he had found it, and quickly pressed it into the lock. It opened, though a little stiffly from disuse. Sam slid up the door, and it rattled with an echo back into the room beyond, dark and covered in cobwebs and dust. They could see the dust in the air, lit up by sunbeams making their way in.
If he ended up saying no to Cas, would he stop touching him altogether? That thought hurt, and he guessed that was another clue. The thought of a future without those free, easy moments, where they might pull further apart, that sucked. And he guessed it could settle into something new… they had been through worse together and pulled through each time. But a future of wondering what could have been, of knowing he’d been too cowardly to try his hand at something more? That stung.
Sam had returned home a few hours later, having driven Garth's car back at a speed that the poor vehicle hadn't seen before. Dean's phone wasn't picking up, was sending him straight to voicemail, due to the fact that when Sam hadn't picked up, it had fallen from the bed and fallen apart. Sam, who had been imagining the worst, couldn't believe his eyes when he saw Dean and Cas sitting at the table, eating leftovers from last night's meal.
The angel was confused, at first. His arms hung loose by his side, scraping the deck, one awkwardly folded where it had been on Dean's arm, but slowly he lifted them and placed them around the hunter, and squeezed.
? He thought, that self destructive urge, so always ever present, reared its head.
"Anna, you can't seriously be saying you think Cas should go back to those knuckleheads?" Gabriel cried in disbelief.
Silence, except the shower running. Sam stared at him. “What did you do?”
He exhaled, releasing his lungs and opened his eyes again. Okay, shower.
“I’ve seen good hunters die because they just wanted an out. People getting too old, or burnt out, and they just can’t fight like they used to, and something gets them. And I think that’s a pretty piss poor reward for a life of fighting for good.” She took a sip of coffee.
Content warning for homophobic language (slur) and memories of a homophobic assault.  Please see end of chapter for specific warnings.
"Yuhuh. And you know what? I heard about this one guy, over in En-ger-land," he drawled. "Set up a parking meter in a zoo. Ran it for fifteen years, then one day, bam, didn't come into work. Turned out wasn't hired by the zoo, or the council or whatever."
Less than five minutes later, he was back a Dean, arms laden with clothes, the look of panic transformed into mild horror.
"Nah, it's nothing." Dean shrugged, carelessly pressing a little too hard, feeling Cas shudder slightly. He patted Cas's waist in silent apology, noticing the flinch again. That time it almost seemed like Cas was... ticklish... huh.
about it all. Cas churned it over in his mind… what would be political enough, human enough, salacious enough. Oh.
Sam and Dean both stepped forwards, towards the crowd of Doctors, Nurses, and patients trying to get in the room. Keeping them away from the bed was bullet point one.
"Dean, you
She was all alone. She had nothing.
She laughed, looking up at the grey sky. Regaling in her physical freedom, and the sadistic pleasure of coming face to face with her Fathers killer, she seemed elated.
When they got out it even smelt like the sewers. Empty bottles lined the ground, and Dean crushed a needle underfoot. “Real classy.”
“Yup. Just testing the waters.” He told her, careful with his words. Give her too much detail and she might see through it, seeing as he couldn’t exactly say
The pumping wasn't working, the breathing wasn't working. Cas's body beneath him remained still and unresponsive as Dean worked, and the realisation was beginning to dawn on the hunter. He kept trying, and trying, but his movements became laboured as despair began to set in.
“Are you punking me?” Charlie laughed. “Because some of the stuff you come out with sound straight out of D&D. How is this your life?” She paused, thinking. “How is this
He chewed his lip, trying to figure out how to phrase this without being wildly assumptive or offensive. “Did he talk to you about anything?”
"When we get there, yeah." Dean repeated, glancing at Cas again. "If there is even there."
“Been through worse.” He shrugged. “I think knowing you could? And that I trusted you? I dunno, until it started to really hurt…. it was kinda fun.”
Cas sighed as he thought it over. “I believe what he’s saying is true. And, he is a useful ally.”
After what felt like an age, the Doctor returned.
Sam mouthed at Dean, miming typing with his hands - shit, Charlie did say she wiped their FBI database. Dean grimaced. “Oh yeah?”
"What's wrong with it?" Sam questioned.
"A bookshelf fell on her." Sam said. "A few broken ribs, and a fractured wrist, nothing too serious..."
"You just gonna stare?" She mocked. "I know you copped a feel while Cassie was sleeping."
“I get it’s none of my business, but right now you’re being a real Mother Gothel.”
“I did.” Cas said, weighing up Dean’s hesitation, trying to parse where it would lead.
“It’s okay.”
Dean cleared his throat, glancing down at himself and feeling a flush of embarrassment; sporting a semi at his Mother’s cemetery wasn’t exactly a classy act. He opted to lean forwards against the car, elbows supporting his weight; it looked casual, and would give him some coverage.
Dean sighed, considering a witty retort, but quickly decided that with his head still thumping it was probably best not to rile up his brother any more.
They left the shop fifteen minutes later with four plaid shirts, the blue, the grey, the green cotton one that Cas had managed to pick back up, and two pairs of jeans. Dean, by then, was thoroughly tired of shopping, but he knew there was another vital stop.
Just as he was happy with the room, Dean and Sam returned, arms full of shopping bags. Dean blinked, taking in the room. “Man, it’s shining in here. You did this?”
He trod quieter, his heavy shoes still sounding in the room, but as they rang as quietly as he could muster. He crossed the room quickly, reaching the bedside and dropping the charm on it. No way was he putting it on the guy himself. He could manage to not get jumped until morning.
“Beer’s hydrating.” Dean joked, and Sam flashed a hard glare at him.
"Wow." Sam breathed. "That was pretty cool."
Crowley looked slowly between Sam and Cas. “Any more?.” He laughed, watching as Dean’s smile drop and Sam shifted uncomfortably.
Livvie took the little girl back to her parents. She had been missing for three months.
Dean stopped and backtracked, looking back around the car. It was rusty, and it was ugly. It was the type of car he would hate to be seen driving in.
Not true, it was-” Nope. “Chuck musta changed it.”
"Zadkiel?" He was surprised. "What are you doing here?"
"I'm here, Dean." The younger brother whispered, clasping a hand over Dean's grip. "You're okay."
“And you told me no, which I accepted. And then you kissed me, and you knelt for me.”
"Can't hear you, Sammie."
, with no warning. Sam had warned him he was gonna give Cas whiplash - hell, he’d given
“Holy crap.” Dean breathed, looking across the board. This would be a game changer. The amount of black dots, Leviathans, scattered across were more than a little disconcerting, but at least it gave them a picture of what they were after. “You did good, kiddo.”
And he left. He’d be back, another time. He was certain of it. It was a good place, and this town was safe. They could build a home here. Other hunters got to, why couldn’t they?
Dean glanced up, schooling his face as normal. “Yeah, why?”
"I didn't go through with it!" Dean protested. "I couldn't-"
“I think there’s very little you could do tonight that I wouldn’t be on board with.” Cas answered, and Dean practically gulped. Well, shit.
they are able to enter a body and leave, why they are vulnerable to holy water and exorcisms, the hierarchies. Sam had even explained the process of how a soul is corrupted, so involved in the text that he initially missed Dean’s discomfort. Cas hadn’t. He had looked over to Dean, watching as his teeth gritted as Sam described the stages of tainting a soul, the philosophy behind it… he had seen Dean’s eyes turn cold, his fists clench in his lap. He hadn’t moved, not really, each tiny step infinitesimal, but shouting clear as a bell. And Cas remembered, again, that first time they met… how he had grieved for everything Dean had gone through, everything that Sam was listing right now. And Dean had looked up, just for a second, at Cas, their eyes locking in that shared memory. “
, he’d said, which meant
“Still.” Cas softly squeezed his fingers.
Dean sighed, a crinkle appearing between the brows. “I just…” He leaned into Cas’s touch, letting the weight of his head drop into his palm. “I don’t get how he coulda watched us for years, seen everything, and still thought heaven had it right.”
"Dean?" Sam called. Dean didn't turn.
He could still feel his own pulse, now an irritation to him. He wanted to drop the wrist, take away the reminder that he was still alive whilst Cas was not, but right then, he couldn't. His hand was frozen around it.
“What sort of opportunity?” Sam asked slowly.
"No, she was an open book." Dean sarcastically sniped. "She doesn't seem to have a problem about telling people things."
"Wasn't your fault." Sam muttered, but Cas knew that wasn't quite the truth.
"Yeah, you are!" Dean yelled. "You used to be my friend, you used to be someone I trusted." He sighed. "But now you're just someone who keeps things from me."
“She kissed me, and I pulled away.” He told him, voice low to try and avoid the attention from passers by. Cas narrowed his eyes, noticing immediately. “Because I knew I’d regret it.”
"He's inked up and ready to go." Dean told him, glancing back over at the parlour. "Got him some new threads, too."
"I fear I cannot stop you. Time grows short."
“Yeah, I kinda think we’re not the poster boys for the feds.” Dean said, thinking to the fake FBI badges they all had. Maybe this was actually a sting and they were being arrested, it would make more sense.
"I am sorry that I have fallen." He told him. "And I am sorry that I didn't tell you."
"You're doing fine, Cas." He finished reassuringly, squeezing gently. He couldn't help the small flicker down that his eyes travelled to Castiel's lips, and both of them caught it.
“Cas, are you listening?” Dean waved his hand in front of his face, laughing at him a little. “Come on, hands covered, lets go.”
"Who by?"
Silence rang as the men outside of the trap thought. Part of Cas didn’t believe any of what he was hearing, having spent so many weeks waiting for the knock of death on the door delivered by Crowley. But there was a reason he had worked with him in the past. The demon wasn’t wholly trustworthy, but he was a being of his word, and was dedicated to his own survival. His read on the Leviathans was accurate to Castiel’s knowledge, and to the books they had read in the library. It made sense.
"Yeah, so?" Dean spat. "Our days are the type of days that would make most people run, screaming, for the hills. Do you blame me for wanting to get out of that?"
There was a mythical thread that when sewn into a wound could heal it, however bad. But Cas didn't have an open wound.
.” They both answered simultaneously, glancing at each other in mild surprise. Okay, Dean thought, Cas was staying on that train with him. Good.
“Oh,” Sam’s head shot up, glancing between the two of them, shooting an awkward look at Dean. Ouch. “Yeah, sure?”
"You ever think of not starting the day with a hangover?"
He also fixed his appendix while he was at it.
“Seriously?”
Not enough to let her continue. Not when she had Dean pinned up against the wall, attempting to pry the life from him.
"Woah..." She smiled, letting go and stepping back, releasing him. "Would you listen to that? Your boyfriend is calling."
“Could shoot the lock?” Sam suggested, and Dean pulled his gun out, stepping back and trying it. Four bullets ricocheted off, no dent on the door or the handle. Dean looked closely, trying to spot an indent - nothing.
“The stuffed zucchini or the job?” Cas clarified.
“Dunno what you’re talking about.” Dean said, a little too quickly.
"Bad dreams again?" Sam asked casually, but Dean didn't reply. Instead there was a heavy banging on the door, followed by a rattling on the handle.
"No; you like to completely forget the day at the end of it. Every day."
"Which makes it absolutely fine!" He backpedalled. "Who needs direction. Not me!"
"Then I'm doing what I need to." Livvie took a step closer to her. "Why should he live while my Father is dead? Why does that backstabber deserve to live?"
Could it yet?
"I go for a jog first thing." Sam told him, gesturing with his hand to the pan. "Keep the bacon moving so it doesn't stick."
His face softened again, and he placed a hand on Cas’s back again. “I wasn’t gonna take us to some greasy diner. Let’s see what it’s like on this side of the tracks for once, yeah?”
"That's the question, isn't it?" She smiled. "I was going to kill you right now; none of your little body guards about, but then I heard what she was saying... you're losing your grace. And that's going to hurt like hell."
Cas looked back to her, realisation dawning on his face. Livvie saw the look on his face, the change, the quiet smugness of knowledge, and a flash of fear crossed across her face.
Cas blinked, still clearly unused to this gender change.
“Sounds like it’s been a day for it.” He gestured to a desk and she collapsed into a chair, letting her duffel fall to the ground. “Keep going.”
But that second didn’t come, because instead Dean surged forwards, stepping into his space and in an instant he was on him. The air rushed out of his lungs as he felt Dean’s lips press against his, Dean’s hands cupped around the back of head, anchoring him as Dean pushed him back against the bookshelves. Dean’s whole body followed, and Cas felt the line of him from top to toe against him as he pulled a harsh breath through his nose. This was Dean, Dean against him, Dean kissing him, Dean’s thumbs against his jaw.
"Yeah, we know." Sam smiled.
He had felt so many human sensations since he had fallen. But nothing, not the itch of the tattoo, not the papercut, not the feeling of cold dew soaking into denim or the sharp goosebumps from cold air on wet skin… not the terror of waking up from a nightmare, or the ache of trying to keep his eyes open when he was desperate for sleep. Not the annoyance, the frustration, the joy and the sadness that came with being human, nothing compared to this, nothing so human as this, as his love for Dean. It overflowed, overwhelmed, and he’s never felt more human.
He could take Cas out to that fancy restaurant in town. It looked nice in there, and Cas deserved nice. They could enjoy the finer things in life, could place fabric napkins over their laps and drink out of wine glasses. They could do that.
hurts.”
Dean slumped down in the seat, groaning. “Human Cas does. Trust me.”
"Who?"
"No." He shook his head, turning away, flexing his hand again. "Dean doesn't want me there."
He glanced down to Cas’s crotch, could see the outline of his dick pressing against the denim.
"What're you-?" Dean asked, but stopped as he watched in amazement as the man began to breathe, slowly, agonisingly slowly.
“Hey…” Sam responded warily, still not coming around the corner. “Is it safe?”
It was the kitchen. The same furniture. The same floor. The same ceiling. Significantly fewer people, though. He looked around, before his eyes caught on the floor directly beneath him. Charcoal black, dark and stained against the rest of the wood panelling.
Dean's eyes flicked up a little too quickly. "He woke up."
"What attitude?"
He took the blunt blade, quickly, he was late after all, and jammed it straight between two ribs, then drew it along the gap between them, opening a stretched wound. He took the stapler and peeled back the eyelids, pinning them in place. He took a pile of paperclips, opening them out and pressing them deep into the flesh until they weren’t visible, again and again. He used hole punchers on their fingertips, and took the foam innards from the highlighters and stuffed them into the nostrils as far as they could go.
“Right back at ya.” She pulled away, punching him gently in the chest, no malice or pain, just a gesture Cas didn’t understand yet. “I was watching your Risk tactics, I’m gonna be unstoppable in Moondoor.”
"Okay... what made him laugh?"
“It’s fine.” Dean said again, and Cas knew it as a dismissal. He could push this, possibly causing Dean to freak out again. But somehow he knew Dean wouldn’t believe him either way. He’d seen it, years ago, years after they first met:
The lake was quiet. It was also uncharacteristically warm for this time of year, but the birds and the fish didn't seem to mind.
It just wasn’t him, was all. This place wasn’t him, even though he looked comfortable enough on the outside. He wasn’t gay, he knew that. Sure, in his teen years he’d done what he’d needed to for money, but he reaped the consequences of that pretty damn hard from John. He had nothing against gay guys (nothing against ones who don’t use and abuse teenagers, anyway), and if this is what Cas wanted to explore, if this is who he is, then all Dean wants is for him to be happy. If Cas could find a contentment and happiness that Dean has never been able to find, that would be enough.
He could hear Cas hum in thought for a second, the room was so quiet, in spite of their breathing, Sam rattling around downstairs, and the owl outside. "Probably the tablets that Moses brought down from Mount Sinai, though the New International Version is an excellent translation."
“And it’s not like he’s
“What are you suggesting?” Sam asked.
"We haven't lost him!"
When Dean was 16 he’d picked himself up off the floor. He’d seen the mess that was him in the mirror, the blood streaking his face that was starting to dry. He’d cleaned himself off, erased as much as he could of everything that had happened. And he’d cleaned the room, wiped up his blood, changed the bedsheets, threw away the condom. Sam would be back soon, and he put a smile on his face when he walked through the door with his homework, and Dean told him about a quick hunt he’d been on that afternoon. They didn’t see John for a month after that. Money got thin. He stole instead, and got caught.
"No." He admitted.
"A friend of ours came back recently, and he's really sick. Like, don't know if he's gonna make it, sick." He summed up, not looking at Garth, but feeling his stare on him.
“’Course.”
Sam squinted slightly, trying to read Dean’s question. “I said I was, yeah?”
"I can see you, child." Zedkiel said. "You have great capacity for love in that heart of yours. You might want to consider sharing it with someone other than your Father."
“So I kept digging, and I came across you guys.” She looked at them seriously for a second, taking in the three of them. “They’re scared of you.”
Darkness. That figured.
Sam got there first, faster than Dean, shoved aside as his massive frame took up the entire doorway. Cas was thrashing in the bed, limbs twisted and tangled, his head turned to the side as far as it would go, tendons pulled so far they jut out in his neck. They had only just made it into the room when Cas's eyes snapped open and he was upright, hands clawing at the covers, the metal of the chain tying two fingers together, clearly lost, confused, absolutely freaking terrified. Dean stepped forwards, trying to keep the fear from his face but probably failing, recognising suddenly what was happening. Cas had had a nightmare. A really bad one.
Dean turned away from Crowley, nodding to Sam and Cas and walking from the dungeon. Cas spared a glance to the demon, who straightened his posture as he settled in to wait for a decision, lifting his chin to square off with Cas. So, he followed the Winchesters out of the room too, closing the door behind him so their conversation wouldn’t travel.
Sam glanced to Dean who was fast asleep, snoring ever so slightly. "What do you mean?"
Dean took one last look at the screen. "We're coming for you, Cas; hang in there."
He saw Cas’s smile crack. He’d meant it as a joke, but deep down he knew it wasn’t. “I think the time for that has long past.” He said simply, his hand trailing to skim Dean’s jaw, feel the stubble settling in. “You’re years too late.”
"Very astute observation, however there's a bit of traffic, if you hadn't noticed." He kicked a stray corpse across the floor, getting tangled in the mass that was now there.
“Oh.” Dean said, pulling the fabric of the gown repeatedly to make a breeze. “It feels warm.”
[10:15 AM] Sam: Bickering, constantly. Old married couple. Cas might crash the car on purpose.
Sam sighed again, but conceded. "Fine. Just keep him alive."
“Cool?” Dean repeated, taking a sip of his drink. Why wasn’t this beer?
"Yeah, maybe." Dean mimicked. "What? What do you have in mind? Got a girl in mind? Someone who can handle the life? Can she balance breastfeeding and ganking at the same time?"
“You’re saying if you had a kid, you’d do that?” Sam asked, and Dean scoffed.
"What is this?" He asked the woman, and she looked up again.
him to him, and Dean was left holding the two drinks. The plastic beer bottle felt flimsy and fake in his hand, giving in to the pressure of his grip, but the fruity rainbow drink felt solid, cold in his hand. He rolled his eyes and took an experimental sip through the straw, the sugar hitting his tongue in a flash, surprising Dean. It wasn’t bad. He almost tried to smother his face, make a show of distaste, but who here would judge him?
He followed it, folding down to the ground, pulling Cas’s now open pants down just enough, finding the elastic of his underwear and tugging, freeing Cas, so hard.
“Wiped you. Completely.”
Cas's mouth rose at a corner as he looked at Sam. "I appreciate your concern." He told him, toying with his food in an almost mirror-like fashion to Dean.
Dean pulled the minced beef towards him, slamming it on the counter a little hard for meat that’s well past the tenderised stage. He didn’t say anything as he tore a chunk off, sculpting it into a thick wedge of a patty. “Slice the buns?”
She pulled a file out of her briefcase, sliding it over to the two of them. “This is the plan, the setup, and a provisional contract. Read it over, see how much you remember your lectures, Sam.” She winked, surprising them both with a flash of friendliness that didn’t match her steely exterior.
, but seeing as you’ve suggested otherwise-”
“Because it’s not me, I don’t do that.” Dean sighed. “No offence to you, but I can’t be that.”
"Cas-"
"Spoilsport." Dean smiled, looking down as his friend moved further along the wall, looking at a rose as he reached into a pocket of his shirt, pulling out Bobby's old whiskey flask and handing it to Cas, shaking it a little when he didn't immediately take it.
"CAS! GET YOUR ASS HERE, RIGHT NOW!"
"How do you and Sam choose clothing?" Cas asked, dutifully moving onto the next rail, not really looking at the clothes.
"Please," She stopped him. "Livvie."
Funny how celestial beings with such power could be so easily overpowered by a simple human.
And so Cas started leaving the bunker alone, the fresh air revitalising, though he still carried an angel blade with him. He watched as spring started to poke through the ground, and he cleared the slope that the bunker was built into of leaves, watching as bulbs began to sprout, green shoots blossoming into delicate snowdrops. He walked further, trying to approximate the placing of the conservatory, one time bringing out a blueprint they had found to better source it. After a week of searching he found it in the side of a hill face, and he started to clear it of leaves and dirt, smiling when he saw the first glimpse of the room below. He wondered if his difficulty in finding it was down to a low level repellence spell, dissuading casual walkers from traipsing on top of the glass to keep it safe and unseen.
It took lifetimes, millennia's, and just a few seconds for it to stop. He lay there, curled on the floor, shuddering against the residual pain, not noticing the cold bleeding through his clothes.
"Cas?" Dean asked, and the angel moved round so the hunter could see him. He paid no heed to his bloodied hands as he took hold of his friend.
He closed his eyes. He wasn't doing this if he could see. He couldn't pretend it was some large-breasted, blonde haired, nameless girl if he could see the stubbly male beneath him.
“I think we should eat.” Cas murmured against him, the words quiet. “You’ll feel better.”
His instinct was to shove the dish away, fling it against the wall and shatter it, destroy the summoning. But he knew it was too late. An angel was on its way and no amount of domestic vandalism would halt that.
“No.”
"Oh, of course." She cried, moving away from Cas and turning back to the boys. She took a step back, reaching the metal gate, stroking it with her fingertips. "I'm just an abomination, aren't I?"
But Dean merely looked away again, clearing his throat. "Hunters know better than that, though; we salt and burn, don't want our family getting stuck." He told him, but then he paused, sighing. "But I kept my Dad's jacket, I kept Jo's gun... it's not quite a chunk of their hair, or something gross like that, but it's something."
“I didn’t want to intrude.” Cas said, straightening up a little as he approached. Dean instinctively reached out a hand to snag Cas’s fingertips with an ease that surprised himself a little; how long had that reflex been there, untapped and clamped down? He squeezed them a little, not wanting to drop them.
“I’m more likely to crash with all of these
The beer tasted bitter after that sip of pure sugar, and now Dean grimaced, chasing it down some more until it tasted normal again.
There was one more thing, something he’d kicked himself over when he realised.
“I… call you?” Cas guessed, and Dean nodded, raising an eyebrow. Cas placed his own money down, the pink of the monopoly money taken from the games closet faded over the years.
God, Dean was jealous to all hell of Cas. Cas knew what he wanted, and was unafraid to ask for it. He was so far removed from societal expectations of all of this, of the coyness of dating, of flirting, of what it meant to be a man. He just wanted, he desired, and he stated an intention.
Sam sighed, looking down to the closed door. “We’ve done it before, fighting Lucifer. So we keep an eye on him, don’t trust him a hundred percent, but if it keeps demons off our backs and lets us focus on one army at a time? Sounds good to me.”
"Because," Dean told her. "I will find you. If you hurt him, if you do anything, I will kill you. I won't even hesitate."
Sam raised his eyebrows. "Seriously?"
“I keep going over and over it. I had so many reasons at the time but I know that if I had just
Garth had pocketed all the change from the parking-meter scheme, and a few other odds and ends, when Sam told him they were leaving. Not letting the smaller man drive agonisingly slowly this time, Sam took the wheel, getting lost a few too many times for his liking before he eventually found himself in somewhat familiar territory, remembering this particular stretch of almost-road from when they had first arrived here after the hospital. Within three long minutes they were back at the cabin, and Sam barely bothered to turn off the engine before jumping out, racing up the steps to the cabin.
Her eyes rolled back and closed as she fell, collapsing into his arms.
“And I never healed it?” Cas pressed a thumb over it as if to try.
"Gold star, Sammy," He quipped. "I'd given up by then. He was gone. Lights out."
"Okay." He sighed, gesturing for Cas to dump the rest on the chair for some poor member of staff to clear later. "What you wanna do is
"Well, when two boys go steady-"
“You weren’t comfortable with what happened, you didn’t want that. I should have stopped it.”
Dean shook his head, fed up with himself for even trying to joke about it in his head.
“Who’s not dead or off the grid?” Dean huffed, counting off his fingers. “Pastor Jim, Pedro, Bobby, Rufus, Harvelle’s… all gone, and their places too.” He glanced at the duffel bags Sam had lugged along, hastily packed as soon as the perimeter hex bags had flared, wondering what had been left behind, which of Cas’s new clothes were now up in cinders… it was the least of his worries, really. “We can’t bring this down on Garth.”
“No, Cas, it wasn’t like that.” Dean shook his head, but Cas knew.
"She handily left it for us outside a bar." Dean smiled.
“Only if you fancy losing friends tonight.” Dean smirked, reaching for his beer, which was low. Sam groaned, glancing at the time - it was still early.
"Everything is not fine, you IDIOT!" She yelled. "CASTIEL!" She moved to walk into the lake, but stopped abruptly, looking just past the boys, behind them; her face contorted in rage. The boys looked behind them, and saw the familiar form of Castiel, standing sodden behind them. Wet all over from the lake, his hair was dripping water onto his face, his suit hung heavy, and his tie was extremely discoloured. But his body, his flesh... it was like nothing had happened, like he hadn't exploded.
“He, uh, he made a move.” Dean said, picking the label on his bottle.
Fuck, it was. Dean swallowed, shrugging it off and trying to play it cool. “If you want it to be.”
was exasperating. It was all politics. It all came down to bluster and ego and reputation, rather than any real power. There was something so banal, so
, the acknowledgement of what Cas had said last night. So he kept it simple, made Cas follow, and let instinct take over. Sure he gave him some pointers, what’s a friend for? Should he have told him about drugs? Drugs were a thing in this scene, he knew; more than once they’d checked out a case and learned quickly it was club-drugs. Cas should know about that.
And then Cas stepped back, leaving Dean with empty air and a body screaming for more. He blinked at Cas, confused; he looked just as fucked as Dean felt. “Bedroom?” Cas repeated. Oh, right, that was it. Dean grinned, cocky, pushing Cas forwards and towards the hallway, capturing his mouth again, stepping him backwards like some kind of waltz. He could feel his muscles under his shirt, the ones he’d admired, that had grown over the last few weeks, filling out Cas’s form and making Dean’s mouth water at the thought of them. He could feel their strength, feel the resistance in them as Dean tried to move him, could feel them tight around his chest when Cas held him. It was never like this with chicks, and he hadn’t known what he was missing out on.
“And?”
He turned down the stereo.
"Your timing is ill-planned," Cas pointed out. "If you plan on killing me so soon."
"Yes."
“Tired tonight? Or tired of…. all of this?” Sam gestured with his good arm, looking out and around at the darkness. Their life. Their lot in life.
"I'm not giving you my life story." Livvie snapped.
Glancing down as if only just noticing himself, he blinked. "Yes." He walked over to the cup Dean had spilt, peering at the inside. "Is there something wrong with the coffee?"
Dean glanced at the devils trap he knew to be on the floor, but could see the scuff marks, the worn away faded lines. He'd done it when they first arrived, as subtle as he could make it, but he could see he'd done a shit job. The janitor had come round a few times to mop the floor, it was already worn down. He cursed his rookie error, seeing immediately that it could get them killed. He took a step to place himself between Crowley and the bed, Cas..
"Balthazar."
"The women's section seems to have more variety in sizes-"
The kiss, gentle at first, became heated, the soft press of tongue turning fast, and Dean let out a moan as Cas scratched his fingernails through Dean’s hair, pulling the strands just a little. Dean pulled him closer, and gasped when he felt the heat and pressure of Cas against him, answering his own.
“At least they see humans as food - they need you alive! They can’t even
it can be, can feel.”
"Coast clear?" Dean asked.
?” He’d asked, and Sam had paused in thought. The conversation shifted, and Dean looked to Cas for a minute, grateful, catching his eye with a small smile.
But he wasn't. No-one was by the water. It was deserted, looking for all the world like a normal lake. As if nothing had ever happened there.
"I don't suppose you've considered forgiveness?"
"You're staring. I got popcorn on my face, or something?" His tone was wary, daring Sam to say something. Dangling the bait to bite.
“Don’t drop your weapon, don’t get dead.” Dean instructed, and Cas gritted his jaw. “You hear me?”
"You sure about this?" Sam asked, glancing over at his brother.
He scoffed out a laugh. “Please, I just gave him a blow job.”
“I, uh, think you said it all.”
Something was telling him that Cas was going to go veggie… and Dean was going to try to slow that day down every chance he could. He was going to have to learn how to cook tofu, wasn’t he. He didn’t even know what tofu was, for fucks sake.
