Pepper had easily done this several dozen times.  Most of those times had occurred in the nineties.  Tony's early thirties had been a roller-coaster ride.
Steve realized this was the most he'd ever spoken about Bucky to Tony, ever. It was like the band-aid had been ripped off. It was no longer an awkward topic to skirt around. It was bloody and bright on the back of Steve's neck.
He woke up to footsteps around the cell. The man in the suit was pacing outside as a scientist wrote down notes rather intently. "Interesting. That they slept together. Maybe we won't need in the inducers."
Steve was very much aroused himself by this point, to the extent where his running shorts were probably wet at the back. He nosed along the inside of Tony's thigh then nipped lightly at the skin there. "If you want something," he said, voice deceptively sweet. "You should ask for it."
"It's my fault," were the first words out of Steve's mouth the minute they got into the car. "He's going through hell, or worse. And it's because of me. We should have tried to find out, we should have--"
"Okay, well... I'll be there soon.  But if my smell does bother you, let me know, and I'll leave.  I know it's unsettling.
Eric looked uncomfortable whenever Steve asked him questions. "Stuff like how to discipline your omega when he acts out."
. Steve groaned, eyes fluttering shut as Tony emptied into him. He trembled and squirmed. At some point, during the knotting process, he came. Steve was distantly aware of his ass tightening around Tony and his stomach getting wet and warm. Fuck. It was like he was floating and he was aware of nothing other than Tony and the place where they were connected.
Pepper reached up to try to flatten the hair on the back of Tony's neck.  "Tony. Natasha's just here to wish you Merry Christmas and then she'll go."
Tony rolled over, aware of Steve's absence.  He groped sleepily for the omega; not finding him, he jolted away.  He sat up groggily, hair sticking up.  "Steve?" he mumbled, looking over at Steve blearily.  "Whaddya doing, who's that?"  He ran a hand down his face, feeling the stubble; he needed a trim, his goatee was starting to lose shape.
"Does it occur that I don't want you to die because of me to prove a point? If you'd had the suit with you, it would be different," Steve conceded. "But what if he had
that if you don't follow through with this voluntarily, SHIELD is going to make you.  You're considered a massive, unpredictable security risk, and Gideon Malick has it out for you."
"Steve," he mumbled hoarsely, squirming weakly.  Steve bucked under him, seeking more, Tony buried his length into him.  "Steve... gotta take more pills... here..." He shoved them toward Steve.  White pills... had it been twelve hours? Tony had lost all sense of time.  He'd been reduced to a sort of automaton and all he could really think about was mating Steve.  He hadn't unsheathed his cock since they'd begun. His knot was throbbing in a not-pleasant way.  For the first time, Tony was aware that Steve was, at least physiologically, twenty years younger than him.
But he was too worn out to get into a big fight about it.  He desperately wanted to sleep; he felt like he'd been awake for a week.  Exhaustion was hitting him, hard.
"Really? Maybe... maybe I could ask DeSoto more about his day-to-day life. Maybe it'll come up then." Steve's interested was admittedly a little piqued. "He doesn't look pregnant or anything. I can't think of much else that would make you really wanna protect the guy. He's not getting rid of him, is he? Like he basically ditched Trickshot?"
Tony woke in the middle of the day.  Beside him, Steve was sweating and breathing heavily, aroused.  He was in preheat. Not heat. Weird. Tony would have thought, by now...
"Steve," said Tony quietly.  "I know they feel really real.  But they're not. I have them, too.  You're okay."  He pulled Steve to him and hugged him.
"I've got this," Bethany assured them and got out of the car. The man was shouting at them through the windscreen, saying something equally as crude as his sign. Steve felt a little sick and Aria looked horrified. Sometimes he forget she had two omega moms, that this really hit home for her. That every sign she read wasn't just about Steve-- it was about them too. After a bit of a struggle Bethany managed to drag him down, ripping his sign from his hands and pushing him back towards the crowd. A policeman came and took his arm, leading him back out of the gates.
"I wish all of them were this positive," said Richard cheerily.  "Donner, I need you to breathe, please. In and out. Come on, let's see some breathing.  In and out--"
"Maybe," Steve sighed as he examined the tickets. "Maybe in like a week. But not right now. I'm fed up of being in front of cameras already."
"Hi, Team Foxtrot?  This is Tony, uh, Tony Stark, and Steve's... Steve's carrying a kid upstairs to you, from the medical wing," said Tony awkwardly into the walkie-talkie Judy had given him.
He went back to working on his suits in the basement, fixing up the old ones and still trying to create the Mark VII, which he could get to come to him and also to assemble but was having a hard time keeping from slamming into him with the force of a small vehicle.  In a way, he appreciated the difficulty of the problem. That meant he spent less time thinking about Steve breaking people's bones, and less time thinking about Lab 9 and Steve's old mate, Bucky, who might, at any moment, be lurking somewhere plotting to kill him. And of course there was the issue Tony didn't dare bring up, the issue of trios, because he'd never been with a single person this long.  Their six-month bonding anniversary was in November; as they days moved into December, Tony wondered if he was doomed to only sleep with Steve for the rest of his life. He hadn't really thought about that when he'd mated him. But he couldn't help but let pretty girls catch his eye now and then. He was Tony goddamn Stark and the lingerie models of the world were his playground. He felt robbed, almost.
"...once the camps start getting shut down, we're going to have to get the kids to safe places.  Get them access to therapy, medical treatment, education... put them back on track."
Steve broke away to murmur that he loved him; Tony nosed his jaw in response.  "'M'mega," he mumbled.  He slid out of Steve gently, rolled over, peeled off the condom, and tossed it aside without any indication that this action was in any way unacceptable.  Yet another indication of a life lived with a nameless, faceless, ghost-like presence of staff that revolved madly around Tony at all times.
They moved into the lift and it was suitably awkward. Steve broke the quiet after a minute. "Shall I arrange for some rooms to be set up?" He asked. Technically, he was fired but he was still more than capable of doing PA work.
The interviewer had agreed to meet him there; when Steve walked in, a dozen people immediately turned and beamed at him.  Steve forced a smile back.
Karpov swore.  Watching his perfect asset's programming slowly unravel was a terrible thing, like watching a beloved old dog get sick and slow.
collar.  I never said I was betting Steve; you just assumed.  I said I was betting two nights. You won me. Not him."
"HYDRA tortured him. I've read the files. They tortured him for years. They fucked his head, they've put controls in his brain. They took a way everything that made him a person. They hurt and tore apart a man that I loved and then made him come after me, made him
Steve's gaze darted over the garden and driveway, his throat tight with worry and doubt. There was nothing. There was
"Great.  I have days.  Do it," demanded Tony.  "Just be subtle, okay?  I don't want to get Steve in trouble."
"Why does Steve care if I care?" replied Tony furiously.  "It's not like I was proposing a fuckin' triad! Steve's been acting weird ever since--"  Tony didn't bother to finish.
"Holding his hand?" Sam hissed. "What the actual fuck is going on?  Also, don't you dare talk shit Stark. You left him first--"
"Excited to meet your baby, eh?  That's fantastic." Richard seemed unflappable.  He didn't comment on Steve's preheat or puffy eyes, nor Tony bristling with aggression, nor anything else.  He also didn't ask any more questions about Gideon but make pleasant conversation with Donner as he got them into a room, offering Donner a hospital gown and talking him through what to expect.  Donner listened attentively, wincing occasionally.
Steve smiled against him when Tony finally said please. He hummed in approval. "That's more like it," he murmured and then he moved to take Tony into his mouth. He sucked around the head, swirling with his tongue before he ducked down lower till the head nudged the back of his mouth. He watched Tony's reaction intently, taking in his every shudder and sound, before he moved to bob his head.
Tony gritted his teeth a little.  "Yeah. I got it. I'm a shitty Alpha, okay?  We both pretend like dominance doesn't matter, but it does.  You're Steve fuckin' Rogers. You're bigger than me, taller, stronger, faster.  I completely failed at mating you. We went collar shopping and you had a panic attack.  Obviously, I'm a shit Alpha who can't provide the kind of dominance you need to feel satisfied, which is why you went off with Bucky, isn't it?  Who is not only more dominant than me, but also, let's face it, the only Alpha that can really and truly be dominant over you and pin you down and do what you need done.  I say, gee, Steve, I sure do miss women, and you lose it! But then you get needy enough and you go out to find yourself a good Alpha. Fuckin' hypocite."
They stepped out of the lift and headed for the Alpha's seemingly expensive suite. When they walked in there was just a lone man inside. He was a middle-aged black man in a well-fitted suit. He had broad shoulders and a patient warmness in his eyes. Donner found himself feeling quietly hopeful. But he didn't dare drop his guard entirely.  Looks could be deceiving.  And besides, he didn't want to just to stay another night with an Alpha... he couldn't keep doing it.  He wanted a mate, a home, some stability.
friend.  And he's not a happy person. I know people think Captain America is this... fun,  amazing confident  guy, yeah? But he's also lonely and out of his depth and in the
He tried to obey the order, but it was easier said than done.  His dander refused to go down and he couldn't help that. Especially when it looked like they were all getting into the back of the same vehicle, an old Soviet cargo truck, the back covered with a black tarpaulin, two benches facing each other.  He had a weird idea that he'd sat in the back of a military vehicle like this before, him and a bunch of guys, laughing, on their way somewhere in Europe.
speak as many languages as I.  I know English, French, Japanese, SQL, C++, Python, Perl, Java, binary..."  Steve looked lost again. "...
As for Steve... he just wanted to go home. He wanted to go back to his ma and eat steaming hot porridge in front of the fireplace. They could never afford to heat it but Steve liked to sit in front of it anyway.
Across the room, there was the sound of rocks tumbling, a flash of silver, and Rhodey rose unsteadily to his feet, coughing.
Beth turned back toward the hotel.  Clearly, Tony wasn't thinking straight.  "Care to explain what's going on, exactly?"
"Hello?" Steve called out tentatively, stepping inside a dark corridor that broke off into several rooms. Each door had a number on it. They went up to the number five. Steve swallowed, stepping further in. He placed his hand on the door handle of number one. "Is anyone here?"
"When...when did we get here?" Steve rubbed a hand over his face and yawned, blinking blearily. "I don't remember--"
"I... I don't know," said Tony, feeling confused.  "I don't think so.  I mean, he's my type, obviously.  He's... he's blond and he's good-looking... and, you know, capable... muscular... attractive... very attractive..."  Tony's mouth was starting to water again.  He cut himself off.  "I mean, he's... I don't know, yeah, I like him, that's why we hired him, but I don't... I didn't... I don't know
Tony reached up-- no, down; he was hanging upside-down-- and pulled off his helmet so he wouldn't vomit in it.  The air was cool and welcome and smelled like oil and metal and something else, something sharp and electric.
"What's the stuff you guys inject me with, exactly?  Psilocybin or something?" asked Tony curiously.
"Well, good for you.  Most people wouldn't want to spend their honeymoons being attacked by terrorists, but--"
Steve waited for Tony to get down off the roof, repulsors hissing softly before he landed on the ground. Steve sighed softly as he got off his bike. "JARVIS helped me get here," he said, figuring mentioning the drunk and crying one night stand wasn't in good taste right now. He walked up to Tony, the man almost taller than him in his suit rather than smaller. Steve placed his hands on his hips and tilted his head at Tony, exhaling slowly.
Steve ran to it, his feet pounding on the dusty grass. The door was locked when he got to it. Steve kicked it once. Twice. The door swung open.
On the front page of Us Weekly was the same picture, but the caption had nothing to do with the party.
Tony flopped down onto a deck chair and held out an arm, inviting Steve to lie down with him.  He was still holding the Bloody Mary in his other hand, though he was nearly finished with it.
"I won't. I'll be better." Steve breathed and leaned forward. He rolled onto his front and edged closer, a strange coil tightening in his belly as he leaned forward to nuzzle Tony's crotch before he mouthed at his Alpha's member through his boxers.
"Well, Captain, thank you for your generous if a bit unnecessarily difficult contribution to science," said the man in the suit.  "We'll be in touch. We'll either recreate the serum or, failing at that, create a new inducer. Either way, we'll get what we want."
"Are you sure you'll be alright in here by yourself?" Happy asked with a faint frown on his features but Steve waved off his concern.
"I'll show you, I'll show you, Alpha!" she said quickly, looking thoroughly frightened.  "Everyone's already up a-and doing their chores, b-but there's two in the dorms m-making beds and three in the laundry room and Willow is in the office with Mr. Joseph, and three are in th-the lounge."
Tony watched him stand up.  He had questions, like what the fuck to do if Steve turned into Bucky again.  But he didn't know how to ask them so he let Gleason leave.
Donner watched them as well, sipping some orange juice.  He cast a sideways glance at Banksy.  "He's unbonded," he repeated, clearly scandalized by Tony's flippant allowance of Steve having Alpha friends.
showroom.  Please, we're not buying anything from here.  We're meeting a rep named Lydia to look at a private collection."  He hooked his arm into Steve's and gave him a pat. "Steve, you killed Nazis.  You can try on a couple of collars. Just to be clear, we're not even considering anything less than a cool mil.  C'mon."
the twenty-first century.  Those are the only kinda rights we got.  Like, what sorta thing are you..." He trailed off, staring into Steve's eyes, gaze glazed.  "...you got like... like the bluest eyes, man."
Natasha called Dr. Gleason ahead of time to be at their house so he could patch up Steve's neck. They needed someone to check over both Steve and Tony and it certainly couldn't be either her or Sam right now.  Gleason sounded quite alarmed when Natasha told him Steve had had an included heat in a fight and a bad bite mark that needed tending to; getting an early-morning call of that sort probably would have alarmed any doctor.
"Okay. Cool," Steve sucked tomato sauce off of his index fingers. "Anything we have to do. We'll do it. You just say the word."  He gave his hands a brief wipe on a cloth napkin.
...typically, the two of them noticed each other's panic attacks easily, but Steve, outside on the phone with Gideon, was not currently aware of anything but his own emotions.
Tony paused.  He didn't move.  Steve asking him not to leave was like a spell.  He couldn't do it, not with Steve's blue eyes pleading with him.
"Alright, Boz," said Banksy, giving Boswell a kiss.  "We'll try to keep the rowdiness to less than a hundred decibels."
Steve's heat sank in his chest. "I don't know," he whispered. "I'll be able to find you, with this." he gestured to the back of his neck. "I promise I'll get you help Buck. I swear. I just can't do that within SHIELD. Not yet. Not now. Not when there's HYDRA scattered throughout it.  The important thing is... until I find you, you stay away from Karpov. He's not a good man Bucky. He's hurt you.
"I think you're giving him exactly what he needs right now, Darren," said Nadine gently.  "If he wants more from you, the important thing is that he knows he can ask." Darren nodded.
He didn't feel like he had any right to try to win Steve when he'd come second.  Steve still had feelings for his other Alpha.  Ha.  Didn't do trios... what a fucking asshole.
Tony shook himself out.  "Sorry.  I'll be back in time for the flight, I mean," he said, trying not to stare.  He'd never noticed before but Coulson was actually a good-looking guy.  Not as good as Steve, though.  Steve was a work of art.  Carved from marble.  Even though his clothes were messy and dirty and his face was flushed, Tony couldn't help but feel a sharp pang of attraction.
Steve's fingertips were on his heart, and Bucky felt like he was melting.  Steve's lips parted and he gently pushed their tongues together, and he could remember how desperately he'd wanted this, years ago, it felt like, when they would sit side by side on the faded old brown couch and listen to the radio and kiss gently and hold hands.  Steve's mouth was like coming home. He reached up to wrap his hand around Steve's on his chest, nudging softly against Steve's mouth, tasting him, moving his own mouth languidly. And for once, he wasn't thinking about Karpov, or HYDRA, or his orders. He was only thinking about Steve.  And he was happy.
"Aria says the documentarians will come to do the interview at one this afternoon," JARVIS supplied usefully from above, but Steve wasn't really listening to him. He was already moving to straddle Tony's waist, letting his cock nudge between Steve's arse cheeks. He let out a quiet sound. "Gleason will arrive at lunch time to provide medication."
, I can about Project PEGASUS, and you and I are going to deal with this thing together.  We're not going in blind, this isn't the forties.  We're going to educate ourselves and make sure we take every precaution, and everything is going to be okay."
Once Tony was in the van and everyone else piled in, Natasha slammed the doors and reached under the dash to start the engine. Wanda was still kneeling in the cargo hold, curled over her brother, tears running down her cheeks, trying to wake him up.  She looked up at the sound of the van starting.
Tony looked down.  "Uh... and even though I know you're gonna be.. doing that, and stuff, I would prefer if you were at my psych eval."  He glanced up.  "I mean, I've had bad trips before, I don't think SHIELD can really throw anything at me I can't handle.  But I wanna make sure I'm on the team.  You guys are seriously short on Iron Men and it'd be a damn shame if your little justice league were missing the coolest super-powered badass ever."
"I mean-- I mean, you can't really... have planned for kids.  You're a soldier, y'know? I mean, not anymore, but-- well, it's not like anyone in your position would have kids.  Sam doesn't have kids... Clint doesn't have kids," Tony pointed out. Steve still felt sad.
"Eric," he breathed, voice soft like velvet. "Good to see you. And Piper too, looking wonderful as always."
Aria and Pepper were on the sidelines though. And they certainly wouldn't let them. They were no goddamn fun. It wasn't Steve's fault he got drunk anyway, was it...? But he might as well enjoy himself now he was.
Fury looked over at Steve's flowers, glaring at them, voice softening to a dangerous level.  "...now you listen up, Captain. Listen real good. You better start planning out a strategy for damage control because right now, so help me God, I'm ready to put your ass right back into that iceberg where they found you.  Consider this talk your official warning. If you weren't as much of a beloved icon as you are, trust me, your ass would be locked up right now and the key would be melted down to make commemorative coins. You take whatever deal you get because I can tell you already that you're going to get a hell of a lot more leniency than you should and that you already have.  And you better have one hell of a speech prepared for the psychologist when she comes around here to interview you in a couple of hours. Any questions?"
When Tony woke up, light was streaming through the windows and Steve was gone.  For a moment, Tony experienced panic.  Then he remembered Steve's interview.  He let out a mirthless laugh; poor Steve.  Tony felt awful.  How Steve was going to handle himself while suffering the after-effects of the simulation were beyond him.
Tony's stomach lurched.  Steve had charged in there and he'd no doubt been shot at... what if he'd been hit?  What if Joey hadn't been there? Tony hadn't realized there were snipers... when the smoke had cleared, Steve would have been a sitting duck.
He could have gone after her, but instead he walked back into the motel room with a sigh, where Bucky was draped over the couch, helping the on-screen Steve and his cartoon dog look for clues.
"They hold hands all the time," said Phil reasonably.  "His neuroses aren't really well-defined. Steve couldn't have known.  Excuse me." He ducked back into the recesses of his den and a moment later Steve heard a groan of pain, another heat spasm.
"There's been a lot of studies proving otherwise," Eric whispered from Piper's left. Studies, Steve thought,
Steve pulled a face and sipped at his coffee before leaning over to peer at the laptop on the table between them. There was multiple headlines popping up on the news stream, all of them suitably cheesy. "I guess, better to get it over and done with sooner and rather than later."
Now that he'd turned his attention to the blond he found it almost impossible to look away.  The blond captured him interest immensely for reasons he couldn't articulate, neither in English nor Russian.
With that, he pulled the goggles back down and went back to welding, humming to himself loudly.  The shop was Tony's happy place; even buzzed as he was, his hands were steady as he worked.
"The one and only," confirmed Tony.  He reached up to cup Steve's cheek. "A Shamrock Shake will make everything better.  They didn't have them in your time, but I promise, they're... what would you call 'em... the mutt's nuts."
For dinner they had a turkey and stuffing and the whole she-bang. Aria and Mackenzie had cooked it and appeared to be getting rather chummy. Maybe it was the Christmas spirit; maybe it was something else.
Granite's eyes opened and her eyes, crystal-blue like Steve's and Donner's, roved around without focusing.
"Shave," commanded Tony, pointing to his jaw.  "Seriously, I'm starting to look like Wolverine here... can you just tidy this up?  I don't want to look like a schlub in front of the king of a country."
"...hey, Tony?  If there was another conference or a big project or whatever... you'd support me, right?" asked Steve tentatively.  Tony saying he never wanted to attend another one again worried him.
But there was always a strange satisfaction in killing Alphas who'd tried to take it what wasn't their right to.
"But it's not good enough!" Steve snapped and batted Tiberius' hand away suddenly. "Don't you get it?! It's not good enough! I'm supposed to be a role model, I'm supposed to help omegas to take control over their own lives, but I don't even have a fucking say in mine. I'm a goddamn joke.  I'm a
"Do you seriously mean it?" Steve asked, already imagining Malick's face when they waltzed up right next to him. Did Malick have an omega? Steve wasn't sure if he was even bonded. "Because I'm definitely game if you are."
"After. Sort of. It was...confusing," Steve went a little pink. He didn't think Sam would want details from his heat on the plane. "But he didn't know who I was...you know, it wouldn't have been fair."
"Gnn... gn... gn..." grunted Tony into the back of Steve's neck.  They were both on the floor, and Tony was scrambling for purchase, wanting to fit more in, even though his balls were already hitting Steve's skin and there was no more to put in him; Steve was melting into the couch, pleading, blue eyes wide and glassy with pleasure.
CAPTAIN AMERICA LONGS FOR CHILDREN, read one headline.  There was a picture of Steve at the beach with a sweet little girl and another omega, presumably her father-mother.  Tony rolled his eyes.  He doubted a child would survive two days in the Stark mansion, considering he'd nearly killed himself coming down the stairs earlier.
Upstairs, Steve cooked them bacon and pancakes for breakfast, or rather late lunch. He knew Tony needed food and he certainly did. Steve made them both coffee, put it all on a tray and then headed down the steps to Tony's workshop.
I changed our username!  I'm more of a Thamyris than an Apollo.  Plus, this allows my signature "-T" to stand for both Tony and Thamyris.  So... yay.  - T
He made their usual breakfast because he didn't really think Christmas food for breakfast was a thing anyways. Steve carried it upstairs, knowing that the smell of bacon always helped get Tony up.
Tony was on his back on a wheeled board, tightening another bolt on the underside of a pipeline.  He kicked himself across the room to grab a differently-sized wrench.
Finally Tony had to ask.  "You know we're decommissioned, right?  SHIELD wants nothing to do with us anymore.  We're too unstable," interjected Tony.
But Tony had navigated the conversation with perfectly surreal humor and then Steve was trying not laugh because Tony's attitude to him was priceless.  He'd always loved the Stark system of malicious compliance, the sarcasm, the wit, the charm.
Tony stuffed Alexis's handkerchief against his nose.  "I totally won," he informed this, his voice slightly muffled.
"Sometimes I can't help feeling like I'm living on borrowed time, though," Steve confessed and glanced down. "That I cheated some way in getting here and it's gonna catch back up to me one day, you know?" He thought back to his test today, to the Winter Soldier shooting him right between the eyes...
"Oh.  Sure," said Steve.  He let them drag him to another floor of the building and plonk him into a makeup chair before he could protest, a woman had removed his scarf.
"This is bad.  You both realize this is bad?  Having some sort of connection with HYDRA's most dangerous assassin?  Steve, he showed up in your simulation and now it's gotten worse."
There was no "start" time.  People simply began filtering into Tony's home and, by the time the sun had set, it was a full house.
"Is Steve gonna be okay?" demanded Tony, tugging the decanter out of her hand.  She let him have it.
He slammed a few shots the moment he was in the shop.  He needed them to steady his hands, calm his nerves. He had 7UMM-E make him a cup of espresso to counter-act that effect, all the while aware that Steve would probably give him one of those disapproving looks if he knew Tony was drinking before a mission.  Granted, maybe Tony was the tiniest bit dependent, but hey, he never claimed to be perfect.
By the time Steve came home from his run, Tony was up, drinking blearily.  He reached for Steve the moment he saw him, embracing him, nuzzling into his neck, giving the bruise there a gentle lick.
"The other soldiers, I swear, I don't know anything, I don't even work with the specimens, just samples, they all came from Siberia or Lehigh--"
He got up and loped downstairs, still in his sweats and his Jack Daniels shirt.  He stopped short when he spied Pepper sitting at the island counter in the kitchen, eating vegetable chips and reading through his mail.
grateful that HYDRA made me have a miscarriage Tony," Steve said quietly, gaze fixed on the ceiling above and legs pressed together. They took the choice away but they also had no right to. Steve was angry that they took that from him, and that
"Well, thank you for coming," said Steve humbly, pulling back, feeling admittedly more sheepish and star-struck than he'd expected to.
When Bucky did Steve got out and walked around, getting him to budge along so he could get into the driver's seat. Bucky had looked worried for a moment, like he'd thought Steve was leaving. He definitely wasn't.
Tony's goatee twitched and his smile widened.  "I have that effect on a lot of people... being a charming asshole," he said, bringing Steve's hand up his hand to nuzzle it.
." Steve threw his head back, his eyes rolling back as Tony's knot stretched inside of him. He clenched around his dick greedily, his arms curled around Tony's shoulders as he fucked into him in good, thorough thrusts. "I need it. Please. Please, come on. You gotta- -you gotta..." He was breathless, panting and trembling underneath him. Steve's legs came up to curl around Tony, the heels pressing into the small of his back only during him in deeper.
He caught Steve's eye in the mirror on the wall where he was combing his hair, and smiled.  His pencil mustache was neatly trimmed and Steve could smell a faint trace of his cologne. "What'd, you hit your head or something?  We're going out to Baby's, Steve, remember? I've been planning this for weeks. Don't tell me you don't remember."
He pushed Steve into the counter and their mouths collided; Tony licked into it, tilting Steve's head down and to the side so he could reach him.  His lips were soft and pliable; their mouths worked together furiously, and Tony wasted no time in reaching down to yank Steve's shorts down.
He'd gotten so used to sleeping with Steve that, when he'd retired to the lodge, he'd found the experience of sleeping alone to be dreadful.  Consequently he mostly passed out on the couch after a night of drinking and playing video games, waking to find Pepper had draped a blanket over him.
"Dad's pretty bad at video games," said Cooper off-handedly, tearing across to another part of the room.  "And this is a real antler I found in the woods from a deer. Dad helped me clean it. I have to keep it on the shelf so Lucky doesn't chew it up.  ...or Lila."
"I'd appreciate that," Steve said quietly, not knowing what else to say. He could see Sam had questions but was holding back because of Tony. "It was hard getting him to say anything, let alone the location of the base. Don't judge me too harshly."
"No, they're my friends," Tony had replied.  And in that moment he'd felt proud... proud to have friends, to be popular.  It was one of the few things Tony struggled with, making friends.  He hadn't solved that particular equation yet.  People liked him because he was smart and powerful and funny, and Tony soaked up the attention like a sponge.  But his relationships never evolved past that point.  There was never any intimacy.
Tony kissed Steve's forehead.  He was inclined to think Steve was over-reacting, but what could you expect from a guy who was frozen in 1945?  Steve hadn't understood lots of things; the world was undoubtedly a terrifying place for him.  Everything, right down to what money looked like and how people cut their hair, had changed.  It wasn't just things like the internet that baffled Steve.  He hadn't ever used a microwave or swiped a credit card.  Tony figured that, however powerful the Tesseract was, the fundamental problem wasn't the item itself but Steve's lack of understanding about it.  Now, in 2010, Tony was sure that he and SHELD could probably study it safety.  After all, if they had recovered it along with Steve, then it had been in their possessions for months and months, and so far, nothing had blown up, and no one had been turned into a zombie, and there were, to Tony's knowledge, no weird portals to other dimensions.  Everything seemed fine.
There was a pause.  Tony's expression changed from one of bored bleariness into one of clarity, and he stared, blinking, at Stone.
"And you." The smile Steve offered her was kinder. Her presence was warm; she made him feel strangely better in this room of strangers. He guessed that was almost her job as First Lady.
Tony looked over.  The restaurant wasn't the usual five-star affair Tony went to when he wanted to be seen.  It was family-owned, hung with garish Christmas lights that seemed oddly out of place in June but were warm and friendly in the night.  Natasha was waving to them.
Banksy was the kind of omega Steve could have been pre-serum if he'd grown up in this century. He was small and cute, but full of energy. He got his Alpha to wear a hat (which frankly looked adorable in Steve's opinion.) He held presence in a room. Steve almost felt mournful as he let Banksy pull him away with a half awkward chuckle. But he also felt happy. Happy that an omega could be like this... his own person, without having to be six foot and have biceps the size of someone's head. Steve wasn't necessary anymore. And that thought was oddly freeing.Steve and Tony were being dragged apart by Boswell and Banksy; they shared identical dopey, excited grins.  The energy in the air was palpable, and contagious.
Natasha was on loud speaker as she drove over. "What made him walk out, exactly?  Was it something Bucky said?"
Steve saw a bag open, a collection of knives inside. It was always good to have a back up if the shield got out of his reach.
Fundamentally this was Steve's fault, for bonding and expecting Tony was going to make a lifelong, monogamous commitment because of that.  Tony didn't do lifelong, monogamous commitments; fuck, his longest relationship had been on-and-off for less than a year.  But no matter how mad Tony was at Steve consciously, his body ached for his omega; they were still in that goddamn honeymoon phase and it was agony to be away from him. Tony wanted to find him and grovel for forgiveness.  Unfortunately, he had no idea where Steve was.  He couldn't call up Natasha (she'd kill him) or Clint (he'd kill him) or Fury (were he and Steve even talking?) and knew of no one else that Steve might possibly know.  (...Sam?  Tony's blood ran cold... what if Steve had run off to Sam?)
"...well, hospitals are places for healing," cut in Gleason.  "Captain, I'd like to suggest you stay here for at least a couple of days.  We need to keep an eye on that wound on your neck. Dual bonds tend to get more irritated and heal slower; whatever else the military doctors might have said to you, I think you should be on bedrest for the next week.  I doubt they see many dual bonds." He rose. "I'll be in tomorrow to go over some lab results with you. ...is there anything you'd like me to bring? This room doesn't seem especially... homey."
The moment he said it, he realized what a ridiculous statement it was and he started laughing.  He couldn't help it.  He'd already bitten Steve; he'd left a huge mark on him.  He struggled to stop but the more he thought about what he'd said, the funnier it seemed, the alcohol in his system amping up the hilarity even more.  In seconds, he was laughing so hard he was crying, clinging to his ribs and giggling maniacally.
"Just don't bet anything that isn't money in poker," Steve said. "I know you're good. But apparently they start betting their omegas when shit gets heavy-- you don't want to
The moment Steve said Bucky had bit him, Tony's whole body tightened.  The very air in the room changed.  He froze.  Steve was still talking, mouth moving, but Tony couldn't make sense of any of the words.
Steve slowly turned over his shoulder to look. The men were dressed in dark colors; the one on the right had a poorly concealed weapon on him. Well, shit. Steve immediately moved to a cupboard, opening it and prising a knife away from where he'd fixed it to the wood in case of an emergency.
for him." Because this was on Steve. If he'd never been at that conference then Donner wouldn't have been tossed away.
He peeked in on Tony (still passed out), then went downstairs to rustle up something for dinner. He paused when he saw the tickets on the countertop and reached over, grabbing his phone and finding the link on the website so he could RVSP.
"He's gonna be okay, right?  Four ribs?  Did you say broken?  Is he going to be okay?  He's definitely okay, though, right?  Please, make him be okay. Fix him, please, he's my mate--"
She let their arms brush together as they walked through the field. Steve was about two steps through the door before Clint was tackling him into a hug. "Hey, hey-- it's okay," he said and then realized that Clint couldn't 'hear' him unless he could see him.
As the sun was dragged down into the sky, Steve felt hungry.  He always felt hungry, even on lazy days like this one. He polished off leftovers from lunch before curling back up with Tony again. He didn't draw anymore, just lazily watched the drama on screen with semi-interest.
Last time Tony had done this Steve had practically cried because it had been too much. He had a funny feeling that round two wouldn't be all that different. He hissed softly, feeling himself getting wet from more than just Tony's tongue, his body responding eagerly.
"What do you mean, they're not firing him?! How can they not fire him?!" Steve demanded, sitting up in bed angrily.
"Please, Steve, please, I miss you, I love you, you're my omega, let me make you feel good?" begged Tony.  He bounced back onto his feet. "...we're in a drought, it's important to conserve water, come in with me, it's environmentally logical!  Or we can go to the bed! Yeah! I'm done!"
in jeans. Before, when he was small, Steve hadn't ever felt 'good' in anything. It felt nice to, well, feel nice. He headed down to the workshop, having already laid out Tony's selection of outfits on the bed for him depending on how smart/casual he wanted to go.
Over the sound of the music, a male voice suddenly announced, "Oh, and here he is, the man of the hour... Captain Steven Rogers, everyone!"  Everyone broke into cheers immediately. "And, so far, we've raised over
Tony flopped onto his back, then rolled to his side to face Steve, propping up his head with his elbow.  "...do you think it's 'cause you're an omega? I mean... no offense, it's just... you guys are... inclined toward...
That was his only link to the world, the only person who knew what was going on.  Without his handler, without him, he was lost.  Whose orders would he follow if they killed Karpov?  How could he live knowing he was responsible for the man's death?  Damn it all, damn his hesitation, damn him for being imperfect.  He had surely earned whatever punishment he faced but he did not care.
Cooper grinned around a mouthful of toast. "I want to be an omega and I want to save people like Captain America does.  And drive a tank!"
He flopped back onto the bed, pondering what the hell Clint wanted and why Steve was getting treated so nicely.  Then it hit him all over again: Steve had been force-bonded and Clint was reaching out to him, one omega to another.
He wanted to believe what Steve had said, about how he was good person, if not a good Alpha.  But he was well-aware that might have been some sort of manipulation tactic.
"Down boy," he joked gently and ran a hand over his face. Steve let out an awkward chuckle. Fuck. "Right. That's it. I'm breaking. I need to pee."
would be doing this to me. I don't think anyone is. It feels like Bucky is highjacking our bond. Over a week ago I had a dream where he was int he garden but I woke up downstairs, by the very window and the flowers I'd moved were in different place! I don't even know if it was real or not."
Steve turned.  Steve's breath hitched.  On one of the screens, he was seeing himself.  He was frost-bitten and bloody, his eyes red and wide with fear. He'd never seen himself so afraid, or so exposed before. He was outstretching his hand, looking lost. The love of his life on a knife's edge before him.
Tony felt a little smile tug at the corners of his mouth.  The way Steve had refused him reminded him of Pepper.
Kicking out Steve after they'd shared that had been so stupid and Tony regretted it.  He'd been hurt, and having the others there to remind him that Steve was an Avenger... he'd felt duped.  He'd felt like they were all laughing at him for falling for Steve.  But if Steve was actually offering to do it again... without the Avengers here, without any ulterior motive...
Steve was wrenched awake with Natasha hand on his arm. And then, with seconds, he was leaning over the side of the bed and throwing up. Natasha patted his back until it was over and all his lunch from the Italian restaurant was on the floor.
want?  Seriously, you hated all those collars, I could tell.  Just tell me what you wanna do and we'll do it. But I don't want you to force yourself to do something you can't stand just to make a point.  Sometimes you've got to drop the whole Cap act and take care of regular old Steve."
A silence settled over them.  Tony gave Steve's knee a squeeze and then rose to get himself coffee, not knowing what else to say.  He'd thought he had enough to be guilty about, what with the whole weapons thing. Now omega rights, too?  Fuck.
By December Steve was declared immune which meant he was ready for the fight again. Fury, of course, soon caught wind of what he was doing.
Tony leaned forward and kissed the back of Steve's neck, still rubbing his shoulders.  "No, I mean... sorry... I mean I didn't want any other Alphas to... to have you.  But I'm... I'm being a dick, obviously, you can have whoever you want."  Tony shivered as Steve pushed his hair back.  "Although... for the record... I'm told there's at least one eligible billionaire here now, you might want to check that guy out, I hear he's pretty awesome."
"Okay.  I have your trip to England booked, it's May 27th to June 6th, so you'll be leaving in sixteen days, on Thursday, and coming back the Monday following... Tony?  President Ellis is inexplicably giving you a medal for bravery at the Expo--"
"I had an ex once. He didn't treat me right. Never hit me or anything like that but he wasn't the greatest," Laura said softly. "You can love someone and have them hurt you, or not be good for you. But there has to be a point when you put yourself first, Steve. A relationship is about balancing multiple people and it's not worth lifting another person up if it drags you down at the same time."
. It was something else. Something was bothering her but she was doing her best to hide it from him. Maybe it really was none of his business.
He ran a worrying amount of kilometres in just over an hour considering he barely worked up a sweat. Steve's work out was cut short when JARVIS alerted him that there was someone at the door. He didn't think there was anyone around to answer it so headed down and found a man with all of their stuff from the hotel.
like I'm in my forties.  I feel like I'm still in my early thirties.  Maybe thirty-four or thirty-five,
Steve wiped his hands on his shirt carefully and then reached out to take Tony's hand. It felt better already- being in contact. The simulation had felt distant. Steve hadn't even known him properly, it had been disorientating. He stood with a wobble and then straightened up. He didn't know why he felt quite shaken. He'd been pretty bad-ass back there.  Ripping a guy's heart out with his bare hands...
Beth lit up a cigarette behind them with a roll of her eyes.  "The more things change..." she began.
Peter was already moving it by himself.  "Naw, I carried these all up earlier, I got it," he said, beaming at Tony, clearly delighted to be addressed by him.
Steve shifted his legs, seeing if he could push Bucky off him. Didn't seem likely. He swallowed and licked his lips. He was very aware that he wasn't out of the woods yet.
"I'm going to go order us a round of coffee," Phil said with a tight but polite smile and walked past all of them into the donut shop, giving Steve a small nod in solidarity as he did so.
On the seat beside Steve, Tony was running his hands all over the blond, practically purring.  Pepper was keeping a half-eye on them to make sure things stayed PG-13. She could tolerate a lot, but she drew the line at sitting next to Tony while he made love to his partner.
he thought silently.  Did the core need to be changed again?  Already?  It had been less than 72 hours.  The palladium couldn’t already be used up, could it?  Shit.
Banksy snorted and burst into a quiet, tipsy fit of giggles. Perhaps it was a funny thought, but Steve
And if he was playing it up a little for the cameras he knew were watching, well.  He was hoping they'd underestimate him.  Because the second he had the opportunity he was going to break out and make them pay.
"We need to get out of the city and away from cameras," Steve breathed, taking a turn a little sharper than necessary. "But if they catch up with us, you don't fight anyone, alright Buck? You just put your hands up. You don't try and kill Tony. They all think that you're dangerous--"  Another sharp turn.  "Prove them wrong."
She chuckled.  "Well, I didn't want to make any assumptions.  You two want to come over for dinner sometime, after your honeymoon?  I figure you could use a quiet, homemade meal after the media circus dies down."
"I think I'm working things out," he told her quietly. "I'll call tomorrow, yeah?" Steve said, voice a tad softer and then he hung up.
"Ugh..."  Tony preferred to go in, guns blazing. His suit was a lot of things.  "Quiet" wasn't one of them. He scanned the forest line anxiously, but couldn't see much; he popped on the face plate and switched over to infrared.  Two heat signatures were stalking toward the back door. Steve's was crazy bright, a result of his overactive metabolism. Tony watched them move, slowly, stealthily, heart pounding.  He couldn't see anything at all inside the building; the concrete walls of the bunker were too thick. It was half-warehouse, half-bomb shelter, and it was no conducive to easy spying.
"I'm not saying you didn't stand up for him," Aria sighed. "But it doesn't matter what you say Steve. They twist it. To make one or both of you look bad. You should just avoid Alpha magazines like that."
Tony went at his food in his usual manner: scientifically.  Tony's eating habits had long been a source of grief for Pepper.  A decade ago, she had thought Tony's diet was only to annoy her. It was not uncommon for him to call her up at 1 in the morning and demand a tamale, or to suddenly decide to eat nothing but ramen for a week for no reason whatsoever.  Aside from having very specific demands and a very bizarre schedule (or lack of a schedule), Tony had a habit of pulling apart his food. Every omelette, layer cake, and sandwich was subject to inspection, as if he were in a prison cell and desperately hoping someone might slip him a shiv.  On top of that, Tony occasionally went through various healthfood crazes. Every one of his bad eating habits had gotten worse after Afghanistan. The fact that he was neither thin nor fat was nothing short of a miracle.
He licked at Steve's collarbone, then dipped a little lower to run his tongue over one of Steve's nipples, his fingers tracing the outline of Steve's stomach.
But then he was zeroing in on Tony again, stepping closer... whips smacking into the tarmac... and Steve could do nothing without blowing his cover, except--
Steve set a shot on the bedside; Tony grabbed it and tossed it back, noting with some disappointment that Steve had only poured him a single shot.
"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Steve," said Tony, too loudly.  "I wanted to go to you but I had to take him out I thought- I thought that's what you would want. I'm sorry, oh, fuck, your hand-"  Steve's hand was bleeding; it was bleeding all over Tony's cheek.  Tony couldn't handle this, seeing his omega's bright crimson blood, smelling its warm, coppery scent; he was moments away from a full-blown panic attack.  They were supposed to be honeymooning and instead he'd nearly gotten his omega killed.  He was a terrible Alpha, a terrible mate, a terrible human being.  He'd dragged Steve here, it was his fault, and Vanko--
Tony and Sam found the stairwell.  It was empty. Poured concrete with a thin metal railing, it had the cavernous, echoing feeling of an industrial shaft.  It was not especially friendly.
Soon he drifted off, feeling safe in Tony's arms. Though, despite all the blankets over them, he still felt cold.
"...Pietro and the girl made me leave," said Bucky flatly. He couldn't say that it hurt, exactly, but he wished they hadn't done that and he didn't understand why they had.
"--we bonded that year.  I did not want to be bonded to a man who was fifty years old, but I was told I did not have a choice.  We had a small ceremony and when he-- he bit me, I cried. I felt like my life was ending. His son was actually a couple of years older than me, nineteen at the time, I think, and joining the household was very lonely and isolating.  Only Boz ever talked to me; Ryan ignored me and I knew no one. Because I am an omega, I was only spoken to by Boswell's friends to be given drink orders."
having a heat together.  They banged two or three times a week and since bonding, they'd barely touched the box of condoms they'd purchased back in June.
Steve was tempted to move to stand up but he didn't.  He needed to keep his ankle rested for when he was finally ready to make his move.
.  And that smell means a hell of a lot more than just your appearance.  It's the sexiest thing I ever smelled.  I mean,
His plan had accomplished what it meant to; it had showed Donner just how terrible Gideon was.  But at the price of Steve's dignity.
"--and, without further ado, here's lot Number One!"  The room applauded and a young boy stepped forward with a nervous smile.  He scanned the crowd and his gaze fell on Steve. "Lot Number One," said Gail, "comes from Washington State, and graduated this year head of his class at--"
"My Alpha," he repeated in a murmur, the phrase strangely novel as it left his lips. Bucky had never been his Alpha- never out loud. Only in technicality.
"Relaxing.  Relaxing," said Tony, biting back panic.  Steve's voice was like balm.  The feeling of his thumbs on Tony's cheeks was wonderful.
Steve blushed when Tony called him 'cute' and was suddenly reminded of his inexperience of- well, just about everything aside from war. "Nets, flicks, and what-?"
"God damn it, are you serious?" asked Tony angrily.  "We're just historically fucking awful, aren't we?"
Steve shook his hand when it was offered. The man looked...excited to see them, maybe? "I'm afraid I don't know the name. I heard so many in my first weeks at SHIELD I think I forgot most of them."
Before he could stop himself, he blurted, "I looked up Barnes's family.  He had a sister.  She had... she had two kids.  They're alive.  And one of them has kids, too."
"YES!" yelled Pepper back, before turning back to her phone. "No!  No, no, no, that yes wasn't for you... I meant no."
"Get us reservations at the Bonaventure Lounge," said Tony.  "We'll have coffee, it's a nice view... classy but casual... Steve, it's great, you'll love it, it's this revolving cocktail lounge downtown."
He'd felt a small twinge of annoyance at the mention of Sam.  Another Alpha.  One who could fly.  Flying was Tony's gimmick.  Tony hadn't met Sam but he had an inkling that Sam was probably one of those incredibly dominant Alphas, like Natasha.  Military men often were.  Tony had never felt intimidated before by more dominant Alphas, but suddenly he felt hyper-aware of the ingrained social hierarchy and, worse, aware that he wasn't especially dominant himself.  He couldn't help but envy Sam for having more in common with Steve (after all, they were both military men) and for knowing Steve before him.
"...did you and him- did you guys... feel this way? asked Tony before he could stop himself.  So much for not asking about Bucky.
She swore; the soldier grabbed the blond, trying to get him to go down long enough for him to kill the man with one eye, but the other blonde that was trying to shoot him.  Oh, God, he'd made a mess of things.  Glass and bullet holes were everyone, and two of the other agents were dead and one was lying motionless and drooling.  He would get punished for this.  His only hope was to at least complete his objective, even if he made a sloppy job of it.  The blond pinned to the counter was so strong; he was damn near impossible to subdue and admittedly, the Winter Soldier was becoming frustrated.  Kidnapping wasn't supposed to be
Malick frowned a little.  "If only you'd been so accommodating a few months ago.  ...in addition, we've revoked your passport and, after some discussion, have agreed that your apology on Friday will go as scripted.  You're welcome to have whatever little fundraiser you want, but we're not going to let this turn into a complete fiasco. No grand-standing, no special guest appearances, no mention of Status Alliance or the Horseshoe Society.  We want a calm, non-partisan apology and we don't want you dragging horseshoe rights into this. This isn't about that."
Tony's sense of relief was remarkably short-lived.  He ran out of the hotel, across the loading area, past the fountain in front... and right into another protest.
He raised a hand and traced the rime of the arc reactor with his fingertips before his long fingers dipped lower into the definition of Tony's abdomen muscles. Steve smiled when he felt his Alpha respond to the touch. "You know..." His blue eyes flickered down and then back up to his Alpha's face again. "I can hold my breath for over two minutes," Steve told him, tone wickedly innocent as his fingertips continued to draw small, teasing circles on Tony's lower stomach. "
“Oh, thank God, Rhodey!  You have to protect me from temptation.  All these hot girls are trying to take a ride on the Tone Bone and I promised Steve I’d be monogamous like, literally five minutes ago.”
"'Course it doesn't really seem like Barnes is capable of any sort of... real relationship," added Clint after a moment.  "It's one thing to have two Alphas, but like you said, I doubt Barnes is capable of any sort of consent. Who knows what's going on in there?  Who knows what he's even thinking?"
Everyone exchanged a helpless look.  "I'm Satin," she offered weakly. "There-- there's no Trickshot."
Steve was still on the phone, and Emily had been taught it was rude to interrupt people on the phone, so she went back to the tent to sit in the dirt beside Tony.
Tony's sense of "winning" was quickly fading into guilt.  Was he really this petty? The short answer was yes, of course he was.  Steve's neck was sharing his mark with Bucky's and it infuriated him. But Bucky was out of the picture now.
"First of all, your money isn't liquid, Tony.  When you give money to the bank, it's not the same as storing it under a mattress.  Your money is tied up in the company and investments and bonds and savings... and frankly your suits.  Your entire workshop is a like a tire fire that you're tossing bills into.  Those Iron Man suits are a black hole for your liquid finances.  Which I remind you about every single quarter that we go over your expenses.  So, no, I can't just send you ten million dollars right this instant."
"For Banksy's birthday party, remember?" Steve filled in patiently. He honestly wasn't sure what kind of party to expect. He didn't imagine it would be like Tony's last birthday but he also couldn't see them all just sitting down for wine and cheese. Whatever happened, Steve was sure it would be interesting.  "
Tony leaned forward to set the box on the table, then rose.  "Well... I'm going to bed now. G'night, Steve."
The office was a more serious atmosphere this time. When they got in everyone had their heads down and working. Steve swallowed nervously as Ian and Kerry looked up. He walked over to Kerry's desk. She could see on his face that something was wrong. "Two visits in two days? Is something up?"
a dark corner of his mind wondered.  He pushed that thought away. He didn't care how it had happened.  It had happened, it was over, and it never would have happened in the first place if Tony had been by his side, as he should have been, if he were being a good Alpha instead of a selfish jerk.
"You're not bonded.  You don't get it. Secondary Alphas are like fucking eunuchs, Rhodey.  And he's not an
He licked Steve's neck, mostly out of instinct.  It tasted like blood but there was none of the bitterness that it had once had.  Steve still had on the collar, and every time Tony looked at it, thought about how
His phone rang.  Tony reached blindly into his back pocket and turned it off.  Tony had a lot of well-wishers but really, there were only a precious few he gave a shit about, and right now, his attention was thoroughly fixed on Steve.  He hated when Steve was coy. Well... loved it and hated it.
"Omegas were not typically paid.  If my namesake was bonded to your father, it is likely he maintained the house as an unpaid domestic servant, receiving in turn free food and board, as would be typical for an Alpha-omega paid of their generation."
It took Tony's mind a moment to process Steve's words because his mouth was watering.  He suddenly desperately wanted sex. The faint slipperiness on the fingers from Steve's glands expressing themselves was disgusting but also insanely sexy.
fucked, Steve got so tight post-orgasm that they ended up pretty committed to being knotted for at least a half-hour.
.  That was the guy who had ruined his mark.  That was the guy who had fucked up Steve's neck, made it look wrong.  Bucky was bristling a little just from thinking about him; he knew where Wanda and Pietro were coming from and he whole-heartedly supported their campaign to end the Starks.
But Tony was all about recklessness.  The heady feeling of abandon he got right before sex, right before doing anything dangerous and stupid, was one he pursued with gusto.  He supposed he might technically qualify as an adrenaline junkie; he'd once jokingly told "Wired" magazine that the Stark Standard for missiles was that, during the initial launch, he expected to get either goosebumps or an erection.  He was only half-kidding.  His  brain had long since tied together sex and weapon launches and flying, and sometimes, when Tony was frustrated and no girls were handy, he went for a flight over the Pacific instead.  Last time he'd taken the liberty of shooting at seagulls, which had netted him a nice, aggressive bit of media attention from PETA even though, he pointed out, he hadn't actually shot down a single bird, just scared them a little.
Across the room, a couple of omegas had begun clapping, grinning shyly as they watched.  Some of the older omegas, who thought they were Alphas, looked thoroughly offended.
The blond was staring down at him haughtily.  An omega with power, pride, dignity... what a weird thing.
Tony stared at the words, unsure of what he was supposed to feel.  The texts were without emotion. Was Steve mad at him? Steve was coming back... that was good, right?  But he was with Bucky. He was taking him somewhere "safe."
"...JARVIS... don't bug us with anymore calls when we're post-coital, okay?" mumbled Tony.  There.  That ought to take care of things.
Tony leaned back and floated away again, staring up at the sun, squinting a little against the brightness.
"Tony. Tony... we've go to..." Steve trailed off. He had no words. His body was thrumming with need, calling out to Tony. His uniform was too heavy and hot but his hands weren't free to do anything about it. And Tony was stuck in his suit. This was far from ideal. The suit itself was heavy on top of Steve, the edges of it digging into him in places. This was not good.
"Thank you Tony," Steve whispered, calming instantly as he curled into the other's touch. He just needed a moment, a moment here with his Alpha. Steve ran his hands down Tony's chest, feeling the rim of his arc reactor through the shirt and the thrum of a heart beat. He was warm and solid and he was
He looked the pair over.  The woman was wearing a very long, thin shirt over a bikini bottom.  The man was wearing thin, flowy pants and a shell necklace.  These people did not seem like a threat, except for maybe the dog.  If they could command the dog to attack him then he could be hurt.  He knew he could take the dog, but he felt weak and shaky and he hurt all over, especially his head, and he didn't want to get bitten.
Which was the point, really, in Tony's mind, of horror films.  He liked to watch them with women and had the women snuggle up to him, squealing, and wrap his arms around them.  He hadn't expected Steve to be susceptible to the same trick.
Steve's eyes flickered down to Bucky's face. He pulled his fingers away and then moved to crouch down himself, their faces level. Bucky's eyes looked brighter than they did through the glass. Steve almost smiled.
, Danielle!" said Banksy, giving her hand a light smack.  He turned to Steve. "But, yes, we will order a pizza, it'll be great.  And we think your charity is just amazing, so make sure you talk about that on air, it's unscripted and live so I'll try to ask a few leading questions so you can promote it.  The SA would love to help in any way we can."
The moment Steve's clothes were off, he laid down on top of Steve, squirming their bodies together, kissing Steve's face.
Happily, a lot of the remodeling was loud, so Tony had a built-in excuse not to talk to Steve.  The more time they spent not talking, the more temporal distance they put between themselves and that kiss, the better.
"Must have been very uncomfortable," Boswell commented from the sofa. He was the most dressed down Steve had ever seen him, in dress pants and a v-neck sweater.
"The one who went totally berserk, turned into the Jolly Green Giant, and destroyed half of Culver College?"
"Steve?  ...you know I've never ask you to kneel for me if you didn't want to, or to wear a collar, right?" asked Tony softly, not even sure if Steve was awake or not.  Steve had knelt for Tony plenty of times, in private. But never in public. The one time Tony had asked him to, at the Expo, he hadn't, and looking back on it, Tony was glad he hadn't.  "...I don't wanna be like Malick." A pause, Tony still staring at the steady wash of blue light on the ceiling. "...the thing is, when I was a kid, and this was like, the seventies... actually, a lot of omegas still wore collars.  Like, we'd go over to my dad's friends' houses and they would have house omegas that were collared, and, um, at the club, you know, all the omegas there were collared, too. I never actually thought about it. But the thing is you had these... these beautiful blonds, women in sarongs and guys in shorts, wearing these jeweled collars, and... I never thought of it as degrading, back then.  Honestly I thought it was really attractive. When you're a thirteen-year-old and you've got a couple of the Racebrook hotties fawning over you, you're not exactly thinking about civil rights, you know?" Another pause. "I feel shitty about it. I associated collars with omegas and omegas were... they were these attractive, pleasant servants... and yeah. I liked them. I'm sorry, Steve.  I feel so shitty admitting that. I swear, I'm trying so hard to get better for you. This whole situation sucks ass."
He sighed fondly when he saw Tony pounce onto the bed and grabbed a towel. He walked over and tried to dry Tony off in the least sexual manner possible. Steve could tell the other was still enjoying it far too much though. "You... you lie down. I'll shower very quickly and don't you dare try and get in with me," Steve warned him, but his tone was light.
He glanced over to the kitchen and sighed. "I just wish I could show Donner what an asshole Gideon was. Not even in an 'Alpha' way. He's a horrible person, in general. Donner needs to see that he deserves someone who actually wants
Steve's words about not loving him enough were ridiculous.  Tony wasn't the one who had left, not this time. Steve had been the one to demand to be left alone, who hadn't called, who had been out doing who-knows-what with his other Alpha.
Steve downed his drink when Tony walked into the room. He was enjoying their little omega gathering, it was nice... even if everyone vying for his attention was a more than a little overwhelming. He would have to let Aria know that he wasn't prepared to do this again anytime soon. The third drink was apparently hitting its mark and Steve was beginning to feel a little warm and fuzzy. He pulled at his tie, loosening it at a fraction and popped open a button on his shirt. That was better.
"Oh." Carefully, Steve bent down and laid Trickshot out over it. He saw the other wince a little and felt bad.
Steve let out a shaky breath, his cheeks wet and face a little pale. "Why does it hurt so much?" he croaked.
He would do practically anything for Tony in that moment, including wear the collar. Right now Steve only cared about one thing.
"--I know it's not mine, I had two Big Macs on the way over here," said Tony, peeking from under his arm.
Instead of going to somewhere nice, they were deposited in the middle of nowhere.  It was a small tent-like city in a field off the edge of a dirt road and it looked like a refugee camp.  Tony was in a suit and felt very over-dressed.
"Yeah, well, you know me, Mr. Accountability," said Tony.  "I'm lucky they sent me Steve 'cause otherwise I would've been toast in Monaco."
"Mm.  Yes. ...I'd like to talk to Steve in private about his situation," said Gleason.  "My concern, of course, is for everyone's safety. Two Alphas bonded to the same omega... could get gritty."
Tony snapped at himself.  "Steve?  ...I'm the only Alpha you listen to, right?" asked Tony tentatively.  He felt self-conscious, vulnerable.  But it was a two-way street; they had gone far beyond the point of feeling self-conscious around each other.
"Yes," said Phil immediately.  Tony winced. Phil's nesting compulsive had already made an enormous mess of his kitchen.  Then again, he figured Steve could use an omega buddy. Omegas nested together if they were close, right?  Tony didn't especially want to be around Steve right now. He wanted to hole up somewhere, maybe his office on the second floor, and drink himself stupid and jack off some of his frustration, even though his knot was already rubbed raw.
probably be easier if you did that.  But that's not you. You don't do things the easy way," said Tony.  "It would've been easier not to join the army, not to volunteer for the serum experiments, not to go to war, not to save the world and sacrifice yourself to do so... nothing you've ever done has been easy.  But it's been...
Bucky shook his head.  "...no," he admitted quietly.  He didn't like delicious Greek yogurt.  He looked over at her. "...this is why it's better to take orders instead of making decisions.  Sometimes you make the wrong choice."
Happy didn't say anything as they got into the car but he offered a warm smile, some cheery radio station on in the background. The atmosphere was almost awkward; if Donner was aware of that he didn't show it.  He stared out of the tinted windows of the SUV with a blank expression.  Rhodey was just relieved to be out of the hotel suite.
Steve didn't appreciate the way Pierce was looking at him, either. Even though Tony was the lowest dominance Alpha in the room, having his mate beside him made Steve feel... safer.  It was a silly notion.  This wasn't a back alley in the 1930s and Tony wasn't Bucky, yet Steve found he felt the same feeling of discomfort being around all these Alphas, and having his mate there, "guarding" him, was a comfort.
"...my parents," said Tony, after a beat.  He looked away, preening in the mirror again, with a forced sort of boredom.  "March 15th is the twenty-fifth anniversary. Quarter of a century. I go every year to..."  He stopped. To what? Every year, every March, Tony went out and stood by their graves, staring at the words chiseled into stone.  Usually it was cold. Sometimes there was a slushy snow on the ground. It was depressing. "...to pay my respects," he finished.
Steve grabbed the corner of the sheet and wiped the spent off of his face with a small grimace. He leaned his head against Tony's shoulder as he began to settle down. He hummed contently and then pressed a kiss to the skin there. "Love you too," he murmured, letting his eyes slip shut. Steve didn't want to sleep that much, but he knew Tony was drifting off, so he might as well catch some sleep whilst he could.
Surely Gideon had to get fired for what had happened? That was an ultimate abuse of power. Steve trembled under Tony, clinging to him like a life line. Then he finally listened to what Donner was saying....
Maybe he was still in denial.  Steve's look hadn't left much room for arguing.  Steve seemed convinced the two omega Bartons were related.  But Tony couldn't wrap his head around it. It was too surreal.
Steve had never talked to Tony much about his experience before he'd joined the war, but after he'd had the serum.  The serum worked but its creator had been assassinated immediately after Steve had received it, meaning he was the only one.  No one seemed sure of what to do with him.  Suggestions ranged from sending him to medical labs to try to reverse-engineer the serum to simply sending him home to carry on with civilian life as if nothing had ever happened.  Steve remembered when they'd considered selling him. Ha. That had been a brief conversation, and Steve had been there for it, listening furiously while generals, scientists, and politicians bickered over his fate like he wasn't even in the room.  Auctions were a lot less taboo back in the forties and Steve was a 'pretty one.'  If he was sold off and bred, maybe they could get super soldiers after all, through natural means, they said.  But the idea was thankfully dismissed early; it would take forever and the war would be over by then.  Eventually they decided he could more money on a stage and shoved him up there instead. He'd given his all into every single performance. He exceeded the war bond quotas almost every time. One of the performers had once asked him 'why do you try so hard, Steve-o?'
"Everything okay?" Hal asked, happily talking and looking around at her Alpha's side. Her demeanor hadn't changed at all. "Seemed like a bit of a commotion."
When he said the bit about putting his tongue in his mouth, the soldier shivered with a strange, new, rather delightful sensation.  That sounded wonderful.
"Oh my God, Tony Stark!  ...is Steve here?" asked the omega, looking around.  The two betas began looking around, too, and Tony sighed internally.  His charm was no match for Captain America's. Oh well. Tony could at least console himself with the secret knowledge that less than an hour ago, Steve had been at his mercy.
And Steve had no idea who Pitbull was. And everything was getting a bit loud for his liking. He practically sighed in relief when Brooke tugged them out onto a balcony. He set the drink down; he'd drunk half of it already? Shit. Steve needed to slow down. Or just stop.
He didn't know what Steve was about to say but he could guess and it turned his stomach.  Bucky, that fucking specter in their life. The one that Steve loved and also wanted to kill... Tony remembered, vaguely, promising Steve to kill him during Steve's heat.  Now he didn't know. Bucky sounded like a very broken individual. Worse, Tony was bonded to him by proxy, and worse still, Tony knew he loved Steve and that, deep down, Steve loved him back.  Or at least, loved whatever was left of him, which didn't sound like much.
Even though it was the middle of the night, Tony had just slept for sixteen hours and he felt completely recharged.
"They don't.  That's the point.  It's a conservative group that's all about oppressing omegas and keeping them in their place, which is why I don't know why you have tickets to their conference, because if you showed up it would be political suicide.  ...are you okay?"
"Thanks.  Means a lot coming from a guy who builds entire suits of armor," said Eric with a smile.  "Oh, excuse me..." The man at the desk had left and Eric walked up, with Piper trailing him.
Omega Rising is an adapted roleplay between a 21-yr-old college student from the UK and a 30-yr-old writer from Los Angeles.  This is part 4, which covers the summer of 2011 in the MCU.
to trend because he felt it was a rather clever portmanteau, but no one was biting.  He appreciated Steve's comment about not worrying about Tony overshadowing him, but just to be safe, he was as uninvolved as possible.  Of course, he did send out a couple of tweets.  He was only human.
The soldier staggered to his feet, half-blind, spitting blood.  One eye wasn't focusing correctly anymore.  His leg was throbbing where he'd been stabbed.  He'd wet himself.  But he was standing; with his good eye; he found Karpov's face, and Karpov was pointing him in the right direction.  With determination, he began limping toward the exit.  He wouldn't let him down again.
They stepped down the stairs of the plane to find Happy waiting a little ways off with the usual car. And then there was another car parked just in front. Because of the speed at which they have moved west, it was evening in California, and the sun was hanging low in the sky and teasing at the horizon.  Steve's second sunset of the day.  In Alabama, it was no doubt already night, and the kids from the camp were probably already in their beds.
Steve's breath hitched as Tony paced around him. He felt another shiver run down his spine as Tony encircled his omega. His back was soldier-straight, as always and when Tony called him perfect he felt a little colour rise to his cheeks. He shouldn't have crushed the chip, he screwed up but like this...he was perfect.
She tried Rhodes. Same story.  She felt frustrated; she had no idea what could trigger this sort of reaction.  Tony had reacted with less hysteria to Obadiah's betrayal and death, to his own heart problems, and to his ninety-three day capture in Afghanistan.
Inside there were more of them, milling around like lionesses waiting for a hunt.  Even though they were omegas, they radiated a sort of ruthless, efficient danger... there was no doubt, none at all, that every single one of them was a trained killer.
He admittedly wasn't entirely sure what Tony meant by 'bow' like this but Steve had an idea. He moved to place his hands flat on the bed, his forearms pressed down too. His fingers bunched lightly in the sheets. And then he leaned down, his forehead pressed against the mattress but his ass still in the air.
He couldn't stand to disappoint his omega.  No.  Not now that they had mated, he couldn't just rush off.  But the agony of waiting for a drink...
Following his speech to Steve, Steve was stunned into silence.  He didn’t know what to say.  Tony had him pegged so wrong.  Natasha had warned him of this; he was too uptight, especially for the 21st century, and it gave off the wrong impression sometimes.  And soap boxes?  What the hell was Tony talking about?  Steve was so confused.  Chlorophyll?  Did people drink plants now?!  What?  “...got it,” he replied quietly.  He’d figure it out later.
"...yeah."  Tony didn't want to talk about it.  "Let's go move millions, baby. C'mon.  Business time."
his father.  Even though, biologically, Tony was old enough to be his.  And mentally? Emotionally? Well, both of them were a mess. Tony was sort of hoping they could just take it easy and focus on repairing their fractured relationship and public image, but based on Steve's question about the camps, he wasn't going to be so lucky.  Steve was probably already planning his next stunt.
Steve curled his arms around him tightly and squeezed gently. "I don't care about the party. I care about you. I don't think I actually say that enough Tony," he murmured and kissed the top of his head. "Whatever you're feeling, you can tell me. I'm not here to judge you, I'm just here to love you, okay?" He whispered and rubbed his hand up and down Tony's left one. "Talk to me.  The party can wait."
"Hm, yes. Well, regardless of how long Project Eve takes, we'll at least have Project Heirloom to fall back on. SHIELD will be looking for him. They brought in Sitwell, no doubt the little rat told them everything. Fortunately, he didn't know much. But it means they know he's with us. And because of the bond Stark will eventually get here, one way or another. We need to do something about that."
"No, what?  No!  You're doing great, you're the best.  Isn't she the best, Steve? ...you know I'm honeymooning right now, right?  I don't want to diversify my portfolio or whatever."
than Steve... someone like Piper... where would I go?  I mean, surely you get to check out the goods before they auction them off, right?" asked Tony.
Then he cried out and curled in on himself, another wave running through him as his body fought against the inducer. "Fuck." He gasped, his abdomen burning with a cold sort of pain. Hopefully it would be over by the time they got home and Steve could just bathe and sleep. That was all he wanted. And sex, of course. But Steve didn't want to get pregnant.
Steve stared incredulously as Tony continued to ramble about Bucky, about what the media thought, about a couple named Sony and Cher.  As usual, Tony was burying the heavy stuff under pop culture references.
something. "I think you're a good person," Steve assured him and ducked his head lower to press a kiss to Tony's collarbone. "With a good heart. I drew you a picture to prove it, remember?  I know you sometimes doubt that." Steve whispered and nuzzled against his jaw, his eyes slipping shut. "I wish you wouldn't."
"We need to analyze both the simulation and your oral psych eval with Dr. Brazinski.  But the outlook is good," said Fury, offering Tony a hand.
"That's impossible," said Sam, covering the phone.  "Even bonded, two guys can't switch consciousness. I mean, I know Dr. Charles Xavier's postulated it before, but that stuff is all theoretical, isn't it?"
"...what song are you singing tomorrow?" asked Tony, trying to re-orient himself.  His head was throbbing again, like it did sometimes. He blamed James for being named James and making him think of James, aka,
"I think Steve could use a break from television for a while," hummed Pepper, arranging the papers on the table.  "Surprises aside, the media's been putting both of you through the grinder since Yemen. And you're getting it from both sides.  Alphas and omegas."
"Yeah, hurry.  ...race that guy!" demanded Tony as they pulled up to a light with a silver BMW next to them.
"Tony.  You and Steve are going to have a wonderful Christmas," Pepper reassured him, smoothing down his tie.  "I promise."
"So. Off the record.  Tell me. Honestly. How's he treat you?" He fixed Steve with a look and Steve suddenly realized that this wasn't part of the interview or the Christmas special.  Banksy looked genuinely concerned about Steve, looked like he truly cared about Steve's well-being. And Steve was fully aware that this was probably why the three of them, all omegas, were currently in Banksy's room, alone; because the other omegas didn't trust Steve to be honest when he was around Tony or any other Alphas.
post-serum. Steve had never liked the way they'd peer over their notepads at him; it always made him feel a little degraded.
She handed him a bottle of water; Tony tried to uncap it, forgetting he was still wearing the red gauntlet.  He shook it off and it landed on the ground with a clank.  He rose unsteadily, bracing himself against the wall.
They both began laughing again, grabbing each other, punching each other's arms playfully, swearing at each other affectionately.
Still, Steve arrived to work on time with both Pepper and Tony’s coffees in hand.  He gave Pepper’s hers first before heading up to Tony’s office.  He sighed, steeling himself before he knocked on the office door and stepped inside.
Steve was essentially bossed around for the next ten or fifteen minutes. But he was fine with following Tony's weird requests, lifting and bending what was too heavy and stiff for him. The man's hyperactiveness was infectious and Steve moved around quickly at Tony's word, biting back a fond chuckle when the man was so frustrated with Steve not knowing what a heat sink was. He had learned a lot at his time at Stark industries but none of it really had any bearing on engineering.
Ever-distractable, Tony also periodically would whip out his phone, check something, then inform Steve of whatever he'd just learned.  A lot of it revolved around their first-anniversary getaway. Tony would never admit it, but he was looking forward to skipping his usual out-of-control birthday party for a year.  His fortieth had been rough, and now that he was turning forty-one, he felt... well, old. Especially next to Steve. Sometimes, when they stood side-by-side in the mornings brushing their teeth, he couldn't help but notice the age difference.  Steve's face was smooth and unlined. Tony had some laugh lines, crow's feet, the very beginning of grey hair at his temples... if his father was any indication, he could expect his hair to go silver by his fifties, a prospective that horrified him, because Tony had always been rather vain about his hair.
"You and Captain Rogers are generally approved of, but Stark Industries' stocks have dropped another six points due to the coverage of the expo.  The names of the victims were released today.  Miss Potts has your lawyers on standby."
The fact that the Expo was destroyed, both physically and in reputation, didn't bother Tony in the slightest.  As he soared upward and it faded below him, he could see the drones starting to go off, but it didn't matter to him what Vanko did anymore, because the battle was over and won and everyone had been evacuated, at least as far as Tony knew.  He would have traded a hundred Expos for Steve's well-being; he couldn't shake the guilt, knowing that any injuries Steve had were entirely his fault, that he'd brought them here and Vanko had been after him.  He didn't care if Vanko was alive or dead, didn't care that Hammer had slithered off, and didn't care that tomorrow, the massive attack was probably going to be heavily reported on.  He only cared about Steve.  He was second-guessing himself, wondering if, in the moment Vanko had thrown Steve, he should have gone to Steve after all instead of Vanko, if he'd chosen incorrectly.
Tiberius's eyes were steely, almost murderous.  "She's a beta. She can't tell. Go on. Tell her."  He tightened his grip a little; Pietro gasped in pain.
Tony and Steve both wore black suits.  There was a strange pit in Tony's stomach that wasn't his and he felt like Steve spent a little too much time trying to fix his hair.  It occurred to him, on the ride over, that he was twice Steve's age, that he and Steve were a younger version of Boswell and Banksy, and his blood ran cold.  Did Steve see it, too?
Tony felt weird.  He couldn't imagine Clint behaving like this, even with Natasha.  Every omega at this conference was so weird. Steve was the
"Will do," Steve assured him, smiling a little. He reached around and squeezed Tony's hand. "Sounds like we need to pack our bags."
Before Steve knew what was happening two of his newfound friends from the fashion shoot were jumping on him. One was a girl named Tracy who barrelled into Steve first, pulling him into a tight hug. She had been the 'plus-side' model but really that just meant she was curvy; models, Steve had learned, had a different sense of what constituted size. Tracy had chocolate coloured hair that fell around her face in tight ringlets, her olive coloured skin dashed with a light spray of freckles. Another guy was with her, Alexis, who was essentially the size of Steve before the serum. He was dressed in slacks and suspenders, a pair of over sized glasses on his face. They were both characters. Tracy already seemed quite drunk.
"I'd never actually cycled in the 21st century until about a week ago," Steve filled coolly as they stepped out of the lift. It was strange, when the doctors had told him he wouldn't at all. It was suspicious. Maybe it was because he'd been spending 24/7 around an Alpha. But then Natasha should have triggered it way sooner than that even then. So if Tony thought about it, then he would have realised that Steve's body was reacting directly in response to
He began pacing.  Steve's smell was so rich, so complex.  He was trying to breathe through his mouth but he could practically taste it and his whole body was quivering with desperate anticipation.
Panic was setting in, hard.  He'd spent all day ignoring the panic flowing through him and now Steve showed up, covered in blood--
"There's no way for that to be leaked, though.  It's only between us and SHIELD," said Pepper hastily.
"...cancel the wine," he mumbled begrudgingly, glaring at Steve a little.  He would just have to make up for it after the simulation.
Steve laughed quietly, letting Tony take his hand. Tony was practically vibrating with excitement. He didn't get why locks were so fascinating but Tony was obviously engrossed in it all.
The omegas were all staring at Steve with huge eyes.  Except for Lola, who was watching Steph and Hal. "...I think you just got Hal kicked out," she reported.
He paused after closing the gap halfway; he'd glanced a familiar gleam of red.  "...Stark?" he called.
"Oh my God," said Morgan as they pulled up the long drive and stopped at the circular entrance.  There was still broken glass on the ground, still a shattered window and a crumbled interior wall and some overturned furniture.
"Have fun undermining outdated and oppressive institutions!" called Happy as they got out of the car.
"...there you go... I think we're gonna have to burn the sheets... it's fine, they're only worth twelve thousand... I'm kidding, Steve, we'll have them washed... roll over so I can pull 'em off, I'll get a blanket from the closet.... I'll try not to jizz all over it this time..."
things." The day's events had already made that evident. "But I like to believe we're fighting the 'good fight.' I was before, and that was against HYDRA. I have to trust that sometimes history repeats itself. This feels like the right thing."
for you.  And last week I ate a vegan club sandwich.  That doesn't actually have anything to do with statuses, I just felt like it was a very progressive thing to do."
Tony huffed.  He rose and walked back into the house, flopping onto the couch and closing his eyes as he pulled out his dick.  He wasn't sure when Steve would be ready but he didn't dare pressure him. Steve was lucky he hadn't been raped, too; the likelihood of an Alpha bonding an omega without also mating them was like one-in-a-million.
"You called her Aunt Peggy?" Steve asked, his voice a sleepy murmur but the smile was still evident in his tone. "I didn't realise you were that... close. She mentioned you a few times. But I never realised she was an auntie." Steve didn't sound annoyed at being kept out of the loop, rather, pleasantly surprised. "Mhm. A proper England trip would be nice, too... and I already have your birthday present. And no, you can't have it early," he said even before the other could attempt to ask.
"Fine," Steve sighed. Shame. He preferred bikes but admittedly Bucky knew a lot more about all this than he did. Steve might have been more mentally stable but he didn't have the expertise.
"I think I like Taylor Swift." Steve grinned. "Doesn't mean I should be in a music video, though. Don't think that's quite my jam."
"Want us to wait in the car, boss?" Happy asked as he turned in to park, referring to himself and Pepper.
He found a knife in the soldier's belt and pulled it out, not hesitating before he jabbed it into his hip and twisted. Nothing. The soldier perhaps twitched but that was all. He should be on the floor, but he was still standing, despite-
"Wait, wait, the vice president donated his step-son to an omega auction?" repeated Tony, whose head was reeling.
Tony didn't bother mentioned that he found the sight of pregnant male omegas to be creepy as fuck.  Alphas and betas both did; according to Frond's psychology books, this was a natural reaction, since the male Alpha and male beta were only capable of siring children, not bearing them.  Tony couldn't imagine Steve pregnant, couldn't imagine his broad-shoulder, iron-muscled, sleek male form with a baby bump. It was... uncanny. But he felt like admitting that would make him sound prejudiced against omegas.  Traditionally, pregnant omegas didn't go out much. It wasn't until the mid-twentieth century that a pregnant omega would venture outside the home; in Steve's day, it was unheard of.
"Sure," said Tiberius, rising.  He hesitated, then added, "Steve, I hope this doesn't some presumptuous.  But... as far as hearing things and seeing things... I really want to emphasize that, well, I'll never have this.  And living it vicariously, through you two... it's the closest I'll ever have. It's almost like being in a trio. It's nice.  I hope that doesn't make you feel strange. I know I'm not part of your and Tony's bond. I just... I want you to understand that this is far from only a favor.  It's an honor."
"--breaking news regarding the live gunmen in downtown Los--" a reporter on the television was saying.
He began rocking his hips into Steve.  At least he had the knot to keep him satisfied until he could get hard again.  He made a mental note to sneak away and get some damned Viagra or something. Steve's eyes were half-closed and he was lovingly sucking Tony's fingers, his tongue swirling over the fingertips in ecstasy.  Tony had to admit it was very sensuous. Steve's smell alone was making him a lot more responsive than normal; he could feel himself twitching weakly inside Steve, his body desperately wanting more.
"Fine," grumbled Tony.  He rolled out of bed to flop onto the floor dramatically.  He did this regularly. This time, however, it was followed with a round of high-pitched swearing; he'd forgotten about the broken fingers.
"She does always give me weapons of some kind," Steve hummed in agreement. For his birthday it had been knives, and for Christmas it had been a special kind of grappling hook. Despite being decommissioned, it seemed that Natasha had chosen a theme and stuck to it.
"Oh, what, you think because you're fast, you're better than Captain America?  I bet Captain America thought he could handle himself, too!"
"The Avengers Initiative was formed as a task force to protect the world.  Not to push political agendas," said Fury.  He pointed to the paper.  "You talking about education, suppressants...
He slid back up, pulling Steve's cock back into his mouth and glancing up at him.  Steve was clinging to the edge of the table hard enough to maybe break it. They broke a lot of furniture.
Natasha stood in the long, empty hallway, the red alarm lights still flashing.  She was staring at them with a mixture of irritation and... something else.
He walked to meet her halfway, his shoes crunching over the frost. He was glad he'd worn walking boots.
he read.  "...well, that answers that.  ...we should still seriously be more careful with the condom thing, though."  Tony set an alarm on Steve's phone. "Okay... we got a few hours. G'night, omega.  Love." He kissed the back of Steve's neck, inhaling the scent once again. To a beta, Steve wouldn't smell any different or any stronger than a regular person, but to Tony, it was like inhaling some delicious sort of perfume.  It made him feel excited and sexual before they mated, and sleepy and comforted afterward.
"If I help you-" More Cheerios were consumed. "-things are going to happen that no one will like. Firstly, Tony will get angsty as hell because, shockingly, the torture victim survivor has anxiety.  I don't know if I want to put my mate through that.  And then well, it's...really hit or miss. The Winter Soldier will kill me, we kill him, or we take him, or... he takes me.  And I don't really like any of those options."
The conversation turned more serious again with Danielle, as she began talking about her own personal experiences and struggles. Then Boswell turned to Steve, looking almost curious.
"You'd better hurry.  Everyone's asking for transfers.  The twins have been creeping out everyone with a clearance higher than four."
"Waffles and coffee?   Forget that, wake me up with a blowjob," replied Tony, giving Steve's ass a slap.  He scurried away before Steve could retaliate, knocking over an orchid and cackling as he ran up the stairs.
"I...I don't know? I'm just gonna go up," Steve breathed and ran a hand over his face before he headed up the stairs.
Tony flipped out his phone and pulled up Tetris again.  The truth was, Tony had nothing against omegas, as a group.  Nothing at all.  In a way, he respected them.  But people assumed he was a bleeding heart because of his father.  Howard had been fairly progressive for his time, at least with regards to omega rights, and Tony loathed being compared to the man in any way.  Howard had been a real Alpha’s Alpha, and as far as Tony could tell, the only reason he knew omegas existed or cared for them at all was because of Jarvis, his butler, who was long dead and completely irreplaceable.  Tony hated the politics of Alpha-omega relationships as much as he hated being reminded of his childhood and his father, and ever since his and Steve’s debate the previous night, Tony had been on edge and seeking to cause some trouble.  Maybe it was immature, but he didn’t care.  He was Tony Stark.  He could be as immature as he wanted.  Who was going to stop him?
"Yes."  He struggled to think of something more to say.  "My omega was sick.  I couldn't mate him.  He was always so angry at me.  But I didn't want to hurt him.  We were pals, ever since we were kids..."  His accent sounded unfamiliar, even to him now.  "...but I had to keep him safe, he was always gettin' into scraps, he was so stubborn.  Then I signed up for the war.  And when I saw him again he didn't need me anymore.  The mark was gone.  And he said he couldn't feel me."
"Good morning sir.  The time is eight-fifty a.m.  The temperature is eighty-four degrees with clear skies.  Surf conditions are excellent with six-to-eight foot swells.  Stark Industries is up point two points, opening this morning at six hundred and twenty-nine points."
Tony felt a catch in his throat.  Up five percent since that morning?  Impossible.  Unless the core was already rotten, but he'd changed it, what, four, five days ago?
Tony wasn't able to finish his dinner, but he helped himself to another martini.  Olives were food, at least, right?  He would have liked to have excused himself for a smoke before dessert, but he didn't smoke and he also couldn't stand leaving Steve alone.  Not after he'd already left him alone all day to fend for himself in a world where people shot at him, apparently.
. Sure, you have baggage, but you're also like the epitome of human perfection. If he doesn't want you then he's goddamn insane.  Listen, me and Natasha will beat some sense into him for you, okay?"
Tony grinned at him.  "Well, there was a redhead.  No, wait.  ...two redheads," said Tony, struggling to remember while Jarvis made his coffee.  "And you were a ghost! ...no, wait... you were.... I don't remember, you were there, though.  Where's Mom?"
"I want a two-person team watching them at all times.  At least one beta on the team. Stark, I highly recommend you don't work on any of your toys for now... if HYDRA can hijack yours or Steve's brain, and see through your eyes, there's a hell of a lot of intel they could get their hands on that we'd rather they not have."
"Wouldn't have it any other way," said Tony with a yawn.  "...don't you have a couple of SHIELD head shrinks downstairs you gotta go mingle with?"
Steve had only been back to Brooklyn once since this whole thing started. He'd gone to visit his Ma's house. The flat he'd used to share with Bucky had been turned into an ice cream parlour that sat above a hairdressers. That had warmed his heart a little. But the visit had been fleeting and soon Steve was dragged back into SHIELD training again. It had been good to go back there. His heart had needed it. He nuzzled against Tony's neck and sighed quietly.
His stomach was twisting even worse.  He didn't know.  Oh God.  Why didn't he know?  In rare moments of questioning, he would sometimes realize, horrified, that he didn't remember his own name or his mother's face or where he'd been born or what year it was, and he would panic.  Those panics inevitably led him to the chair.
"I think I was allowed to go AWOL for a few months, don't you? Ever since I woke up it's been SHIELD this, SHIELD that- no one even considered the fact- or asked- if I even
texted Tony, confused as to what Steve was talking about.  He was sitting in a conference room listening to a man calmly explain why suppressants were morally repugnant.  So far, Tony had, as Malick had promised, learned a lot, including such topics as breaking in recently bonded omegas and the process of conversion therapy for those unfortunate enough to have omega offspring.  Tony couldn't help but notice how careful they were with their words. There was no talk, for example, of arranged bonding, because it was illegal. But you didn't have to be a genius to know that "breaking in" an omega wasn't something you'd have to do if it
"This is your ex-mate?" asked the colonel, gesturing to Donner.  The resemblance between he and Steve was obvious.
"Wait, no... Tony... Tony, you can't take a nap, it's eight-thirty in the morning... wait, you made a
Steve felt a sinking feeling tug in his gut as he watched Tony make himself a drink. It was probably around eleven in the morning. He bit back a frown. Gleason's words rattled around in his head...
He had gotten used to Dr. Gleason and didn't feel threatened by him.  He wondered if most omegocologists were omegas themselves, and how an Alpha would be able to convince another Alpha to examine an omega while said omega was in heat.  Tony didn't want any other Alphas around Steve, certainly not now.
"I wanna go out to the beach after midnight," Steve murmured as he threaded their fingers together. "I've been cooped up too long and I miss the sea. You can join me, if you want," he offered as he headed down the steps.   "Oh, Sam fancies Rhodey, by the way," Steve told Tony as they stepped into the party area, knowing that would amuse him.
He'd been alternating running and weights since six AM and showed no signs of slowing.  Steve really needed to get back into a proper training routine. Fitness was key and serum didn't do all the work for him; he'd lost enough muscle as Tony's PA as it was.
He knew that fucking the omega would be a task he would very gladly do if ordered.  He turned over the question in his mind. Yes, of course he would do whatever Karpov said.  That was his purpose. Was it a trick question?
.  He couldn't deal with that.  Why the fuck would HYDRA want to kidnap Steve?  How could Fury (who Tony suspected was a robot in the first place) be nearly dead?  And how could Steve miscarry if he'd had a vasectomy back in '89?  Okay, fine, it was a few thousand pesos in a very shady Tijuana clinic but...
DeSoto cocked his head when Steve mentioned the forties.  It was weird to be reminded Steve was technically older than him; Steve still looked like he was in his twenties.
"I know it's not your fault.  Him biting you, that sucks but it doesn't change who you are, not to me, anyway.  Just like how what happened to me doesn't change who I am to you. ...hopefully."
"Oh my God, it's so pretty!" gasped Taylor, eyeing the drink.  It was opaque and bright blue and smelled like the strangest mixture of chocolate, wine, and something fruity.  Underlying all that, of course, was the smell of alcohol.
"Flying sounds good," Steve breathed and moved into Tony's outstretched arm. Physically, they were close, with Steve's hand on his shoulder and Tony's arm around his waist, holding him against him. But that was it. Emotionally, Tony wouldn't let him. Sure, Steve could feel his mate's emotion but he could also feel that his unavoidable intrusion wasn't welcome. He felt a pang of envy; only Alphas had that ability, to distance bond emotions.  It wasn't fair.  Steve had to handle the brunt of Tony's emotions whether he wanted to or not, all the time.
Steve dropped like an invisible hand had pushed him down and in a second he was on his knees, head lowered respectfully, hands clasped behind his back.
"My problem, Steve, is that you keep going back and forth.  The line between Cap and Steve is blurred. Sometimes, you act like this, like you want to be submissive and treated like an omega... and then other times, like yesterday, when we were looking at collars, you act like I'm oppressing the fuck out of you.  And I dunno how to reconcile that." He reached behind his back to tug his shirt off and toss it aside.
Steve actually fell asleep on Tony shortly after throwing his phone against the wall. He'd been up for over twelve hours after the dream having woken him and his session in the gym. Tony had slept far more through out the day and it was about time Steve played catch up. Fortunately, he didn't dream. His mind was merciful for the few stray hours. Steve shifted a little in his sleep, let out a few mumbles and quiet sounds but he still didn't dream.
He twisted to the side, yanked back, operating on pure instinct as the other man tried to bring down one of the cables on him.  Tony managed to get to his feet and tear away, only to slam into another overturned car and drop to the ground.  He lay there, breathing heavily.  The world was frozen.
The fire in his chest didn't burn like it used to. Maybe this was the lull they had been waiting for.
Tony felt immediately placated.  His anger evaporated, leaving behind a feeling of miserable emptiness that he realized was his mate's.
She heaved a world-weary sigh and got up, walking across the room to gently close the door.  "Go back to bed, James.  I'm sure where ever he is, he's doing fine."
"If it is permanent it means Bucky can find me and so can HYDRA and  I'll be pretty screwed..." Steve shrugged. "But like I said. I did this. I'll deal."
Steve could smell food coming up the stairwell into the bedroom, and his stomach growled. He was pretty sure he heard Pepper's voice downstairs but didn't really feel like going down. When he said he didn't feel like seeing anyone else today he'd meant it. Pepper was a friend but...he didn't want to see the way she'd look at him. He'd gotten enough looks of pity off of the nurses to last a life time. Why did people feel so sorry for him when he'd done this to himself?
to ask for attention. Jiminy Christmas, Tony. Our relationship isn't a game. Brooke never even would have hit on me in the first place if
. He whined loudly.  "Whatever," he panted. "Whatever you want. I'll do it, just...just p-please Tony, God. Get inside me already."
But this wasn't about social standing.  This was a fight for Steve, and Tony didn't care who he was up against; he would fight to the death for his mate.  Even if he was mad at him.
Tony stopped laughing only because he was shocked that she had said please and also called Steve "Captain Rogers."  Maggie Frond promptly reached behind Steve and pressed her fingers against the back of his ear; Steve had stopped laughing.
"You don't get it," he muttered darkly.  "You don't know what it's like to be a weak Alpha.  You don't know how it feels to-"  He stopped suddenly, realizing he was talking to someone who grew up in the twenties and thirties as an omega.  In America, in the those times, omegas couldn't attend college or join the army or vote.  Omegas were expected to be seen, not heard.  Omegas were expected to settle down with an Alpha who protected them and could mate them and sire children, and frankly, what the omega wanted wasn't really a factor.
"We should get Tony and Steve upstairs. The sedatives will be wearing off soon," Gleason said, hands on his hips. "Do you think some of your boys could help Steve up?"
DeSoto gave Steve a small, patronizing smile.  "You sound like Tricky." His smile evaporated.  "It makes me happy to please my Alpha. That's just normal, isn't it?  He knows I don't like fighting. But I do it for him and it means more that way, it means more that I don't like it, 'cause I'm making a sacrifice for him.  We
Steve's eyes flickered open to meet the other's, their faces a lot closer than they had been before. Bucky could see his tear stained cheeks, the pale skin there pinkish. "Thank you," swallowed Steve thickly.
"I don't think Gleason will find anything," said Rhodey, hopping up on a barstool; Tony offered him a drink and he took it.  "He's pretty clean. And even if he does, I doubt he'll be willing to press charges."
Having set politics aside, the rest of the lunch was a polite affair, with Tony and T'Chaka and Steve making idle chit-chat.
"Oh, somewhere in India or something," said Richards with a wave of his hand.  "You know, laying low. But he's still just as brilliant as he's ever been. Still answers e-mails, which is nice."
"I called for your doctor. He's waiting inside," she said softly. "Let me know how it goes. I know this isn't fun Steve. Let's just be thankful it lasted a few hours and not a week."
He looked up finally and did what he did best: made a joke.  "...I guess ignorant, arrogant dicks are your type, huh?" he said, often Steve a weak smile.  As usual, the crow's feet around his eyes appeared, and combined with the beard and glasses, the age gap between him and Steve was exceedingly obvious.
He dropped his gaze.  It made him upset to know that the omega was only pretending.  But he didn't remove his hand. The pull toward him was too strong.  He had never felt this way about anyone... not even Karpov. It was a scandalous thought, one sure to get him in trouble.  Yet he no longer had retraining sessions thanks to Dr. Ludheim so he wasn't really sure what it mattered.
who we think might have been passed off to a camp in Texas called Boulder Valley Ranch.  Anyway, they acquired a couple of omegas in 2002, most likely from the Institute. One of them, Bullseye, matched Barton's description and was later sent to northern Alabama, to a camp called Zephyr Hill, in 2007.  Apparently he was a trouble-maker. But if he's still alive, he's at Zephyr Hill and has been for the last three years."
"I know. I know, I just-- I just wanted to say it," Steve breathed. "Just wanted you to... think about it. Maybe. If you want to."
"Sometimes it feels like my hands are too big for it now," Steve murmured, his plate now empty. "I was better before."
"Of course. Call me when you've made the arrangements. We're very excited to maybe be making a match."
Steve stepped out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist to find Rhodes and Tony in the bedroom. Tony almost looked sheepish but was still obviously completely out of it. Rhodey looked like he'd dealt with this before.
"Justin," said the man in the suit, pleadingly.  It struck Steve that he'd seen that man hovering around before, in Monaco; the man was an omega and anxiety was dripping off of him, and Steve realized Tony wasn't the only bonded Alpha in the room.  He'd heard Justin speak directly to the man only once, in Monaco: "Jack, get me a drink."  That man was living like omegas lived back in the forties, hovering on the periphery of an Alpha's life, expected to be grateful to take orders.  Justin's viewpoint made much more sense in the context of his own relationship.
Tony was panting, growling, occasionally found himself holding his breath and almost forgetting to breathe; he shuddered on top of Steve, cumming all over again, all the while listening to Steve's whines and the sound of his name and the persistent, shrill, beeping alarm from Steve's phone on the ground.
Despite all his worries, something had warmed in his chest when they said they were like family. It was good to know people had his back. Sure, SHIELD did, but they had a different prerogative. For once this wasn't about Steve's mission. This was about his life. People were interested in
Tony looked to Steve at Aria's mention of yet more interviews.  "...there's nothing more to say, is there? I pushed Steve away because I was insecure about all the... all the bullshit expectations of dominance that's shoved down Alphas' throats our whole lives, and because of me, Steve was put in danger.  And him getting... getting bonded by someone else, it opened my fucking eyes. I don't care if I'm some macho, swaggering jock. I'm Tony goddamn Stark and all I care about is that I'm with Steve and that he's alive and safe and happy. Don't really care if he's
She set the bird down gently; Tony watched from above, waiting for Steve to board before he started talking through their radio system.  He felt like maybe they'd be less upset about his accessing the closed line if Steve were there.
Howard smelled the aggression and turned to look at him.  After a beat, he said, "Son, go put a shirt on."  He turned back to Steve, examining him.  "...where do I know you from..." he murmured softly, eyeing Steve.
Had he ever considered actually building their weapons?  Not really.  He would rather be a bitch than a traitor.  But years later, the words still stung.  Tony's dating had tapered off a lot after Afghanistan.  He missed women.  He missed not worrying about pregnancies.  His life was turning in a way that made him uncertain of the future, and Tony hated being uncertain.
.  I forbid it.  I don't know what crazy ideas these idiots have been filling your mind with, but the idea of someone like
Steve set the boxes down, carefully lifting the model off the top and setting it down on a clear table space. With curiosity, seeing as he had the opportunity, he reached into the box to pull out the shield prototype. Steve immediately pulled a face as he held it in his hands. It felt all wrong. "This isn't anything like my shield," he said and set it back down.
Tony whimpered through Happy's shirt.  Steve's scent wasn't as strong here and he couldn't hear Steve's cries, but the mere memory of the sounds Steve was making... Tony was hard as a rock and he would have gladly given anything at that moment to go back and continue clawing at Steve's door.
"...you better watch yourself, Stark.  If that breeder of yours goes tearing around on his own, both of you are gonna get banned."
The photoshoot was, surprisingly, really fun. There was a load of other famous omegas there of every different body shape imaginable. There was a famous female omega body builder and they had several funny photos of her lifting Steve up into the air like he weighed of nothing. It was actually super impressive; she and Steve compared their workout routines.  Steve had never met another omega who had muscles like his. The shoot took all day and he had to go through over twenty outfits, most of the photos alone but a few of them in groups or pairs.  The stylists groaned over the ankle monitor on his leg, which was almost impossible to hide.  Steve went out for drinks afterwards and they even let him keep one of the jackets that he was especially fond of. it was black soft leather with a green suede lining that was showed off on the lapels.  Going out for drinks with a group of omegas was a breath of fresh air; it was fun and it felt good to hang about with people his own age for once.  Steve had not appreciated how many people he hung out with were Tony's age and Tony's friends: older male Alphas and betas who treated him a little different.  With other young omegas, he felt like he could be himself.
Steve let Tony tilt his head up pliantly, eyes slipping shut as he let the Alpha guide him into the position he wanted. Tony's fingers were hot and strong on his jaw, the touch so prominent it was almost burning. Steve relished in the sensation. In all of it.
Steve smiled, eyes narrowing a little, but in a playful manner. "Yeah. That's how we did it back then. Didn't have none of your fancy ass plastic sleds...how did you even know about- you know what, doesn't matter." He reached up, fingers brushing against Tony's cheek and then he leaned up and kissed him, legs and back curling into Tony's hold.
Steve!  ...unless that's what canoodling means.  I can't always understand your weird old-timey speak."  He leaned against the doorway, sipping his drink, swaying noticeably.  He began singing, "
"...do... do you know how to tie a bowtie?" asked Tony as they ducked into a private bathroom.  Everything was white ceramic and gold gilding and Tony's voice sounded hollow and echo-y to him.  He couldn't help but laugh at the inappropriateness of the question, given the circumstances.
He scrambled out of bed, going to the closet for a new suit; the one he'd worn earlier in the day was crumpled on the floor.  "...can you grab me a shot from the fridge? I need to take the edge off..." Tony was still groggy and was having a hard time composing himself. Knowing he faced an evening talking with the likes of Malick and Frond didn't exactly make him feel any better.
.  If Alphas can't control themselves they shouldn't leave their damn houses.  And safe spaces are something the government should provide. For an omega a safe space during a heat should be a goddamn human right," Steve said, letting out a ragged breath. He went quiet for a brief moment then swallowed. "It's when you're at your most vulnerable. And as long as Alphas think they have no culpability for their actions, stuff like this is necessary.
He grabbed the painting out of Steve's hands and climbed onto the nearest table, knocking over a decorative vase.  "I always hated this Rothko, this'll look way better--" he said to himself, trying to pull down an abstract painting off the wall.
"Oh ye of little faith," said Tony with fake hurt.  The truth was, he had absolutely been planning to drink himself into a coma and take a nap.  He didn't want to dig through his father's things.  Not now.  Not ever.  But clearly, he wasn't being given a choice.  "Fine.  Give Steve the boxes.  Christ, he's strong, he's like a packmule.
It was very tempting to do just that with the low lit of Tony's voice in his ear and that stubble grazing softly against his jaw. Steve shivered involuntarily.
"This is ridiculous," grumbled Tony.  "Who knew having a baby was like going to the DMV?  Can't you hurry up, Donner?"
Steve's panic was coursing through his veins and he found himself struggling to maintain his cool; it took deliberate effort not to talk too fast or pet too hard.
.  Do you think he's safe?  I can totally imagine that asshole kicking him around and pretending it's you."  He winced a little as a drop of mustard from his sandwich fell on the fleece squirrel costume; he wiped it off with his finger and then licked his finger.  "And DeSoto... creepy, right? ...I guess I would behave, too, if someone threatened to shoot me." Tony paused and cocked his head thoughtfully.  "...or I would build, y'know, a deadly mechanized suit out of rocket parts. But I understand that option is not available to everyone."
Someone brushed the hair out of his eyes.  He appreciated the gesture; he couldn't move his arms to tuck it behind his ears and it had really been starting to annoy him.  He felt a small, fierce bit of pride that he had, apparently, completed his objective, though he didn't really understand what they meant.  He had a vague recollection of a man, a man who was familiar, a man with white hair.  That had been part of the objective, he was sure of it.  And he could swear he'd seen that guy before, somewhere.  He remembered being mad that he'd been drinking.  But the two memories didn't seem to fit; they were like two pieces to a puzzle that didn't actually click with each other and he gave up trying to figure it out.  It wasn't his place to understand; it was his place to obey.
"Shush." Natasha held up a hand. Her eyes narrowed, then she closed them... concentrating. "I can smell him, can you? It's faint but... he's definitely close."
Steve stepped back out cleaner than before and moved to pull on his clothes. Tony was still in bed. He sighed fondly and moved over to kiss his forehead. "Come on. Up." He poked Tony's bicep. "I'll make you some coffee but you better be dressed when I come back in here..."
Tony laughed.  "Sorry, I know you're being serious, but... no, not in a million years," said Tony.  He sat down next to Steve and lay a hand on his back. "It's different for us. I know lots of omegas can get close, can nest together and stuff, but... with us, dominance is... just a really big deal.  It's hard for us to get as close as omegas do. There's a reason you almost never see trios with two Alphas. I'm not saying they don't happen, but I've never seen it, myself. It's just too weird... Rhodey's not an acer.  He just doesn't swing that way." He rubbed Steve's back a little.
"So far, it's been about twice a year, so yeah," replied Tony truthfully.  "Rogers, c'mon, give me a
"What, you never saw a dick before?" asked Tony.  He looked over at Phil's nest. "Jesus, Coulson, did you tear up my entire fucking house?"  Phil looked pained. "Nice nest," he added, realizing that, to an omega, such an enterprise was on par with a maestro's opera.  Phil beamed at the compliment, his eyes still flitting from Steve to Tony. Clearly he was in a personal heaven: a barely-clothed Captain America and a completely naked Alpha.
"You seriously look like you're going to kill me; should I just dial 911 right now?  ...look, I didn't know you felt like that, I... yeah, obviously, I like Pepper, but it doesn't matter. Man, she's not even talking to me right now, and... and I mean, she has things you don't have- at least two things. I'm talking about breasts- am I supposed to give that up because-- I mean, it doesn't matter, Steve, I'm not with her, I'm not with anyone, I don't know how you feel about stuff, okay, I haven't exactly gotten to know you, yet... I mean, carnally, obviously, yes, physically, but not, like, your
The soldier leaned forward to nose at the omega's fingertips.  The omega could pull away if he wanted to, he figured. If he told the soldier to leave, he would; he was tired, ready to go curl up on the end of Karpov's bed, since no bed had been provided to him.  But given him own choice (and he couldn't remember the last time he'd made a choice on his own), he would much rather stay here, sleep on the cold tiles under the bright lights, just to be close to the blond.
"You know I actually won a bet when we found out. $10,000 from my old history teacher. I didn't make him pay up," Banksy winked at Steve as he tugged him through a door. "But he offered to."
Buck stared at Rogers and he had a sudden memory.  The two of them on a worn couch, Buck stroking his face, gently bending his neck, biting down on it... a vase of tulips in the dining room, a silent plea for him to understand that he was just too sick to be mated, that none of the beta girls
Pepper blinked at Aria's sudden hostility.  She understood that it wasn't directed at her, precisely, but she and Tony had operated in tandem for so long that it did feel a little personal.
Tony had made sure that the collar wasn't cold and Steve was eternally grateful for that. The inside was a soft, dark blue suede that sat comfortably against his skin. He only hoped he didn't get sweaty from nerves; then would it kind of gross.
"I pressed one and kept it. I kept it in the back of my sketchbook, for years," Steve murmured. "But I didn't take it to war with me and that was it. I don't know what happened to everything in our old place... I imagined other people just moved in eventually, when we didn't come home."
"Could you tell DeSoto to come up later in gym gear and no collar?" Steve asked Hal.  "It wouldn't be safe for him to wear one."
The room was teeming with at least fifty omegas. Steve hadn't under dressed, at least; most people were dressed semi-casually. He spotted Piper talking energetically with some other girls her age. She looked like an entirely different woman.
"Well, why would I?  Steve was a good role model for you.  He's strong, courageous, candid... his status doesn't really matter," said Peggy easily, sipping her tea.
He paused, then added, "Besides, I don't know if I can handle five more presentations.  Did you see how they got a redhead, and my favorite whiskey? These fucks know exactly what pulls my strings.  I'm used to people sucking up to me, but holy shit. These guys are taking it to another lev--"
Before Steve could answer, though, Tony's phone began ringing; Tony twitched and he heard Steve gasp beneath him.
"And I wasn't the only one who was forced bonded," Steve muttered and then stood, carrying Lila in his arms as he smiled down at Cooper. "Sure, lead the way."
"If you want an safe space for omegas, I can negotiate that. But you can't go into this with a biased against them. Deciding to stay at home is a fine choice for anyone to make so long as it's just that, a
"Alright. Alright," Clint said, hand on Sam's chest. He was pushing him away from Tony, trying to calm him down. The last thing they needed was a fight.
"I think Fury's been nice, considering. We don't have a good track record. I think he's pretty exasperated with me. Maybe I'm not worth quite all the effort he's gone to, to get me here."
. Steve was planning to find someone in need and simply giving it to them but he still need to get a few things out- like said box of cereal. He remembered it half way through Fury's little speech and grabbed it from the top cupboard, leaning back on the countertop and wordlessly eating Cheerios as he waited for the director to finish his piece.
He was starting to warm up to the idea of going to a workshop, if only so that he could take off his collar and air the back of his neck for an hour.
to mate you.  You have no idea.  He put himself through hell not to, just because he was scared of hurting you, and because he made a promise that he wasn't willing to break."  Tony was still staring off into the middle distance it was too hard to face Steve right now. "I love you. And I wanted to be the only one with that right.  I wanted to be your only mate. But I'm not, and I don't even care, Steve, because these last two months have been some of the worst in my entire life. I mean, not quite as bad as Afghanistan, but definitely in the top ten.  And I would rather share you than lose you completely. And you deserve to know that even if he was an ignorant asshole, like me, well... he loved you, Steve."
"Steve," choked out Tony, though his labored breathing.  He congratulated himself on maintaining some semblance of being cool.  "Steve.  I love you.  If I lost you... it would be like going back to that cave."
Pepper sighed and reached over to put a hand on his shoulder.  "Okay, I'm going to call a doctor for you and Steve to talk to tomorrow, okay?  I'll find someone who will do a house call and sit both of you down and talk to you.  I think you need to go upstairs and talk all this over with Steve.  No sex.  Just talk."
And before Steve could protest Taylor was practically screeching when she saw him and throwing herself on him.
"I know," said Tony suddenly, mouth watering.  He hadn't known it until Steve had said it, but... "When you were... when you were in heat... I could smell..."  He trailed off.  On the plane, God, yes.  He'd known Steve was in heat, known how aroused he was, how slick between the legs... he had wanted him so badly.  Tony was remembering it now and he could practically smell--
"Ah, Mr. Stark! It's a pleasure to meet you; I do admire what you do," Gene told him and Steve could have so easily believed him. Gene offered a hand out to Tony. Steve could smell expensive cigarettes on him when the man leaned in closer.
"I respect you as an omega," said Tony diplomatically.  He wasn't sure if he could respect Steve as a captain.  He wasn't a military man and he treated Rhodey like crap most of the time.  Tony loathed taking orders; Pepper could attest to that.  Tony liked doing things his own way, and he always had.  Maybe that was part of the problem.  Tony rarely got told "no."
Steve leaned into Tony's touch when he felt his tongue on his neck again. "I like that," he whispered. "You should do that some more."
He met her eyes and reached over to squeeze her hands briefly. "It's good to be back," Steve hummed. They headed back downstairs.
"I'm not an alcoholic!" protested Tony.  "...alcoholics go to meetings.  ...can you call Steve from a blocked line?  Run the number through a proxy?  I won't talk.  I just..."  Tony felt a tear run down his face and tried to pretend it was just the rain.  "...I just wanna hear his voice.
Tony leaned in to speak to Steve softly.  "Your call, Steve. I think Maggie Frond sounds like a total bitch.  But you know what they say... keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Plus, we can scope out who's there. The omegas in that room will be the ones that need you most, and the Alphas in that room will be ones we should watch our backs around.  ...and you have my permission to be quietly indignant." He smiled a little and nuzzled Steve's jaw.
Mackenzie cam back in about ten minutes.  "Okay, I'm sticking with you guys. I mean... I would have to anyway... since Steve, you know, has the... you know, the bond to... the... asset."
Donner nodded, accepting the cup and curling slim fingers around it. "Was it true...what you said? About Tony letting you be with another Alpha?"
"Okay, whatever you say, Tony..." Steve mumbled, still not convinced, but his tone was good-natured. He didn't understand how watching a load of teenagers get lost in the wood was scary. But he was preferred to give Tony the benefit of the doubt.
Tony kept growling out comforting words, half of them simply "omega" or "Steve," shielding Steve while he cried it out.  They sat there for well over a half-hour before Donner groaned quietly in the front seat.
"...clearly not," agreed Tony.  He looked to Steve. "Where were you?  You ready? You look great. ...does this hat really make me look adorable?"  He reached over for Steve's hand and gave it a squeeze. Steve felt a bit bothered and Tony figured it was nerves.  But he considered talk shows easy. The audiences were small and you couldn't even see them because you were facing the stage lights and the glare made it impossible to see anything but your immediate surroundings.
He had an idea for self-assembling armor but he wasn't sure yet whether or not it was possible.  He didn't just want armor that could build itself without scaffolding.  He wanted armor that could come to him, that could assemble around him from individual pieces.
He climbed out of the chair, groaning and stretching his limbs.  He glanced over; Pepper and Aria were sitting side-by-side. Aria was younger and dressed much more casually than Pepper; Pepper was all business, hair tied back.  But clothing and age aside, they looked identical, their faces on their tablets, clicking away, handling the deluge of press. Both looked tired. Tony wasn't sure what Aria was going to do but he bet Pepper was going to go straight into the office.  Already pale, the bags under her eyes were noticeable.
That little hum of permission was all Steve needed to let go. It felt so good. So freaking good, and he was coming undone underneath Tony's grasp. The way he teased at Steve made him tremble and moan and it felt like Steve was floating. He aware of nothing but the feeling of Tony's mouth upon him.
God, his head, though.  He'd discarded his mask, unable to breathe through it because it kept pooling with blood.  They'd set up a blockade, but he didn't know what sort of vehicle they'd taken.  No matter.  He would smell him out.  He knew what the blond smelled like.  His smell was unusually strong and imminently recognizable.
"Of course," Steve said, surprised at the offer and oddly flattered by it. It was clear Alphas like the ones at the conference didn't see him as a valid soldier, or didn't anymore, now that his true status has been revealed. Steve was aware that the army was still dominated by Alphas and it was nice to think military institutes wanted to hear from him. He looked down at the pages and blinked. "I can do patriotic." Steve smiled a little. "Believe it or not."
He looked up at Steve, moving the flowers around.  "...is there anything you want to do?" he asked tentatively.  The only other tradition he could think of was a collaring ceremony, which, aside from being more than a century old and hopelessly outdated, was possibly the most offensive thing he could think of.
"Steve, please... please..."  Tony rutted the toy into Steve; Steve whimpered, then coughed, probably due to the pill in his throat.
Steve found him under the bed. He didn't say anything and just crawled underneath him. It was awkward and cold but he curled his arms around him. Tony was shaking.
Another possibility had occurred to Bucky, a terrible one.  Perhaps that other Alpha was Steve's war Alpha. "War Alphas" weren't uncommon during the Great War, or during the Second War, either.  Omegas like Steve needed protection and with their Alphas away, they sought out new companionship. If the Alpha didn't return, they'd rebond; if the Alpha did return, they'd simply go back to them.  Or, sometimes, the Alphas would duke it out and to the victor go the spoils. Bucky had known it was a possibility that Steve might seek out a temporary Alpha for protection; God knew the scrawny little guy needed it.  But wasn't the war over? Bucky was stateside now, he was
poisoning.  ...are you mad at me, Stan?  Come on, don't be mad, you can make it my birthday present."
But didn't that also prove a point? That maybe this thing, the tesseract, was, in fact, incredibly dangerous?
Tony had opened the fridge and begun digging around in it, leaving a bloody handprint on the white door.
"...now what?" asked Tony, leaning against the tank.  He studied Steve's face. He knew that look. That was Steve's Captain-America-there's-no-time-like-the-present-someone-has-to-do-something look.  He
"You never let a subject get into you head.  That's Interrogation 101," said Natasha darkly.  "You think you're special because you got raped in a cave?  You think you're the only one who's been forced to drink saline or had vinegar put in your eyes?
it's insane. But when you pulled Tony out of the simulation first you left me in there alone, in his subconscious," he whispered. "Except I wasn't alone. He was
Tony looked down at Steve again.  Was Steve a "good omega?" ...no. No, not really.  Not lately. Maybe he was to Bucky. But not to Tony.  Not by the strict definition of "good" being "obedient," anyway.
He pressed himself up against Steve, trying to lure him into swaying with the music, which was a strange mixture of jazz and rap, as if Steve's generation and Tony's had crashed into each other.
"If you want me there, I'd like to be there," Steve said simply, lying down in the bed.   This, he supposed, was why Tony had been asking about his father.  Howard had been on his mind.
He checked Tony's temperature before he went to bed. He felt a little clammy, but there was no warning signs, no indication he was in dire straits.  Steve touched his temple; there were a few stray silver hairs there.  They played into Steve's worries about mortality and the fragility of human life.
"Well, I would say that sending you undercover to an old friend's son's business was asking for you to have a breakdown or some kind of... misstep. Dying isn't good for your mental health, not just your physical. While yes, you are responsible for your actions...so are SHIELD.  Your first placement was ill-advised."
He found it interesting how simply Steve had described their emotional experiences.  He'd never thought much about it, but it was true. Tony felt fear and sadness and shame from Steve, but Steve always reacted strongly when Tony was angry.  He'd never stopped and considered they felt the bond with different intensities. It made sense, though, the way Steve explained it.
"You're not really supposed to call me Steve, but I also don't really see the harm in it," he said with a small smile and a shrug. Captain felt a bit funny from Tony. Especially considering all the different times he'd had Steve squirming underneath him in bed. This was a new dynamic which Steve guessed was exciting as well as... weird.
"Being apart from each other isn't going to make it any better. I'm sick of fighting this, Nat. I gotta fix the bond.  Especially since it's my fault it's screwy.
One of them had had an actual waterfall that tumbled down into a swimming pool. The resort had certainly looked stunning but Steve was also aware it was probably nothing Tony hadn't seen before...
He'd never noticed it.  He'd only seen an omega, an assistant.  But, dear Lord... the guy was a dead ringer for Captain America, all right.  His height, muscles, posture... the truth was, if Tony had seen Steve without smelling him, he probably would have seen it in an instant.
His hand dropped.  He looked up at Steve again.  "...you don't care, do you?" he blurted suddenly.  "About...?"  He gestured vaguely toward his own neck.
Steve was shooing him toward the bed; Tony was stumbling slightly with exhaustion, but his mind was spinning at a hundred miles an hour.
Despite the heat fogging Steve's brain he was still very aware that running away with the Winter Solider wasn't a good idea. He was right about what he said before; Bucky wasn't capable of consenting right now. And neither was he, really. Steve shouldn't have really kissed him but that had arguably been a tactical move.
Eventually, he let go of Tony. His fingers trailed over the inside of the other's wrist before he pulled away entirely. Steve smirked subtly and went to go fill the kettle up to boil. "Grab us both a mug, will you? Cupboard to your right."
Tony shook his head a little.  He was slightly amazed at how well Steve was receiving this and also a little irked that, as usual, Steve was being level-headed and considerate.
Upstairs, Sitwell and Area were staring at each other.  "So... you're his publicist, is that right?" asked Sitwell, tenting his fingers.  "All about his... image. So the question everyone's asking is whether he's going to team up with Status Alliance or the Horseshoe Society.  What'd you think?"
"...I mean, if you hate it, seriously, we can return it, donate the money to charity, whatever--" Tony was saying apologetically.  He was going to be damned if he told Steve how much he'd actually spent; the figure for both had been just under two million and he knew Steve would lose it if he found out.
had been chosen because it was perfectly in the middle and the hosts were a bonded pair.  Their Christmas special the previous year had gotten 6.2 million viewers. Pepper and Aria had been running promos and analyzing numbers for weeks, trying to get everything in order.  Tony's primary contribution had been to promise Pepper that he'd pick out a tie to wear. (Actually he still hadn't done that.)
"Just Tony.  No, I'm all set with Steve.  ...but you're not bonded," said Tony, nodding toward his wristband.
"I got a place to do law," Donner said, all of a sudden. "But I didn't go in the end." Then he stared stubbornly at the floor, like he'd just said too much. Steve's heart sank for him.
The second year it had been him and Obie.  Obie had gone with him the first five years and after that, it was just a ritual for Tony to swing by.  He was in New York so often for business anyway and it felt weird not to.
"About twenty every year," Lola shrugged, slurping down more pineapple juice. "I try to avoid it. I don't like watching. It can get pretty vicious."
He wondered how well Fury had known the older Howard, the one that had called his son a sissy and a faggot and a disappointment.  Tony knew he wasn't exactly the most commanding, powerful Alpha in the room, but so what?  Betas couldn't tell, anyway, and Tony felt he more than made up for it with his smarts.  But Tony's intelligence had been an inconvenience to Howard.  Life in the Stark household had always existed in a sort of controlled chaos.  The concept of "child-proof" didn't exist around Tony.  By the time he went to college, the family was on its sixth microwave.  He never believed in Santa Claus or the tooth fairy; to him, the concept of invisible energy was enough magic to satisfy his childhood curiosity.  The idea of being able to manipulate it through circuits fascinated him.  He was etching boards while most children were still learning how to tie their shoes.  He took apart and put together nearly anything he could get his hands on.  But being smart and precocious hadn't endeared him to Howard.  Half of the staff's job was trying to wrangle Tony away from electronics before he destroyed them; around the house, anything that had wires was in dire straits and was always moments away from being torn apart by Tony.  Howard's pride in having an intelligent son didn't extend to being patient when his intelligent son made life difficult.  And Tony was nothing if not difficult.  Every single tutor said the same thing: "He's not being challenged enough."  But it was impossible to challenge him and most gave up eventually, letting Tony do whatever he wanted, which was sneaking into the garage to crawl into the car's engine and see what made it go.
"Karpovs.  He's a vet.  Pearl found him zonked out in the sand.  He's pretty messed up.  We think some kids beat him up.  Karpovs, this is Freak, and I'm Amber, and this is Ducky.  Come on, let's get him cleaned up.
Tony got up, smoothing down his tie.  "Okay, fine. See you tomorrow, Pep." Tony figured that the hotel staff had restocked the minibar by now; he could go home and get sloshed and go back to bed.
Steve ignored their bickering in turn of giving attention to the baby. She was adorable and the way she gripped his thumb like a vice made Steve's heart melt. Aria grinned at him. "What?" he asked, looking up and meeting her eyes.
"Cigarettes first," he demanded.  His fingers brushed over the ridges on the back of Steve's neck, and for the first time since the damned war had started, Bucky felt
"It's good to see you too, Happy," Steve returned, voice quiet and sincere and almost tentative. He realised he really was quite invested in Happy liking him- in the people around Tony liking him. He didn't care about SHIELD.  Anyway, he couldn't help what they thought of him.  They had probably a whole room dedicated just to him.
Steve was relieved to find Tony in a better mood the next morning and smiled at the kiss. He'd ordered them the same breakfast again and actually ate his this time. The bacon was salty and the eggs buttery. It was good but Steve didn't want to think about how much it cost. When Tony stepped out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist he
Tony was relieved when Steve and Sam returned from their showers.  Steve looked refreshed. Sam was still wheezing noticeably from the run.
Steve was barely moving. He'd shut his eyes. Seeing nothing was less distressing than seeing almost nothing.
Tony let Steve wash his hair, pampering him.  He got the sense that Steve needed to do it, that Steve, as an omega, got some comfort from it.
"I think Steve's right, it would be good for the omegas there to hang out with him.  And listen. So the only way they'd let Steve in is with a collar, right?"
!" yelled the Alpha, struggling to get up, his mouth tinged with blood.  "You're not a spade... you're an abomination, that's what you are! That's why you're not bonded!  No Alpha would want you! Because you're a
A line of tension sagged from Steve's shoulders as his cheek was pressed against Tony's thigh. He let his eyes slip shut slowly, a serene feeling swelling in his chest and sinking down into his very chore. He'd not felt this relaxed since waking up in the 21st century. Steve sighed softly, contently and didn't think he'd want to move anytime soon.
" he hollered, writhing under Happy.  But the reminder of Steve's body, so close, separated from him by one little door... Tony was literally sweating.  He'd never wanted anything more in his life.  He heard another whine bubbling out of his throat and before he could help himself he was calling Steve's name again, unable to keep the desperation out of his voice.
Steve's own body actually didn't scar, not that he'd found. Bullet wounds disappeared eventually, broken bones lasted a matter of days when he was lucky. Steve looked untouched- but he wasn't, not really. He still knew the horror of war and death and torture. He'd still felt pain. He'd still felt combat, and endured it. But he had no physical proof for it etched into his person. He only had his memories. And even they could be patchy at times. A consequence of the ice, they told Steve. His mind needed catch-up time.
"Yeah, and DeSoto got put on the table, too," said Fred.  "That's when Andy folded. We only lost about forty thou. ...I mean, it's a lot, but Andy always comes to this this expecting to spend a ton of money, so it was budgeted."
"Yes.  Do it," demanded Tony.  He dropped onto the white leather couch in his boxers and motioned Steve over.  "Let me see the photo shoot. You work your omega charm... Rhodey'll do it for you."  Tony didn't add that if Rhodey didn't, they were probably screwed. He didn't know many unbonded Alpha males.  At his age, most were bonded. And since his mating to Steve, there were a lot more omegas and betas in his life than there ever had been.
They'd only done this a handful of times but Tony generally felt more confident about it, because Steve had never grabbed him, never shoved his head down or made him feel trapped.  Anytime Tony went down on him, Steve let Tony had free rein to do what he liked and it was encouraging not to feel pressured. That was one of the wonderful things about Steve; he liked nearly everything but never asked for anything.
"I mean 84! Not Donner... I mean, I'm sure he's lovely, but the poor thing's not quite all there, is he?" Banksy sounded sympathetic but not surprised. He wasn't in shock like Steve had been at first.
"SHIELD has him," said Tony.  "...they probably noticed he was awake when they were stuffing the Wonder Twins into some black site jail cell a million miles underground."
Before Steve could even try and listen in armed guards appeared behind him and a barrel of a gun in his back was nudging him forward.
"I'm afraid it will be doing a lot more of that," Richard hummed. He turned back to Steve. "I would say, Captain Rogers, that it still looks like you're going into heat. But if you have been, ahem, sedated. Or in a stressful situation... then I would suggest that it probably won't last as long as a normal heat for you, or be as vicious. But being around your mate will mean it will probably come on." Then he moved back to the bedside, checking on Donner again.
Tony pushed into the kiss immediately.  "...I feel fine," he said. That was... sort of, kind of true.  He felt drunk, anyway.
He couldn't help but look down at Tony stroking his own erection, blue eyes dark as his throat went Steve. He hesitated, clearly wanting to touch Tony, please him in some way, but he complied. He wasn't entirely sure what Tony would want them to do, but he was excited to find out.
The doorbell rang.  "I'll be right back sir," Jarvis said, head still bowed as he quickly left the room in a tactical exit.
"...it doesn't hurt... just... kind of... itches.  And stings," said Tony, scratching the back of his neck furiously.
"...oh, no, I-- I don't want to-- to put it-- I mean-- Steve should put it on himself."  Tony held out the collar to Steve in one hand, looking more and more embarrassed. He'd imagined Steve in a collar plenty of times, but never thought of the act of putting the collar onto him.  And he couldn't do it with Lydia right there. Lydia was a perfect fucking ten; she was gorgeous, 100% Tony's type, and every time he looked at her, his mouth watered. The idea of doing something so intimate to Steve with her there watching them was just too uncomfortable, even for Tony.
One moment Tony was gasping and clutching his left arm, and then, in an instant, Tony was simply gone. Steve was angry. He'd left him alone in this terrible place, when
Steve was riding a very unique type of high. Nothing could really bring him down right now, even if he was worried about what was going to happen to Wanda and Pietro.  His emotions were all mixed together: he felt angry at them, and scared for them.  He felt sympathetic and furious.  He wanted to kill them, and protect them.  He knew, logically, it was his heat that was making him feel so mixed-up and strange.
) closing his eyes and stifling a yawn. He didn't plan to nap; he just wanted to hold Steve for a few minutes before wandering back downstairs to attack the piles of boxes of notes that were still probably scattered all over the floor.
He checked Steve's room next, but it was also empty.  Puzzled, Steve poked his nose in the lounge, and there was Steve, curled up on the couch where they had made their nest during his heat.
Happy began to slow down as they neared a church and graveyard. He graveyard looked huge, a lot of the memorials elaborate and fancy in form. There was countless statues of men and angels and there was no grave without a headstone. Pepper sat up in her seat and Happy wordlessly moved to turn the radio off. There were a few minutes of silence.
Suddenly, Steve was no longer so serious. "Can I have more waffles? And syrup? Actually, I'll take syrup."
"...we'll go see Fury tomorrow.  He's in Los Angeles, right?  We'll see him tomorrow, we'll see a doctor, we'll figure this out.  ...no more secret meetings without me, okay?  I don't want... why would HYDRA even want to try to kidnap you, that doesn't make any sense, you'd never work for them.  I don't want you to leave the house anymore without your shield.  Does SHIELD know?"
"...DeSoto's not so bad, is he?" asked Tony, still eating his sandwich and swinging his feet.  "I think it's good for him to get away from Ron. ...it's weird to think that Malick is one of Fury's bosses.  I mean, I guess there's probably more moderate Alphas on the Council, but still. Weird. Also the Council just oversees SHIELD, and that's really a security agency, not much control over social law..."
"I wasn't wearing the collar for fun, Tony," Steve pointed out gently as they got into the back seat of the car. Happy got into the front. The crowd were surrounding the auctionees now. Steve could see the media approaching from down the drive. Shit was about to hit the fan and they didn't want to anywhere near it. They'd made their point, done their part...
"I can't give out your medical information to anyone but you unless you give permission," said David.
Maybe they had been sent in error.  Maybe they weren't even for him and Steve.  Without a card, there was no way to know, really.
He stroked Steve's hair.  "...but, if you really want to make me feel better..." he added, still joking, trying to recapture the mood.  He gave Steve's head another little push.  "My research tells me you probably have to be a little lower than that to do it right."  He put his hands behind his head, watching Steve, still smiling encouragingly.
"Hey, Charlie," said Tony flatly.  The two of them exchanged a fist-bump before Tony got on the plane, flopping into the nearest chair with a heavy sigh and turning to stare out the window.  He didn't move for the whole trip, not even to get a drink.
This had always been his favorite position, lying lazily in bed while a woman rode him.  Steve's body was wet and tight and overly warm, and all of the sensations were nearly overwhelming.  He reached out to play with Steve's erection, running his thumb back and forth over the foreskin, lazily watching the way it went back and forth over the head.  Tony had become intimately familiar with Steve's penis over the last half-year. Tony was average-sized for an Alpha and he had to admit it was a little disconcerting to know that Steve, an omega, was probably about the same size as him.  Steve had a foreskin but no knot, but aside from that, they were pretty evenly matched. He wondered if Steve ever compared them.
Pepper looked over.  She had known Tony for more than ten years and never seen him quite this feral.  Tony had been largely uncommunicative the entire time since she had arrived; Tony haven't moved away from Steve and remained on top of him, snarling at everyone who came by, his only words mumbles of comfort toward Steve.
"You don't have to--" Steve sighed. It was too late. He just gently pulled Tony back down with him, rubbing at his back as he curled against them. He leaned his head so it half rested on top of Tony's and let his eyes slip shut. He let the quiet wash over them for a moment. He savoured it before he broke it again.
He spread his thighs as if to make a point and then groaned in relief when he felt the first press of fingers. "Fuck, Tony. Please," Steve said breathlessly, rocking his hips down into Tony's touch in encouragement. His cheeks were flushed, his lips parted, eyes fluttering shut. Steve looked serene, and he felt it.
Steve picked up the box with the prototype in it no problem. Nat and Clint managed the others--just barely. As the boxes were moved, something else fell out from the shelf that had been propped up by a stack. It was a long piece of board, Steve didn't pay much attention to it. He just moved to set the heaviest box down in the lift.
Tony held on to Steve's arm with both hands and leaned against him as they walked out.  His mood was much improved.  The simulation had been rough, yes, but it was over and he was glad he was drunk and besides, he was with Steve.  He giggled quietly to himself the whole way to the car.  "...we owe Natasha and Clint and big thank-you.  Their bond makes ours sound like it was, like, easy.  ...you know what's sad, Steve?  I bet no one sent them an orchid.  Steve, let's send them an orchid, Steve.  I
A nurse came and changed the bandages at the back of his neck, getting Tony to gently help her turn him over (with some difficulty) so she could reach. Steve didn't even wake, which either meant he was very out of it, or the pain was receding.
"...what happens if I touch your glands now?  Do you like... die?" asked Tony suddenly. He turned his head sleepily.  "JARVIS! What happens if--"
Tony quietly puttered around the bedroom, packing their things.  He wanted to get Bennett's card and fucking leave. This place was toxic and he felt dirty for coming here, for making friends with these sick Alphas and learning how to manipulate omegas with their scent glands and betting on people like they were property.  It disgusted him and he wanted to go home to Malibu and take a shower, get the dirt of this awful place off him.
The man he'd been talking to quickly said, "Let 'im go, Randy, the guy's obviously a nutcase.  I'll pay for him. ...think we'd better warn Captain America about his biggest fan?"
is just what we call it-- the thing about synthesizing transuranic elements with particle accelerators is that a lot of the atoms are unstable-- hopefully the ring will stabilize them, or else I'll die, which really makes you wonder... where the fuck ass hell is my espresso, it's my last wish, you clowns, go get me some java!"
"Don't get be wrong, Steve has an incredible body.  I mean, he's drop-dead gorgeous. But he doesn't look like an omega.  How's he supposed to model omega clothes for omegas when he's like six feet tall and two hundred pounds?"
Steve pushed himself up onto his knees and then sank down onto Tony in one smooth motion, his entrance ready and wet as he took him in. He sighed in relief. After all, his body had been aching for it. "Fuck," he whispered and tilted his head black. "That's perfect."
"I dunno.  Just... be with me, I guess.  Let me drink, maybe.  I could really use more than one drink at a time, y'know?"  He sighed a little, trying to shake off the guilt unsuccessfully.
He got home around nine to find Aria sitting at the breakfast bar in the kitchen. She was nibbling on a bagel and reading the news on her tablet. "Hey, been running?" she asked with a bright smile.
"I'm not nearly drunk enough," said Tony.  "Put a few martinis into me and then we'll talk-- Oh, hi, Richards!"  A man with dark hair and a hint of salt-and-pepper around his temples had come over to shake Tony's hand.  "How's that big Project 42 going?"
Then Steve was crying out as Tony's teeth sank into the mark on the back of his neck and moments later he was coming. The pain combined with pleasure was
He reached out to run a hand over Steve's hair.  "...it's really good to have you back," he said softly.  "...I'm not gonna let you go again." He turned before Steve could answer and, as promised, returned a few moments later with a warm, wet towel.  Gently he wiped Steve's skin off, his face painted with a look of intense concentration.
"You don't want to make this difficult," Judy assured her and the woman relented, stepping back as she wrung her hands in front of her.
Tony didn't reply.  He didn't need anyone to tell him HYDRA was evil.  It was just that he didn't like seeing men get their fucking hands cut off.
"He wouldn't do that," Steve said, voice firmer than before. And the subject was immediately dropped by the girls.
Tony was vaguely aware that there was nothing Steve could do about being accidentally double-bonded but he was too manic to stop.  He vaguely remembered Pepper telling him how Alphas got aggressive during their mate's heats... well, why not? After all, there was another threat, another Alpha,
Aria made a jerking off motion with her hand and shrugged.  Steve blushed and looked down, not sure how to respond to such a brash suggestion.  Aria took the opportunity to text Pepper with one hand.
"No time.  Are you or any other SHIELD agents in New York?  I need my shield and I need you to get here now," Steve said flatly, firm tone and Natasha understood that he was words were unwavering. It was a command. Not a request. Steve didn't have time to explain right now.
"Well, I didn't come here to see him Captain. Just you. But, of course, I will be happy to say hello," Stone said with a polite smile as he took a seat. Steve sat opposite him. It was strange. He was almost expecting Stone to reach over and take his hand and talk about his feelings. There was something big brotherly about him.  Yet the overwhelming creepiness of his smell made all of the hair on Steve’s arms and neck stand up.
"...so when I went to Phillips-- that was my boarding school-- it was all Alphas.  Also all men back that.  Sons of businessmen and politicians and stuff.  Well, there was one omega there, a guy named Ty?  He was actually my friend.  I didn't really have friends because, um, you know... well, I was a lot younger than everyone there and frankly smarter and no one would really talk to me.  Ty and me were just friends because we both felt like outsiders, I guess.  Anyway, he was bullied like crazy.  And one day, after Christmas break, I went back to school and Ty was gone.  Turns out he'd been sent to, like, some private conversion camp.  This was in the early 1980s.  I dunno if it was before or after they banned arranged bonding.  And I remember thinking, thank God that's not me.  Can you imagine?  I dunno what ever happened to him."
The voice that snapped him out of it was authoritative.  Tony's eyes snapped up and he met a pair of green ones.  It was Pepper. Pepper in omega form. Pepper in a white doctor's coat.
"Oh come on," Aria said, sitting down next to him with a wriggling baby in her arms. Steve reached out a hand, and short fat fingers reached out to grab his thumb tightly. Steve smiled. "You fought in WWII!This should be a walk in the park."
Natasha was tapping away on a computer; it was a laptop that had been running on battery power, unaffected by the power outage.  "Preliminary behavioral experiments on mutants. Stuff like that. But nothing about the serum.  It's all coded.  Project Guiding Star, Project Eve... a-ha!  Project Winter!"  Natasha looked over at Tony.  "Stark. I've got a password-protected wall.  Come here, I need you."
Tony swooped low, running through one of the fountains, hoping that the water would help scramble the drones' navigation systems enough to help him out.  He made a beeline for the center sculpture: a hollow metal globe.
Another girl, also blonde, also an unbonded omega, pulled a face. "Some old guy touched my butt tonight. It was gross.  Ugh.  Aces."
Dr. Brennan looked like she was a bit unsure how to proceed with Tony in the room.  Also, understandably, she looked a bit worried about him. Tony didn't resemble Tony much.  With the full beard (which still had some dried blood in it from Tony being punched in the face), and the glasses, and the stained, baggy clothes, Tony could have easily walked down the street and been unrecognized, so long as he covered the arc reactor.  Much of Tony's look dependent on confidence and swagger, which had evaporated after the scandal in January.
Tony laughed and unzipped the front; he was only wearing an undershirt and pair of boxers under it.  "Yeah, me neither," he agreed, pulling it off and casting it aside. He ran his hands over Steve's bare chest; it was rock-hard; the muscles twitched in response to his touch and the skin got goosebumps.  He brushed a thumb over one of Steve's nipples and it pebbled immediately.
Tony and Steve stared at him from the floor; Pietro had a hand on the wall to steady himself, and was clutching his jaw; Tiberius was clutching his hand; Gleason was standing protectively over Steve; the four women were all on the floor.  Wanda had a fistful of Pepper's hair; Maria's hand was shoved into her face; Aria had somehow gotten ahold of one of Pepper's shoes and had been hacking away at Wanda's shoulder with it.
Steve looked up and he could see the shape of a man-- no, a boy-- standing over them. He did the only thing he could think to do. He tried to kick out his ankle.
He checked the clock by the bed automatically, but there was no note.  Tony felt oddly disappointed.  He didn't consider himself sentimental, not in the slightest.  But he'd tucked the previous two notes into his wallet, unable to discard them
Steve lifted his head up a fraction. "If HYDRA's so intimidated by me why haven't they just shot me already?"
"I don't want to talk about it," said Tony firmly.  He just knew Steve was probably thinking up some speech.  "Let's just move on, okay?" Tony had always preferred to deal with things by crushing them into boxes and then burying those boxes deep.
Tiberius's hand was warm on his arm and Steve smiled a little. "A little nervous, but I'll be fine once I get out there." Once the adrenaline rush hit him Steve was usually good at thinking on his feet, at least. "So, am I just answering questions or...?"
To both Tony's and several other tourist's delight, Steve pointed out a little carving on the underside of one of the tables, Falsworth's initials (JMF) and a Howling Commandos insignia.  There had been a lot of rather long, boring meetings here, in Steve's day.
This: getting bruised, dragging around heavy things... this was better than sitting around doing nothing.  Sitting around thinking about the attack in Wakanda. Better than sitting around on his ass in his mansion, watching the news, watching as yet another one of his fucking missiles killed people, sitting there and watching, detached, maybe mindlessly tuning a guitar or eating a burger like a stupid--
He heard a suddenly, soft ripping and he glanced down.  He had been clinging to Steve's shirt and managed to tear a hole in it.
"Are you kidding?  Think about all the omegas out there who are being corrupted by Steve Rogers, and how much they could benefit from getting to meet his double."  There was something sinister in the way Gene said "meet." It was clear he meant something else. "Besides, like I said. He's been running around with a lot of other Alphas since Gideon severed their bond."
Steve smiled and looked up when Tony ran his fingers through his hair. He loved the feeling of it and he'd missed it over the past two months. The touch always made a pleasant shiver run up his spine. "Maybe we could just...stay in bed, watch something? I don't know. I kind of just wanna be distracted, you know?"
. He was also looking forward to actually going out on a mission with Nat and Sam, for once; he'd trained with them for long enough. The hours flew by; Steve devoured toast and soon he had a set of plans at the back of his mind, ready to adapt to a multitude of situations if he had to.
Steve's breath hitched. But he didn't think- he couldn't think. He just moved. Before Steve knew what he was doing he was kneeling, back soldier straight and posture perfect. He ducked his head down slightly, gaze on the floor as he clasped his hands behind his back neatly. He was Captain America. But here he was, kneeling for Tony Stark because he'd asked him to. He didn't say anything. He didn't need to. His actions spoke louder than words ever could.
, Steve thought. He had spent the first half of his life too poor for hospitals and the second half too healthy.
They had food on the plane (Tony always kept his plane as well-stocked as any of his residences, because he spent so much time there) but for once Steve wasn't devouring sandwiches at lightning speed. He didn't like flying on a full stomach; it still made him nervous.  When he'd been undercover with Tony he'd had had to get used to flying pretty quickly. But Steve had hated initially. It was probably because he'd sort of died in a plane that one time and had crash landed it into the ocean... so Steve didn't really think he could do anything about the negative connotations that came with flying.  He'd never like flying as much as he once had.  That was just another small thing the war had ruined for him.
Tony fell asleep holding onto Steve, his face pressed into Steve's neck, savoring the comfort of the other man's body, every thought blissful as he drifted off.
Tony, who almost never blushed, turned red and began laughing too.  "Oh-- oh my God. I didn't mean-- I meant-- oh, fuck, man."  He bit his lip. Steve's laughter was contagious. He flopped down beside Steve, who was crying with laughter, shaking with uncontrollable giggling.  Tony was laughing too, a bit more nervously, uncomfortable with all the things he'd said.
Tony reached out and took both of Steve's hands in his.  "Steve. Look at me for a sec." Tony had to duck his head a little to catch Steve's eye; Steve was looking down.  "It's not your fault this happened. And even if it was, it doesn't matter to me now. Whatever happens, I already made my decision.  You don't get to consciously chose which mark your body accepts, and I know I'm not very dominant and... and he is. And that's okay. Because me and you chose each other,
They stopped off at a place for burgers and everyone ordered one along with a healthy portion of fries on the side. Steve ate his burger in about three seconds where as Aria just picked at her veggie patty with a look of disapproval. "They never can get it right," she muttered. Aria glanced over to Tony who was picking at his food too. "Dude, you gotta eat the whole thing. And not throw up. And then you can go inside."
I-- shit, I'm sorry, I-- I got-- caught up--"  Tony was panting, shaking, but it wasn't the same sort of fearful shivering he'd experienced earlier.  This was something else.  This was something wonderful.  "I'm sorry.  I'm sorry!" he repeated, holding up his hands.  He'd crossed a line, he knew that.  Seeing the structure of the new element... seeing Steve kneeling... it had all been too much and he'd lost control.  Steve's mouth had been warm and sweet and inviting and soft and Tony wanted to pounce on him and bite him and breed him, but consciously, he was aware that was over-emotional and that he couldn't do that.  Not to Captain America.  Not in this century.  Alphas didn't just get to get swept up in their emotions and take omegas anymore.  Steve had made it very, very clear that he didn't belong to Tony, and Tony felt embarrassment at his outburst.  Though not enough to stop being excited.  He'd done it.  He'd done it in, what... less than two hours?  Oh, the look on Fury's face would be priceless when they told him how quickly Tony had solved the riddle...
