John is at a loss about what to do until a pretty blonde nurse knocks on the exam room door and tells him Mrs Hope is here about her hemorrhoids.
“I like the sound of that; I’m pretty good at following orders Myc. Would you like me to?”
“I remember you dragged me to your club. You had files. Are these the same people?”
Smooches MJ x
Always, right from the start, the man had been able to bring John into his plans. This whole scene was so perfectly dramatic that John could just imagine Sherlock orchestrating it.
Greg dove for the glove compartment while Francis gaped at John. Greg pulled his hand out a moment later holding a small semi-automatic pistol and a cartridge of ammo.
Mitrović licked his lips before biting the bottom one hard.
John smiled sadly and pulled Mina closer still. She tucked her head under his chin and sighed slightly. Here in this room they were safe, his family. War was brewing and he had a hand in starting it but the world would be a better place. He couldn’t promise Mina a fairy tale but until the world was a little kinder he could tell her stories of true heroes and victories over villains.
“You did the books for the cartel while you were with Frank, didn’t you?”
“Yes sir, but I’m afraid I have to insist that any information you received remain embargoed until we reach the Manor.”
‘Hi Mycroft its Greg’
There is so much I wanted to experience with you John. I do not remember sober sex and the intoxicated experiences I do are more nightmares than pleasurable material to dwell on. You though John are the creature of my fantasies. You dwell there in my dreams always tempting me into unexplainable pleasure. Manipulating my body in ways I have never experienced. I trust you John. With anything. With everything.
I have once again become distracted from the original purpose of this letter John. I hope you will forgive me my meandering thoughts. Needless to say I have an evening to myself before perpetrating whatever plan I come up with to counteract the intelligence my mark does possess.
“From who?”
Tonight it was a moment of hesitation, I had a clear shot but I could not quieten the doubting voices in my mind John. It is moments like this that I miss both cocaine and you. You settled me John. Quietened the voices in my mind which are forever telling me I am wrong.
I deplore trains in this part of the world. There is a certain degree to which one can find entertainment in the behaviour of the masses but a much larger reality is to be found in the disruption the noise they create brings. I have wrapped myself within my coat, as much as I am able, as I have myself hunched into the corner of this compartment. There is no peace to be found here.
‘I appreciate the sentiment and there may be occasions where I make parenting decisions without consulting for wider opinions, but for the most part, I want her family to be involved, I can’t imagine how I would have lasted this long without Mycroft’s help and I know you maintained a distance in order to allow Mina and myself the opportunity to bond. I want to thank you both for that’ Siger moves his hand to brush off the thanks, John means them though, ‘but I want you to be involved, truly, in whichever manner Is most appropriate. I understand that it might be difficult for you, she reminds me on a daily basis of Sherlock but, if you would want to be, I see no reason why you wouldn’t be involved in every aspect of her life.’
Gregory was a very good man, Mycroft would admit to an attraction, he struck him as clever, witty and charming, his devilish smile had stroked Mycroft’s ego many times. He had yet to discover if the attraction was mutual but all his evidence suggested it was, their shared body language, conversation topics and light flirtation had been occurring for years and Mycroft liked to believe it had never progressed because of a mutual respect for the others position and their shared morality.
“I highly doubt that, Mr Mitrovic.”
UNABLE TO SLEEP.
“That may be the case John but there’s going to be a good reason for that. I trust Mycroft and if he has told Francis that he’s not allowed to tell us, well then that’s the end of that in my opinion and Gregory sweetheart I understand that you’re frustrated, I don’t pretend to understand why or how the information you just found out affects you, but if Mycroft is behind it there’s a good reason. Trust him.” Mrs. Hudson reasoned.
‘ ‘ck off ‘ate ‘m ‘sleep’ he hears the same voice let out of low chuckle from above him,
‘Donovan reporting civilian extractions complete two injuries but no fatalities.’  He hears his radio slightly over the din, he indicates to six members of his team to secure the side of the building Sally left through, they move and clear out the criminals between them and the exit, there’s a large man lumbering towards them now but between the two of them they manage to subdue him and get the zip tie around his wrists.  He indicates to Arnav to get him outside while he checks the office with two of the others; the three officers enter the room and check for individuals hiding in the corners or shadows of the room, P.C. Osborn calls clear from his right and he relaxes slightly, the office was the only place separate from the main room except the bathrooms which were by Franklin’s entrance, her team would have taken care of them as an immediate priority. He returns to the room to see three members of Franklin’s team taking down another behemoth of a man, but he appears to no longer be armed, he witnesses them wrestle him to the ground and tie both his hands and feet, it’s a technique used for the more difficult arrests but he appreciates its necessity.
‘That doesn’t matter right now Greg, she needs us.’ He looked at the older Holmes brother, saw the eyes scanning the image, the slowly dawning panic,
John dragged his fingers roughly across his eyes dislodging the tears that had acuminated. He ran after Greg when the man turned to follow Mrs Hudson again. He was shaking his head when John finally caught up grabbing his elbow to drag him a little closer. John did his best to contain his giggling; he recognised that he wasn’t very successful in his endeavour.
‘John it’s not that simple, we cannot be certain she is his, not yet.’
“Who was linked to Moriarty?” John said.
‘What?’ that distracts him, surely babies need bottles.
“So you did some thinking about what would make you happy, alright, what decision did you make?” John tried not to sound patronising, he wasn’t certain he succeeded in it.
“Christ, Mycroft.”
‘No need to thank me Captain,’ John cringes this time at the use of his former title, he doesn’t deserve it anymore. John pictures Mycroft reclining in a leather chair behind a large desk, it must be early in the morning, does the man never sleep, is that a Holmes family trait, god he hopes not, ‘John, your home contains a large portion of my family, protecting you is my duty,’ John snorts at him, typical of the man to put it down to duty but John understands him, they share this in common, valuing duty and honour above most other things.
Greg, who had been missing for most of these developments, was watching John and Mycroft with calculating eyes.
‘Well toddlers don’t require bottles; she’s capable of holding a cup or beaker. We tried her with just a plastic children beaker without a lid but she didn’t handle it very well. There are two of the no spill beakers in her bag and they’re perfectly suitable for her to use. No bottles required. You can pop them in the dishwasher too and as for food, she may not have all her teeth but she has enough for solids, you can give her fruit pieces and in general the things you eat as long as there’s no added salt. So plain foods, boiled vegetables, chicken, toast all those things are fine. For now she should have her formula twice a day and two good meals. I’ve included a list of meal ideas and snack thoughts, we give them to everyone who’s adopting.’
‘Air support this is D.I. Lestrade indicating readiness for declaration, ready to move on activation of flood lights.’ There’s a moment of silence while the helicopter circling above receives their signal.
‘Yes he was, he was four in that image, he went through a distinct pirate phase and we once spent a summer trying to build a boat’ The memory is a pleasant one, even if the resulting capsize had put him off small water vessels to this day, ‘tell me you do not see the similarities, tell me I am wrong in this.’ There's silence for a long while, John continues to soak up the picture like a drowning man, desperate for any new piece of Sherlock knowledge he can have.
Ok so we're 5 chapters in and still there's no baby but I swear next chapter, Mina will appear.
I have to say I have not felt the need to extract that particular box from its hiding place for a long time. Perhaps if you do get this letter you might dispose of it for me; you’ll find a rosewood box with a carved top at the back of my wardrobe. It has a false bottom which slides away from the main body. The small vile within contains a seven percent solution of the finest cocaine I could find in London. There’s enough inside for two hits. I must admit I do still crave the fierce bite of that liquid in my veins after the sting of a metallic needle.
John hadn’t thought about Molly in months. He glanced at Mina and wondered vaguely if he should be involving the woman in his daughter’s life. She had been one of his and Sherlock’s closest female friends after all. The thought was unrelated to anything happening around him but as his mind often did while panicked he had drifted into a calm space. His sister had once called it the eye of the storm, when John took a moment to reign in the emotions that threatened to overwhelm him.
‘I dunno but I have too, Han and Peter as well, they went home together a little while after you were whisked away. Dropped me off at home first, Mrs Heather my neighbour, the nice one with the cat, she’s looking after me, fuss and love and cats, what could be better.’
“Yes.”
‘Doctor Watson you seem a little nervous, am I right?’ He thinks he hears humour in her voice and for once it doesn’t bother him that someone may be laughing at him. Any self-conscious thoughts dissolving at the sight of the child she lays on the sofa. Now he can see her face he doesn’t think he’ll ever stop wanting to look.
He wasn’t truly aware of moving, of knocking the metal chair out from under the prisoner, of using every ounce of his strength while connecting his fist with the man’s face. He became aware of it when strong arms wrapped around his chest heaving him backwards. When he watched Anthea slam the man’s face into the table blood splattering her cream blouse.  The blood was vibrant against the plain block colour of the blouse.  He watched as the woman drew her weapon, holding it to their prisoner’s forehead.
“Yes.”
Who says dream sequences are overdone!?! :) till next time.
He tries to make it as clear as possible that Sherlock won’t move him on this because John thinks there is a chance he might try. He’s relieved when Sherlock doesn’t, he’s almost relieved when Sherlock freezes but when he sees the panic make another appearance he pulls the man into a fierce embrace.
“Happy Valentine's Love.”
Tammy stands pointing at the Star Wars section, the higher shelves are filled with detailed Lego sets and hobby craft models but further down the shelves are filled with learning toys, there’s another non-cuddly Death star which has been turned into what John thinks is a multisensory toy, when he pushes it lights flash while the theme music plays, certain sections have been made out of reflective material while others have smooth indents and waves,
Mycroft glanced quickly to John where he had halted his pacing.
“In London, I mean, you know what’s happening?”
The third year Sherlock's been dead for a while and so John doesn't know what to make of the parcel that turns up on his kitchen table accompanied by a note bearing Mycroft’s distinct style of imposing penmanship.
‘Rare flowers, especially beautiful ones such as these, can sell for thousands of pounds.’ At John’s continued looks of shock and doubt, the man explains in terms of supply and demand, some of the Orchids in this room are one of ten examples held around the world and some others are unique; John understands this point to some degree but the idea of ever becoming so enamoured with the plants to spend so much money on a single one strikes him as ludicrous. There’s a knock on the glass door back where they started their tour. The brunette from early, John remembers she said to call her Holly, stepped quickly into the room before closing the door behind her.
‘I just don't understand Greg,' John Watson, once a constant pillar of strength had clearly crumbled under the weight of his grief. Greg took note of the dark rings under his eyes, the way his clothes hung a little more loosely and most tellingly of all he couldn't help but notice the metal crutch John had been leaning on when he entered his office, Greg thinks the man seems smaller as he stares out the window to the building opposite. They had become fast friends once Sherlock introduced them and Greg had witnessed their effectiveness while working together, they had bonded over a mutual affection for the manic genius they had both known so well. But when he had lost Sherlock he had lost John as well, when they had become a package deal Greg did not know but it was so obvious the doctor had become lost without his companion. The guilt Greg felt for adding to the man's burden may have been great but he knew he would be doing the right thing, for everyone involved, even if he were to admit to himself that his actions were not entirely altruistic with their intent. John needed a mission again, something to work for, something to live for.
DRUGS
"Watson woke up. I heard her over the monitor."
The plot thickens I'm afraid. Moran arrived two Sundays ago on a chartered plane originating in Ireland and diverted by Amsterdam for an unspecified reason but reports out of the country indicate his purpose was likely the cover up of their Minister for Internal Affairs murder.
He sees the flash of panic run across Mycroft’s eyes and he thinks that maybe his risk hasn’t paid off, he was wrong to think this would be welcome. He opens his mouth to apologise, blame it on shock, blame it on anything, but Mycroft cups his face between his hands and brings their lips back together. It’s just as chaste as before, lips barely touching, Mycroft’s hands slip down his back and grasp his waist pulling him closer.
‘That’s good John, I just, I wanted to check. Look I should be going,’ Now John allows himself to feel panic, he’d not considered her leaving, she was the fountain of baby knowledge and John needed answers.
Across from me a mother nurses her newborn child while holding what looks to be a toddler so tightly I am surprised it still breathes but she does so to keep him outside the notice of our fellow travellers. They gamble and throw insults at passengers who dare to walk by and look for the source of all this commotion.
The trip round John’s local Tesco had been entertainingly novel, watching Mycroft push a trolley and exclaim over the price of milk had warmed his heart, walking behind the man and watching him stretch, exposing the true shape of his back, watching him sway his hips slightly, unconsciously emphasising his enviable backside, Greg had been so lost in his desire to stand close behind him, whisper in his ear, kiss his neck that he’d almost missed the exchange between Mycroft and the woman buying yoghurt. He’d looked up in time to see the woman, no older than thirty, throw a large pot of natural yoghurt at Mycroft, the fact the put had opened spoke both the woman’s strength and the force behind the throw, Mycroft had been decorated by the dairy product but what made Greg laugh the hardest was not the look of the bespoke suit newly decorated it was the look of pure shock on Mycroft’s face. He’d had to use the trolley as a brace while he laughed so hard he found it difficult to breath, he’d looked younger in that moment, the surprise forcing him to drop his proper persona for one so much more like Sherlock. He’d considered Greg leaning over the trolley and had quickly scooped up a hand full of the yoghurt and slapped it in Greg’s face. Greg hadn’t stopped laughing, he didn’t care if he looked moronic but being there with Mycroft had been the happiest he remembered feeling in months, since well before Sherlock had died.
“Tell me about your children, Abram? What is it, boy and girl? No, no, two girls. Separate mothers; you loved the first, not the second. Why was that, I wonder?”
“Alright, first question. When did you realise you loved him?”
John couldn’t put his finger on quite why he felt as if he’d been hit by a bus but that was the distinct impression he’d been left with.
He tries to stand but his leg gives it, he muffles the cry of pain behind his fist. Mina shifts in her sleep, her whole arm moving out towards him, her tiny fist opening and closing, he comes back to the floor and pulls himself next to the crib, how can he possibly care for her when he feels this broken, he keeps willing himself to put down his gun but he just can’t, it’s the only thing protecting them and he has to protect them. He’s let so many other people in his life down, he’s lost so many people he loves and he can’t bare the idea of losing her too.
‘I will take your silence as a no John, Gregory do you need to return to the station or are you staying for this tale? I must admit it is not a very long one.’
“I missed it though John, I missed Sherlock and he’s dead. How can you be so certain I wouldn’t miss Mina, that I wouldn’t lose her somewhere in a crowd.”
‘Excellent’ Danny stubs out his half finished cigarette while smiling broadly
Greg turned on the spot blatantly looking for the cameras. At Francis’ obvious cough he followed the man’s line of sight until he caught the slight gleam of a camera lens. He turned toward, it saluting the camera and dropping a wink for good measure. His phone vibrated once more in his hand. He cast his eye down to check the message and felt the smile on his face widen to a blatant grin.
Sherlock hushes him the moment the cab pulls away from the curb and they spend the twenty minute journey in silence and staring, which John would normally find irritating but tonight he finds highly enjoyable as he is drunk enough to indulge his impulse to stare lovingly into Sherlock’s eyes without the normal accompaniment of his brain’s constant panicked reminder that Sherlock may reject him at any moment and that his infatuation was leaving himself open to possible mockery.
HOLED UP IN FRANCE FOR A MONTH AND WATCHED THE NEWS.
‘Purple anything is good, purple bees would be cool and if you’re really going for authenticity bees don’t have cartoon human eyes either.’ The face vanishes back through the clothes ‘come along short man and well dressed daughter of man, we will find you the things you need, this way.’ John walks around the rack to see dark hair flitting around the corner of a bookcase,
All Mycroft knew was they were wrong; he had been able to tell after merely a week that everything would be different now. His mother’s moods passed in such quick succession, she became thoroughly unpredictable, screaming in French at his father, throwing her equipment across rooms, staring out the bedroom windows longingly but never wanting to leave the room. She refused to be left alone with her children, screamed at Siger to remove them when the nursery maid brought them to see her in those first few days. Mycroft was confused, where had his mother gone and why was the woman so mad now, why didn’t she want to see him. What had he done wrong? He had told his father, who had taken to spending most afternoons with Sherlock in the greenhouse,  that he thought someone had magically removed his mummy’s happiness and Mycroft remembered his father telling him that they just had to try extra hard to make everything perfect for her and then maybe her happiness would come back.
‘It’s a lovely name.’
Paying for his order and leaving a tip Greg head back to his office contemplating the effect Sherlock could have had on Project poppy, in 3 months his team had taken down four drug cartels, seven brothels, one human trafficking ring and most notable in his mind saved twenty innocent men, women and children from being held by the criminals they’d apprehended, he may hold Mina’s rescue as something special to him on a personal level but professionally leading this team and this project was making him feel like a real police officer again, Sherlock he thought would have both loved and hated the experience, the plotting, planning and execution of the take downs would have been his version of heaven but revisiting his past was never something Sherlock thrived at. It had taken a year to realise that nearly every case involving a drug den, every case before John anyway, had caused a panic attack the day after, sometimes they’d still be in the middle of write up when Sherlock would melt down, rushing off to smoke on the roof and throw insults at anyone who went after him,  his trigger seemed to involve being in the houses or warehouses where the products were produced but Greg couldn’t be sure, since realising he’d only involved Sherlock in drug cases when absolutely necessary and he’d even been reluctant with those before John. The difference he thought was that after John, Sherlock wouldn’t rush to the roof, he’d rush to Baker Street, he wouldn’t tell John he knew but he’d allow the army doctor to fuss him more than usual and it had made Greg happy to see someone care for him.
‘Wait there’s more’
She’s stunning, so stunning, her hair falling longer than Sherlock kept his it forms looser curls than he was expecting. She has the high cheekbones and bow shaped mouth he recognised so clearly but her colourings are a little different. She’s pale, to a near ghostly level and his concern flies immediately to her health, but her breaths are even and there is a little colour in her cheeks. Her hands are tiny, her fingers even smaller than he'd expected, why did no one ever think to talk about how cute baby fingernails were, they were so small, so dainty, he thought she looked a little like a doll, that thought terrified him, how was he to care for something so delicate. He doesn’t realise he’s shaking till someone presses a hand to his shoulder.
John does not mean to say it. Does not mean to threaten Greg but there is something in the way the newly single Detective Inspector is watching Sherlock play a game of pool against Sally that has John’s blood boiling. He is after all a man and Sherlock is his. Everybody knows that. Well perhaps everyone but Sherlock.
‘Dinner sounds delightful, please lead the way’, Violet slips her hand onto John’s arm as the pair leave the drawing room, his mother had pushed for the formal dining room to be arranged and Mycroft had felt no great desire to oppose her wishes, it did mean they would be four eating at a table suitable for twelve but he supposed his staff would have found a way to make the space less imposing.
‘My wife will be impressed, she’s rather fond of astronomy, could never get Sherlock to give two figs about the universe though, although I suppose you already know that.’ John remembers the conversations, when he was first being accustomed to the idea of mind palaces and Sherlock’s ability to delete information he found uninteresting or unimportant. He imagined it must have been a point of contention between mother and son however if she’d been found on the topic. Certainly his mother had taken issue with his disinterest in mechanics, the rest of the men in the family taking jobs in the area while he wanted to be a doctor. ‘My wife, Violet, you’ll meet her in a minute, she’s rather eager to meet young Mina.’ John already knew this, that was the purpose of the evening after all,
“The Prince went to fight the Dragon all alone because he loved the Knight and he didn’t want him to get hurt. The Dragon knew though, he knew all their secrets and he told the Prince that if he didn’t go with him he would hurt the Knight. The Prince didn’t want to go but he had to save the Knight because the good guys always fight for love.”
‘Mina honey who’s this?’ Tammy is pointing at John now ‘Who’s this sweetie?’ the three of them watch her like a hawk while she returns to sucking her fingers,
‘I’m thinking we should wake her up and do introductions, I’ll stay for a little while, help you get her settled and then we’ll see how you do on your own, Dad.’ The smile on her face is genuine and he feels himself return it. The news that’s waiting for him in the manila folders she bought might dampen this moment and he doesn’t want that. He wants to meet her for the first time just seeing her and not all the terrible things that might drive him to revenge.
This is in fact the second chapter of this little fic outing but I thought i'd say hello now. I've managed to fix this so it appears in the series (hopefully cutting out any confusion) in the timeline of All of Me this run's alongside the first fic starting four months after Sherlock jumped off the roof of Saint Bart's.
The memory of his grief hit him so hard in that moment he had to hang up the phone, forcing it into it's cradle with more force than was truly necessary, he bent double having to pull in deep breaths of air just to stave off the overwhelming feelings of nausea sweeping his body. This farce could not be real, this child, whatever it was, it was a trick and yet he failed at repressing the smallest slither of hope. The desperation not to have lost his brother compleatly, but it could not be, he knew that this was something else, something dangerous. ‘Anthea!’ the volume of his voice surprised him, the high notes of panic and potentially feelings of shock more so.
‘Mycroft explained but that wasn’t my reason for mentioning it, she can be quite forceful when she wants to be, Violet, I love her dearly but she’s not an easy woman. No, I wanted to mention it because I want you to understand that you can say no.’ John’s shocked, having spent near enough an hour in Siger’s company he fails to imagine a situation where he wouldn’t want Mina to know him. ‘I want you to understand that this is your choice, we will not force ourselves upon you, you are doing something rather wonderful in raising her and we wouldn’t want to interfere. She is primarily your daughter Doctor Watson and as such you have final say about those allowed to be in her company.’
Looking back to the house he realised the greenhouse would be mostly obscured from the positioning of the table and chairs; there was a chance Mycroft had failed to see the glow while they were together. But who was inside the building. Mrs Hudson was still enforcing her lesson about making a good impression but John had stopped listening for the most part.
‘I am not comfortable but such emotional scenes, I am sure this is no surprise to you but all the same I should explain that it is worse with my mother. Her emotions have such extremes, she is sometimes so very out of control and I have a strong dislike for such illogical reactions. This evening for example, she knew all of that information and yet still, that was her reaction. It is impossible to have a serious conversation with her when she is like this.’ Mycroft is breathing heavily after the outburst, his voice has risen by such a degree that John is glad his mother’s bedroom is at the back of the house.
“You owe me nothing Gregory.”
Do you still wish that John? Do you still wish for me to return. I had hoped that perhaps by Christmas I would be able to contact you. That enough time would have passed and the lens that was upon you would have shifted but I know it has not. You are still in so much danger John. I fear for you more than myself most days. My surveillance, such as it is, is lacking in technology but I have over heard conversations and intercepted communications that relate to the continued monitoring of yourself, Lestrade and now my Brother. Their interest in Mycroft grows everyday that he is seen to be responsible for my actions. I have realized that they have placed the blame upon him for the disruption in their enterprise and I fear I am grateful for this John. I think it may prove useful to me in this instance for as much as I worry for my brother's safety the longer I can keep the attention away from myself, the longer I can move within the shadows of these organisations, the more likely It is that I will finish them and be able to return home to you.
In the past these were the moments he’d fill with his blog, he honestly misses the writing, reliving the thrill of his and Sherlock’s adventures seemed to extend their longevity in his mind, even skimming the documents list on his laptop he realises three quarters of those listed are his notes about certain cases or adventures. A good number of these had never made it onto the blog for one reason or another, Mycroft had interrupted on a few occasions and demanded her not publish for national security.
‘Report’ his voice comes out in a croak but he clears it quickly, the second time its clearer if still watery, ‘Report’.
They both looked down at Mina. Cradled as she was, she had actually managed to work her thumb between her lips this time, she lay sucking it quietly.
Siger had gone to inform the staff of the changed number to their party while John volunteered to go in search of Mycroft, Siger had seemed reluctant to John’s suggestion but acquiesce when John promised not to disturb him if he found him working. But Sherlock’s brother didn’t appear to be working, if John didn’t know the man better he would have said he was daydreaming.
Sherlock tilts his head at John’s expression as they pull on to Baker Street and John sighs because he may be drunk but he’s no fool and he is not about to fall all over Sherlock in a cab, or in their living room for that matter, not when he has never received any indication his efforts would be welcome.
‘How about the part where I’m now to be responsible for another human being? I know nothing about children? How am I supposed to raise one? How am I supposed to love someone when I can’t even love myself? You haven’t even told me how you now know she’s his? How Mycroft? You can’t swan in here and demand I change my life because you suddenly have someone else you need me to care for!’
‘I’ll hold you to that’ Greg grins in response to Mycroft’s, they’re stood here, Greg with his trousers mostly undone, shirt slightly stained with his release and Mycroft, one hand slightly damp from bringing Greg off, tie askew and hair dishevelled. Greg reckons that If he could look into a mirror at this moment he’d find his neck covered in tiny marks, he thinks he can feel them branding his skin, it’s a good thing no one else will be seeing him shirtless any time soon or there’d likely be questions, but there’s only one question Greg needs an answer to at this moment,
"It's raining." Sherlock answered.
John smiles and follows him out of the greenhouse, once they're outside John’s surprised by how dark it’s become, he surreptitiously checks his watch and realises they passed near enough three quarters of an hour examining the plants, they walk across the lawn at a gentle pace, John wonders what the garden looks like in the day light or the summer, he imagines it to be a great place for entertaining. Mycroft most likely holds grand gatherings complete with servers and pristine white marquees but he thinks the place would be perfect for a barbecue and bonfire party, he hasn't thrown anything of the sort since being a teenager and the memories of well spent summers  make him silently glad for his slightly rougher upbringing than he imagines the Holmes family provided Mycroft and Sherlock, he can’t imagine the lithe and graceful teen in the photo albums he found spending summer holidays playing football in the park and invading the woods to have bonfires. He hopes at least that Sherlock had friends but everything he knows would suggest not.
The brunette smiles brightly at him over her shoulder, John thinks under the right circumstances he may once have tried flirting with her, the idea doesn’t appeal to him presently however,
‘Sir,’ It’s Sally this time, she’s crying again, ‘Sir, you were the closest to her, she looks up to you, you should be there when she wakes up, go on let them see you and take you to the hospital.’ Devin is waving his hands to attract the paramedics who’ve been left behind, two of them coming over at a jog,
“No, there’s at least four. These were easy to find, Moriarty almost highlighted them for us announcing their arrivals on Baker Street.”
The series will continue with a series of timestamps before the next installment. The first is already written and involves our favorite uncle taking his niece to the zoo.
“That sounds good. Thank you for this, Mycroft.”
She was a sight to behold amongst the ladies of Society, as she still liked to call them; she shone brightly with her French wit and the accent she pulled out for special occasions. It would never do for those same said women to know she had long ago adapted to living in the Yorkshire countryside with the adoption of a more genial British enunciation. The family still opened the Manor grounds once a year to hold to local village summer fete, his mother had taken to running a stall for the local children to decorate macaroons, unable to resist her little piece of French heritage.
He watched her now navigate the clutter with practiced ease, he wondered If Mina was responsible for more or less mess than Sherlock used to make, certainly the Kitchen was clearer.
‘Come on Tammy I told you it was one time,’ she’d come to stand next to him at some point during his recollections, she’d lost the puppy face but he determined one was even worse in John’s opinion,
‘Lock.
She had proceeded to look him over once, cup his face in her hands and declare Gregory to be her patient for the duration of his stay, Mycroft had objected, going as far as using John’s impending visit as a reason for her to keep her distance. Of course she had insisted she was perfectly able to do both before she pushed her way past him into his bedroom. So he had left her to her ministrations safe in the knowledge his staff were on hand to prevent his mother from becoming too enthusiastic in her care. He wouldn’t have put it past her to try shaving the man’s face or washing his hair.
The rest of the day is spent finishing the reports he’d started earlier, while he’s finishing the one that concerns Mina he decides to call John when he finishes work, he’s wondered about the little girl today. It concerned him that she’d been so scared of him; he hoped the response wouldn’t last. It had made it all the worse when she’d taken so readily to Mycroft, not that he was jealous of the man having a relationship with his niece but he’d held her so naturally he’d felt a deep pull of something in his gut that made him uncomfortable. He knew his friends were still mourning the loss of their friend and brother but seeing their easy love of this girl made him miss the warm looks he’d grown used to receiving from the elder Holmes brother. He understood that there were few people on the planet that knew the softer Mycroft Holmes, he was glad he got to see the man share it with someone new, someone new that all three of them would all hold precious.
‘JOHN!’ a large crash accompanied Tammy’s greeting, the noise came from a story above where John knew the woman kept the extra stock and her assortment of grown up fancy dress options, the disorder the space was infested with had done a number on his self control the first time he’d helped her move stock so he’d avoided returning for his own stress levels. A second crash had him handing his wide eyed daughter across to Mrs Hudson and climbing the spiral stair case;
“The traditional list goes paper, cotton, leather, flowers. The modern starts with clocks.” John steps around the desk and places a closed lip kiss to Sherlock's cheek.
“Don’t you dare apologise, John.”
Let me know what you think my dears and I'll see you soon!
“Why isn’t it?”
He looked up to ask John where the dress had come when he realised no one in the room was talking, both adults were stood staring between the kitchen table and himself while he held the white dress, had he overstepped the social boundaries on this occasion, it was highly possible, by attempting to offer aid perhaps he had once again managed to imply John was somehow lacking.
Currently in Germany listening to American tourists exalt the virtues of a real Christmas experience. Dull.
He set himself up as advised; in the back bedroom of the first floor, he called Mycroft again while searching out a wardrobe to save his suit from insurmountable wrinkles.
‘Greg it’s not possible, why are you doing this? Do you feel bad or something? Is this some kind of joke? Is it Donovan?’ Greg noticed the twist of hatred that covered the doctor's face at the use of his sergeant's name, Greg thinks it is odd how when the results had come through Donovan had made no comment, she had said nothing, her face had been a mask of shock. She had tried handling the girl herself when they had found her hidden behind that cabinet, one of the other children admitted to hiding her when specific clients had come into the derelict building, but the young child had fought so hard against Donovan's grip that she had been forced to hand her over quickly to P.C. Osborn who had pulled the girl against her chest and held her tight while they exited the building.
Anthea shifted her weight from one foot to the other, Mycroft cast a glance over her and noted twin reasons for her discomfort; something significant had been said but she was also uncomfortable with her own actions. A quick glance at their detainee showed the obvious injuries, but the way he was shifting his weight from his left side suggested damaged ribs -  Anthea had gone further, provoked by Mitrović’s statements no doubt.
“I’m still not seeing the link to Mina, Mycroft,” John said.
‘Who’s a very attractive man Mrs Hudson?’ John rejoins them in the kitchen with Mina balanced on his hip. His niece, who normally smiles when she sees him, presses her face further into Johns jumper as he starts assembling her bottle, he wants to offer to take her so the job will be easier for John but from the death grip she’s got on her jumper and the look of tiered concern on John’s face he’s better off staying silent.
Code Zero.
“Alright so maybe dating is the wrong word.”
‘Watson, you with us?’ he manages to croak in response to the question, his throat raw with thirst, it’s like the worst match day hangover he’s ever known, buzzing in his head, nausea, a dull throbbing all over his body, he starts to feel the heat of the room, the dull humidity in the air, he wills his arm to move to push the sweat dripped stands of hair off his face.  ‘Come on mate, need to get you up, can’t have you in here all day’ He feels strong hands taking his wrist, checking a pulse?
When he’d found her in that place, hiding behind a rat infested cupboard he’d sworn to himself he’d look after her, she was so young, the youngest they’d found so far and there was so much wrong with someone so small, precious and innocent being somewhere so full of the smells of death. The idea of her witnessing half the activities they’d already known had taken place in the den made him feel physically sick and all that was before he learnt her parentage. His sadness had only increased as he imagined informing Mycroft of his niece’s existence, he knew he’d blame himself for her condition and for her having lived without their influence for so long.
He takes strides to be on the same side of the desk as Mycroft, they’re both by the window now, the sun slowly setting over the lush green grounds beneath them,
All Greg can do is laugh, he hears Mycroft join him, his tension ebbs away shortly and he thinks this might be why he loves this man, he loves him and it hits him so hard he loses his breath. There’s silence on the other end as Mycroft composes himself, the image of him sitting behind his desk smiling does odd things to Greg’s heart.
‘Alright then, excellent. See you in half an hour?’ John asks while checking the wall clock hanging above the coat rack, he’d moved it there once it became obvious having it on the feature wall made it a target for Sherlock once he entered a sulk.
They sat in silence then, Greg’s only answer to his question was a sigh followed by a mug of coffee placed in front of John that he did not want. Why couldn’t he just leave? There was no reason for him to be here. He could leave, before Mycroft arrived and they had yet another awkward encounter. John wasn’t drunk this time. He wouldn’t throw another punch, even if it hadn’t connected with him, Mycroft’s reaction, holding him up when he lost balance, pouring him into a car and having him driven home, didn’t make John any more eager to face the elder Holmes glinting eyes. They’d all let Sherlock down, every one of them, but Mycroft with all his connections, how could Mycroft not have saved him, how could he not have stopped this, John just couldn’t understand it. But he could leave; he could stand up right now and walk out of the station. This situation didn’t concern him and he wouldn’t add anything to the conversation, he had no theories, no ideas, his brain was a veritable soup of stray thoughts and images but nothing concrete, nothing to help solve this mystery.
He falls asleep at some point between dawn and full blown morning, the four men are still standing guard at either end of the hallway, he looks across to see Hannah Franklin and Peter Devin resting against each other, Hannah has her head on Peter’s shoulder, the embrace is almost intimate and Greg looks away to award them some privacy, they’d be wonderful together If they ever worked it out. Sally has her knees pulled up on the chair, half turned so she’s looking towards Greg with her head leaning against the wall. He looks at the wall clock and realises it’s been three hours since they arrived, Samantha had been rushed to emergency surgery but they hadn’t told them anything else at the time.
COCAINE
The detective inspector chose to answer,
He takes the stairs quickly and only stops for a moment before opening the front door wide. A young brunette stands on the front steps, her smart casual suit and badge make it easy to deduce this is Lisa. Not to mention the presence of a head of dark curls popping over the edge of a blanket. He stands for a moment simply staring before realising she’s got a bag at her feet and he’s blocking the door. Grabbing the bag he moves aside;
“Don’t you dare apologise, if you even try I swear I will punch you in the nose.”
“There’s something travelling from the East killing off member’s of our syndicate. Dismantling as it goes. We want you to make this to stop.”
‘Yeah I’m ok, I was worried though and those men whisked you off and all the other ones would tell us was that you were going to a friend who would look after you. Where the hell are you? Do I need to come rescue you?’
‘Well no, I don’t think so. I went in yesterday to see the team and catch up. Write up’s being done, but once the fatalities were reported, it got moved department. The whole team is giving statements, and it’s looking like they’re setting up for an inquest. However, it would be into individual team member actions and not my leadership. The terrible thing is, I can see them pinning it on Summers, and I don’t want that.’
The silver pocket watch was an antique and John was surprised it still worked but work it did, minute hand was a little fast but still it ticked.
‘Sir, do you mind if I join you?’ Danny’s followed him outside and Greg only just stops himself from jumping in response to his near noiseless approach.
‘Who called in the codes?’
“Mycroft, I wouldn’t want to impose.”
‘Hey Lestrade,’ Danny one of the younger recruits on his team walks through Greg’s door causing the liquid heat he’d been allowing to fill his veins to retreat, definitely not professionally to remember your sex dream at work ‘Sally wants to know if you’re coming with us for lunch? We figured we’d hit Samuel’s if there’s enough of us’  he has to clear his throat before answering and even so he’s not completely convinced he sounds normal,
Mycroft nodded again before moving to the drinks cabinet to fix three tumblers of ruby red liquor. Mrs. Hudson had dissolved into silent tears, her handkerchief pressed to her face muffling any noise, while Greg looked a little shell shocked. But John, John was royally pissed.
‘Are you alright Gregory?’ his voice is soft and he still won’t raise his head to meet Greg’s eye,
Denise grabbed his arm as he made to pass her through the doorway.
John thought back to that first dinner at Angelo’s, about Sherlock running out of the restaurant. John couldn’t think of a circumstance where he wouldn’t have followed him. Maybe it was some form of test. Only the people who accepted and appreciated the work were allowed in Sherlock’s little world. Perhaps if that man, Sherlock’s date (John did his best to squash the wave of jealousy the attacked his brain), if that man had just followed him, had taken some initiative and chased after Sherlock, maybe he would never have met John, never needed a flat mate and then, where would John be? Sherlock had changed his entire life. He had made it whole. John didn’t want to imagine a world where that meeting never took place.  If he was honest with himself he didn’t know if he would have lasted another month in that dingy bedsit without finally putting a bullet through his brain.
Greg grinned in response before pointing out an empty bench not far from them. They could wait it out while Mrs Hudson shopped to her heart’s content. John had already handed off his shopping to one of the agents after a great deal of furrowed brows had been exchanged between himself and Francis, the new head of Mina’s detail. He couldn’t get used to their presence but had to admit not having to cart around a pushchair and Christmas shopping was a nice pay off for the weirdness factor.
‘Yes Mr Lestrade, I am, but I have to admit for once you have caught me by surprise, I had not anticipated or expected a call. Although I assure you it is not unwelcome,’ he repressed the question that lingered on his tongue, it had become instinctual through the years of their contact to ask what disaster his brother was responsible for, he had missed the camaraderie between himself and the Detective Inspector over his brother’s antics. Mycroft missed his brother more however missed his sneer, condescension and the pure love he had felt every time Sherlock had laughed in his presence, even at his expense.  It had been four months, four months of grey and grief. Losing the only soul Mycroft had always loved had destroyed whatever hold on sentiment he had maintained. There would have been no point without Sherlock.
“I would feel very frustrated, I assure you, Gregory.” Mycroft entered the room in time to hear and take note of his potential lover’s diatribe. “Believe me when I tell you that I am sorry, I am sorry our case has taken precedence and I am sorry that you will be left unsatisfied in the delivery of this justice.”
‘What no, no you can’t, Mycroft will be here in a few minutes John, and then we need to decide what to do with her.' Greg rose from his seat behind the desk, he moved towards the door as if he could block John if he really wanted out, 'Come on you can't leave, just stay and listen, and then, then maybe you can meet her. You could look after her John.’
‘The man you caught is a criminal known in most circles as Mr. Red,’ Greg snorts at the name, what is this some second rate detective show from the eighties, Mycroft spares his a short look as one corner of his mouth hints slightly at a smile, ‘Perhaps clichéd for a member of a Russian mob but stand assured he responsible for great acts of evil, you did the world a service Gregory, I could not be more sorry that two of your team members had to pay such a high price for a little more peace in the world.’ The words shouldn’t make him feel any better, nothing’s changed, but Mycroft’s voice does calm him, his mind feels more settled when he’s in the man’s presence. He moves to a crouch in front of Mycroft’s chair, his hand reaching out to capture the younger mans and bring it to his lips. Mycroft’s smile grows slightly but it still doesn’t reach his eyes. Mycroft shifts forwards in his seat to run strong fingers through his hair, the look he wares is full of what Greg identifies as adoration, he's flawed once again at this man's capacity to make him feel wanted,
He ends up with his back to the wall, gun clenched in his hand but he knows now that it wasn’t real, none of it and he hates himself, she would have been so scared to wake up and see him holding a gun, he looks across the dark room, illuminated only by the bee nightlight, Act II of Swan Lake plays over its small speaker, he can see a reflection of his face in the mirror of the dressing table Mycroft insisted she needed, the face that looks back is pale, the rings under its eyes dark. He can see sweat streaming down his face and as he watches he sees his right eye twitch, his shoulder’s screaming at him, the injury to his leg a less severe throbbing but it still makes him feel debilitated.
‘Night Tammy, we’ll see you in the morning. You can help me stay calm about meeting Sherlock’s folks in the evening.’ He tries his winning smile but he knows something’s missing from it. He watches his new friend wander down Baker Street before forcing himself to bed. Best get as much sleep as he can, who knows what tomorrow would bring.
“Alright, so provide him with your second weapon.”
‘King Arthur? Wow I’m impressed’
Agreement still holds.
Sherlock calls him a tease and John chuckles in response when Sherlock starts pressing the plastic buttons through their corresponding eyes on his checked shirt. He feels a flare of anxiety when Sherlock uncovers his scar and closes his eyes when the man leans forward to kiss it.
Greg nodded before his phone went off. He turned back to the front before answering.
Mycroft couldn’t hold back his scoff of disbelief.
John manages to get Sherlock out of the way when the female officer throws a punch. The Constable’s fist connects solidly with John’s left cheek however and sends him crashing to the floor at Sherlock’s feet.
“I realised at the pool. I think I feel in love with him earlier but I knew then. In that moment when I thought we were going to die the last thing I wanted to do was lie to myself.”
‘We best save John then, preferably before she provides him with enough escargot and bouillabaisse to have him smelling of garlic for a month.’  It was more the use of such a serious tone that led to Mycroft’s own bark of amusement in response to his Fathers statement.
I love you John. I always will and I miss you so much. I am walking through the fields of a hidden war and I am doing it for you. To keep you safe because despite my best efforts you remain at the forefront of my mind.
He hears Mina stir behind him and he prays she doesn’t wake up, he wouldn’t be able to sooth her while holding the gun. He has to move, his leg doesn’t want to support him but he manages to bring himself to standing. He half falls forward as he tries to walk but catches himself on the door frame. He sees the emergency mobile Mycroft had stashed in every room of the house. It’s an old Nokia, one of those bricks you used to get when mobile phone technology was something new and exciting, the ones that look nearly indestructible. He grabs it up, the damn things on silent in the bedrooms but the idea is for them to call out not accept calls. He pulls the door to behind him before taking a seat on the top step, he stretches his leg as much as possible before it seizes.
“Well, he had an Irish accent, but had been living in New York for a time so it had a little hint of that too. He was gruff and rather unpleasant, terrible manners really, worse than my Frank’s. He used to chew on tooth picks and spit them all over my floor.”
There were many things Sherlock didn’t care about. Murder between adults, fraud, theft but he had never been able to stomach abuse, cruelty was not in his nature no matter what anyone said.  John knew that. So how could have a child that had existed in such a place and experienced things that made John's stomach turn. Could it be possible he didn’t know though. Could he have fathered a child and never realised.  God he might have, she’d been found in a drug den, if the mother had been a user, she could have met Sherlock on the streets, any number of ways, could have had a child and never found him. He’d become famous though, he’d become a national treasure for a short period, ‘the detective with a funny hat’, his picture was everywhere. Surely the mother would have come forwards then. Surely. He was about to make this point when he looked once more at the picture. The girl was small, inky black curls framing her face, eyes too big for her face looked straight at the camera, the precise shade and shape he remembered Sherlock’s being. He could see it now.He'd been staring at this picture for so long but he hadn't really seen it till now,
From there the team moves on automatic, their presence is declared and Greg’s team breaks down the front door, they deploy smoke cover but as predicted they draw attention and fire, they swarm the chemical preparation area at the front of the building while Greg notices the other two teams entering from the sides, Donovan identifies the civilians easily and makes her move.  He loses sight of Franklin when some of the fighting intensifies, the drug producers and those users engaging with the police may be unorganised but there’s a mob presence here they didn’t know about, they were identifiable by their clothing and their abilities with guns.  The noise is oppressive, gun fire, hand to hand combat and more shouting than could ever be appreciated by anyone not experienced in raids, he and Arnav take down two men making their way towards Donovan’s team, the rest of the forward assault are making arrests and gathering criminals to take them out the vans which will have drawn up outside,
Hello lovely readers!
Greg’s mobile starts to ring in the silence, John watched the man scramble through his pockets till he found it. Greg greeted Sally and listened in silence while she yelled down the phone clearly annoyed.
“I know the basics, sir, but I’ve not been briefed yet. That has to happen in a secure location.”
‘Yes’
Here it is beautiful readers (old and new *waves*)
‘Fine but if it interferes with anything I won’t thank you Mycroft.’
“It would appear so, Mitrović seemed to be under the impression the attacks were being carried out under my orders, as revenge for Sherlock.”
They wandered aimlessly for a while longer before Mrs Hudson drifted to look at Christmas gifts and Greg started rolling his shoulders in a way John interpreted as them getting tired. Mina remained small for her age but all the same Greg had been carrying her for near enough an hour, hardly comfortable for anyone let alone a man working the hours Greg Lestrade did.
‘Oh, um, yes, yes I do’ he waits for the young man to light up but he just stands there his arms wrapped tightly across his chest, he seems nervous, Greg thinks he might be about to be asked for Sally’s number or relationship status or something just as awkward already preparing a speech about how fraternizing amongst team members is risky and how Sally is older than him, ‘I forgot mine in the office, can I borrow one?’ Greg reaches for his packet and after Danny selects one he holds up his lighter while the young man pulls in a mouthful of the smoke, he splutters on the exhale and Greg wonders if they’re stronger than he’s used to, he’s been meaning to cut down on the tar, he likes the ones he’s shared with Mycroft on occasion, they leave him with a smoother taste than the ones he’s used to.
‘Sir it’s like one thirty we’re pretty much leaving now’
If people actually glowed when they were happy Greg reckons Danny might be bright right now, he smiles more broadly relieved that the awkwardness is over. It’s always good for people to know where they stand with their colleagues and now he can keep and eye on him and make sure no one outside the department ever acts inappropriately, he’s never stood for it and that won’t change now.
MOVED FROM FRANCE TO SPAIN. 'INTERVIEWED' THREE INFORMANTS. GATHERED INFORMATION ABOUT MORIARTY'S COMMAND GROUP. LEARNT THAT ASSASSINS WERE STILL IN LONDON. GREW FRUSTRATED. STARTED BARE KNUCKLE BOXING TO EARN MONEY. BEAT A MEMBER OF THE ROYAL FAMILY. FLED COUNTRY. STILL NO INVESTIGATING.
The last part of the question, or more statement, Mycroft thought was loud enough to draw notice, sure enough the music coming from the downstairs flat quietened. He had hoped to discuss the situation with John and Gregory without Mrs Hudson so he could judge exactly what her attitude to children would be, without the pressure of an audience, he supposed that option was now no longer available.
I hope you have not disposed of him John. I will be most put out if you have.
“He wanted to live with the Knight but the Knight didn’t know why because the Knight didn’t see himself the way the Prince did. The Knight didn’t think he was brave anymore but the Prince knew differently. He took the Knight with him on his adventures and they climbed buildings and fought monsters and became the very best of friends. But they both had a big secret. It was so big that the Knight didn’t even know he knew it!”
‘Mina, we will have to make a list,’ his declaration was met by a toothy grin and the piece of toast joining the mess on the floor. ‘Mrs Hudson will not thank me if I don’t clean up after us so you’re going to have to sit in the lounge and play for a few minutes little lady, then we will make our list and head out into the world.’  The text he’d received from Anthea, when her contact had been added to his phone he had no idea, said the pushchair would be arriving at 8:30, it was now just after eight and John reckoned once he’d cleaned the kitchen some they’d be ready to go. Apart from her hands Mina had proved herself to be quite a clean eater, holding the spoon seemed to fascinate her but she was more than happy to eat porridge from her fingers and as long as she was eating John thought he could teach table manners later.
‘Arnav and Franklin made the code sir’
‘Yes’
Code Zero.
“They didn’t need him after Sherlock arrived but Terry maintained his cover to keep contact with this man, Sebastian. “
Danny seems shocked, his mouth hangs open slightly and Greg translates the stunned look into surprise at his abruptness and decides to let the young man catch up before saying anything else.
“I don’t just trust people John.”
‘Well what a tool that man is! Honestly dismissing John in such a way, he’ll make a fine father, you will love and nothing some small man says will change that.’ If looks could kill John thinks the one Mrs Hudson is aiming at the ceiling would cause some serious damage to the social worker, ‘And he rifled through so many things, look at this mantelpiece, nothings as it should be, oh I could have smacked him.’
“I dunno; most of them involve Sherlock in some way.”
‘Come on Mycroft, I’ve just had two of your highly trained security team effectively checking for monsters, nightmares, ghouls or ghosties, I knew there was no one here but I couldn’t stop myself from panicking.’  Silence on the other end of the phone.
“Yes.”
“This young man was a born villain, you see; serpentine in his cunning and seemingly an arachnid in his production of traps he wove a web to enslave those that would overthrow his growing empire. By seventeen he had committed his first murder; poisoned a young man before a swimming outing,” Mitrović said.
Your Sherlock
“Well, that’s bloody great. Has he cottoned on to Mina?”
“I take it they’re not,” Greg asked. Mycroft smiled lightly but shook his head.
VODKA
“But what about when Frank went to trial? Terry was nowhere to be found.”
“Nope.”
Danny’s opening his mouth to speak when Greg simply states, ‘You shouldn’t date Donovan you know, I mean it’s not that there’s anything wrong with her. She’s lovely and maybe that’s why you like her, but believe me getting involved with someone you work with so closely won’t be good, the MET doesn’t like it for one thing and while I’m a bit more lenient than some of the other D.I.’s I really don’t think it’s a good idea.’
John shrugs, ‘I’m happy here, it’s not so cold.’
‘In that case you simply must call me Violet; I hope you are ready for dinner John it seems Mycroft’s planning left little time for socialising before our meal, but perhaps you  intend to stay afterwards for drinks,’
NO COCAINE
“You’re talking about something akin to declaring war, Gregory, people will die.”
The main course was accompanied by Siger’s tales of growing up in the countryside and his rejection of the family plan, he had never wanted to be a politician, had no desire to hold any power, his two brothers had done slightly better for themselves in his grandfather’s eyes but  none of them had shown much of a desire for a life outside of their chosen professions, Mycroft saw the flash of recognition in John’s eyes when his father laughed at how they’d all referred to themselves as being ‘married to their work’.
‘Please’ his voice is soft, if they weren’t pressed together so tightly Greg is sure Mycroft wouldn’t hear him, but as it is he does. A hand dips into the open front of his trousers, gripping his penis through his cotton boxers, Greg moans in a combination of shock and lust; he missed Mycroft opening his trousers somewhere between the biting kisses and the dominant demands, he’d do anything in this moment to keep Mycroft pressed against him, his hand rubbing insistently through Greg’s boxers, he can’t help rocking his hips into the movement, feeling himself finally moving closer to orgasm. He wants to show Mycroft how much he wants him, how much his body is aching for his touch, has been since long before he woke up in the man’s home. He feels himself mumbling slightly into the man’s neck, telling him he’s close, just a little more and he’ll be coming. He thinks he might be begging now, a quiet litany of ‘please’, ‘Mycroft’ and ‘harder’  slipping past his lips  between breathy moans. His face is pressed into the younger mans neck, he’s surrounded by Mycroft’s scent, it’s woody, rich and intoxicating, he wants to move his head so he can capture the man’s lips but he’s utilising all of his energy to stay standing in this position.
He had told her everything, she had believed him and the nanny had been fired later that day. Two days past and Mycroft believed the matter to be over, his mother had started to pay more attention to Sherlock, she was not how he remembered but she was around and it meant the family made no moves to hire a new nanny and so when his Grandfather called him into his father’s office he imagined it had more to do with his two days of missed tutoring rather than the nanny incident.
Sherlock opened his eyes and watched as John shifted his weight between his legs and hears him sip his tea, Sherlock reached out and gently traced the thin white scar on the inside of John's left thigh.
“Yes, little Dove, its coming up.
Lisa laughed when John winked at her. ‘They’re pretty cute, have they been doing this dance long?’
‘It is very kind of you to offer John but I have albums similar to this at my home, my mother goes through phases of interest in certain pastimes, a few years ago it was photo albums and she made two for both of us. I’m not sure what the third one could be but perhaps a notebook rather than something containing photographs? I fail to imagine Sherlock continuing our mother’s diversions.’
They talk about passing thoughts while Greg processes the fact he’ll apparently be sharing Mycroft’s bed while the man isn’t here. Greg remembers waking up in Mycroft’s bedroom on the estate; he remembers the rich masculine scent that permeated the very air of the room. The smell was less pronounced here but when he lay face down on the comforter, his face pressed into the slightly indented pillows he found the remnants of the same scent. He pushed down the instance of lust in favour of revelling in both the voice and scent of the man that surrounded him. It was a comfort he hadn’t fully processed he needed after the day he’d had.
‘Devin you on our tail?’
‘Uncertain sir, we are not in communication with the doctors regarding the case. We can find you one of the Doctors though,’
“John it’s not that simple.”
‘Nah Danny I don’t mind, but seriously call me Greg’ the young man turns a little red and Greg realises it really pretty cold in the drizzle, he indicates for them to move closer to the wall where an outside heater is producing a steady stream of heat which only really reaches a small patch of the area, ‘Do you smoke Dan?’
Mycroft looks out over the garden, it’s when John observes him in profile that he sees the family resemblance strongest, ‘There is a great deal I simply cannot talk about and even more that I think you would find distressing to know.’ John can see the truth in this; he doesn’t have any level of security clearance anymore.
“Anything at all, Mrs. Hudson.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It's all a bit dreary.
(See the end of the chapter for
I find myself at a loss as to how to approach this one John, with all the people I have faced over my journey I have never really struggled to find a point of weakness to attack or exploit but I am struggling to read this man. He has little in his life he cares overtly for; with his parents’ dead and a serious lack of affection towards those children he himself has fathered this man appears to the outside observer, heartless.
‘What are you going to do Lestrade?’ the use of his last name hits him as significant, he doesn’t know why,
“John, you alright? You’ve gone pale.”
‘That must have frustrated you and Greg some, I’m sorry you know about Sherlock. I heard about the whole thing on the news obviously but I mean I could honestly never bring myself to believe that he was fake, he was brutally honest, or at least that was how he seemed.’ John was always at a loss when it came to these conversations, people searching for reassurance that the man the country had taken to their hearts was truly a hero rather than a villain, that the tabloid media had it all wrong. He’d started out by agreeing with every comment. When reporters asked what he thought about the accusations that continued after Sherlock’s death he’d been quick to jump to his defence, he was loud and aggressive in his assertion of Sherlock’s innocence and Moriarty’s deception, he’d stopped when he realised he was making the situation worse.
“I don’t know if you deserve to know that.”
“What?”
‘Mycroft it’s hardly her fault, we’re talking about her Granddaughter and there’s a difference between reading something and having it explained to you. I agree that her reaction makes conversation difficult but they’re entirely understandable and there are ways around it. I told her to write me a letter with her questions, I shall write back and she shall have her answers. It seemed to be an elegant solution to the problem.’
‘What fine things have you bought John and Mina then Mrs Hudson?’
“Why did neither of you tell the police?”
“You listen to me Gregory Lestrade. That bloke is mine. His body is mine. His brain is mine. His heart is mine and if you wanna fucking fight me for him I will beat your arse, copper or not, I was in the bloody army you enormous cock. I was a fucking captain dick head” John says.
‘So should she be being named after your mother then, if that is the tradition?’
“Did you kill them, Mr Mitrović?”
There was eventually Mrs. Hudson whom I have known for so many years and who holds a very specific portion of my heart. My own mother never seemed to know how to handle my ‘eccentricities’ but Mrs. Hudson embraced them and saw them as gifts rather than annoyances I had always been told they were. She made me feel adored and cared for when I had become so used to being alone.
A new letter and a new target for Sherlock.
I hope you know that I have, and will, always love you.
‘Oh the poor dove, when will she arrive, she’ll need the proper things, food, toys, clothes, oh there’s always so much to do with children’
It was the laughter that did it. He realised how broad both their smiles were and how seemingly light the burden of grief seemed to be hanging over John today. Perhaps he had become more adept at hiding it, but to Greg’s eyes his friend seemed to have regained a modicum of his former nature. He was softer now, certainly, his face more worn and bearing the deep seated lines of sleep deprivation, but those aspects were no different from those he’d seen his brother-in-law display after the birth of his second child.
‘It’s Sherlock’s kid John, why wouldn't you look after her.’ The more Greg insisted the more John pulled away, hope was such a dangerous thing, he had always allowed it to overpower him but he could stay strong this time,
‘No, no you don’t need to cancel,’ John finally managed to put his gun down, he kept it close to his thigh but he knew the majority of his anxiety had ended, ‘Her security team will be around right? They won’t let anyone enter the house.’
He thinks back to his earlier conversation with Tammy, he could share these stories, modified enough to mask their true characters, without fear of recognition, it was tempting. The writing, planning and performance of their adventures had brought him a strong feeling of contentment and one he would be eager to replicate if the threat to himself and Mina’s privacy could be removed. He quickly sent off an email to Mycroft explaining his problem thinking that If anyone could help with security concerns it would be the elder Holmes brother.  He wasn’t expecting a reply until a more reasonable time but when he returned from his shower and dressing one was waiting for him;
‘I know, I’m so sorry Greg, really, this is just awful.’ Definitely a cigarette John thinks as he listens to the quiet noises of his friend drawing the smoke into his lungs. He fights back his inner doctor who’s screaming at him for not nagging Greg about quitting again but he thinks that if ever the man was allowed a cigarette the death of one of his closest protégés was likely to be one. ‘What even happened Greg? The bloody tabloid rags were talking about a raid gone wrong. They’re spouting some nonsense about your division kicking you out.’
John looked across to where she was leaning forward towards the front seat; she had a hand still clasped to Mina’s car seat.
‘My mother came to this country having spent her life  as a French academic, for two decades her life had revolved around physics and the brilliance of science. Upon arriving in England, already married and pregnant, she was faced with the stifling customs of the upper classes and a family ingrained with the importance of social standing. My father you see followed his love for the study Botany to Lille, where they met and to my mother's recollections at least my father seduced her away from her love of science with passion and rare flowers, I have to admit that at this point I normally chose to exit the room, but the story of my father’s aunt is closely related, she lived in a cottage just down the road from the main portion of our estate in Yorkshire, a place my parents were encouraged to stay by my grandparents, my mother grew fond of walking the distance in order to escape the controls of that house.' Mycroft shook his head at the memory, perhaps he to was seeing the similarities in the woman he described and Sherlock, 'My great aunt welcomed her with love and an eccentricity my mother has always claimed made her seem more French. She would bake for her, tell her tales of her travels and foreign lovers of youth and for those few months my mother had a sanctuary. However Six months into her pregnancy my mother was placed on bedrest and trips to her little hideaway were forced to come to an end, that is until said Great aunt commanded my father bring her and a box with her one afternoon to visit. Upon being left alone with my mother she revealed that the box contained all the equipment my mother would need to conduct minor experiments while confined to her bed and a telescope so she would watch the stars from the window box in their room. My mother never forgot her kindness. She died when I was young, only five years old but she was a wonderful woman Aunt Mina; I know my mother still misses her a great deal.’
‘Yes I imagine they’ll have a great deal to say and do but we all know someone who can make that process a lot smoother.’ The threat had been thinly veiled, but Greg had to try something, in truth he would have very little time to put his preferred plan into action, and he knew he would not be able to do it alone, he needed help, help from someone with enough power to control government departments for example.
I'm about to add a series link so please head over and subscribe if you would like to keep up with John, Mina, Mrs. Hudson, Greg and Mycroft as well as witness the return of our wayward Consulting Detective.
Mycroft nodded in agreement.
“Did you take the back bedroom as advised?”
‘Well that’s pretty unnecessary honestly and she doesn’t need a bottle.’
“Can the nonsense, Francis, just tell us why Mycroft doesn’t want us to know before we make it to Northaw?”
‘Jesus Greg, I’m so sorry.’ John couldn’t help but be reminded of his time in Afganistan, as a field medic he’d been first on the scene after major disasters, sometimes he can still remember the feeling of his friend’s bodies turning cold, he knows how such memories can haunt you, especially if a person is left alone with them for too long, ‘They were both great officers.’
They’d made it to the retail park in mostly one piece and John was determined to purchase everything they needed in this one place as to negate travelling to more stores.
He has to clear his throat three times before he manages to ask any form of question, when he does Major Sholto explains the injury he’d sustained during the evening raids, nothing too extreme, mild concussion, he’d been knocked unconscious while treating civilian casualties in one of the villages, he remembered his team had been mobilized when the resistance movement had taken over the neighbouring village, they’d received word of major casualties in the area they were leaving and they’d been deployed to provide aid.
RETURNED TO FRANCE. DID RESEARCH . DISCOVERED AND INVESTIGATED CHILD TRAFFICKING RING. GOT TRAPPED IN A FIRE. SURVIVED.  HOSPITAL TREATMENT WAS REQUIRED. MORPHINE ADMINISTERED. PLEASANT.  DANCED WITH A SUSPECT. KISSED ANOTHER. WAS TEMPTED TO ADMINISTER SEX AS A METHOD OF DATA COLLECTION. DID NOT. SUSPECT ENJOYED HUMILIATING PARTNERS. DULL. NOT JOHN. MISSED JOHN.
‘John I would seriously suggest you focus on a name, it was distressing you earlier that people kept referring to her as ‘The Girl’ or ‘The Child’ so pick one, she is young enough that the change, although strange, should not cause her any great distress and if she is able to communicate her unknown name to us later on well then, but I must admit I think the estimate of her age is wrong Detective Inspector’
I adore you all.
This is the final chapter and it's a long one. There will be an epilogue but it has very little in the way of plot.
‘I don’t know’
Sherlock
“Because my brother did a wonderful job of convincing the world he didn’t have a heart when in fact he had a very large one. He loved very deeply and loyally and had since childhood.”
“Sorry?”
‘I’m sure John will tell you the dangers of treating withdrawal while your patient is already ill, but I digress, so yes, sex for Sherlock would appear to have been linked to his consumption of drugs. My understanding was that he was gay, but perhaps that was wrong, we never discussed our sexuality and Sherlock never strove to share a confession. He merely was himself, in the same way I am, our parents never cared who we dated as long as they could hold a decent conversation and made some form of effort not to bore them, yes our impatience is a family trait John best try to wheedle your influence into this young girl early in order to avoid it. To return to the premise however, Sherlock had vanished and managed to stay out of my notice for a year, although I searched for him continuously. You will of course know of his homeless network, they hide their own when they need to and at that time Sherlock considered me his enemy.  It was to my great surprise when a month after the year anniversary of his disappearance he showed up in one of the country’s leading substance abuse rehabilitation centres. He had placed himself in their hands for treatment and for once it seemed to take, he never confided in me the reason for this sudden decision to leave cocaine behind and I maintain to this day that he has never been truly free of it. But, for the time that he lived with you John, I do not believe he used, we all remember danger nights I am certain, but there was never an indication he gave into that temptation again. I should have had more faith in him.’
“John, I apologise for the way your evening has ended and I will endeavour to explain the situation to the best of my ability shortly but firstly, Mrs. Hudson, I wonder if you might answer a few questions for me?”
Six hours later when he awoke to tiny fingers pressing his nose his shoulder and back reminded him exactly why sleeping sitting up against a wall was a bad idea but the smile of Mina’s face was a clearer reminder of why he did not care.
Greg feels a groan leave his lips and Mycroft inhales as if shocked. Greg pulls back slightly resting his arms around the taller mans shoulders. He clings tighter when Mycroft tucks his head between his shoulder and chin. The angle slightly off but all he cares about in the moment is getting as close as possible. He hears the light sniffs and feels a growing dampness on his collar, he clings all the tighter to the man who’s stolen his heart.
“I mean was leather involved or something because,” Greg shrugged and John whistled in response “I’ve been underestimating Mycroft clearly.”
“Well then that’s just tough, isn’t it?”
If anyone ever questioned why John didn’t dress her before breakfast well he’d point to occasions such as this one where food was less consumed and more used as makeshift art supplies
‘Yes you are required to fill out and complete these forms, we have already been provided by most of your documents but these require your signature.’  He handed over all of three pieces of paper, John turned to find a pen amongst the clutter of the desks only to find Mycroft extending his own Montblanc towards him. He checked boxes, filled out the relevant personal information and added his signature before having the papers pulled out from under the still uncapped pen.
“Before it was all very civilised; tea, lunch, obnoxious restaurants and the like. Typical Mycroft.”
Sherlock
‘He can’t have her.’ The near snarl that escaped John when he registered who Greg was referring should have been concerning, Mycroft and John’s relationship had never been good but the younger man had never struck him as distrusting. Greg knew Mycroft well enough to know such a reaction from John was unnecessary. Mycroft would see why it was imperative the child stayed with John. Sherlock would have wanted it that way.
See I promised it got a little better
‘Yeah no I’m buying you a coffee, not a work of art.’ She shoots him a look of vague disgust but doesn’t say anything, riding the elevator down he decides to meet her half way with a latte, that’s not ridiculous, misty drizzle so typical of London hits him as he makes the short journey to his favourite coffee shop, the coffee was good enough to provide more than just a caffeine hit and Greg figured he didn’t mind paying a little more to keep some nice people in the area above the constant influx of Starbucks and Costa’s, he’d never been able to understand how someone could call the swill they served coffee, there was no bite to it, he liked coffee to be dark and strong enough to cause shivers as you drank it.
‘It wasn’t a word everyone, probably just a noise. I’ve got a teething ring for her Mrs Hudson let me fetch it.’ He turns his back on the group, he’d be lying if he said he hadn’t allowed himself a minute to hope it had been her first word, it had sounded suspiciously like ‘Dada’ but it didn’t matter she’d speak when she was ready to.
“Oh no, not particularly, mostly party drugs really; Miami was his usual haunt.”
‘I’m sure you’re right Mrs Hudson but, I’m not sure your hip or this old bath tub is going to thank you for scrubbing it to within an inch of damage. Come on, you should be drinking tea and helping me pick baby names, not alone in here, you are after all not our housekeeper.’ At that his land lady smiled a little more brightly and took his hand, she was only slightly unsteady on her feet as he accompanied her back to the living room. The somewhat intimate moment he had interrupted earlier seemed to have come to an end, John was glad to see Mycroft maintaining his composure, it would be more difficult to make important decisions if he wasn’t.
He needed to know her name he thought, referring to her as the child was wrong. She wasn’t just a child, she was Sherlock’s blood and she was, well she was someone, she deserved a name and he felt he deserved to know what it was. Mycroft and Greg had climbed out of the opposite car door, moving to the black door of 221b Mycroft entered, without knocking John noted, and proceeded to hold the door for Greg who only hesitated long enough to look to John, he knew he was being foolish in not moving. To stand in the road and cling to the door of the black car was beyond pathetic but his legs wouldn’t work. He’d left this place, this shrine of memories. He was back in a bedsit, minimal possessions, no endless clutter, no dust, no character, no soul, no anything, but this place was so like a graveyard to him, so full of memories. Why would Mycroft bring him back here?
MEMORIES. TOO MANY HANDS.
“I don’t think it disappoints me Mr Holmes but let me say this. We know the location of every person on that list at this very moment. You may think you have them covered; your mother is amongst friends, your father is safely within your fortress of a home and your brother’s three are walking through the grounds of Kew Gardens admiring the fake snow., They are of course surrounded by an incredible amount of security, more than they realise, I’m sure. I see I finally have your attention, Mr Holmes.” Mitrović said jostling his chains to wave the hand with fingers still raised in Mycroft’s direction. “There’s one more name on your list isn’t there, Mr Holmes, and it’s a brand new name as well. Like I said Mr Holmes, we’ll bring you down with three little words. “
“John!”
"I didn't hear her." John answered looking toward the shadowed stairs leading up to his daughters nursery. "Is she..."
Mycroft always saves Sherlock. Or so Sherlock hopes.
‘Oh thank God Greg are you okay?’ it’s Sally and she sounds stressed, there’s a noise in the background that he thinks might be a television,
‘It’s not even eleven how can we possibly be this tiered?’ it was a miracle John could understand her through the Tammy’s slightly shaky yawn.
‘I said what changed your mind? One second you were saying it was impossible and now. Now we’re stood in the hallway to my former home and you’ve yet to explain a damned thing.’
John’s pretty sure he’s never heard a more ridiculous suggestion, she couldn’t look more breakable her arms and legs were thin, her fingers  looked beyond delicate and from everything he could recall from his years of medical training, at this moment recollection seemed minimal, their heads were ridiculously breakable. If by surrounding her with every cushion in the house he can keep her even slightly safer that’s what he’ll do.
‘Sir’ The nervous energy pouring off him in waves had the woman moving forwards on her own instincts, he knew she cared for him; you could not work as closely as they did for seven years without developing a bond. He would not hesitate to trust he with everything in his life, they would strategize in the car, the person behind this rouse was as good as declaring war on his family and god help the individual who believed they could bring down the Holmes Empire.
‘We have found no mother and so far the child has been unable to communicate her name to us’
“So what’s the right word?”
‘Arnav, status on criminal loading’
“My daughter, Sherlock’s daughter, your niece has to grow up believing her father was a fraud, believing he was a traitor and a kidnapper when in fact he was the most brilliant, brave, wonderful man.”
“I was already a target, Mycroft, and I would be even if I didn’t love you.” Mycroft drew in a sharp breath at that. “We probably shouldn’t be having this conversation with an audience, Myc.”
‘Position check, Donovan’
“It has, maybe we should call it a night if you’re done, Mrs Hudson?”
‘This her then?’ Mina seems aware she’s being spoken about, she looks away from John to consider the new arrival.  He’s yet to look away when she turns back to him stretching her arms out she opens and closes her fists a number of times, John isn’t sure what instinct he hears that had him leaning forwards and pulling her up but settling her on his hip feels natural and from the way she wraps her fists around handfuls of his jumper he supposes she doesn’t object.
‘Do you want to put her down somewhere, there’s a cot all set up for her upstairs if you think she needs to keep sleeping. We haven’t got one of those travel cots yet but I was thinking of maybe setting one up in the living room. So she could nap downstairs when I work from home. I haven’t really thought it through properly yet but I thought it sounded like a good idea so you know I can be right here when she needs me. If she needs me, even if she is a good sleeper she may need me sometimes right?’ the whole speech comes out as a blur of words that he didn’t even catch. Turning he looks sheepishly and the brunette.
‘But how can that be me and Sherlock were together for nearly that long and I never saw a woman anywhere near him. He said he was married to his work Mycroft. I just don’t understand this.’ John had been barely following the conversation his mind full of girl’s names;
‘Apparently she’s not liking toast this morning Mrs. Hudson so I’d hazard a guess at contrary’ John said. He moved to grab his daughters hand lightly as she tried to have her egg join the toast on the floor. ‘Sometimes I think we need a dog.’ It’s a wistful thought; it’s not as if there’s a great deal of free room in their flat and Mina is only going to grow and accumulate more belongings. A dog is hardly practical, even if it would cut down on his floor clean up.
Greg laughed in response but he also blushed slightly so John kept on.
‘You can never know John, you could never save me,’ he holds the phone to his ear even after the conversation is over, he kneels as he watches his best friend, his soul mate, the man he’ll always love, it’s safe to admit that in his dreams, take a step off the building, the building where their story has started, he chose to end it there too.
John wondered at how Mrs. Hudson could become the woman she was, having been surrounded by such people for so long.
‘Sure, lead the way,’ he indicates for her to walk in front of him which she does after executing a perfect about-turn, the precision of her movements speaks of some military training and he thinks there’s a serious chance that everyone of Mycroft’s employees could kill someone with minimal effort of their part, best to stay cordial he decides, ‘Sorry I didn’t catch your name,’
‘So, well I’ve never heard her do that before.’
“Oooh like a sexy sat nav?” Greg felt himself flush with pleasure at the bark of laughter his comment elicited.
“Then you’re just going to wait until you’re in the same room and give him a piece of your mind dear.” Mrs. Hudson said bluntly.
‘Yeah, I am, I’m okay Sal. You?’
“Well, as pleasant as that sounds I think both are now out of the question, wouldn’t you agree?” Mycroft allowed both the sarcasm and venomous anger that filled him to infuse his tone. It might have been a mistake, he might have been passing the man a modicum of power, but he was aware they were surrounded on near enough all sides by heavily armed agents., That remained a comforting thought when Mitrović strained forwards once more.
‘Tell me about this woman, why did your mother love her?’ John thought it had potential,
The files on his screen moved near frantically as his assistant scoured the available information for anything relevant. Arrest records, forensic reports, none of it provided a clue to the Detectives reasoning, as much as he would have loved an afternoon in the D.I.'s company he knew it would be unwise for him if he pursued the desire, the Gregory Lestrade was married which left him for all intents and purposes off limits to Mycroft, even after Sherlock's death.
His brother had been born at home, through what he now knows was a difficult labour, his mother suffering for twenty hours before the doctors even contemplated moving her to a hospital, in the end it was too late and William Sherlock Scott Holmes was born in his parents’ bedroom, small and screaming. His mother had been rushed to hospital soon after for blood loss.
When Greg looked back at it later he wouldn’t be able to explain his flash of anger entirely. He would be able to explain that when she called Donovan a slut he was reminded of how much of a bully she was, of all the affairs she had conducted, but he wouldn’t be able to explain why the image that filled his mind was one of Donovan after their latest mission, he eyes puffy from the tears that had spilled and the sound of her voice diminished and raw. After Sherlock died the two may have fallen out but he had never stopped respecting Sally Donovan, she was a fine officer and a wonderful woman. She had no patience and her social skills on occasion bordered Sherlock’s for inappropriateness but she didn’t deserve any of his wife’s slander.
Greg got himself out of the crouching position in a way which allowed a view of the group behind them. The reporter was nowhere in sight. His phone buzzed multiple times in his pocket, making his keys produce an almost musical sound as they shook from the force of the vibrations.
“They were killed”
‘It’s called a slumber bee, it’s actually a speaker as well you can connect devices to it and play lullabies straight into the crib. It attaches to the side of the bars,’ she shows him the back where Velcro straps tighten depending on the style of crib.
‘I can't say I've had a great deal of exposure to Orchids before but these are quite beautiful.’
“Feel free to ask Greg, I just don’t want to talk about my folks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Hello, person I can’t see, very interesting fact’ he laughs, a face appears between the racks of Star Trek children uniforms and the dungarees of many colours.
“Sorry man, you don’t need any of this shit.”
Lisa leans over the sleeping girl muttering softly and brushing her hair behind her ear, he can see her stirring, his expectation with young children being that they’ll cry upon waking prematurely and yet as she stirs she doesn’t make a sound. He’s taken in by the shade of her eyes, they’re a deeper blue than he expected, almost hypnotising in their clarity. They stare directly at him over the shoulder of the social worker. Lisa scoops her up, sitting so Mina is facing out into the room and towards John.
So he did, he bought her fresh flowers every day, practiced his reading while sitting on the bed next to her, he spent his eighth birthday cradling his brother in their nursery while listening to his mother have a panic attack across the hall. Even as the months past and she managed to leave her bed she had no interest in playing games anymore, no interest in continuing their studies of physics. He would find her some afternoons, once his tutors had freed him for the day standing over the bassinette simply watching his brother cry. She seemed to only half hear him most days, drifting through the rooms of the family wing dressed in her night clothes. It was six months later that his father first had to leave them, it would be for two weeks and his Grandparents would come to provide any supervision that was needed. Mycroft hated his grandparents visits, his grandfather was mean and his grandmother smelt of burnt sugar when he had to kiss her cheek, Mycroft had cried in his father’s embrace that evening, Siger had tried to sooth him, reassure him that nothing bad would happen in his absence and that two weeks would pass faster than he could imagine. He had been wrong on both counts.
“Come on little dove say something for the camera,” that was Tammy; John had been highly amused by the women’s determination.  The clip he’s showing them is one of four from this morning alone but it’s the one with the best moment,
“Like I said, Mr Holmes, the woman was a whore, I have a great deal of use for whores in my line of work.”
“It’s dangerous for her though, it’s dangerous for all of you. Being loved by a Holmes, it makes you all targets.”
The first three courses passed in a blur, the combination of rich sauces, good wine and everyone’s seemingly jovial mood providing a much more pleasant atmosphere than Mycroft would have hoped for. In part this may have been caused by the serves continued insistence of providing as much of said wine as possible, his father’s contribution no doubt, but such actions were leading to his mothers cheeks having a slightly pink glow and John himself becoming slightly lose tongued.
‘Would it have changed anything?’ his voice is shaking now but not from exhaustion, he’s emotionally drained, he drops to his knees well before the bicycle is set to take him down in that critical moment, he’s changing the script,
Her half brother is Lord Moran member of the house and first cousin to Sebastian Moran (although that chunk of information has been well buried from the public).
As if on cue he heard a minor commotion outside and assumed Anthea had just returned from whatever errand she had departed on to realise the girl had sent the call through without consulting her or warning Mycroft.
“I can’t lose you, any of you; losing Sherlock, it nearly killed me, Gregory.”
They rose as a group retreating to fill the fire lit reception room where a coffee service was already waiting for them; his staff was truly exceptional. Mycroft could already sense sudden influx of tension permeating the room but there was nothing to be done for it,
Oh and Bold text means written correspondence, so letter, text, email you get the gist.
‘John hello, I suppose it would have hit the papers today; the online ones were running it yesterday.’
John smiled down at him and tugged lightly at the base of the curls his fingers were interwoven with. Sherlock closed his eyes against the light sting.
John knew that, he’d known that before but it didn’t make the situation any less frustrating.
I have tried that for decades now John; years of doctors, blood tests and brain scans. Resulting in drug trials, psychotherapy, needles, pain and once, memorably, a short course of acupuncture.
We are nearing this train’s final destination and I am running out of room on these slips of paper to tell you anymore.
“John…” Mrs. Hudson started, her voice edged in yet to fall tears.
I have a strong idea for this particular ark and it will take two more chapter to come to completion after that the story moves on and a new ark begins. In realist All Of Me is taking the place of world building/ back story which will provide context for the next ark. The next ark will be darker but also sweeter.
John watches from his position by the front door as Sherlock flicks them out to ensure any excess water falls away and hangs them from their respective hooks. He watches how the man smoothes the front of his shirt and takes a deep breath before turning back to face John.
‘Two officers experiencing minor injuries’ Devin starts the report from behind him, Greg moves so he can see both his Sergeants,
Sherlock steps up and pulls John into and embrace. He fits his front snugly to John’s back and nuzzles into his neck. John feels his lips part and a small moan escape him. He tilts his neck and let’s Sherlock trace the short line of it with his closed lips.
Thank you to each of you lovely people who have stayed with this fic through each delay, even the massive one where I drifted into the Inception fandom and lost myself a little. I blame (and adore) EarlGreyTea68 the woman is a wonder.
John sharpens his eyes when he sees Sherlock’s expression change from one of panic to something predatory. Something fake and very un-Sherlock because Sherlock may have the grace and ferocity of a tiger in the field, on a case, when they’re pounding the streets of London, but here in their home where there should be no need for adrenaline or masks Sherlock has donned one and John, having realised, knows this cannot continue. Not tonight. Not when there is alcohol playing a role.
“You shouldn’t. We know things in the network.”
Mina’s lays on her belly fast asleep, her eyelids flicker in a dream but she’s not making a sound, John circles with his gun but there’s no one there, he can still hear her screaming but can see she isn’t, he can still hear the feet on the stairs but when he checks there’s no one there.
‘Got something to tell me John,’ the social worker raises one of her eyebrows and John thinks it would almost be comical if her tone didn’t suggest she was concerned.
When Sherlock comes at him John holds him at arm’s length and fixes him with his most Captain Watson stare. “No” John says it calmly but firmly.
It took five days for everything to come to a head, the new nanny was an imbecile who left Sherlock unattended the majority of the day, preferring to continue he dalliance with one of the kitchen porters rather than do her job, but Mycroft did not care too much. He was well versed in his brother’s care and capable of providing everything he could need, Sherlock had been screaming for an hour before Mycroft managed to liberate him from his crib, left to his own devices he had pulled one of the arms off a particularly ugly bear their Grandmother had provided Mycroft with on his fourth birthday, Mycroft had hardly minded the mauled object, what he had minded was his brother having a the animals stuffing running through his out of control ringlets.  Mycroft had collected him, moving into the adjoining bathroom to run Sherlock a bath, he had seen his father do so almost every day over the proceeding half a year and thought he could handle it. His brother loved bath time and Mycroft held him up so he could watch the bubbles blossom on the water’s surface.
“Anthea, will you liberate the files pertaining to this man,” Mycroft turned the picture to Anthea, who nodded silently before leaving the room. “Thank you Gregory. Finding this man might help us locate Moran.”
But Greg's rose tinted glasses had not blinded him to the fact the man would not be guardian material, his obsessive behaviour with Sherlock had driven his younger brother to the warped relationship he had witnessed the brothers' share. Pushing so hard someone cracks, no Mycroft Holmes was not who this would little girl need, she needed someone warm and kind, quiet and considerate, someone strong enough to hold her above the terrible things she would have been witness and make her better.
Be safe Molly.
‘I think you’re right, she’s just tall for a baby of her age I’ve been thinking more along eighteen months myself, I think we’d probably hope for a little more development in her but she seems pretty perfect. She is underweight though and malnourished, when we asked the children what they’d been eating they thought she’d been having those baby biscuits, Rusks I think they’re called and whatever the children would give her, water mostly instead of milk, but that’s not enough for a child. We’ve bought you a supply of special formula, she doesn’t like it much but it’s what she needs right now.’
Mycroft downed his measure of port before handing out the others and moving to stand over Mina. There was panic and devotion in his expression as he watched his niece whimper in her sleep, batting her fist at some imaginary foe.
Be happy, be well and above all know that...
“Yeah, well, Mr. Holmes just royally screwed me over so honestly I’m not in the mood to do him any favours. And it’s Detective Inspector Lestrade, not Mr, I worked damn hard to get the title I have.”
“John,” Mrs. Hudson admonished.
He did nothing to inform his wife of his plans but when he had taken a seat at their dining room table, the divorce papers sorted neatly in front of him, he had been reminded of the overwhelming relief he had heard in his mother and brother’s tones when he had told them the woman would not be accompanying him.  He heard the front door open and close lightly. It was already eleven o’clock at night and Greg knew Denise was sneaking in from a drunken night hoping to make it to the safety of the guest room without facing him. He wasn’t having it though, enough was enough and he was worn out with all the lies and the deception. The last few weeks, his interactions with Mycroft, John, beautiful baby Mina, not to mention his family, had made him remember what it felt like to be truly happy within himself again.
You worried so much about that John, I fear I have failed to maintain the regimen within my diet that you had tried to devise. I rarely eat when I do not feel it is essential, I have been drinking coffee; I can not find decent tea in this part of the world and I have been smoking John. I figure that out of my three choices of addiction you would prefer nicotine above cocaine or reckless danger. The danger available to me on my current undertaking would involve coming face to face with any number of individuals who would kill me on sight or perhaps worse. These people are capable of creative cruelty John. Either way breaking my cover at this moment would mean dying at their hands and I do not believe you would wish that. I can not imagine you are angry enough with me to wish my truly dead. I heard you, that day in the grave yard, you asked me not to be dead.
“No, but still I wanted to check. Would be a little awkward if I just blurted it out in front of him and he didn’t have a clue what I was talking about. Alright, so you’re dating Mycroft, what about it?” John asked. Greg looked a little gob smacked, he sat there simply staring at John for long enough to freak him out, “Greg, what?”
“Excellent, if you take the door to the right of the en-suite you’ll find an empty closet. You’re welcome to the entirety.” Greg goes to the door indicated and opens it to reveal a room bigger than the family bathroom at his old property. Cream walls framed dark mahogany shelves and clothing rails, all of them empty apart from a number of solid wooden hangers.
‘Well if I can’t find the crown I’ll merely be a knight but that’s not as good! Oh and I was thinking we could dress Mina up as Guinevere, I have a cute princess dress somewhere.’ As much as John had been avoiding gendered options for Mina he had to admit she did exceedingly cute on the occasions he allowed Tammy to dress her in the princess outfits she seemed fond of for the little girl. ‘Where is my favourite little one anyway? Did you leave her in her pram or something?’
‘Would it have changed anything Sherlock, if I’d told you?’ his friend’s breath catches, he can hear it over the phone. Raising his eyes to where the billowing coat’s outline shows his friend, frames him as if he’s a superhero, London’s dark Prince, sworn to protect its people, that’s how he’d seen him, always the hero, the arrogant, sometimes selfish, bastard of a superhero.
The room stands empty, a black canvas without the photographs, books and assorted writing supplies he’d littered the space with when he’d been its resident. It left him cold, the whole idea of living in this space without Sherlock made him nauseous, having to face the idea of walking down these stairs every morning and face an empty space did not appeal.  He could almost hear the violin music that filled the flat when he’d tucked himself away for the night, nights filled with nightmares of hot deserts and the heavy weight of war had left him breathless until he’d heard the chords of his flatmates musical ministrations. It never occurred to him while Sherlock was living to bring attention to the private concerts meant for him alone, but he missed them now, now the nightmares were different and there was no comfort, musical or otherwise. He couldn't stay in this room, it would have to be the nursery, which left him with the reality of staying in Sherlock’s room, inhabiting his space, a room he’d held as a private sanctum in life and now John felt like an invading force, but there was nothing for it, the baby needed somewhere to sleep and John wouldn't sleep in this room.
There is a British couple sitting on the train in front of me however who may just become vital to me. Married, 15 years, husband is habitually unfaithful and the wife although subconsciously aware is happier living in her version of ignorance.
The leather is bound tightly to the stuffing of the chair, it’s so firm that If Greg presses down his hand leaves no imprint on it. It’s comfortable though, formal, not for relaxing in. Nothing about this room calls for someone to relax. He’s got to wonder how he ended up at Mycroft’s. Why would anyone bring him here? It was where he most wanted to be, his friend soothed him, this was true but no one else would know that. Mycroft barks a final thing at the phone before replacing it to its holder, he’s obviously breathing deeply and Greg thinks he might be trying to regain some form of composure. It seems odd to see Mycroft like this, the man is always so held together, Greg can only think of two exceptions to this rule and neither of them seems appropriate here. He wonders if he should get up or say something.
“I mean we’re not heading into London anymore. Something’s happened and Mycroft is having us taken to his house in Northaw.”
“I can’t sit, Mrs. Hudson, not yet; I need to know what’s happening. Anthea, where is Mycroft?”
‘Surely, surely social services will do something…’ John’s voice had wavered, the tight control he had on his emotions slipping, Greg had witnessed this, the slipping of the shield John had erected whenever Sherlock hurt him. Greg had seen it rise after Sherlock had jumped. John needed this little girl as much as she needed him.
‘Sure, we’ll head out at six yeah?’
“Hi Mycroft, I’m heading to a hotel.” There was a moment of silence but Greg didn’t mind it. He imagined Mycroft was still at work. There was little he could say in response to Greg’s statement in any case, they were both aware that offering his sympathies would be laughable and Mycroft didn’t strike Greg as being the type of man to simply say “ah” in response to anything.
‘As long as you know it’s there,’ a change of topic seems to be in order, ‘you’ve got a beautiful home Mycroft.’ The grounds John can see in the limited light seem to stretch outwards in all directions, it’s more extensive than it seems from the front, high trees stand sentinel on all the three sides not occupied by the impressive house.
Greg draws his weapon once more and charges to the small room, two other officers are tight on his heels.
‘Well Dr Watson in answer to your question,’ he pulled the folded paper out of his pocket and passed it to the Doctor. ‘This photograph changed my mind.’
Mycroft didn’t turn to look at John until his anger had petered out. He forced a glass of port into his hands, instructing him to drink it which John did. The liquor burned his throat and roiled his unsettled stomach into something like nausea but John pushed it down. He needed answers, he needed justice. Mina needed it. She needed to grow up in a world where her father was the hero of his story and not the villain.
Sensing his audience Mycroft turns, his eyes meet Greg’s and he suddenly realises why the eyes were so familiar, they were so similar to Mycroft’s one might think they were the same, except Greg couldn’t imagine anyone else’s eyes shining in quite the same way Mycroft’s did. The man doesn’t smile but points silently to one of the chairs by the fire Greg noticed upon entering the office. Mycroft starts shouting in Russian at whoever is at the other end of the phone.
‘We’re going out Mrs Hudson, was the delivery a pushchair?’
I swear the last bit's better. I don't leave you on angst, but yeah *coughs* Just a little sorry.
He was still in his sixties when I was in my teens. Mycroft and I were plagued by the same inadequacies in his eyes; we preferred books to sport, held a higher regard for intelligence than for strength and were more likely to plot a battle and its’ movements than lead the charge. Mycroft managed to find himself a position of power my Grandfather respected; Mycroft’s role today is an extension of the standing our family have held for generations whereas I went from Eton to Cambridge to cocaine back to Cambridge and finally to London where I wasted as much time as possible at Mycroft’s estate rather than face my family. I can hear you scoffing at the idea but really Mycroft is the best of a bad bunch in my bloodline. A pompous cake loving bureaucrat yes but not an abusive braggart by any means.
“If you think by threatening my family and friends you will force my hand you’re going to find yourself disappointed.”
“Why?” Sherlock asks.
‘There’s a child here, she’s well, she’s under our care for the time being, but you see, she’s well,' Mycroft was thoroughly confused now, all this drama over a child,'her DNA says she is Sherlock’s, Sherlock’s child,' and now it was Mycroft's turn to hear white noise. The Detective Inspector was still talking, explaining something about multiple test and eyes and Mycroft realized the entire situation was ridiculous, his brother was not a father, 'we don’t know the mother and can’t find her, but this little girl Mycroft she’s right here. Look please, I know you've probably got loads of questions and I know you most likely don’t even believe me but right now I need you, need you to come down here and talk to me.' His head was still spinning slightly, it felt like some of the walls in his mind were dissolving, 'I need to you look at these results and I need for you and John to tell me what happens next.’
Greg felt himself grinning again and took a calculated risk with his next text.
‘I’m not even thirty old man; watch yourself I could still take you.’ She moved to limply throw one of the Yoda pillows she’d bought Mina at him, John laughed.  It was easy to forget his anxiety about tomorrow when he was surrounded by the happy warmth of home, friendship and family. He was meeting Sherlock’s parents in the evening for dinner, they’d agreed that the first meeting should simply be adults, Mrs Hudson agreeing to watch Mina for the early portion of the evening, she’d had to do bed time but John imagined Mina would fight going down properly until he was home. It had been Mycroft’s opinion that they should meet without Mina so John would feel as comfortable as possible discussing and answering any of his parent’s questions regarding her emotional wellbeing, John knew he was correct but the idea of leaving Mina distressed him.
They load themselves into unmarked vans, Devin will follow with the police vehicles for the blockade, paramedics and ambulances will pull up once the operation begins and form a second block further back, the paramedics won’t be armed so they need for the first block to hold. They’re approaching the location; a seemingly abandoned docking warehouse on the water front, the abandoned front is hiding a wealth of drug production as well as human trafficking. Potential sex crimes and definite charges of abduction are likely. This is Project Poppies main aim, to clean up places like this which are forming crime bedrocks in London.
“We’ve been struggling with him. Where do you recognise him from? Do you remember?”
‘We all do Mother but be assured everything that can be done is she will never be without support.’ She does not look convinced, something that is clearly not lost on any of the men present.
“Ah, I should have made myself clearer. The house is currently empty. I am staying at the property you visited previously for the duration of my parents’ stay. I can arrange for a member of my staff to come and open the property but apart from that, and the cleaner that comes three times a week, the house would be yours for at least a week. Would you please consider it? I believe you would be more comfortable than at a hotel.”
Mycroft’s grip changes so it’s firmer, the movement faster. Greg shouts out as he orgasm’s, his mouth pressed against Mycroft’s chest, cheeks damp with tears, the sound may be muffled but his shaking isn’t. His whole body is fighting against staying upright, if it wasn’t for Mycroft’s arms wrapped around him he would have slipped down the wall to the floor by now, they stand together, bodies fully clothed yet intertwined.
“No not him, the other one, the man on the left of the image.”
My mind is failing me John. I find myself a drift without...
“Simply put, the only word he was saying was “Holmes”, like a bloody broken record until  Daniel started on his family; I’ve noted it as a potential weakness in his file that his mother died last year. He started talking about the refuge where we’ve moved the children. He knew all about it; which children were there, which agents were guarding them, which of them sneak off to have a cigarette two hours in.”
Mycroft was the greatest help in the end. He bought me my first and only pet when I was six. “To teach me responsibility” was the official story but the truth of it was that I was lonely John. My brother saw it in me, saw the stern face I wore and the foul temper I was developing. He saw these things and bought me a friend, someone I could love and talk to whilst he was away at school.
‘So all Holmes brothers have an organisation gene when it comes to clothes then? I have to admit your brother’s wardrobe and chest of draws were something to behold. Which reminds me,’ John passes him Mina, a task which is made slightly awkward by Minas focus on her beaker, he moves to support her in a similar hold to the one John had been using, he made it appear more natural than it seems to Mycroft, he felt unbalanced with Mina’s weight settled on one hip and arm, he hears John enter the back bedroom and sounds of rustling keep his attention until he feels small hands playing with his waistcoat, Mina always has a fascination with his clothing, John had made a joke last time that it was because she never saw someone so well dressed in her everyday life, he had noticed on numerous occasions her fascination with shiny objects and as such had worn a silver pocket watch today for her amusement.
‘As stated previously Lisa will accompany Mina here at which point you will become responsible for the child, any questions you have can be directed to Lisa or if required myself, this is my card’ a small rectangle of white card is forced into Johns slightly limp hand, ‘feel free to call me with legal questions or queries about procedure. Congratulations Dr Watson, may you home be a happy one.’ And with that the tiny man in the terrible suit, with the terrible manners and the surprisingly tiny hands left.
‘She’s a good one that Mrs Heather,’ the door creeks open and the woman is back. She’s smiling slightly at him and he once again recognises the eyes, ‘Sally I’ve got to go but call me if you need me or if anyone else does. I’ll check my messages too.’
Greg laughs, his breath sweet with the smell of rich merlot, and sways as he half falls off his bar stool.
“When?”
‘Like we’d dare miss story day, what’s on the rota for tomorrow?’  He’d started taking Mina to White Rabbit’s story morning two weeks ago, she had little patience for sitting through a full story being told by someone other than John but it was giving her a chance to socialise in a small group and get a little better at being around strangers. Not only that but it gave John a regular reason to leave the house and attempt to build a network of acquaintances with children. Tammy had a tendency to dress up as a character from the story being read for the day, last week she’d been dressed as Robin Hood for the day, John had started to believe story day was simply an excuse for Tammy to dress up but he wouldn’t judge her for her small pleasures.
Six hours later John, Mina and Mrs Hudson walk through the front door of White Rabbit, the front of the store was reorganised on Fridays to provide enough room for the audience of regulars Tammy had each week, soft cushion sat on the large semi circle carpet near the front specifically for the younger children. Age appropriate toys were always kept nearby in the hopes of keeping those children that got bored of the story entertained and quiet.
“No, there’s nothing I wouldn’t do.” The admission looked to pain him but John didn’t have time to wonder at why.
Can it ever be right to kill another person? You would undoubtedly tell me yes and I will not mourn this man’s loss or the peace I have brought to the women he terrorized; kidnapped, brutalized, sold. Women were chattel to him John. But should his sins, his monstrous nature, equal a death sentence.
‘Why not just paint the walls, most of the furniture is a dark wood, yellow or blue might be nice.’ John nodded his head in acknowledgment, he’d considered it, Mrs Hudson had been happy to allow him free reign with any decorations he wanted but he was growing increasingly attached to the idea of the quotes,
“Dada?”
“Because an evening with him, any evening, was always better than anything I could be doing with someone else. An evening chasing a criminal, solving crimes, an evening of running through the dirty alleys of London would beat anything I could possibly dream up to do with a date.”
“John, you know that’s not true, Sherlock liked to walk around declaring himself above it all but honestly John, I’d never seen him look at anyone the way he looked at you. Neither had Mycroft for what it’s worth and what that man hadn’t seen over CCTV doesn’t bear thinking about mate. He fucking orbited you. I mean you were just as bad at a crime scene but, the pair of you; it was like you were intertwined sometimes. Mycroft said once that it was like watching two fools learn to dance. You were making the same steps but you always a little out of sync.”
‘Mr Holmes, your wife wished for me to inform you that dinner is ready to be served, if you and Dr Watson would like to make your way to the main house, I believe Mrs Holmes is waiting in the drawing room presently.’
“All these people,” John moved his hand over the images, “they’re all assassins?”
I miss your face, your voice and your terrible coffee John.
‘We are here to ensure security sir,’ Greg nods at this, he’d imagined they were here for such a reason, the security of the victims in this wing was paramount to the case the police were making, he smiles slightly at the man who nods his head in return. Greg moves back to his chair trying his best not to wake Sally, she looks peaceful like this, so different from the normal thunderous look she wears.
“John!”
“If the house is what you want than alright. Do you have any other problems or will the amendment to the property be enough.” Greg watched Denise shuffle in her chair, she read over the list again tapping her acrylic nails against the table top as she did so.
Mycroft pushed away from the table., He already knew two of the three., 221b Baker Street was about to become the most secure location in the country.
Greg grinned. “I don’t know about that now, you’re the one with the royal links.” Greg moved his hands to cup Mycroft’s face. “I don’t want to start the new chapter of my life by running scared, Mycroft. I want to stand by your side and protect what we hold dear.”
‘Only about thirty minutes initially but transport knocked you out of route back to base, you’ve been under for about’ he checks the wall clock from somewhere above Watson’s head, John moves his hand to gently probe his injury, the thick wad of bandage surrounding his head makes him feel ridiculous, the boys are going to have a riot with this one,
‘I’m sorry?’ John can’t help feeling confused. The last time he’d seen Greg the man had been stressed, sleep deprived and undernourished but that, John had come to understand, was just part of the police officers lifestyle. There had been no major cause for concern, except perhaps the man’s blood pressure.
‘Well hello dear, what a lot of noise you were making, did you lose something again?’  Tammy waves her hand as if to bat away the loss, clearly the surprise appearance of John’s land lady and everyone’s surrogate mother was enough to distract from a missing crown. He descends the stairs just as Tammy is helping move the pushchair and bags into the back room, Mina appears bemused by everyone’s early morning excitement from her perch on Mrs Hudson’s hip,
‘Osborn report’ the call comes through on his own radio but he can already see that Osborn won’t be answering it, she’s lying on the floor hands clutching her side, her face rapidly paling as her crimson blood covers the floor, a man is standing over her, the silver gleam of his knife covered in blood,
Greg and Mrs Hudson both raised their heads quickly at the sharp cry that filled the near silent conservatory when Mina took a tumble over a wet paving slab. Mrs Hudson had moved forward with slightly panicked eyes before it became obvious John had it under control. He had already swept his daughter from her feet and was applying numerous kisses to the affronted palms his daughter offered up to him. Her cries were quickly replaced with laughter as John tickled her sides lightly. There was such a difference in both John and Mina’s faces that Greg felt himself momentarily stunned.
“You should really be thanking John.” Sherlock says to Dimmock over the top of John’s head “I doubt your mother would be very impressed to find a local strumpet tottering out of her house at 3 am when this young lady inevitably realises what a mistake she’s made in accompanying you home.”
‘Yep, I remember because my sister used to tease me when I was a little older. We had this cat, well it was more of a stray that lived in the block of flats, but yes this cat. I was fascinated by this cat, my sister called It Dandelion, god but it was an ugly thing, anyway my first word was dandy.’ Mycroft snorts a small amount of his whisky and John shoots him a look, ‘What about this one then? Anything embarrassing?’
‘She can have foods, she’s a toddler after all, her teeth are coming in slowly but that might be down to her diet or just her development, every baby is different.’
‘Doctor Watson, this was found amongst my brother's possessions. The note on the inside cover suggests it was purchased for this date. May it bring you some comfort. Best M Holmes.’
‘You alright sir?’
There had been no discussion, when he had run to his mother, crying at the knowledge he would have to leave his family to go to school she had looked over the garden and explained to him about family duty and the expected position of the head of the Holmes family.
“Sir…”
‘Mycroft are you coming’
Mycroft chuckled in response but Greg was at least proud it sounded a little stuttered. “You don’t know how much I’m looking forward to discovering them Gregory.” They both paused, caught in their own imaginations; Greg’s taking him back to the moment they shared in Mycroft’s office, the scene continuing past the moment it had to include the DI being bent over a desk. Mycroft was the one to break the retrospective imaginings. “But for now I need you to take a left and then a sharp right. You’ll be on the right street then, stop outside the house with the forest green door. An agent will open the property for you in a few moments.”
