Unfortunately the night had to end, and they made sure to reunite more often now they live in the same area. And Castiel knew that his life would be interesting again, now he had something to look forward to.
None of the people in the room ever seen that shade of red on Dean's face, or on Castiel's face before. If anything, both men just made them even more eager to hear the rest of the story.
“What?” both brothers exclaimed at the same time, followed by Sam walking approaching the youngest member of the family. “Jack, what happened?”
According to the agreement that he had with his brother when one cooks then the other should do the dishes, then it would be on his next to-do list of the day, washing the dishes. Of course, as a food enthusiast, he couldn't let
“Oh, cool. I wonder what you wrote about me there. Please don’t make me give up pie, Doctor,” Dean let out a flirtatious smile with the last sentence, that made Cas quite sure he got an instant fever. “Hey, Cas, what is that? Your lunch?”
“I like you outside work, Cas,” Dean said briefly, and leaving Cas in confusion on how to respond. “Right! Friday.”
The taller man nodded at the question, and he squeezed Cas’ hand. “Yes. Then probably he was inside, only refusing to answer you.”
“Correct. He called me a lot, at least once a week. He was the kind of big brother who was really protective over me and Samandriel, and now to my niece.”
“Oh, um, that cabinet there, top,” Castiel felt his heart skipped another beat when seeing Dean tapped one of the cabinet’s door with questioning look to him, “n-no, next to it. Yes, yes, that one. Thank you, Dean.”
"Yeah. Look, I know you were dead because of Crowley's Hellhound, but it was all on the British Men of Letters. They're such dicks. Crowley and I were on a bad path at the time, but I can assure you he was okay most of the time."
Peace surely didn't last long for the brothers, they found a case that not only took them back down memory lane, but also might hold something bigger.
"Okay, okay. I told Cas that I was sorry. I was sorry that I let it happen, that he got sucked to The Empty. Then, uh, I, um, I told him that he thought wrong. That what he always wanted is actually something that he
Dean took a deep breath, to calm himself down. He had to be patient now, so many things had happened in the past twenty-four hours, and they had to sort everything out first before he could start thinking about what he wanted.
“I’m not jealous,” and responded to the tease a little too fast for his own good, earning him a laughter from Sam.
The larger man was just placing the other man slowly on the bed, when Cas moved quickly and shifted their positions, and made Dean yelped in the process. Dean was now below Cas, who sat seductively on his crotch.
Dean was slightly taken aback with the overly friendly tone, but then he realised that it probably was the nature of this man. He was British, anyway. Which came as a stereotyping after he thought of it. “Hi.”
"They're adorable," Eileen answered giddily, "I had stories from both sides now. From Sam on how you first met her and how she grew fond of you guys, then from Rowena on how she was irritated by you both and started to accept you as somewhat family. She seems lovely and has her own way to show tough love for you both."
He felt more at ease with Dean now, and now they can actually talk candidly, Cas really couldn’t wait for their dinner next Friday.
Cas looked up to Dean with hopes in his eyes, completely different than how he looked not ten minutes ago. "Really?"
Dean wanted Sam to meet Cas. He would like to know what his brother thought about Cas. Would he be actually a good person? Dean was not a person with dull instinct, if he could he would arrogantly claim that he could guess a person’s personality at first met.
? Anything exciting?” Castiel played with the salt and pepper shaker as he waited for Abaddon’s answer.
The Nephilim looked to one of his fathers, and there was smug contentment in his face. “It’s not his power anymore,” Jack looked down to his grandfather, the man who would kill him twice without blinking or having a second thought about it. That thought alone had given Jack a vindication to be able to say what he said.
Dean let out a chuckle, “I can’t do that to you, Cas. I don’t want you to be just another fuck for me.”
As he wiped his face with the sleeve of his henley, Dean could see Sam was eyeing him closely, probably wondered what happened to him. Dean was also thankful that Sam didn't push him to immediately tell what happened. He could probably feel that what caused Dean to passed out in his room was beyond his emotional capacity.
“Sammy? You home?” Dean called while climbing up the stairs to the common room. He intentionally made his steps louder than usual, just in case his little brother didn’t hear him coming. God knows if Sam’s having Eileen over and
bottles of whisky in her hands, that popped out of nowhere. She handed one to Dean, who beamed at the bottle, and quickly placed a peck on Rowena’s head as a thank you. As the older Winchester still admired the whisky bottle in his hand, Rowena grabbed Sam’s arm. She practically pulled him out from Dean’s room to the hallway, “Lead the way, Samuel.”
The shock was clearly shown on Chuck’s face when He heard the older Winchester’s statement. He still couldn’t believe, when He came up with the perfect plan to make the brother fight each other, to
One hour later, Dean and Balthazar were sitting side by side inside the Meeting Hall, on the back row and whispering to each other, as if a pair of disorderly school students.
Claire turned her beautiful blonde head to the direction of the living room, “Not yet. I’ve seen this episode, though. Gabriel hasn’t. So, friend of yours?” she asked as turning her head back to Cas’ direction.
He heard it, the emphasising on "anything". Should Dean tell his brother about Cas? How he had been pining for the angel for
“Claire is the daughter of the man whose body is Cas’ vessel,” Sam explained to Eileen. “Long story short, Claire is now practically Cas’ adopted daughter.”
For the next few hours, everyone in the room filled Castiel with the plan that they finally came up with after a few days of working. A blind project without any clues or leads about The Empty, and how to get him out from there. The story started with how they managed to strip Chuck of his powers and made Amara the new God. Followed by the days and nights they worked hard, to the day where Eileen, Jack, and Dean finally found the idea to summon Death.
"You're fucking beautiful, baby," Dean started to praise Cas, as he moved his hands to Cas' hips and supported Cas' movement. He winced when Cas reflexively grabbed on his chest too hard of the pleasure. "Ow, hey."
When he saw the inner ends of Charlie’s eyebrows dove and united even lower on her forehead, Castiel finally replied, “I need a break?”
that Charlie had downloaded. Dean never knew that he could hate an underage kid as much as Joffrey Baratheon.
Bela cocked her head to one side while she tried to roll her memories back to, as she said, more than a decade ago, "Something about the Colt, or was it Lilith? I honestly forgot. He even threw me into this alternate universe or something in Hell, where I have to survive a zombie apocalypse, and somehow your father killed my lover."
“Will be off in fifteen, still finishing the paperwork for my last patient. By the way, your ex called, asking us for a dinner tomorrow night. Clear your schedule, darling.”
"Ouch," Dean chuckled and stepped to open the fridge, "anyway, you want some juice? Or maybe breakfast? I'm planning to make pancakes today."
“Hello, Charlie. I overslept, sorry,” Castiel gave his friend an apologetic look before walking to the empty seat next to Charlie’s, as usual. He took out his laptop and put it on the table to turned it on, Castiel continued to search for his notebook inside his sling bag. While he was logging in to his laptop, Castiel could feel a look of curiosity coming from Charlie. “No, it got
“I’m really sorry. I, uh, I guess I got carried away when you didn’t respond to any of my texts and calls.”
Cas chuckled nervously at the comment, "Yeah, Dean really did a good job back there. He tricked The Empty into seeing me and somewhat turned me into a human, so I can get out from there."
“Everything’s good. Me, Pamela, and Benny been working on something fun for the summer to attract customers,” Dean placed the salad at the centre of the table, then he turned to check the coffeemaker.
It didn’t register in Castiel’s mind when he walked in. He knew that the interior a kind of reminded him to
The question made Cas realised that Dean probably saw what his face was turning to, when he was fantasizing the other man’s neck. Would Dean ever found out the meaning behind his look before?
“Of course you’re here as well, Misha,” Castiel rubbed the jet black head of the feline, whose purr just became louder and there were some sharp sensations on Castiel’s chest. “Ow, watch those claws, will you?”
Rowena then continued with her part of the story. How she made the resurrecting sachet for Dean, and the spell on how to turn an angel grace into a human soul, by Dean's request. That was made behind the others' back.
"Okay. This was quite a simple spell, actually. It was the ingredients that might be a bit complicated. But it shouldn't be a problem for my handmaiden."
Thank you for being so patient, and thank you for reading my little project (with a help from some friends) and leaving kudos and comments! <3 <3
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel smiled and for the umpteenth time that night, he sent warmth to Dean’s chest, who almost missed the waiter’s hand when he handed back the folder.
The middle-aged man with curly hair and dark brown jacket went over Funko Pops collection aligned neatly, even arranged, along with a diorama on their surroundings. Created a perfect scene that seemed like it has its own personality and character.
"About an hour or so," Jack shrugged and pushed a bottle of mineral water to Dean, "Eileen was awakened earlier and saw you here. She thought we forgot to lock the door."
Dean would also like it if the introduction didn’t stopped at Sam. If he could, he would love Bobby, Ellen,
"Well, this looked like a nice place to have brunch, right boys?" he looked at his husky and his cat who were busy sniffing around, "Maybe we can drop by here more often and have a change of scenery while I work."
Amara laughed at Dean’s comment, “Dean, I'm sorry that I can't help you with The Empty, but I sincerely hope that you can rescue Castiel from The Empty. I guess my brother locked me away that long that I'm oblivious of so many things in the universe. I honestly don’t know about The Empty, nor Death. Who, apparently, had changed since our first meeting until now.”
“Whoa, whoa … last time I hook up with someone over dinner was last year. Don’t oversell it, thank you very much!” Dean leant back to his chair.
“I could hear you laughing, Cassie. Okay, fine! I won’t bug you again. But, you have to call me as soon as he left, with
"Do you think I would let you all escape after all of this? You have awakened me from my sleep, created a disturbance at
The research that they did went for hours, for some reasons, Rowena kept on providing liquor to accompany their study. The bottle of wine and whiskey that she brought the first time had finished around two hours since they started flipping the pages.
“Uh, yep. Let’s go,” Sam put his sunglasses on and grinned goofily to his big brother, who replied with a laugh before copying the action.
Dean paused and shot a deadly look to Benny, “You really have a good time with this conversation, are you?”
“Okay, um … are you a boy or a girl?” Castiel smiled when there was another mew as reply, then he lifted up the kitten to see just below the abdomen area. “Can’t see a thing. You’ve got a nice colour of coat … and eyes. Blonde and blue. Maybe you’re a boy. Alfie?”
own story, and it can include Cas. It can have you telling him that you love him. I can have Eileen, I can have a life with her. We can do this, Dean!"
Once again, Abaddon released a loud laugh, this time she even threw her head back. “Holy fuck, Cassie! Whatever happened to you last night? How
Jack was seen stepping out of Eileen's car and talked to Sam and Eileen before the young boy gave Eileen a hug. On the next moment, Jack waved lightly to the lovebirds before he shuffled towards Dean and the Impala.
Castiel nodded his head before answering, “She’s actually my adopted sister. So, my father went on this business trip – before I was born, of course – and he adopted a child from local orphanage. Apparently, the little girl was highly bullied by her fellow orphans. So … yeah.”
After a few moments, Jack finally opened his eye, and his face was sickening white, although there was nothing odd with him. Unlike the last time he looked like this.
"Excellent," Charlie did a Mr Burns impression, then she looked at his friend, who was still smiling even though the sad look is still visible on his face. "Are you feeling better now, Cas?"
Dean hadn't even answered her question when more pairs of steps were heard coming in their direction. It was Sam, Eileen, and Jack. All of them had huge smiles on their faces as they saw Dean and Cas had returned.
Jack blinked as soon as Dean finished sharing his thought, "I'm not gonna lie, that's actually a good idea, but yeah, we're short on healer now. So, maybe we should step back a bit from the idea that is related to death?"
Dean was leaning forward and listened to his story, as if it was something that he have to quiz his students tomorrow, “Your family’s awesome, Cas. Tiel.”
"Dean, you already apologise for that," Cas replied, "back in Purgatory, remember? I wasn't lying when I heard what you said. I understood, and I accepted it. Thank you for saying that, I really appreciate it."
It was when his left hand landed on the door knob, Castiel stepped back, “Uh, hang on, I have to check on something.”
"How long have we been here?" Cas suddenly asked. "Do you think Rowena and Jack would notice that we've gone long enough?"
After they were alone, Dean suddenly lost of words of what he could talk about with Cas, who wasn’t much of help since he was only standing there and (still) staring at Dean. As if he just found the very answer of life, universe, and everything that he had been looking for all of his life in Dean.
Dean gave Bela a mocking smile, then he addressed Rowena again with disbelief on his face, "This is your handmaiden? Bela Talbot?"
Dean started to wonder if he could ever keep his hands to himself with the dentist next to him. Cas and his dark hair that was so soft, and his toned body, and his long legs, and how Dean could easily reach out to have him in his arms.
Dean swore he could see Cas virtually bounced happily at that, and pick some of the kale, and mushrooms, and capsicum.
“Oh, right! Hang on,” Cas jumped from his seat and beelined to his bag to pull his tablet out. He leaned on the kitchen table while searching for the recipe for green curry on his favourite cooking site. “Hello, Dean?”
“Um, right. Dean, I found two holes on your teeth, on your premolars,” Castiel lifted up his face and pushed his glasses up to the bridge of his nose before delivering this message to Dean.
While Sam introduced Eileen and Rowena to each other, Dean couldn't help but realise that he hadn't seen Sam leave Eileen's side ever since she returned from Chuck's Thanos-snap. It was like Sam's afraid that once he got his attention away from Eileen, he'd lose her again.
Crowley paused and gave the question a thought, "Honestly, Dean, I never tried to return to The Empty.
time for him to remember something important," Dean chuckled as he could feel his eyes were misty again. "He made a deal, did you know that?"
“I know,” the brothers replied in unison, before they kissed Charlie’s head in turns and went to their car.
Sam raised both of his hands, “Nope, I gotta go get Eileen. She agreed to stay here for a few days, to celebrate. Tell Rowena and Jack to stay longer, will ya? Bye, lovebirds!”
Dean sucked his teeth at that. "That sounds awful. How did The Empty manage its place? Only angels, demons, and humans that it claimed who can live there?"
Right when Cas said that, Dean felt the angel wrapped his waist with his legs, pushing Dean closer and deeper to him. He took it as his cue to move faster on Cas, and at the same time, Dean moved his hand between his stomach and Cas' and gripped on Cas' penis.
Castiel looked at his watch, it was almost noon, and they were still halfway in the park, not even one lap. Although to be fair, they took the furthest route, from the outskirts of the park. He counted the time that might be needed for them to get back to their original point, give or take. It might already be lunchtime by the time they got there. However, it might allow them to try the vintage cafe that they passed when they started.
. He was in awe of whatever it was in front of him, and when he talked, his voice started to crack, out of excitement or contentment, or maybe both. The emotions clearly filled his insides, that he needed extra effort to process it.
. The colours used to decorate, there were ribbons going here and there, random, yet quirky and beautiful. It took him a moment to realised that the large round shaped that was being held with a wooden stick was actually flowers, where The Caterpillar would sit and smoke. And get high.
If anything, Sammy really knew how to sugarcoat some words and make other people pleased. He should be working in Sales or Marketing, instead of a law firm, really.
It was a delicate lip-lock that neither of them wanted to end. But, it had to, when there was a loud popping sound came from the inside the exhibition room, followed by a row of cheers from the guests inside.
The way Dean looked at him all night was enough to make Castiel weak on the knees. He had lost count on how many times his breath was choked in his throat, and his heart drummed so loud every time he looked into the beautiful jade spheres that were Dean’s eyes.
Castiel brought the tea for Dean, and placed it on the coffee table, before he sat on the sofa. “Yeah, I just adopted a cat,” as if on cue, the soft sound of bell came from the stairs that goes to Castiel’s bed, followed by a cheerful meow from a yellow kitten, who jumped to the sofa and purred loudly when seeing its human. “Dean, this is Misha. Misha, that's Dean.”
The innocent reply brought laughter from the older hunter, “I think I should be the one who’s doing this for him. But, thank you, Jack.”
Dean might say that he didn’t know the time, but as the answer came with a yawn, Castiel felt a soft pang of guilt inside. Did Dean stay awake waiting to hear from him, although he knew that he had an early class tomorrow?
And with that the line was cut. Castiel finally opened his eyes and found Claire playing with Misha using a leaf of tissue that she rolled to a pipe. Outside, the sky was purplish, how long did he asleep? It had been a while since he actually had a good afternoon nap.
Cas only chuckled at that before he bent down to place a kiss on Dean's mouth, and this time it was Cas' tongue who begged for entrance into Dean's mouth to explore. Dean crept his fingers on Cas' back and started moving them up and down, smoothly at first then he used his nails, making Cas paused the kisses to moan lewdly.
The room was silent for a while, only their short breaths and pants that could be heard, racing one and another. A wince from Castiel came when Mick pulled out slowly.
“Nope. That will do, Cas. What should I get? I’m arriving at the supermarket now. Hang on, I’m gonna put the hands-free on.”
As he climbed the stairs to the main area of the house, Dean couldn’t stop himself smiling from the phone conversation he had with Cas, as he shopped for their tomorrow evening.
"Well, I was never a big fan of her anyway," Crowley smiled and moved his hand from his jacket pocket to his pants'. His slight movement might be subtle, but it was clear to see and felt by the older Winchester who stood next to him.
Unfortunately, for Dean, the respond he gave was attracting an interest from his brother. Sam had now went to a halt with his meal, and got his cheekiest eyes on Dean. “Someone new, then. I know
, you are. You’re our kid, Cas’, Sammy’s, and mine. Even if your power is low, we’ll still gonna protect you and accept you.”
As he drove by, Dean let out a sigh. It has been a while since he had sex with anyone, but Nick was also the
“Huh?” Dean leaned his back and placed his body weight on his elbows. He had the strongest urge to ask whether Cas thought too much about him as well, then he hesitated. Not willing to sound like a love-sick puppy.
she’d asked about what happened after the club. When it comes to Castiel’s love love, he could swear that it was Charlie who should be Abaddon’s twin, they both love to interrogate Castiel. He knew they were playful in the way siblings would do, because he also did the same to them in return. He smiled and typed the reply.
much, even in a tough love kind of way? "Cheers," Castiel took the pill and drank the water to push it.
Dean elbowed Balthazar softly after the Brit finished with Cas’ hair, so he would get out of the way. “Cas, I’d like you to meet everybody. Guys, this is Castiel. Cas, that’s Sammy, Charlie, and … Bela? You’ve met her?”
The figure who was now standing next to them started to take shape, from a dense black goo to someone with a strong jaw and chiselled facial feature. Short dark hair that looked like it just bid good morning to bed, and had a few fingers run through it. Then more features that looked even more familiar started to show.
Dean gave his cooking a final touch of spices before turning off the heat and gave it another stir. When he felt his cooking was ready, he divided it into two plates that Sam got him, and brought his to the living room.
“I think you don’t have to, Dean. As long as we don’t flaunt it,” he took another sip of the wine. “Crowley won’t care, anyway.”
Yes, Loki is not exactly an angel’s name, Castiel still loved him. He loved the film wholly, actually,
"Finally you realised," Dean smiled cockily. "I don't make deals with you, I don't offer you anything. I just want to see Cas because I want to tell him how I feel, and I did it. From there, I did what you said. To make this place strictly angels and demons only."
The humming sound on the other line told Dean that Castiel was thinking about an order. “Take your time, Cas, we got ten minutes before I arrived at the place.”
Sam stepped in with Jack followed behind him, it was evident that the boy was afraid to meet Dean. "We think that Amara brought most of Jack's power with Her. You remember what Chuck said about Light and Darkness balance? It might be that to make Amara, The Darkness, work as a God, She would need the Light from Jack."
Dean sighed lazily while pouring himself a glass of scotch, "Well, turned out Chuck wasn't as good as he said. This Earth and the other universe, including the one you were dead with, were his creation and he meant it as his ant project."
“Judgement free zone, Sammy,” Dean took his plate and brought it to the sink to throw out the bones and rinse. “Look, you just have to wait until tomorrow, okay? I’m off to bed, if you want to make anything for breakfast or lunch tomorrow, don’t touch mine. I bought it for tomorrow.”
His big brother only wiggled his eyebrows as an answer, and handed him a pack of bubblegum flavoured condoms.
A smirk and a taunting scoff were coming from the entity on the chair, "Not gonna lie to say I'm surprised. Why?"
Cas frowned as he tried to remember, “He said something about hotel and restaurant management, I didn’t quite catch it. He wanted to own a bed and breakfast or something like that someday.”
“Of course,” the tone in Garth’s voice was as cheerful as ever, as if he didn’t just reveal one of Dean’s most profound thoughts.
When Castiel first arrived, the place was clean - next-to-godliness clean – apparently Lucifer had a housekeeping staff to clean up his apartment every fortnight.
Cas looked around for a bit, and turned to Dean with a slightly guilty look, “Please return my clothes to where they were before?”
The birthday celebration was meant only for family, which includes Charles Shurley's sibling, the feisty and no-bullshit Aunt Amara. Which was quite fair, according to Castiel and Abaddon, since it's been ages since they met his Aunt Amara and her children. Well, except Balthazar, clearly, especially that they went out together quite regularly, with Charlie as well.
Sam and Eileen’s plan somehow made a lot of sense to Dean, and it was something that he was willing to try to get Cas back.
The man in red track pants almost jumped of joy reading the message on his phone, but he remembered that one of his students might came back to say they had forgotten something. Instead, he sat down and typed the reply.
Having a family breakfast, or brunch, at Bobby and Ellen’s is something that they regularly do on Saturdays. However, this week they were having it on Sunday since Bobby had a house call to fix a car of one of his notable clients. Most of the time, breakfast would even stretch all the way to dinner. It was one of the favourite moments for Sam and Dean because they know that the moment they stepped into the vintage house, they were children again, even if it’s only for a day.
“It was clear as a day on your face when you told the stories, silly,” Garth chuckled again as he heard Dean’s question. “If I can say, whenever you told me the stories about Cas, I could see that you were the
Cas laughed seeing Dean’s reaction, “Lucifer was once God’s angel, you know. It was said that he was the most beautiful of them all.”
“Okay, so I’m in my free time as well now. The patient flow had finally ended just before you called, and I had the rest of the afternoon free. Well, save for these paperwork. So, more or less like you,” it was Cas’ turn to showed Dean his desk, he switched the camera to the back and stood up while videoing his work desk. “Not sure if you could understand my writings, but those are my notes for patients. I should have yours somewhere.”
Jack quickly swallowed to answer Dean, "Don't worry about that, Dean, we understand. Actually, last night Eileen and I had a discussion about The Empty's origin. Eileen seemed highly interested in it."
“Oh my God, that’s what the dude who worked there said!” Claire reflexively shouted, and made the men on the dining table look at her weird. “So, there was this waiter who suddenly walked past us when we were talking about the place, and when I said I thought people there would be in leather and chains, he said that
The short haired man smiled at the message, then he made a mental note to call Castiel on his way to the car while continued packing his bag. After making sure that he didn’t left anything, Dean waved goodbye to his colleagues, who were still lounging around there before heading out to his car (Balthazar and Benny were unseen, probably they had left when he was still teaching).
Castiel just laid there, blinked and watched his children fight over the car - if he wasn’t mistaken. Sometimes Castiel wondered how did he manage to raise
Both men ate in silence, probably because they were hungry and wanted to savour what were before them. Or perhaps it was only for Cas, who enjoys his food. Every once in a while he hummed happily, and it made Dean equally happy to see the usually serious dentist to let loose and enjoy his meal without any thought of his patients. The galaxy-blue orbs shone brightly everytime Cas took a spoonful of his soup into his mouth.
fault that he wasn’t ready to check on him at five-fifteen? “Look, Naomi, I’m currently having my very late lunch. Could you please tell him that I’ll be ready for him at six, as appointed?”
"Back at you, Cas. I'm so happy that you're here," she copied what Sam did and with a bonus, a peck on the cheek.
“But,” the boy-God looked up to the Queen of Hell with pleading eyes and arms pointing to his two adoptive fathers. Just like a child who was told to go to bed right after his favourite TV show about to start.
Another silence fell between them, and Castiel was glad that Charlie had taken refuge at the dining table. He would feel so bad for Charlie if she was still with them, listening to this painfully awkward conversation.
“Look, man, if it will be weird for you, I understand. I-I-I don’t want anything to be weird between us, and-“
"Precisely, and now we're in the discussion, are you willing to become a demon, again, and we'll make you half-dead? Or maybe dead enough, so you can go to The Empty to rescue your boyfriend?"
Dean turned the engine on and the car let out a loud and perfect purr that showed she’s ready to go. The driver turned to the man sitting next to him and wiggled his eyebrows, before letting the car rolled to the road.
Eileen’s mouth made an “o” shape as she heard Dean’s short lecture on Cas’ vessel. Then she smiled and said, “Cas had good eyes. Jimmy is a good looking man.”
with Cas to his room, Dean knew that he would have that goofy smile stuck on his face until the next day. At least. He honestly never planned to have Cas staying for the night, the plan was Dean driving Cas and Juliet home after they finished watching a film.
As the call ended, Dean released the breath he didn't know he was holding. He'll be seeing Cas soon. Didn't they just met yesterday?
He wondered if Charlie was still interested in going with him. Castiel asked Charlie to go with him as his plus one, given the circumstances that she already knew Abaddon and Balthazar really well, and had met with Gabriel once. At least she knew more people, besides Castiel, on that weekend. Moreover, by having Charlie there would mean extra support for Castiel, especially with his father
Dean could feel his eyes sting, and his visions started to blur with tears. “Cas? Is this really you?” he couldn’t help to feel silly for throwing Cas a similar question the second time the angel was brought back from The Empty by Jack.
“So, what are you up to today, Cas? Oh, are you with a patient? Shit, I should’ve asked you that before doing this video-call. Sorry, Cas, so much for a surprise call, yeah?”
“I believed the workers are zombies,” Bela snorted when the two brothers with her blew up with laughter at her answer. “God, that was an awful thing to say. They are all following orders, just like
Castiel was sometimes amazed that many people wouldn’t take him and Abaddon as twins when they first saw them. Sure, they were on different genders, but they both shared many physical characteristics. Both twins had lush brown hair — although Castiel still had his natural hair colour, light brown, and Abaddon was more reddish-brown since she dyed it. Her natural hair colour was red, just like their mother, while Castiel took after their father. Another feature that they share was a pair of striking blue eyes, just like their father.
“Thank you, Dean, the whisky is fine. Well, my adventure in The Empty was brief, even briefer than my first time. Both were thanks to Jack, who rescued me from there both times. Thank you, Jack.”
It was a photo of him and Cas at Gabriel’s event. Dean didn’t remember what he was talking about, but the expression on Cas’ face was priceless. The dentist was looking at him with all of his attention and he got that soft look on his face, as he got his blue eyes locked on Dean. There was a small smile on his face, that clearly was reserved for Dean. Maybe Charlie was right, he was The One Ring and Cas was Gollum.
Where everything that happened was way far from perfect. It would be the day that He dreaded, the day that He couldn’t control the stories He wrote.
“Well, yeah, Cas. I like dogs,” the smile in Dean’s voice made Cas released an exhale that he didn’t knew he was holding. “You want to bring the puppy?”
CASTIEL COULDN’T REMEMBER when was the last time he let his excitement out with someone who wasn’t Gabriel or Claire. Sure, there was Balthazar, but that felt like a lifetime ago, and it was different. With Balthazar, Castiel felt more like a child who just get to see the world for the first time. While with Dean now, he felt a different kind of excitement, it was more like when he first move to England, and when he moved to this city. That kind of excitement, to see what he will face if he took another step forward.
A simple – if not generic – name, but it sent a sharp jolt to Castiel’s heart, and he quickly wear his thick-framed glasses and looks down to the folder Meg had given him to hide the blush on his cheeks. “Yes, my parents were quite religious, they named their children after angels.”
Dean sniffled and wiped his eyes using the sleeve of his henley again. He then smiled to Rowena, “I honestly don’t know, but before you two came, Sam was looking for a spell that can get us to The Empty. Or probably to call you, Jack, so we can ask for your help to rescue Cas and maybe help us look for Eileen. Sam was anxious about Eileen, he had tried to reach her, but it’s been three days, and it’s still
That was an answer that made Dean's heart drummed faster, "Cool. Okay, let's go buy dinner for everyone, Cas."
Abaddon sucked through her teeth, “You know, Cassie, not that I don’t love you, but I’d prefer that you
He spent the rest of the film enjoying the chemistry between Hillary Swank and Gerard Butler and later her and that other butt-naked guy. This is a cute and sad film.
Castiel waited until his nurse was behind the door before turning to his new patient. “Hello, Mr. Winchester. My name’s Castiel, thank you for trusting us for your dental health. Please sit down.”
who I assume is still in last night’s clothes with all that bed hair?” he then claimed a seat across the beautiful woman. “And please, could you not make it sound weirder than it already is?”
“He, uh,” Cas smiled to his hands on the table, “he went around using his middle name, Dmitri, and pretend that he was a Russian descendant throughout the trip.”
The calling made Castiel chuckled, how his niece always addressed Gabriel just with his name, never with an ‘Uncle’, since that trickster of a brother of Cas’ always treated Claire like his baby sister. And his father, Lucifer Novak, let him.
The laughing man finally stood up straight and wiped his tears. “Nah. Nothing, man. You’re good. Come on, anything else you wanna get?”
Soon after the lunch bell rang, Dean grabbed Benny and drag him to the deli across the road to the school building. They made their order and sat outside, enjoying the warm weather.
The man in grey robe returned to his room to brush his teeth and get dressed. Before he walked out, he threw the grey robe carelessly to a chair, a different one than the green two-seater chair that still had his shirts on it. Then he gave the bed an equal careless treatment, by throwing the blanket over the mattress, and left it without even tucked it in. There was also a pizza box still sitting on the coffee table, next to the green chair. He gave a quick look to his room, that looked even
It was a private property, but it was obvious that there was something happened inside. Probably a party of some sort. Castiel decided to park his car on the back, when he saw that there were no space in front area.
“Nah, you can take it, Claire,” Benny replied as he led Claire and Dean to walk and see the cab that waited in front of the bar. “If you’re coming over tomorrow to pick up your car and you don’t see us, just say that you left it with me or Dean. I’ll let everyone know later about your car.”
There was also a time where Castiel had to move Dean’s face a little, and he almost moan when touching the man’s face, even over his gloves. What kind of facial treatment Dean owned to have such soft and gentle skin? Not that he mind. At all. The stubble was another thing for Castiel – since he had to bit his lips behind the masker to prevent himself moving forward and bit Dean’s instead, Spider-man-style – while running his finger on those early-stage facial hair.
“But this, after everything that I've done to you, to die at the hands of Sam Winchester, of Dean Winchester, the ultimate
“Yeah, he told me,” Dean could feel that that wasn’t the heartfelt reunion that he was expecting from Cas, who died after confessing his
"Uh," Jack started, and clearly he was treading carefully not to touch Dean's bad side at the moment. "I, uh, the last time I was there, The Empty said something about me making it loud when I was about to explode. Do you think something happened?"
working brain cells available now, he couldn’t overlook the fact that he was crowded to the fridge with one hand next to his face and the other next to his waist.
“You shut up!” Dean could feel his face flushed of the correct accusation. “I can’t talk to him until the weekend is over.”
As he heard his name was being called, Castiel lifted up his head from his phone screen and looked to the owner of the familiar voice.
After few silent moments, Dean continued while turning to the man next to him, “I wouldn’t mind even if it was planned, you know. I had a good time.”
The so-done expression that was shown on the little brother’s face had said enough of his unsaid opinion. “Yeah, or vampires.”
The eldest of the Novak children, Michael, is the good son and crown prince. He never doubted his father and always do as what their father said. Anna, the only daughter and Michael’s twin sister, is more or less as devoted to Charles as Michael. However, she knew when to refused and stood up to their father when needed. Then, the sibling right before Castiel is Gabriel, the joker and trickster of the four, and the only one who actually noticed how upset Castiel is towards their father, and understands.
“I still have Jody and the girls left,” Dean replied before taking a chip and bit it. He then waved the chip in his hand to the other three people, “Do you think I should tell Claire about Cas now, or wait until we’re sure that we can bring him back?”
They laid down there, enjoying the bliss and catching their breaths. After a few moments, Dean felt Cas' two fingers were on his forehead. Dean chuckled and kissed the top of Cas' head. "You can't do that anymore, Cas. You're human, you have to do the hard way. Get your ass up, walk to the bathroom, and take a shower to clean yourself up."
After a few moments, he finally got up from his bed and put on the oversized grey robe before shuffling to the kitchen. The kitchen was already active when the man walked in with his dog, that answered to the name Miracle, followed closely, the smell of fried bacon filled the air, and there were sounds of someone moving about in there. It was his little brother who was busy on the stove, cooking and preparing breakfast. Something that came unusually for him, since the little brother was hardly a man of the kitchen. But, probably everything changed when Eileen came into his life, and she seemed fond of working on new recipes.
Castiel smiled at that, "I understand, Dean, and I expect you to do the same to me. Also, please refrain from killing yourself. I mean, no more locking yourself in a Ma'lak Box and asking Sam and me to throw you to the Pacific Ocean."
"Maybe you can start leaving the old Winchester way, Cas," Sam smiled to the former angel, "Jack here had set the new rule for Winchesters."
psychologically if you ever hurt him,” Balthazar delivered the warning with a casual sweet smile and a cheerful tone to go along.
“No, I can manage. You and Jack just relax, Dean, also Sam can help me,” she replied with a knowing soft expression.
There was silence from the other line for few seconds, that made Castiel had a slight concern he had said something wrong.
He didn't expect Dean to say that. All Cas knew Dean would lose one of his family members when he died, but he didn't know that it affected Dean that much. "Okay, Dean. I'm sorry."
Rowena leaned forward on the table and placed her chin on top of her knuckles. "It would be our pleasure to help you in getting Castiel back, Team Free Will 2.0. We'll do our best, right, Fergus?"
“I know! Last time we met was at my graduation. Did you go back to England?” Sam received the menu books from the waiter, and handed one to Bela, as Dean received another from the waiter.
Mick received Castiel’s not-so-subtle invitation well, on the next second he was on his knees and pulled the other man’s pants lower, and the smile on his face got wider as he saw Castiel’s cock sprung free. But Mick didn’t service him immediately. Just like the man he lured to this janitor closet, he teased.
The man whom they asked for the third opinion was only stood there and looked at them both as if they sprouted another head from their shoulders. After a few seconds, Bobby shook his head and turned on his heels, leaving the boys with their fight. Little did the brothers knew, there was a smile on Bobby’s face as he walked out, how he missed having their ridiculous argument in his house.
“Yeah, man,” and it seemed his laughter was contagious to Dean, “Sam and his plus one, Charlie, will surely be coming with us, we’re gonna pick her up first anyway, and the Balz just have to blurt, ‘Oh, you
Oblivious to the smooth baiting, Dean answered excitedly, “Right? I told Cas that the view was too spectacular to be left behind everyday to work. He should find a job that can be done from home.
"He's out, I don't know where he went, or when he's gonna be back, honestly," the broad-shouldered man replied as he extended his hand, "my name's Dean. I'm Benny's roommate, don't worry.
This time, there was a hint of trauma on Sam's face when he started to talk about the watch, "Chuck used that to show me the future. You remember when he got Eileen and me at that casino, then you and Cas came with that ball that I had to crushed, but I didn't."
Eileen placed a hand on Dean's shoulder, and her expression became softer when Dean turned to face her. "Then we will find a way for you to rescue him, so you can tell Castiel how you're feeling for him."
Cas had the fingers on his right hand entwined with Dean's as he positioned himself on Dean's cock, then he lowered himself fully. He let out a soft groan as he sheathed Dean's cock fully, Cas then opened his eyes and looked at Dean with hooded eyes that were half-covered by his lashes.
He swore he just clicked Send to his message, but a reply from Charlie had already arrived. Castiel always wondered how Charlie typed
He couldn't help himself, Dean quickly sheathed Cas' cock with his mouth, while his hands were teasing the other man's nipples. He hummed in amusement while bobbing his head on Cas' shaft when he felt Cas thrashed underneath him because of the works of his mouth and fingers. Dean released Cas' cock in an agonising flow, and once he had Cas entirely out of his mouth, Dean ran his tongue all along the underside of the shaft. Just so he could make Cas released another filthy moan.
It was not the time, but Dean suddenly had a vision in his head where he crowded Cas in the shower cubicle, under the pouring water. Cas’ dark hair would be flattened to his forehead, and his
"Thanks, Dean," he could feel a slight shiver on his spine when he heard Dean's friendly baritone voice called his name. Castiel approached the kitchen table and drank the water. It was
“Hey, Claire,” Cas moved closer to his niece. “Thank you for being so supportive of me and Dean, and sorry that you have to hide something from your dad.”
As he walked to his Baby, Dean took out his phone and searched for Castiel’s name on the Contact List. Dean was staring at the name for few seconds before he finally tapped on the number to make a call. While he was waiting for the connecting line, Dean realised that his palms were sweaty and his face were hotter than before. Of course his heart also contributed in the excitement by beating uncontrollably.
Dean could feel his heart skip a beat when Eileen mentioned the place. He knew which room she meant. The very chamber that he'd been deliberately avoided ever since they returned to the bunker, even to do some research for this mission.
Dean blinked owlishly at that statement. He honestly didn't expect The Empty to be this easy to talk with, considering he had tried to reason with a God and a King of Hell before. Dean thought of this as he looked to Crowley, who looked back at him and shrugged in question.
Castiel could feel his mouth dried only from the sight of the tall man before him. Tall, broad shoulders and chest, jawline as chiseled as Greek god sculptures, and cheekbones that could cut papers, or his inner thigh when he’s ….
“Home,” Dean answered shortly as he unlocked Cas’ side of the car and opened the door for him. “I’m sorry, Cas, but I get uneasy if there’s dog smell inside Baby. So, I use this,” he continued as going around the car and get in from the driver’s side. “This is my grandfather’s, I found it in the garage, and it still worked beautifully.”
So the voice switched again. Not the soft one during dinner nor the harsh one as before, but it was steady, low, and submissive. It was the voice of regret. The apology, however, made the storm of wonder in Castiel’s head tamed down. Although, it was hard to passed his mind the way Dean reacted when he didn’t respond to the messages.
So, he continued to walk to the nearest bus stop, and according to Google Map, he was chasing the right bus to get to the diner.
“Well, I, uh, I can make some food, Cas. I can look for the recipes if you want,” Dean leant back on his chair again, “okay, we’ve covered pasta and American. What if we cooked something Asian now?”
, just now!” Charlie pointed a finger to Castiel's face and made a circle around it. The smile on her face grew wider when she knew that the man who sat opposite him was going to throw a disapproval note. Unfortunately, it was cut when a woman’s voice called before them, to Castiel’s name.
He looked down to Cas who was still laying on his back, panting, and opened wide for him. It was probably one of the most beautiful sights of Cas that Dean ever saw. He aligned himself into Cas while giving him kisses on his face to loosen the tensions. As Dean slid in, he heard Cas let out a throaty "Ah!" before Dean caught his lips with his own again.
As he saw the toothy smile, Dean could feel the typhoon inside his chest was shying away and replaced by warmth that was quickly filling up his chest with a familiar comfort, like the one he had when talking with Cas over beer at his balcony, or discussing films at one of his favourite restaurant.
“What? Why should I? Why are you calling again, Gabe?” Castiel straightened his back, as he could hear his big brother laughed menacingly and he became even more suspicious of the purpose of the call.
“Get your ass ready and come to the address I sent you,” Gabriel commanded through the phone, “and take Claire!”
The blue eyes that were looking at him with fondness had now turned worried, and Dean didn’t like that.
to look for a conversation topic that wouldn't be too suspicious or gave an impression that he wanted to know more about Dean.
The shorter man almost tripped when he felt Dean’s hand landed on the low of his back, guiding him to a classic car. A black and red 1965 Ford Mustang. “Oh, what happened to the Impala?”
“Yeah, he usually blamed the French in him for that. I met Balthazar when I was looking for a place to stay, and Crowley told me that the place he lived in was one tenant short, so he offered me if I would like to look.”
“Who cares what we call him? Look, all that matters is he got us back online,” Dean laughed, and it was evident in his eyes that he was proud of Jack, the son that he didn’t know he would have. With his brother and his best friend, to add to the bizarreness.
Dean blinked and tried so hard to hide the puzzlement on his face, "That's an unusual tone of answer. I mean, you
One of Dean’s high school friends, Benny, lived in the same city and told him about an opening at the school he worked at. So, Dean sent them his CV and only in one month time he was a PE teacher at said school.
“Oh, come on, Castiel. It’s been ages since we have some nice girl talk. Come on, tell me more about him.”
“Your brother. Sammy,” Castiel paused and cocked his head to the side when he saw Dean looked at him like he had a third eye suddenly popped out on his forehead, instead of looking straight to the road, then he continued, “you told me that you have a brother whose name was like mine.”
“So, Bela, thank you for the invitations. That’s very nice of you,” Dean started, while they were waiting for a waiter to bring the menu.
Cas pushed Juliet back to the seat, “Yeah, supposed so. It’s not like we’re gonna spend hours inside, right? I’ll keep the window open.”
“Great. Could you get Sammy and Charlie while you’re at it, Cas? His room was on the other side of the house. Just follow the mutt’s sound. Thanks, man!”
There was a comforting jolt in Cas’ chest as he heard Dean’s statement. “You really mean it? You want me to stay?”
He didn't feel this yesterday, everything was fine. Dean needed to distract his mind off Cas for a moment, and decided to plan out the evening.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean sniffled as he wiped his tears. “I’m not gonna let you get away after saying that, you sonuvabitch.”
Dean slide both of his hands into his pockets, without shrugging Balthazar’s arm off, before he answered the other man, “Sammy, of course, and our friend, Charlie. Have you met her? Red hair, glittery, adorkable?”
And that was when Dean’s face shone brighter than anything Cas had ever seen. “Awesome! So anything you wanna make tomorrow? I can go shopping later tonight after work.”
“Oh, okay. You alright? You looked stressed,” Dean eyed him concernedly, and pushed a new bottle of beer to the direction of the man across him.
When he read the name of the place, Dean frowned, “That place claimed that they cooked their chicken in a healthy way. Something like fat reducing or whatever. How is
realise it. How did he didn’t realise that Cas was actually reciprocating his feelings? Dean had been having it ever since he saw Cas died as Leviathan’s vessel, and returned as Emmanuel.
“Are you sure you’re alright, Dean?” Castiel started to worry with the other man’s condition. “Do you need something for that?”
A small smile shown on his face at the word ‘lunch’, since the practice he will be going to was located in the same building as the small canteen he had his lunch today, perhaps he could have another meal there. To save time, obviously, and not because of one of the customers there.
Sam looked up from his plate to his big brother, “What? You guys still have something in the kitchen to eat?”
Dean slithered his arms around Cas’ shoulders, when he stopped the kiss, to take a look at the angel who was laughing sheepishly. Never in his forty-one year of life, he thought that he would see an angel blushing and giggling as Cas did, and it was a celestial level of cuteness.
The woman on the phone hummed for a quick second, then she talked again to the phone, “Okay, Mr. Winchester, you are scheduled today at two here, correct?”
Rowena threw her hands as if that was the most obvious option there was. "Exactly, boy-o! I can even help you adjust the time to give you more time rescuing your angel. An hour, two hours, it's all in the ingredients."
“Oh no,” Rowena reached for Dean’s hand that was playing with the whisky glass. She then rose up to her feet and quickly shuffled to Dean, “Oh, my wee lad, no. I’m so sorry.”
"Apparently in schools, especially the religious ones, they don't talk about Purgatory and The Empty," Jack added.
“What? No,” Dean quickly replied before more questions came, “I don’t have anyone at the moment. I’d rather keep it casual. It’s just too much of a fuss, a relationship, and I don’t think I can afford it now.”
“It was Jack!” This time it was Dean who spoke, which was probably a little bit too excited for the situation. It was evident in his voice that he tried to avert Sam’s attention, or memory, from what just happened seconds ago. “Jack had actually saved Cas from The Empty, and now he’s here. Isn’t that great, Sammy?”
He locked his phone and put it on the table again, then he claimed the remote before continues his story absent-mindedly, “We were planning to have dinner today, at his place. But, something came up and I have to cancel.
“Next to the door, I can wear it later when we’re going out. Yours?” Claire answered without looking, since she was busy with Misha.
“Oh, Samandriel? Yes, he’s my younger brother. Have you met Sammy?” Castiel closed Dean’s folder before he took his glasses off and looks deep into Dean’s eyes through his pair of galaxy-coloured eyes.
Dean knew that Crowley, as always, might have something up his sleeve, but he couldn't quite place it at all, it wasn't discussed between them. Clearly, it brought satisfaction to the black-suited man, and it made Crowley's smile wider.
Dean returned Cas’ smile as the dentist received the laundry bag and started to fold up his shirt neatly before he put it inside the bag. He might don’t realise it, but for a few moments both of Dean and Cas were trapped in silence, and they were enjoying every second of it. Dean stood in front of his door, he watched Cas caring for his clothing and place the laundry bag delicately on the chair next to the bed.
“Right,” Dean had his attention back to his laptop, for a few moments, before he closed it and looked at Jack again. “Honestly, I don’t know what I want to do when Cas is back. Okay, that's not entirely true, I
Well, apparently it wasn’t that easy when the person he was about to ring was one Castiel Novak. Dark hair, brilliant blue eyes, beautiful smile.
"Well, apparently not," Dean chuckled and took it back from Sam and put it on the floor between them. "You know about this thing?"
Eileen nodded in agreement. “However, don’t think that you don’t deserve to get what you want, Dean. After what you’ve done, you deserved it as much as the rest of us did. We will help you. Sam, Jack, and I, we will help you get Cas back.”
As Eileen led Jack to the dungeon, Dean silently had his eyes following them. Deep down, he was thankful to Eileen for coming up with the idea to check the archives there with Jack. He really didn't want to be the one who should go there.
The phone in Dean’s hand was almost thrown to the air as he jumped when hearing Benny’s low voice. “Jesus, Benny, don’t do that!”
Castiel laughed and moved forward to throw a hug at his former lover. Balthazar was the love of Castiel’s life, even though the ‘love’ here was more platonic, but he would proudly paraded that the flamboyant man was his.
The voice caught Castiel’s attention from the objection he was about to throw to Charlie. Instead, he was all lighted up and smiled widely, “Abbie, hey! What are you doing here?” he got up from his seat and gave a quick hug to his twin sister.
The familiar voice made Dean turned his face to the source, “Heya, Sammy,” he responded with his mouth full. “Thought you guys are asleep. Eileen here?”
"Thank you," Dean continued his plan of talking civilised-ly with The Empty. "Look, why do you need Cas here anyway? He's practically human. He fell from Heaven, and Heaven basically didn't want him anymore. Also, he's not a demon, unlike Lucifer. He's something between Heaven and Hell, a human. Based on how he treated humans and what he said to me - which you'd probably know as well - he has grown a heart, he practically has a soul."
, I guess?” Castiel closed the menu book and put it aside. “My best bet was he didn’t think it through when he took me to his place. Unfortunately enough, I woke up later than him. But, fortunately for me, I met his oh-so fucking
Cas chuckled and shrugged, “Well, it was almost like, Dean. You didn’t read the instruction and made me read it. You didn’t even wait for me to finish reading it.”
They continued washing the dishes in a lighter mood, and Dean even made some jokes to Jack that needed further explanations for him to get it. Those were the times where Dean concluded that maybe Jack wasn’t as matured as he thought.
Dean took Juliet’s leash from Cas’ hands and opened the flat’s door, “Four. You, me, Sammy, and Charlie. Let’s make another one. Salad?”
“Oh, Sammy, you’re the best brother!” Dean’s face beamed at the sight of the box. “Okay, I’m up, I’m gonna cook us dinner.”
"Many. Interesting enough, each of them had a version of us. The one we discovered first was the one with the Winchester bloodline ended with our father. Hence, the apocalyptic ambience and Cas was this somewhat Nazi-like angel soldier."
Sam started again, "I wouldn't be surprised if Billie wanted you as Death to help Dean crossing to The Empty and create chaos there searching for you, Cas. I mean, she'd known how Dean would go berserk if something happened to you."
He looked up to find Dean was eyeing back to him and lifting his hand to softly run the tip of his fingers on the side of Cas’ face. It was light and chaste against Cas’ skin, a ghostly touch that sent a massive reaction to his body. He could feel the blood in his body went to two separate places. His face and his groin.
"Hey, no worries. I threw you the bait," Castiel raised both of his hands, "if you didn't ask, I might provide you the information anyway."
Somehow, it didn’t occurred in Castiel’s mind to rekindled the amorous flame he once had with Balthazar. In fact, it felt even better to have the blond as a good friend only, and he knew Balthazar would feel the same.
“Correct,” Dean grinned and nods. “Hey, I could pick you and Juliet up, then we’ll go shopping and then, my place, dinner and movie.”
For the second time that afternoon, Castiel gave Dean the tilt of head, and this time he narrowed his eyes that made him looked utterly confused, “What’s the matter? Is everything alright?”
Dean turned the car’s engine on and looks at his reflection in the rear-view mirror, only to push it slightly upwards so it wasn’t facing him again. He then looked out the front window, and sighed.
“Well, I kinda always knew that you’re into both sides,” (“What?”), “it kinda showed, Dean. But, you were always more to women when it came to relationship, or something close to it. What made you decided that you can go for one with Castiel?”
“Cassie,” Balthazar suddenly pushed Dean aside and wrapped Cas in a tight hug. “I miss you, gorgeous.”
“That’s very pleasant to hear, thank you, Alex,” Dean did a little bow that followed his approval of Alex’s comment. “So … anybody else?”
The young doctor then realised he had been standing still for few seconds, and it started to raise a worry (or curiousity) on his nurse. “Yes, Meg. Thank you, I’ll take it from here.”
Dean could feel the phone in his hand vibrated, and when he looked, it was a message from Ellen. They were
"I'm just messin' with ya, you adorable squirrel. The fact that you, Samuel, Jack, and Eileen accepted Fergus and me as part of your family is enough payback. Maybe I should mend things with Fergus as well, now that we both got what we want. Can you imagine him being Death? He'll be having a field day."
“Right, you’d want to reschedule … um … there’s an empty slot today with Doctor Novak at six, will that work with you, Sir?”
"Okay, Dean," Cas placed his hands on each side of Dean's head and brought the older Winchester's forehead to meet his.
The dentist stopped stirring his soup and his eyes widened again to an inhuman state. The look on his face was almost painful to Dean, it was as if Castiel would state something unpleasant to the man before him. “Uh, I … my brother and my niece will be here this weekend. I have to babysit her. She’s Lucifer’s daughter, so … I’m practically living in her house now.”
far to save Cas. “I could ask around if you want, Dean. Maybe someone could have information about it. But I can't promise it would be fast.”
The giggling between Eileen, Rowena, and Jack didn't stop when Dean asked the question. Hence, Rowena gave her reply as she leant her chin on top of her intertwined fingers, "We were just acquainting, love. I was just telling stories about our adventures together."
“Awesome,” Dean grinned as he moved forward and placed his weight on his crossed arms on the table, and apparently this excitement made Castiel laughed (which will be stored in Dean’s mind).
“Hey, that’s okay, doesn’t have to be new meal, Cas. If you got something you’re used to make and you love it, we can go with that. Except pasta.”
"I-I'm going to try to sleep. They will start early tomorrow," Cas threw back the rest of the wine and put the glass on the sink. "Good night, Dean."
The younger brother turned his face to the older one, "What do you mean?' asked a very confused Castiel.
the room. His jeans were on one end-corner of the mattress, his t-shirt somehow landed on the telly across the bed, and his jacket was on the floor. He tried to search for his underwear, but he couldn't find it, and he was still too lazy to get up and searched.
Sam sat on the chair across Dean, with a giddiness of a puppy, that made Dean smiled since he knew Sam had always have a crush on Bela.
"Dean, hey, hey," Sam finally brought Dean closer and hugged his big brother. This was shocking for him, since he never saw Dean this vulnerable, in front of anyone. There were no defences anymore this time, Dean really let himself go, all because of Cas'
“He’s … stunning. Have you seen him?” Dean suddenly felt like a teenager when he felt his face heatened as he saw Benny shakes his head slowly. “I don’t know, man. I’m quite sure his eyes are hypnotic, that’s how he lured patients.”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean smiled to himself as he opened the fridge. Obviously he didn’t have the ingredients for that cuisine, so Dean just have to go with what he has now.
Dean swung his arms to the two people next to him as if presenting a magic trick. "Summoning Death might be worth trying, guys. I still remember parts of the spell from the last time I did it. Do you still remember it, Sammy?"
"Oh yeah, that really reminded me of my brother and I, meeting up once a month to catch up. His name is Samuel, and he worked in New York," there was a note of pride in Dean's voice when he gave the answer. "My brother and I, we, uh, we were close since we were little. Our parents died when I was six, and Sammy was two, then a friend of the family took us in and raised both of us as their own. When I was at uni, I could take a part-time job, so I can help Sammy with his school expenses, also so we won't burden our foster parents further. Sammy received a scholarship to study Law at Stanford, and now he's a Mr Lawyer in New York City."
Dean threw the drink back before he poured more. "Of course you might. The last time I went to Purgatory was with Cas, with Michael's help. Oh, in our universe, Michael possessed our half brother, Adam. So, Michael opened up the rift to cross over there. Neither Cas and I died when we did that, we just … crossed over, really."
Cas was looking down on him with worry on his face. Dean then took a look around and saw familiar settings; stone walls, shelves with books that were obviously age older than him, study desks, chairs.
“Yeah,” Dean answered with a huff. “We’re planning to have dinner again tonight, before he pick up his brother and niece. But he cancelled it last minute, said that there’s a dinner meeting or whatever with his boss. That kind of dinner won’t be a quick eat and go, will it?” Dean continued with unnecessary details that they had done in preparation for their dinner.
Dean chuckled at Eileen's confession, he really felt grateful that it was the two people in front of him who found him asleep. He could imagine the scolding he would get if it was Sam. Not that he didn't like what his brother would do, it just he probably didn't have the energy to face that right after he was awakened from sleep, and at his current state.
When the kitten gave mewl of happiness, Castiel patted his hands to his pants and walk back to his practice.
“Yeah, that’s another story,” Sam scoffed, “I can only say that Dean was responsible for the death of both Deaths.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the new plan. He knew that Crowley would go home to England twice or three times in a year, but it was always a well-planned trip, unlike this one where it was so sudden. “Sure, Crowley. Is everything alright back home?”
“Okay. When I was little, my family went to the beach and Gabriel took me for a walk. He was so excited and run around on the beach, jumped to the water and splashing about. I was having my own good time seeing my big brother on the sea, but I didn’t have the courage to join him.”
Dean looked up from the phone in his hand when he heard a particularly cheerful Scottish accent suddenly come to the room. A smile formed on his lips as he saw the familiar figure with lush ginger hair in front of him and showed a bottle of red wine on her right hand and a whiskey bottle on her left hand.
He never thought that he’d have another chance to see him. Castiel could never forget those beautiful eyes and mouth, and the way those lips pouted when he looked like having a serious thought. What would Castiel give to have those lushful eyes and lips above him, and to have him …
When they parted, Cas was flushing from the heat and adrenaline. His big blue eyes looked up to Dean, as he puffed for air. He didn't know why he did that, angels weren't supposed to breathe, but somehow there was something in him that made him need to control his breath.
Dean surely expected that from Sam, since he watched his little brother grew up with various stories, urban legend, and mythologies from all over the world. But Cas … Dean honestly thought Cas would be all academic, or the kind of literature person. He never thought as Cas to be on Sam’s area.
Benny’s steel blue eyes widened at the last addition of information, “Nothing fancy? Dean, that is a whole
“I still don’t know honestly,” Castiel sighed, then he ran his finger on the lips of his glass. “I mean, I'd love to tell Mum. I think, I
Castiel decided to wait for them while having his mind flew to his to-do list for today. For this week he had two projects to work on, and one deadline to meet on Thursday. The first one, of course, the tablets that he was working on with Charlie and the team. The one for Thursday was a short article on creative writing that he was asked to do as a contributor on an online portal belonging to his friend. It was quite curious why his friend asked him to do it since what Castiel did was more to the academic side. But, if he gave it a more profound thought, maybe creative thinking and writing also played some parts in creating a meaningful academic paper or article.
“It’s warm, Dean, really,” Cas sat on one of the chairs and fold his knees to his chest. “So, uh, which one you guys are watching now? The Ghibli marathon.”
“Great. You’re on your way yet?” Dean took a left turn and lowered his speed when he saw a kid on bicycle was going on the side of the road.
Benny chuckled hearing Dean’s story, “That’s new, you’re looking into someone’s eyes during a date.”
Balthazar’s seductive purr was a great challenge for Dean to hold his laughter, however he managed to keep his bitch-face expression on. That he knew Balthazar could never resist. “You finished?”
Dean almost couldn’t hold himself not to pounce Cas for standing there oh-so adorably. His clothes suddenly looked too large for him somehow, and he was rubbing the back of his hair and looked at Dean like a lost puppy.
"Well, well, look who's up," Rowena was the first one replying to him, as she was standing in front of the new bookshelf that was the closest to the library's entrance. "How're you feeling today, dove?"
I have been neglecting this fic too long, ain't I? I'm terribly sorry, guys, and thank you very much for keep on waiting for this fic to get updated!
When Dean arrived at the library, he saw a figure that he knew well. Dean smiled and went approaching the small study group in the library. “Hey, Amara, you're back!”
The man on the screen adjusted the way he’s laying down. Dean placed one arm on the back of his head, and the other hand was holding the phone above his face. “I had school’s lunch. Hamburger and pie, which  I’m sure I could make a better one. Shit, this is not comfortable,” he grumbled and sat up, with his back low on the sofa and both hands holding up the phone.
“Well, I won’t say Lucifer was the nicest person of all. He is a lawyer, mind you. A shark, legend has it. He has a lot of enemies, I’m sure, and he probably had done nasty works. But, when it comes to family, Lucifer knows where his priorities are.”
Lucifer did that, but now he was glad that his big brother gave the apartment for his use, and he was
“I just started, Dad took me to a putt-putt golf once, and I got hooked. Then he enrolled me in a course, so, yeah, I guess I play golf now, Uncle Cassie,” she smiled cheekily.
“Anyway, what’s your plan for today?” Castiel pushed the empty pancake plate to the middle of the table. “Looking for another conquest?”
Dean raised his eyebrows at the question, before drinking his beer. “What year is it? Am I fifteen again?”
Samuel Winchester turned his attention to his big brother dramatically, “What is this? Has the time actually came?”
“Yes, I was about to tell you that dinner is served on the table,” Cas joined Sam and Charlie sitting on the floor. “Anyway, Sam, Charlie, I … I want to say thank you for allowing me to join you for dinner here at your home.”
The British dentist looked at Castiel as if he just sported a brand new leg on top of his head. “You’re still daft as ever,” he mumbled, and when his friend returned the look, Crowley decided that he had to elaborate. “Come on, Castiel, you had dinner with him and he willed to see you again. It’s not rocket science, mate. Where did you guys had dinner?”
Castiel slide his phone back into his pants’ pocket, and that was when he saw the bus is coming. He hadn’t got a chance to prepare himself to board the bus, as it stops, but already he felt someone bumped him from the side. It was a middle aged woman with hair as high as a beehive. The woman didn’t even apologised to him, she darted her way, splitting the crowd (with a short protest and shouts from the crowd that she passed) and hopped inside the the bus. Castiel could only stand with his jaw dropped as he watched the woman did so.
were they doing. When he didn’t receive any answer, Dean continued to the kitchen, and absent-mindedly he opened the fridge to see what he might found inside. He discovered that his shelves in the refrigerator really need some help in refilling. At the same time, Sammy’s part already filled with colourful vegetables and fruits, and other healthy snacks.
Castiel scoffed lightly before replying, “Hello, Dean,” and he grabbed Dean’s jacket to pull him closer for more kisses.
A smile showed on Dean's face when he heard the other man's answer, what he didn't hear was the under the breath swearing from Castiel when Dean's smile was showing. "Same, Cas. Your stories are interesting and exciting, it was also really amusing seeing you telling stories about things that you're passionate about. Although I should realise that some of your stories matched Abaddon's."
It was like on flash-forward, the man in dark navy jacket beelined to the nearest pie stand and got himself some pie to devour. After a few minutes of trucks hopping, he returned to his little brother carrying a box filled with six slices of pie. That, of course, earned a slightly worried look from his little brother. Although this time, there was more than that, and it wasn't judgemental, like usual.
"Hey, hey, hey, Cas, you okay. You okay, buddy, you're okay," Dean got down and placed his hand on Castiel's injured throat as the angel groaned in pain.
out of his league. Once again, Dean felt like he lost a fight he hadn’t even had the chance to face on.
"I don't have to gossip about you," Rowena defended herself, "almost every demon in Hell knew about an angel who fell in love with the Righteous Man. Some of them were even upset, you know, when they learnt that Castiel was taken by The Empty. They rooted for you two."
Castiel laughed at that answer, and silently he was grateful that he can laugh at that now. He could still remember how he was so very much in love with Balthazar, only to have the relationship he was dreaming of went down the drain, because Balthazar was not keen on taking the next step with him. Or even with anyone in this matter.
“Oh, please, no need for formality,” Amara waved a hand, “we all made mistakes. Before I sent Metatron to you, I had to release him from this secret Heaven’s jail that I sent him to a few years ago. I’m so sorry, Metatron. I promise I won’t do that again. In fact, I had had that jail removed now.”
“Yeah,” there was a soft sigh on Castiel’s voice that could hardly missed, “I’ve got some paperworks to do, I think I have to bring home some of them to work on. I think I will get a take out on the way home.”
The dentist suddenly froze in his spot, looking down to his patient, who was smiling widely to him. It wasn’t a position that he ever expected throughout his career as a dentist. In fact, he never saw any of his patient like so, no matter how attractive they were, until he met one Dean Winchester.
Rowena looked directly into Dean's eyes, "I have to be honest with you, Dean, I don't know anything about this The Empty. Maybe you can tell me a bit about it, so I'll know what to do?"
Right after she replied, Claire knew that she shouldn’t add the last part as her father raised his eyebrows to her. But, what came next is more of a surprise to her. And Jack.
He started to track back his path. He remembered finishing work at home, then got ready for his night out with Balthazar and Charlie. They did several shots, and other drinks for Castiel, since some people sent him several glasses of liquors.
Cas lifted up his face from the phone in his hand and shuffled the working bag on his shoulder. He noticed that he was two steps behind from Dean, and he quickly jogged to catch up and handed the phone in his hand to Dean. “Here’s the address. Do you know the area?”
Dean smiled and closed the lif of the doughnut box, “Almost, but I backed out in the end. Suddenly I don’t feel like it.”
Dean didn’t reply; instead, he jumped up from the chair and ran up the bunker stairs, two steps at a time, just like what he did a few days ago. Only this time with more hope inside his chest. When he reached the top of the stairs, Dean pulled the heavy door open, and there he was.
Castiel was really taken aback with the familiarity from Dean. It was probably the first time his sexual adventure took an unusual turn from the roommate. "Orange juice sounds good. But, I might pass on the pancakes. I already have a plan to meet someone, uh, my sister."
"Deal. We'll talk more about do's and don'ts later. You know, making things up as we go," Cas grinned cheekily at the second sentence.
Before the dark haired man had approved what his brain was planning, his lips had released five words, “You want to come up?”
Next thing that happened was both brothers, and their faithful Impala, gathered under a tree. A map was spread on the hood, as well as their father’s journal. It was a sight that hasn’t been seen for a while, probably since they found the Men of Letters Bunker. There was a sense of nostalgia in the view, two brothers with their car on a case, doing a hunt in an old school way. But there was something that definitely missing from the sight.
"Right. So there's Moose, Squirrel, Mother, and you two," Crowley looked back and forth to Eileen, who was sitting next to Sam, and Jack, who was on the other table with Rowena. "I don't think we've met. I'm Crowley, former King of Hell, and apparently, I'm now upgraded to Death. Not sure if I should thank those two lumberjacks since I was dead from helping them. Just like any other people in their vicinity."
Dean could hear a faint laugh in the back of his head as he listened to that word. It’s not that he never had a girlfriend throughout his life, but he simply chose not to. Living with a committed relationship doesn’t seem like the kind of life for him, especially one with a woman. Yes, he enjoyed being with a woman - well, who
Dean looked at the ring on Crowley's index finger. He was familiar so much with it, given that he received it directly from the first Death when they wanted to open Lucifer's cage many years ago. He even had the opportunity to wear it and be Death for a while.
There was a look of concern on Eileen’s face before she raised her hands to sign, “Wait, so Cas is a walking deadman?”
Charlie’s facial expression scrunched even more when she heard Castiel’s reply, “You couldn’t come up with something better, could you? Some people go for a walk or buy snacks for breaks. You just have to go and
“Damn, Cas, you’re too good for him,” Charlie chuckled as she stepped closer to the sofa, “do you want the TV on? You know, so you won’t be in the dark and silence?”
Both Dean and Sam stopped teasing each other and received the beer bottles from Bobby with cheerful thanks. After they took a sip, it was Sam who spoke first. “Bobby, look, we were watching this Korean drama called
After years of going back and forth of the country, John finally took Bobby’s offer to work with him at one of the workshops he owned. With everything that happened, it only understandable if John wanted Dean to continue the work he’s done. However, even with Dean enjoyment to fixed cars and all that, especially his ’67 Impala, for him that was all just a hobby, not something that he would consider seriously as something to support his life.
The dark-haired man turned to Dean and nodded at the question, only to have his brother moves from his side and pushed Cas to the Dean, then walked to Charlie and Sam.
Is this what it is? First date? Didn't they already have it when they had dinner at that restaurant? True, they didn't arrive and leave together, but it already felt like so. And Dean could never denied that Cas looked terrific with his leather jacket, and he was halfly expecting the dentist will wear it again tonight. Although the dinner would be at  Dean’s.
“Cas,” the man whose name was called almost jumped from surprise, “Sam and Charlie will join us for dinner tomorrow, hope you don’t mind.”
“Hey, next time’s your turn to have dinner at my place, right? You can see the place for yourself, Cas.”
“Yeah, he put two and two together, and found out that the dog I want him to babysit is yours. Or so he knew it’s yours.”
“Ah, that’s good enough for me. So, he’s coming over again, or you two have something else in the agenda?”
Crowley blinked owlishly at the answer for a few seconds before actually responding. "You Winchesters really love to throw your lives away for others, yeah?"
When he knew that he almost caught his orgasm, Dean lifted Cas' legs and hooked them on his elbows as he thrust harder into Cas. His pace just got shattered as he felt his orgasm build, when Cas suddenly said, "Dean, bed."
The Castiel-like figure then swung his hand as if presenting something, then from the deep darkness behind him came a ball of bright blue light, just like angel grace. It grew more significant and more prominent in front of Dean and Crowley. Until it made a shape, a shape that was very much familiar to Dean, even before he saw the face.
The dentist smiled so bright, Dean felt like the room suddenly lit. “Sure,” he leaned his head on Dean’s side and on the next moment Dean swore Cas was
"Dean," Castiel realised that his answer might come off badly and too cold to Dean, and it wasn't even his fault entirely that he felt this way. He wanted to say something that might lighten up the mood, but he couldn't think of any. He looked up and saw Dean's expression was slightly shadowed by fear, or sadness. "Don't think much about it, Dean. Just … good luck, I guess, to all of us."
It was Crowley who found him first, by waving his hand to Castiel’s direction. He returned the wave with a small one, and when he saw the other person sitting with Crowley, Castiel felt a pang of joy that he never knew he needed.
He stood at Castiel’s door, looked all sharp and smart in black suit and shiny shoes, his slightly round face was roughly framed by facial hair that gave him an aristocratic impression, although more to the rogue side than regal. His hand was carrying a small cocktail glass filled with drink and tiny umbrella which colours could earn them silent roles in a Hindi musical movie.
With that, Amara smiled Her goodbye and let Metatron hang for a while to keep Becky Rosen company while she wrote her first Winchester gospel. Each book might take a bit for her to write, but somehow time worked differently every time she wrote a book, so she didn’t complain.
“Dean, do you know that Castiel means the shield of God, and by taking the ‘tiel’ away from his name, you practically claimed him as yours?”
Meanwhile, Dean waited for another ten minutes before he said good night to Rowena, and nicked the whiskey bottle that was still half full.
"Oh, fuck, come on, Cas," Dean groaned as he gripped Cas' hips harder and slapped his ass once in a while, making the former angel let out wanton gasps.
He lined off the call and ordered the car ride service that he usually took after drinking party with Crowley. After a driver accepted his order, Castiel put his phone down and looked down to the little cat that was sleeping and purring contently on his chest. “I don’t know if you saw the man who was in here. He was beautiful, and I think he’s funny too. But he was allergic to cats, that’s why I had to keep you inside there for a long time. I’m sorry.”
The next few hours had Castiel busy with the flow of patients entering his practice, he had barely time to have his lunch. It was almost three in the afternoon when he finally had a break, and Castiel quickly checked with Naomi if he had anyone booked in near time. When the receptionist told him that he will be free for the rest of the afternoon, Castiel let out a relieved sigh then went back to his office, to have his lunch.
“No, he was, uh, he was really my patient. But we became close now. Actually, Balthazar recommended me to him when he got problems with his teeth back then.”
Dean turned around, followed by Sam and Jack - his family - and headed to the Impala that had been waiting patiently for them. This would be the last time he saw Chuck, and he knew that he won’t regret it. All his life, or even more, Chuck had been controlling his existence to the extent that it only brought him sufferings and sorrows, until yesterday. When Chuck made him lose Cas again. That should be the final straw.
As he turned the engine off, Castiel turned to Claire, “Claire, I’m sorry you have to find out like that.”
The Righteous Man then looked directly to The Empty, "Cas is no longer an angel, and I'm gonna take him home with me, and Crowley."
Now that Dean asked, Cas finally felt the chill that caressed his arm that was only covered with a t-shirt. “Personal space,” he answered shortly, “a cold one.”
“Oh, thanks. Glad you like it. If you drop by on weekdays, you can try it,” Dean couldn’t hide the pride he felt when hearing how one of the younger guests loved his idea of having a pinball machine in the bar.
. While he knew that both Jack and Claire weren't shallow, it would still be a challenge for Castiel to come out to his children. Especially after
“Nah, you enjoy it, man,” Dean took another chicken wing from his plate. He finished another two before decided that this would be a good timing to talk about Friday. “Cas, uh, have you got any plan this weekend? I-I’ve got a ticket to this exhibition, and I’d like to take you,” Dean looked up from his plate to Castiel’s big blue eyes.
"Ha! As silly as it sounds, I miss my natural hair colour, but I'm not that patient to wait for my hair to grow and cut out the brown parts. So I used this amazing Asian hair dye shampoo that I found online. It's
Unfortunately, he only had two scoops of his lunch when his phone rang. Castiel groaned and put the spoon on his hand down, and reach for his phone. The moment he saw what was on the screen, he almost choked on the kale in his mouth.
“Why, thank you, Claire,” the uncle returned the mocking to the niece as he took a turn to their destination.
The soft reply made Dean jerked so sudden, both Sam and Charlie turned their attentions to him. “Oh, sorry, I almost spilled Cas’ beer. Go watch the film, thank you.”
The request had his eyebrows rose, and suddenly Castiel’s mind flew to the little kitten back at his home. “Um, I wouldn’t mind, really, Crowley. Do you want me to come over to your place every other day, or the puppy will be staying at my place? I’ve got a kitten at home, so …”
Charlie paused for two seconds before her laughter exploded; it took her a while to realise that some heads turned to their booth’s direction. She stopped and cleared her throat before continuing to interrogate her friend, “Dude,
Beyond his surprise, Charlie didn’t answer; she only gave him a knowing look that was almost intimidating.
“That’s okay, help yourself with the tissue,” Castiel pointed at his small box of tissue with his pen. “Your problem seemed to be the-“
The Boy-God might be The One who could rewrite the universe in one single snap. However, he still had that particular worry of a son to his father whenever he had to face an upset Dean Winchester. Jack blinked in concern before he answered Dean, “I-I assumed he would. I told Cas that he should come here to the bunker once he finished. You’d be happy to see him again. You and Sam.”
"Does that make me a Winchester as well? I died for you boys," Rowena jumped in with her cheeky tone.
The quick answer from Castiel made Charlie stop her munching and, probably for the third time that night, she had a mixture of shocked and disbelief on her face. When she had that expression, there was a high probability that she would cuss at Castiel. “What the fuck, Cas? You said you only fucked
As soon as Dean was seated next to Cas, Dean wrapped his arm around the angel's shoulder, and kissed him. "I need you, Cas. All this time, I
Another string of laughter was heard on the receiver end, “I just thought that you two would look adorable together.”
“Then, why? Dean, I’m not Dad. I’m not gonna judge you for who you wanna be, or be with,” there was a slight hint of hurt in Sam’s voice, and it made Dean’s chest heavy with guilt. “We’ve been having each other’s back since … forever. You’ve been there through my hard times, I’ve been there through yours. So … why not now?”
The tone in Dean’s voice made his brother laughed. “So, what do you want me to do? Do I have to get out of the house, or you want me to meet this someone? One thing for sure I’m
for, Cas meeting the precious people in his life. Yes, he even placed Balthazar as one of the people in his Precious list. Sam seemed enjoying himself talking with Cas and Charlie. Bela soon excused herself, since she was needed somewhere.
Sam looked up in a quick movement, "That actually made sense. I mean, didn't Billie and The Empty have a long-lasting beef with each other? She got all the Death books in the library, surely there are also books for angels. Aren't there, Crowley?"
“Yes, Dean,” Sam chuckled at the note from his big brother, that reminded him to the days when they were younger. “I’ll be having dinner with Jess anyway.”
order. It was a bowl of fruit salad with chia seeds, pumpkin seeds, almond, oatmeal, poured with dragon fruit
“So, everybody’s leaving with whoever they’re coming with,” Dean said cheerfully. He then turned to Cas, ignoring Gabriel who was still standing between them, only this time he had dropped his arms from their shoulders, “You’re alright to drive, Cas?”
The rest of the sentence was hung in the air, however the eye contact between them was not. “You live around here?” Dean continued and leaned back on his chair, and before his mind could command his action, a small smile was shown on his face when seeing the dentist did the same.
Dean barked a laughter at his brother’s words, “Come on, Sam. You’ll get to know Cas on Saturday, maybe you can know more about him by then.”
“See you tomorrow, Doctor Novak,” the brunette woman gave a small wave to Castiel, who returned it with a tentative smile and certain steps to his motorbike.
Castiel chuckled to the statement from Dean before sitting down again on his chair and facing the man he was talking to through the phone, “Yeah. I love kale. It’s delicious, Dean.”
After Abaddon left, both Charlie and Castiel returned to their seats. While doing so, Charlie also called the waiter guy who happened to serve a table next to them. They made another order of a beer bucket and more chips. After saying thank you to, Charlie turned to Castiel. “By the way, your sister?
"Yeah, my daughter was here the other night, and she said that this place is amazing, and I should take a look," Castiel returned Pamela's smile that got wider after she heard his answer. "I can understand now why Gabriel loves to come here. Without telling me, apparently, and made me feel stupid for having
He continued driving, and humming along to the song, when he remembered that he haven't told Cas that he's on his way. Dean took out his phone and searched for Cas' number quickly before changing the lane. There was about four or five rings before the dentist answered.
Dean showered Castiel's face with soft kisses to relaxed the angel, as he guided his shaft into Cas' entrance. Apparently, it didn't work at first, because Cas seemed like he was too nervous with his first sexual experience with Dean. "Cas, I need you to relax, angel. I can't get in if you didn't. I'm not gonna hurt you, baby."
It was almost like there was an invisible switch that could be used by someone in the higher power to turn their emotions from mellow to chirpy in a snap of fingers.
He practically bounced to the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee. He even whistled one of his favourite songs,
"Always, Cas," Dean purred and gave the former angel a kiss once more. Only this time it was more than a kiss, Dean slithered his kisses from Castiel's lips to his jaw, then to his cheekbone and earlobe.
Both men now were walking slowly next to dairy area, and Dean stopped to look at cheese. “Yeah, and everything for green curry and that
Just as he planned, the slit on Castiel's throat discharged a flowy and bright light that surrounded Cas. Dean quickly took out a piece of paper from another pocket of his jacket, and he read what was on it.
Bela chuckled, “Oh, that. Curiously, both men who held the exhibition owned the name of gods. Well, one of them, really. One’s of an angel.”
From the times he had visited this place, Castiel was quite sure that he had never saw him before. The man walked with a peculiar bravado, an air that showed that he belonged there, but somehow there was a hint of alertness in his movement.
Castiel gave a small wave to Naomi and walked out to the car that had been waiting for him. He tapped his pocket once to make sure that he brought home his motorbike’s keys, even though he left the vehicle at work, due to carrying the box for his new kitten. “Let’s go home, Cat.”
“What? What’s wrong, Cas?” the sudden urgency in Cas’ voice made Dean stopped and almost get inside of his car again.
Cas was staring, he knew, but he really was attracted to Dean’s face like a moth to fire. He kept on staring until the next moment, when Cas had his breath hitched as he felt fingers brushed his hair. The insides of his chest drummed violently and he could hardly open his eyes from the pleasure having his hair stroked softly.
Cas barked a laughter before turning to Dean, who was protesting Sam playfully, “Honestly, Sam, I was, especially when we were kids. No, when he was a kid. We have huge age gap, Sammy is just a year older than Claire.”
I wanted to do this," Dean mumbled as he unbuttoned Cas' shirt and pulled the tie off his neck and over his head. "Come on."
Cas fished for Crowley’s key from his pocket and tried to unlock the door, “Crowley said it’s a puppy, and I haven’t heard about her until three-four months ago. So I suppose on that age? Under a year though.”
Castiel put on his dark grey long sleeve v-neck shirt and dark denim, he was planning to put on his leather jacket over the shirt later. When Castiel walked out from the bathroom, Claire had also finished her shower upstairs and there was a sound of hair dryer came from the bedding area. Since he didn’t need anything else from his room, except for the leather jacket, Castiel decided to wait for his niece in the living room.
The sound of people arguing brought Castiel to his consciousness, and it seemed like he had fallen asleep while watching
“I don’t think so, since it will be school week. It will be Gabriel only this time,” Cas smiled when Dean handed him a bottle of beer.
As he was being fucked by the man he just saw two hours or so ago, Castiel’s mind flew to what happened this morning. When he met a boyish man with playful green eyes and a friendly smile, a face with freckles, messy brown hair with some strays on the forehead. His built and muscular body, even the t-shirt that he wore couldn’t disguise it.
“She must be so excited to have her parents visiting,” Bobby commented while having his second helping of the mashed potato. “Where do her parents live?”
“Yes, Cassie, I actually have been around you for the past week,” Balthazar showed the smile that he knew was irresistable to Castiel.
When Claire Novak and her friends visited Pamela and Dean's place, they didn’t know any of this information. They were browsing for a nice place to spend the night after their shift ended, and someone from their workplace suggested Blue Remington. So, they think it might be worth a try.
