The first time, Dean had followed him, knife in hand from under the mattress and face tight with anticipation. He had slumped against the wall when he saw that Jack was alright. He’d watched Cas coo over the crib. At some unknown point he had left the room, while Cas was distracted with touching Jack’s forehead and checking his diaper.
“How long have you felt like this?”
He picked up the plate and cup, and wandered out into the hallway. He could hear talking in the kitchen.
The familiar, gruff voice, “Of course, Doctor.”
“No, but also, like,” Sam scrolled through texts on his phone, “Like, here.
“Stop talking. I can’t, we can’t.”
Cas was aware of each step that brought him closer, and the sink of the couch and the three inches of space between them when he sat down. Dean wrung his hands in his lap and nodded.
“Fine. It was “Halo.” You know. Beyonce.”
“What? Really, what?”
Cas handed it to him. Their fingers brushed– there was only so much room on the bottle for two hands. It would be so easy to wrap his arm around Cas and for them to lean in together. Their legs weren’t even touching, but it was close.
“I mean, we’ve hurt each other so many times. Like
If the phrase confused Cas, he didn’t let it show, “I need to investigate Ishim without him realizing it. I have to be careful though, or else he’ll realize what I’m doing and likely try to frame me so I’ll be executed, or at least distrusted. But I need proof he’s going to lie before I bring it up to our superiors. I just don’t know when the right time to do it will be.”
Cas was standing over by the water’s edge with his back to the car, visible through the front window.
“Oh,” Cas made a face like he was going to throw up as the answer occurred to him, and Dean almost smiled, “I think I do.”
Sam shrugged, “He made a friend.”
“And it’s better to do that kind of thing sooner than later, but there’s no wrong time to start. Even if it’s just admitting it to yourself.”
It was what he imagined it would feel like to have one’s skin flayed off and hung on a coat hook while walking without stopping through a door. He felt the grace drag off of him like the grey, shed stocking of a snake and bundle behind him, torched and lighting up that giant ring; cremated, disposed of. He could smell it. For a moment he really wondered if it would obliterate him completely to remove his grace in such a way, and that maybe the Empty had grown tired of him and finally lured him into the cosmic garbage can.
“We’ve been seeing each other steadily for a few months.”
“I’m not sure, Sam. But I do feel better.”
“Sure. Can I ask Eileen to go with him to pick up my car?”
“Fuck.”
“Dean, I’m honestly just listing off the most basic 101 psych shit I can think of. It turns out there are six billion people on this planet and relationship problems did not start or end with you.”
“Dean!”
“So you just bailed. Good to know, I’m actually used to that from you.”
Cas leaned down and gave him a very knightly kiss, and then pulled up the dress and promptly licked a thick stripe from his balls to the tip of his dick before sucking half of him down. Dean clutched his hands into the dirt.
He woke up and there was no light, no color, no objects, no wind, no sound. There was something underneath him, supporting him, but that was all. He sat up and gasped with a tearing noise. It was all over. It had ended. It hadn’t been real–
“Dean? Are you still here?”
wasn’t that something people said? Was this what they meant? Over and over again, Cas hit that little bell like a carnival game. Was it still really his prostate if it was a dream? In real life you had to use lube for this kind of thing, but maybe lucid dreaming and angel mojo had him covered. How the hell did any of this work anyways?
Dean ducked into the nearest bathroom and shut the door before they could walk around the corner of the building.
“Dean?”
“I think you had it last! Hey, what are we going to do about those dealers?”
“What are you thinking about?”
They started playing together, sometimes fumbling, but Jack would look up to see Dean smiling and nodding. Dean kept watch over Jack's fingers over the strings. Cas recognized the song before they started singing, before Sam’s hands started moving.
“Oh?” Dean sat on the bed, away from the chair that Cas had dragged out of a supply room months ago to set in front of the crib, “Oh. You’re doing the whole Jedi mind trick.”
Cas let a smile settle on his face, “It
“Those assholes are back and they’re
But once the phone call was over, and Sam’s voice was absent, Cas remembered the other side of the problem, which was that he
Sam, earnest as always, had tilted his head, “I think I only know one song of theirs, but yeah. They’re fun. Really upbeat.”
“Dean,” he didn’t even bother shouting, saying it more to whatever vague idea of a higher power he kind of still secretly believed in than to his older brother who was really getting too old for this shit, “Cas is leaving today. You wanna be able to hear tomorrow or do you wanna destroy your eardrums and not say goodbye instead?”
“We should put up sigils to keep out angels if necessary.”
Dean tossed the mended shirt lightly on a barrel, pushed himself off the wall, and took Cas’s head in his hands to kiss him. Their legs were in the way, the medkit fell off the crate and cracked open as bandages and a new regen fell out, and Cas grabbed Dean by the arms and pulled away.
Dean sounded far away, “I just don’t want you to live like this any longer than you have to, Cas. I don’t want you to be scared. But you have to come back. I don’t know how to make it easier for you. But what you’re doing now, it’s not good for you. Maybe at first but not anymore. I can’t keep pretending it is. You have to come home.”
“I’m scared as hell of everything, man. But I can try. Just, please. Don’t go.”
Angrily, “I’m not ‘stuck’ with you! I’m choosing to be with you.”
He was nowhere. His feet jerked out as if he had woken up in the middle of falling, but he was still falling. Absolutely nothing around him but deep, dark, sinking space.
Dean pretended to be very interested in the magazine, and Cas took the opportunity to stare at him and see if there was some way to salvage this. He wouldn’t fall in love with a man this infuriating and predictable, right? He felt some mild satisfaction at knowing Dean was trying not to squirm under his glare. He wanted Dean to know that Cas knew what this was. He imagined taking the magazine and lighting it on the stove, taking Dean’s mug and snapping the handle off neatly on the kitchen counter, or saying something like, “I thought you were better than this” or “You never change.”
“Oh. He gone off hunting?”
Dean got up and grabbed the guitar from the corner of the room, and brought it back to the bed. He was suddenly as nervous as Jack had been. Cas touched the back of his hand. Dean smiled and scratched his nose, and waved Cas’s hand off. He rearranged his legs on the bed.
Cas pulled out, and Dean didn’t understand when Cas sacrificed the leverage of his last remaining thrusts to reach forward and put his cupped hand over Dean’s face. Dean almost laughed, mouth open to ask what the hell kind of fundamentalist hole-in-the-sheet-shit he was doing, when he realized that Cas was trying to make sure he didn’t get cum in Dean’s eyes. Chivalry wasn’t dead, wasn’t stabbed and sprawled out on the singed pattern of its own wings, it was spilling on his chest, catching on his chin, in his still open mouth. Dean let out a noise he wished wasn’t so squeaky. Cas was breathing loudly over him, then sighing, then murmuring to himself. He fell sideways next to Dean on the narrow bed.
“I just needed to rest. The physical wound is healed over. I’m still weak.”
A slow glare dragged out of Dean, but Cas kept his eyes forward on the road. They kept walking. Dean ran his tongue over his canines as he thought of something.
“Not dead. Where’s the dermal?”
“… Did
“What’s wrong with me?”
“I mean,” dammit, he had to turn away and blink back something in his eye while he pretended to examine the complete blankness of Cas’s wall, “They’re really going to miss you. You took really good care of them.”
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean called out from behind him, before audibly yawning.
And then Cas’s face relaxed and he smiled, and sighed like he was very tired, and said, “Yes, you can kiss me.”
Cas tilted his head, “I’ve heard they have very beautiful beaches,” and then Dean could see him trying not to crack a smile.
Cas tapped his fingers on the motel room desk. The radio in the room actually worked. He’d gone on a walk earlier, and plucked a poppy from the roadside and set it in one of the paper-covered mugs by the bathroom sink, and then put the cup on the table. It was a bright, Dean-like orange, he thought.
Finally, “Oh– Oh, sorry, Cas. It’s time for dinner.”
“Got what?”
Dean swallowed, “Maybe... We don’t do the carnal stuff right now.”
“Because, Jack, the goddamn redcoats didn’t build this bunker with an elevator. Just relax, he’ll be here in a second.”
“And I don’t know if they’ll be able to make it to the playoffs but they’ve recently traded–“
“I mean your instinct is to get mad at everything when you’re nervous. Case in point.”
Cas said it with revulsion and almost winced as his eyes grazed Dean’s shoulder. They both seemed to fight a shiver.
for movie night and I think it’s altering my brain chemistry. I got banned from the video rental store because–“
Cas stared at him, failing to blink, “So you could be a part of that line of history.”
“Because I can’t do this.”
Cas searched the light miserably, wondering what his role would be this time. He hated when he had to participate in the illusion rather than let it passively happen to him. He lifted a hand, and reached for the soul, wavering.
Cas wouldn’t have walked through the dance floor again if the keys to the kingdom were at the end of it, and was already heading to the grey door at the end of the corridor. He walked past the bathrooms and lines of people and supply room closet and pushed open the door. It was cold outside, and the cold night air was immediately a relief and a reminder that he was doing this all wrong. From inside, he could hear the beginning of ABBA playing, the bass warbling through the walls. He turned around and tried the door– it locked from the inside.
Sam stretched and yawned, for once forgetting to be shy about taking up so much space, “Yeah, well. He’s our weird dude.”
“Hey, Cas,” but the greeting was already a note off, and Cas squinted as he watched people filed into the vestibule across from him, “How are you?”
“Getting condoms?”
“Dean, I don’t think I can hear this.”
like it, why didn’t he tell me?”
He crouched next to Dean, one hand on the knife and the other on Dean’s shoulder, without ever looking away from the creature.
Dean took another emphasizing sip, “And I assume you want?”
“Cas, I don’t know how long–“
Cas had walked up behind them, hands in his pockets. Same clothes as the night before, but then again, that was normal behavior.
“I’m just saying, I knew it wasn’t heaven because you weren’t there. Or, you were alive, but you weren’t there with me,” another self-conscious swallow on the line, “And you know, also because the beer sucked.”
“You mean like,” he saw Dean step forward, stop, and then step forward again, until his nose prodded the sheet, “Like this?”
“You’re never a burden, dude. But, it’s your choice. We’ll miss you though. Dean’s going to be unbearable.”
“Because Charlie’s gay and you’re–” he stopped, “You went to college.”
“It’s not something you believe about yourself.”
“No.”
“Done if what?”
Sometimes he wanted to do something easy. He wanted this to be easier instead of feeling like his ribs were gonna crack open as soon as he hung up.
A window might as well have shattered next to Cas’s ear, “Oh.”
“... No, I don’t.”
Midway and aimless to the garage it occurred to him that maybe he
Cas got up to turn on the lamp as the room started to get dark.
hold on... i've been trying to think what bobby's klingon hair would look like and i think it should be willie nelson braids
Cas’s fingers were still curling through the chicken wire, “I– I just want to see Jack.”
“Come on, what– Ow! Hey, kid, be careful. But what was it?”
“I’ll see you there,” and he hung up, and then remembered he was supposed to say bye.
“And these are– Who are these guys again?”
“I’m totally normal.”
He stormed off to the RV. Dean turned to the ranger and tried not to look like he needed all the help he could get. He could barely choke the words out.
“Oh. Okay. Well. With a face like that, any day now.”
“Jerk.”
“Here,” Cas pulled his coat out to try and wrap it around Dean’s shoulder, “Get closer.”
And Cas never said anything back except Dean’s name.
A pause, and then; “If I was still a Q, and I could change reality to force Maggie Campbell to abandon Trill society and be a mother to you and Sam again; would you want me to?”
It was embarrassing to want to be a part of something, much less a history of strangers who he only shared one thing in common with. They weren’t his family, they weren’t John or Sam or Mary, they weren’t even Bobby. Why did he need to feel connected to some old Earth history? Why did he need to feel connected to anyone, floating out in the middle of space in a hunk of metal?
to be sad because you’re a coward!”
“So it wasn’t Kellogg.”
“But he knows where I’ve generally been. He's correctly guessed I've been speaking with a human. He might have hoped they’d find you for him. He can’t come here to Earth however without raising suspicion.”
Cas at least looked more curious now, and resumed walking when Dean did, “It’s the same outcome.”
“Huh?” Dean sat up.
“You wouldn’t have brought it up like that if you didn’t expect this reaction, Sam.”
So the old, worn-in, familiar sex dream of the hospital. Blossom in scrubs kicking off her white tennis shoes and wiggling her body down the cot towards him, asking, “You want to do the rest, hotshot, or should I take off my pants myself?”
“You?”
“I don’t think I would have been honest.”
“Dean. Calm down. I fixed it.”
“Yes, you’ve done me a great disservice,” Cas monotoned dryly, and then more seriously, “You’re not going to handle this well when you wake up.”
They sat in silence. Cas was smiling, more easily than he ever did in bed or at times when he assured Dean he was at his happiest, as if the plants were a benign kind of joy instead of one that relentlessly consumed the soul. His eyes crinkled. Dean stared at him with that latter kind of joy, one that was almost grief in its reminders. He told himself to cool it and admired the shuddering of the flowers and leaves under the light rain.
“No. No. Do Jody and Donna know where you are?”
Cas touched his face; there were wet streaks, and a drop still hanging from his chin, “Oh. I had a bad dream.”
threw him off; not direct and almost tangibly for him and him alone, like in the dream, but comfortable, practiced, as if he was a stranger. Without looking, Dean took Cas’s hand and placed it on his head, until Cas’s fingers stroked his hair and he hummed approvingly.
Cas opened his mouth to remind him of his search for God, but maybe it wasn’t the same thing, not entirely, not really.
Cas hadn’t even turned fully around when he paused. His eyes were fixed on the end table.
“Oh. Sure,” Dean pursed his lips in that weird way he did that meant he wasn’t quite comfortable but wasn’t upset, “That’s fine too.”
“I would have if I couldn’t
Dusty had relocated to Jack’s bedroom at night, after finding the door to Dean’s closed so often (“It’s just weird if we’re making out and the cat’s watching, you know?”) Jack and Sam had gotten into an alarmingly non-hypothetical argument about why they couldn’t just kill Jeff Bezos; Jack hadn’t seen it as any different than anybody else they’d fought, he was ruining the Earth on a major scale wasn’t he? And Sam had made an increasingly half-hearted effort to argue that murder was wrong. Dean and Cas had watched from the couch, Cas tapping a nervous finger against Dean’s shoulder, but otherwise silent. Eileen was at the library studying for a teaching degree, though she was still unsure if she planned to follow through on it. Sam had eventually conceded that it was dangerous; but that Jack wasn’t
Dean closed his eyes, and Cas’s voice continued in its layering rumble over him, “Being with you, and your brother… I started to see how life can mean something. I realized I could pick any goal and work towards it. Even if it seemed impossible. That there are things that are impossible, even for a Q.”
“Okay,” he leaned back and folded his hands against his plate, holding half a burrito he’d asked to have boxed up later.
“You gotta be fucking kidding me–“
“But I shouldn’t take it out on you. You’re a hell of a lot easier to deal with than when I first met you.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong.”
She actually relaxed, and smiled, flicking her eyes at the Impala, “Yeah, I guess you would.”
“It’s too small, I should have thought of that–“
“Of course I’m in love with you.”
Another laugh, this time small and shy, “Goodnight, Cas.”
“Nothing. I’m sure that would be fun.”
“And you’re gonna live with him?”
“No,” completely sincere in response to Dean’s glibness, as usual, as wanted, and Cas kissed him as he alternated firmly between reassurances of
“Yeah,” Dean felt a panic in his throat as he tried to sound casual, “Why not?”
Dean looked up from where he’d been thumbing the repair. Cas had used bright blue thread on the grey cloth and it stuck out from the rest of the shirt.
He held his hands over his ears, but the sound wasn’t coming from outside. It was booming inside his head, using his brain as a timpani drum, crowding out every time Sam and Bobby said his name.
“Sam, can you do something for me?”
Cas nodded, and sat down in the little armchair by the window, “Claire called me in trouble. I wasn’t thinking about… about all the stuff I’ve been thinking about. I just went.”
“Of course it’s nice! What the fuck are you talking about, man? I want you to feel good! We didn’t pull you of the Empty for lukewarm bullshit!”
“I didn’t say anything.”
When the lights and music flickered off and a ghost with facial hair like a broom and a dustpan appeared in front of him, Dean’s reaction was to blink. Then it was the ghost of John Winchester, arms crossed, disappointed. Then it was the Cryptkeeper, lifting a shaking finger towards him. Then it was John Kellogg again. All his instincts, reflexes, experience, and training had left the dancefloor for the bar, leaving him feeling like he was pinched in space and time between two planets. It made more sense for a shapeshifting ghost to appear than it did to see Cas’s tongue in someone else’s (and the possessive distinction between
Dean sighed and put his head on Cas’s shoulder so he wouldn’t see him roll his eyes, “You ever think there’s something wrong with both of us?”
Dean shrugged. He looked completely at peace in this narrow hallway in this loud bar. He’d probably be able to stand and drink a beer and watch the go-go dancers like they were a TV set in a motel. He’d probably gone up to some woman and nodded and grinned at her, and–
“I heard you cry out in your subconscious for me and I came, thinking you needed help, and I–“ he stopped, clearly uncomfortable as he observed Cass test the pulse in Dean’s wrist, “I. Perhaps I should leave.”
and then amended humbly to
the vulgar noise of it, and then the cool and novel touch of Dean’s fingers. Dean perched his head near Cas’s ear, and Cas closed his eyes to avoid seeing the sudden and disturbing vision of Dean’s head under a shroud.
Charlie swore at the parking meters and the guy tailgating her and parked two blocks down in the residential area. The more time passed the more she could feel her chances of getting laid dropping to a karmic zero. She texted Sam
“The nursery said that they cross pollinate. The pollinator needs two different peach trees to go between to get them to bear fruit.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“… You’re not driving right now, are you?”
“Well. It’s meat, booz, and lust. And you, you know, you’re a–”
Dean felt the shadow of something dangerous over him, “I’m fine, Cas. Really.”
“Of course I do. I’m billions of years old, Dean. And why are you looking at me like that?”
“We’ll never know! But I can tell you the singer of this next track; it’s Frankie Valli, with “Can’t Take My Eyes Off You.”
That night Cas had hovered after dinner near the living room, peering through the doorway at the couch, and jumped when Eileen tapped him on the shoulder. Her eyebrows were raised, but more knowingly than questioning.
A pause, “It really is 3:30 in the morning, isn’t it.”
“What?”
Someone bumped into Dean, maybe on accident, maybe on purpose, seeing some creep standing there blocking the bar and staring open-mouthed at people trying to dance. There was something cold on his chest; they had spilled their drink on him. He looked around the room on some desperate reflex to do something, anything, before turning back in time to see Cas with his head fallen back on the shoulders of the man behind him, his throat exposed, his arm once again reaching around the man’s neck. The two men were kissing over his shoulder, his hand resting on the back of the neck of the man in front of him. From Dean’s view, Cas almost looked like a headless body between them.
Cas had walked down the aisles of the grocery stores, bought postcards at the gift shop for a local zoo where the goats had nuzzled and headbutt him, had almost gone through an automatic car wash and then with a bracing anxiety and terror had reversed away from it, apologizing fervently and trying to explain that all of a sudden he realized that he was not sure if this car
“Oh, great. Yeah, leave me to clean up. Gotta serve my purpose.”
“Come over before you start tearing apart throw pillows with your teeth, you sound like you’re either gonna key his car or cry watching Paddington 2.”
Dean rolled his eyes and shrugged, his face on fire. At least the embarrassment and self-loathing had banished any arousal.
“Oh,” Cas let all the breath out of him, “I. Last night was my first time.”
Cas resisted reaching for him, “Dean. Why wouldn’t you want to say that over the phone?”
“I was kind of bored sometimes, you know? And his room was freezing. Like. He was alright. Patient. Wasn’t a creep or anything. I didn’t really feel excited though, I just wanted it to be you,” his voice sped up to cover his tracks, “And I’m not sure about this beard thing, man.”
It was after dinner. Dean and Sam had taken a drive that day around noon, leaving Cas alone in the bunker with Jack for a few hours. They’d returned with bags of fast food around 7 pm, seemingly fine. Dean still a little nervous around the edges, like an anxious animal. Sam was actually more relaxed than usual, amused, giving Cas a big hug when he came through the garage door.
“Really, Sam? I’d have thought you’d be excited about the history and the culture, first Warp-capable species to come shake some hands on Earth––”
Cas cozied up to him and kissed him again on the cheek before delivering an underhanded blow reserved only for the fiercest of arguments, "Don't tell me what to do,
Cas said goodbye to the last guests. He walked through the living room, where Claire, Kaia, and Jack were still yelling as their video game characters violently hit and killed each other on the TV; everyone else staying the night had already gone to bed. Cas squinted to see if Kirby was winning; he wasn’t, and he gave Jack a sympathetic head ruffle before going to the kitchen. Dean was cleaning dishes. Cas touched his side to let him know he was there, and then kissed his cheek before standing next to him to help. Dean swatted him.
Dean patted at his back with a rag dipped in the pitcher of drinking water. He pulled at the dress as best he could before just ripping it open along the gash and peeling it down to the waist. He was hoping for a goddamn corset to have taken most of the cut, but there was only a ripped slip he assumed was some kind of old-timey bra. He pushed it out of the way and wrapped the wound. He cleaned up Cas’s face, cheek lifted up in one hand and the other dabbing as he muttered to himself alone.
Cas stared back, and then, “I was thinking I would like to visit Risa.”
“Okay,” Dean crossed his arms, “But
Then Cas was naked, straddling Dean again, his palms landing lightly on Dean’s knuckles as he pushed his breasts together, kissing Dean’s cheek as if to say,
i do think that dean would be a southwest desert. and sam is a rainy northwestern forest. and cas is a big night sky in the middle of nowhere. jack is a beach with a basketball court. thank you for attending my TED talk.
Cas shook his head.
“I’m just asking you what you want so you’re not just stuck with me until you die––”
“We gonna talk or not?”
He couldn’t help but laugh, throat still raw. There was more typing.
“Ask me what?”
“No, I’m sorry, Cas, I thought you might want company–”
Cas clearly didn’t understand either, “Exactly. I know I’m not really what you want.”
Dean helped him lug the bags of dirt into the truckbed, along with a new pot and two peach trees that were barely a foot high. Dean looked at them with doubt.
, which served to help nobody. They cut through the powdery white bodies with iron rods like machetes through a swamp.
“You gonna be okay seeing Cas tomorrow?”
“How’s Cas?”
“Hey, hey. Self-loathing’s my thing. Cut it out.”
“Oh, Bobby, Cas mentioned a Bobby once.”
“Yeah, sorry if we put you on blast, Cas, but there was no way we could pass that up. And it’s not like we had your phone number anymore, and hey, now we’re all together again! It’s kismet!”
“Why?”
Finally: “I’ll see if I can get someone to fill in for me. It shouldn’t be too busy today anyways.”
“Great.”
“What are you–”
“There you are, asshole. I’ve been calling you. I had no idea where you went.”
This left Cas standing and waiting, not for anything in particular. Dean’s hands were still on his hips. They both looked towards the record player for advice.
“–oh my God–”
“Yeah. I like it too. I hope I’m getting better at it,” he scratched his nose, “It’s okay for you to want things, Cas.”
Cas looked dazed, lost, eyes hooded, and with a sick drop in his gut, Dean wondered if Cas was drunk, and didn’t understand what he was doing. And then Cas turned his head just enough to see Dean watching him. They stared at each other under the music and the crowd and darkness. Cas did not look drunk. The two men continued moving against him. Then Cas reached an arm behind himself to pull the other man’s face toward his, and turned his head to kiss him while Dean watched.
Dean sounded more tired than annoyed. Cas wondered if he’d be able to fall asleep at all tonight. He wondered what he thought Cas spent his time doing.
“Oh,” a lot softer than before, and then, “It’s fine. You can go tell them I’m fine. Maybe not Bobby. I’m still pissed off at him.”
They walked through the parking lot, Claire’s head down and her hands shoved into her pockets. It was getting cold, and she hadn’t dressed warmly enough for the weather. Cas watched the wind brush her hair on and off her face. They got in the car.
They were getting so close to the end of the play. Dean would touch him and speak to him, and the second that the Empty sensed Cas starting to scratch the itch again, it would drop the curtain and turn on the house lights. The healing wound would be re-opened. Cas would lie on the floor of the Empty and wait.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. I was just having breakfast.”
her hands stopped, and she lowered them and bent forward, as if to cover them,
“I’m lying right next to you.”
Dean’s eyes followed the hem along Cas’s shoulder, to the hole in the sleeve. There was a thin cut under it. The first time he had seen Cas and Bobby spar after Cas lost his ability to heal, he’d ran out of the house and knocked over furniture, yelling and startling the birds roosting in the unkempt nya tree. Bobby had rolled his shoulders and looked ready to yell back, but Cas had beaten him to it.
“We don’t have to.”
“Fuck, how long have we been here?”
“What are you sorry for? Did you have a tantrum right after I did? Trying to upstage me?”
“You always say that.”
Dean just laughed, sounding younger and younger like the years were melting off of him. Cas imagined him sitting in his truck, on the side of the street, and all the loneliness and anger shaking off like dust. And it wasn’t that simple, but at least for now, it felt possible for Dean to just sit in a car and laugh without thinking about anything else.
“So should we summon this ghost or research first? Hell, we could probably do both at the same time.”
“What?”
“You know, I used to kind of think about shit like this. With you. Not like this, obviously,” a light laugh, “But uh. You know. Holes in bathroom stalls. You and me going in one and the other. Doing something like this. Never having to talk about it. Never thought I could do this with you– any other way. Thought just
“Yeah, yeah. Just. Got a, uh, a chill,” he shivered with exaggeration, to drive home the point that he was not well.
“Dean?”
“Basically what the reports suggested. No signs of demonic activity, witnesses said they saw an older man dressed in vintage clothes, almost see-through.”
“Okay. Okay. Yeah. Just wanted to check.”
Dean. We were sent a report of your autopsy. It was made to look official and everything.”
“Sorry. Got kind of carried away.”
“You mean he thinks it might just be random thoughts and feelings floating through space that he’s picking up on by accident?”
Cas was currently busy and unable to answer. The phone had tumbled away onto the mattress from where he’d had it pressed between his ear and his shoulder. It was close enough that if anybody on the bed happened to be making any wordless sounds, saying Dean’s name over and over, or breathing heavy, at first very fast and then slowing down– the phone would pick it up.
“Okay. See you soon, Dean.”
“I’ve been nursing a shot of whiskey for half an hour. That’s like a glass of warm milk for me. I know not to be wasted when calling my old lady.”
“Yeah. Well, at least that’s the same. Hey, don’t watch me change though. Turn around.”
She stared at him. He’d often wondered at the state of the escaped, graceless angels; statistically, it wasn’t like he’d meet them all in two weeks cruising aimlessly through the United States. He’d thought of his first time as a human, and how lost and dependent on luck and the kindness of strangers he’d been. Anna was maybe the only one out of all of them who could land on her feet. He did not shrink away from her scrutiny now, and it reminded him of a time very, very, very long ago.
He hit the button and laid down and let it ring against his ear. Dean picked up.
“Great,” Cas could still feel Dean trying to retreat, “Great, cool, we can figure that out when you get back–“
“You think you’re going to open your eyes and I won’t be here.”
Dean had knocked on Cas’s door later that night, and they had watched Jack crawl around on the multi-colored carpet that Cas had bought over a secondhand app from a kind but frazzled mother living in town, who’d thrown in some sanitized baby toys that her toddlers no longer needed. Eventually Jack had fallen asleep. They'd closed the door quietly. Both of them had ambled down the hall to Dean’s room, heads huddled down and silent as if they were walking along a city street at night to an apartment.
“No, no!” Cas leaned off the bed and gripped the mattress, as if his body was instinctively about to begin running in the general direction of Kansas, “You’re correct. Your assumptions are correct.”
Cas had walked straight to the counter, awkwardly looking for a chair to sit down in, with the same desire for safety that causes people to sleep with their back against a wall. His hand had been shaking when he’d turned back to Sam and started trying to yell over the music. Sam signaled to the bartender, who leaned close to hear him and possibly for less practical reasons, and then turned back to Cas, pointing at the drinks at the bar.
Dean lowered his head in his hands, and thankfully didn’t sound like a bullfrog the way he did when he was so close to tears he was livid, “I’m gonna be some crusty old wizard librarian here in this cement bachelor pad, aren’t I.”
Cas was gone for two days. Dean picked at the food. He tried not to pray, because praying meant he was worried. He went into town and tried to amuse himself with gambling, and helping move some heavy stuff around in the tavern storage room for a bit of money. He went back to Ms. Crocker’s house but upon seeing it, turned around to go walking some more. He ended up in the woods, which was where he found himself in the dark as a hand reached for his shoulder, deadly cold and too hard to be anything good.
“Hey, Cas, about that dignity–“ Dean sounded as if he was shoving every word forward like a boulder uphill.
“Dean?”
“Yes! Yes, I just… Are you and Dean mad at each other?”
Cas had worried about a similar problem; falling asleep alone.
Dean flipped the dish towel over his shoulder and rubbed his hands together, still staring at the kitchen, “Okay. Good. There’s something that uh– Well, could you wait here? There’s something me and Jack have to set up.”
“Keep going.”
The back and forth beat over the river-like strings and synths; “Girl” by Destiny’s Child was weaving out of his phone and over the movie previews. Cas swore, and got up and filed past the legs and boxes of popcorn and escaped into the hallway. He always enjoyed the carpet in movie theaters; here the pattern was stripes of red, blue, and purple jutting and hatching in pieces between eight pointed yellow stars and Saturn repeated over and over again.
The strategy lasted for four days, and then Cas pinched his nose while Dean began talking about the old woman at the library inviting Sam and Jack to see puppies at her granddaughter’s house.
Kissing was okay. Usually. Sex was still a stop-and-start endeavor that never quite got the plane off the ground before Cas had to take deep breaths and Dean would exhale very loudly but politely excuse himself with stiff steps. Lifting his head over the kitchen table to see Dean smiling at him over breakfast, and to smile back, and for everything to be said and known and growing between them; that was still like walking to the very edge of a cliff at sunset.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen, Dean. I’m used to you scaring the shit out of me and pissing me off. But I don’t think Cas is. He’s probably never grieved anything before. You might have shown up before he ever got past the anger stage.”
now shut up, this is the good part––”), and Cas would insist Shakespeare was more confusing than astrophysics (“Why can’t humans just
“Hey, what happened to that guy you texted me about? With the flat butt.”
Cas got up and turned on the lamp. He pulled the laptop out of his travel bag, and out of its protective case. He turned it on, looked up radio stations in Lebanon, and found the
Sam tucked his hair behind his ear, “Usually everyone just asks me about the Stanford but… She didn’t mention it. She told me to send her letters. If I want.”
“Dusty?”
Cas laid back against the pillow, looking drained instead of comforted, “I was so worried when you started calling for me. I thought that it was related to– that it had something to do with the part of me that feels
“You wanna dance with me?”
“Uriel and Meg are staying at our fucking house right now.”
Cas had stopped moving when he did, “If we don’t talk about this, then tomorrow morning I want you to drop me off at the nearest town.”
Cas pulled away and lifted Dean’s jacket back onto his shoulders, patting it smooth and looking unbothered except for the fucked up hair, “Then I would say I’m feeling a little tired and say goodnight to you, and go sleep in my room.”
Cas, who usually went along with most mortal things, did raise his eyebrows at the kit in Dean’s hand, “I thought you said––”
“Okay. Tell me.”
“It felt good. But there’s a lot of stuff to touch. Too much at once, it was driving me crazy. And all of a sudden I just want to be inside instead of under it. You know?”
Cas found his rhythm again quickly, and bent low so Dean could anchor one hand over the back of his neck, the other squeezing over and over again at the love handle of Cas’s waist. The pleasure was lower now, and Dean was vaguely aware that this was much closer to his waking body than before. He pushed the thought away.
“It’s weird you haven’t driven it yet.”
“Hey. Cas. I really am sorry.”
Dean pushed him away. Sam decided to rip off the band-aid.
“Jack… It wasn’t just that. I love Claire just as much as I love you. But her life and my life… They’ve never been going in the same directions, the way mine and yours do. There are reasons I can’t be in her life, and she can’t be a part of mine. There are ways I’ve hurt her that I can never… That I can never undo. And she knows that as well as I do.”
“I’m sorry for asking.”
“Alright,” Dean nodded again, “Alright.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Family. My mom’s, if you can believe it,” there was a holo-image somewhere of him as a little kid wearing it, with his arms extended and laughing to show how big it was and with Mary crouched behind him, laughing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You smell like… You know when someone drinks a lot of coffee and they spend all morning pacing around the kitchen coming up with conspiracies about their friend’s sex life?”
“Just not all of it.”
He reached out to pet it, fitting two fingers through the wire, and it pushed its head against them before flopping down on its back. Sam was approaching.
“I don’t know. They tried to jump him while he was riding his bike home from a friend’s.”
Dean sighed, “Hey, about last night. I– You said a lot of stuff that’s kind of too much to hear in the middle of the night.”
“Yes. Can you imagine? It would have been awful.”
“There we are. Things will proceed much easier now.”
Cas was sitting on the bed, patiently waiting. Dean zipped up the duffel bag.
“What about your work trying to move past hunting? I was just talking to Claire about that. I think she would be interested in it.”
“Hm. Maybe I
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Who cares? It’s probably John, let’s just hit his grave tonight.”
Cas picked up the cat and knocked on the door, “It’s me, Jack.”
“I– I’m sorry, I’m driving. Can you check to see if there’s a warrant out for my arrest?”
“I know you do. You are. I needed you here and you came. That’s all you gotta do.”
Uriel held a palm up, “Castiel.”
There was a pause, “She was crying.”
“This dress is hideous!”
“Why!”
Cas’s shoulders fell, and though he still felt furious and incredulous there was now a good balance of heart ache mixed in, “Dean, you don’t have to prepare yourself for me. I would never judge you for something like that, I–” he did not say it, afraid to risk that fatal moment of happiness again, “I would be honored for you to share a moment of vulnerability like that with me. I have always been honored when you’ve done so in the past.”
“It was also where Sojourner Truth ended up living. Uh, and also, the home of the American eugenics movement. Coincidentally run by Will Kellogg’s brother, who founded a health sanitarium. You guys know anything about John Kellogg?”
“I’m not trying to get fresh, but sometimes it’s easier to stand closer. None of the ‘do I stare at his eyes or his feet’ concerns.”
“Likely story.”
“That sounds nice.”
article, sweetheart, you know that gets me hot.”
“I don’t know, but if there’s really such a thing as big cosmic space gods, they don’t give a fuck about me. I don’t want to hear it.”
“Got it,” the unmistakable sound of a zipper, “Then come over here.”
Dean considered trying it anyway, and then clenched his eyes shut for a second before just saying it, “You wanted to know why I already knew you. Why we were friends,” his voice was getting thick, “If there was anything wrong with you.”
“What’s the occasion?”
“Then why quit now? Now, when there’s nothing left to hide and there’s no more reasons left to try and hurt each other?”
Dean caught his arm before he could disappear in a rush of wings, “Okay, then why did you save me this morning?”
a game show where i'm asked 'for a million dollars, describe what the plot of season 13 is' and i run off stage as the camera chases me through the production hallway and i steal someone's convertible in the parking lot
“Cas?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know, Cas, it’s alright. Never seeing Dean and then hearing his voice all of a sudden was the part that tipped me off. He’s always been there. He’s supposed to be, you know? Of course I don’t want a life without him in it. Even if it’s full of demons and hellfire and shit.”
He was back against the wall, watching Cas’s eyes slide to the right, as if waiting for Dean to call it off. He waited for Cas to turn his head fully towards him and say,
“But you, you have things you want to–”
“I’m sorry. I started… worrying.”
Cas only raised a hand, and pressed his palm against the sheet, to touch the shadow of Dean’s chest. Or at least, what seemed to be Dean, and seemed to be his chest. The silhouette would seem definitive one moment and then as loose and shifting as the shadow of a cloud the next. It could almost be anyone in the world. He flinched when a flat pressure from the other side met his palm.
He said it strangled and indignant and heard Dean laughing before he hung up. He laid in the motel head with his hands covering his burning face. He finally removed them and exhaled, and touched his elbows, his arms, the sides of his stomach. He sat up and touched his toes, and his knees; if anyone had witnessed this and asked him why he’d done it, he would have no answer. He kept laughing to himself, and smiling and feeling ridiculous and shoving his face into the listless motel pillow– and then laughing again.
“Dean, Dean, I’m–“
Dean stared through his fingers just a few inches past his erection, a solid paperweight of white noise in his head at
Sometimes Sam and Dean would stay up late in the living room, or on a walk at night, and the next day Dean would mention to Cas offhand after a period of silence, “Did you know Sam thought about being a fireman once? I think he’d be good at it.”
“A little, Lancelot. Fuck, come over here and romance me first,” it was a joke, and, he realized with a cold chill over his heart, that he meant it.
“Hm. A lot of vices usually come into play. You said he texted you?”
“Yes. But I still disagree with you. And I would kill you before I let it happen again.”
The townspeople did not know much. Dean walked by the tavern and shoved his hands in his pockets.
“I love you.”
He wasn’t so stressed out anymore. He thought the feeling would get worse the longer they didn’t talk, but he just felt a kind of peace of mind. He didn’t feel like he’d fucked everything up irrevocably. He actually felt kind of hopeful. Faith sure was a funny thing.
Dean watched with disguised terror as Sam pulled out his phone and called Cas. He even brought the cup of coffee to his mouth and managed to mutter, “Of course he’ll answer the phone if it's
Jack and Dean looked up with the same motion, at the same time, and Cas’s heart stopped.
Trying to fall asleep was still uncomfortable, not from misery but from the mattress suddenly being too soft and the room being too warm. He would wake up later than usual in the morning, heavy-limbed. His head would still ache and he drank coffee and water with a simmering resentment towards bodily functions. No dreams, and not in the blackout drunk way but simply in the tipped-off-fully-into-unconsciousness-like-a-log-down-a-waterfall kind of way.
“You’re just going to be asleep again when I come back.”
“And by then I was already dirty and I figured I would get down on my back and underneath it, and check out what was going on down there. So I got right underneath, with my face right up against everything. You alright with that?”
There was no falling back asleep. He got up with the blanket stilled huddled around him. He’d slept in his clothes. He grabbed a lukewarm beer, thankful for once it wasn’t ice cold.  The door creaked when he opened it, but Sam kept snoring.
Cas turned his head, “Because I love you. And you raised Sam. I think you could be a really wonderful father. I know you might feel differently but I think this time would be a lot easier, now that you’re older and there’s no curse or deal with a demon.”
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Cas, just sit there, okay? Don’t move.”
“Hm. Okay,” and Cas had started pirating it the way they’d shown him earlier.
“Oh God. I forgot you got a Keith too.”
Cas sat up and leaned forward, touching his knees, trying to convey some sort of intensity over the phone line that would compensate for the fact he couldn’t actually be there, “Dean, the only thing he’s scared of is you leaving. Because I left. This is my fault. I’m the one he’s mad at.”
“He likes women. I don’t mind. He’s done a lot for me. He does a lot for other people. Sometimes too much. We’ve gotten into some big fights. I’ve… I’ve just left a few times. We always end up back together though. I don’t think either of us are good at talking about certain things. We both had absent fathers. They didn’t really… Neither of us were really raised the way people should be. It’s strange. I don’t think I questioned mine at all until I met him, and he couldn’t understand why I’d be loyal to a man who was never there for me when I needed him. But now all I can think is that I wish I knew how to do the same for him. To make him stop caring what his father would think.”
“I think… You know,” he lifted the cup to drink from it and then remembered and put it back down, “Man, he’s a softie. I don’t want him moping around the bunker because some dick didn’t call him back.”
He knocked one more time. Then he lowered his hand, just as the music cut off and Dean opened the door.
“But it’s
“Please help me with this.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas looked around, “What’s going on?”
He knew that Dean would want to stay the night, and that Cas would not be allowed to, “I can pick you up in the morning.”
The sun rose pretty quickly. The light went from cool pinks to a dry and light blue. Cas leaned in close to his ear and whispered something that went unheard by anyone else in the world. Dean laughed and shoved him before settling back at his side.
Harold, “I’d offer Dean a ride but Cas knows where I live. I think we gotta call this one and get the hell out of the blast zone.”
What is wrong with you?”
“Yeah, I will.”
“I’LL SEE IF I CAN GET THEM TO PLAY ABBA.”
“Do you think you’ll fall in love again?”
He’d had this dream before. Historically with more fire and burning and blood than endless darkness, but he’d dreamed many times of the falling, the catch. The exhausted, thankful, complete loss of control as someone finally saved him and he let them, not questioning, not fighting, not afraid. He’d always forgotten. He might forget again, once he woke up. But in the moment he knew this dream as he knew the memory, and he knew the hand on his arm as he knew the voice that called to him. The thin sound of a thousand orchestra pits humming and thundering to life far, far away.
“I’ll catch you up. In the meantime, here’s Cheryl Lynn. And Dean? Eat a–“
“But you could have been.”
"Sure."
“No. Really. What, you’re mad that Cas is hooking up with more people than you are now? That he’s having fun without us?” and then Sam didn’t say a third thing, even though there was something he could have said, and instead he just looked Dean in the eye even as Dean squared his jaw and looked away.
Cas wanted to lean against a wall or person who was not there with him. There were only thin new trees that did not belong to him and could not support his weight.
They were still in the former sanitarium. Cas woke up on the cold, hard floor in the dark. Whatever light came through illuminated dust in the air, as well as a ghoulish, skeletal creature draped in black and rotted shrouds. It was sitting on the desk with its legs crossed. It tilted its head at him.
Dean stood up from the bed and began to fish around in the dresser. Cas felt the missing weight on the bed, at his side, like a blow to the chest. It was the morning; Sam was already back from his run and would be wondering where they were, Jack– he could sense Jack curious and awake in the crib in his room, but not in danger. It was reality. The sun was already up. This was bad timing, a bad idea. He continued waiting as Dean closed the dresser, spun around and wagged a packet in between two fingers. He tossed it and Cas managed to catch it with both hands. Dean fell back on the bed next to him.
Cas touched his cheek, and Dean leaned into it and took a breath.
“… Only Jack?”
“Meg.”
“I know, I know–”
“When was this?”
Dean couldn’t bear to meet his eyes, his voice shaking, “Then ask for it, man.”
“I’m calling you.”
He stepped out into a field, alive, or at least still existing. It was nearing the end of a day. The shadows were long. The grass was long enough to seed sleepy ticks at the sock line but not the belt, and there were wild flowers tilting back and forth in the late wind. There was a large, cool shadow thrown over him, and the rustling of a tree. He saw the Impala by the road. He closed his eyes. Any moment. Any moment it would all fall back away.
“I don’t know if you can put windows in a building like this.”
The display was empty, except for a vaguely purple planet that hadn’t been there seconds ago.
Cas set the plate and mug down in hall, close to the doorway, and walked away.
He didn’t uncover his face, and Cas did not repeat himself. Finally, he managed to calm down and scrub his face with the inside of his shirt. He sucked on his teeth and huffed a laugh, trying to show it didn’t mean anything, it wasn’t him just now crying on his back in someone’s barn, no siree, that was a fluke, allergies. Cas was staring down at him intensely. Dean was surprised to find no pity.
At least it wasn’t Hell. But Cas wasn’t here. Cas was dead, Cas was always dying and always coming back like some fucked up quantum state. The second you looked at the particle, it chose a side. The second Dean had the chance to reach out, it was too late. He’d already fucked up, Cas was already gone.
“No, ma’am, I’m pretty sure you don’t,” he considered something, “Can I ask your last name?”
“I’ll have some if you take some of this blanket.”
DND was not really DND but a quick hookup with a girl from a reddit for dungeon masters, who lived nearby and who Charlie had left in half a sorceress costume before apologizing and bailing.
“I’m sorry to hear that. Can I help?”
“I’d like that.”
Cas ignored the lie and sighed at the ceiling, “I know it’s not cheating. But I… It was our first time. And I know it
“I woke up early to do some cleaning.”
Dean shifted, “You know what? So do I.”
thinking about cas's annoying weird family members... i did not get enough of that dynamic
Dean stood up straight, embarrassed and annoyed about it, “What are you doing out here? It’s freezing!”
“Dean,” he couldn’t help it, “Could you not be so fucking dense?”
“So help me.”
“How’s he doing?”
Cas sighed, sitting on a bench of his own, in a narrow park between a hardware store and a house that had been converted into a dentist’s office.
“I’m sorry.”
Dean wanted to reach out to touch him, but every part of Cas seemed like it would be like touching an electric barrier, and he stood useless and pleading, “Cas. I wasn’t here but now I am. You’re mad at me. I get it. Message received. But I can’t figure out what the hell you want me to do about it. You gotta help me.”
“But–”
“I’m not dating him! I just had sex with him as like, a gay warm-up.”
“Okay.”
“I’m sorry–”
Cas smiled quietly to himself, hoping that somehow Dean could tell, “Please. Keep going.”
“Jesus, we really are old. Hey,” Sam spared a glance to the man behind them coughing to get them to move up in the line, “Why’d you lie to Cas then?”
Cas tilted his head, birdlike and strange and never quite undone over the years, and then beamed as he realized Dean was serious, “Alright.”
“And then Cas will be really sad about it.”
“You thought it was fine if Cas just hooked up with people and never settled down and never left this bunker?”
“Did you want to have sex?”
A man sat next to him. Cas turned his head away without thinking, as if pulling away from someone touching a cut on his face. The man ordered a drink from the bartender, who also graciously set a glass of water in front of Cas. The man drank half his beer before turning to Cas.
“So what does that mean? You’re human?”
Cas waited for the killing blow patiently. It would not matter if this was real or not.
“I understand, I’ll let you sleep–”
know I shouldn’t be a part of his life. I mean, shit, Cas, you know what I’ve put that kid through. I–” Dean huffed into the phone, “That kid should hate me.”
Cas nodded tightly at the ceiling, still exhaling like a bull through his nose, “I liked it.”
He heard voices; here he was, Doctor Sexy, on his way, with his pat on the shoulder, maybe bringing someone to ‘help;’ another woman, a visiting board member or a researcher or another nurse or doctor, who would strip down and stand behind Dean with her breasts pressed against his back and her arms looped around his front and winding down to his thighs, her mouth against his ear. Or she might interrupt, shove him off, tell him to sit down, and she and the first woman would climb over each other and suck on each other’s tongues and clits until they were exhausted and he was finally beckoned over again to pick one of them to fuck.
“Too small,” Cas settled back into napping position.
“Goodnight, Dean!”
“I know!”
“I guess it would just be Crocker’s money. Hey, would you be able to magic me up a burger?”
“Nice to hear from you too, Cas.”
“You don’t want me tomorrow?”
“I removed most of them.”
“Oh. Yeah. That guy. It uh, all worked out. He got what he needed.”
“Sure.”
His cellphone was ringing on the passenger seat. It wasn’t safe to answer the phone while driving. That was what the DMV website had said. It also said it wasn’t safe to be distracted, or to play with the radio, or to drive in an agitated state.
“I’m glad I met you.”
“So that’s weird,” Dean laid back on the bed, “Good job, team.”
“I don’t understand. How did he get away?”
“Yeah?” It was the best sentence he could offer.
“You’ve been
Dean and Sam waited for him to leave, before Sam craned his head to try and see where the ambulance might have gone, “You gotta be kidding me.”
“What? Yeah. It’s perfect,” he clutched it in both hands and then looked up, swallowing, “Is this what you want?”
“Dude’s probably puking. We should give him some space.”
Sam had been in a car accident. Nothing demonic, nothing monstrous, nothing occultish. Someone had been very tired while driving down the highway in the oncoming lane and drifted over far enough to clip the Impala, and sent it spinning off the road and it had flipped. The other driver had been hysteric with guilt and fear and pulled over immediately and called 911. The hospital had called Dean. Dean had called Cas.
“You hear other music? I mean, you don’t have to–”
“Wow. Your golden days are over, huh?”
“Come in.”
There was a night breeze, a crescent moon, a crowd of stars meandering about. Dean looked at him.
“What do you guys think about stopping at one of the lakes while we’re here?”
Cas squinted, “Tie… I know some people use bonds during sex, but last night–”
“Hey, there you are.”
“Jack?”
Sam stopped typing and started over,
His mind swerved comfortably into a euphemism, “Well, that depends on if you like eating out– Damn, you won’t get that joke for awhile. Yeah, it’s kind of like eating.”
“Dean. What is this?”
“Pamela! How are you?”
“No, I just– He seemed disappointed with me.”
“I’m fine. I’m at the bunker. I’m fine.”
“Bullshit.”
. Instead he asked:
“We don’t always know our own path. There is only one who does,” and he looked sagaciously upwards as Dean clenched his jaw to keep from laughing or screaming.
Cas responded by clutching at his hip, the cloth between them, and dragging him forward to rediscover Dean’s jaw by tracing the impression of it with his tongue. The improvised curtain allowed him to exist as a man, as a human, as the faded photograph of the full glory and as the diminished chord. He could reach out with hands and a mouth, feel Dean’s breath through the fibers on his cheek, and yet those were only ideas of hands and a mouth and a cheek. The swarming darkness of him was condensing into these small, electric points of contact. The sheet wrinkled and warped around them without ever pulling or ripping from the clothespins that kept it hung. A dark stain was forming where their breath was misting over and over again. Cas found where Dean’s jaw connected to his ear and bit, hearing Dean gasp right next to his own ear. His fingers struggled to wrap around his waist and settled for pressing against Cas’s chest.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86sb1AFl8Rs
“Did you love him?” Cas winced at himself; one of those questions that was too forward.
“I’ve been known to indulge. So what, you want me to sit around with a six-pack, some porn, and a burger? Because I’m not saying no, but you both better find some place else to be.”
“Dean–”
“Are you okay?”
“No, ma’am,” but he was grinning a little bashfully even as he was pulling her up to him by the hips, her back arching off the bed to get closer.
“Hey. Professor Woodstock. Looking for your bong?”
Dean threw his arms out, “Well, what is it? What do you still need to know, Cas? What are you waiting for?”
“Sam, whatever happens, just– stay in the car. Okay?”
At breakfast Dean smiled at Jack, nodded at Sam and Eileen, almost hitting himself in the face with the spatula when he put a hand to his chin and then his elbow without thinking,
“I need to get coffee, DO NOT take this inside the gas station or I will pretend I don’t know either of you and leave you here. I will be gone for thirty minutes or more if I feel like it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where do you want to–”
Cas’s voice was painfully quiet, “If I had waited, you would have suffocated. Your face was blue. It was my fault you were hurt.”
“No, it’s not that,” Dean watched Cas pull another achingly small loop through the cloth and felt his heart breaking.
Cas let out a sigh that turned into an irritated groan. Dean rubbed his hands over his face.
He put his head back down. Dean tried not to laugh.
“Good. If more people picked their kids over their own bullshit, the world would probably be a little less of a shitshow,” and he sounded like he meant it completely, and Cas felt some kind of deep, gravity-pulling ground under the wheels of the car.
At dinner, Sam and Jack were normal. He kept catching Cas staring at him with a line in his brow, and instead of looking away, Cas just looked at him harder until Dean chickened out and went back to his plate or watching Sam and Jack talk. He’d tell them all about
“Thank you,” Dean nodded firmly, satisfied, “You hungry? We gotta pick up Sam, he’s bringing Charlie her car. We could get breakfast somewhere in town.”
“Well. Call him. Apologize. Throw yourself at his feet. If someone did that to you, what would you want them to do?”
He’d trusted the man enough to go home with him. Why not tell him? Just for the sake of telling anyone at this point.
A second that was stretched out like a rubber band before it snapped, and then Cas was leaning away again, and his voice wasn’t as soft as before.
Dean actually laughed, and Cas smiled without thinking, “I know. But I’m pretty fucked in the head, okay? It’s not like Robin Williams hugs you and tells you it’s not your fault and you go home and sleep eight hours the rest of your life. It’s gonna take some time.”
A long enough silence that he sat back up, “Dean?”
She straightened up and started dragging the straw over the ketchup on her empty plate, “I don’t know. I don’t want to go back to school. I don’t want to be a veterinarian or a business major or teacher or whatever.”
but it felt so forced and goofy that he tossed the phone to the other side of the backseat. Nothing like an existential crisis standing at a bar full of twenty-somethings realizing that you’re older than your parents when they met each other and you’d rather be home in bed by 10 pm. And just earlier that day you had a clear picture of how the night would end, a comforting arm slung around a friend in the backseat of this weird car together and telling him
“I want to live with you. It’s nice to travel. There’s a lot to see, and sometimes I want to stay longer and sometimes I want to be everywhere at once again… But I want to live with you.”
“Uh, okay. Glad you could get that off your chest.”
“Sorry,” but Cas only placed both palms on the wall on either side of Dean’s head and his mouth against the underside of his jaw, not aware or not wanting to pull away long enough.
“Yes,” and Cas smiled wide, “I am too. Modern gender in Western society got very narrow. In Babylon–”
Cas allowed a grin at that, bashful at the floor. He jumped a little when Dean’s hand landed on his shoulder, but when he looked up, Dean was gesturing at the hallway as they walked to the garage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam, offended, “Hey–”
“In your opinion, does
Dean picked up a piece of bacon off the floor and flicked it in after the dishes and cups, “Was he hurt?”
Dean raised his eyebrows and looked at his increasing pile before running a hand through his hair, expecting to feel steam on his palm, “Well. Alright then.”
Dean continued. Of course the condom reduced the urgency of the warning. Cas came and Dean’s hands were ready on his thighs, pinning them down, his mouth remaining warm and open until Cas’s breathing settled.
Cas curled in his arms, his knee resting on Dean’s thigh, his chin and eyes tilted down.
He hit the call button and then swore when he realized he should have texted first, but the call picked up.
“Oh.”
We must have the worst luck.”
“It’s fine,” Cas set a grounding hand over Dean’s forearm, “If anything happens, I’ll sense it. Or I can check in on him.”
“N-nothing,” get it together, “I just wanted to call you. Everything’s fine. Cas moved out.”
Dean waited as Sam listened to the response.
“So when you heal us–”
“So I’m sitting right next to you.”
“Weird. You know how dreams are.”
“Ah, fuck. Fine,” Dean stood up from his desk chair, removing his propped up feet from the bed where Cas sat, “I told him you and me are. Together. You know.”
He unfolded the note. In Cas’s prim but odd script was written,
“Oh no, you’re doomed, you’ll never work out, how will you two ever compromise.”
“The sex.”
“What?”
He pushed it in the chest and stepped back, not so much scared as confused, until several more came out between the trees. Some still had their lower jaws, but none had anything above that. A faint light was glowing out of their open necks.
A doctor came to touch Dean’s elbow, “He’s still tired from the surgery, we should––”
Cas ran for the car, the grass hissing and whispering treacherously against his legs, ignoring the eventual yells behind him, and refused to look in the rear view mirror when he peeled off the side of the road and onto the highway.
“I do like it though. When we can just talk. You seem happier when we do.”
Eventually, Cas thought it would be best to let the bright colors and lights of the slot machines lure him away from the tables, and Eileen, being a good person, followed him. They found relatively peaceful machines near the edge of the casino room, across from the gift shop and the curious stares of children walking with their parents on the permitted strip of carpet that led from the lobby to the elevators. They had a large cup of dimes between them. They had already bought and been gifted some drinks.
“You told me and Sam you’d lock us out if you caught us smoking in the house again,” and Dean looked around and they were in a house, a
“I don’t know. Just do whatever you want.”
Sometimes Dean would hear Cas and Sam talking in their shared room (the quarters with the bunks that he and Sam had shared as kids). Dean would raise his eyebrows and stretch lazily while he eavesdropped; it started with Sam asking too many questions, too excited, while Cas would give short, bored answers. After a few too many rude responses, Dean had half a mind to drop Cas off at the nearest Federation outpost; but eventually Cas was the one asking questions, and Sam was the one laughing and giving patient answers.
“I don’t mind. I can still be this for you, when you need it. But my true form clearly unsettled you. I didn’t mean for you to see it at all. I never thought you would.”
“It was an unbelievable stroke of good luck that he somehow managed to put in a request with
“Hm. Sounds like a good way to double sales.”
Dean moved slowly towards the crib, his body angled as if he was approaching a bomb, and then reached in to pick up Jack, who was already trying to pull himself up by the bars. Dean held him comfortably, even though his expression was still uncertain. Jack began playing with the folds of his shirt, and Dean relaxed slightly.
“Dean. Are you okay?”
He’d been alone for a very long time. As a human, what was a few more decades? If he was lucky and didn’t die of a knife to the chest or a swift disease. But love seemed very important to people. It was the nice ending to movies. When people didn’t get it, it was the sad ending. And he knew that some people never had it and died without it, and that life was still something to be treasured. It was still fulfilling to have friends, and a garden on the roof, and maybe some kind of family like Claire. But he had thought about it for a long time and the truth was that he wanted to be loved.
“Nothing. Something Charlie said.”
And then Uriel walked away. His suit was new. Meg pursed her lips.
Cas felt cowed by something suddenly much heavier and harder to look at than Dean’s own problems, something too much in the shape of himself, “No. Or– I thought you might miss me, but that you would move on. That you would find happiness.”
Cas wanted to say
“Yes. I think so.”
Cas turned to look at the man fully. He seemed, on closer inspection, quiet and shy, with somber lines on his face. He could not quite meet Cas’s eye.
“Claire is a teenager, she doesn’t count as a friend.”
The changeling had knocked the phaser out of Cas’s hand, and then with a rushing movement like someone attacking a windmill, he’d charged Cas and pinned him to the wall with his hand–– except now his hand was shaped into a long scimitar blade. Cas had gasped, and Dean had crawled on the floor and aimed the phaser at the changeling’s back, set past
“Dean?”
“Dean.”
“I guess not.”
"'Stoned me just like Jelly Roll. And it stoned me.' That lyric is thought to be a reference to jazz musician Jelly Roll Morton, whose recordings Morrison listened to with his father as he was growing up."
“Do you really believe that?”
“Well. Maybe.”
“So what, you’re saying everything’s fine now? How––”
Sandals, that he had found in the bunker, and that Dean had stared at yesterday with a wrinkled brow and a small smile before shaking his head. Somewhere between then and now, Dean had dug up this anger. Cas had empty hands and honesty.
“Yeah. Maybe.”
“No. He might simply think they are his own thoughts and feelings.”
“We should really take care of that.”
“What about me? What about if I’m in trouble?”
“Uh, no?” Dean turned completely to make sure Cas could see the full extent of his disapproval, “Unless you want to saddle Ms. Crocker with that time she was married to the town tramp for the rest of her life.”
“Yes, Dean.”
“He likes you.”
i think q would find out his weird little brother is currently honeymooning across the stars with the human HE became obsessed with and the glass of red wine in q's hand would shatter
to be honest,” Sam turned back to him, “Should we go after him?”
Sam was a tiefling paladin named Ursula, older and disillusioned with her former order, and Jack was her trailing and enthusiastic apprentice despite the fact he wore all black; a half-orc fighter named Rudy.
“And I would still love you even if you weren’t like me at all. You just have to be you.”
There was a wolf-whistle, and the other man laughed, “Whoa! Interesting marriage you got there, Dean. What do you think about this Cas, Dan, she’s gotta be a wildcat or what?”
“Okay. If this is what you wanna do. Fuck Vegas.”
“... Thank you. What did you two dream about?”
Cas frowned at that, but did not say anything until they were out of town, and back at the little Crocker house. Cas did not follow Dean in but waited at the bottom of the little steps. Dean turned around.
There was always a cameo from Doctor Sexy himself, where he’d walk past and pat Dean on the shoulder while he was drilling someone with their legs around his waist or on all fours with their ass pressed against his hips, and tell him he was doing a fine job. Sometimes the dream would even start with Doctor Sexy asking Dean if he could help him with something, and leading him to a room, and pulling back the curtain to reveal a woman lounging smugly back on the cheap pillows, her leg drawn up to pull her dress up even further. Or as the years passed, a woman pulling a shirt over her head to reveal a bargain bra and nodding briskly at Dean as she shucked off her pants, telling him to do the same.
and fully healed and unless
I wanted to come here and figure it out without anyone knowing, in case it was. I thought maybe I would finally know for certain. But I’ve never felt less sure of myself. I feel more lost than ever.”
“Did he tell you? Do you know who Keith is?”
want,” his face relaxed, “That’s what would make me happy. Knowing what you want.”
“I don’t want him to think I’m not having fun.”
“You guys are from another dimension. And that’s why you guys can do whatever you want?”
“Okay,” Dean exhaled like Cas had just offered Dean all of his organs, “Okay.”
“Oh,” he said to the alley.
“Make you feel real,” and there was such a low, dead-serious promise to it that Cas inhaled as silently as he could.
while looking at Dean with a big I TOLD YOU SO on his face, “That’s great.”
Dean glared. He couldn’t help it. The panic was mixed with shame and terror and fury now. Cas looked at him levelly, ready to withstand it. There was a touch of the Castiel who’d Dean had first met, smug and unimpressed at the charred hole in his chest. It was woven seamlessly with the Cas who’d he trusted to watch him cry and stroke his hair a minute ago.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Not sure why I thought this would work.”
“Yeah. Baby steps. At the end of the night we’ll all go home and maybe we can try this some other time. This might actually be better for him than getting wasted his first time out and ending up with some d-bag.”
“Your feelings, Dean. They’re hard to ignore. They’re so strong, so tuned in to
Bobby’s scrap-heap ship was surrounded by the Obsidian Order. The old bastard and Sam had refused to let Dean go alone, and now he was back to square one; thinking of how he could shove them out of the way and take the hit himself. It was a harder maneuver to pull off in a beat-up Klingon raider than in person.
“Yeah, read me the statistics from a
Halfway through the smile spreading across his own face, Cas realized there was a tear rolling down his cheek. He touched it and looked at his finger. The feeling was not unpleasant. He even laughed a little. He did not reach for Dean, and Dean did not reach for him.
“I trust you too much. You’re a good friend, Sam,” and Cas fell asleep before he could say more, under Sam’s watch.
“There was one more thing,” he sat down on the bed next to him, and Cas raised a knowing eyebrow.
and the pastor frowned and said no.
“Of course I know you. I touched your soul.”
Dean struck out at the local bar. Meanwhile Sam went in and out of the motel bathroom refusing to look Cas in the eye. Sam did not like the idea of encouraging Dean to get blackout drunk, and Dean admitted it did not seem appealing in the moment.
Dean turned to Sam for help, who shrugged, not quite on his side and not quite on Bobby’s, before turning back, “I want to know what brought me back. What if it’s something bad? What if it’s some trick of the Cardassians, or the Romulans or something, and I never died and I got brainwashed and–”
To be honest; it was too dry. Cas gave a good college try but the skin rubbed wrong, the friction dragging and annoying. Dean actually laughed through red lips.
“We got you. We got you.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Maybe I don’t want to go back to my time anymore.”
“Huh. Well. Hm. We are both so fucked.”
And then, as he had so often had to do, he closed his eyes and grit his teeth, and remembered, it very much was.
“He was nice.”
“Do I know you?” she asked.
,” as if Dean had just gotten on his knees with a bouquet of roses and read him a sonnet, but then he was pressing Dean back against the wall and clawing the collar of his shirt down.
“Dean told me. You think you’re the only one I’ve been texting?”
“Stop. You know I’ve been texting Eileen. Emailing her. I really like her.”
“I remember.”
“I do. Did you– Do you want me to–”
“I don’t know. It wasn’t really the dream. It was waking up in a… In a dark room.”
“If it makes you feel better, Cas wouldn’t stop moving around last night. He almost hit me in the face.”
“Cas? You there?”
“Yeah, but I’ve seen pictures. It’s a big rocky desert. Looks like Death Valley.”
“I mean if you want to live somewhere else we should. You don’t have to stay here.”
“You sure?”
“There goes the family.”
Cas gave him a weary look, with just the tilt of a smile, before looking away. Dean watched as a line of worry creeped into his face.
“What?”
the ending song is 'take me to the pilot' by elton john
“Dean,” but fond even as it was chastising, and Dean tried not to grin too hard as he pushed up the tailgate.
“No, no, Dean, it’s fine for now, but I think they’re suspicious. I didn’t tell them about you. I claimed I only had my own suspicions of Ishim, and was investigating him. But I can tell they don’t like that I acted without telling them, and I think they’re planning on– On fixing me. Angels don’t just go out and kill other angels. We only have a little time left–”
Cas tilted his head, unamused. Dean huffed and rubbed at his hair.
Dean wrestled his wallet out of his jeans and threw it at Sam’s head before diving out the opposite door, “Just get out of here. Get me coffee.”
“I haven’t looked at them yet,” he chose to speak without thinking too long about what he’d say, “I was afraid to.”
“Yes,” Cas leaned back and sighed against the headboard, alright with letting the subject change, “You shouldn’t have done that.”
The hand paused slightly and Dean leaned his head up into it without thinking, the need for touch overwhelming the shame at needing, and the hand continued as Cas hummed, “I did feel that way. To us, you all seem dead already. The death of the galaxy was interesting to me, and nothing more.”
Dean exhaled in relief, and patted the bed for Cas to sit next to him, “I’m fine. I was gonna tell you all tomorrow, but just the typical weird shit.”
He had barely brushed his mouth over Cas’s forehead with a half-assed, “Goodnight,” before he was dead asleep.
Cas’s heart rate sped up. This was always the part where the illusion broke on him. He wanted to turn around and run. But Dean did not announce the usual sentimental, bolded three words written in cursive as he had done several times before. Instead it was only some logistical filler for the sticklers in the audience.
“It’s– It’s an expression for when you’re drinking, and then uh, if you go to the bathroom you spend the whole night going to the bathroom over and over. So you might as well hold it for as long as you can.”
Sam, “Honestly, knowing Cas… It could go either way. But I don’t want to be in a car with them.”
Sam was sitting in a lawn chair he’d brought up, “I mean. Not anymore, they act like a couple that broke up. I just thought it seemed like they were close.”
“Oh.”
“You’re different. I guess when I met you you were flying high on being my savior and everything. Thought you could boss me around,”
“But that’s what I mean, Cas. Before it was stressful, and awful, but I… I knew how to do it, you know? Or at least, I
“... And that’s the kind of bar you want to take Cas to? Cas, angel of the lord, nerdy quiet guy, Cas? Our Cas?”
“Are you staying?”
“‘Move into a one-bedroom cottage in the countryside’ bad. And trust me,” he tilted his head back towards the front door, in the direction of Rufus’s whistling snores, “I would know.”
“Thank future you for that–”
The tip of the knife poked through, and then it began gently, uselessly, trying to saw through the cloth. He heard Dean swear. Cas supposed that in a dream, one could just imagine the hole already there. He did not mention this and instead watched with unblinking eyes as the knife darted in and out, until the torn cloth fell forward like a leaf. The knife disappeared.
Cas frowned at the wall, as if he’d just been told they weren’t going to pull over for milkshakes after all. He was sulking. Dean actually laughed.
He did this quicker than he expected. Even in Vegas, he and Eileen had remained a responsible, mature, constant level of tipsy. He’d forgotten that without grace, several drinks would all hit him in full, for
“What do you plan on doing?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know, I don’t have a great frame of reference. And hell, you’re talking to me, remember? It’s not like you’re at risk of being Jack’s worst guardian while I’m still around. But you know, even Bobby said things that hurt sometimes. I think that’s just how it is, especially when kids get older. He’s not ready for an apology yet anyways. Just relax and think it over for now, okay?”
Something like hope or a mosquito was buzzing around his head when he called Jack.
“We’re only two songs in.”
It felt like he might jump if Cas reached out to touch him. He might bolt. He might evaporate into the bright air, might disappear– as he would one day. As would everyone. Cas thought about how good it had felt to hold him. How he had comforted Claire and Jack the same way, how Sam had comforted him. It meant everything sometimes to feel like you could throw yourself over a loved one, even if only for a few minutes or decades.
Cas opened his mouth, and closed it. There was no point in any of it. When the soul moved again, Cas followed, and Dean must have taken it as a yes.
“Yes. Uh. Actually, you know, you kind of inspired me. To try it out.”
Dean opened his eyes, more lucid than he would have guessed, and winked, “This is what you get for your beating around the bush schtick earlier.”
“Man, what do you want me to say?”
Claire’s eyes wandered over the restaurant, “I was, but I’m taking a break this quarter.”
Cas drooped.
“I was going to find out how to help you once I knew. I’m sorry, Dean. I’m sorry this isn’t the first time.”
“Thrilling.”
“Ew, Sam.”
“No. I’d like to. It’d make me very happy to dance with you.”
“What do you want to do next? I shooed Jack and Dean out of the room. They were just sitting here staring at you.”
“He’s fine, it’s nothing like that. But you know, the other day he said something and I… Well, Sam and I were talking about growing up, being boys, and Jack said uh. He said he wasn’t a boy.”
If Dean was angry, he wasn’t angry enough to cancel the credit card. Or maybe Sam had stopped him. Either way, Cas held his breath as the woman behind the desk ran the cost of the room, and didn’t exhale until she handed him the keys. She noticed the exhale and raised her eyebrows, as if to say
Cas turned to see Sam surrounded by a semi-circle of men. He noticed Cas for a moment and waved before going back to talking to the crowd.
“Sure. He doesn’t know you, though.”
regret and I freak out, like even now, right?”
She squinted, and the smile slipped off her face, “Wait, are you serious right now?”
“So the common factor in all of these cases was…”
“Listen, I’m not gonna talk out of turn about another man’s girl. But Cas, if you’re ever near our studio, feel free to stop by, we won’t even run your plates.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’m just saying, you like all those things more than me or Cas do.”
“Dean–“
Dean groaned theatrically but it turned into another laugh.
“I’ll get right to the point. Sammy wants to move out.”
“I think it would be nice for him.”
“I know how to sweep, Cas.”
“Cas…”
Nope. No, that was escalation, that was the kind of trouble they always fell into, and then before you knew it someone was promising their soul to hell or trying to pull a heist on heaven and that was not– That wasn’t tenable. It really, really wasn’t.
“I ever tell you what an Irish goodbye is?”
Dean stopped, a knee bent with his ankle still caught in his jeans, “Excuse me?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t enjoy being human. Maybe I’ll become a vampire.”
Cas was no less disturbing standing on ground and pretending gravity affected him than he was standing on nothing in the middle of space. He meandered between being infuriatingly amused or annoyed by all of them; either finding them harmless or ungrateful, Dean especially. Bobby was still bitter about how his attempt to sever Cas in half with a bat’leth had been met with a finger to the forehead, which dropped him quicker than a Vulcan nerve pinch.
Dean picked up the book on his desk. He’d already read it, but it was a good distraction. There was a bookmark or something in it that he didn’t remember. He opened it to the page and a piece of folded paper fell out.
“How about you stay here, and we set a date on when you should talk to him again. That way you don’t feel like you’re just giving in. Put him over the coals for a little while.”
She was old enough to drink now, that was true, even though she was sipping out of a Dr. Pepper. He had texted her since he’d come back, explained to her what he was doing, the fear of the Empty, and she had texted back short sentences confirming that she was glad he was alive, sounds rough, good luck with all that, etc.
“You okay?”
“Hey, me too. Turn it up.”
“What do you like doing?”
There was no use trying to fall back asleep. He got up, the cat landing with a thud on the floor behind him, and walked into the hall. The cat ran ahead of him, to the living room, where the lights were on and a familiar head could be seen over the back of an armchair.
“Sorry to hear that.”
“Okay,” Dean straightened his head again, looking down at Jack, and Cas smiled faintly at the familiarity of the image of the parent and the baby, which he had seen repeated endlessly throughout time; but never like this, never so close to his own life, as he almost began crying at the sight.
“I know.”
Dean cut off. Cas, as always, wished he could set the phone down and reach out and touch him across miles and miles. Dean continued.
“You have children?” The man didn’t seem old enough to have kids who could drink.
He typed out
“For cleaning my clothes. And saving me too, I guess.”
All three of them paused. Sam and Cas looked at Dean.
Another silence, and then Dean asked, “So. Do you want me to talk, or do you wanna talk?”
Cas looked momentarily annoyed, as if he was going to bring up that he had already tried to stick it in Dean’s Freudian, subliminal, dream cunt only to be told he was doing it wrong, but then Dean’s hand trailed off his face and to Cas’s dick, and Cas’s eyelashes fluttered and he nodded. He positioned himself, again checking everything meticulously before starting.
He pieced his way through chords that fell over his hands like streams of water. Cas recognized it.
“Shit. I’m asking if you want me to finger you first, Romeo.”
He could see the question forming on Cas’s face, the concern in his eyes, and he pulled him down and kissed him before he could say anything. Cas’s mouth stayed light, closed; until Dean bit his lip and licked across it, and then Cas was sucking on his tongue and sweeping inside. Cas hovered above Dean until Dean pulled him down, growling until Cas pressed down against him. The armor was gone; or pieces of it were still there, some idea of it, glinting silver and alternating between the warm skin of Cas’s chest and arms. Cas kept his hands at either side of Dean’s head, holding himself up, until Dean gasped and grabbed one, and dragged it between their stomachs to his dick. Cas left two light kisses against the corner of Dean’s mouth, which he recognized now as asking for permission. Dean nodded and groaned when Cas’s hand closed around him, and then Dean removed it immediately and brought it back up to his face.
“It's easier when you’re close to me.”
“Huh. Still kind of gross. Wait, so are you just carrying around a Sharpie in your pocket then?”
Cas had still not turned around. He was blinking up at the second story of motel rooms. The roof was blue. People liked to paint buildings near bodies of water blue.
“I’m good, how are you? Where are you right now?”
He turned to see Cas blinking dreamily at him, and then turned away.
“After all this time. You still don’t think you deserve it.”
It was the day before Sam was heading out. Eileen had already gone to bed. She and Dean had been practicing insults in ASL after dinner while Sam heartily pretended to ignore them while labeling boxes, even as they giggled over inane nothings like
“So why leave the ones on my chest?”
“You didn’t think I’d do it?”
“Cas, I… Can you look at me?”
“It’s been hard to find a point of contact. And when we do, it doesn’t mean that contact knows every single werewolf or vampire or shapeshifter in the country.”
“Cas?”
“You should go. You don’t want to keep Dean waiting.”
She put it out, and even picked it up out of the dark mystery of the ground and tossed it into an ashtray hanging over the trash can, “Sorry. Should have told you.”
Cas glared at him in bewilderment, tone reeling like a cobra, “Why would you blame it on me?”
He remembered what Jack had said, and stared at the plate of food, and willed it to disappear. It remained. He sat up and ate, and drank the coffee, which was still hot. He folded the blanket and set it over the back of the couch. It looked, in a memory that rung far away, like the one from Bobby’s house a very long time ago.
"I guess she's trying to figure out what to do with her life now that she's not a reaper and doesn't have Chuck writing lines for her anymore."
They left in the morning.
She scratched the back of her neck, “I guess.”
“I can drop you off at Risa.”
“I don’t live with Keith anymore.”
Cas did not believe that, and said a little too high, “Maybe.”
Sam leaned back on his hands, “Huh. So, by that logic, nobody ever has to try to get better ever. That sounds good.”
And I don’t know what I’ll do if it doesn’t.”
A man in a faded suit and a bowler hat glanced at him like
He stood there. Cas looked at him, hands folded over his chest, lying up against Baby’s windshield.
Cas’s legs almost buckled, but he stood, “Yes.”
“What?”
He put the phone down. Sam was gonna be pissed. That was an easier problem to focus on than the burning ball of fire that was Cas. And
Dean thought of his hand hovering over a sigil while Ishim taunted him, “Just don’t be here if I need to.”
woodwinds of “I Want To Be Evil” drifted out of his phone. He thanked the cashier and left with his reusable bag full of groceries before answering, excusing himself around an older couple browsing the plants outside the automatic doors.
After five days of blissful eggshell-walking, tentative moments of affection that asked where the border was drawn on what was and wasn’t okay to do yet, what felt good despite feeling strange, what was okay to do in front of the others; there finally came a morning when Dean was gone. Usually he was either curled up against him, or finding excuses to still be lingering in the room until Cas woke up.
“I might have to rip it, are you sure?”
Cas flipped the card over. There was the photo of the cathedral.
I could ride my bike–”
He heard and in some way felt the crutches push down on the floor, could imagine the swing and lift of Jack moving towards him. Then the couch sank, and he felt someone sitting near his stomach. He felt the air displaced from where the crutches were leaned up near his face. He did not open his eyes.
In town, Cas introduced Dean as his brother. Those who knew Dean as Mr. Winchester, and Cas as Ms. Crocker, found this very odd, until Dean explained that he’d been very close with his aunt, so they were
“I’ve been getting therapy, Cas. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.”
“Don’t try any of those empath tricks on me. We wanted to ask you about some things that happened on the Starship Enterprise-D. Ever heard of it?”
“Do you like it here?”
“I wish I could make this easier, Dean.”
“To what? What the fuck are you talking about?”
“I know you want more than you have. You think you deserve less than you get.”
“Claire, please tell them you’re alright. I’ll pick you up but they have to know you’re okay.”
“One way to find out.”
“Sam was talking about you and Rufus the other day. How is he?”
“It’s okay, Claire. You don’t have to tell me.”
“Yes,” he said it quietly, afraid to speak any louder.
She had laughed. He had gone to bed that night, almost immediately gotten up, faced his own door, and then stepped out into the hallway only to see Dean, lingering outside his own room. They both froze. Dean nodded at him, and Cas followed him until they were side by side. Their hands brushed, and he turned his smile to the wall. Dusty tried to follow them outside, and Dean placed her back in the bunker and murmured at her small meows.
“You know, that’s not a bad idea. I still gotta have some hours of the week to get dinner ready and drive Jack around, and you would not believe how dirty the bunker gets with only three people in it, and… Okay. Yeah, laugh it up. I know how I sound.”
“Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on–” Dean leaned forward and was just able to reach the sleeve of Cas’s coat, “Where you going?”
“Do you still want me to– to–“
“Okay. So I
Cas could relate, “I’ll go to the radio station.”
He opened it. Cas was standing outside, terrified. They stared at each other. There was clearly a wet patch on the front of Dean’s sweats. Cas had a tent at the front of his. Dean finally licked his lips and nodded to the bed.
Dean scratched the hair behind his ear and looked up towards the ceiling, which in some people might have seemed like he was looking up towards God for help but in Dean was only a bad tell since childhood, “Well, I uh. I have to make up a lot of lost ground with you, Charlie. I just started hooking up with dudes a few months ago.”
moment just to fuck with him if he was gonna act like this.
“No worries.”
“I promise I will tell you. I’ll let you talk at me all you want. But you gotta let me drive for a few hours at least.”
“I’m still here.”
Cas might have been smiling at him before his eyes rolled, and then Dean was lifting him up, and bridal carrying him into the house. He left Ishim’s vessel’s body in the path, wings burnt across the ground and reaching into the branches of a bystanding oak. He set Cas on the bed, stomach down so he could look at the wound on his back. Sorry for the dirt on your sheets, Ms. Crocker. He knelt and hissed at him.
"You can't talk to me like that in front of Chess, you know."
Her pants caught on her knees a little, they both laughed. It was almost like they were old friends. Her underwear, her shirt, her bra. The first few times he’d done anything like this it had gone in jarring, glitching steps; fully clothed to no clothes, dirty talk straight to the middle of fucking. He’d reined it in eventually, and over the years he’d found he liked the little minute-burners of undoing zippers and clasps. He liked getting comfortable and making sure everyone involved, dream or not, felt like they were gonna get what they wanted, like everyone was present in the moment and not just getting shoved from one porn daydream to another. And even if the women weren’t real, he liked being the kind of person who could, theoretically, do that for someone. And he liked how these fantasies started to treat him the same way, not as some mysterious drifter who fucked bored chicks in dirty motels and the back of his muscle car but as some guy they would get a beer with, or a friend who would bring them coffee and flirt half-seriously during their breaks.
He shrugged, “I hope so.”
“Just talk to him, Dean. I know that talking about feelings is like eating glass for you but just let him know you’re happy for him. He really cares what you think, you know?”
“A little. But I think I’ll get it.”
And it made it hard to focus.
“We could still dance to the next one.”
“He hasn’t said anything to you?”
Mariah Carey is now being played at Geneva Convention approved volumes in the house. You’re a real kickass dad, you know that?”
Harold did own several bookcases, cluttered desks, and a coffee table that Cas could feel radiating love the same way he used to be able to see people’s souls. It was small. Only one person lived there. There were some houseplants in the corner, and the blinds were open, and a mirror on the wall that showed him his face, his wrinkled clothes from last night, his bare feet on the bottom rung of a bar stool. He turned shyly away.
“What? What was he doing? Oh no, did Rita's dad actually get her a motorcycle? Does he have to get surgery? Is he–“
Dean was crying. Dean was the woman on the bed and the man with his back against the wall. He didn’t really want to wear squeezing lingerie and pinching heels but maybe he didn’t always like being a man. He wanted to touch Cas and he was afraid to let Cas touch him, the real him. He just wanted to be useful.
Fuck, “… What do you like about hunting?”
“I think he’s right.”
“You’re not making me do anything. I’m,” Cas paused, his eyes finally trailing away, embarrassed, “I’m happy to be here.”
“Sometimes people do that during– during this kind of thing. You just get kind of overwhelmed and your body starts reacting weird.”
“Hey. Whoa. Don’t be mean.”
“Are you checking any of his text messages?”
“The Q are sometimes distressed by the ability to know and have everything. There’s no limitation, and so there’s nowhere to go. My brother Gabriel once described it as incredibly boring before… I think you’d describe it as ‘fucking off’.”
“He was awake but they gave him a bunch of painkillers. He’s all busted up. He was trying to joke about it because he saw what a wreck I am and apologized for crashing the car. He passed out but the nurses said that’s fine. After everything, man. It never gets easier, seeing him beaten up like that. The nicest kid and he never stops getting hurt,” Dean put his head in his hands, and Cas pressed his fingers together to keep from reaching across the table, “I thought we were done with stuff like this. I thought the hard part was over.”
“... Come on, buddy, you can say anything at this point.”
“I want my Cas,” the possessive made him flinch just a little, “Not you.”
Candids of Cas and Sam that Dean had taken, of them in diners or leaning against the Impala or glaring at him for taking yet another photo while they were trying to talk. A picture of Cas and him standing together in formal clothes at some event, both their smiles forced and awkward, that Sam must have insisted on. A photo of Cas and him asleep on Bobby’s couch, a beer still in his hand, Cas curled up against him with his head on his shoulder, their mouths open. There was photographic evidence that Cas had stayed. Was staying. It was even likely that he was never going to leave.
“I should have been there and I wasn’t. I can’t keep doing this.”
“You can stay here, if you want.”
“Yeah. And you end up seeing things the same way she does. You choose to do things because you care about people. Not because someone told you to or told you it’s all part of some greater plan. Not even because I yell at you to, eventually. And the only reason you listen to me anyways is because you already know it’s what’s right. Because you always wanted to do the right thing but needed someone to tell you–” Dean’s voice broke, “–that it doesn’t mean there’s anything wrong with you, Cas. That broken feeling is the best part of you. I’m sorry. If it hurts.”
“They didn’t tell you?”
“Fuck–“
“You seemed distracted,” Cas almost looked concerned, but maybe that was just the face he’d picked, “Are you alright?”
“I should let you–”
Sam waited for Cas to make eye contact with him, and then backed up, never turning around, until he was twenty feet away. He pulled out his phone and started texting, looking up every ten seconds to make sure Cas hadn't bolted.
“Okay. How do you wanna do this? I want to go up to the roof so I don’t get claustrophobic. Also, lots of places to throw up.”
“I know what you mean,” almost too quiet to hear, “Do you ever… Think about leaving?”
Cas’s voice brought him back to reality, noticing the hole in the shirt after Dean did, “Oh. I’ll replicate you a new one. I’m sorry about that.”
“Dean, again, that is what I’m desperately trying to figure out right now. You know, you know what?” Sam puffed his chest out, never a good sign, “You sound jealous! That’s it.”
“I do.”
Something near him shuddered like birds flushing out of a tree and he flinched in turn; he hadn’t noticed that he was getting close to a woman praying. She looked down at him with wide shocked eyes, but as he looked back at her and resisted the urge to grin, she began to look more puzzled. This made him look puzzled. They stared at each other.
“What am I, his secretary?”
The wish to melt into the bed came back stronger than before, but not so miserable. There was an uncomfortably intense anticipation, on the same wavelength as whenever Cas got up in his face and he thought that something might happen, something that hey, he wouldn’t say no to. Something that he would never suggest himself, but if it happened– He was always waiting for it to happen. His face was hot. He put his hands over it. Something lightly touched his shoulder and he recoiled. He pulled his hands away to see Cas reaching out, looking caught.
He’d been hiking through a forest trail in a state park when he’d seen Anna on the other side of a bridge. They made eye contact; she turned away and continued walking, and he did not follow her.
“Why would I be pissy?”
“Oh,” Dean schooled his expression to be as blunt as Cas’s tone, but his own voice came out high and cracked, “Just checking.”
Cas started asking about books. Dean read a lot of books, had a lot of opinions about anything from Arthur Conan Doyle to Octavia Butler to Stephen King. But they always seemed like something you had to pry out of him and grab fast, like swiping a pearl out of a clam shell. Now that they had a place to stay, Dean had been building up a collection of used and yellowed paperbacks. Even if he wouldn’t talk about them freely, he always seemed happy for the rest of the day when Cas would ask if he could borrow one. The professor readily talked about Baldwin and Dostoyevsky.
Dean didn’t expect that, “What do you mean?”
Dean came back in, mercifully wearing pants and that old robe he refused to give up even though Cas squinted at it like a third man in the bed with them. He held up a finger, changing directions from the bed to the dresser.
“Several years.”
into the screen, he wanted to screech and break the windows of a business-sector office building. He wanted to be yelling over the long table in the bunker’s meeting room. He wanted to dig his hands like talons into Dean’s jacket. He wanted to do everything in person.
“Because a little birdy won’t shotput me back into the 21st century.”
“Yeah. I was gonna go for a drive. Run some errands. Look at some trees.”
“It’s nothing, Dean.”
“Yes?” Cas settled for gasping weakly, not sure if he had any spare breath lying around.
He was crossing some kind of desert, not Biblically miserable but full of yuccas and flowers, road runners and jackrabbits, an owl in a cactus, the sky pink and psychedelic as the massive boulders turned blue– and then he was at a campfire. There was a shadow sitting across from him suddenly. Every time he tried to look at it through the fire, it shifted into static, into the night behind it. After enough times, Dean found it strangely playful.
His eyes were closed. His chest was heaving. Dean watched him. His own dick was still throbbing. He dragged his fingers over his wet chin absently as he noted the way Cas’s breath filled in, poured out. How could someone exhaust the Chrysler Building? Then Cas took one last deep breath and relaxed into the flat pillow. He actually laughed, short and tired, his eyes still closed.
“No, I liked it. Good use of um,” he blinked, “Metaphor.”
“This some kind of roleplay you want to try?”
“What?”
The man in front of Cas laughed, soundless from across the room. He looked pleased, calm, friendly. He reminded Dean of woodcut illustrations of demons watching with interest as someone was pulled apart in hell, while Dante must have looked on while Virgil rutted between two strangers and slipped his tongue into one of their mouths, the movement traceable in the lewd bulge of their cheeks. Cas pulled away from the first man, and again– an eerie, ice-cold moment of eye contact with Dean several yards away, more lucid now– before he took the second man’s cheerful head in both his hands and kissed him with the somber desire of a holy man blessing someone.
“I think so,” his head ached, his mouth was dry, his ears hurt, his chest felt like a hollow room someone was trying to get out of, “I’m okay.”
“Jesus Christ. That’s Cas for you.”
who else loves the end of charlie's angels (2000)
“Fine,” Dean sucked on his teeth, “I’m just. You know how… You know how we were raised.”
“Let’s not get too excited. We can go anywhere you don’t need a plane for or a passport or a job with a college degree to make rent. Which ain't far. You might not like just anywhere.”
“I’m good. I just saw Claire. I was thinking about how you two still haven’t met. How would you feel about maybe having her stay at the bunker? Or going up to Sioux and seeing Kaia and the rest of the girls?”
“Kevin is too young to drink and probably chilling with his mom and trying to take summer classes right now.”
“Hi, Cas. How are you?”
self-conscious but good enough pronunciation,
Maybe even an irritatingly effective
“It’s dream poison, Sam! We gotta help Cas!”
“You’re hurt, dumbass! Maybe you don’t realize it, but––”
“That same day I called you.”
There was something buzzing near his hand. He reached for it– it was soft. It was the cat again, purring. His eyes were adjusting, and he saw his door had been left slightly open. He reached for his phone on the bedside table, knocked it off, scrambled for it between the table and the wall and knocked his knuckles against both for his trouble, and then clicked the button. It was 5 am. Also, his battery was at 3%.
They talked for awhile. They went outside when the place finally closed and the cashier remembered to ask them to leave.
“Yeah. I guess it just felt like once Chuck was gone, everything would fall into place. But there are so many things wrong with the world anyways. And after spending my whole life being watched, it’s kind of weird, you know, to suddenly…”
“When you… you put me back together,” he tried to laugh at the weight of the phrase as he let the words out, but it fell flat, “You left some scars.”
“She bully you or something?”
“Hi, Jack.”
Cas didn’t turn away. He only stared at Dean with that smile still in place, though his eyes had taken on that dreamy quality from earlier.
Cas pulled up again to look him in the eye, “Are you going to be okay? Maybe we should stop.”
“And a mother.”
“It’s okay, Sam, it wasn’t very good anyways,” he lied, and a couple walking by gave him a questioning look and he shook his head quietly until they nodded and walked into the movie he’d just left.
Dean coughed, and looked up, flatly unamused, “Uh, maybe not right now.”
“Does he like Claire more than me?”
Eventually he pulled away and kissed Dean soundly, before declaring:
turn around, and there be no head over the neck, and Cas would let go of its hand.
song go?
“You okay, Cas?”
“Before you go… I don’t understand. Why did you say you were sorry? Why aren’t you mad at me anymore?”
song though. Dean, next time bring your A-game if you’re gonna try and make googly eyes at our brother over the radio. B, you wanna add anything?”
"We're all friends now don't worry about it, bye, angel!” and she hung up.
“Why?”
“Oh,” Sam raised his eyebrows, “Is he taking the truck?”
One of the sheep was trying to bite his hand. He pulled it away and it let him pet it on the head. He looked up to see Cas watching him.
Dean was so relaxed, in a way that usually only complete despair could break him into. His eyes were bright and open. He didn’t look away with embarrassment, or shame, or huff and say something about how they needed to get up and get back to work. Cas had soothed him. His chest swelled with gold and scarlet pride. The ecstasy of Teresa, the daughters of men who were swept away by the sons of God– and now him, loosening the squeaky hinge in Dean’s jaw. Dean barely looked like himself. For a moment, he looked like another man entirely, and then Cas recoiled. It did not look like Dean because it could not be Dean. There was pain that could not be undone by love. It was hubris to think so. This wasn’t real. They were both standing up now, Dean reaching for him with a look of almost petulant, entitled need; not the way Dean let himself need anything. Cas stepped back.
“Yeah?” Head still down.
“Well. Between you and me, why were you able to see Claire and not Jack?”
“Good to see you still have your sense of humor.”
Dinner passed normally, and Bobby and Cas went outside to practice sparring in the cool air, which Dean usually enjoyed watching furtively while pretending to be doing literally anything else, but Rufus whistled at him and tilted his head to the kitchen.
I can do this.”
“Yes, you can set your clipboard down over here. Nurse Masters, is this alright?”
“Shut up, Dean. I have my own business to attend to.”
“Yeah. That day when he freaked out, we finally talked about… About you, I guess. But mostly the way he feels about you.”
Dean felt like all the cold and warmth of the night had drained out of him, leaving him as see-through and empty as a plastic bag. The flashlight was closer now, and a man in a banded hat was walking up to them.
“Holy shit, how do you and me ever manage to communicate
In the morning he woke up and Cas was no longer pressed against him but snoring into the pillow he'd claimed on the other side of the bed. His leg was still thrown over Dean’s knee. Dean laughed when he felt Cas’s sock rub up against his thigh. Cas woke up and turned over, voice bleary.
“I’m barely laughing. I’m surprised you can even hear me.”
Actually going home with the guy–
The game-show metronome between
“What.”
“I’m not trying to kick you out or anything. But I know an empty house down the road. You want it?”
Dean looked at the doorway, and shrugged tightly, “Yeah. Sure. I’m jealous I’m not hooking up with strangers anymore and throwing my back out. I mean, damn, how is he doing it? Is he doing yoga or something now?”
There was a patter and spark of instruments Cas couldn’t focus on or place in the moment.
Cas stood up without argument, the dignity slightly ruined by the fact that he had to duck to keep from knocking his head against the roof, and the straw clinging to his slacks, “I’ll be at Bobby’s. I’ll tell him and Sam that you’re okay.”
“Sure.”
when I was supposed to be studying... But I want him around! Why doesn’t he understand that? Am I doing something wrong, to make him think I don’t want him around?”
Charlie’s face flashed in sudden horror as she understood and she put her forehead in her hand, “Oh fuck. I’m the worst.”
“Dean.”
He considered the damage, and leaned towards the easy side of exaggerating, “Yes.”
Dean sat up with his heart racing, “What are you talking about?”
“I’m fine. This is just a lot. I don’t know why I’m crying,” he laughed, and breathed in and out, “I– Thanks. Thank you. I’m fine.”
“But someone also died in their car outside a diner at 4 in the afternoon. I don’t think they were getting freaky in the parking lot of Barabra Ann’s Barbeque.”
They had sat apart in the room. But even that felt sweet and heavy with tenderness, understanding, that had been missing before. Dean met his eyes, for long pauses where Cas could count the time by the amount of breaths Dean took in, out.
“This the friend-friend?”
this is based on the supernatural that lives in MY head because the last time i watched this show was in high school and they kicked the devil in a pit (which did rule). everything else is stuff i've vaguely absorbed from everyone else posting about it. in true supernatural writing fashion, whoever i want to still be alive is alive and everyone has whatever characterization i want, and i'm ignoring all the horrific characterization in canon i don't like. when is this set? well cas is human and the bunker is there. maybe it's an alternate timeline. i mostly just thought it'd be nice to see the gay angel get a chance to be gay and all the little steps in something like that. everything's made up and the points don't matter.
Jack turned his eyes from Dean to Cas, his curiosity settling into a peaceful gaze, like a spring pond looking with trust into the ocean,
“No, I want you to gather up the South Dakota gang if you can and show up here for a little party. Me and Eileen want to do something.”
“You uh. You need to eat and sleep now?”
He pressed his head against the tile, thinking about Cas’s eyes from across the room. He’d looked half sedated. Almost sweet, if he hadn’t been so serious. The eerie way he’d looked at Dean as if– what? It was a challenge?
“I don’t want to tell you over the phone.”
She seemed endeared to the idea that he was some old man who didn’t know how to look up music on the internet or use the radio in his car, “I don’t see the harm. We’re not busy right now. What can I get for you?”
“... You actually calling me for the first time in your life to say hi or are you still waiting to tell me you’re in trouble? You know I don’t like anticipation.”
“Uh,” Cas wished he’d eaten something before he’d left, “Both, if you can.”
“No. It’s fine, I–“ and then Jack’s face crumpled, and Cas walked into the room and sat on the edge of the bed, and held him while he cried, and murmured the paternal assurances that came so naturally.
“Cas. Man, come on. I don’t know how to heal an angel. If I wrap this up will it do anything?” He had already started fumbling with the bedsheet and the knife to cut it into bandages, dropping the knife with fumbling fingers and growling in frustration.
“Of course,” Jack sounded suddenly concerned, “I like talking to you. I miss you.”
Dean raised his eyebrows, “What, just because we had our little sleepover talk?”
“But if I go back and see you, and Sam, and Dean,” he immediately felt himself losing his grip again, and he held his palm to his forehead, “I’ll be returning to
“I’m not laughing at you. I’m just happy to hear you.”
“It’s probably good to have a balance,” and then Dean betrayed both of them by asking before he could stop himself, and gestured to Cas’s body, “Do you get lonely? When you’re like this?”
He went to the post office to mail them, where a different old woman demanded to be brought to the front, based on some kind of assumption that she had been a patron of the establishment longer than the rest of the line; which was Cas, two college-age students, and an old man who had been a little confused about the large package he needed to ship. Cas looked at the students, and then the woman behind the counter, who shook her head.
“Reckless asshole.”
“Fine,” she exhaled bluntly, the crying paused for now despite the sound of her sniffing loudly, “Call me when you’re in town.”
Maggie had stared at them like they were ghosts sent to haunt her. At the end of the day, it came down to: Trill weren’t allowed to reassociate with close family or loved ones from previous lives. Bobby had tracked her down and she had been willing to share some information about the shapeshifter who’d killed her all those years ago disguised as a Starfleet commander. She even had some useful information about the two worms Michael and Lucifer. Changelings, Qs, Trill, Bajoran prophets and pai-wraiths–– somehow the more they dug the more people were connected to the whole thing. She had been hoping to avoid seeing either of Mary’s sons. Maggie had hugged Dean and Sam goodbye; it had felt awkward and uncertain. She remembered being their mother, but she was not actually their mother. And even if she was, she was choosing never to see them again. Maggie Campbell left the planet by hitchhiking on a transport heading to Beta Antares IV.
“WHAT?”
“How did it feel?”
“That was
“What?”
Dean murmured, “Yeah.”
“Oh man, Sammy. Didn’t school teach you that stereotyping is bad?”
Dean felt like he was walking into a cold, dark lake he did not understand the depth of, and still kept walking, “Does it hurt?”
Cas fell over him. Lips on his, hand desperate on his neck, his cheek, his shoulder, his chest, his jaw. Holding him in place and yet frantic. A break in touch, and the sound of fabric as Cas pulled the dress over his head and it landed on the floor, and then the slip underneath it followed. He murmured without thinking as Cas undressed him.
The truth was he felt too stressed to even start. His head felt full of air and static shock and not in a blissed out, horny way; he just felt like he was trying to climb past a brick wall. Any small heat left over from the kiss, combined with the night’s weird mix of guilt and adrenaline, had gone straight past arousal to shorting him out completely. It was like trying to force open a lockbox that he was so close to just clicking open. He was stunned when Cas got up from the bed and headed for the door.
, that would sometimes flutter around Cas’s grace like a moth. And in the last decade, Dean had aged in that terrifying pace of humans and Cas no longer knew him so well. He knew him the way humans knew each other, which was tenuously and incompletely, always changing around each other. He wanted to know him. He loved Dean and he did not always trust him. It was unconditional love, and Cas knew that was the hot coal in the mouth, picking-the-knife-up-by-the-blade kind of love. He breathed into the phone and remembered to speak.
Dean, banished to backseat because it was borderline ghoulish to not let someone as tall as Sam take shotgun, reared up and grabbed the shoulder of Sam’s seat, “What do you mean? Where’s he going?”
live with a gay guy now. So what’s up with you?”
“Oh. Cool. Cool.”
“Oh,” he relaxed, and then tensed again, “Oh, I’m sorry. What happened?”
“Did any of that really happen?”
Outside in the parking lot he noticed something off about Baby’s silhouette– there was a lump on top. He ducked below eye-level, and sidled around the side of it, hand on the knife in his belt. When he stepped past the driver’s side door, there was only Cas lying on the hood, who turned to look at him immediately.
He’d dreamed of entire scenarios where Dean’s hand had landed on his shoulder or his cheek, where his eyes had been so close that Cas couldn’t see anything else. Dean would save him, pull him back into life, kiss him, tell him he loved him, they would go home and Sam and Jack would be there, there would be sunlight falling through the windows––
“Are you fucking kidding me?”
A pang of sympathy stopped him at the car, “No. I’m sorry.”
“I know you’ve been going through a lot right now, but,” their conversation was traveling in jumps and pauses, like children crossing a river one stone at a time, “Can I ask? What’s going on with you and Dean?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So do you. At least I don't blast AC/DC when I'm in a bad mood.”
"Is this guy bothering you?"
“No, that’s cool. I’m just talking about sleeping in the same bed though. I just–“ Dean bit his lip, “I just don’t want to wake up and you’re not there.”
“And how’s your whole,” she waved her hand in a rolling motion, “thing going?”
“Fuck me,” Cas relented, picking one instead of the other.
“I still don’t get it. If you’re all so powerful then why do you care about some worms and a prophecy? Why–” He stopped, rather than say,
“Why?”
“I won’t tell you how to feel. But, if you’d let me––” Cas hesitated, “I’d like to stay with you. Until you feel better.”
Sam wanted to stay on the Starship Milton. Dean felt the stream of cruel accusations flow through his head,
“I. I can do this.”
“I didn’t mean– I just meant, you know, stop at yellow lights–”
“Alright.”
“No, not really. Just that kind of Sunday night feeling on a Friday. That’s all.”
“Sex. That’s what you meant by
“So don’t text him now freaking out or he’s gonna come running because he thinks you’re pissed or whatever. Just be like, a normal person.”
There was a sound effect like a tea kettle going off and a jaguar, then police sirens, and the men kept laughing.
Dean had imagined this before, in detail and variations worn into grooves in his mind. Reality differed; there was no moonlit body– the curtains had drawn themselves automatically with a rush of metal rings. There was not even a body he could see, and what he touched and was touched by might as well have been the dark night of the room itself focusing around him. Dean felt among this abyss the smooth expanse of back broken by raised scar tissue where a wound had been. He swore he could feel the heat hidden and safe in the center of Cas’s body as naturally as he could feel the life in his own.
“Okay, okay, I’ll leave, you’ve convinced me, just stop talking about Kahless.”
“Drop it.”
“Fuck, sorry,” he started pressing back into Blossom, completely numb, his head still turned, and muttered sideways and mechanically at her, “Yeah, yeah, how is it–“
“Why, for saving my ass?”
“No, wait. You can have it, but just– Put your hand out. No, like this–“
and a second thought responded by throwing a table and leaping for that thought’s throat. It was repression versus rebellion, both sides distracting each other long enough for Dean to gasp wetly against his palm and think
There was a second where he was sure both of them wondered if Dean would, if he still needed more time, if now was not the right moment, and then Dean said, “I love you.”
“Oh! Well. I guess she could be.”
and then he LEFT.”
“Should I put him back in the crib?”
They ended up breaking into the former sanitarium, now the Hart-Dole-Inouye Federal Center. They fought through swarms of the ghosts of veterans, the ghosts of Seven Day Adventists brandishing graham crackers, of doctors and nurses running after them with belted stretchers and scalpels. There was an inscription on a window in the lobby,
He ripped the rug off the floor and stared at the sigil. Cas couldn’t die. Ms. Crocker had to survive and come back to see what kind of shit happened when you trusted an angel of the lord. Someone still had to pull Dean out of hell one day and then ruin his life.
“Yes. He says he owes you one. I think I do too.”
“I don’t know, in case I forgot something in there.”
“You wanted to?”
There was no reply. The pulse continued thundering. Cas opened his eyes and pulled back to turn around to face him, suddenly alarmed.
“Hard day?”
Sam shrugged, “Maybe. It kind of makes sense, right? His ghost is pissed that modern people are having sex, jerking off, and drinking more than ever. And Barabra Ann’s is famous for their Triple Meat Four Alarm Five Pound Steak-Pork Chop-Sandwich Challenge.”
“Yeah, yeah. You’re still a teen girl who sulks in her bedroom and won’t come down for dinner.”
“Wait,” Cas was already messing with the radio, “I think– Oh, I love this song.”
“Yeah,” wistfully, if still on edge, “Me too.”
Cas put the phone down on the bedside table, knowing he should plug it in before he fell asleep but not feeling like leaning down to find the outlet, “I’ve been in love with you for a long time. So I guess we have.”
“Okay. So I guess phone sex is probably off the table, huh–”
"No. I lied and told him you spent the night still looking for the ghost."
Dean blinked, “No.”
before putting your face and body back together.
“But you want to. I can feel it.”
“Come in.”
He came back to find Cas lying back on the bed, head on Dean’s pillow, running the ring in slow circles between his fingers. Dean dangled a thin chain in the doorway before flopping back down on the bed, causing it to bounce.
“What? Why would I wear a trench coat?”
“Yeah. Why, was it a bad call?”
“And you never mentioned him.”
He texted back,
“No. It’s like…” Cas paused, “How a bird with clipped wings is still a bird.”
Dean sat up, the hand slipping loose completely, and shoved himself into Cas’s space until he was straddling his lap, forcing Cas to look up as he loomed angrily over him, “I freaked out because I saw your death again. I saw your dead body, for like the fifth fucking time. That’s what I was trying to get away from. The other shit before that was kind of hot.”
Cas thought of glancing towards the mirror again. Harold coughed.
That was another one of those phrases that kept popping up.
“What?”
If Sam wasn’t coming right out of the gate just asking whatever it was, that meant bad news. That meant truly beyond-the-pale not-even-little-brothers-have-a-free-pass kind of shrink shit. That meant some big bruise of his that everyone could see but he didn’t want anyone to touch. He kept his eyes closed and let his knuckles brush up against the condensation on the can.
“Is that what you want?”
“Okay,” Dean remained blessedly satisfied for a minute or two before saying, “Why don’t you want me to see you?”
“No. No, I like the, the awkward and earnest accountant thing. I think that’s a Cas thing, not an angel thing. I like
“Who–“
“Sure.”
“Hey. You ready to go again?”
“I do,” and he said it with a rush of dammed pain clear in his voice, “I do.”
“Yeah, you saw right through me, baby. Don’t hang up, okay?”
“I felt that way at first. I’ve been in different vessels, throughout my time. But the first time I was human… Maybe before that, but around then I started to feel like a man. And I think that is who I am.”
“Hey, Cas.”
“You’re different.”
“And you’re afraid that if you see me again, I’ll disappear.”
Cas shrugged, straight-faced and suddenly a little prim, “I could.”
last time?”
“Yeah, because the frostbite is setting in,” he threw the blanket at him.
There was of course the third factor, which knocked politely and made itself known as soon as both their shirts were off and Cas could feel his chest against Dean’s, could run his hands up from Dean’s love handles to his shoulder blades, could feel Dean’s breath hitch against his own mouth (was he ticklish?), could grip him by the hair and the hip, the arm from so long ago, that lovely arm–
conversation. Here’s my niece, the daughter of my twin brother who died or something or whatever. She’s very cool, she likes art, etc.
In the most solemn, gravelly voice, “... Is this really Dean Winchester?”
“Okay.”
“Someone’s gotta hold fort here.”
“Dean. Can’t you talk about something a little more… bland?”
“But you want to. Even if it’s me, and not him.”
“I can tell your whole energy just changed, Cas, what’s up.”
“I know this is hard for you, Dean. I’m sorry. But it wasn’t hard when you thought it was just a dream. I can go my whole life not needing anything back from you, but I can’t watch you do the same.”
A horrible pause, and then, “I’m sorry.”
“You still have some of your powers though, right? Like when you heal me and Sam?”
Thankfully Cas started kissing him, rolling him over onto his back, before Dean could start crying again, or start saying in a rush of words,
“Dean.”
The music stopped. Dean’s catch had turned into a sort of accidental dip, and he pulled Cas back up with one hand on his shoulder blade and the other on his waist, moving up to thumb at his ribs through the dress shirt.
“Together in what way?”
“I don’t know, Cas, but I sure as shit don’t want to be. Please. Don’t you have some kind of way to pull me out of time?”
“Oh.”
His voice was a croaking, trudging thing, its steps catching in potholes and tripping over notes.
Cas was looking blearily up at the ceiling of the Impala, “I don’t usually have money.”
He turned back to Cas and kissed the non-cave-creature, non-moldy part of his arm before going back to cleaning, “But yeah, let's have sex.”
“Dean! Dean, you don’t even know how to dance!”
there was another thought telling that first thought to fuck off and mind its own business. One thought was
Cas was feeling less patient, “Okay.”
“You don’t have to hold him all night.”
“I know,” and he was pleased in some small but significant way to find he meant it, in a way he couldn’t have two and a half months ago.
And he left.
Sam left. Cas stared down at Dean in adoration. Dean looked up at him, his eyes widened, and then he looked back down.
But the possibility he was lying scared Cas to death.
“I don’t like this, Dean. I don’t want to go to that graveyard just to find out it’s something worse we’re dealing with.”
“But if he
“That’s not how it feels on the inside of this problem, Sam.”
“You know, this ideal of a cottage in the countryside is based on disturbing concepts. Manifest destiny of colonialists, romanticization of hard rural labor, ignorance of the environmental costs of modern agriculture and low-density living–“
The idea of Cas alone made Dean want to curl up on himself, “Why are you telling me this?”
Cas just shook his head though, “No. Well, maybe for tax reasons, but we’re both technically legally dead anyways so I don’t think that matters,” he turned, eyes apologetic and huge, “I love you, of course. But I just don’t think marriage would mean anything more to me than what we already have.”
“If I’m bothering you, I can leave. I just thought you were radiating a bit of hurt and maybe wanted some company.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean almost drove the car into the field. The case was over. The dream was over. It was a fluke and a spell and it wasn’t real. Sam laughed.
“You gotta give me a minute, Cas.”
sometimes i feel like human/graceless cas will get into an uncomfortable conversation and then be like 'well fuck this bye' before realizing he can't teleport anymore
“Did he.”
“Oh, good. That actually got you to stop.”
He stared at the key on the step between his boots. He bent down and picked it up, and opened the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas. I know you can’t hear me,” as traditional now as a
“I’ll miss you. But it’s not too far of a drive. And I still want to help out here.”
“Why wouldn’t we be?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey, hey, that's enough. You don't need to be hugging my man that long."
Sam offered a long, drawn out, “Uh,” and then a hopeful; “Yes?”
“How do you know me? Why did you call me?”
The man on the radio buzzed, “And this next song was requested by Dean for, let me see the notes here, ‘his huckleberry, Cas.’ That’s spelled with one S, folks. What is that short for? Cassandra? Cas, if you’re out there listening, Dean says he’s sorry and knows you don’t want to come home just yet, but when you do he’s gonna make it worth your while. He doesn’t even mind you stole the car.”
“Old briar, more like it.”
“I’m taking a little nip up in Miami. The gators, swamps, and humidity make it feel just like home. Enjoying topside?”
Dean tried to look at the fields instead, the scattered trees and a copse in the distance around someone's house. There was a huge moon out, rising orange and startling over the horizon, but he kept looking at Cas’s arm.
“The car–”
To Dean’s surprise, the doctor nodded and walked out. Now that they had some privacy, Cas went back to staring at anything but Dean.
wrong. Jack beamed and nodded, satisfied for the moment, until Dean said cheerfully, “What about Elon Musk?” and the whole debate unfolded twice over.
“You got a deck of cards, Cas?”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tV0P9EXU6E
“Not likely,” but Cas still looked longingly at the parting rainclouds as if they might pull open and hand him one.
“Dean.”
“Yes.”
“Because now you’re alive and he’s been floating around like he’s got wings on his back. And maybe you’re a lowlife who likes to drag someone around like that. But what I’m betting is, maybe you just don’t realize that he isn’t like that when you’re not around.”
“You remind me of Sam. He’s been trying to talk to the other hunters about the same thing. Have you been texting him about it?”
Cas pulled his head back, “He told you about that?”
Cas sat in the other armchair. Dean sat on the couch so they could face each other. They could not stop staring at each other across the four feet of distance.
she smiled to herself,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, dude. Cas can be kind of–” Sam bobbed his head back and forth a little, “But he can take care of himself. And if he can’t, he can contact us. Nothing weird has been happening in this town though, we already checked. And the whole point of tonight is that we gotta let him do stuff without us constantly being his reference on humanity.”
i'm turning into someone who loves writing petty arguments after reveals of devastating information in public
Amusing enough to help you escape and find the old Impala 67, where you'd convince your brother that it really was you because how else could you know what you knew? How else would you know John’s middle name, or about the time the two of them had stolen Bobby’s bat’leth while he was napping on the couch and Sam had accidentally cut Dean in the stomach and Dean had laughed and bled and told Sam it wasn’t even that bad to try and get him to stop crying and apologizing? How could even the best Tal Shiar agent know what it felt like to be told that it was destiny to fight your little brother for the looming opera-box entertainment of gods and demons? How could anyone but Dean know what it was like when John was gone and it was just him and Sam watching old holotapes on the bridge to pretend that there was nothing wrong?
