I managed to reach the stables unharmed and without being seen, I thought I had already reached freedom.
"I also know that if your last escape attempt failed miserably, you still have in mind the idea of running away. How do I know?! You can read it in your eyes. "
"No, No... John. Is that even if I did, nothing would change what I feel for you. My love for you is immense, can you forgive me? "He was holding me by the elbow and I looked at him carefully before answering.
I leaned my head against the wheel and closed my eyes. I tried to rest a while, maybe I could recover my strength. But my stomach definitely started to grumble.
"Nothing really has," Sherlock said, flippantly tossing out hard truths as if merely mentioning the sky was blue.
"Oh! I've been informed that usually a token of betrothal is given to the bride to be," Sherlock said getting fluidly to his feet. John recoiled as if startled and bolted to standing himself.
"Please, God. Yes," he heard himself say automatically. He was going to stop but John was already kissing him, infuriatingly slowly. There had been Maraschino cherries in at least a few of his drinks. Sherlock's deductions paused hard when John sucked on his tongue and drew his hands down his chest, making sure to flick his nipples through his shirt. He whined uncontrollably at the gesture, nearly weeping as John allowed him to grind up against his crotch. Even through the layers, he could smell the arousal and wished his hands free so he could touch back. John experimented on his neck with his mouth, effectively proving it was a good thing his hands weren't free. He might have made everything stop with how fast he would have tried to take control and anything that would lead to him stopping was unacceptable. John found a spot on his throat and he cried out. He hadn't remembered how sensitive his nipples were and, when pinching them combined with what was being done with his neck and pelvis, it was a matter of moments before he was bucking, swearing, and calling out his name, babbling through kisses about how much he'd wanted this and so much more.
"Excuse me?" John only laughed, forcing Sherlock to drop his affected offense and continue his seemingly random thoughts. John had to admit that the idea Sherlock could even be jealous in this way made him feel all warm inside. He had only to keep him from carrying out some things because of this newfound facet of jealousy. "You know Mrs. Hudson will be thrilled about all of this."
, were all incredibly tedious, and best left to others who seemed to have a higher regard for those sorts of things. For some reason, however, it amused him to teach his upper-level dwelling flatmate things. It was pretty odd, probably residual sentiment from back when he was dead and missed the stupidest things, like Lestrade having the least amount of incompetence, Mrs. Hudson's nattering, John's... He never let himself finish that thought since his return. It was pointless. He only needed to watch the stupid videos or pictures John would send to his phone just to annoy him. Once the former Army doctor got past the whole... punching him every time he showed up... thing. Sherlock had to start saving the photos on his laptop in order to free up space for important things like crime scenes and... well... that was it.
) despite the warning look in them. "I have to finish the egg whites part so I can get these in the oven before they go flat or Mrs. Hudson will have my head." Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and John all chuckled but it didn't mean that John wasn't dead serious. Sherlock's grumbling was only in part so as not to arouse suspicion. Observing John was truly interesting and he was quickly sucked into the distraction. He watched John's expression as he patiently folded in the whipped egg whites and concentrated on pouring out the required amount going by a little mark made deliberately in the flour of the cake tins and crust of the pie ones. Sherlock looked his fill of his arse bent over to pop all four in the lower oven together(they'd gotten Mrs. Hudson a fancy new one last Christmas, the better to feed them up). John then straightened and turned to him, peeling off his asinine reindeer puppet oven mitts with an, "I'm all yours."
"Yes," he answered without hesitation, despite the vague description of feelings. "Mostly how I felt except for needing to be there for Willa. That was a bit of peace at least." He fully grasped Sherlock's hand then. "I wish you could have seen her as a newborn. Photos just don't do her any justice. She was this perfect, tiny thing..."
At first he had a hard time speaking. John had on a deep green apron across which frolicked several reindeer with fairy lights decorating their antlers. One of them had a bright red nose. It was insipid. What was not nearly as preposterous was, the rather sinewy forearms extending from the rolled sleeves of his blue gingham button up, though Sherlock's physical reaction to that little bit of skin and the fact that he'd shed his jumper probably was. Especially since it was so warm in the close quarters of Mrs. Hudson's kitchen, that he'd undone his top two buttons in the same way Sherlock wore his shirts, only the crew neck of the white vest he had layered underneath poked out where Sherlock only had skin. It reminded him of the ice lolly near disaster so much that he had to swallow hard and console himself with the fact that John was also wearing a pair of warm yet ridiculous looking black socks that had rubbery bits on the soles for traction. John clutched a bowl and was mixing it with fervor using a long-handled wooden spoon, bits of whatever was going on smeared on his apron.
"Sometimes the information is compromised," he admitted, frowning. John propped himself up on his elbows then reached a hand up to smooth his thumb over the creases in between Sherlock's eyes. The action earned him first a puzzled, then an insanely affectionate look.
"Sherlock!" John noted that Sherlock had said it in the same strange manner in which he called him beautiful earlier. It wasn't that it made him uncomfortable exactly, just... uncertain. And, no matter how often he didn't understand Sherlock, he was always sure about the fact that the man knew where he wanted to be, what he wanted to convey. It just didn't often coincide with social norms and that was okay. John didn't much care for the ambiguity of some of his thoughts since this began. Even though they weren't exactly unfamiliar...
"Guess he didn't really think it urgent," John stated, only half joking and handing him a steaming cup of tea.
"Frankly I'm surprised you let me bathe alone," John teased because of Sherlock's recent (welcome) propensity to keep in constant physical contact. He just stared. "Thank you for the dressing gown and... well everything."
"Is it?" John wasn't getting any less irritated. "It's absurd to want some human contact that means something?"
The questions were exactly what Sherlock had anticipated. He suggested that his being overly clingy would poke too many holes in the ruse and so held back on much of the former PDA. He just kept his free left hand on John's thigh as John kept his right one on Sherlock's. But that was under the table, though it must have given everyone an air of their very togetherness. John fielded most of the emotional questions, Sherlock more sociable than ever, but still rather quiet in comparison to how other conversations with him went. He spoke up mostly to steer the rabid questioners away from the more painful bits surrounding of John's time in the military, his injury, how he felt after Sherlock... went away for several years, etc.
"Wasn't it?" He had him there. John wasn't at all sure of anything, except for how much he cared for Sherlock.
"Hm." It was interesting if nothing else, Sherlock's rather clinical description doing nothing to stop John's overwhelming(read: drunk)curiosity. When all was said and done, though they seemed fine, they were both still quite intoxicated. It was the reason they were where they were in the first place. Besides, John was a medical man. It was perfectly normal to have an above average inquisitiveness regarding bodily functions. Those were his explanations to himself for saying the words, "That'd be interesting to see." He tried to work out whether or not he was taking advantage. No, it wasn't an average request, but then, Sherlock was full of socially atypical queries. It was nice to have one for himself, for a change. However, would Sherlock, with his vast ignorance of human behaviour, actually
"That, and queuing," Sherlock sighed, breath warm and humid against the back of John's neck. It took the blogger the full space of five minutes and a trip down to the loo after a promise to return was extracted from him, to realise what was happening. The weight of it feeling routine without actually ever being so caused him to need a bit of space to think it through a bit with a mind that was now fully awake. He made his way to the sofa, vaguely regretting not wearing his dressing gown in the chill of early morning, but couldn't yet face the situation in his room again.
John clutched at him with all his might, crying harder when he orgasmed, yanking him over the edge into his own, where the world went white in a combination of catharsis and lightning. However, his body kept moving of its own accord. There were no more words, and very few tears now, just the music of the electrical storm and their damp bodies, mouths on skin, grunts and groans and gasps. There was no telling how long it was, but when they orgasmed a second time, Sherlock was on top. It seemed to be the maximum of their endurance and he rolled to the side, refusing to release or even pull out of John by his own doing. John only adjusted to lay in his arms, on his shoulder, for easier access to his mouth. He dragged the fingers of his occupied right arm over John's temple and cheek, giving and accepting lazy kisses.
Now it was as if he were a young teen-ager, still growing into his own skin, unsure of every word or gesture. It was exhausting, because John behaved gingerly around him, but, when he moved the television in better view of the sofa, he served them the drink before just tucking himself up under Sherlock's left arm and employing the remote. Sherlock didn't even think about it when he lightly caressed John's fringe with his fingertips and planted random kisses in his hair. The first couple of times it happened, John stiffened almost imperceptibly, but almost immediately relaxed again. He was fed bits of fruit and crisps and was nearly distracted completely when John decided to work on a lolli. At the end of the episode, which he actually didn't figure out until halfway through instead of in the first ten minutes(granted...
Willa sat almost primly on the bed, in her little coat, lightly swinging her little feet. John asked her if she was ready after informing her that they had to wait a little while longer to go meet her grandparents. She nodded hard, black coils bouncing, smiling widely. A knock sounded and the door opened.
about Sherlock being gone. The look he received in return told him Sherlock had come to the same conclusion, and that it was very much a good thing.
"All the more reason to take me," Sherlock stated nonchalantly. John must have had some sort of strange expression on his face, because with a glance, Sherlock sighed. "They're not interested in me, per se. They're interested in me in the context of you. Further demonstration of the dangers of letting others define you. They have no idea who I really am, only the idealized version of me you show them. Together, they not only see that you have locked down the mysterious Sherlock Holmes, but that I've managed to nab one of London's most eligible bachelors. We would be the strongest couple there. It would show up some of your less positively inclined acquaintances."
"What did you call what I just did?" The git actually seemed a bit embarrassed at his behaviour. "I didn't give in because I couldn't resist, Sherlock, I gave in because you seemed to have actually gotten the point. If I thought you didn't understand, I wouldn't have finished you off and you would have just had to remain frustrated. I'm a lot more patient than you are stubborn, you know."
"Oh! That's gorgeous!," the about to be new mother swooned a bit. "I hope I'm invited to the wedding."
Proven when his phone rang. He must have done it immediately instead of waiting until a reasonable time(read: Sherlock was too busy to answer). Arsehole.
"No, Sherlock, absolutely not." He brought his book back up in front of his eyes but Sherlock could see he wasn't reading the words. Then, "Are you... actually serious?"
So when she decided out of the blue that John would be hers for as long as would amuse her, it was a huge surprise to find out she was a virgin, and extremely spiritual, if not religious. She wasn't saving herself for marriage or anything, just someone worthy. Apparently John was that worthy one and they spent the remaining months through graduation in what could only be described as a torrid affair. They wouldn't always have sex, but when they did, she would always make it memorable in some way. They wouldn't just do things together, they would
"We should marry," he said, from his reclined thinking position on the sofa. John sat in his chair reading some inane novel about dragons and desert horse people and Winter coming. That know-nothing bastard was clearly the son of that dead oaf king and the sister of the man who raised him. He may have skimmed it earlier. John, however, didn't even look up when he replied.
"You should. Even my little brother has only ever managed six months. You've been off the grid for over eighteen." John bit back a chuckle. Sherlock was never found unless he allowed it, probably needing Mycroft's resources. The mere mention of him, however, weighed heavily in John's chest. It had actually been some time since he'd heard the name mentioned aloud by anyone in the same room but him, avoiding the news as much as he was able. Flashes of luxuriously curled black hair and pale ever-changing eyes ran rapidly through his mind before they were captured and stuffed back into their room of John's own rendition of a Mind Palace, locked securely away once more. It was actually more of a military facility with spartan barracks and many high clearance areas.
the man. It was the longest they'd ever gone since the start of this thing and he wasn't convinced Sherlock wasn't cheating, sneaking in whilst he slept in his own room, per the parameters of their 'break'. John had always been a vivid dreamer, but this was even over the top for him. During these 'dreams' his arms were immobilized, yet he strangely never felt threatened. It was almost as if he was swaddled by his blankets as opposed to bound, comfortable and safe. Then the kissing would begin, too long to be a series of chaste pecks, too short to be a proper snog. He would always wake up gasping, his erection tenting the covers, and the distinct feeling of someone else having been there. He knew Sherlock's smell by then and, now that he was constantly closer to him than ever before, it tended to linger. However, he didn't smell it in his room unless it was deliberate. They didn't sleep up there and the only other time the fragrance would be so very present was if John 'snuck' an article of the consulting detective's clothing to aid his fantasies during his alone time.
"Shawn," John tried out the pronunciation of the Gaelic spelling. "That's lovely," he commented in his most soothing tone. Sherlock's smile turned a bit odd at that bit of information, but like the rest of it he hadn't time to work it out just then. He had to explain in the least alarming way possible that little Sian was coming feet first, if he could get to her left leg to essentially thread it through the vaginal opening to join the right one. The hard-labouring woman of course began to sob about how this was her only girl and her last chance. As John hushed her, in search of proper words, Sherlock suddenly spoke up.
"Mummy and Father and I'll hear nothing else unless you're introducing us to someone," she commanded. Definitely passed that to her boys as well. "Same goes for you, Greg Lestrade," she called over John's right shoulder. "You are family and we Holmes' look after our own. Now come and embrace me you lovely, brilliant man." He looked over at Sherlock, speechless with the grand acceptance. A tiny nod and even smaller smile encouraged him to do as she said, even if he hadn't been planning on following her every word to the letter. He heartily shook Father's hand and, with a kiss for Mummy and a handshake for her husband from Lestrade, they were ushered inside.
"Have you ever ridden in a helicopter, Willa?" Her large eyes got impossibly bigger, shining with anticipatory glee. John secured her coat, a mini-version of her Papa's she demanded he have made as soon as she was old enough to form the words. John had to learn how to sew. Then he shrugged on his own overcoat, the comfortable Haversack that had always served him well, and sighed deeply, organizing his thoughts into how he meant to react to keep Willa feeling comfortable after depositing her into the chair Mycroft had vacated.
"You've joined a gym," he said without opening his eyes, sitting up, or moving his hands, palms pressed flat together and poised just below his chin.
"Two. Very healthy and very strong. Of course it's much too early to tell the sex, but-" Somehow John was on his feet, off of them briefly, then back on them again, all the while being thoroughly held. He hugged back with all his might, giving Sherlock the same lifting experience. They kissed with just as much zeal as the embrace contained.
"You always have that particular little frown when you're irritated with me. I'm glad I'm now allowed to find it adorable, but nonetheless, I dislike seeing it. So, what social faux-pas have I committed? If you won't tell me, you must rid yourself of that expression immediately." John had walked very slowly around to the foot of the bed, casting his eyes about the room.
Jon's mouth snapped shut demonstratively before saying it aloud anyway. "Well, never mind then." Sherlock sat up, then, making a smacking noise with his mouth before donning a disgusted expression. "Take some more water from the taps, if you can," John advised, shutting his eyes and leaning his head back again. Nice wall. Stabilizing wall. Sherlock wobbled and swayed over to the little steel sink in their cell. He took a moment figuring out the cold water tap then took in several scooped handfuls. John cracked one eye to watch, almost surprised Sherlock didn't lap it up with a great, bristly tongue.
"Penetrative bit?" John's relief was his relief, though the former still turned a lovely shade of pink all the way down into the neck of his vest. "I wasn't planning on that just now anyway, though I was thinking that I would receive at first so that you could transition more easily. I have a few detailed charts on preparation you may find useful-" And he was being kissed within an inch of his life again.
"Well, yeah." John was actually blushing. He found it adorable. Sherlock found that fact disturbing, but no more so than any other time he found him endearing. "How... would you kiss me if, you know, you were free to just express what you're feeling? Because I know the feeling part isn't actually the hard part. For you, it's the having to work so hard to cover it up that-"
"Leave the tea and go!" he blurted, looking away in an attempt to salvage his sanity. John looked as if he was about to, laying the little round tray down on his bedside table, with the addition of a lunch meat sandwich anyway, but he doubled back again and sat next to him. Sherlock was nearly vibrating with the effort of controlling himself.
ridiculous. But seriously, it was enough to be platonic. I didn't think you'd ever return more than platonic feelings for me." Ah! The confession of previous feelings, despite- oh! He was talking again. Best to pay attention. "But to stand before our loved ones and the universe and pledge ourselves to each other... that's a really big deal for me; bigger than some really good kissing. I mean, we're not past the point of no return yet and I'm afraid that if-" John sighed forlornly and it was heart-wrenching, but not as agonisingly harrowing as when he used skilled doctor's fingers to brush a raven curl off of Sherlock's brow. "Look, this is more than I ever thought would happen, and it's enough. Okay?"
"I..." Sherlock closed his mouth and breathed out through his nose, a bit frustrated at his poor emotional navigation.
"Yes! Fine! Tea would be lovely!" Anything to get him gone for five minutes. John's footsteps were light, as if he was just happy to be of service. Which he usually was. The service Sherlock required, however, John wouldn't be willing to provide as it was inherently homosexual and John repeatedly shouted his hetero status, sometimes literally. Sherlock had just gotten his mind to at least stop thinking about him by reciting the digits of Pi, but John knocked and entered, shattering everything else. It was worse than he thought.
After he finally hung up and could be kissed properly, John began breaking into giggles moments later.
"What? Why?" John rolled onto his back, a muscular leg, brushed with golden hairs draping over Sherlock's and giving a great cat-like stretch that would have set him right off again if it hadn't been so soon after two in a row.
They ran their hands all over each other's bodies, smearing the beads of sweat that had continuously to cropped up as they concentrated on their joining. Sherlock began with the muscle exercises, not moving his hips at all until they were both grunting because John had suddenly remembered anatomy and used those slim hips to tilt him to just the right angle. He then began thrusting upwards, using a few undulations of his own to keep close contact with Sherlock's prostate, guarantee the continuance of the amusing mewling sounds the man known for his deep voice was making. John would speed then slow, see what other noises he could pull from him. They were many and varied, his favourite probably his name repeated over and over in the most broken of voices when Sherlock was close to his orgasm. A few strokes yanked him over the edge before John took his pleasure a second time, the fading, most encouraging words from Sherlock begging him to look at him this time, look into his eyes as he came inside him. John could barely get his eyes to stay open, let alone focus when it washed over him, and all Sherlock did was shower him with praise for how he looked, coming because of him.
"Probably because Mycroft here didn't tell him we'd be coming," Greg answered angrily. "This is a situation for which you'd need to prepare emotionally, Mycroft. My God, you really are off. Then again, look who I'm dealing with. It's... really good to see you, John. We were worried sick and when we found out about the baby... Sherlock, I won't be the first to hug your boyfriend after all this." That snapped him out of it a bit.
Having obviously passed from fantasy to reality, they had the time he needed now, and Sherlock seemed prepared to at least attempt to be patient. As he lay there on the floor contemplating how much Sherlock always jumbled everything up, the subject of his racing thoughts drained the tub a bit and refilled it with more hot. There was a knock at the door and John was immediately on his feet. The newly-formed couple then donned the thick complimentary dressing gowns and went to go see who it was. Sherlock pressed John's pistol into his shooting hand, which he kept behind his back and opened the door with his left. A hotel worker barely out of boyhood requested entry behind a trolley similar to the one they'd used for breakfast. With a pleasant greeting, John stepped aside for him to enter, keeping his back away, Sherlock at his left shoulder now.
"So?" It was John's turn to narrow his eyes in minor frustration with the person to whom he was speaking not understanding him. Turns out, he didn't actually understand. "You don't have to be gay or straight anymore. There are a plethora of sexualities that exist between zero and six on the Kinsey Scale. Besides, you know who you are, John Watson, despite the fact that you often let others' definition of you get in the way."
"You left so quickly this morning that you neither had breakfast nor packed a lunch. That deli you like isn't open on Saturdays for religious purposes and I hadn't time to have something delivered to you as, just after you left, everything with Mycroft's thing went completely mad and I had to leave immediately whilst focusing on that and wasn't allowed to use my phone or the phone I was given to use to contact anyone not involved. I knew you'd be home early anyways and that you'd opt to just wait until you got in to have something. So I did a curry."
"Johnlock," he stated clearly but quietly, infusing a bit of his former captain's rank as he'd done at Baskerville ages ago. It didn't help Sherlock's inconvenient yearnings in the least.
"Whatever happens, don't you dare stop," Sherlock commanded in a moan. His tone had John wishing with all his might that he had unlimited stamina, because the only thing he could think of was-
He stretched as he smiled, waking up enough to notice the wet wipes, water, and breath drops on his bedside table. Yet another demonstration of Sherlock's sweetness, however feigned, served him well in getting him motivated enough to try for the bathroom. But for a bit of a heavy feeling in his limbs, there was no hangover for him to speak of, despite over-doing it. He returned to the gorgeous scene of Sherlock in just his underwear, uncovering things on a massive trolley that reminded him of the energy spent in pleasuring each other the night before.
He'd assessed the vehicle when they'd first acquired it, was pretty sure of its strengths and weaknesses. So Sherlock wasn't going anywhere without a feat of strength that would most likely break bone. Even
Sherlock blinked at him for what seemed like ages, though John was content to let him. He thought so, anyway, finally he had to prompt him.
?" John sat down hard on the sofa, staring at the dance of the warming fire. Of course Sherlock had hurt him, left him alone so long that it was now impossible to be able to get back to him, back to the way things were. He'd forgiven him long ago, knowing that, no matter what, Sherlock did what he did for good reason. The consulting detective was much more
"Come here," He stood up, then maneuvered John into the seat. He then folded his lanky frame onto its knees and rested his chin on John's right knee, staring up at him in the most distractingly innocent fashion. The head-petting seemed to help him gather his thoughts. He closed his eyes and pushed on as if he was a child valiantly taking foul-tasting medicine. "I spoke with Lestrade about it briefly, and he helped me reach the conclusion that the only way I'll be able to let you out of my sight now is if you agree to marry me."
Just like that, control of it was taken from him. He and Mycroft watched from the door as the chopper landed neatly several yards away, whipping even his neatly clipped hair around. Then, gracefully but with all eagerness as the craft hadn't even set down fully yet, a long, lithe figure disembarked, walking quickly toward us. John couldn't move, couldn't breathe, could only clench and unclench his fists as the man came closer, seemingly not exclusively on his own power. A smaller, broader body hurried behind at nearly a run, silver where the former was black, stocky where the the first stretched for miles, and, John knew, though he couldn't immediately see, a bit olive skinned where the other was fair.
who this is. We all do. Everyone follows your blog. It's almost like we know you, Sherlock Holmes. Where did you attend secondary?"
to before now, and he wasn't sure Sherlock would be able to get him there this first time. He didn't want Sherlock to feel inadequate. Even now, in his uncertainty, he was concerned for Sherlock's feelings. What an idiot. What a beautiful, clever, idiot.
basement of influence, if that was possible, yet he still didn't think he could do it. "Wait no. No no no nyooo wait! This is just.... It's... We're too..." His sentences kept getting cut off by a suck on the neck here and a brush of the nipple there. It was frustratingly erotic, the way Sherlock seemed to be extending everything. But it at least gave John time to attempt to sort things out in his head a bit.
"Look, I don't know what you're doing, Sherlock," he said finally, dropping his arms as a symbol of doing so with his guard. "I have no idea what your end game is. But then, I'm not to know the nature of the experiment. Look," John actually lay both hands on Sherlock's arms that he'd crossed in a mirroring fashion, "The experimentation is supposed to take place within the confines of the established relationship. The relationship itself isn't supposed to be the experiment. Not at this point." Sherlock's arms itched to go around him but he held them fast to his chest. "For instance, you're not one to say, 'hey let's go have sex to see if there's anything there'." He couldn't help a tiny smirk, at which John narrowed his eyes.
"Calm yourself, young lady!" In the instant silence, she adjusted herself in Uncle Greg's arms as if sitting on a throne. If she'd had flowing skirts, she would have been haughtily arranging them. She calmly addressed the rabble. "No arguments," she commanded, waving a chubby, authoritative index finger. "We have to make the best of the situation. Even ones we don't like."
"If you just let me-" It was worse that John was speaking to him gently rather than shouting, as if talking to a child. In truth, that's what he felt like. He'd been helpless around him before, but, even on that Summer day, it wasn't as utterly desperate as it was now. John wouldn't even look at him anymore, pretending to find the wall, the floor, anything more interesting.
That was the last straw as he, as organically as possible, took John's hand and lead him back in the direction of their booth, John taking lead once more as soon as he realized where they were going. Sherlock had him order two more drinks and two shots for them, the message delivered through Trevor who still sat there, a biological woman on either side of him, watching. John tipped the server another twenty for good measure and once more assumed his relaxed posture, Sherlock allowing himself to snuggle in a bit more now.
"Logical sentiment? I tell you, John, I don't usually go for psychology that hasn't much to do with psychopaths-"
He whispered into John's ear again and, seamlessly, John informed their host that his Billy was bored and wanted to dance. He stood first, helping Sherlock out of his seat with a gentle hand and a promise that, by the end of the night, Jones' case would be closed. They would bill him later. John then allowed Sherlock to lead them to an optimum spot before giving over control again. It was a heady feeling, complete trust. He experienced it in fits and bursts and it was slowly becoming a problem. But, if Sherlock was on a diet, tonight would be his "cheat day" because he would drown himself in the confection that was letting John take over.
"Mm." Sherlock agreed, briefly raising his eyebrows at his mobile screen before pushing his arm around John's shoulders and snapping a photo of them with their temples resting on each other, John unable to help smiling. Especially when the second one was with Sherlock's lips pressed to where his head had been the moment before, in the natural full sunlight streaming through the picture window. They made a rather handsome couple, if he did say so himself. And he did. Sherlock only smirked and got back to the business of making their relationship look as real as possible to the masses. John attempted to enjoy the interaction without getting pulled into the artifice himself. It was becoming increasingly difficult as time went on. As Sherlock switched to his laptop, John's own phone, which he hadn't remembered plugging in to charge, vibrated. He looked at it.
. Sherlock Wanted to muss the carefully combed hair. He Wanted to drag the neatly clipped fingernails of both hands back and fourth through the overgrown scruff. He Wanted to compare the textures of the hair on his head, face, chest, and...
"What exactly have you been telling her?" Mycroft asked incredulously as John began helping her change.
"Is that right?" John raised his head to look down at him. Sherlock examined the bed sheets, fingering the material as if personally counting the threads.
"Because," John replied, making sure his hair was properly laying down, "you had no idea whether or not I was going to give it to you."
"Shut my eyes and thought of England." Sherlock scoffed at that and removed his arm from around John so he could cross them with proper petulance. "Come on, love. Don't be like that." The affection in his voice (Sherlock outright
Sherlock was a terror at the disco, though fortunately, a private one. He had to be bribed with a human body part to take the requisite photo and refused to dance or let John dance with anyone else. He still accepted John's tender touches and kisses, but didn't really return them. He only let John out of his sight to bring them more drinks and nibbles, or the one time he needed the loo. John drew the line at going in with him, at which Sherlock scoffed and poked his lip out further before going in alone. As he waited, John perused the memorabilia mural, which was a collage of dozens of photos, including copies of original prom photos, patches, and on the tables in front of it various trophies and knick-knacks from their era.
A flustered, blushing, stammering, and aroused Sherlock Holmes was just about all John could stand and he began undoing the rest of the buttons on the other man's shirt. For some reason, it was imperative their skin was touching as soon as possible. They did have the room for another several hours if they wanted it and it would be grand having a little more time in that lovely bed before having to go.
"Is your objection to the definition general or... personal?" Sherlock looked back at the mirror, nervously tapping long, pale fingers covered in tiny scars and callouses from his various professional and private pursuits.
"Every time." That's what it was. John had heard The Sound when he shouldn't have been able to in a room full of chatting people.
"Feeling better?" he asked in a bright tone that belied his obvious embarrassment. His ears and the nape of his neck were red. Sherlock never wanted that, for John to feel awkward around him. Especially after what had just transpired. It seemed obvious it turned into much more than it was meant to be at the start.
"As do I," he retorted. He couldn't believe he was once again starting to thicken at this talk and John's proximity, his kisses drawing him further out. He decided to start practicing control again if not full celibacy. He'd actually experienced those orgasms, according to the evidence in his pants when he woke. There was no reason to stretch out this emotional torture any longer. Sentiment was exhausting. "For now, however, shall we watch another episode?" John smiled at him as if he'd just cured cancer in a puppy and kissed him long and deeply again before hauling himself to his feet and walking back to the sofa, lovely arse slightly and enticingly jiggling.
"Fine," was all he replied before bolting to his feet and marching into his bedroom, leaning back up against the door after resolutely shutting it.
when stating that he was offended too, just fyi and laughed some more about it. John had no idea how close he'd come to being ravaged, had a history of
enough sleep. Or water. But the taps were all the way over there. And this wall was nice and cool, if a bit damp now.
his body to fall in line. That aspect still scared the hell out of John, the one where Sherlock would run headlong into danger because he simply believed there was no way he wouldn't somehow survive, especially now that he had militaristic medical assistance on-call.
), he needed the loo again. John was thankfully still there, and accepted him back on the sofa easily enough, but hesitated to return to their former position.
"So have all of yours been born with hair?" He made sure to keep his tone unconcerned, though her answer made him doubly so.
"Probably. Though you can't discount that sometimes the useless facts end up being extremely important to a case."
"I will show you. If... you can find it in you to come back to London." John was astonished to think that he would actually just take what he could get from Sherlock, downgrade himself to exclusively platonic status if Sherlock would just admit he wanted him there. Then he leaned his high, pale forehead against John's and things went blissfully blank for a moment. "I am... sorry."
"I didn't mean to startle you," he said softly. John loosened his hold on the girl and her head popped up with a grin.
"Like, 'yes of course I'll marry you'?" John's hands, which had been on his hips as he'd done as much as he could without the hot water, dropped to his sides with an exasperated sigh.
"Again, you are incorrect. Your prowess notwithstanding, it took three days once he was given what he deemed 'the proper resources'. In order to motivate me further, he told Mummy and Father that there was a child, a girl, and her approximate age. The phone call I received as a result was very... loud." He extracted his phone and glanced at it with a sigh. "It seems I'm still not to hear the end of it until she-quote 'has that precious baby in her arms'-end quote." He'd read it off the screen before resting it on the chair arm still gripping it. It was the only indication that he was truly put out. "They have all been extremely insufferable about the whole thing. Sherlock has finally gotten most of his life back together and he should at least meet her."
he could hold him too. Sherlock took full advantage of that seemingly benign aspect. But it wasn't exactly as unimportant as previously thought. Because when John held him back so tightly, so securely, kissed him back when the urgency was removed, Sherlock had never felt this level of euphoria. Not even from the drugs he still craved to this day. He refused to release John. His John. His. And his partner seemed content to remain where he was until they fell into a deep sleep.
John in throes of orgasm was a feast for the senses. The way he arched and moaned, how he undulated sinuously, how tightly he squeezed his eyes shut, then opened them in wide surprise, looking at him with a plethora of meanings all fighting mercilessly to be seen. Sherlock kissed everything he could reach in order to give him a moment's respite, but, at the look on John's face, eyelids at half mast, lips, slightly parted, he couldn't help diving back down for more study, and a repeat tasting and viewing of this phenomenon. He often accomplished the improbable. Rarely did it give him this level of satisfaction.
"Of course it is! The divorce statistics alone..." John finally turned to face him squarely. Sherlock's imperious look faltered a moment, his face softening in the wake of John's unhappy moue and defensive body language. "But our union won't end that way."
"Seeing as how my parents are dead, Mick, I don't see them much having an opinion on the subject." Sherlock plucked the child from John's grasp, and handed her back, but not without a discreet nose to her hair he probably thought John didn't see.
"Girl," she panted, resting and accepting water from a bottle from Jessica as Marceline patted her brow with a clean flannel dipped in chilled champagne bucket water. Sherlock had warned them to keep their silence about what they could also see with a secretive finger to his lips whilst she drank.
"Camera," Sherlock explained, again having to stop to say the words before continuing back to his seat.
"When you were sexually active. What was your... you know... thing?" Sherlock looked almost as shorted out as he did when John asked him to be his best man. "Sorry. I just... you said anything.. and I'd been wondering for a long... sorry."
It turned out, Margie was a rapid deliverer. All of her children had come within minutes of her waters breaking and this one was to be no different. She was already crowning by the time everything was situated and he was extremely surprised to find that what he thought of as the top of a little bald head was something else.
"Found what?" Sherlock was pretty sure John knew already but was willing to draw it out to please him. And also because John was afraid he actually had found a way, which was more clear now.
True to his word, he didn't overdo it, as he did when pretending with others that John had seen. The only indication anything had changed between them now, was the fact that he openly sought John's touch and that of the child they shared. After explaining to Willa what was going on, that they were to be married, they went down to the delicious smells of lunch being served, taking each other's hand and Willa allowing herself to be carried by Papa("It's much higher when Papa carries me").
"Alright, Babe," he greeted the kneeling man with a smile and reached for the back of his neck so he could pull him in for a sweet kiss. It became increasingly sweltering, Sherlock fumbling with his clothing and climbing into the tub that was complete with Jacuzzi jets and could seat at least three people comfortably, if they were of a mind to. John didn't even realize the other man's full on nudity until he instinctively grasped it. It was rigid in his hand, silk on steel, and caused the most wonderful little noises when gently manipulated that blended with his own less dignified ones as he was mutually pleasured.
"It was a kiss. Well, more or less. I thought you'd prefer something that wasn't a pretense or a means to an end and spontaneity keeps things... fresh."
"And a soldier," Sherlock repeated, unwittingly bringing to the forefront, a memory of their first case together just after returning from the dead. At first it wasn't funny. It was actually pretty horrifying. But, then, they had a knack for finding the humor in the most inappropriate places, making them laugh a bit harder.
"You do know that Mycroft is... mostly joking when he calls me your enabler, right? I do have clear boundaries, you know." Sherlock hesitated to think a moment longer and John started actually reading once more.
"I never thought I'd hear those words," she was sobbing. It made John feel even more like shit to have kept this from them, even if it was for everyone's own good.
"I should spank you," John teased, purposely just loud enough as they arrived at their destination, the conversation up to that point not properly reaching anyone else's ears. After getting Margie settled, he graciously held Sherlock's chair for him as Marceline arrived and took a seat to John's left, sandwiching him between his old and new paramour.
"Oh," John gasped halfway between a relieved response and a reaction to his senses flooded with the essence of sex in the air.
got home, he wasn't the least bit surprised to find Sherlock stretched, out on his bed in his pajamas and thinking pose. Sherlock had long since discarded his dressing gown, John's higher quarters gathering heat from within and without, despite light blocking curtains. Before laying down, Sherlock clicked on the fan wedged into the open window and that helped. A bit.
Even those were diminished significantly enough by Willa's pure light. She got all sorts of attention anyway for her personality alone, but add the Holmes resemblance and name and apparently there wasn't enough that could be done to please her. Apparently the Holmes family had once owned the entire area, but kept relinquishing bits of it to people that had served them, local businesses and other community facilities. They were the closest to royalty most of these people ever got for generations, some members actual royalty if one went far enough into their history. Sherlock didn't care for a title himself, though he apparently maintained one, unbeknownst to most, but his offspring was to be recognized as much as possible as the leader of men she would no doubt be. John told Sherlock, not until she was at least twenty-five. She would probably be mature enough to handle it then. Sherlock gave him that annoying '
Lestrade could only shake his head. "Look, whatever it is, it has to be something only you would do, a way only you would think of." Sherlock slapped his palms together, mouth round and eyes wide with the containment of an idea so grandiose, it barely fit in his head.
"It's the truth, Sherlock." He absently kissed the top of his head, Sherlock's hair still silken and smelling of a hint of shampoo combined with a light scent of clean sweat. He then lifted it in his hands so he could have Sherlock's full attention, cradling the pretty package that contained that precious mind. "But even then, if it worked out that you were patient enough and I survived long enough, I would take you back. As long as there is something left in me, I will always take you back. However I can get you. Staying away would mean my certain dea-"
"Touche." Sherlock had at some point gotten to his feet, automatically following him down into the kitchen. John lay his acquisitions on the chair closest to the stove, extracted a plastic grocery bag from the fridge, and Sherlock stood, leaning back against the lip of the sink to watch emphatically as John placed it on the worktop.
"Usually, yeah. But I wasn't expecting this so forgive me for not having one for you." John swore he saw the gears in his head turning through those cat-like eyes.
He couldn't fucking believe this. He couldn't fucking believe that he said 'fucking' in his own fucking mind. It was a constant reminder of how little control he had over it and how that was one of the greatest phobias of a Holmes. It went back to his pre-celibacy days, when a combination of ingrained precautions and extreme luck kept him disease free in his often drug induced promiscuity. This was in fact the number one reason he'd adopted celibacy in the first place. It wasn't exactly the drugs that had the largest effect on his mind. If he was high in a situation where sex wasn't available according to his libido/preference, then he was fine. What the drugs did do, however, was open his mind. They expanded his consciousness, whether it was to slow and examine every minute detail, or speed up and put the details together.
It did nothing for their current situation however. Despite reminding him a thousand times, Sherlock hadn't brought his charger and John's had a differently shaped plug.
"Of course. As soon as we're properly seated," Sherlock promised, watching her replace the booklet and hand John the hold-all. They acquired their name badges, each pinning the others on and once again linked arms to for the short walk into the dining area. Their badges had numbers on them to indicate where they were to sit and, as the door slowly closed behind them, they searched the room for the matching one, Sherlock of course spotting it first as John was playing his role of only having eyes for him. Yes, that was why. "Why are you looking at me like that?" He walked along with Sherlock without paying attention to where they were going.
A soft knock on the bathroom door broke him out of his wandering thoughts. This one was much nicer than his at home, all dark marbles and brilliant brass fixtures. But Sherlock had somehow acquired a rather expensive suite in the hotel where the reunion was taking place. Some higher-up owed him a favour of course, and he explained it as being good for the ruse for them to turn the whole thing into a mini holiday. It made perfect sense.
"Yes. She is." After a quiet look across the table at each other, he burst into a second round of laughter, Sherlock properly joining in this time.
The door-keeper was massive, as security for nightclubs tended to be, and he wasn't alone. The door was shut securely behind them so that they were trapped in a small, almost air tight foyer being groped by two other rather large guards, one male and one female. She clearly identified as a lesbian, according to her tattoos and tee-shirt, yet Sherlock watched in barely contained awe as she mechanically felt John's crotch for any hidden weapons and he only had to wink at her for her to break out in a seldom-used smile. So, bisexual then. Or John-sexual. He had an absurd urge to offer her an 'Amen' but controlled himself. Deemed fit to enter, another button was pushed. A voice over the intercom asked the password again and it was given by the woman. When the inner door opened, all of the sound, the screeching electronic highs as well as the belly busting baselines, combined with a seizure-inducing light show hit them, literally and figuratively, full in the face. The words 'Electric Sixxx' shouted at them in varicoloured neon, or from under a black light from every possible surface. John only arched an eyebrow at him. He returned it and they smirked at each other. Sherlock's heart skipped and he immediately willed it back to resting, always a little faster than usual when on a case.
"And we'll give Lestrade the bison and Sally Donovan the spiciest one and not tell her." John nearly choked laughing, having to drink significantly more wine than he'd originally thought he'd need to get the tickle out of his throat.
Sherlock then led John, still in the throes of port-orgasmic bliss, to lay on the rather luxurious rug that stretched the entire length of the floor in front of the bath and the nearby shower. Seemingly from nowhere, Sherlock pulled a small packet of lube which he tore open whilst further engaging John's mouth. Before the latter could protest about his refractory period not quite being what was(despite the fact that he was still semi-hard even now), or that he wasn't quite sure how ready he was for penetrative sex of the unknown homosexual variety, Sherlock begged once more, but for John to just kiss him, just hold him. He insisted John need do no more work with his hands other than holding on to him while he took care of himself fueled by passionate kisses and touches and declarations of devotion.
"Where's my gun? I'll even bury you at your old headstone. No one will suspect a thing, and even if they do, there's not a jury in the world that'll convict me."
John didn't know what made him RSVP to his twenty-fifth school reunion. Not that he'd had a hard time there back then. In fact, it was quite the opposite what with his penchant for attracting popularity but somehow avoiding the drama that came along with it. Nothing was ever handed to him, mind, yet when he took his fair share he was usually acknowledged in a positive light. Truth was, he was unsure how to present his massive success, as it wasn't success in a manner understandable by most.
The doors were locked so there was no need to pause his reassuring kisses all the way down to the bathroom and turning on the water. They continued their lengthy snog back out in the kitchen, despite their mouths aching, returning a few minutes later to discover that something had fallen into the rather massive tub, blocking the drain and filling it with water almost as hot as they could stand it. The only cooling being the distance between the shower head and the tub. Sherlock preferred a bath anyway and, minutes later, was relaxing back against John's chest. Some part of his mind was panicking at how comfortable this all was, how much he craved touching and being touched by this creature, how much he desired John's comfort and approval. He also wanted to shag him through every surface possible, no matter what it took. Even if it was...
"Wh-what if it didn't fit?" John was overwhelmed with sentiment. He hadn't cried this much since after Sherlock, and now it seemed anything could set him off, no matter how cute or romantic it actually was.
"I promise not to ask again until I've come up with a solution," he declared. "When the proof is found, I will show it to you and you can decide whether to accept or reject me. What do you think?"
He heard John's footsteps on the stairs and his entrance through the kitchen door, forcing himself to stay perfectly still with his eyes closed. He even heard his sigh of what must have been relief at not seeing him yet. Lestrade came out of the bathroom and the two mates exchanged words about the samples he'd brought up at Mrs. Hudson's request as well as the circumstances of their escape from beneath her velvet whip. John's voice sounded terribly sad beneath the forced positivity and it made Sherlock angrier that it affected him so much. Lestrade said nothing about his presence yet until John bloody
"I don't know why you're so angry," Sherlock was saying, pushing him up that mountain even further. "It's not like we don't have enough petrol to last until we get somewhere we can get another charging cord."
"Do try to contain your excitement about it." John pat his jaw rather hard and gently shoved him up and off.
"I'll always mean it. Whether it's sarcastic or angry or any number of tones, I will always... mean it." With another sweet kiss, John lay his head back down. "I would mean it when we were undercover," he said without his mind's consent. "In the past." The perfect creature didn't bat an eye.
"Not that you were scared. Of course not," John said soothingly, thankfully returning to fondling Sherlock. "Just the truth. I want to hear the truth."
"I knew I had to keep you in my life at all costs," came Sherlock's words out of the darkness. "You didn't just tolerate me, or coddle me. You challenged me. In a way I never thought possible. Especially from you." Though his eyes were not yet adjusted to the dark, John looked over and down at his beloved and was able to just make out that he had his head tilted up, and was looking back. There was the a flash of pale skin here and a glittering of his eye there in the light of the street lamps. "I knew you were different from the time we first met. I didn't know what it was about you. I still don't really. But you help me in ways I never thought possible and love me in spite of all my.... shortcomings. The few times you manage to out-think me, I was actually amused! You impress and surprise me often, John Watson, and make me
"Make me." The only thing he could do, the only thing he knew Sherlock couldn't resist, was his bared throat. The first time, when this particular weakness was discovered, Sherlock explained it in some sort of scientific way which basically boiled down to that he was ecstatic that John demonstrated complete trust in him again. John wrestled open the top two buttons of his shirt that showed above the V neck of his warm, cashmere pullover in deep blue that Sherlock had desperately gifted him that day in lieu of one of his regular jumpers.  He then leaned his head back and turned it toward the window.
And that was the gist of it, wasn't it? Sherlock would always be in the picture, whether or not he was wanted, and John was
the background checks. I get information on everyone we interact with on a regular basis, with random background checks on anyone else, even if we stop at a lunch truck. That means business papers, employees personal lives, everything until I'm satisfied. If you even look at me like I'm being too paranoid, then you can go fuck yourself, Mycroft Holmes, because my number one priority is keeping my family safe at any cost." The other two were outright laughing now despite knowing John was dead serious.
Sherlock scoured Youtube, finding several videos that were nothing but clips of kisses from movies and shows and transferred them to DVD. Christmas preparation always began early and they would be having a few more people over than usual. Being one of the most motherly(read: guilt inducing) people on the planet, Mrs. Hudson recruited volunteers wherever she could. John really hadn't a chance, as she was still a bit sore about all the time that passed since Sherlock's 'death' in which John made no contact with her. It would have been out of character for Sherlock himself to help beforehand, but completely in character for him to barge in on anything they were doing, render it unimportant, and try to speed it up once they insisted it needed to get done. He inwardly groaned over the fact that he'd have to do inane things like hold containers and fetch things whilst presenting his experiment at a mile a minute and brought the disc to the expected baking excursion.
"John bloody Watson! As I live and breathe! You certainly look smart in your Army uniform." John remembered the woman being naturally blonde, though not the colour she currently sported from a box. Her hair did curl delightfully as a teen, but the straight, shoulder-length locks complemented her more mature visage. Her lips were the same, though, rather plump and still stained pink with the same lip gloss that John knew tasted like cherries and petroleum gel. John guessed before looking at her name badge, a tiny surge of excitement at being correct putting a bit extra into his smile.
'. Sherlock then spoke as if he was convinced John didn't actually love him, and John knew it was untrue, but Sherlock's entire body began to go limp and that was what was needed.
"Sh. Don't speak. Just trust me, love." He instantly stopped struggling, fully resigned to whatever fate awaited him at the sound of the endearment in John's voice. Not only did the consulting detective think himself incapable of the emotion, he never thought, in all his years of observation and study, that he would love anyone the way he loved John, this compact, former Army doctor with skin that spoke of how his time on tours in the desert still stayed with him, and deep ocean eyes that saw into his core. He cursed John for reopening the wound that was his romantic heart, leading it into all sorts of trouble with wasted fantasies about sailing tropical waters with him.
Sherlock bolted upright, stopping inches from his face, suddenly in full daylight. The sun, softened by the filmy curtains of his picture window in his old room in Baker Street cast a light on it that enhanced its natural glow beyond measure. He'd skipped one, no, two haircuts, so the ashen blond picked up the tiniest hint of a wave and could now look properly sleep-tousled. John was ethereal and in tact.
"Good." He finally turned, seeming to have steeled himself and plastering his masking smile, the one he reserved for patients, to his face. It made Sherlock feel horribly weak to have succumbed to his desire for him, regardless of the enhancements. "You really should get some more rest. I understand if those couple of hours were all you needed though."
Not even Harry drove him to his patience limit so very quickly, but Sherlock made him actually enjoy it. There was so much more to the Consulting Detective than met the eye, and that was saying something, as there was plenty for the eye to meet. On the surface, he seemed John's complete opposite; tall where John was short, lithe were John was stocky, pale compared to a slight golden sheen John somehow retained even now from being constantly in the desert sun. Sherlock's hair was a raven mass of lazy curls and waves and, though only a few years his junior, it seemed not one strand of grey dared to show itself. John maintained his military cut out of habit, though nowadays there was much more silver than gold when he looked in the mirror. Talking of the mirror, John, who was never really concerned about the aspects of his appearance he could do nothing about, took more note of the bags under his eyes and the smattering of scarring from when he had really bad spots as a young teen-ager. They'd never gotten in the way before, and they didn't now, it was just that Sherlock had few wrinkles, and only in precise locations, as if he dictated they were only allowed to be in those specific areas by his particular command, so that his face looked wisened enough to be taken seriously.
"You know John," Sherlock pondered between the incrementally intensifying kisses, "time would pass a lot more quickly if we were to," he gripped John's torso, running his hands along his back as John mouthed at his throat and unbuttoned his shirt, "find something with which to occupy ourselves." John was now shirtless and his jeans were as open as Sherlock's trousers. "I'm thinking that between now and about eighteen to twenty weeks from now, we need to have each other as many times as possible, in as many places as possible in this flat before we have to worry about interruption and exhaustion."
"Like?" Sherlock couldn't help his eye roll. Clearly John's mind wasn't functioning properly, which means the kiss must have worked, but it didn't give the scientist the immediate results he expected. His friend was usually so straight forward about his thoughts when it came to him.
It seemed a test, seeing how long they could keep their hands off of each other. Their present record was four minutes. It took eight to order the takeaway because, halfway in, Sherlock began experimenting on John's hands, taking his meticulously cleaned and trimmed digits between lips he was often told were reminiscent of Cupid's bow, tonging the callous on his trigger finger and moaning helplessly in his softest tone at the raw power possessed therein.
John had taken his underwear off but the vest remained and Sherlock was a bit sorry for it. He didn't know if he was more expressive now or if John could just read him better now that they had become involved in yet another way, because John explained after looking down at him for a moment(touching his face in the gentlest manner making Sherlock virtually purr inwardly).
"It's uh... it's a difficult position to be in. I'm sorry about your sister's baby, but I'm sure the doctors did all they could-"
"I'm not. I didn't think I was. But when it comes to you... You're not the only one who is breaking self-imposed rules. I'll never be what you deserve. I'm selfish and possessive and it would be more for my own benefit. Also, it would benefit you and Willa legally and socially, though you care almost as little about those things as I do. They are, however, useful things to legitimately have." John purposefully controlled his breathing, his heart trying to escape its bone cage as Sherlock's mouth ran non-stop. It may have sounded like an 'or else' to those untrained in Sherlockian, but he wouldn't have taken Willa and there was absolutely nothing worse that could be done, in John's estimation. He had nothing else to lose. "If you don't wish to marry me I understand completely," he went on. "I would never try to take Willa from you but I wouldn't be able to see you ever again. You could still maintain contact with everyone else and I know you'd try to make it so I could see her regularly, but I would not be able to handle you being there and not completely mine."
"I meant exactly what I said, John. If it will make you feel any better, I'll confess that we didn't actually do anything significantly more than usual last night." John perked right up, his face fraught with confusion, hope, and a tiny bit of disappointment that came out of nowhere.
"I love you," he said quietly, almost under his breath. John stiffened a moment, causing him to do so involuntarily in response, but he never let go, and relaxed almost immediately.
Sherlock rolled over onto his right side, a spindly, suit-clad arm lolling before settling for resting his knuckles on the floor. He very much resembled a large cat, perched precariously on a tree branch, singular, almond shaped eyes of many colours slitted. John hilariously pictured scratching him behind the ear, somewhere in that black mop of glossy curls, that somehow maintained their tentative style through many vigorous activities. Of course his mind automatically went to what a shagged out Sherlock would look like. Not that he wanted to shag him or anything. He wasn't into blokes. But there was always a time when one wondered what someone around them would look like before, during, and after sex, whether they wanted to admit it or not. Sherlock was even more of an enigma as he'd chosen celibacy. John assumed he was lucky to escape his junkie days without having caught anything.
"We've no lube," John murmured through clenched teeth, convincing himself he was just playing along with the fantasy, but unable to not be his practical self at the moment.
"Well it was nice, anyway," he commented, squeezing Sherlock's upper thigh where his hand had been resting before offering to fetch them each a glass of wine, since the servers were otherwise occupied preparing to bring out the meal.
Speaking of those strange things inherent to Sherlock, he was examining Willa closely as the child chattered happily. She allowed her father to look at her hands and facial features without interrupting her speech. John would exchange little smiles with Greg and the entire scene was almost domestic. Almost because of the underlying tension of unanswered questions such as, how long they were staying, what would happen when they got back to Baker Street, where Willa and John would sleep for sure once they did. He wasn't going to assume he would be with Sherlock and Willa would have his old room for her own. True, she'd graduated to her own little toddler bed but she'd still climb into his most mornings if there was time for extra sleep to be had. John's nightmares only came if he was alone in bed now.
It was natural to wonder what it would be like to have sex with another person. Not that Sherlock had no experience. No, a fumbling encounter at sixteen, subsequent more successful encounters when he followed Mycroft's stupid advice about making them want him after his heart was broken that first time, a few years later, a drug-induced lifestyle, and an overall scientific curiosity took care of that particular physical state in almost all of its forms. Sex also factored heavily in many crimes, especially murders, and thinking about it didn't mean you actually wanted to do it.
"I lost you too, you know," he said, just as John was thinking of abandoning the idea of a nice hot Jacuzzi bath and just popping into the shower for a quick scrub down and taking some pills in order to sleep through the rest of their time there in order to avoid further discomfort. He was, as usual, unsure of what Sherlock was getting at.
"I... " was all he got out before John set down the half empty cup and ran his fingertips down the left side of his face. He arched a bit into the touch and any protest he was about to make was cut off by John again straddling him, only this time sitting down fully, making Sherlock groan.
lush, exaggeratedly shaped lips were on his, warm and soft. They held for a moment just transferring energy, then they moved. Three long, soft kisses, tears mingling between them.
They kissed until their mouths ached, then still just rested them against each other as they lay side by side, breathing with with their eyes closed, well on their way to sleep. Except that Sherlock began humming a melody. It didn't exactly keep John up, but he was curious and told himself to attempt to remember to ask him about it in the morning.
"It'll be fine, Sherlock. I won't embarrass you." Then, under his breath, "Nothing bloody does." He heard John click on his electric razor. He would have to trim everything down before shaving properly, Sherlock figured. The state of his friend when he returned from that awful survival training mission he did as a favour to Mycroft was appalling. He looked like a cave man someone had stuffed into khakis and a horrible jumper. His normally neatly cropped hair seemed to be growing from everywhere on his entire head except for his eyeballs. When Sherlock helpfully informed him of his horrid condition, the cheeky bastard grinned, teeth bright ivory peeking through ashen blond wire, and replied that he'd had a chance to clean up more, but he didn't take it in favour of seeing the exact expression Sherlock wore when he turned up looking like that.
"Of age to drink," Sherlock said, a brief raised eyebrow seeming attached by a string to his shoulders, making them shallowly raise with it. John perused the ads much longer than he felt was warranted, tempted to take quite a few up on their offers, but many were so vapid under the surface, according to his now much more refined observational skills, that it would hardly be worth it. Several decades ago, perhaps, but even back then, he always had more severe crushes on the cleverer girls. Now, he hadn't the time to raise his partner along with any potential future offspring. He had enough of a time with Sherlock in the picture.
"They're only words, Sherlock. This is me. It's okay." He searched John's face for a lie and, satisfied that there wasn't one, inhaled deeply to speak.
be with?" He allowed Sherlock his scan, determined to expose the full force of the truth to him. Sherlock snatched his eyes away and went back to his microscope to hide the physical evidence of whatever he was emoting. John followed, curious to see what would happen next.
"Mm." Sherlock's utterance was not only an agreement, it was an acknowledgement of John's overwhelming wisdom. He let the hand that wasn't currently around John travel over his cotton-sheathed torso and wander toward the bare bits, John undulating under his touch in the most fascinating way. He would get to the scar in a moment. Contrary to popular belief, he could be patient when the situation called for it. How did anyone expect him to be able to conduct experiments without patience? Science was mostly waiting for something to happen when you introduced or removed one element from another. Sherlock had a burning question.
Love had always been there despite the form it took at any given moment. This revelation caused Sherlock to blank out for an unknown amount of time. There was nothing else in the world, in the universe but John, the sounds he made, the feel of his skin, how he moved when he was touched in different places. Sherlock made sure that John was in such a state that he didn't even notice stripping himself of his vest.
"You have," he agreed. John looked off to the left as he did when he was thinking hard about what to say next. Those glorious eyes came back to rest on Sherlock's. "I'm sorry," he said.
Sherlock slowed everything, languidly kissing him and caressing him back once more to a calmer state. He wanted to taste him when he reached his peak and told him so, earning himself a delicious swear and a filthy command with John's fingers tangled in his hair tugging hard enough to stay just barely in the pleasure zone. Ever the caregiver, John released his hair when he got close again, explaining breathlessly that he didn't want to tear it out by accident. Sherlock didn't say anything as his mouth was otherwise occupied.
"Yes that is so. For example, ever since our talk behind the tree, you've only initiated touch when others are approaching and you let go as soon as they're off . You even did it in the cab, not to mention all evening here whenever I tried to engage with you in some way. And don't think I didn't see you answering emails and texting in the spa."
He even heard sniffing at precisely the right moment and stood to shed his suit coat. Underneath it was John's favourite shirt of his, a delicate sage green that apparently 'did things to his eyes'. With both hands, he ruffled his hair out of its usual arrangement, also the way John preferred it, and reached into his jacket pocket for the custom made crystalline case, shaped diligently like a human heart. After a slow ten count, he approached the room.
John fully entered the kitchen and jokingly stood behind the chair in which Sherlock sat, putting his hands on his shoulders and rhythmically squeezing in a light massaging motion. Sherlock stiffened as he normally did when touch was not anticipated, but he gave no indication he was more uncomfortable than usual. "Mysterious, are we?"
Especially the way that he now gravitated to John's room when the boredom was beginning to be too much. There hadn't been a case in days, the heatwave stagnating even the criminals it seemed. Also it was the fact that when John
Because he did get John on the table then, on his back, legs wrapped around his waist and Sherlock almost lost it, he was so hard. He bent over John, not putting his full weight down, tethering himself to just this side of ravaging him by the uncomfortable pressure of the jeans into the flesh of his belly. Because John was making sounds as he tested out oral patterns on his throat, and when he would kiss him again, John would do that tongue thing, until he copied the action causing ever better sounds. It took Sherlock a full minute to realize his own contribution to the noises and he pushed himself upright, but gently, and bearing John's legs still around him, so as not to make John think he was changing his mind. John was flushed and shiny-eyed, shirt partially unbuttoned and messily pushed up, to reveal a glorious belly Sherlock had to tear his eyes from in order to form a coherent sentence.
"I just... asked myself... what would John do?" he managed to say before the kisses became too deep for conversation.
"I know," John sighed in return. "But at least people won't be so preoccupied with some perceived Eastenders-type plot point." Sherlock, the bed sheet characteristically wrapped around him, took a chair to his right, pulled it closer to John's side, and sat down in it hard. He then let his head fall on John's shoulder and the doctor gave the top a little kiss before looking back at the screen.
"I am?" Sherlock was usually the master of his emotions, to the outside world. Perhaps all the statements regarding the nature of their relationship were more than just snipes.
"It's not like you to care how someone else is," John retorted, surprisingly irritated. He heard Sherlock lift his head from the microscope on the kitchen table and clearly pictured it turning mechanically to analytically peer at the back of John's head a moment before getting back to it.
bled for me and the fact that you did it sometimes just to help satisfy a curiosity at a random time around the flat isn't any less important than doing it as a result of injuries sustained in helping me. Molly repeatedly risked life as she knew it and it was no less a sacrifice than being physically out in the field."
He could say no more as Sherlock plunged forward, writing off the moisture on both of their faces as just water splashed up because of the sudden movement. He didn't even allow John to do anything more than the kissing at first, fellating him expertly and with an enthusiasm unmatched by the very few prostitutes he'd sought the company of overseas when loneliness, alcohol, and peer pressure got the best of him in the Army. It took an almost embarrassingly short time before he was warning and spurting seemingly directly down Sherlock's throat. He knew he was a bit on the above average side in size, yet Sherlock swallowed him to the root, the sight of it alone with Sherlock blinking up at him through long, dark lashes to indicate how comfortable he was with John being fully seated, was enough to get him off, let alone including the accompanying throat movements and bollock caressing and nipple tweaking.
"Lestrade," he said, John's inwardly visceral reaction to his live voice nearly winded him with surprise. "If you could please see if-"
crying in a shoddy room somewhere in the middle of nowhere, utterly alone, was to access voicemails John left on his old phone.
"Then again," Sherlock said after, making his way onto the small section of bed to John's right for a dulcet kiss, "I'm sure the others would be more than glad to occupy her for a bit. There's still some time before lunch is served..." The next kiss quickly became almost too much as he laid John back.
"Indeed." Mycroft stood patiently, seeming indifferent to the chill wind coming off the water a few yards away on the other side of the fence he'd built around the little house, fitted with well-hidden security cameras. "Also lack of manners." That infuriated John.
For a moment he thought Sherlock was going to at least touch his shoulder but he instead asked, "Would you feel comfortable inside? With me?"
!" John shot back, dodging and moving around the table to successfully avoid his chasing flatmate. "The next time you did this without my agreeing to it you're to get a separate refrigerator, remember?" John sped out the kitchen door and came back in the sitting room one, hearing Sherlock double back sneakily and taking the opportunity to turn and bolt down the stairs to the music of Sherlock's frustrated growl.
He entered the room after hearing the toilet flush to John taking down the hand held shower nozzle he insisted they needed(it actually made a lot of things easier but he'd die before he admitted to it). The tub was piled high with bubbles and he felt the slight grit of the undissolved Epsom salt under his feet when he stepped in. It was extremely warm, near scalding, as they agreed was best. He gazed at john as he looked in the mirror over the sink, examining his face for some reason, the rather harsh light of the room kissing every last hair and mark. It was atrocious how much he always wanted him. John turned to catch him looking and blushed prettily, attempting to conceal himself with motion, but there were only but so many ways to turn in a bathroom. Sherlock held out his hand.
Greg gave nervous, lop-sided grin and a little wave as he caught up. Outwardly, Sherlock seemed perfectly calm, steady, as if he was facing danger, but john knew he was worried to death. Behind Sherlock's blank mask was blatant fear, the kind of dread usually reserved for situations in which death was imminent but one hadn't yet resigned one's self to the fact.
"Come on then, love," he crooned, speeding his fingers up as Sherlock sped his thrusts, crying out, thighs shaking as his pulses spread sheer white from his jaw right down to its source.
"Sometimes a... foreign hand helps... We could just try it. As an experiment. We won't ever have to speak of it again."
"You're perfect," Sherlock blurted, heart running away with his mouth. "Your scars, your skin, your mind... you... are unfathomably beautiful." He made sure to have John's eyes as he spoke these absolute truths.
"Because," John's voice strained with his lithe, mostly naked body (his dressing gown made it off but not his shirt), "they'll think of you as a lost puppy full of angst and want to save you."
"When I... came back, I didn't know whether or not you still cared. You refused to see me again, even after your attempts at throttling me and your successful head butt. Even Mrs. Hudson only hit me once."
"This was all I could find," John said, holding the bottle of 15 year Irish whisky over his arm as if presenting a bottle of wine for his choosing at a fancy dinner."
"Oh." He seemed genuinely surprised. "Well, useless facts is what I have you for. Alright, on the count of three. One... two..."
"Why are you content to touch me when we're around other people but not by ourselves?" John had to ask.
"We're apparently already a convincing couple," he retorted, noting the slight lisp Sherlock always got when overtired or otherwise mentally altered as he did so.
to apologise to her for." He instead followed John the short distance to the table, though it took a bit longer to navigate the chairs to the specific spot at which Margie wanted to sit..
But John brought in the telly he'd specifically hauled onto a rolling trolley so they could watch all the terrible programs from the comfort of Sherlock's room. Only this time, John was in bed next to him, refusing to spoon feed him now that he was well enough to 'fuck him bowlegged'. He had Sherlock honestly questioning his sanity because he was certain he hadn't said that bit aloud. John teased him by bringing a spoon to Sherlock's mouth but, snatching it away to take the bite himself. Sherlock threatened and cajoled, but never got anywhere, nearly falling asleep from his medication before he could eat his fill. He lay comfortably in John's lap after he finished and dropped right off to the sensation of John carding his fingers through his hair and complaining about someone whose accent was clearly fake. Well, not clearly to John, but that was per the usual.
To Sherlock's utter delight, John was actually returning the volley, reaching up to wrap his skilled doctor's hands loosely around the base of Sherlock's skull as he tried his best to keep his on John's face or hips so as not to scare him into thinking something more was going to immediately happen. Just as he was figuring that this was all he needed ever, John sighed contentedly, the initial tension draining from his compact frame, and melted into his arms, before doing some sort of... thing... with his tongue, and Sherlock was almost instantly erect. He tried his best not to actually devour John, though he wasn't sure how well he was doing, as the tension returned in a slightly different form, the need to get him somewhere, anywhere horizontal, or at least able to straddle him in some way. He had a flash of a fantasy of John doing so in Sherlock's chair, that (he imagined) glorious chest dripping with sweat as he pounded up into him, attempting to clean it with his mouth. The thought made him groan and lift John nearly onto the sink.
"I won't last," he warned, afraid he was holding Sherlock too tightly to breathe and attempting to slow down. The little menace just sped up, adding an intermittent muscle squeeze that had them practically screaming into each other's mouths with his release as a result of his cock being massaged between their stomachs. Sherlock's pulsing after shocks, set John off a moment later, satisfied that he hadn't broken his streak of pleasing his lover first. Sherlock lightly pushed him to his side so he could get at their smeared fluid on John's belly with that abnormally clever tongue. He worked his nipples mercilessly with both oral and manual manipulation. John was awash in sensation and somehow, Sherlock managed to stop just shy of over-sensitivity as he moved about his beloved's body, shamelessly tasting and sucking and biting and touching. John realized he was being cataloged and, once his exact spots were quickly found and managed with just the right amount of moisture and pressure, John's refractory period went from ten to non-existent in less than thirty seconds. A minute after that, Sherlock was sinking down onto him for round two.
"You're... thinking... too loud. What were you going to say?" Sherlock was making an effort to enunciate, his slight speech impediment showing up despite his best efforts.
"Oh... oh no your money's no good, sir. This is so much more than I ever hoped..." He stopped speaking in order to gather himself a bit, holding up the cards. He then cleared his throat and, with a short bow left the room, tucking them into his inside jacket pocket.
Going through the front door wasn't as difficult as he thought it would be. Sherlock calling his name distracted him just long enough with the compulsion to go to him. Going upstairs, however, seemed to be a more serious issue. He left the luggage by the door out of the way, thinking it would be easier to ascend without them. Though there were walls to support him should he need a handhold, John still found himself thinking of a scene in an old cheesy horror film during which the burned nightmare monster was chasing the heroine upstairs and her feet began sinking into the steps as if they contained pits of melted marshmallow. It was vaguely how he felt, trudging upward, each step increasingly difficult, until finally, he reached the sitting room door. The kitchen door was still closed and bolted fast.
"Ready?" Sherlock asked. John could only nod, unable to take his eyes off of it anyway. "It may take a little longer than usual because of the amount of alcohol I've consumed."
After a few minutes, Sherlock figured out John was still more concerned with hurting him as well as being so exposed. So he eliminated the obvious by letting John close his legs before pushing his face back home, roaming hands settling for a combination of stroking, fondling, and precise manipulation of John's nipples. He tasted divine, slaking a thirst Sherlock had no idea was so severe, a need for John's body to be willingly given over to him in pleasure. John was trying to keep his voice contained, almost comically surprised when it came out louder than intended. For the last of it, Sherlock pushed fingers into his mouth alternately, the sight of John taking them in without hesitation making him rut against John's rather smooth, trembling leg, the friction delicious with a combination of what was now proper sweat and pre-ejaculatory fluid.
"I sincerely hope you all approve," was all John said before thrusting out their hands to the excitement of all. The three of them were hugged and kissed within an inch of their lives and lunch took several hours between the planning, discussion, and celebratory nips of champagne. An outing on which to gather materials was planned for the next day. Mummy apparently had many phone calls to make and, by nights end, they'd received dozens of congratulatory messages.
He had actually considered telling John that he didn't have to return the favour yet, that all he'd wanted was his pleasure, but it would have seemed forced. Sherlock had wanted him just as badly, the whole thing exponentially worsened by how he looked coming for the first time as a result of what was being done. John didn't owe him, by any stretch of the imagination, but they were both willing and in their right minds, more or less, and so he'd allowed it to continue.
It was ridiculous, the amount of energy he involuntarily spent on anticipating John's return. When it began taking longer than he thought it should he nearly started to panic. But John had reappeared, setting the DVDs down in front of Sherlock on the coffee table with the instructions to 'make himself useful', then had begun gathering supplies. There was a fan for the window, a few snacks including fruit, candies, crisps, and a pitcher of a drink called Arnold Palmer; iced tea and lemonade mixed together that Sherlock reluctantly found delicious. He busied himself with setting up the show, finding the latest episode he'd not yet seen.
him. Which surprised him. He assumed there'd be stronger feelings(ugh)but for some reason never included the fact that just kissing John would be enough sometimes. He couldn't understand how he left that out of his calculations as John's absent touches were normally soothing when Sherlock wasn't in the midst of a hormonal crisis. However, he justified it quickly. Since he'd already planned to do this, he figured he could move up the date if the opportunity arose. John had mentioned earlier that he had a pub thing that night and would be gone for quite a while after changing clothes and a shower, hoping to at least catch the attention of a few of the women there even if he wasn't actually ready to be with one again after the whole Mary debacle. But, after helping Mrs. Hudson, he didn't much feel like going anywhere but up to his own flat and, eventually, his own bed.
"I know," Sherlock whispered into his mouth. "Me, too." He suddenly stepped back, cleared his throat and straightened his suit jacket. John took his cue and reigned everything in as much as he could. It was difficult, to say the least. It helped that Mycroft and Greg were looking around almost uncomfortably with strange, tiny smiles on their faces. John then grabbed the detective inspector in a bear hug, apologising profusely, Greg saying that of course he understood, he just wished people would talk to him before disappearing. John swore that it would never again happen if he could help it and they squeezed then released each other.
"Don't worry about it ending quickly," Sherlock stated. "We've had enough alcohol to delay the ending and, if you're still reluctant, you probably won't actually remember anything tomorrow until I begin telling you about it. Which I may or may not do, depending on what I think would be best."
"And what's that? Oh! Mmm! This is the best thing I've put in my mouth. Well, second best." Sherlock made a grand show of slightly blushing. His coy little smile was perfectly executed. If this went on too much longer, this mutually beneficial sham, John was convinced it would be the death of him. But then, there were infinitely worse ways to go...
Harry had taken them aside into a little room and told John she wanted to attempt to begin making up for all that had happened between them. She swore that this time, she was kicking the drink for good and had already been in this fancy new alternative program for months. It was proper hospital care in a home environment. At John's predictable reluctance, she laid out a specific timeline, describing her plan. John had never heard anything like that from her before yet he still of course doubted for the most part, though she outlined everything from diet and exercise to therapy and her plans to find various useful hobbies. That was until she got to the bit where she promised that when she was in full health for three or more years, and she had already made sure before she came to him that all would be in good working order, that she would proudly carry a baby of his and Sherlock's. They were full siblings therefore sharing the same lineage, so it would be a true combination of the two men, genetically speaking, if Sherlock provided his part. They'd hugged and cried and John apologised for still keeping his doubts, though he promised to support her. She seemed to understand completely.
"Wait no," John said. "She's not going to a boarding school no matter how prominent it is. If she's going to have 'connections' they'll be of her own personality's making. I'm sure you could arrange a playdate with little Prince George in a couple of years or something." The only difference in Mycroft's countenance was his raised eyebrows. "We're supposed to be family, but don't think I need to be financially dependent on you. I would make use of your connections, however to make sure she and Sherlock are safe and I don't give a fuck what you may have to say against it." He was deathly quiet, assessing John's every bodily twitch. Sherlock and Lestrade were snickering like schoolboys.
"As is knife-wielding John," said Sherlock. "Well, any weapon, really. Oh! I need to get you a sword!" Sherlock pulled out his phone to text furiously.
"Look at you two in your own little world," Marceline broke in as they chuckled at John's allusion to Sherlock's premeditated murder. "It's so lovely." It really was. John had suddenly realised he was actually
"They're my lucky pants, alright?" He nearly turned the same colour, unsure why he was blushing over that as opposed to the fact that Sherlock was about to show him how he got hard from playing with his arm pits.
His eyes popped open with only swatches of memory. Even those few hazy thoughts were enough to get him from filling to fully erect before he could figure out he needed the toilet. It was the only unfortunate thing he could think of, besides his breath and discovering he was alone in the massive bed with dried come in his pants and on his abdomen. He would have been a bit grossed out if it wasn't a reminder of whatever happened between them the night before.
"I suppose... I suppose you're right. We're to be parents ourselves soon and I guess I'll need to start thinking like one; what will be best for the children and so forth."
"You're staying hard for me." Sherlock didn't seem to be able to lift his head or open his eyes. He just mindlessly rutted as John got well back to his arm pits. The truth was, in this position, it was much easier for him to control his orgasm, a habit of making sure whomever he was with got as much as they needed paying off once again.
"Oh, fuck, John! What are you doing to me?" John answered by threading his legs through Sherlock's, and putting him on his back without disconnecting, so Sherlock could bounce that way for bit while John took his long, lean body in completely. He resumed what he was doing to the crux of Sherlock's arms and torso and his tightly pebbled nipples, the taller man demonstrating great flexibility as his trousers and pants were still around his ankles, holding his feet locked together behind John's back, John's torso holding his thighs wide, so that he could do nothing but continue fucking himself, bracing his still-shod feet against the side of the bench. A sheen of sweat became more visible as Sherlock's heaving chest began reddening with his impending peak. Sherlock cried out, begging John to not make him come so soon, but John refused, thoroughly enjoying, for once, having Sherlock under his complete control. He didn't even have to move more than his hands.
"This... whole thing." John gestured widely. Sherlock scanned the area then settled his eyes back on John in that unsettling way he had.
"Good afternoon, Uncle Mycroft. My name is Willa Watson-Holmes, but Daddy calls me Honeybee. I'm glad to meet you." Mycroft's widened eyes were the icing on the cake. He raised his eyebrows to hide it and John witnessed the mask of decorum slip back into place before he took the child's little hand in his for a firm shake.
, but he had to let John set the pace if he didn't want to mess this up right at the start. This was too precious. John was too precious.
"We should continue this discussion at home," he stated not quite understanding the tiny spark of reluctance that surfaced at the words. Yes the bed was comfortable but it wasn't their flat. Besides, whatever it was, it didn't really have to do with that bit. Sherlock agreed yet remained where he was for several more minutes as if waiting for something. The theory was confirmed just as John was about to go in for another kiss, when a knock sounded at the door.
"I suppose I'll just have to choose something since you're still asleep," John lamented dramatically before exiting the room and as he walked extra slowly down the short hall that lead to the kitchen, he put the phone to his ear and loudly said, "Hello? Sultan's Palace? This is John Watson and I'd like our usual curry order as well as-"
"What do you mean, 'is that all'?" His Sherlock impression wasn't nearly as spot on as Sherlock's John one, but he only ever used it when he was agitated.
John launched himself at him, toppling them both to the floor, crying and kissing him without actually having said yes. The kisses were quickly becoming too distracting, but he could let it go no further until the results were locked in, however trivial it seemed in reality. With great difficulty, he sat up and pushed the box between them,  re-opening it, as the tackle had flipped it shut again. John repeated 'Yes' over and over again in a thick, watery voice, punctuated by several adjectives such as 'marvelous' and 'brilliant' and 'gorgeous'.
"Mm... positive." After an even lengthier kiss that nearly resulted in round two, John pulled back a bit to look into eyes he also couldn't get enough of.
"I know it feels weird," John started, "with a child and all, but-" Sherlock quieted him with a soft kiss. Lingering long enough for them to put their arms securely around each other.
." It was the truth. Sometimes John would chatter endlessly around him, sometimes he was silent. Sometimes he would stay across the room, and other times, he would make a concerted effort to pass close by as he moved about, and touch Sherlock lightly on the way. John would get him to eat even during a case now and, as always, inadvertently give him great ideas, though lately they were more often related to how to make him smile, usually by what he had to do to make others more comfortable, sometimes by engaging in their special brand of gallows humour.
In the quiet comfort of each other's company(read: Sherlock pouting about pigs), they made sure they had everything before checking out of the hotel.
"A bit," she answered truthfully, finally looking up at John and grinning with tiny teeth and large cheeks. "We're going to go see Papa!"
"Thank you. I do need a rest. I'm starting to ache already and I know you're probably sore, too. Though, from other things" John playfully shoved him off and sat up, looking around the room for his lost buttons as Sherlock pouted harder than he actually felt at his defeat. John plucked two buttons from the bed then got out of it to find another.
"I've never in life done more than just play around in that particular area until now and it has been quite some time since I've done even that. There was bound to be a little... exuberance fallout. I'll take some ibuprofen and soak in the tub and I'll be fine. It's time for your medication anyway." He pulled himself to a sitting position on the bed, John's appreciative glances not going unnoticed.
Sherlock stroppily threw himself into his chair facing John, pouting and attempting to get his flatmate's attention through the judicious application of the most hateful glare he could come up with. After a full minute of attempting to ignore it under the guise of researching more units, John couldn't help the tiniest of smirks, which quickly went downhill when, coincidentally, a muted video ad for the opening sequence of Monty Python's Flying Circus popped up in the sidebar. When the foot came down on the entire affair, John burst out laughing, clicking on it to produce sound and a full-screen view of the replay before turning it to face Sherlock, who subsequently began a low, rumbling chuckle. Before long, they were both in hysterics, John having to put down the laptop before he dropped it. Sherlock picked up his own laptop and typed something in extremely quickly as they finally calmed.
"You didn't say no," he teased, the exchange not helping him clear the vagueness. It was suddenly Sherlock's turn to kiss John senseless. He was very much caught off guard by it, but almost instantly fought back with all the ammunition in his arsenal. That which was appropriated for public, anyway. At least
Sherlock radiated that same overwhelmed new-parent vibe by barely restraining the nerves in his voice as he asked if those were the kinds of questions that needed to be asked and if he should be asking questions, too. Then he went on to ask questions anyway as they slowly climbed two staircases and passed several heavy-looking wooden doors with a dark finish. John saw one open at the end of the hall, the voices coming from it distinctly Willa and her grandparents happily conversing on the merits of alphabet blocks. John shook Greg's hand, thanking him for his concern and turned to Sherlock who caught him off guard with an unidentifiable look. Then he figured it out.
"My sister had one of those births. You did better with some towels and a kitchen knife than the hospital doctors fully equipped did."
"Well it has to have you written all over it. You're not the simple flowers and chocolates type. That is, unless the chocolates are shaped like human hearts and the flowers are lethally poisonous." They both chuckled at that. Mostly because it was accurate. "Erm... buy a fresh chemistry set and conjure up a nice dinner served in lab equipment?" That actually wasn't bad.
"Sweet talk like that, I may just get on my knees right now." John planted one on him, playfully slapped his cheek, and disappeared into the bathroom. A moment later he heard the water go on and John leave through the other door to get his various pharmaceuticals from their "hidden spot" in the cupboard behind the cups that were used the least.
"Sorry. I'm sorry," John pressed him back to his former position, trying to stifle his pleased laughter. "It's just so..." Sherlock gave him a sharp look. "Sorry." He pushed back the tousled curls and kissed Sherlock's forehead. "Forgive me?" He then kissed each of Sherlock's eyes.
"God no. Just because you can't keep up with it, it doesn't mean the route isn't direct, just that I get there faster. But it's okay, almost everybody can't..."
Within five minutes, Sherlock's neck and chest were riddled with marks in the shape of his mouth that would purple nicely in areas that people would be unsure whether or not it was his favourite(most fetching)button up or a love bite. Two fingers of John's left hand were buried deep inside his love's arse, finding his prostate unerringly whilst his right hand mercilessly stroked Sherlock's length until he was saying whatever came to mind. Lots of 'yes' and 'there' and 'please'. John took his sweet time. Enough time, in fact, to add a third finger and become completely hard again. He sunk into Sherlock's depths, always surprised at how tight he remained even after a good preparation. Comforted by the fact that there was absolutely no way this hurt even a little, John set a punishing pace right off the bat. He combined it with giving Sherlock's nipples a good tongue lashing with it until he started hearing swearing. After John got his left hand between them, he only had to give Sherlock's cock a few cursory strokes before the man with the largest vocabulary he'd ever encountered got to the word 'Fuck!'. John knew then that it was time.
"Not to be a good person. You just are that. You have to try not to express it because you feel it will ruin your image. But I'll tell you one thing, it's just going to make others want you more."
it?" he asked walking around to put the table between them. How did John read him that well without even being aware of it? The doctor sat in the chair there, his back to the landing door, and briefly eyed an experiment.
The elder Holmeses cooed over her little outfit and laughed over her no-tie explanation even through giving the two men in question dirty looks about the fact that even a girl who was practically an infant knew they should get along better. From the little John saw of their exchanges they actually did. Mycroft indicated that there had to be a discussion regarding their future and it seemed to be a code phrase, for his parents rose and started to leave the room to the panicked expressions of John and Sherlock both.
John couldn't help his nerves as they approached the table outside the doors to the dining room, but it helped tremendously that Sherlock seemed a bit nervous himself. It triggered John's caregiver mode and it was automatic, his releasing Sherlock's arm to place a comfortingly escorting hand at the small of the man's back, his encouraging smile which Sherlock immediately returned.
"Don't," he gasped, a little surprised at just how eager he was at the moment. Sherlock pulled his dressing gown wide open and set on the flesh available there.
to check his watch. John wanted to shout some more at him for that, wanted to berate him for making this into a science experiment or whatever he was doing at the moment, but all he could get out was a sputtered, "F-Ffuck you, Sherlock."
Sherlock achingly pulled himself over him.  The pain was beginning to return now. "I only need you, John."
"Of course not." He thought John might run, or reject him outright, but, and he really should have started expecting it, the ex-Army Captain kept him on his toes, once again going in an entirely different direction.
"Bisexual with more of a propensity toward men. I told you, I'm a four, do keep up. If you don't find men sexually attractive at all, how do you explain this?" He grasped John's cock, pulling a distracting little moan from him. Sherlock's indignation took a very short holiday when confronted with the heft and circumference of it, as if it was formed specifically to be handled by him. "Because you certainly are aroused by the sight of me." John thought about it for an endless moment.
wearing?" John had the nerve to ask. Sherlock slowly lowered his book, lips slightly parted in preparation to deliver a properly scathing reply but it was caught and died screaming in his throat.
"We all agreed a private introduction was in order first," Sherlock said, never taking his eyes off of the child. John couldn't argue with the logic. Their little affectionate display probably embarrassed him beyond measure. There was no telling the emotions Willa would invoke. Sherlock shut the door and moved in front of the little one, back straight, hands clasped behind it in a painfully familiar way. Then he squatted, cleared his throat and looked straight into large, darker eyes. "Hello. I am your father... Your... other father..."
"I've been doing some reading on psychology. Only a bit, mind you, as I think it's mostly bullshit. But I did just enough to be able to back up my theory that your therapist is bollocks and you'll need a new one. One that I've personally vetted-"
"Of course you do, because you are a six foot three year-old." He gasped in over-dramatic shock. "And you don't have many friends because you don't want any. We had to kind of bully our way in there and endure your lashing out born of uncertainty-"
Supper was a lively affair during which everything else was discussed. There were apparently many family events planned now that they were finally there and properly together. Even Sherlock and Mycroft's snide remarks were fewer in the presence of the new addition. Sherlock kept at least a finger, or the side of his shoe in contact with John at all times. Nothing so blatant as putting his arm around or kissing him in front of everyone as when they first reunited, but it was noticed all the same, by everyone, who tactfully remained silent about it.
"I experimented with different meats," Sherlock was saying. "On your right there, that's bison, the center is Ayam Cemani, and the left is mutton. The heat goes up in intensity as you go across. I rather thought you'd start on the right as you normally do, despite being left-handed."
"Of course you don't." Oceanic blue eyes traveled the length of what he could see of John's body. Of course Mycroft saw how the last bit of post military recovery weight he couldn't seem to lose even after constantly running around with his baby brother, had melted away, leaving only corded muscle in its wake. Being in hiding had apparently done him some good at least. "You have my word I will not attempt to take her from you at any time." That was really it, the worry. Besides the soul crushing exploit of trying not to bother Sherlock with the task of raising a child. That was extremely difficult in and of itself, but add his needs and lifestyle and it would be virtually impossible for him. And there was the fact of the baby's safety. Mycroft then said what was probably the one thing that could convince him. "Mummy and Father already know about her." John sighed in exasperation and finally stepped aside. Two more people that were probably going to hate him for keeping this secret. "They are delighted with both you and her and want you to be reassured they only wish to have contact with you both."
"Did you say something, or were you just talking to yourself again?" John snapped him out of his revelry, calling through a crack in the bathroom door as Sherlock sat staring into his microscope, his mind going a hundred miles an hour on a hundred different subjects. Most of them were trying to bury the one thought, the possible progression of John's bathroom routine, the faces he made shaving in the mirror, the way he swiped at the back of his neck when beads of water from his hair ran down it, tickling him.
, and, it looks magnificent." He tilted the laptop a bit more toward John to show him as he continued checking things. John had to admit, the appliance was stunning. It was the kind of thing bored people with too much money and time on their hands would redecorate their kitchen around. Instead of making sure Sherlock wouldn't(because who knew with him sometimes?) he just continued to look over the description.
"That's ridiculous," Sherlock snapped, still trying to hold on to that last, tiniest bit of hurt for as long as possible. "What the hell does that even mean?" John, however, remained unaffected by his sour tone, his smile still evident in his voice. That, mixed with just the memory of actually seeing it as well as his eyes caused the negativity to disperse completely. Sherlock was now angry that he was no longer angry. An orgasm from John apparently drained all sense.
"Over medium egg on wheat toast with brown sauce," he blurted. "However, I can do that with anyone so, following your logic, I must be quite the tart indeed."
"John," came the woman's smooth voice as if right out of the photo, the 'J' ever so slightly softened by the French inflection embedded in her language centers in the womb.
"She smelled horrid," Sherlock sniffed, as if remembering. "It was the main reason I handed her over."
"That's fine. In what was apparently a dream, I've had enough to last me a while." John gave him a sideways look he wanted to kiss off of his face.
"Unbelievable," The detective inspector had mused, Sherlock able to picture the little head shake that always accompanied such statements.
John opened his mouth to start to say something, but closed it again. It wasn't something you just asked someone, best mate or no. He'd tried to delicately ask Mrs. Hudson that time way in the beginning. She had no idea either.
"Stop it!" John commanded in that tone that brooked no argument. He used it sparingly and only when he wanted to make sure he was heard. "Don't you think I would be able to get away if I wanted to?" Nevertheless, the guilt was overwhelming and Sherlock moved suddenly to plant himself in his chair in order to remain out of reach. It didn't exactly work when John came to him and kneeled in front of him. It wasn't helping either. Dawn was in full bloom, the light doing things to John's form Sherlock could hardly look at for the attraction it cultivated within him. Of course he could get away. His past was fraught with 'getting away.' From becoming a doctor to get away from poverty, to joining the military to get away from his broken family, to the hundreds of times they got away from nearly impossible situations, John was well-versed in 'getting away'. "You kissed me and held me and we both fell asleep. That's it. It was comfortable. I didn't count it as anything much because we all do strange stuff in our sleep. You didn't, I don't know, violate me or anything. You needed a bit of comfort that I was glad to provide. It... It only went as far as the kiss." Sherlock could only look at him at first, thinking as hard as he could about how to navigate this situation. Lestrade might know, but he was probably sleeping off a hangover if John was anything to go by, and he would be incredibly grouchy anyway when awakened at dawn, no matter the reason. "What... what did you think happened?"
John had just filled the kettle, plugged it in and flipped the switch to the 'on' position. As he went for the cupboard, Sherlock spun him about by the shoulders and mashed their lips together. They were soft, warm, and smelled of scented lip balm. Just as he'd always imagined. He then released him and took a step back to observe the reaction closely. Surprise was the most prominent.
He begged for him not to be dead. Prayed to whomever would listen, including Sherlock himself. John would giggle to himself sometimes, now that Sherlock was back, about how he'd react to being thus deified. It was even funnier that this well-known atheist was the sole reason for his believing there definitely was a God, and that the Almighty's favourite pastime was fucking with his creations like some sort of mediocre writer whose works you'd grab last minute before a long flight because the cover looked interesting enough.
"And I don't know that you'd be able to be patient enough for me to welcome you back into my life when I was ready if we got together for real and then parted. I don't know that I'd survive it."
"No!" came the cry from the other room as he simultaneously heard the loud fumbling of trying to get out of bed as quickly as possible in order stop the impending travesty that was one. more. curry. John didn't at all mind being practically tackled for his phone by a completely nude Sherlock, as well as the subsequent little warning frown complete with nose crinkles when he discovered John hadn't actually called the place. John ended up locking himself in the bedroom to use Sherlock's abandoned phone. He loudly continued his curry order while actually ordering a large sushi combo for two via text to one of Sherlock's contacts he knew provided such services. John was fully prepared for the consequences of Sherlock having to break into his own room and his supposedly ordering curry anyway.
"In this endeavor," he began, running another agitated hand through his hair as John absently stroked the back of his right hand which was now flat on the bed, "I found allies in the most unexpected places. Or rather I saw the... the emotional truth rather than just fact. You were there. All the time. No matter how cruel I was to you, no matter how much trouble you got into because of me, no matter how you worried and shouted, you never left. Not permanently."
"Explain," he demanded. Because how dare John successfully make him question his own fashion choices!
By then, Summer was in full swing, complete with the season's first proper heat wave. Sherlock found him on the roof again. John would often go up there as some sort of conditioning exercise. Sherlock always felt the worst when this happened, because it meant there had been a nightmare or panic attack that he hadn't been present for. Fortunately, John was smiling in delight as a dove with soft little patches of toffee colour among the snow white of her feathers, perched from his hand and ate. She was allowing him to pet her and grasp her in his hands when he looked up at the door, the most radiant of triumphant grins affixed to his countenance.
"I won't be able to let you go and I can't lose you. Not again. Not like this." Sherlock was so quiet and still that John was afraid he had anyway, at least in part.
It looked like a country cottage the size of a sprawling mansion. Sherlock was concerned for a moment that the littlest Holmes would be restrained around his grandparents. John assured him Willa had been wanting this since she could express it. She would do just the right thing.
Now, however, he was in over his head. They'd cut out his tongue and were carving into his flesh and mercilessly manipulating nerve bundles, but it was nothing compared to what they were doing to John. The others they'd already shot upon confirmation that Sherlock still lived. Such a small thing was a bullet, to completely eliminate everything that was these remarkable people, genuine spirits, if there was such a thing, released into the ether, never to acknowledge him again in the forms which he could recognize.  John was the only one left.
"That has yet to be determined. But that sounds like an interesting study..." Sherlock went into his jacket pocket for his notebook, holding the dressing gown hostage with the same hand that held the little pad. His appearance of scientific interest poorly masking the utter cheek in his near-smile.
"When did we get an Instagram... and all these others?" Dozens of notification icons, some the same, some different, marched across the top of the lock screen. When he swiped it open, previews of the notifications popped up along with the related icons.
him! He was definitely kissing back and tasted like baking ingredients and cherry lip balm and- He immediately stopped cataloging and, on top of everything, his fingers came away wet. No! No he refused to cry. He hadn't genuinely cried since the roof at St. Bart's. He, of course, was attempting to lie to himself, as there were many times when he was away from Baker Street, where the only way he could
"Be nice, Sherlock." He scoffed, striding over to the plush arm chair that was positioned to look out the window and used it for its intended purpose. For about three seconds.
"As you can see, he's fine," Lestrade stated. But not really, because he's just covering up what he's really feeling in this situation by being a complete twat, per usual. Seriously, Sherlock. You need to fix this. Immediately." With that, Lestrade grabbed something additional from off the tray, bid farewell to both of them, and departed.
"Ah! You're home. It'll be ready in a moment. Sit down. The wine will have breathed enough by now. Pour me one, would you?" Before John could say anything else, the door shut and he was once again left slightly dumbfounded. He finally got around to hanging up his coat on the back of the door next to Sherlock's famous one and could do nothing else other than what he was told. Moments after setting the significantly lighter wine bottle down and taking a long draw from his glass, Sherlock opened the doors wide, then turned to retrieve a platter piled high with what looked like wild rice and sauced meats. A regular dinner plate on which naan was stacked was beside it. Despite the sting, it smelled delectable. Sherlock placed both in the center of the table, behaving as if this was just something they
"And?" The funniest bit was that he genuinely didn't see the problem, nor did he care to explain without being asked. John could only laugh, kiss him, and force a croissant spread heavily with strawberry preserves into his gullet, as well as pretend not to notice when bites of sausage, bacon, or egg he left on the fork as he did a quick email check went missing from his plate.
The fastening of one side immediately cut his thoughts short. He'd absently been instructing John on how specifically to use them, to loop the rope through the ring so that he was sat up a bit. Thank God he didn't straddle him to do this because his hips definitely had a mind of their own, the pillow thankfully staying in place but only because it was probably impaled at this point despite his pants. Catching on to what he'd wanted, for whatever reason, only served to make things worse, his anticipation of Sherlock's needs. He tested his bonds and found he was comfortable but couldn't escape without a plan, and all of his plan making juice was south of the boarder at the moment.
one extremely fitful week during a London heatwave where his attic-dwelling flatmate and best friend pranced about the building in very little, his scent powerful to Sherlock's sensitive nose. There was almost an incident when he brought home ice lollies and had the nerve to eat one in front of him. John had grinned cheekily at him, but it did little to keep Sherlock's eyes off of how the former Army doctor's thin white cotton vest clung to his lean torso. Or how John's scarlet football shorts seemed to conform to every move of his pleasantly muscled thighs. Sherlock was well aware of his own literal and figurative assets, but John... It was obscene in the most glorious way that always left him frustrated and distracted, which all of London, including John would pay for by bearing his moodiness.
"What? Why? Is it steroids or something? I swear to God, Sherlock if this is one of those things much worse than you're letting on..."
What a choice of words. Especially with that bit of pie filling on his cheek that only smeared and became covered with flour when its presence was indicated and he swiped at it, looking around for a reflective surface that wasn't currently covered in ingredients. He followed John into the loo without thinking about it, putting on a show of sucking his teeth and rolling his eyes. But somewhere, between his in-character farce of a reaction and contact with the skin of John's face, he realized that this was why it sometimes really bothered him when his flat mate would be puttering about, especially in the kitchen when Sherlock was doing an experiment. He was distracted by how much he wanted to just bloody
"The password is 'Johnlock'" Sherlock saw the extreme puzzlement but, champion that he was, John had already donned his 'in charge' expression as an eye-level panel was slid open.
They tried almost everything except for anything sexual. There were heads on shoulders or in laps, lingering squeezes or pats of limbs as they'd pass each other around the flat, and even chaste kisses on benign places such as temples or foreheads or hands. Sherlock would wrap his arms around John's waist as he made tea or a bite and sweetly rest his chin on John's right shoulder. John would do the same, except for on his head whilst he was bent over and experiment. They even found it much more convenient to sleep in Sherlock's room when they shared a bed, John going so far as to kip in there whenever he needed to, whether or not Sherlock was in.
"Would you believe that I care for you?" John finally marked his place with his left forefinger and looked at him for a long time, sapphire, platinum, and honey eyes seeming to heat whatever they touched.
He'd been blessed with a happy child, one who would smile most of the time, even in her sleep. Today she awoke grinning with tiny white teeth and patting him on the cheek.
"Do you mind?" Again, coherent thought was difficult as John got the drip with his tongue. He was pointing with his dominant left hand.
"Of course you did." He sat hard, leaning his chin on his long-fingered hand, covered with cuts and chemical burns and callouses. John was now more knowledgeable about how Sherlock could tell a pilot by his left thumb, though not the details. He'd have to ask about that later, for Sherlock was always willing to demonstrate his cleverness. No, John had a rare opportunity and would exploit it for as long as the window was open. Fuck it.
His left hand continued down, cream against marble, dancing over and around Sherlock's leaking member, playing in the fluid, bringing it to his mouth for a taste of the man's very essence. Having the entirety of that intense focus was a heady thing, and John basked in it. John went over his path with his tongue, Sherlock writhing with beads of sweat beginning to emerge on his bared skin despite the relative cool of the back seat. The heat was at a level of balance maintenance as opposed to bringing the temperature up steadily.
The second part would have to wait a while, however. But he found the remembered spot, this vest a bit short so that a sliver of smooth skin taunted him from below the hem, and lay a rather sloppy open-mouthed kiss there, imagining he tasted lemon and sugar mixed with the glorious taste of John. John's giggled question turned into a soft moan when Sherlock pushed it up more and ran the flat of his tongue across the width of his abdomen. He had to pull back again, lest he move too quickly. He recalled slightly the tinge of regret after some hurried encounter. The drugs usually took care of that, however, he no longer had that option. He was pretty sure all bets would be off if he used again and he wasn't about to let that happen. Besides, it wasn't part of the experiment. Of course it would be interesting to see how the experience could be altered by-
Not that he normally wasn't. The entire planet was in such a state that caring about individuals was too exhausting. He liked to think that he was just going through the motions, that doing so allowed him more time for the pursuit of the basic truth he so desperately needed to remain an active part of the world. The unmitigated farce of it all was what mostly kept his addiction active. At least when he was high, he wouldn't have to deal with people...
"Adams Mk III Model 1872 revolver," John said quietly, as if speaking too loud would disturb the ancient firearm. He brought it back to hold it again in both hands. "My... I think two or three times great-grandfather had one when he fought in the Second Anglo-Afghan War."
"Please." What he was begging for exactly he hadn't much of an idea. In what he recognized as acquiescence, John slid off of him to lay beside his left arm, head turning toward the dark underside of his bed. No. Not this way. "John stay with me," he said, hating the pleading edge to his voice. But it got him to turn his face back. "There we are," he said quietly. "Hello."
He felt delicate, warm fingers around his bindings, the action of which dissolved them. Both wrists were rubbed gently as they were brought  down, then  his shoulders were rubbed from somewhere to his left, John's hands a balm to his seared essence.
Goosebumps and more bloody tears dominated John's body, as the over-excited girl tried her level best to keep from wriggling in her Papa's lap but couldn't quite manage. It was a task to get her to wait for the helicopter to land properly before trying to jump out. They were a ways from the front door in terms of a toddler's legs and so they convinced her that Sherlock should carry her most of the way as his legs were longer and could get her there more quickly. She pouted, an expression so like her beloved Papa's they all had another laugh. Sherlock took steps John and Greg had to practically jog to keep up with. Mycroft took his time, giving the man with the bags some final instructions.
He was concerned that he was only mildly surprised at seeing Mycroft Holmes when he opened the door. As ever, the man's three-piece suit was impeccable, down to a gold watch, its chain a gleaming garland on his waistcoat, flowing into the heather grey pocket. He'd actually been tapping at the door with the tip of the umbrella he was forever toting around like a bloody security blanket.
"Not much I can tell you that I haven't yet or you haven't already deduced or found out other ways." John's little smile made Sherlock's belly quiver, but he had to get on with this so he could get off with John.
"Yeah well, probably not. Still, no need to be a dick about it. Well of course look who I'm talking to," John groused on his way to shut off the blender and pour two tumblers full of the verdant concoction. He almost slammed it down in front of Sherlock, murmuring something about how the nutrients wouldn't hurt his 'scrawny, pale arse' either. Sherlock said nothing and, by way of apology, downed the drink with John. It was actually quite pleasant tasting. He was already coming up with experiments having to do with ingredients when John collected his empty glass to rinse them out and find a container in which to store the leftovers.
"I rather like you this way," he smirked devilishly before licking a stripe up the side of Sherlock's neck. "Trussed up and almost incoherent." By the time he
Sherlock slipped down onto the floor, catty-corner to John, his back against the base of the bench. He thought twice, then pulled the cushion off the bench and pushed it underneath himself long ways. He indicated with a semi-slight head gesture that John was to sit facing him. Sherlock shed his suit jacket, leaving him only in the two hundred pound button up John sometimes wished he could pull off. Sherlock carefully got up to hang the jacket over a rather inconspicuous-looking pipe. John took off his own jacket and deep blue cardigan as well. It was his nicest blue gingham button up tonight.
"You've already done whatever you planned to do in there for now," John said with raised eyebrows and a playful smirk. Before the sun was even up fully, they both were, in the carnal sense, before John's half day at the surgery.
"Yes I recall a bit of a friendly rivalry going on," said Sherlock, in a tone that denoted a playful nudge without physically doing so. He did lean toward her a bit, just not in the looming manner he used to intimidate people into giving him the information he wanted.
"You were... they had you..." He grabbed John then, held him tightly to him, unable to stop the pathetic tears, the weak-willed sobbing into the worn cloth of his dressing gown, the one the same colours as his eyes. He had alight blue button up on, one that Sherlock had bought him a long time ago, but no trousers. Sherlock breathed deeply the scent of him, the grooming products he used, his particular brand of gun oil, the tea he was consummately British about making... He buried his face between John's neck and shoulder and he held him too and let him, hushing him with the same pain-ravaged voice as earlier.
"I did." John sighed, angry at the potential re-emergence of tears currently clogging his throat. He tried to clear them away.
to look into those silvered navy depths when he was trying so hard to be angry with him) combined with the term of endearment (which made a surprisingly warm spot in his chest, a bit to the left of his sternum) chipped away at his resolve. This was ludicrous, bringing to mind a glowing green rock that weakened that alien in the silly blue and red uniform with the cape. That helped him recover at least a bit of his ire. John contaminating the pristine waters of his intellect with popular drivel such as that. "Honestly almost nobody is a firmly a zero or a six on the Kinsey scale."
"No! I planned none of this! Nevertheless it happened and one must... adapt." John nodded in agreement and leaned up to kiss him as sweetly as he could muster. His wistful look dissolved once more into slight uncertainty. Showing on his face at all meant a deep, internal perplexity. "You... you never actually said yes."
"If you're going to be bending over like that, the least you could do is take off your shirt the rest of the way so I can see properly... John, I've hurt you."
"Only a few days ago," the boy replied, surname Lewis, going by his name badge. Sherlock had produced his phone from his dressing gown pocket and began searching for something. "They were saying that it wasn't doctor error but something was not quite right. She hasn't the money for a lawyer so I put off going into the service to work for one."
"Promise me, Sherlock. I'll be very disappointed if you see our babies for the first time without me. It's bad enough Clara got to see them before us." Sherlock's demeanor changed slightly, meaning John had finally properly gotten through to him.
"No! No no." He did kiss John then. "No. There are no standards. You can do everything or nothing and I'll still want you." Was there some sort of truth serum element added to the mixture? Because he couldn't stop the words. He wanted to try lying, just to test the theory, but John's face, the expression that was a combination of relief and delight and anticipation warranted only truth.
"Then call it a plan. A well thought out plan. With charts. And-and stimuli." Then John laughed and it was miraculous and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to grab him tightly and kiss him until suddenly the kitchen became the bedroom. But John still hadn't actually said 'Yes'. He had to agree out loud. John blinked up at him until he was certain he'd have to either kiss him anyway or flee the flat. Mercifully, John looked away, though the thoughtful expression didn't much help with the wanting to kiss him bit.
"I'll feel how I damn well please if you insist that I must feel at all. Must I say that I love you every five minutes?"
"It was fine. I was fine." John felt a tentative finger brush his hip. "We were all fine and we all missed you terribly and tried to make things right."
"Exactly." John accepted his apologetic kiss and slipped Sherlock's phone from his jacket pocket to put into his hand. Sherlock kissed him once more and sat back down to begin texting Lestrade.
But John was currently close to weeping and Sherlock had no idea what to do about it. So he held him tightly, ignoring his own only slightly less powerful erection. Then they were frantically kissing again, Sherlock on top, John dipping sure fingers past the waist band of his pyjama bottoms enticingly in back. He knew he had very little control over his mind when he didn't realize how John's hands wandered, only that they were touching him and touching him was precisely what they should be doing all the time. Except he was pushed onto his back and John pressed his nudity to Sherlock's side and licked his neck as he stroked him furiously with a combination of organic lubricators. The only indication he was breathing was his uncontrollable moans of John's name and 'Yes' and 'So good. Oh God how is just this simple thing so good?' John had gotten his free hand up into Sherlock's hair to grip lightly and flicked his right nipple with his tongue. Then, dropping his mouth down over it, John continued the flicking in combination with a sucking very similar to how Sherlock had done it elsewhere. His hand gave a little twist at the top of Sherlock's shaft, then began going agonizingly slowly, massaging the completely exposed head with his thumb until Sherlock thought he would go mad, but nearly shouted with a sudden sharp release. John caressed him gently through it, letting him fiercely take his mouth with his once again and letting go of him just as he was about to become oversensitive.
"A couple wouldn't necessarily wear pants in bed together all the time," Sherlock replied lightly, causing John's back to go rigid as he stared straight ahead before slowly turning his gaze to Sherlock nonchalantly continuing on his mobile. "Perhaps under pyjamas or something, but I would imagine only when staying over at someone else's house or the weather's cooler. Even then, body heat would be more than sufficient in...Oh for God's sake, john of course I wore pants. Happy?" If he was honest, John wasn't quite sure what he was.
He made the decision like he made most of his decisions, within a scientific construct of facts and figures. He made up spreadsheets and filled journals with all sorts of information from past and current things John said and did, to how he smelled and looked at various times. All of the information present and organized still didn't tell him whether or not the man would be open to... having him. He knew he couldn't just have sex with him, that if ever he was to convince him of it being a good idea, it would be for life, at least in John's eyes. Since Sherlock refused to break his heart, it would have to be so for himself as well. In that aspect at least, as he couldn't promise his normal behaviour wouldn't inadvertently hurt his potential lover. John had often even said it, playfully to him, but more seriously to other people when he thought Sherlock couldn't hear or wasn't paying attention, usually whilst in his cups. "He[insert incident here]and it just broke my heart," he would say, usually followed by, "D'you know what I mean?". It would have done the same to Sherlock, supposing he had one, figuratively speaking.
"You're really being dumb now, Sherlock. I never expected it of you." He whipped around to face him but remained where he was. "I swear you didn't hurt me. Not really."
"Do you think I'd want someone who thinks nothing of getting between an established couple? You know I'm not the 'open relationship' type. But Greg calling you my 'work wife' that time was just a joke."
"That show," he blurted. "The one with the rather genius, alien with the old police box for his space ship. It's not terrible."
"Breast cancer. Obviously, Darling." John felt he was unreasonably glad for the proper return of the pet name designated by Sherlock. He was rewarded with his Private Smile and a kiss. "Let's see...," Sherlock continued without a pause to verbally acknowledge the final proof of their mended 'romance'. "Suspected suicide but I'd wager it was murder."
"Oh, John," double meaning there, "That's not bravery. Bravery is doing what needs to be done in order to achieve a goal despite fear. I simply don't think to be afraid because it's a simple case of figuring out how to acquire what I desire."
"Come." Sherlock held out his hand and John put the dove in it with a cheeky smirk he wanted more than anything to snog off of his face. But he had something much more important to do than dole out punishment. He did glare at John, his heart not actually in it, then frowned at the dove, examining it and releasing it after he and the bird had blinked at each other for a full minute. John finally put his hand in his(he couldn't ever help noting perfection of fit) and Sherlock lead him inside. They washed their hands on the way to the bedroom.
John lead the laughter brigade with a high-pitched, nigh uncontrollable giggle. The rolling thunder of Sherlock's chuckle joined in, then the other men blended into the mirthful four-part harmony. He had to laugh, as he was sick to death of the opposite, the sorrow and loneliness. His own words, necessary for dealing with even only half a Holmes rang true. She was also half him and he knew he could out-stubborn Sherlock when necessary. Their 'sweet treasure' would have no trouble at all.
"You wouldn't?" John seemed more surprised that Sherlock wasn't averse to sex than afraid he was going to hold him to some unspoken agreement.
"There you are. If the notoriously unobservant masses see something, you must be radiating discontent." Sherlock was never that distracted and it was worrying.
The words, however, died on his lips as he took off his jacket and noticed the table they rarely used for its intended purpose, efficiently set. He called out to his friend again, even louder this time, and was finally answered by a curled head popping through an opening in the kitchen doors.
"Because I hadn't hurt you, not because I didn't want to do anything with you. Babe...,  how could you be so clever and so dumb at the same time?" Sherlock's eyes snapped solidly to his at that question. He opened his mouth to return offense but lost the ability to do so when John usurped it with a resolving kiss that had him in the same position as that first one after their last romantic hiatus. John swore he heard a very Mrs. Hudson-like
"No, us! I never really had to explain it before. Most of the people I talk to either understand completely or don't ask. I mean, even you have to admit it's not the most normal situation."
"You're one to talk about crass behaviour," John mentioned, lowering his mostly empty bag in its place by the wardrobe and gathering fresh pants, a towel, and his familiar blue dressing gown with the lighter vertical stripes. he was paying attention to his words, now, censoring himself. Sherlock didn't much care for that.
"Sherlock, that's not how it's done. You can't just..." John turned to look up at him, that great fondness bleeding into his exasperated expression. "That just isn't it."
They knew what they were doing. They almost always did. Maximum amount of pain, minimum amount of internal damage. He was brought to the brink of death, sometimes tipped enough to fall over into it, but was always yanked back before hitting bottom, before it was permanent. It became tedious in and of itself so, when he was only being worked over with crude instruments, he would take it, internalize it, and roll his eyes until his captors grew tired enough to be manipulated.
"I... what?" They never stopped kissing, not making the conversation awkward so much as forming the words.
His concentration was broken by John marking his page with one of those ridiculous 'I believe in Sherlock Holmes' bookmarks and padding into the kitchen, his loose tartan pyjama bottoms falling over his feet and a small swath of over milked tea skin showing where his olive drab tee shirt was slightly rucked up from his sitting. Sherlock couldn't take his eyes off of it until it was thankfully adjusted. The consulting detective was seized with an idea and stood to immediately put it into play.
"You still don't understand, you daft... Look," he heaved himself up onto the side of the tub that was flush with the corner of the wall, thinking again before draping a flannel across his overwhelming erection in order to lower what seemed like a grand distraction. The way Sherlock was looking at it and licking his lips..., "If we... if we consciously did this, if we went this far without the excuse of exhaustion or alcohol, I don't think I would ever be able to stop. When this is all over, I mean."
Sherlock had been too embarrassed for hospital and had John convince the EMTs that he would look after him properly at home, even though he refused even him access once they'd arrived. He somehow convinced John to go fill out the paperwork at the police station after making sure everything checked out as alright as it was going to get for the time being according to the instructions John patiently called through the door of his bedroom. What Sherlock had completely forgotten about, so wrapped up was he in his own problems, was the fact that, not only would he lose hours from the real world in his mind palace and experiments, but the sincere compassion of his doctor was retained at almost all times. Hence the soft knock and voice that sent his whole body throbbing in its wake.
He returned after Sherlock had quickly used the facilities, balancing a tray, loaded with two cups of tea, a bottle of water and his portion of painkillers, antibiotics, and what he supposed were vitamin supplements. He took them all and showed John his mouth and hands out of routine. When he was a child, when he was in rehab, he always had to prove he'd swallowed them and not stashed them for binning then, later, for currency or later use. Except for the vitamins. As some sort of amusement, John had gotten ones that were similar to Haribo gummy bears to replace the large pills he usually took. He glared at his partner in everything now as he chewed two of them, having a hard time maintaining it when John smiled at him all... happy like that. Fortunately he turned his attention back to the bath just as Sherlock's resolve broke and he smiled in return.
John wasn't at all dull about the subject matter, despite having little idea what Sherlock was talking about more than fifty percent of the time, and celebrating the smallest of triumphs. All he'd admit to himself was that John's triumphant expressions at grasping the simplest concepts made him smile in spite of himself. He could usually suppress it until later, when he was alone, or at least out of John's presence. Sometimes, however, he had to turn his head and let it eek out at tiny intervals. It was ridiculous and annoying.
"You're an idiot," Sherlock said, pressing his lips to John's forehead for a long moment. He felt it wrinkle beneath them as the sharp shooter simultaneously frowned and tried to look up without moving his head. "Didn't you hear anything I said? You must have because you answered."
"Please tell me you wore pants in bed," John begged somewhat bashfully, feeling the heat in his cheeks as he stared at an old message then switched to a mindless game app. It was the only other thing he could handle at the moment.
"You have to tell me," he almost begged. "Or I won't be able to." John could say little else but his name as Sherlock swallowed his tumescence with an eager mouth. John could reach nothing but his arms and head, Sherlock's own throbbing erection kept out of his legs' range of motion though he could feel the whisper of Sherlock's leakage on them. "I want you to take me," he panted, kissing back up to John's mouth after bringing him to the brink several times in a short span.
"What, really?" In the afterglow, his ire was temporarily displaced. "I haven't come that hard that fast since I was a teen-ager." Sherlock shrugged rather narrow shoulders, padded by that large, heavy coat, licking his fingers before going into the glove box for some wet wipes he'd apparently stowed in there.
"When can we see them?" Sherlock was even more eager than John ever thought he would be at the thought of children once they became a reality.
It was as if a powerful magnet was activated by his touch. John remained unsuspicious until the the last moment, even straining his face up a bit and looking away so Sherlock could wipe the smudge off properly. As if this was something just done with them, like Sherlock following him into the bathroom.  Sherlock's rubbing at the spot with his thumb was basically just for show as the applied kiss, with a hint of tongue actually cleaned it. John's eyes went wide as he continued to look toward the wall, but he didn't pull away or push him back or otherwise reject him yet. Only whispered half of his name in surprise as he moved a kiss to the left corner of his mouth, then John's eyes slipped closed. That was his cue.
started to move steadily, in a slow circle after attempting several different angles to find which one made Sherlock the least verbally understandable, Sherlock couldn't keep his eyes open, no matter how much he'd wanted to watch. John had, through just a steady stream of rather innocuous words, whipped him up into a frenzy. He felt as if he were literally on fire, desperate to be quenched and the act happening so slowly he just knew he'd be consumed before it had any real effect other than building the flame. He wasn't particularly loud during sex, but nothing was ever the way it was before when John Watson got a hold of not only your mind, but your body. Sherlock could hardly breathe for the loud, gutteral sounds John was yanking out of him. He was methodical, touching and tweaking and squeezing when the mood took him, but making sure that whatever he did, it was done thoroughly. His marvelous, gorgeous, reliable, steadfast doctor!
"I see." And 'see' John did, for as soon as Sherlock touched his armpits, his penis twitched. Continued actions caused it to swell and lift, bobbing. John kept his own hands on his knees and watched intently as Sherlock's breathing became louder, more laboured. Soon there were other sounds mixed in, tiny gasps and quiet, short, moans. It couldn't have been more than fifteen seconds, but there he was, fully erect and breathing hard. It was actually pretty fascinating.
"Not right now Babe, she's exhausted. First thing tomorrow, I promise. I won't even go in to the surgery and we can spend the day if you like."
"Who wouldn't, in that tight little hole?" John swiped at some fluid on Sherlock's bared chest that he'd missed, and, adding it to his own saliva, applied it to the point of entry. "Need to keep you nice and wet down there. Wouldn't want you to chafe. You'll be sore enough as it is."
He encouraged John to leave it be with slow kisses, had him turn around and asked him, with his best puppy dog eyes, to wash his hair, something they both found they enjoyed immensely when he'd first come back. He even let slip the thing about how the detachable shower head made everything easier, justifying it to himself by thinking about how he was technically dead for two years, so he hadn't broken his oath. Though he did enjoy the sponge baths. The
"Good. That's... that's good." She then put little chubby arms around Sherlock's swan-like neck, one she'd inherited. The man hesitated at first, but a moment later his arms ascended, wrapping themselves around the small form and squeezing. He buried a noble nose in hair that retained the vestiges of infancy and inhaled, closing those eyes. The lump in John's throat returned at the scene, Sherlock sitting back, clutching the child to him. When he pulled back to look into her face again, Willa placed a sweet kiss on his prominent cheekbone. "What... erm... What is your name?"
The gun Sherlock gave John was the one that Victorian John would have been issued in the war in which he would have been a part back then, according to ACD Canon. <3 <3
. One moment John was pretending to care if he lived or died by at least having a conversation about a flat share with an old university mate he happened to run into during one of his self-inflicted constitutionals, the next, he was running the streets of London,
"Of course," she retorted, clearly accepting his odd brand of apology. "I actually designed it with him in mind. I always preferred his body structure. Compact yet sturdy. Deceptively strong."
He was was pretty sure he'd said that out loud, but then everything was a jumble. Until he heard John announcing he was close to reaching his peak. It was crystal clear and acted as a cattle prod, his entire form leaping into action involuntarily. He rhythmically squeezed his inner muscles, and met John's thrusts even more vehemently. John was calling him clever and beautiful and perfect, peppering his compliments with exuberant swearing until he clamped his mouth down at the base of Sherlock's neck on the side and pounded into him as if his life depended on it. The third orgasm had taken much more time and was probably dry, but John was inside of him at the time and it didn't really matter. John kissed him languidly until he stopped twitching, Sherlock again using his muscles to wring every last bit from him.  John continued to give him sweet pecks as he undid the restraints and finally,
John could of course more than hold his own, but Sherlock had the benefit of studying martial arts and self-defence techniques they didn't teach in the Army. If it was a basic street brawl, the consulting detective knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that John would win. The compact captain could be brutal if given half a chance, hence Sherlock knowing that John had actually been holding back every time he'd punched him in the beginning. Sherlock took this opportunity to incorporate some of John's moves into his own repertoire and impart knowledge on how John could improve some of his moves. 'So that the young bucks wouldn't be able to throw him around quite as much'. This unintentional slight actually motivated John to take him down hard using his own move against him. This was going to bruise nicely, but Sherlock couldn't bring himself to care as John sat up on top of him to cheer himself, arms in the air, chest out, sliver of belly showing as well as miles of creamy leg.
"Well, you've said it yourself." John stopped altogether and he could have screamed for the sheer simple want of his kiss's return. "It's a chemical defect, an abnormality. Of course you also say that you're a sociopath, which we all know you're not, because, unlike other people, I actually do my research." John continued to hold his face the way he often did during these times, gently directing everything, as he planted another more chaste kiss on Sherlock's forehead, then leaned back on the sofa. "But you're right about the fact that actual proof of love is in the brain. Since there's no way to show this then I..." He knew that expression, the one that occurred when John was beginning to second guess something.
Sherlock counted quickly and, they did it exactly as instructed, John pulling his out, Sherlock, for some reason shoving pants and trousers down until they were around his calves, both rather nervously attempting to put the other at ease by voicing their comfort with the other having a good look before anything else got started. Sherlock's was like him, long and lean, the top much darker than the rest, a slightly above average length when flaccid, but the potential to grow, if the visual markers were anything to go by. John was a 'grower' too, but, flaccid, he'd seen he was the same length and width as his old friends erect, therefore becoming that much bigger. He looked his fill as Sherlock undid two more buttons on his shirt, then rested his hands on his slender thighs, peppered lightly with rather ginger-ish hairs.
"Right..." They sat in silence for a few more long seconds before Sherlock spoke again, shifting between sitting up and laying down. "I'm not a virgin if that's what you're asking. And, no, it wasn't experimental. Well, not
It all frustratingly and abruptly stopped when Sherlock seemed to disappear into thin air. Of course John's eyes being shut had a little to do with it, but when he finally opened them, Sherlock was standing by the cold fireplace, in full blown disarray. His carefully controlled chaos of a hair style had descended to mere chaos, his flies hanging open in flaps with just the very top of the base of his hardened penis peeking out from beneath the hair there, slightly coarser than that on his head. Only a small section of his completely unbuttoned shirt on his left in back was tucked in and that was because John had his hand there, pushing it past his waist band in order to grab hold of the fantastic roundness that kept turning him on further with the reminder that it was bare under his trousers. John could only imagine how he himself looked; probably like a Hobbit with a hard on compared to a majestic dragon, sizing his losing prey up for round two of their fight to the death.
"Ruining your experiment. It was a perfect plan. It just... would have been better if it was just that."
. Sherlock couldn't speak then, could hardly breathe, could only blink over at the spectacle that was John Watson in pristine Y fronts from where he sat in his arm chair, mouth open in the attempt to do both of those things. As if that wasn't bad enough, John stepped up right beside his left arm. Sherlock's mind was definitely going as he had the craziest thought regarding John's not unsubstantial crotch and hearing the ocean before John put his hands proudly on his hips and asked if his body offended.
"I don't even have to see anything," he continued, adding his other hand, drawing his fingers down Sherlock's lengthy neck. "I can just... touch you through your clothes." He could have. It would have been plenty. "But I won't unless you agree." John put his face very close to Sherlock's, licking those lips and staring at his as if he would devour him.
Sherlock continued to kiss him, apologising briefly for the mark and handing him several tissues with which to clean his hand. He then trailed his mouth back over the area, licking gently, some basic part of his brain almost joyful at his claim being visible. He pushed his hand up under John's top, trailing his fingertips lightly along one of the many thin scars on the skin of his side due to their adventuring. It was a knife wound, much deeper than John had indicated at the time, yet it only seemed to make John angrier at his attacker. The assailant had caught Sherlock off guard and laid him out. Sherlock had had to masturbate for the first time in several months to the memory of John 'accidentally' breaking the combatant's arm and blaming it on inadequate calcium intake. The goosebumps that rose then mirrored the ones on John now, indicative of what his nipples were probably doing. A graze of those same fingers confirmed it, the re-emergence of John's erotic sounds encouraging.
But the speech, the homage to John's last blog entry after Sherlock left served to bring tears to everyone's eyes and almost completely calm Margie. So much so, that Sian slid slowly out onto an extra thick pile of towels John held beneath her with minimal grunted effort. Mick's wife Sandra had donated a sterile packaged mucus removal bulb from a baby bag that John used on Sian while holding her in his arms face down. He then gently massaged her back and, gurgled at first, then clear and piercing, Sian announced her safe, but annoyed arrival.
"Firstly for you to unhand that gun you have in the back of your waistband. Contrary to popular belief, I am not a danger to you."
"I bet you could charge admission for that," Joked Marceline after Margie repeated the quip to answer her question as to what was so funny. John elbowed his partner as a reminder and Sherlock murmured something in French to her.
As much as he seemed eager to get him alone, Sherlock only stood stiffly, watching him a moment before traversing to the window around the side of the massive four poster bed that had to have been in the family for centuries.
experienced a most spectacular orgasm, he would have been ready to go again, no matter how long a second one would take. He could hardly help the little breathy moan that escaped him when John did so. Sherlock chuckled a little bit as their breathing regulated, finding it difficult to stop kissing him until John did so first, dropping his head onto his shoulder.
"I meant that proposal, you know," was all he could think to say at the moment. Sherlock nodded slowly, instinctively reaching for the disks of John's dog tags so that he could fiddle with them. It seemed to be the correct thing, but John wasn't yet sure.
"Thanks," said Greg. "You-" Sherlock stepped toward John again, much closer than outside and Lestrade fell silent.
John was good at kissing him in order to shut him up. Sherlock wondered if he'd ever do that at a crime scene when he thought he was being too rude. He made a mental note to test it one day, the last coherent thought before he lost himself once again in John.
John was formally cheered, even by the staff who knew what was happening whether or not they were involved, and toasted. However he only partook in two shots(the 'For science!' toast implemented by Sherlock catching on immediately)before he begged for his fiancé to be allowed to take him back to their rooms. Sherlock did so without having uttered a word directly to him since his rousing speech. He'd ask later, however, as at the moment he was too busy feeling the most satisfied he'd ever been in his life, except for the time he performed an appendectomy on a seven year old Afghan girl whilst her village was being bombarded by shells. There was also the play he was in with Sherlock, but he could only see the good bits as well as some of the real bits. He sank into the hot bath and dunked his head for a few seconds, enjoying the absolute peace of being underwater. He popped up when he saw a distorted face hovering above the water line.
