“So, did you make it back from school okay?” John nearly bit his own tongue. Was the whole evening going to be him embarrassing himself, before he even got on to the truly mortifying parts?
Now, I know that you clearly view humanity as something you believe is worth risking your life for. Otherwise you would have either secluded yourself up in that tower, or become a vengeful and indiscriminate serial killer, or you would have possibly committed suicide. Yet you patrol the unsavory parts of London as if they were your battlefield and you were the soldier.
John sighed in frustration. “It’s because that I believe you both are equally capable of goodness as you are in greatness.”
The taste on John's tongue is certainly not unpleasant, but it is foreign. He tongues the crown, licking at the precome curiously. The salty beads disperse on his pallet, and John seeks out more. When that tongue curls around the crown of his dick, Jim digs his hand a little more possessively into John's head.
That was fine, John told himself. He didn’t need to read the book right this second. He had plenty of time. He had an abundance of it, all by himself.
John waits with half held breath to see if Sherlock will roll his eyes or make John sleep in his own filth. Instead, Sherlock’s eyes widen before he chuckles in astonishment. He presses a kiss against John’s shoulder, and John is very proud of himself for not flinching away.
Sherlock has to press harder against John’s hip to keep him still. When he still feels him buck under his hand like an unbroken stallion, he pulls back and releases the sound.
John could do this. It was what he had come over for in the first place. He was here to make amends. And the only true way to do that would be to admit that Sherlock was right. Then they could acknowledge it, agree no relationship could be formed, and move on. He just had to say it. He only had to get the words out.
"Yeah, thanks," John's voice suggests anything besides,"but I think I'll just stand here plotting your violent and painful death." John's infuriated when Sherlock rolls his eyes.
John opens his mouth, to either protest the endearment or just tell the man to fuck off, but he's interrupted. That happens a lot to him now. "The boyfriend thing wasn't an insult mate, it was advice."
A smile curls over Sherlock’s lips as he replies, “Rest assured that I do, and trust that you don’t wish to know the reason.”
Sherlock didn’t even know he had raised his hand until he could see his fingernails--No, his mind whispered, claws—steadily turn black like ink spreading across paper. He twisted his hand, and all six men suddenly froze.
When they're close enough, the appendage sweeps out, and brings most of them crashing onto their backs. John lashes out at the ones that got close enough to avoid the sweep. He keeps his claws tucked in, to avoid any serious damage. The punches he lands instantly crack bone, and they reel away, screaming in agony.
Sherlock rewound the footage and played it again. This time, when John strode out of the bathroom, Sherlock paid no attention to his wounds. It took him a few minutes to deduce what exactly was niggling at the back of his mind. The answer came once John came out washed from his second bath and proceeded to stretch for his exercises.
" Sherlock stepped closer to the desk. Seb followed, but didn't stop him. Sherlock didn't move toward Jim, just slammed his hands on the surface.
Then Sherlock nipped at John’s lips, and he stopped speculating. Sherlock occasionally licked at the raindrops that clung to John’s face, like he needed them to quench something.
But not now, not when the contentment of a full stomach and barely visible stars peeking out amongst a violet-indigo sky created a rare moment of tranquility. He would talk to Sherlock about it later.
It has been damnably quiet for a grand total of FIVE days. And Sherlock is starting to lose his mind. Which is absolutely unacceptable.
When Sherlock turns back from watching him leave, the rain is finally showing him what he’s wanted to see this entire time. As if it needed John’s presence to coax it into behaving. Sherlock sees ‘yellow roses’, ‘lapis lazuli’ and ‘shield’, and knows that John is feeling just as loyal and content as he was the last time they had such an enlightening storm.
"You want him to escape just so I can catch him again. Make him see that I can find him anywhere," Sherlock caught Jim's expectant gaze, "That's not all. Then what...ah. Give him a glimpse of the network."
"Should I even bother to ask where we're going?" John asks as Sherlock holds the door open for him when they exit onto the street. The night is muggy, but not overpowering, hence the absence of a proper jacket. John can't imagine what sort of extravagant piece Sherlock would have bought for him then. Probably would've been made from the fur of some rare species of jungle cat.
He left work early when he realized he wouldn’t have a whole lot of time to get ready. He should freshen up a little bit, change clothes at least. When he made it home and was rifling through his closet, he stopped. What the hell was he doing?
Leaning against the wall of a shadowed corner of the bar, Sherlock scanned the crowd for a potential one night fling. Hopefully Jim would take the sexual activity for the distraction it was and leave him alone to more important things for a few days. Unfortunately, none of the occupants were even mildly stirring his interest for an encounter that would only last a few hours. The voluptuous redhead at the bar had spotted him earlier and was attempting to seek him out. But she was a bore, just regretting marrying early and hoping to seek as much attention from a handsome stranger as she had when she was single.
Sherlock, in order to hear that noise again, gently gnawed over the spot. And he bit even harder when John’s arse began to rub against Sherlock’s erection. John’s hands, still pinned under Sherlock’s, began scratching at the bed in order to regain some sense of stability. Breathy gasps and moans were muffled when John buried his face into the coarse mattress.
He brushed off the lingering dust, and gave a loud yawn at the lingering effects of lethargy. Something was nagging at the back of his mind, something important. John scratched his stomach, blinking blearily into the London night.
“Goodnight Sherlock,” John said as he climbed in beside him. There was a tense moment where he wondered if Sherlock would be able to discern the tension in his body if he tried to hold him close in their sleep. Sherlock made no moves to clutch him near, and for that he was grateful.
Despite the stupidity of the gesture, John turned his back as he walked out of the meadow. No claws tore at his flesh. There was just the sound of rushing wind and a deafening roar of rage and anguish. His heart broke a little more when he heard wings fly towards the mountaintops.
Through yet another revelation, despite the fact he’d nearly been killed over his family fortune, it seemed worse to John, that he’d somehow convinced the one originally hell bent on his death, into falling into ardor with him instead.
Tonight, John decided. He would do it tonight after everyone in the house had fallen asleep. It wasn’t as if he was permanently stealing the key, he was only going to borrow it for a short while. Just so he could eliminate the terrible assumptions twisting his heart to pulp.
Before John could answer, before he could even try to comfort his husband, a strange light entered Sherlock’s eyes. Without another word, he left the room. Dumbstruck, John stood there, wondering when his life had become such a bizarre ordeal.
“John,” her voice was as soft as dust carried by a breeze, but he could still make out her words, “my dear brother John. I am so sorry. I couldn’t protect you.”
deny me yourself. If you want a trade for some temporary and monitored freedom, or for someone's continued pathetic existence, then you offer a piece of yourself. Something creative. Something I want. Any attempt at a counter offer is an extremely stupid mistake. I hope you will learn that within the next six hours."
John rushed to say something before his actions could be interpreted as offensive, “I thought you didn’t care for courtships.”
Sherlock laughed. “We did make a mess of ourselves didn’t we?” Instead of it sounding like a complaint, Sherlock appeared immeasurably pleased by it.
John looked up from his cup. For the span of less than a moment, he could’ve sworn that he saw some emotion on Jim’s face that could not be named. He only knew it to be twisted and ugly. Then it was gone, and John told his hammering heart it was a shadow of the morning light.
John hastily tries to reassure him, "No, sir, I'm fine, really-" he completely ruins his attempt at comfort when he starts coughing again. The small, tidy room and surplus of bodies have heated the air, abrading John's throat. He clears it away, and opens eyes he didn't realize he'd closed. Holmes is kneeling right in front of him.
about those answers. Each turn of the page seems to reveal more aggressive red splotches, until his test is practically bleeding with crosses of ink. This is worse than he imagined. And he had imagined it being pretty damn bad.
John’s spirits were quite lifted. Sherlock saw the change in mood, and tension leeched from him. “Oh, thank the Lord,” Sherlock sincerely said as he set his book on the nightstand, “there’s the good-natured John I know, not the stranger flinching at shadows.”
It’s the best food he’s ever tasted. He swallows that thought with all of the ease of drinking petroleum, and continues eating.
He would have worried if John could even here him past his daze, but John's eyes opened in realization and he looked at Sherlock in shock. Sherlock continued talking without letting up on his speed or his grip. "That's right John. I want you to beg. Ask me to let you come and I will. Or I can stop right now." He did stop then to demonstrate, and John couldn't hold back the small groan. His hips twitched of their own accord, attempting to get back the last needed bit of friction.
John clenches his jaw. Furious blue stares into impassive ice, before John sighs through his teeth. Without preamble, John shucks his trousers down enough to rest past the curve of his buttocks. He leans forward on the arm rest, both arms tucked under his head. Sherlock has easy access to him now, and John is concentrating incredibly hard on keeping that little tidbit out of his mind.
He turns the stove on, facing the gargoyle once again, and pulls a face at the frown the gargoyle sports,
His eyes skimmed over each tallied box and scribbled piece of medical jargon. ‘Blood around lips, teeth cracked from blunt trauma, vomit crusted at various stages down the throat and sides of face. Bruising under chin and across stomach. Cause of Expiration: excessive whiskey consumption.’
Sherlock goes back to looking angry, and his hands clench painfully on John's shoulders. ""What about her?"
The turn to the last page makes him reel with anxiety. There, written all over his blank lines in large letters are the words "SEE ME AFTER CLASS."
“Ah,” Sherlock said with a false tone of realization, “or is it that I’m deviating from the usual placement?”
John turns, and his breath catches. Sherlock looks stunning. His suit is of a slimmer fit, and a deep wine red with a white shirt underneath. The buttons are black, and he's forgone the tie. Out of the both of them, John is the one with more accessories. Though maybe it's because Sherlock doesn't need that much to attract attention when he walks into a room. When they first met, there had been a magnetism even before all of the mystery that had trapped John like a fly in honey. Sherlock fills the space he's in, leaving no room for anyone else. He sneers and eviscerates with words and action anything that challenges the supreme mastery he has over everyone he's come in contact with.
Sherlock slowly licked up and down John’s shaft. It swelled underneath Sherlock’s tongue, twitching when Sherlock gripped the base to lick the underside. As he continued to tease, John’s moans grew from pleasured to desperate.
Preferably by making sure that Sherlock Holmes and his whole fucking "Evil Lair" burn to the ground.
He's putting away the beans when he hears "What happened?", directly behind him. John jolts around. It still gets to him how utterly silent the bastard can be. Sherlock stands incredibly close in his dressing gown, t-shirt and boxers. His gaze roams over John's figure, deducing the days' events. He sees how he'd dawdled in the park with his lunch, how insufferable the cashier was being, how long John had to stand out in the rain before finally getting a cab. What he doesn't see is what happened in front of Tesco's, before John had practically dove into the car.
Gary ducked his head and scuffed the ground with his shoe. He mumbled something, and the leader barked, “Speak the fuck up.”
He finished his lunch and wondered what he was going to do today. He was sure that whatever he’d dropped onto the carpet was long swept away by now. Going back for the keys was also out of the question, since he didn’t doubt Moriarty had locked the study, and had hidden the keys in a different spot.
As Sherlock manipulated his spit slick hand, John couldn’t help but remark, “We’ll overtax my clothes this way.”
"Oh! Sherly dear!" Jim plastered his hands to his face, concern in his beetle eyes, "Don't fret! That's why I helped you!" Jim came around the desk, and enveloped Sherlock in a tight hug.
John finally turned around at that, and cupped Sherlock’s angular cheek in his hand as he said, “There’s nothing wrong with your character.”
The action brings Sherlock back to when he'd imprisoned John inside of the box. He had fed him, watered him, bathed him with his own hands. John was wholly his to take care of. John was completely under his control. Just as he should be. Although, the small opening in the casket hadn't offered the lovely sight before him now.
He would have known, he would have recognized it. He would have put a stop to it if he had any idea. Then John remembered how he had felt like an automaton for months. He had been living a half-life. Going to work, coming home to a wife he didn’t talk to, watching a movie that featured highly unrealistic exciting adventures, and then hopefully going to sleep before he could even try and ask for intimacy.
Jim didn’t move, so Sherlock was forced to step over his legs. He gave Moriarty an annoyed glance before turning pleading eyes onto John. He looked so beseechingly concerned. John had a pulsating red-smeared thought to stab those cold-colored eyes out of their sockets.
Sherlock chuckles at the sight of John’s restrained tears. He lets go, watching John rock back down. There’s a spastic twitching in John’s abdominal muscles that tells him John badly wants to curl inwards in an instinct of feeble protection.
John feels Sherlock’s fingers pinch the back of the knot to keep him from moving his head too much, while he sees the free hand reach for something in the top of the closet. Sherlock pulls down what he was looking for, and dangles the black leather cuffs in John’s peripheral vision. He’s just letting them swing there, giving John ample time to fight back.
John tried to put his phone away, and realized Sherlock was still holding onto his wrist. John tugged pointedly, and Sherlock’s eyes shot down. “Oh, sorry,” Sherlock let go immediately.
Jim’s fingers traced over the shape of John’s sweaty face. It was hard to discern if John twitched in pleasure, revulsion, or the leeching poison coursing through his veins.
“You came out here to console me out of your own free will. There is no stronger evidence you could have presented me that suggests your capacity for sympathy.”
“Remember what I said John,” he murmurs against it, listening to John’s shuddering breathing, “only while you’re in pain.”
John’s words morphed into a surprised moan. One second Sherlock’s fingers pulled out with careful efficiency, and the next he could feel the head of Sherlock’s dick pressing against his hole.
What strikes him the most is not how used he feels, or the decorations of teeth and whip marks across his body. It’s how satisfied he looks.
Most of it is just stories. A few forward-thinking witches and their supporters work to undermine those pop culture references. Articles upon articles about why it is harmful to view all types of witches (even necromancers and blood-whisperers) as destined to become bent crones, mad wizards, or manipulating temptresses.
“It doesn’t! I mean, it has a deeper meaning than my earlier suggestion. ‘Intimate’ implies two lovers, it’s more than positive companionship. So you should be fully aware that what you’re implying is-”
“I hate it when you use metaphors on me. Stop trying to speak doubles, I don’t have the patience for it today.”
The stiff line of Sherlock’s shoulders eased as he nodded. “Of course I do. Just as you are aware that the sentiment is quite mutual.” It was his turn to pull John’s hand close and place reverent kisses upon it as a worshipper does to his idol made flesh. “I imagine that your continued exhaustion and soreness has to do with the unfortunate fact that your sleep was far from peaceful. You were thrashing about quite often.”
“It’s a cop!” One of them yelled. John briefly considered trying to use that to his advantage, but it was dashed by Snow’s voice yelling, “Get the both of them! Fucking go go go!”
John tried not to laugh, as a teenager making jokes about their drug addiction was not on. But he was glad he hadn’t sipped before he started to chuckle. It turned into a full laugh when he saw the face Sherlock made when he tried his wine.
“Right then,” Mary said with all of the steely resolve of a weapon, “since we’re apparently just living in the same house, ignoring one another, I think I’ll sleep upstairs tonight.”
The ache of that knowledge startled him. When had he started relying on Sherlock to provide him so much happiness?
He sees the woman being dragged into an alley across the street. Unbidden, a growl works its way up John's throat. He works his way back, and glides to the other street thanks to a lucky updraft. He lands a little more silently this time, granting him the element of surprise.
“Finished just in time too,” Sherlock said as he looked at a clock on the wall. “We don’t want to be too late for the next part.”
John dropped the hand like it burned, and stepped away immediately. Disgust boiled in his stomach, while horror turned his mind blank. A hundred different versions of “I’m so sorry” crowded his mouth in an attempt to flee all at once.
Gone were the dreadful taunts to come play. Instead it became a chorus of begging to “Let us out, let us out, let us out!” Under the cacophonous din was John’s own thoughts, which wildly suggested that he should open the door. But that wasn’t possible, as Jim and Sherlock kept it locked as a matter of safety. It was just as impossible as unseen voices and relentless furrowing.
John was so startled that he let go of the cloth and stepped back. Sherlock, with all of the fluid grace of a cat, sat up and removed it from his face.
While Sherlock was absolutely pleased at this little mark, John was not. His pleasured gasp had quickly turned to a confused and then an outraged cry. His hands shot down to Sherlock’s dark curls in an effort to pull him away.
"My name's Mary, what's yours?" The question brings his thoughts to a halt, and he hopes Mary can't see the abject panic in his eyes.
“Even if we do get tired,” Jim said, “there’s always the next night. And the following, and the one after, and so on.”
“The satisfaction of your efforts? Home cooked meals taste better?” John lists, trying to politely talk around each act of chewing and swallowing. He isn’t childish enough to talk with his mouth full, and doing anything else besides relishing his meal feels blasphemous.
“A step in the right direction,” John prompted, “since I haven’t been asked like a normal person. Maybe I actually have no idea what you’re talking about.” He nearly tapped his foot in expectation, but decided that would be overdoing it. He wasn’t this boy’s father, he reminded himself. He was just a concerned neighbor, who was helping when it was clearly needed.
John sighed, but didn’t press it. In a way, Sherlock had a point. Besides, the idea of trying to get Sherlock to behave like a ‘normal’ teenager seemed…stifling somehow.
John’s heart rate sped from its worryingly slow pace. The world began to spin again, and John was left dazed at its whirl. That had been—that wasn’t—how was he supposed to--.
A low-resolution photograph slid out. It was grainy, clearly taken at a great distance in relation to John’s house, with the zoom at its maximum. Sherlock’s back was to the camera, but it was clearly him, just based on his height and hair. John was the focus of the photo. Clad only in a sheet wrapped around his waist, giving an indiscernible look to the teenager at his door.
Slowly, John opens his eyes, staring at the hungry silver so close to his stormy blues. Sherlock drinks it all down, invites John's tongue into playing. John moves his tongue slowly, creeping into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's pupils are blown wide, but John's not sure if that's the light. Sherlock sucks at John's tongue, gently nipping down at the same time.
Sherlock was already achingly hard, and had been since he had pushed the serf onto the bed. This had to be the longest he had drawn out his own pleasure, when most of his dalliances had been quick fumblings towards a mutual goal. But he found that forestalling himself held its own merits, such as watching the boy become a messy and sweaty heap. Sherlock noticed John had started to curl in on himself, as if he was preparing to sleep.
“Impatient,” Sherlock chastised as he laid his body flush against John’s. Finally, the craving of their skin was being satisfied.
Sherlock frown at that. And John dissolves into hopeless giggles at Sherlock’s frustration at his references to the impossible. He doesn’t normally get to slip in silly little things like that. His life is hardly one for humor.
“Right, I forgot, mandatory bodily demands are beneath you,” John dryly says. He takes a sip of his champagne to prevent himself from saying something else.
The paper rustled in Sherlock’s hand as he suddenly busied himself with smoothing out its creases. He carefully watched each fold, and didn’t look at John as he said, “You know, you don’t have to try and protect me all the time.”
John’s being shifted gently onto his back. He does cry out in protest at that, unable to help himself. His arm prickles with fire, with his back and shoulders strained into stiff cords of muscle. Glancing down, John can see the slowly blooming purple spots from the riding crop along his torso. Combined with Sherlock’s tight grip, bite marks, and whatever in God’s name has been done to his shoulder, he’s going to be quite the picture in a few hours.
Sherlock's eyes flicker with recognition. "Ah, Angelo. I was unaware that you were released from prison."
When he turns toward where his brothers and sisters were resting, his howl is of anguish. There, in the piles of rubble are the faces of his brethren, smashed and cut down to pieces when they were at their most vulnerable.
But John catches the look of mirth in Sherlock's eyes and frowns anyway. "If you weren't barking mad enough to carve a hole in your own ceiling, this wouldn't be happening," he hisses.
“John!” Mary hugged him tightly before letting go. “Where have you been? Janine said she went into Sherlock’s room to check on you both but you were gone! The police were called! I thought you were--”
It’s a short distance to the bed and Sherlock practically tosses John face first onto the sheets. John takes in great gulps of air, feeling every mark rub against the bedding, and doesn’t pay much attention to Sherlock’s actions until there’s a slick finger pressing inside of him.
“Earlier,” John explains, “you said that these sorts of evenings include dancing. Where did you get that idea?”
"I am sorry about this John, what it's led to," John's momentarily confused about what exactly he means before he keeps going "you shouldn't ever bring yourself harm for what we do John. There's nothing to be ashamed of."
John fills the kettle with water and prepares some toast. He can't help the occasional glance over his shoulder, but Sherlock isn't paying attention to him. He makes a few notes on a pad of paper beside him, and cuts up something crystalline onto a slide. John knows he's the only one who's achingly tense from all of the unspoken things hanging in the air. Sherlock, as usual, just ignores it. When it's ready, John habitually places a second cup of steeping tea beside Sherlock's arm. He sits down across from him, and picks up yesterday's paper. His eyes can hardly process a sentence. Idly, he thinks that he just burned his tongue on his tea, but he barely even has a sense of taste right now anyway.
“Exactly how many times have you stuck your fat nose where it doesn’t belong? How many ‘endings’ have you Foreseen, Mycroft?” Sherlock took a step forward to push Mycroft out of his house. Down the stairs, if need be.
The dragon’s scales appeared black at first glance, but every reflection of the sun revealed an indigo shimmer. The long serpentine body slithered across the ground. Sinewy legs ending in black talons crushed any obstacle.
John lifted his cup in a small salute and said, “Well then, cheers.” He sipped at the concoction. Just because he trusted Jim that it wouldn’t be harmful didn’t guarantee it would be palatable. Surprisingly, it was a lovely flavor. It shared the same earthiness of dark teas, but it was overshadowed with gentle flowery notes. Without asking, John knew his tea had been sweetened by Sherlock before he’d poured the liquid, but he doubted the drink even needed the sugar.
John chuckled, “Believe me, I know by now that you’re resourceful.” He shut the boot of the car and waited until they pulled out of the lot before he asked the question that had been plaguing his mind.
“I saw Jim enter in a code. I spied on him, after I suspected your duplicity,” the lie fell naturally enough from John’s tongue that he thought himself safe.
"If you don't compromise with me, I'll do what you've been trying to prevent this whole time. I'll break down."
“It’s a shame you can’t see yourself,” Sherlock says as he circles John, “you’re remarkable like this. It’s unfortunate that a camera wouldn’t capture everything organically, and even I would find a room filled with mirrors gaudy.”
“No, just mine,” John ground out. He was still irritated at being manipulated to show off his basic training to a lying little brat, but John came here for a reason, and he was going to see it out.
Apparently the two had planned to confront and drag him back alone, for there were no servants waiting to ambush him on the other side. The glass in his foot continued to stab at him as he ran. He could not continue like this.
“Yes,” he nodded, “is that how you found out all of that stuff about me from before? From something I’d said?”
Her face pinched, “Alright, I suppose that’s fair. Fine, we both walk on eggshells around each other lately. But anytime I try and talk to you, it’s like you’re somewhere else. What’s going on?”
The urge to know crested through him. He carefully placed every paper back in their proper position, hoping any mistake could be attributed to random mixing from moving the documents naturally.
"There isn't much I can offer you that you already can't achieve or steal on your own, except of course, for the true communications to the Egyptian resistance." Sherlock leaned forward in his chair, touching his fingertips together. This was proving to be a compelling conversation.
John utters a small thanks, and heads over. It's even tinier on the inside. Installed shelves are full of paperwork, and there's a computer that looks like it would be able to survive a nuclear holocaust. An old land-line phone is next to it, and John quickly dials 999.
John tried as hard as he could, but the memories after speaking with Jim were either clouded or missing entirely. He couldn’t remember if he’d consumed anything before his loss of time. Worse still, he couldn’t recall what had happened between oblivion and now.
“You…did?” John felt like he could have slapped the kid, and he wouldn’t look more surprised than he did now.
“The fact that he’s petrified of the possibility that you will leave him, should you attend college, is my immediate inference.”
John’s eyes narrowed, “Why? Did you actually talk to him or did you just expect he would be fine with it?”
“What? No!” John surged upward, but a wave of dizziness felled him more effectively than Sherlock’s firm hand on his shoulder. “You can’t! I just—I need it in order to-”
“Honestly, I would prefer satin rope, much less abrasive. You don’t want that obvious of a mark if we do--”
But despite Sherlock's questioning and frequent bribery, his Network has absolutely no report on a massively muscled and clawed figure. That doesn't really surprise him. He would've been consulted to deal with the actual monster if anyone had sighted it.
They both raised glasses of liquid amber. Sherlock said, “Something a bit stronger for us John. To symbolize our commitment to a stronger relationship.”
The boy stopped toweling off his face to look at John with a raised eyebrow, “Did you forget your own assumption that I gave them as much, if not worse, of a beating as they gave me? Besides, the anticipation of them getting into trouble will keep them occupied for at least several weeks, before their dull minds catch on that I haven’t told anyone anything.”
His mind glided over his dream, unable to recall the details. After he realized whatever he’d seen had been nothing more than a figment, he collapsed back onto the bed. He tossed the soaked sheets away from his body, disgusted at his own mind for reducing him back to a childish fear of his own bedding.
The surprise covering his face is not entirely fake, and he eases his outward stress somewhat while making a ghost of a smile. Mycroft's henchman is getting out of his car, clearly alarmed that the target is walking off with his stalker. John's eyes fixate on him and he grits out "Is that him?" Sherlock can tell John wants to confront him, maybe even shoot him, but that will take up time. They need to go now.
So they were stuck in a bleak limbo, both of them knowing that their marriage was fixable. That if only they could pinpoint the issue, and deal with it like adults, they’d both be stronger for it.
Either way, this is a fairly textbook demonstration of initiating Stockholm Syndrome. Not that John has been suffering daily torture, but he doesn’t need to. The myriad of scars along his body say that he doesn’t need to endure something constantly for it to have a lasting impression.
Any further conversation is cut short when sirens are suddenly blaring and several policeman rush into the alley. There's a brief rush of angry confusion since John's the one with the gun, but a brief explanation from John and Sherlock has Pickner being led away in an ambulance with a sergeant in the back. Sherlock and John are waiting in the alley, ready to give statements to the police. A chime comes from Sherlock's pocket, it's a text from Jim.
He realized what Jim was trying to ask about without obviously prying and gave him a wan smile, “Sherlock and I reached a compromise this morning. He’s penning out the summons for a tutor as we speak.”
The man shrugs and eats some of his food, "Basically come here whenever I can't sleep. Helps me calm down. Had an inkling I was meant to be here tonight. Call it a sixth sense." John raises a dubious eyebrow, but doesn't comment.
"Sh-Sherlock," John tries it out, and he loves the way the name resonates in the room, "aren't you, um, uncomfortable?" Both men blink in surprise. Oh, of course. Of course John's first concern is that his crush should be enjoying himself. Sherlock chuckles, while Jim watches with a small grin.
“And I would prefer it if you called me Sherlock, when we’re alone. The need for formalities in this situation is a bit awkward, don’t you think?” Sherlock chuckled against John’s neck when he heard the boy snort. This quickly turned to a groan when Sherlock nibbled at the taut skin. He squeezed the juncture of John’s wrists, and removed his grip.
“I think you will agree to my rather lax and generous terms, before I leave this office to depart for the next train, Doctor Watson.”
John’s heart froze, “Why do you ask?” Sherlock couldn’t possibly know his intentions already, could he? John had only just found out about his feelings. Had Sherlock known as soon as John had knocked on the door?
“John,” the doctor steadfastly ignored the relief that surged through him at hearing his name again, “I am already old enough to make decisions for myself. I live on my own, I’ve made hefty mistakes that most don’t come back from, I can see and understand this world and all of its complex mysteries with minimal effort. Why do you think I can’t be trusted to know my own feelings?”
Sherlock’s aimlessly trailing hands all over his body don’t help the excruciating tease. He skims his hands over John’s skin, mapping the fluttering muscles and measuring the rapid beats of his heart. He occasionally flicks over a nipple, or even strokes his cock, but he never gives enough to tip John over the edge.
"I think..." God, this is simultaneously the most ridiculous and terrifying thing he's ever done, "I think we need to talk." John looks at Sherlock from the mirror, then turns around to face him fully. He supports himself with his hands on the sink, his knees still feeling like water. The lights had been turned on in the bathroom when Sherlock had followed after John, and the fluorescent glow throws sharp shadows on the man's cheek bones. The comparison to a skull is not helpful to John right now.
“Believe me, you don’t want to know anyone from that town. When they’re not frightfully dull they’re exceedingly nosy. Just stay with me for the night and we can-”
John shrugged at him, “Call it an eccentricity of my being human, I suppose. People are only bare with one another if they’re…intimate.”
The thought of the metal reaching so far down, touching him in a place never meant to be stroked, sends John careening over the edge.
Sherlock is satisfied that this has worked as an effective deterrent. It’s almost a shame he can’t use it every time John does something annoying.
John knows better than to turn his head away, so he tries to close his eyes instead. That doesn’t last very long when Sherlock suddenly grips his neck.
his life now. Getting everything out in the open just left a sour taste in both of their mouths, since there was fuck all they could do about it.
“Well, as always, Sherlock, I am grateful at your thorough foresight,” John said as he promptly wiped himself down.
Sherlock’s preparation of his body felt close to glacially slow. John writhed on the sheets, knowing the man loved it when he saw John lost in abandon. He refused to hurry, the long fingers stroking inside of him until John was mad with need.
He needed to retreat and recuperate. If he did see the logical explanation with his own eyes, he’d either collapse from shame or scream his frustration to the heavens. John required time to gather his wits before they scattered like dandelion seeds beset by the wind.
The sound is almost dripping in lubricant and semen, and Sherlock fights the impulse to lick it clean. The habit of exploring every area of John with his tongue apparently doesn’t stop with the visible. The undeniable truth that curbs this strong compulsion is that the lube will taste revolting.
Sherlock blinked, and then scoffed, “I knew we’d make it out of there. I just wanted to give you something exciting to do. It would be a shame if you came out all this way for nothing.”
Every excuse, from forgery, to believing he was somehow exempt from these cruel machinations, was transparently frail. Somehow, he had the courage, or perhaps a macabre curiosity, to carry on.
John sighs, and sinks onto his roof in dejection. It's not like he wishes anything bad to happen, but the nightmare has been replaying in his head no matter how many times he tries to ignore it. He just wants to take out some of this helpless frustration on
"John," he hears his name uttered in warning, but he doesn't pay it any heed. He needs to keep the pain away. He needs to-
“I’m here for your sugar. Do keep up Dr. Watson.” Sherlock found the tub where they stored the loose sugar, and pulled out a glass beaker from a pocket inside of his ridiculously long coat. He began measuring the crystals, completely ignoring John’s increasingly irritated state.
John continued to pull at the length of chain he had. His feet slid along the bottom of the bed pit. He leaned back with all of his weight, but not once did Sherlock relinquish his hold.
“Mr. Watson,” Lestrade’s carefully neutral voice called to him. John turned around and nearly flinched at the look of pity on his face. “Perhaps we should discuss this within the house.”
John blinked, and looked around. The teenagers had all been handcuffed and driven to holding. The officers who hadn’t been in those cars had left with their chief to go bring in the ringleader. Hopefully, before he received word of his little gang’s mishap.
So he simply waits. He’s gifted with more patience than his mother or Mycroft ever thought to acknowledge. Eventually even nature gives way to his stubbornness.
Sherlock doesn’t draw attention to it. Alerting anyone, including John, about his unguarded feelings is a sure way to get John to repress them. So he pretends he doesn’t see it.
John cradles his head in his hands, clenching his hair in small tufts. How many times will his world be tipped on its axis around this man? How many times will he end up questioning who he is? He jumps when he feels a long, cold hand rest on his shoulder.
So John told her as he heated up leftovers. By the end of it, he hoped he sounded proud of a young student rather than awestruck.
Something cracked in John’s chest. It felt like the sort of unpleasant honesty that came with informing a family their loved one had died in surgery.
For while his skin feels taught enough to split, it’s tingling with electrical oversensitivity. His desperation feeds into his need until the two become inextricably linked, until John can’t tell the difference between shame and want.
Of course that does nothing, but he does it again anyway. Still he can feel it spreading, turning his veins to rivers of magma. The rub over his nipples and groin are no longer adequate distractions. There is nothing but fire. He licks his lips, bringing no respite to the chapped skin. Distantly, he remembers the thing lodged inside of him, and clenches down. But that offers nothing as well. He's stuck.
Sherlock has left the bathroom area. He softly closes the door behind him so John won't hear himself being locked in. He goes over to the entrance of his bedrooms, and allows the two minions to enter his rooms. Without question or dalliance, they set to work cleaning and sterilizing the box with the cleaning supplies they have brought. Sherlock's night vision is superior, so they have to work with special goggles. Absolute darkness is absolutely crucial at this stage.
. With a shuddering jerk and a tiny cry, he spills himself into his boxers. There's a heavy stillness while John breathes his way back to sensibility. Jim licks the love bite adoringly. There's going to be a very vivid bruise right on the top of his shoulder come morning. Jim should ask John to take a picture and send it to his phone.
Before John could ask why on earth he would want to be so far from the only thing capable of getting them back into town, he followed Sherlocks’ gaze and looked into the sky.
“Ugh, that Sherlock talks too much,” Moriarty complained. “You caught me fair and square though. I was quite shaken when I’d heard you’d fainted. We’ve only just become friends after all. It would hardly be fair of the world to deprive us of our new founded intimacy.”
“I understand how you must perceive this situation,” Jim continued, “and I cannot imagine your confusion and fear. But I can assure you, all you held was the result of one of our experiments, dried for testing its properties against a fresh plant, nothing more. It is only ever intended for ingestion by our laboratory rodents. Never a human specimen.”
For minutes, John waits for the other shoe to drop. But it doesn't come. Sherlock just keeps scratching his pen over the paper, and humming at intervals. John nearly jolts out of his chair when Sherlock asks, "Can you pick up several varieties of biros when you go out?"
Slowly, John got to know the other eccentric resident of the Baker estate. He hadn’t realized until Jim continued to talk to him how little he had known about the man. Soon they had become unlikely friends. Jim was even a pseudo-tutor to John’s medical studies.
So where could the attacker have gone? Sherlock dashes back into the alley. No fire escapes, no footholds he could have tried to climb up but-ah!
It wasn’t until later that evening, when all three of them were eating dinner, that the matter was finally resolved. Sherlock and Jim had been quiet, and John wasn’t sure how to break the tension. His husband’s words still rang in his ears. Until he could think of some way to overcome this obstacle, he was going to stay out of it.
As he presses the code to open the magnetically sealed door, he finds that the answer was only difficult in its simplicity. He will just have John Watson fall in love with him. John already finds Sherlock sexually attractive, and was perfectly willing to step into the line of fire in order to protect him. After this, Sherlock wryly thinks, it will certainly take a bit of time to gain back his trust. But it was there at one point, so that's something to work with.
The stale stench of tobacco ash hangs in the air. His laptop is located on the only clean surface. Newspaper clippings are tacked onto a board he hung above the mantle. This has been stabbed through with a knife that was attempting to disembowel the snide telegrams from Mycroft about his inability to keep a flatmate as well as a few red lettered bill notices.
“I’ve just moved here yesterday,” Sherlock said it as if it should have been obvious. And perhaps it would have been to him.
He still has his original plan in mind, but he's not exactly jumping at the chance to try and seduce Sherlock or show him affection of any kind. Besides, if he is too obvious about it, Sherlock is going to see right through it. And John really doesn't like to think about what that might mean if he was caught trying to trick him.
, but John can't stop now. John bends, resting his hands on his knees for a tiny moment. He hears the tires screech to a halt, and the man shouting for him.
“Well, I only wanted to stop by to say hello. I try to do that with all of my tables. At least the ones that wouldn’t mind some brief company. Quite a few of the tables are already ‘friendly’ enough without my being there.” The wink was back again, and John was very glad that the place was dark enough that his blush could be blamed on reflective lighting.
He fisted his hands to avoid wrapping them around the man’s throat. “I anticipate, that following the same steps that I made in discovering your foul deeds, will emphasize why I was driven to my actions against you. Since you seem determined to discredit them as wild and violent ravings.”
John shoved Moriarty away with his free hand. The raised voices and the use of violence galvanized him to act, and destroyed any compunction he had about abusing Jim in such a manner.
Mr. Snow tutted, “See, this is where we run into some issues. Because I’m having a hard time believing, even if you’re only half as smart as Gary implies, that you couldn’t find another supplier elsewhere.”
It’s always strange to John when they don’t use restraints. There’s the underlying implication that he won’t strangle Sherlock in the middle of it. Which, for reasons too tangled for him to unravel, he knows is true.
“Surprisingly, I didn’t fall apart into an inconsolable Victorian heroine just because you weren’t there today.”
Sherlock could feel his release cresting over him, lost in the haze of his own arousal. He watched John’s features twist in pleasure that was almost too much for his body to understand. Sherlock licked a trail up the Omega’s cheek, following the line of a freshly fallen tear. He felt the boy spasming again, and new that his release was close. Sherlock’s own need came to the forefront of his mind. He had succeeded in reducing this previously proud farm hand into a desperate and whining mess. The thought sent a jolt of dark arousal down his spine.
John’s skin bulged and rippled with their multitudes. They became his muscles, his organs, his blood, until he was a constantly shifting mass of pink and ropey flesh. He couldn’t withstand their presence anymore, so he opened his eyes.
“Visions,” Sherlock repeated blandly. The distanced tone embarrassed John almost more than outright derision. At least then his troubles would be worth the consideration for scorn.
“Perhaps not in the dimwitted ones, no. But a man who cares deeply enough about his sibling’s death, who is so companionable that he finds isolation up in his dreary manor unbearable, and confronts villains with nary a thought of his own safety until well after the fact, I imagine he’d have quite a few ghosts lurking about in his thoughts.”
Sherlock grinned. So, either Mycroft still couldn't locate his headquarters, or, the much more likely route, his brother found his security as impeccable as always. They certainly had the motivation to be at their very best when it came to their bosses' place of work. Sherlock and Jim both had made the last incident an example of what happened to those who tried to seek employment elsewhere. The spy and the incompetents who had let him slip by had been begging for death by the end.
John stops his jogging, dead in the center of the room. He's staring at the door, waiting for someone to come through. Sherlock, more than likely, or a guard with a non-lethal but extremely painful taser.
When John sees the large black box on the bed, he's not even wary. Wariness implies having something left to be afraid of, but he does feel a cautious curiosity. He sets the medical journal that he'd been reading on the night stand, and goes to inspect.
John couldn’t even muster a slight tinge of remorse when he kicked the downed man hard in the groin. The knife wielder regained his wits, but not enough of them to give him much sense, as he tried to jump over the whimpering man to get at John.
drugs. Sherlock was the only one who looked like he was. I’d heard the principal was planning to expel him for it.”
Normally his privacy isn't a problem, but she's been making a habit of checking up on him recently. The drag between cases always makes her worry that he'll end up putting a hole through something. Again.
When he's staring the hard flesh in the face, John mindlessly leans toward it. In the back of his mind is a little voice, chanting about how bad of an idea this is. There's no protection, this is his first time, he's going to do it to a man nearly twice his age, with his goddamn crush fingering him into oblivion. But when Sherlock expertly adds a third finger, John abandons thought, and takes Jim into his mouth.
"It must be your stunning personality that Anderson finds attractive. It's obviously not your brains he's after. Unless stupidity is drawn to stupidity."
He knows he's failed somehow when Sherlock laughs at him and pulls him to his feet. Sherlock is leading John, almost entirely supporting his weight, though he doesn't seem to mind. Distantly, John thinks Sherlock must be wearing really really expensive cologne to smell this good. That thought dies a violent and fiery death. To make up for it, John attempts to move out of Sherlock's hold again, but is easily stopped.
Like being pricked with a needle, John recalled fever and a weakness so thorough his limbs became useless hunks of flesh and bone. The rest was clouded with obscurity. But he’d been incapacitated, possibly even delirious.
Their murder was done on a massive scale, with someone you previously trusted. Clearly, your most vulnerable state is between when you’re stone and when you’re flesh. Given on how long it took you to notice me standing behind you, even with superior senses, your sense of instinct and reaction is dulled considerably in this time frame. So a someone, or more likely several some ones as it would take a large group to take you all down at once and wasting time proving themselves would eat up valuable collaborating, literally and metaphorically stabbed you in the back. You trusted these people with the information you gave them about your kin, and they exploited it for a doubtlessly pointless reason.
So that meant he would have to talk it out. They would have to come to an understanding and try to move on.
Lestrade explained all of this while Sherlock slammed the door to his room. He dressed hastily, hanging on to everything Lestrade was saying and filing away the important bits.
Sherlock shakily stood up, and followed Snow into the office. The two goons were told to wait outside, which clearly infuriated Gary. He kept his mouth shut.
"This, Sherlock, is the second choice I warned you about. Johnny's not even thinking about killing himself, but I recognize the look in his eyes. He's considering another option. Something separate from seducing you. And he knows he can't escape on his own, so he has to stop himself from falling for you in some other way. The seed of suggestion was already in his head, and it would have grown into an idea sooner or later. I'm helping you, Sherly darling." Jim's voice was soft, placating.
“And who are you?” Jim asked. It was hard to tell if he was being condescending, as his voice and expression spoke of neutrality, but his eyes betrayed a glimmer of irritation to John.
“Fucking Christ,” John muttered to himself. He was going over the logistics of sleeping in separate bedrooms. They hadn’t even talked about it, and he was already making preparations.
John nods, and bites into an impossibly soft roll. He jumps in his seat when he hears a knock on the front door. Angelo scoots back in his seat muttering, "That'd be the coppers then. You finish up, I'll go get them." John nods, words of unending gratitude caught in his mouth. He raises the fork to his lips.
A sudden memory. Close, too close, dark, everything black. Need to get out. Need air. Dirty, broken nails scraping repeatedly against steel. The noise, unbearable, spurs him on until his hands are near to bloody.
John only knew that whatever Sherlock had planned would prevent him from leaving the mountain permanently. With the remembered sensation of fangs grazing his legs, John reached for the lip of the cave’s ceiling.
They morphed like wet clay, no one looking exactly alike in the clusters spilling from the crimson vines. Their voices rose as one tinny chorus, “It is better than going back.”
John felt the rush of the fight linger in his system, so he paced a few times to soothe his heightened nerves. It was lucky that his husband shouted his name before approaching, for if he’d been any closer John would have struck him in surprise.
Sherlock places a grounding hand on his shoulder, and John breathes again. This time, Sherlock does help to guide him back into the cage. Each step is slow and careful, and eventually, after much wincing and soft gasps, John is lying again on his back. John waits for the door to shut, ready to be thrust back into his mind again. But nothing happens. There is no clang of steel, and John begins to get fidgety.
Sherlock pulls the sound out one painstaking centimeter at a time. John’s almost sobbing from oversensitivity, and the sound curls deliciously through Sherlock’s veins. When it’s finally out of him, John groans in relief like he’s been pulled back from death.
Sherlock glanced down at his moving hand, loving the way John's flesh hardened increasingly in his grip. Sherlock took the time to notice that he was grinding against John's side. His erection was pressed uncomfortably between his pants zipper and the nylon, but he didn't move to release himself. Right now, John was more important.
The entire time, Sherlock maintained eye contact. It was as if their gazes were linked together with tiny but unbreakable chains.
John expected Sherlock to be sitting up if not standing, fully dressed and ready to finish whatever he started. Seeing him prone, pale, and unresponsive, aside from the steady beeping of the monitor, crashed the exuberant expectation John had been riding.
He’d been on the brink before John had tried to foolishly relieve himself, so it doesn’t take much before Sherlock is back at the edge. It doesn’t help matters that John is undulating onto his cock and away from his hand.
And the stillness makes John realize what he just did. And it drenches him like being submerged in icy water.
,” said the boy with a great amount of disdain, “and I imagine that their reluctance to come forward has to do more with the fact that I fought back, rather than the slight possibility of this hopeless staff actually doing anything useful.”
Sherlock felt a wicked impulse flash through him, and he was hardly one to ignore such feelings. Smiling impishly, Sherlock bit down. Certainly not enough to draw blood, but as he sucked at the bite, a bright pink mark rose to the surface of John’s golden skin. Experience let Sherlock know that it would darken to a noticeable purple.
But random acts of murder and blood ritual as a sign of affection would go unappreciated by John Watson. More than likely it would inspire revulsion.
With one last push, the toy sits firmly inside of John. He waits, expecting more to enter him. But despite the wide expanse of the toy, John doesn't feel any stimulation to his prostate. He clenches mindlessly, and his breath comes out in a stutter. The muscle is stretched to full capacity, but its just a weight. There's nothing there that even hints that he'll receive pleasure from this. John squirms from side to side, attempting to slide the thing further or dislodge it. But it stays firmly put. His penis is still sensitive from earlier, and his rubbing is slightly chafing. John hisses at the pain, and feels the dangerous heat return to his backside. When he flexes again, the heat abates, but reminds him that he's dreadfully aroused and empty.
John couldn’t trust any of the servants to aid him. He had to get to the village to seek shelter, and to possibly find a policeman. He needed a horse.
The woman sluggishly turns to the man gripping her shoulder and slurs "Johnny!" while tripping into his hold. She wraps her arms around him, bringing him a little off balance. She's not much taller than the stranger, but just enough that he has to step back a little bit to accommodate her leg span. A close friend or sibling then, if he's willing to drag her well inebriated arse out of a pub at close to two in the morning.
Holmes tucks the last of the papers away and says, "Mr. Moriarty is here per his request. It was his idea that you should be allowed a make-up, and his only stipulation was that he should be present and allowed to participate in your, studies." He says the last word carefully, and John looks at him. He's sure it's the lighting, because any trace of it is gone, but he could've sworn that Mr. Holmes was sporting a smirk half a second ago.
Sherlock flopped down into his seat, not bothering to look over the menu. Minutes passed in tense silence, both brothers waiting for the other to start speaking. Everything was always a contest between the two of them. The wait staff were practically beside themselves, too cowed to approach the table. They could feel the unspoken challenge permeate the air around the pair. Sherlock drummed his fingers across the tabletop, sighing and flickering his eyes over the window. The ice in the water glasses clinked delicately. Mycroft's last snap of the watch was the final straw.
John kept his curse to a mutter, and started taking off in the same direction. This drew the attention of several teenagers.
John hesitated. He was willing to give this up, but clearly Sherlock thought it was for reasons more chivalrous than intended. John said, “Why not? You’re the only one who’s ever going to see me again.”
Sherlock noticed John was trying to present himself, and smirked at the futile effort. He added another finger, grinning at John’s soft gasps. The wetness was beginning to drip onto the bed in fat globs, making a damp puddle. Sherlock slowly scissored the muscle, knowing that youth and inexperience would make John tighter than usual.
Feeling strangely scrutinized John went, “Uh, well.” John leaned back a little bit, to see if there really was anything else that could be taken from this besides the fact that the teenager still hadn’t said what happened to his attacker, or why he was attacked in the first place.
But that didn't make much sense either. If this was a terrorist cell, they had way too many resources to be wasted on one broken army doctor. John hadn't even been assigned particularly confidential cases, and any information about his division would be either old news or changed by now. So John had no idea where he was or even why he was here. And his nose itched. Wonderful. John cursed his luck while valiantly avoiding the dark thoughts of what could possibly come next if he didn't have a discernible use. As if on cue, his door slid open to reveal Sherlock in all of his long trench-coat and dark curls glory.
“Fuck,” John moaned. He tugged his wrists, but Sherlock’s grip remained strong. All he could do was shift his hips encouragingly into Sherlock’s palm.
Sherlock, despite the fact that he remained as giddy as when he had dismissed a police officer, was clearly fighting sleep. John was too. So they kept each other awake with recounts of what they’d thought of the other during the escapade.
He snorts, and takes another greedy swallow of his tea before answering, “And Sherlock is any better?”
But there's no bed, no nook for personal artifacts. He spots a strangely shaped pile from the darkest corner, and goes to inspect. And it's a heap of...rocks.
“Actually,” Sherlock said, “I was hoping you would join Jim and I for an evening drink. Since the matter is settled, as you put it, I believe it’s cause for celebration to the end of our dispute.”
Then Sherlock's caging him in with hands on either side, and he concentrates on not flinching away. With slow hands, Sherlock maps out John's hips. He presses his thumbs into the protruding bones, scratches lightly over the delicate skin. He's not looking at John, just watching his hands. When a fingernail digs a little too deeply, Sherlock expects the flinch, but nothing else happens. John doesn't make a sound. Sherlock looks back at his face, eyebrows raised in inquiry and surprise. John is pushing at Sherlock's arms, but he's still not making any noise.
He sighed deeply, and collapsed back onto the pillows, “You are, as always, right. I don’t imagine that I ever entertained the thought of them being more than nightmares. I simply…wanted a reason for their existence besides my own weakness.”
John didn’t think there had been a dream, but there was an unsettling sensation of wriggling that refused to leave his body. He finally caught the last of Sherlock’s words and looked up in apprehension, “What do you mean?”
He should be near John now. Should be able to lick and catalog those tears at leisure, to either restrict their flow or induce more. But he can't. This is as much a punishment for him as it is for John.
“You’ve had your chance to speak Mr. Watson,” Lestrade reasoned, “regrettably I must extend the same courtesy to these men, regardless if they deserve it.”
"Sherlock!" Lestrade barked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, but didn't say anything else. The Inspector sighed, pinching his brow and waving in the direction of the alley.
For a moment, John nearly grimaced. Clearly his husband thought him ‘cured’ of any suspicions of his or Moriarty’s person. While John wished for that to be true, doubts still tainted the regard he held for his husband and friend. It sickened him to have them, but they remained all the same.
When John looked back at Sherlock, it took him a moment to remember that he was only acting. The change in Sherlock’s demeanor was astounding. He was unsure, timid, and desperate. His arms were crossed in a defensive posture, there was a faint tremor that occasionally shook through his whole body, and he seemed too exhausted to lift his feet from the floor.
"I'm afraid that the contents of the bag will have to remain a mystery for another time John. I had a whole evening planned, but I got a little carried away." Sherlock actually does look contrite that it hadn't gone the way he'd thought it would. Oh well, he'll always have opportunities now, won't he?
John’s heart raced as he dared to hope that he could gather some clue to his own mind’s machinations. Perhaps he’d even dreamt of Harry again, but he just couldn’t recall it.
John floundered, “I don’t know, talk to him? Help him with moving? See if I could request my death to look like a heroic and painless one?”
The benefit of going against a group that thought themselves clever, was that they had no reason to worry about a plan backfiring. None of them noticed as Sherlock stood in the doorway. The benefit of going against cruel people, was that they tended to take their time.
The area was home to dozens of plants. Neatly arranged and lined, they were clearly marked with neat penmanship at the front of each plant box with their Latin name. John recognized foxglove, death cap, and hemlock, but a few were unfamiliar. He eliminated a few of the unknowns due to having seen them in pictures, even if he couldn’t recall the name. One stood out from the rest.
“Then I hope you have ones that are practically surreal from now on,” Mary said.  John laughed at that, and it made something warm unfold in Mary’s heart as much as John’s, going by her expression.
He picks up again, going back to his natural rhythm of deduction. John is hypnotized by the cadence of Sherlock’s voice as he says, “You’ve had multiple dealings with criminals, well, thugs really. And you’ve left them incapacitated or maimed whenever you deal with them. You do this mainly to intimidate and deter others from doing the same, though it also does a marvelous job of discrediting anything the brute has to say. Some may believe in a rogue boxing champion gone vigilante, but only the desperate or insane will trust the story of a winged assailant.
London was a city that was practically made for Sherlock. A place that he could map inside and out and still be surprised by it. Which would be something that John would love to be a part of.
John stamped that thought down when Sherlock turned to look at him. There, in Sherlock’s bright eyes, was the need for approval. After everything they’d been through, after all that Sherlock had accomplished, he sought out John’s praise.
Jim raised an eyebrow. Then his face slid into one of practiced placidity. “…Boxing injury. Of course. Have a seat Johnny, wouldn’t want you to strain yourself.”
“I know that sounds pointless,” Sherlock continues, “I’ve told you already that I’m aware I bring you…discomfort. But pushing my preferences on this seemed heavy handed. I know I take away enough of your choices, so I thought it would be best if I left this small thing up to you.”
John blinked in confusion, before he realized that the boy wanted to know what else John could make of his wounds.
John felt so unsure of himself that if he had not been leaning against the wall, he was sure he would have lost his footing and slid to the floor.
Who's to say Sherlock would still have that kind of access? Maybe he's relying on John's fear of being 'boxed up' again to even bother to check.
Jim scoffed, “Give it until the ground thaws, then we’ll see if Sherlock still holds a grudge. But he’s correct. And doing something hazardous, when we’ve narrowly avoided a more thorough investigation, would be imprudent. No, this works to everyone’s satisfaction.”
John huffed, and tried to see if he could thrust himself upwards to spite him. All he managed was an ineffectual wiggle that only intensified his desire. John’s head hit his pillow, and he murmured curses at any deity who had gifted him both such a wonderful and maddening man.
Sherlock makes as noncommittal a noise as possible. John would be cross with him for not mentioning the doomed blonde woman.
dim sum that I purchased from another store. They’re also slightly cheaper than the one you frequent, and it won't give you acid reflux either. You should switch.”
John’s mind is alight with the chances of his refusal being a trap. But then a part of him, the quiet part that’s been growing since their easy conversation started, asks why he would consider refusing in the first place.
He uses his fingers to wipe it up and press it back into his mouth. Now that the shock is gone, his hunger has come roaring back. Even though John had never really noticed it in the first place. Too busy on hearing not-really-there bombshells he supposes.
“To heal your wound, regain the strength and skin you lost from your…expedition outside, and to prolong your life.”
"I think so, but I've never really had a good look at him. He might just be alarmed that you're barely dressed." He cracks at the end of the sentence, a sign that his humor is failing to comfort him and that he only wants this all to be over. "Please, John, can we go?" It should be hard to appear pathetic, as tall and intimidating as he usually is, but he's finding that motivation is a powerful tool.
John realized his mistake too late. He replayed the words in his head, and found that his voice had been weighted with longing.
Sherlock snorted, “Please, as if I would have left such an obvious trail if I was disposing of a murder.”
As it turned out, if you have a tremor in your left hand and a cane in the other, it didn’t matter how good your references were. For a while they tried to keep their perfect apartment in London, but eventually they couldn’t stretch their wallets any farther.
“I-I recognize it,” she said, “this is baneberry. It is poisonous,” she allowed, “but it wouldn’t cause the symptoms Mr. Watson described. If it was found in a tea, he-he would have been dead already.” Molly glanced up, and immediately turned her face away from John’s expression.
“Never mind,” John said as he tried to move away. Sherlock continued to hold onto him. John said, “It’s pointless because you don’t…” for some reason, he was having a hard time saying the words aloud.
He would have to rephrase some things, but that was his only option. Ultimately though, it would be Sherlock’s decision. He could very well decide that he never wanted to see John again. Which he would respect to the best of his abilities. It would gut him, but he would do it.
Sherlock sneers the last word, and that snaps John out of the sinking haze Sherlock's speech has inspired. The casual mocking of the only good man that he's met in days makes John do something he hasn't done since he was a child. He spits in Sherlock's face.
It was well past dusk outside of his glass haven, but the candle lanterns he’d set up offered enough illumination. With the smell of wet earth, snapped greenery, and flickering warm light, he began to hope that he was swaying back towards calm.
The man doesn't let up from his attention on John's nipples. He reaches his hands down to John's wrapped thighs, and grips. Sherlock thrusts, matching John's aborted movements. John keens in his throat, and his hands move from Sherlock's shoulders to his dark curls. He tangles his fingers in the dark hair, and shouts when Sherlock bites down.
“It’ll be good,” Mary had said as they did everything but wave goodbye to that beautiful and disgusting city, “fresh air and new people. It’ll be good for us.”
Mary looked dubious, but she saw that he was only partially joking so she nodded. “Okay, but at the first sign of consciousness you’re going to tell me everything. I’m not even going to look at the news before you give me the full story.”
"No. I am not a ghost chaser Lestrade. I hunt criminals. I seek facts. Not whispers that are better suited for the fears of a child and the front page of
Sherlock can feel every muscle stiffen underneath him, and how the pulse in John’s skin jumps beneath his teeth. He grinds harder.
Tiny doubt still lurks in the back of his mind, and the threat of John biting down sends a shock of thrill down his spine. But John doesn't bite down. He opens his mouth wider, letting Sherlock have as much access as he wants. And that's better. That's so much
John doesn't have time to catch his breath. He hears the car halt, and the sound of a door being slammed. Great. John certainly can't outrun him in this state. So he backs himself up against the wall, hiding in the deepest shadow. He winces when his heel steps on something sharp.
The blooming sting on his cheek doesn’t hurt nearly as much as the stab to his pride. John’s nostrils flare as he breathes deeply, and he curtly nods his head once.
Panic made John hasty, “Yes, I mean, no, sorry. We went to see a movie afterward, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
John looked up to see a great beast skimming over the treetops. He rolled into the underbrush and laid flat to avoid detection.
John reached his hand up to Sherlock’s. Gently, he pulled the teen’s hand away to free himself. John counted to three, and let go.
He saw gloved hands tighten around the handle of the umbrella. Mycroft still hadn’t stepped inside of the door. Sherlock stopped abruptly.
John couldn’t hear himself anymore, and he didn’t have the ability to be self-conscious about the noises if he could. All he could feel was hot and tingling jolts, which slowly transformed to feeling slick and wet.
He turned back around to catch a quick flash of interest and surprise on the boy’s face before he was asked, “What makes you think that I didn’t instigate?”
But he didn’t want that. He genuinely didn’t. He liked Sherlock, enjoyed speaking with him. He liked the easy way they could talk about everything, or even sit in comfortable silence with each other’s company. The thought of giving that up pulled at something vital behind his sternum.
John heard sirens closing in. “That’s—that’s great then! You can go to the police with that and they’ll--”
Later, even he would be uncertain to his true motives. Perhaps he was fearful of what Sherlock would do if this strange fixation was left untempered. Maybe he was sick of wearing dresses at the behest of a giant firedrake. Or, quite possibly, he wanted to comfort Sherlock in his moment of distress.
Defiance and fear wage an equal battle in his chest. His jaw barely clenches before Sherlock continues talking.
Sherlock hummed nonchalantly, but he was smiling. The paper was no longer being twisted in between his hands.
He's ready to pull him out with thoughts of bleeding and possible infection running through his mind. But the gargoyle just quickly shifts his weight forward before he can topple down and pulls his foot out of the hole. He's on the landing with Sherlock, but he quickly whips back around, nearly hitting Sherlock with his tail in the process.
No. That was entirely...Sherlock looked back over to the camera. Ignoring the looks, Sherlock strode back and forth in front of it. Predictably, the camera followed his every move.
John thinks that the reverence will stop there, but he's quickly proven wrong once again when Sherlock brings his raw wrist to that lush mouth. With a tentative lick, Sherlock tastes the lingering salt and slight copper taste. He's roughly reminded of the bite mark John still has on his shoulder. It's all he can do not to bite down to give a matching one on the tender skin.
He jumps across, and the impact shakes the foundation of the building he lands on. The boarded up windows could mean it's empty, or just occupied by people that don't have access to phones. He hopes it's the former, he doesn't need people coming out to inspect all of the ruckus.
It’s the way Sherlock jerks in surprise that reminds John that, once again, he’s initiated. His mind takes a sudden spiral downward, and the pleasant contentment quickly turns sour. John pulls his arms away, about to step back, when Sherlock’s hand wraps around the back of skull.
They get close to the box, still on its back. John can smell that it's been thoroughly cleaned, which is a relief from something he forgot to be worried about. He moves to put his foot in without being asked, but Sherlock stops him. Hope springs into his throat, but it dies when a blindfold is slipped over his eyes. John's more than a little confused, it's not like he can even see a hand in front of his face.
"I'll be passing them around now, and if you have any opinions about your grade, I suggest you keep them to yourself." John hears the shuffling of papers, followed by groans of dismay and sighs of relief. With each step closer, John slumps further in his seat. When he sees Holmes' shiny shoes beside his desk, John squeezes his eyes shut. The paper is placed, and his teacher moves on. John opens his eyes, his heart in his throat. The paper is placed face down, and John slowly brings it over to him. He wishes Holmes had just left it face up, and let him get it over with.
Sherlock delighted in the fear that played through John's eyes. Having John scared may not be a strategic move, but he needed John to know what was going to happen. That any attempt to escape would be fruitless. John needed to know how deeply obsessive and dedicated Sherlock was. This way John could learn to accept it, and perhaps, if things went accordingly, even appreciate it.
The boy was practically undone. Any more stimulation, and he would either come again or be driven to the brink of sanity.
John sighed as he felt his anger evaporate. Sometimes John forgot just how new and foreign such feelings must be to a dragon. “I do enjoy your company Sherlock, and I care for you a great deal. But we have lives and experiences outside of each other,” he placed his free hand over Sherlock’s and the dragon flinched but didn’t release him.
But Sherlock knew that John was not one to take an oath of fealty lightly; especially if it meant execution and constant shame for his sister if he did. That would make things incredibly easier, even if John did not like it.
His wife was beaming by the end, so he thought he succeeded. “He sounds brilliant! And our new neighbor too, I had no idea. I haven’t even seen so much as a moving van these past few days.”
Sherlock hears John tread down the steps, heading straight for the kitchen to make an afternoon cuppa. It’s John’s day off, and he’s forced to spend it indoors with the maelstrom raging outside.
John wondered if Sherlock’s hand felt colder too. That seemed an odd question to ask, so he didn’t say anything.
John stumbles forward, and catches himself on the tiled wall in front of him. Sherlock spreads himself across John's back, his lips brushing his ear. Grunts and exhalations of air are the only indication John gets that he's even really enjoying himself. Sherlock humps him a few more times, then comes in his trousers with a tight, "John."
Warmed by drink and close bodies, the outside was not as bitter as it had been. The winds had died down, and gentle snow coated the streets and obscured all footsteps. Including the tracks of his carriage, which was nowhere to be found.
“Moriarty is referring to the fact that I knew about the string of violent robbers that had been happening in the town. I apologize, John. I didn’t inform you because I didn’t want to frighten you needlessly. Apparently, I need not have worried about your safety.”
"God," John whispers, and it's barely heard past the splash of water. Up and down, Sherlock tightens his grip at the base, then loosens over the head. The water quickly wipes away any precome that emerges, but that doesn't stop Sherlock's fingers from trying to spread it across his shaft. John shifts, feeling his orgasm quickly rise from possible days without human contact.
“I cannot believe your audacity,” John chided as he slid back into bed. Sherlock’s arm came up to tug him close.
John shakes his head. He can't articulate why he doesn't want new clothes. But the explanation slugs through his drugged mind. The pajamas were the only thing he had to remind him of his previous life. A boring life it might have been, but it was his. He was free. And Sherlock is going to take away the only link he had to that. His thoughts are dragged back to his current situation, when Sherlock delicately runs his fingers across his scar.
Sherlock studies this new development like he studies all things about John Watson. Obsessively. Sherlock doesn't even realize that he's reached forward until his fingers are tracing the wrinkles on John's face. It fully hits him then. John's here, completely helpless and pliant, and Sherlock can do whatever he wants. With renewed fervor, he traces the many creases in John's face. He traces the crows feet with care, and the laugh and frown lines feel like veins of gold in human skin.
Out loud, the words were absurd and horrifying. It wasn’t as if he had been hiding from the truth, but saying it solidified it. Made it a tangible slime that clung to his skin. It also prickled at the back of his neck, like he could feel Sherlock’s fingers trailing through his hair.
John slowly seeped out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding. Sherlock looked at him oddly, like he had done something unexpected.
“If that is what would make my husband more comfortable, I would purchase all of the Queen’s horses,” Sherlock tightly said with transparent sincerity.
John forcefully uncurled his hands. He refused to give in to those thoughts, otherwise it would never stop.
His husband. His mind stretched and molded the word to its limits. He could feel it become hollow rather than hallowed. He’d been deceived, seduced, and had lost his only surviving kin, all for the sake of his family’s inheritance. It became clear that it didn’t matter which of the duo had killed his sister. He’d been lying in a bed of snakes regardless.
And sure enough, just when John feels like he’s cresting into an orgasm, Sherlock takes his hand away. John doesn’t even groan in protest. But he does release a breath of frustration while his head falls back against the wall. John moves his fingers to test their mobility, and everything seems to be working fine. But if he’s pulled back down to rest his weight on his arms; John gives it less than an hour before he’ll have to remind Sherlock about circulation.
John had nothing to say that didn’t sound like saccharine drivel. He was also, stupidly and weirdly, focused on the revelation that Sherlock was gay.
John attempts to seize the opportunity, wrenching a wrist free and reaching underneath his body to try and give himself a quick tug.
John thinks about crisp suits and sweet champagne, about easy laughter and simple affection. He knows it comes with a price, he knows this. He’s certainly been overcharged on his pound of flesh, and Sherlock will never be done with him.
“Surely there must be something here. You can’t have gone over the entire town in just one day and deemed it unworthy,” John wryly said.
"Something the matter, John?" His fingers twist again, and John loses all of the air in his lungs. "Is there something bothering you?" He leans down to lavish his attention on John's neck, not letting up on the his hand's torturous pulls.
"I've found someone Jim, I just thought you should know that I absolutely won't be bothered for work until I call you first." There's stunned silence at the end and Sherlock pulls away with a grimace when an ear-piercing shriek of delight is heard through the phone. "Sherly-pie! I'm so happy for you! Oh, when do I get to meet the pet?"
hand committing the perversions is it? Come on Sherlock,” he pressed himself so deeply inside of John that the edges of his hipbones rested flush against his backside, “he’s practically keening for it. Are you really going to deny your precious John the thorough debasement he so clearly craves?”
But there were only rumors. Frustrating, impossible rumors that grew more and more fantastical the more he asked about it. According to several 'accounts', the creature ranged from a vampire, to a werewolf, to a good-hearted demon, to a fallen angel, to a bloody
When he's done, he stands up, feeling even stiffer than he was before. His nerves are fighting amongst themselves, trying to tell him which part of him hurts more. John leans onto the sink, and breathes a few times. The Voice is gone for now, and John is always grateful for small mercies. He washes the blood from his knuckles, then moves to the scratches on his body.
It tastes no different from others, perhaps a bit cleaner than army showers could allow. With the blindfold on, he can't tell if it's the largest cock he's had to swallow. He does know that it rests heavily against his tongue. Thanks to the stretching of the gag his lips are unable to wrap around it. Nonetheless, he gags from the intrusion. The result is an amass of spit that leaks from the sides of his mouth.
His annoyance was swiftly overtaken by concern. If there was no innocuous reason for his departure, then there was the possibility that he hadn’t left of his own volition. Suddenly the air seemed to cut through the lingering warmth of the ale.
“You’re also quite keen to protect him under any circumstances. You may find this hard to believe, but most people are willing to throw themselves in front of a bullet for someone, before ever allowing their personal scandals into the daylight. Yet you were prepared to do both. As long as it meant Sherlock could lead a normal life. Well, normal by his standards.”
Sherlock bit hard at the swell of John’s backside and stroked John’s stiff prick in the same instant. John’s fists clenched so hard his nails bit into his calloused palms, and he came with a high whine that he was unsuccessful in stifling.
“I guess that depends on where we’re going,” John said. “Knowing you, I wouldn’t put it past you to suddenly have us eating dinner atop Mount Everest somehow.”
“Sherlock,” he entreated when the boy made no move to acknowledge his slow shuffle into the kitchen, “What are you doing here? And why are you in my kitchen?”
He found a group of about a dozen teenagers lounging about on pilfered or salvaged furniture. Some were playing a card game, others were having a quiet conversation while drinking some terrible beer, and a couple were standing next to what had to be at least one hundred ounces of cocaine, all of it was neatly packaged in white bricks on a table.
He jerked up in his seat, torn from his paperwork to look at his assistant’s wide eyes. She backed up quickly saying, “Sorry! Sorry! Didn’t mean to startle you!”
“I’m not trying to parent you, Sherlock, I’m trying to look out for you,” John said in frustration. “You clearly haven’t been sleeping, I doubt that what you’ve eaten, if anything, has been good for you, and you refuse to tell me the cause of it. You’re running yourself ragged, and you won’t even tell me why. You won’t even give me a chance to help you.”
What must it be like, to see that compact and lethal frame finally allowed to stretch and expand to his full capacity? It must be beautiful.
Sherlock looks sharply at him, this isn't a humorous scene in the movie. What with the grossly unrealistic decapitation with a machete. (Sherlock would know, he's tried.)
Thank you all for being so patient with me! There are no words to describe what your encouragement means to me. :) I hope you enjoy! I didn't even realize the last sentence for this chapter was the last sentence until it had been written. It was a weird feeling of relief and befuddlement.
After that it’s more tedium. Sherlock has to add rose hips to John’s tea when he isn’t looking, rub pink quartz over John’s clothes when he’s out, and sprinkle cinnamon over his food. Of course these things by themselves wouldn’t work, so Sherlock has to whisper and weave intent to each and every ingredient every single time. If he closes his eyes he can see the runes of ‘attachment’, ‘affection’, and ‘desire’ burning in purpose behind his eyelids.
Sherlock scoffed, “Even with your support of my claims, they still wouldn’t take me seriously. And then, once they did, it would be too late and the culprits would have gotten rid of everything. No, it’s better as a two-person job. Catch them in the act. Filming is optimal, which reminds me.” He pulled out John’s phone.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice broke through the tirade, and stopped John from turning the paper into shredded confetti.
He stood up from the table. John was startled from reading the paper, but Sherlock didn’t offer an explanation as he strode towards the bathroom.
"Oh, if you think for one second that we are going back to that cesspool you are sorely mistaken. We're leaving. Now." Sherlock grips him painfully by the wrist before John has a chance to protest. Sherlock unlocks the door and suddenly he's being hauled through a crowd of people. He doesn't fight him, not now. Causing a scene here will only make things worse. But his indignant anger is still present, even though John knows it will hardly help him at this point. He follows Sherlock closely, almost in step with his pace. This is hard to do considering the man is probably part giraffe. Any lagging on his part will hardly endear him to his captor.
“An undercover addict, that’s how he infiltrated their ranks, correct?” He didn’t wait for John’s confirmation, “It was, I am afraid, less of an act and more of a performed memory.”
Disgust at himself wracked through John’s consciousness. What was he thinking? Was he seriously contemplating breaking into a dangerous zone again, fleeing his own home, demanding answers from a doubtlessly overworked woman, to even considering injuring the love of his life, and all to satisfy his desperation for a truth that might not even exist?
. Oh God what does this mean? Is Mr. Holmes going to get fired? Is he going to be expelled? His parents will never forgive him. Mr. Holmes will be branded as a sex offender. Oh God, John can't feel his limbs.
John didn’t waste his breath on a retort. He stomped hard on his captor’s instep, and rolled the man forward when he keeled from the pain. The man holding the dagger stepped back to avoid stabbing his accomplice. John took advantage of his hesitation.
“You didn’t,” John reminded him, leaning into the touch. He brought up a hand to cover Sherlock’s and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “It would take more than a few ruffians to lay me low.”
Sherlock was so infuriated by John’s answer that he bellowed a stream of fire up above them. The stifling heat caused John to turn his face away. With the ends of the flames still licking the corners of Sherlock’s mouth, he picked John up again and tossed him back onto the bed.
Jim gave a sharp whistle twice from his much more comfortable chair. Immediately, Seb stopped and stepped back from the heaving mass of meat. He turned and faced them, hands crossed and held in front of his body, waiting for further instruction. His head was bowed, simply because he had not been given permission to raise it.
wanted to melt your wedding rings and paint the molten metal across your fingers. Apparently that was ‘too severe’.”
"Oh," Sherlock interrupts, "you mean this?" He pulls out a small recorder from one of his numerous pockets, and hits a button.
“No, no,” Sherlock reassured. His gaze moved the floor, and the paper was being wrung between his hands. “It’s just that you seemed determined to look after my well-being. I’m just reminding you that I’m perfectly capable of watching out for myself.”
“So, how did you survive freak? I heard some people posted videos of you getting wheeled away into an ambulance.”
“I was just,” John struggled to find the right words, “he didn’t need an accusation like that marring his future. I thought you were blackmailing me, and by extension, him. Of course I was defensive!”
Sherlock maneuvers a hand between their stomachs while he still tries to regain his breath. He wraps a hand around John’s pulsing length, squeezing and stroking in practiced motions.
There was a confusing flurry of grasping hands on his arms, back, and pelvis. Then a cock was sliding into him and several voices echoed their pleasure from the walls. Sherlock’s hand gripped the back of John’s neck to keep him steady. Jim’s fingers were reslicked before they carefully edged around the pulsating length filling John’s hole.
John couldn’t help but scoff at that, “What could you possibly mean? Sherlock doesn’t need me here to survive.”
"I've already told you John, I do own you. And you are going to learn that lesson by tonight, or this punishment will continue until you do." John almost can't process the words, but the hand pulls away as soon as Sherlock's done with his declaration.
Next time, he told himself as he opened his door. Surely next time, when he wasn’t running into things half-cocked, he could—
“Okay, stop here,” Sherlock said. The area was no different from the endless stretch of pasture that they had already passed. “Now open up your boot,” he instructed.
John sighed and accepted the call. “I literally don’t care who you were talking to, this is important.”
“I never said,” Sherlock looked like he was already bored with this conversation, half-heartedly answering while he stared out the window of the passenger’s seat.
John couldn’t possibly go about this through honest means. Even though he wanted to with every increment of his being. But if Jim and Sherlock had been so dismissive to the idea that the drink had been to blame for his illness, then God only knew what they’d say if John tried to accuse them of feeding him poison.
“You seriously aren’t going to do anything? I’m,” John swallowed down his pride. What good had it ever done him anyway? “I’m asking for your help, Mycroft.”
“I’m going to bloody well kill him,” Sherlock promised while he shook the paper in the air. Molly held a hand up to her chest, possibly to be sure she still possessed a heartbeat.
John’s breathing hitched. He clutched Sherlock’s bicep to steady himself. He felt the movements of Sherlock’s muscles as he worked him to completion, and that sensation carved spiraling patterns of lust under his skin.
“Sherlock’s here,” John interrupted. Which didn’t seem fair. He hadn’t even gone through the trouble of coming up with a good excuse. At least Mary was trying.
Sherlock held back a smirk. What a delightfully innocent presentation of a very suggestive question. “In a way, yes,” Sherlock answered.
As he realized he could lose the use of his leg, like a fairytale blessing revoked, the loss of everything else came crashing over him too. No more fun and interesting conversations during lunch. No more late night texts to his phone asking for some bizarre ingredient to an even stranger experiment. He wouldn’t know when Sherlock had gotten into another argument with one of his teachers, or when he had scathingly deduced every dirty secret of a snide student. The sense of purpose and belonging that John had settled into over such a short time was now gone.
"Really," Sherlock sneers and it churns John's stomach all over again to see the sheer amount of hatred on that face, "so it's not that you're stupid enough to try and leave me,
A warm feeling blooms in Sherlock’s chest that has nothing at all to do with the tea. He’s about to say something that is sure to place his foot firmly inside of his mouth, but the gargoyle speaks first.
John clenched his eyes shut and waited for the swiftly approaching climax to rip him asunder. It happened when both cocks aligned perfectly, and pressed against his pleasure spot in an upwards thrust. John couldn’t be sure in the aftershocks, but he thought he’d heard himself choking on his own saliva.
Sherlock blinks at him, “Studies have shown that an air of mystery heightens the experience and positively draws out the surprise.”
"You've only just met me, you know I'm a dangerous, supernatural creature and you want to invite me back to your flat? I don't even know your name. Or where you live, for that matter."
The lamp only illuminates the bed, showing that the covers are an impersonal, bleached white. The light doesn't even span the whole length of the mattress. John could probably roll several times and still not fall off. Why the hell would you make a bed this big in the first place? The side suddenly dips, and John tenses.
John gets lost in the motion, and he's too exhausted to even pretend like he doesn't find it comforting. Like it isn't something he's been craving ever since his shower. With the tears still soaking his pillow, he falls back to sleep.
Sherlock watched John, who was watching such a report. The woman’s birthdate placed her at no older than fifty. Yet the photo displayed a withered hag, wrinkles that had become deep crags morphed their way into a hideous frown at the camera. The whites of her sclera were dyed a sickly yellow around the edges, and her iris had become nearly nonexistent behind milky cataracts.
He continued to laugh for a long, long time. And eventually, Sherlock joined him as well. When they had managed to compress it down into giggles, the officer they’d spoken with before strode back to them, along with someone who had the demanding presence that belonged to a superior officer.
He’d barely had time to register the abrupt change before he was being picked up and carried back to the bed. He was gently placed on the fabrics, which was completely at odds with the heated and random murmurs coming from above him.
The shock of it has John leaning back against his chair in surprise. Too close. Oh God, this is way too close. From this distance, John can make out the stray dark curls flying away from his teacher's head. He viciously tamps down the impulse to reach out his hand and smooth them down.
“Oh,” Mary said. John couldn’t tell if she was disappointed. Maybe she was just disinterested. He wasn’t sure if he was capable of caring at this point, and he hated himself a little more for that thought.
In a fit of petulant defiance, John goes over to the unbolted steel chair in the room, and turns it to face the corner. He sits down, broadcasting his intentions for the evening. The only light is coming from the television, displaying shifting shadows over his cell walls. He's forced to admit that the noises of violence from the movie are a nice change from the monotonous sound of his own breathing. He's watched the movie enough times to know when the half hour mark rolls around. At this point, he does actually want to watch the movie. And his back is hurting from the unyielding position of the chair.
“I also see,” John sighed in frustration, “well, I don’t precisely see anything. They’re more like glimpses or a strong feeling. Skeletal creatures, swirling masses of blackness, and…heat.” John fidgeted, hoping he wasn’t blushing. Having described such gruesome images, he felt that alluding to the strange bouts of arousal indicated a depravity far uglier than anything John had seen.
“If you can’t hold still, I’ll tie your hands to the bed and leave you here,” Sherlock says in the same tone that asks John to pass the sugar.
Sherlock barely raps the flap of the leather against John’s sternum, but his whole body twitches like he’s touched a live wire. Sherlock smirks, watching John’s tongue flutter underneath the gag. A trail of drool escapes the side of his mouth, and John flushes red with embarrassment.
The sudden sensation of drifting reminds John of a story he'd heard in class. Of a woman nailed into a box with her bastard baby son, tossed into the sea to die. Not really a story to tell kids, now that he thinks about it. His own box is rocking steadily, and John thinks he can hear waves. In the back of his mind is the doctor and the soldier, telling him this is textbook sensory deprivation hallucinations. But he really doesn't care right now.
John rolled his eyes, but conceded the point. He didn’t share the derision Sherlock did, but he couldn’t see Sherlock in a police uniform issuing out speeding tickets or dragging drunks into a holding cell either.
Sherlock walks back, trailing the crop against the front of John’s chest. John’s nails dig into his palms in a futile attempt to calm himself. The slight pain still doesn’t stop his panicked breathing.
At first, John’s eyes opened to stare into their dark room. He said nothing. He reached up to one of the hands that cradled him, and pulled it up to his mouth. He kissed a pale wrist and said, “Every word of it.”
It's 20 x 25, but the absence of furniture makes it appear larger. There's a corner with a curtain that hides the toilet, as well as a tiny sink. Sherlock had debated with himself over the access to privacy, but decided to give John as much privilege as possible. There are no cameras in the bathroom area itself, but the ones in the room can see it easily. There is a small cage leaning up against the left wall that was Sherlock's other option for restraint. It's made to look like a dog kennel, but the proportions are too large for any dog, but small enough to have a human kneeling uncomfortably inside. The deadbolt on the door is also a bit excessive for any canine. Sherlock will have to remove that later, he doesn't want to scare John. At least, not yet.
Jim waggled his fingers at him as he strode from the office. "Go get him big boy! Have fun! I know I did!" Seb's eyes darkened from the memories.
“What did you go see?” Mary asked as she stood awkwardly in the living room. A lifetime ago, John wouldn’t have fathomed wanting to experience something new without her there to share it. Now she would never know what the stars looked like on a raised hill in the middle of nowhere.
Then Sherlock’s moving him again, but not towards the bed like John had assumed. Instead he’s maneuvered in front of the mirror, and is pushed down until he’s sitting cross-legged on the floor. He feels Sherlock join him, pressing up against his back. Sherlock’s legs splay out on either side of him, and John feels truly surrounded.
He woke up thrashing. The sheets were wrapped tight around his clammy skin. For a few panicked moments John thought he was still being suffocated by—by the--.
When his cock is close to half hard, the leather disappears. John’s body tenses so strenuously that he feels like he’ll snap in two.
But both men smile like John is a treat they're about to savor, and Sherlock leans in to say, "Not to worry John. The inexperience is actually rather endearing." That wasn't what he meant to talk about at all dammit!
“Did you read this? He remarks that as a child I was ‘reserved but polite’. Polite! I once made a woman cry into her cocktail when I was eight!”
They enter the cab, and it's John who gives the command to drive after Sherlock stutters out a fake address. His man knows where to go. The triumph washes over him slowly. He's done it. He's won. John is here. John is his. John takes his smile and relaxed posture as relief and tries to strike up conversation on their journey home. "So, any idea why a pompous git with an affinity for warehouses and riddles would send someone after you?"
It covered John’s mouth and nose before he could scream. His eyes grew heavy, his body begged for a respite never given, his mind was twisting itself into a Gordian knot, and beneath it all, John wondered how long he would last.
Jim stands up, exclaiming, "Oh, how silly of us Sherlock," John startles again when he realizes he just heard Mr. Holmes' name for the first time, "Johnny needs some water. You take a breather, I'll be right back." He's out the door in an instant, and John's somewhat startled from the sudden departure. He leans back in the chair, and raises a hand to his throat and rubs. Now that he's stopped, his voice feels close to raw. He wonders if he'll be able to speak tomorrow.
John kept playing Sherlock’s story about Trevor over and over again in his head. While he was proud and glad Sherlock had decided to open up to him about such a vulnerable time in his life, he also felt strangely uneasy about Sherlock’s weird line of questioning.
“Of course not,” Mycroft said like the very idea was preposterous, “a spy would require payment. And you want nothing to do with my money, isn’t that correct?”
There, the spacing found on the corpse matches the deep gouges on the wall. With something like awe, Sherlock touches the marks.
Suddenly, the whole door to his prison was opened. Central air cooled the sweat on his skin, and made the warmth of his piss all the more pronounced. It was still incredibly dark. Before he could react, John felt a pair of hands pull him gently but quickly from his cage. He could feel the combination of his own fluids run down his back to his calves as he stood up. John couldn't hold back the whimper of shame at this.
John can practically hear Sherlock smirking when he says "You see? I told you this would be pleasurable for you." John clenches his jaw hard against his retort. It takes a monumental amount of self control to stop the keening in his throat when Sherlock adds a second finger. Sherlock is still stroking him, and John feels so hard he could burst. He feels the stirrings of an orgasm, still a long way off, but imminent. If he's quiet, John greedily thinks, maybe he can climax before Sherlock can notice. Sherlock stops stroking his cock, and he thinks that Sherlock's just bored with genital stimulation. But when the cock ring slides over his erection, firmly squeezing the base, John nearly weeps.
But to John, in that instant, Sherlock was moving to place him back in the box. All because John hasn't responded to him. So John replies to Sherlock's answer. He's still got self-preservation left, then. Because John
Everyone had looked a little green of course. But when it became clear that the victim hadn’t been sedated or given anesthetic, the second student couldn’t even make it to the bin.
Sherlock grins at him, “Precisely. What better way to bring excitement to an outing than prolonging a feeling of foreboding?” The worst bit is that John can’t tell if he’s being serious or not.
Something scratched in a mad fervor in John’s chest, desperate for him to say something, anything that would stop the teenager from severing their ties. It was like a nightmare made real. He was moving too slow, he couldn’t think of the right words to say. He was watching the only thing he’d felt happy about in a long time walk out of his life.
“You should have asked first,” John said, “it’s been insane today, and I can’t guarantee I’m always available, but I’ll try to answer my phone from now on.” He hesitated, but knew it was only a matter of time before he conceded the next part anyway, “Tomorrow, after school, we’ll go and celebrate alone. I promise. Whatever you had planned.”
Movement out of the corner of John’s eye tore him away from the indigo sky. Sherlock was laying out the blanket and positioning the pillows. He flopped down onto his back and immediately recoiled. With a few choice words that John should have really discouraged him from using, Sherlock flipped the blanket back to chuck a tiny rock way across the other side of the hill.
He had seen that Jim’s cock-stand was shorter than Sherlock’s, but noticeably thicker. The man above him indulged in a sultry moan as he continued to press inside. The muscles of his thighs spasmed with the effort to move.
The condescending smile Jim had been wearing vanished from his face, “Honestly, that kind of idiocy can drive a man to unknown amounts of agitation.”
Sherlock picks the smallest of the metal rods from the assortment, while John holds back hysterical giggling at the fact that there’s a size comparison in metal sticks being shoved down his dick.
With a shout of anger and fear, John gripped the length that wrapped around in front of him. He lowered himself down and tried to walk backward. He could barely move. Even with his feet planted on the ground, Sherlock’s feeding of the chain into the created nook pulled him forward.
They walk down a little ways, and now that the panic attack has mostly subsided, John is left to fret over what Sherlock could possibly have in store. He has absolutely no idea where they are in the hospital, as the more familiar smells have faded away. He doesn't even know how many floors they've gone, or in which direction.
His phone rang before he could finish. John felt his nerves fray in entirely new ways. Fear nearly made him press the ignore button. But he had sought Mycroft out, and he was out of options.
She nodded at the door, “He’s in here. Last I saw he was pretty out of it so try not to disturb him too much. If you need me, my name is Janine.”
Without a word, Sherlock leaves the cell. John blinks, still prone on the couch. For a startled second, John has a massive urge to say goodbye. Thankfully, he's too stunned to speak. As the door clicks closed behind the man, John can suddenly feel all of the air returning in his room.
John felt those fingers twitch across his tongue. Jim, preoccupied as he was, still caught the movement. “Oh, are we feeling hesitant all of a sudden? That much worse when it’s your
When John wakes up again, he's a little more in control of himself. It's still dark in the room, but it's far from the oppressive black of his cage. He wonders if there are any windows in here, there's no escaping cracks of sunlight. Or maybe it's just night outside.
He reached the entrance to the greenhouse, and true to Sherlock’s word, the door was padlocked. He had no time to find the gardener and his keys, and then sort out which one of the dozens was the correct one. In his urgency and shock, John’s mind had become white. It was a blank canvas with striking splashes of blood red and deceitful black. Over and over, his discoveries blotted the simple purity of what he had once cherished. He needed to know. He needed to see.
A deep laugh rumbled against his chest. He felt a hot tongue travel across his collarbone. John shivered. This would mark the first time they’d been together since John had left home. The past few days had not been the best time to engage in heated bonding.
Then he remembered something important. “You do realize that the only reason we had to run in the first place is because you threw a temper tantrum though, right?”
Apparently, his appearance at his brother’s side was meant to waylay the rumors that there was unrest in the royal family. Vicious court gossip that the youngest of the Holmes’ line had plans to usurp the current ruler.
It’s when Sherlock is refilling John’s glass with water for a third time that suspicion finally takes root. So far, John’s entire afternoon had been uneventful, which usually meant that it was promising to be a rare ‘good’ day. But now, as the sun is setting into the golden glow of evening, John can feel dread creep its millipede legs up his back.
His pace picked up, faster and faster, until the words circled themselves endlessly as he tried to run through the heavy snow. ‘I need to see, I need to see, I need to see’.
His husband winced sympathetically, “Forgive me, I did not mean to imply that you conjured them on purpose, or that they are meant as an idle distraction. I only meant to suggest that they are nothing more than the manifestations of your stresses and worries John. You have been through much turmoil these past few days, more than most souls see in a life time. It is obvious that this is nothing more than ghastly mirages.”
His immediate excuse is that he’s not good at dancing. He never has been. He can remember being sure-footed on the rugby field in his youth, but once his feet were inside of dancing shoes he lost all sense of coordination. Another, more vehement reason is that he doesn’t want to be that close to Sherlock. Avoiding him is never possible, but at least this time he might actually have a choice of having the man wrapped around him. If Sherlock is telling the truth, then John can just go home and face what awaits him there.
The touch along his cock is teasing, never fully stroking him, just ghosting up and down his shaft. It's still more than enough for John, who was unable to touch himself in that box. How could he, when touching more of his own clammy skin made him want to vomit?
John had lost track of how many fingers were inside of him, and how long they had been thrusting in and out of him. All he could feel was slick and sensitized.
He stepped inside, trying to be mindful of the glass, but his eyes were focused on the locked door. John picked up the brick as he walked towards it. He bashed at the glass over and over, recalling large smiles, consoling words, and tender regards. This time, it only fell part way, and John made short work of the rest as he tried to stymie the blurring of his vision.
“It is only temporary my love,” Sherlock assured him with the gentlest and most patient of tones. “And your plants will be well tended to by the groundskeeper in the meantime. But until we can be assured that your condition has been improved, it is best to keep you from hurting yourself again.”
The house wasn’t much warmer than outside, but at least John wasn’t being coated in a film of water. He stomped on the floor, trying to get the circulation back in his toes.
He wolfed down the food, but when it came time to wash it down, he hesitated. The drink was in a decanter and not a teapot, and when he poured it out it appeared as nothing more than clear water. John felt relief soften the lines of his shoulders.
technicality, this project was our clever Sherlock’s idea first,” the mentioned man did nothing except twitch at the emphasis, “he cultivated it and honed it. Therefore, he believes that he is entitled to see its completion independently. Personally, I think that’s a load of tripe. Sorry, sorry,” Jim held up his hands when Sherlock shifted pointedly.
John felt himself blush and said, “Uh, yes. Thank you. Some time by the library fire sounds lovely actually.”
A short examination of the small space reveals a bundle of ratty blankets, cast offs that not even Sherlock's network would use. So it gets cold, or is only subject to extreme cold. Which would be easy enough to achieve this high up, his coat and hair have been flapping in the wind this whole time. Not to mention the icy breeze from the Thames would make this a freezing hell during the winter.
“I appreciate your concern, but I believe we should get moving.” Sherlock hastily whispered as he tugged John after him. Soon, they were running side by side.
John felt his absence suck the life out of the room like a black hole. Frustrated, he kicked over a metal stool. As it clanked to the ground, his leg gave out. John gripped onto a table at the last second to keep himself from collapsing on the floor.
The dragon snorted. John flinched from the hot rush of air. “No, but it might as well be. Solely based on the degree of awe you humans exhibit over simple observation. In your case, you were crawling to escape in the manner of warriors atop a battlefield. You have not removed your hand from your hip, which indicates you are reaching for a weapon that is no longer there.”
John had nothing to say to that. He stared at the torn picture lying on the paper sheets, and saw his own blurred face. His expression wasn’t clear, but John knew he was looking at Sherlock in open wonder.
John skimmed over it, picking up most words like ‘protégé’, ‘pride of the school’, and ‘gifted genius’. John couldn’t help but acerbically recall these same teachers whispering about Sherlock’s observations in the staff lounge like he was practicing black magic.
“John,” Moriarty’s voice had turned so unequivocally gentle that it caused John’s stomach to roil, “I do not believe I can adequately express the depths of my disgrace. I saw what you were hiding, had even smelled it due to my superior olfactory senses, and the worry I felt over your possible harm overrode all rationality.”
Holmes frowns, still uncertain, and leans forward and up enough to place his own forehead on John's. John stops breathing. He can make out the delicate arch of his teacher's cupid's bow, and he clenches his eyes shut and refrains from whimpering. The sound of his fingernails scratching the upholstery reaches his ears, and he hopes Holmes is too preoccupied to notice.
So, the vigilante could have exited out of the normal route, but there were people arriving fairly quickly on the scene. So, someone covered in blood would have been bound to be noticed by that many officers. At least, Sherlock hopes so. Or he's single-handedly taking over New Scotland Yard.
He lets go of Sherlock, who has forgotten that he has legs, and he crumbles onto the ground. John glides a little further ahead before landing. He turns back around, an angry expression still on his face.
Only the wall in front of him is pure white, meant to throw him off to his location. Slowly, ever so slowly, John looks around the door. The hallway is a mirror image to the other one, and just as empty. Heart racing, John takes a barefooted step outside. Again, it's made to look like his cell, the concrete is the same.
John didn’t remember collapsing, but he opened his eyes. He was lying on the sofa in the main entrance, either his weight, or the imperativeness of warming his body had taken precedence over putting him in a bed. The hearth roared with fire, heating his exposed skin to a near uncomfortable degree. John shifted under the heavy quilts, and groaned at the responding ache.
The question dies in his mind when he feels Sherlock behind him. Those long fingers slide their way up behind the small band of elastic around John’s head. Careful not to get any hairs caught, Sherlock slips it off.
This was beyond dangerous. This was a situation that John was ill-prepared for, like someone had asked him to disarm a bomb when all he knew was how to stitch up a person.
They pull up to their flat without anyone having given an address, and John gets out without having to be told. It's not until Sherlock practically pushes him through the door that John realizes that neither of them have paid the cabbie. But when John looks back the vehicle is already gone, and Sherlock has slammed the door. John jolts, and spares a thought for Mrs. Hudson. It's relatively late, so she's probably asleep, which John is immensely grateful for. He doesn't need another good person to get caught in Sherlock's crossfire.
With a small shift of his hips, the head of Sherlock’s cock pushed into John’s body. The boy immediately wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck to keep from flying apart.
Sherlock looked at John like he’d just recited the most confounding riddle, “Why would you want to leave?”
Sherlock kissed and sucked his new bite mark until it became as dark as the ones peppering John’s chest and neck. He licked it in one broad stripe, feeling darkly satisfied with it in a way he normally wasn’t with previous bedmates. The hand on John’s prick loosened its grip, mindful of the boy’s sensitivity.
Sherlock quickly looked at John, who was wearing a sickeningly familiar expression of delighted surprise.
John tried to push him back for some space, but Sherlock didn’t budge. “Bedroom,” John elaborately explained, but Sherlock only squeezed him closer. He seemed fascinated with being able to touch, and didn’t want to stop.
John jerked back a little bit. Sherlock donned confusion while something cold and slithering waited to spring to life inside of his chest, “Something wrong?”
Then he heard his name. At first, he thought the wind had picked up outside, but the hollow sound shaped vowels into something discernible.
They go out into the street and the blast of cool air is a shock to him. It goes away when Sherlock practically shoves him into the backseat of the cab that he's materialized out of thin air. "Baker Street," Sherlock growls to the driver. Apparently they don't need an address. The cabbie moves onto the road and John is left in tense and angry silence. With a few measured breaths John weighs his next few options.
John stepped into his space before he could regain his footing. With his shorter stature he landed a swift and hard blow to the man’s stomach. He felt the wind leave the man’s body, and the way his arms went slack told John he’d either dropped the weapon again or he’d been compelled into unconsciousness.
John watches the whole movie like this, shifting every once in a while to get into a semi-better position. Neither one of them says a single word. When the credits roll, Sherlock turns off the television, and brings the lights back on. John's blinking his vision back to normal when Sherlock is striding over to him.
John’s hands stopped fiddling with his cup. Like a swift current that briefly revealed the fish-picked bones of a skeleton, John realized he was being deliberately redirected. He still didn’t think…it wasn’t
Instead, he twists the metal around. Going clockwise at first, then slowly spinning it the other way.
He hands the wallet back and glances at the motionless man on the ground. "Did you kill him?" he asks in what he hopes is concerned astonishment and not eagerness. "No," John says indifferently, so he didn't catch the flash of disappointment on Sherlock's face "I made sure not to." Sherlock files away strong moral values in the rapidly filling personal file of who he now knows is John H. Watson. "Listen," John looks a little embarrassed and Sherlock files that expression away too, though he doesn't like that those open blue eyes aren't trained on him anymore. "could you hail me a cab? My arms are a little full." In the span of watching all the little nuances of John's face Sherlock had completely forgotten about the parasite attached to his shoulder.
"But, unfortunately," Jim sighs,"your army pet is too stubborn for his own good." He sped the video again, this time to John pacing in his cell.
Sherlock smiled softly at him. “Disagreements about that aside, it was the ghastly argument from yesterday that he had some suggestions for.”
The man stops in his tracks, his hand on the door. Hope surges through John, that maybe he won't have to deal with this alone for God knows how long. That same hope crashes (as it has done so many, many times) when Sherlock minutely shakes his head. The click of the door latch is very loud, and the darkness seems thicker than before.
Sherlock's appraising John again. True, it took a long time, but certainly not as long as some people. The police haven't even asked them about it. Not that they will, if Jim only just texted him that means he's been talking to the people that will have this case swept under the rug in a matter of hours without questions. Asking for statements is just procedural and doesn't raise suspicion.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and drawled, “No, Doctor Watson, it’s powdered sugar. Yes, of course it’s cocaine.”
There was a protest that John couldn’t hear, and a sharp retort that he certainly did catch, “Yes, now, or I swear by God you’ll be sharing its pen for the night. Now go!”
John breathed against the rocks. Dust flew back into his face, stinging his eyes. His arms trembled from his clinging grip. The balls of his feet were hot with blisters. Grit stuck to his sweaty forehead when he leaned it against the wall. He glanced up at the opening, and his heart sank when he saw that he still had a great distance to go. He groaned in frustration.
This was the first time Lestrade had shown up asking about it. And, his mind clicked onto the words, he had mentioned that something was different about this one.
Sherlock deliberates his answer. In a way it was, but not for the reasons John’s clearly thinking. Still, it’s an easy escape, and Sherlock already plans on ‘fixing’ this no matter the outcome.
Jim sighed, like he was dealing with an extremely dull child. "Yes, but at least tell me you, I don't know, cuddle or pet him or something afterwards."
Sherlock spat out his apple bite so he could have the room to laugh. “Oh, yes, certainly. That’s what I want to do with my life. Join a career that’s filled with busywork, red tape, ridicule, and at best chasing an idiot who couldn’t outrun or outsmart the
“Oops, shouldn’t be talking like that around the boy genius, I understand. Don’t worry Sherlock, you’ll understand when you’re older.” He looked over at the teenager, who was staring intently at the wood grain.
“A cordoned section, for very good reason,” Sherlock explained, “Jim and I have been working on a new strain of poisonous plants as a side experiment. We hope that it will revolutionize the process of breeding genetic characteristics into a much more potent substance.”
He felt Jim’s stubble scrape along his cheek. When John gasped in overwrought pleasure, Jim’s grip at his wrists tightened. Jim growled, suddenly moving off of John to discard his own clothes.
“Sherlock, wait,” and oddly enough the teenager listened, although he faced away from John, “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to embarrass you. Is your family struggling for money?”
John realized he was in front of Sherlock’s door when the dampness of the pavement began seeping into his socks. He looked down, and sure enough he was standing in his pajamas, late in the day, outside of a student’s house.
“Wha—I do not!” Sherlock protested. He shoved the sandwich away out of spite but kept the apple. He really must have been hungry.
There's been a few doors, but all of them have had the fake white wall and concrete floor, giving away what kind of rooms they were.
With their growing camaraderie, Jim proved to be more tactile than John would have suspected. He often linked arms with John on their outdoor strolls when the weather permitted it. He laid a hand on John’s shoulder when he leaned over to read from the same medical guide. There was even more than one occurrence of brushing hands when they passed each other the sugar dish for tea.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said, “just---stop talking.” He turned around, as if he couldn’t bear to face him anymore. He rubbed his long fingers through his hair, tangling the black locks around and around each other, mirroring the hard knots of emotion resting inside the soft tissue of their minds.
"Since two very intelligent adults can vouch for your academic prowess, then it stands to reason that this exam was a very rare flop-up. I am being very generous Watson, please don't take it in vain."
John’s mind was stuck in a loop. One part of the cycle was the heady sense of becoming a close confidant, then where they stood in that relationship, until finally he began to wonder if maybe they had become
But where can he hide? He doesn't dare to go back downstairs and be discovered. He's in open space out on the tower, and trying to hide on the outside would leave him in plain sight of both creature and passerby.
Sherlock smirks down at John, “It doesn’t take someone of my intellect to know what people consider romantic. And anniversaries are dates where one partner goes above and beyond for the other. Hardly a difficult leap.”
Sherlock didn't exactly smile, but the pain of betrayal was gone from his eyes. "Thank you Jim," Sherlock said, meaning every word.
Despite Sherlock’s unnaturally scathing tone, Jim hadn’t stopped looking at John. “I believe I do,” Moriarty said. “Well then, I hope the dreadful business will be dealt with as soon as possible.”
“Maybe when I’m old and gray I’ll use my retirement to finally catch up to popular culture,” John had jested. Sherlock had smiled at him, and John had blamed the strained edge to it on their long travel.
