“Why didn’t you sign?” he asks suddenly. Steve knows why he hadn’t, but he realizes that now that he doesn’t actually know why Sam hadn’t signed—or for that matter, why
Rhodey suspects, is why they work even when everyone said they wouldn’t.
Oh god, Tony looks
“Right, him.”
“What?”
has haunted my nightmares, ever since New York, and she killed him just like that.”
. I’m Mr. Right—”
Bucky whistled lowly. “Convenient,” he repeated, sounding disgusted. “Wow. You know, I was worried about
There are a little under fifty thousand Steve Rogerses currently alive in the United States, and thirteen year-old Tony Stark has crossed off about twenty thousand of them. About seven thousand of them were born after Tony was, so that makes them impossible. The other thirteen thousand have all already met their soulmates, though Tony has to laugh at the Steve Rogers who’s coincidentally soulmated to a different Tony Stark. Like, what are the odds of
“Well, considering it’s my sister’s graduation and Howard, despite knowing that it’s my birthday, decided to go to her graduation instead, I think popping a couple pills and going to bed early sounds like a great night.”
“I would sign if it were just me,” he says. “But I’m not alone, and I won’t leave my team like this. They deserve better than me abandoning them.”
“And you’d tell me if we’re not?”
So sorry! I promised it for Saturday and its Tuesday! At the minute I'm still trying to figure out how to word my thoughts so its taking a bit more time than usual. Hopefully this chapter is good, it gave me a bit of a break from intense Stony!
Tony became to get more panicked, sweating more and taking quicker breaths.
Not a moment has gone by when I haven't loved Steve. Even now, with the divorce looming I was still just as in love with him as I was 20 years ago. As a child I despised him. Howard had always preferred him, even though he was presumed dead. I was always trying to live up to him. He was like the older brother who wasn't there that I so desperately tried to beat. My house was filled with him. Howard liked to collect the memorabilia, as it reminded him of his greatest experiment. Turning a scrawny little boy into a super soldier, and Americas greatest treasure. However with all the photos around, despite hating him, I always admired him in a way that couldn't be explain. I mean he gave up his life for the sake of America, or at the time everyone believe he had. I even felt slightly attracted to him. Although in those days being gay wasn't even spoken about, especially in the Stark family.
And indeed did create. But Thanos, losing Peter, losing Nat and all the countless other lives, suddenly Bucky didn’t seem so bad. He didn’t know what he was doing Steve would whisper yell at me, both of us scared to wake Peter. I was blind to it though, stubborn to see the man I loved just wanted us to be happy. All I saw was him choosing a murderer over our life together.
Hi Peter, how was school today? You'll need to get the subway home today. Your parents are in a bit of trouble today. Stuck in an elevator on the way to you know what. How are you feeling about that? They should be out by midnight but its a bit up in the air at the minute. We can speak when you get home tonight. Be safe, I know you will be but you know what I mean.
Yes we’d had our issues and fights. My parents death of course being the breaking point. But after the snap, after wielding that gauntlet, after me almost dying, it all seemed so... minuscule. I wanted nothing more than for Steve to grab me and tell me loved me once I was awake again, but there was nothing. The way Steve spoke to me was the equivalent of a pat on the back from Fury, and it almost destroyed me again.
I was obsessed with dying and had actually come to accept it. Although I think the idea of death is toughest for Steve. He'll have to live to see his own son get old before his eyes and bury him. Thats something no parent should ever have to do. Despite the fact I always felt unlucky that I wouldn't be able to live with the love of my life till the end of his life, I always felt lucky in the sense I'd never have to deal with his death, I'd only see him again in whatever afterlife we end up in. If I don't go to Hell that is. Steve has had to see everyone he loved from his old life die, and he wasn't even there to see them grow old. It always hurt to join him at funerals, especially when people would ask who he was, and how he knew the person that had died. Of course they recognised him, but not many people knew that he'd been the subject of an experiment that slowed down his ageing.
New Message to Gwen Stacy
"Sorry Tony, it won't happen again, completely forgot my boundaries." Steve whispered, before looking up from the ground to meet my gaze.In that moment, all I wanted to do was grab him again, and kiss him, although after a year of not speaking I couldn't do it, along with the fact I'd just ranted about boundaries.
Yes, their relationship had its bumps, although perhaps their bumps were more like mountains for them to overcome. Yes, they'd gotten together after New York, but when Tony found out that Bucky had killed his parents, well, it wasn't just an Avengers Civil War. Tony and Steve had been a relatively new couple at the time, yet they were still living together. Tony had bought an apartment near Philadelphia so he could easily travel between Avenger duties at SHIELD in DC and Stark Industry in New York. During that time Steve would just hang out in Philly, he'd learnt where to get the best cheesesteak and pizza - although it did not beat Brooklyn in the slightest. He spent his weekends wandering around all the civil war sites, visiting the Smithsonian in DC or travelling up to New York to see what the team was up to. That was when he wasn't sent away on missions around the world. When Tony found out about Bucky, their worlds came shattering down around them. The idyllic lifestyle they had created for themselves shattered like snow globe hitting the ground. Steve loved Tony even then, but he knew he had to walk away from him, and Captain America to help his friend. He probably should have guessed then what their relationship would come to, but after the Infinity War they both realized how much they meant to each other. New York was bad enough but watching some of their closest friends be slaughtered in front of them was enough for anyone to reunite, no matter how big the wedge that drove them apart was. It was then that they decided to get married. And shortly after Peter joined their family. After that, you never would've known their family had been anything but perfect. Even when Steve and Tony fought, the battles they'd faced together - parenthood included was enough to make them forget what had happened.
And all I could say was that I’d moved on.
"Steve do you have any idea how inappropriate it is to kiss me! Thats a violation of my rights! I was completely unaware of what you were doing and its not appreciated at all. Totally, completely, insanely inappropriate. I am one of the few who does not want the great Captain America to push his lips against mines! Do not do it again, capeeshe!" Tony yelled at Steve. "Hey, you understand? Or have you hit your head!"
"Yeah so I could get out of here" Tony retorted, clearly feeling uncomfortable again. Steve could sense that he wanted the hours to pass quickly, but they both knew that wouldn't happen.
Yet Steve ruined it, he'd just given his addiction the boost it needed to last another ten years. The kiss was electrifying, it was the kind of kiss you would remember for years to come, all because of the feelings, emotion and passion behind it. Even Captain America got scared sometimes and thinking about the love of his life having a heart attack in an elevator before being able to tell him what he felt, one last time - well that terrified Steve. It made him feel as though he was having a panic attack himself. Watching Tony shivering, struggling to breathe, when his heart was already physically fragile enough, that made Steve emotionally fragile. Thinking about all this brought Steve close to tears, even while Tony was yelling and cursing him, all he could think about was how close he kept coming to losing him. First New York, then the Avengers Civil War. He'd lost Tony as a friend, but losing him as a co-parent, as a partner was more than he could bear. By hell was he losing him completely.
Yo creeper, meet any pretty ladies today? ur idiot dads are stuck in a lift. Get home and we can laugh at the media reports, try not and die please, ur dinner will get cold if u do
Both of the men were too consumed in their argument to realise that Tonys panic attack had stopped. There was an awkward feeling in the elevator, with Tony yelling abuse at Steve for 'inappropriate actions'. Both men were too embarrassed to admit it, but they both rather liked the kiss and loved every single second it lasted.
When I met the super soldier I would one day call my husband though, I instantly saw what my father saw. I was in complete awe of him. The stories, photos and reports of him were nothing compared to actually seeing him. He was one of the most beautiful men I'd ever seen, and still had the charm that so many men lack in the 21st century. He was polite, but forceful. Calm, with a fire inside him. I was instantly infatuated with him. But I was with Pepper, and he was from the time when homosexuality was definitely a no go. I'd come to terms with the fact that the idea of Captain America and I was just a fantasy. Until the celebration party after the New York situation. Pepper had to leave early as she had a meeting in Hong Kong in the morning, so I had the tower to myself and decided to throw a party. I was still uneasy about almost being trapped in some odd galaxy, and being asked about what it was like definitely set me off. But the whole night I felt like Steve had been watching me, I mean I'd definitely been watching him, who could't! As he was leaving I walked him to the elevator. I'd started feeling more comfortable around him then, and as though we could be friends, despite my hidden feelings for him. But as he was leaving the party he leaned in to give me a goodbye hug, me being me though, I totally misinterpreted and planted my lips on his. I instantly realise the mistake and pulled back, but with Steves arms still around me he pulled me back in tightly and picked up from where we left off. One thing led to another and I asked him to stay the night. Not long after I broke up with Pepper, at first she didn't take it well, and it took quite some time before she was fully okay with the fact I was in love with America himself.
Why did I say that, fuck fuck why did I say that. All the noise and brain in my head and that was the best thing I could say? I’ve moved on? From the love of my life, from the man who held me as I cried even though I wanted the reason he made it to recruitment and not end up dead in an alley dead? The man who made me feel like there was no one else in the world... Come on Tony Stark, you’re smart enough to save this!
"Tony, we're going to be stuck in here together for a while unless God blesses us with a miracle, it would be nice if you didn't ask so hostile towards me. Just because we're going to be divorced doesn't mean we can't still be friends"
“Who the fuck do you think you are, you’re nothing more than the man who broke me and left the pieces to burn” I snapped back, getting closer to him, staring up into those eyes, the eyes I was desperate to have stare into mines and tell me that he loved me. But all I can do is react with anger. Bruce says that fire and fire only makes a bigger fire, I’m throwing gasoline into this one.
On his way to Korea town he stopped by the river where his familys ashes were scattered. He still wasn't entirely sure if he'd be scattered there, buried in the Stark allotment, or just be buried anywhere like Pops. He was just glad that he didn't have to deal with it, he just had to leave it to his next of kin.
"Tony, come on, you realise your phones going to die soon, I can hear it beeping! We might as well use this as an opportunity to talk about whats going to happen with Peter." Steve said, he was fed up of awkward eye contact.
Nothing was helping, his panic attack was getting more and more dangerous. Tony could lash out and start throwing things to help himself, but it wouldn't help anyone. Steve could feel Tonys reactor pumping through his suit, even when on a dangerous mission Steves heart never went this fast. If Tony didn't calm down quickly his reactor could stop working, then they'd have a massive problem. A panic attack was manageable, a heart attack? Not so much.
As Peter was walking towards the subway he realised that none of his uncles or aunt realised what time he got home, so he could take his time today. He could walk through Central Park, visit that fantastic pizza place in Brooklyn then eat it at his Pops place or finally get round to that Korean place that Gwen had told him about. After several minutes contemplation, he decided on Korean food. There were no paparrazzi in Korea Town, and it wouldn't leave a greasy smell in Pops apartment. Now it was just a question as to whether he'd get the subway there or web it.
"Tony breathe! In through your nose, and out through your mouth!" Steve said soothingly, repeating it several times while rubbing his back. "Breathe in the bag, it'll make it better. Come on, we can get through this!"
"Steve, can I ask you something..." Tony stuttered.
I felt something crash against my lips. Something so incredibly soft but with so much energy behind it. My breathing was rapid, and my heart was pounding, but this object smashing against me was like an antidote. It stopped everything. For the first time in god knows how long even my thoughts stopped. I was in a moment of complete peace. None of my hopes, dreams and worries were an issue in that instant. It felt like watching 100 fireworks go off at once, all while feeling like I was in Steves arms again.
"Hello sirs, I'm sorry to inform you that our elevator technician is on holiday at the moment, we have phoned him though and he's on the first flight back from France. Again sirs, we apologise for this disruptence to your day"
What a let-down. Steve was hoping he'd declare his love for him, and that through all their issues, even now, it hadn't faltered.
“You can’t be alone can you Tony? You bounce from person to person as if its nothing more than money you can squander on coffee. I see it everywhere you just jump from person to person hoping each one will fix the whole left by the last. Left by Howard. But you just blame your failing relationships on everyone else without taking time to realise you’re the common factor. With Pepper, her commitment to the Industries was to blame. With us, Bucky was to blame for you not looking after yourself after everything. You need some self reflection Tony.”
"Come on Stark, we're stuck in this tiny elevator for hours and we aren't getting out anytime soon, we might as well talk to pass the time." As soon as the words left Steve's mouth, he realised it was a big mistake. Tony's breaths got sharper and quicker. His brow became sweaty and his eyes wide. Tony was claustrophobic and Steve had just set him into a panic attack.
"Steve, how are you on this wonderful day?" The billionaire asked, as the elevator began to move.
Tony was refusing to look anywhere near Steve, but all Steve could do was look at his face and try to remember all the details that he loved. He knew that after the papers were signed he'd only see him at parties or in the news. He studied the stress lines on his forehead. They started to appear after New York, once Tonys nightmares began, his anxiety worsened, and he began to get claustrophobia, scared that he couldn't escape, just like he thought he couldn't escape the galaxy that he'd visited that day. He studied his eyes, the brown making his grey hairs stand out. Technically Steve was older, but he only looked 30, where as Tony was 50.
Peter constantly had to keep people updated, it was difficult, forget to text one person and everyone freaks out. Thats what happens though when you have superhereos for a family. Or so he thought.
In the last few months, Tonys moods started to dip significantly. He'd resorted to drinking again and was even making funeral plans for him and Steve. He had bought a private family lot, since he didn't want to be buried near his father. Steve tried to be there for him, he really really tried, but it was difficult. He would lock himself away in his lab looking at photos of when they were 'young', which was really only 10 years ago at their wedding, or thats what Steve always caught him doing. Bruce Banner and Reed Richards visited him a lot but Steve just busied himself, assuming it was science work, which he didn't want to know about. He loved Tony until the end, and if he was honest with himself, he wasn't sure he'd stopped yet.
We're not divorced yet Tony, at this moment in time we're just separated. We haven't signed any papers yet. We could still get back together.
"Shit Steve, we can't get out! What if the chains snap and we fall down, we're 7 floors up!" Tony yelled, getting to his feet and frantically looking for a way out.
It was Tony who suggested a separation. He could see that his moods were beginning to affect morale in the tower. Steve would constantly be in the gym, or visiting Sam. He thought that Steve didn't care for him so much anymore. Yeah he tried to help him stop drinking, but it felt like he only did because they were married. It was a horrible thing to think but in the last few months Tony was almost diagnosed with depression and social anxiety. Tony Stark, the great billionaire, had to sit down in a quiet room after company speeches and get his mind back to normal. When Tony slept he often woke up sweating buckets, with evidence of him being restless. There had even been a few times he'd woken up crying and screaming. But because him and Steve were in different rooms no one knew except him. He wished he could tell Steve, and he knew he could, but Steve was the worst when it came to cheering him up. He resorted to old fashioned jokes about the war, and spoke about how "back in the day". Yes they were married, but sometimes it didn't feel that way. Although Tony still loved him like his husband in these moments, he still loved him till through the separation, but at this moment, being confined in the elevator with him, alone together for the first time in almost a year, Tony wasn't sure if he'd ever loved him more.
“Fuck. Holy crap. Is this really..?”
Tony’s aware that he just revealed centuries’ worth of secret but he can’t worry about that now. It wasn’t just his world that’s in danger. The whole god damn universe is at risk of being destroyed by a Mad Titan who wants to play God. He’ll be damned if he let him get away with it.
“No. The doctor said he’ll be need a few physical therapy sessions but otherwise, he’ll make a full recovery.” Everyone let out a breath at that, Sam being the most relieved. If anything would have happened to Clint, the veteran would have taken it worse than everyone else. He’s blaming himself for the archer’s fall, not being fast enough to catch him. He heard Clint’s plea for aerial support over the com during the mission but he was distracted by a few Hydra agents that he missed him. If only he had been more aware of his surroundings and fast enough, the archer wouldn’t have been seriously injured. If he was somewhere higher than he was, it would have been a Rhodey incident all over again. Sam still haven’t forgiven himself for that. Even if Rhodey did, he can’t find himself to forgive and forget.
“Oh and Tony? Hurt Steve and I’ll practice these new arrows on you.”
“Oh, Tony? Hurt Steve and I’ll make sure you’ll regret it.”
Before the Colonel left to catch up with the others, he made sure to give Steve a heated glare.
“How are we going to ask
” The desperate plea on Steve’s voice was what did it for Tony. It made him falter in his steps before completely stopping to let Steve catch up to them. His two companions, however, were quite reluctant to stop.
He was in so much pain.
“Come on, Honey bear! I’m seriously hurt! You think I don’t have the appeal to charm and seduce this super soldier’s pants off?” The billionaire said, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively as he dropped his hand from the blond’s waist to start playing with his waistband. Steve can only huff in amusement as he removed Tony’s hand from his pants, only to interlace their fingers together. The genius looked at their joined hands with slight shock before it melted into a soft smile.
"Okay. Look. Whatever I'm about to say cannot in anyway leave this room. Am I clear? We'll be incinerated otherwise if someone tells on me. Okay? Okay—" The archer obviously took the engineer’s words negatively.
The fight continued on for another ten minutes before another explosion rocked the place.
"Honeybear! You missed me already? Isn't your next scheduled visit supposed to be next week? Wait. Is it next week already? Shit. Tell me i'm wrong, Rhodey. Tell me! Nana Rosa will have my head if I had the days mixed up again!" The military man chuckled at his best friend's rambling. He always did find the genius' tendency to drift continuously, mostly from one topic to another, endearing. Some would find it annoying but the Colonel always did listed it as one of his charms.
“They did, Boss. A message was sent directly to one of SI main servers. A message I believe is directed to you personally.” The billionaire’s breath hitched as he analyzed the message that FRIDAY had conveniently displayed in front of him.
“As I said earlier, I am not answering questions. Those who refuses to respect that shall be escorted outside. These guys aren’t just for show. They have a job which I must say, does pay generously.” The genius gestured to the four men stationed below the stage. They were the standard looking bodyguards. Bulky, huge, black suit, shades and ear piece.
Uncle Clint 17:05
My ranting was jolted to a stop, but my mouth left hanging open.
I want him to grab me, to press himself against me, I want the world to disappear until he’s the only one here. I want it to be just us.
"What the fuck Steve? We're divorced why are you kissing me?!"
I gazed at the man who owned my heart. What had brought us to this point? It all seemed so... pointless...
Divorce really brought out the honest side in people
Every so often, one of the men would look up at the other, and quickly get back to what they were doing. Steve luckily carried a bag everywhere with him. In the bag had his phone, a sketch pad, book and his wallet. Most people are protective over their phones, Steve however adored his wallet. It was one that Bucky had gotten him way back in the 40's. It was leather with his initials "S.R"  carved into it, although in the early years of their marriage Tony had taken it to carve in an extra S. Although it was worn it still meant the world to Steve. Inside was the average things, money, credit cards and photos. One of the photos was Tony and Steve on their wedding day, with Peter covered in cake. Another photo was of the Avengers, a few weeks after New York at a celebratory party Tony had thrown. The photo was 20 years old, but Steve kept reprinting them so he could never forget. It was the night that Steve realised his feelings for Tony, and vice versa. That night they shared their first kiss as Steve was about to leave, but instead stayed the night. The final photo was from a few years ago. It was at Peters middle school graduation. Steve, Tony and Peter in his gowns. It was one of the last good times they'd had together as a family.
As soon as Steve heard the voice he tried to close the elevator doors quicker, but it was too late. Tony stuck his hand through the door to get in without realising who was on the other side. As soon as he realised he tried to back out, but was unsuccessful. As cocky as Tony was he was quite timid when it came to uncomfortable situations such as this. Although after a while, he begins to get more than cocky, and he starts arguments to make himself less uncomfortable.
p.s, I'm Scottish so a lot of the words aren't spelt wrong, just the British way!
Apologies for this being so late! I'm only holiday at the minute so its difficult to find time to post and write, but chapter 4 will be up next weekend!
It was also the moment that the heart of the man who was frozen in time, shattered like the ice that surrounded him for 50 years.
As soon as those words slipped from Tonys mouth Steve could see he regretted it. Steve had no plans to act hostile towards Tony, after all, they'd shared a happy life together for years and raised a son. But, if he dared criticise him or insult him, he wasn't going to stand there and take it. Steve began to think about their life together and their milestones, New York, the wedding, the adoption. It all had to end so horribly with a divorce. In the last year their marriage really began to fall apart when they realised Steve would outlive Tony. Although they still had years together it caused arguments. Tony wanted to leave the Avengers and travel the world with Steve. Although Steve had traveled the world he never really got to see the world, only fly over it or run through it. Tony however had been everywhere, and had a variety of favourite places to go.
"I heard that doing something surprising gives you a shock that can stop a panic attack"
The beginning of the 2nd hour stuck in the elevator was looming. So far Tony and Steve had been confined to each others air for 53 minutes, Steve was counting. Tony sat on his phone, trying to get work done. Unfortunately Pepper had all the other things like his tablet, so he only had a few minutes of battery left. Even the great Tony Stark couldn't master an everlasting battery, only a 48 hour one.
He'd been standing waiting for half an hour. Dad was never late. He looked at his phone to see several texts from his family
“What the hell does that mean Steve?”
"Sorry Tony, it won't happen again, completely forgot my boundaries." Steve whispered. All Steve wanted to do was grab this asshole of a man and kiss him again. Yet the reaction Tony had was like he'd kissed a man back when it was unacceptable to be gay. It made him feel tiny, as though he'd just outed himself back in a time when 'being out' wasn't even a phrase. Kissing Tony made Steve feel, invincible. Like he was going to solve every problem with the world. Even that kiss felt like that, even though the immediate reaction was anything but.
At least, until they'd come face to face in the elevator.
Also, feel free to send me criticism/compliments on tumblr - http://dean--sam--cas.tumblr.com/
"Its going to die soon, yes. But until then I intend to use it to avoid talking to you. Peter is fine, he's 17, he can do what he wants." Tony snipped. Steve was beginning to get even more annoyed with the genius.
"Yes of course," Steve said, pausing to hand over the bottle, "You need to stay hydrated after your panic attack. Do you have any of your anxiety pills with you?"
"Steve do you have any idea how inappropriate it is to kiss me! Thats a violation of my rights! I was completely unaware of what you were doing and its not appreciated at all. Totally, completely, insanely inappropriate. I am one of the few who does not want the great Captain America to push his lips against mines! Do not do it again, capeeshe!" I yelled in his direction. Although he had completely zoned out. "Hey, you understand? Or have you hit your head!"
"What the fuck Steve? We're divorced why are you kissing me?!" Tony yelled
Without a seconds hesitation Tony got up to speak into the microphone, demanding that he be rescued from the elevator, and if he wasn't he'd sue the company so much their childrens children would still be paying for it. Clearly Tony was more uncomfortable than Steve first assumed. And then the voice came, telling them both a message they did not want to hear.
This is it Tony, tell him you still love him, tell him that he’s right and that you’re sorry, tell him that the world is nothing without him, you’ve done nothing but self reflect since it all started to fall away from you.
Then I met the man my father held me against all these years. And well... I really wanted to be held against him then. I still remember the first time we met, clear as day. I thought he was cute, he thought I was a narcissist. He wasn't wrong. Captain America was everything my father had made him out to be and more. At least I knew that there was one occasion he hadn't lied to me. Watching Steve across the table, he was mesmerizing. The way he spoke about taking down Loki made me shiver with fear, yet the bravery had me hot. I even had to excuse myself at one point for the bathroom. I remember telling myself that I was acting like a teenage again, stupid and naive, but jesus, that was just the start.
Also, the chapters will get longer, its just meant to be a little tense and awkward between the two at the moment so there isn't much dialogue, only awkward looks!
"Can I have a drink of your water?"
And in that moment, maybe it was the adrenaline, maybe it was the heat of the elevator, or the moment - we were always good at making it up to each other after a fight - but words fell out of me again, like a boat tipping over a waterfall, nothing to stop them.
Do I really want to ask this? 8 hours in an elevator. Thats a long time if he says he doesn't care about me anymore. Imagine how awkward it would be then, you'd end up wanting to shoot yourself with your lasers.
Peter sent a group text to them all with a simple "OK." It was nice how much they all cared about him. He could remember when he was young that they all took him under their wings, he'd had a tough childhood until his Dad and Pops adopted him. They didn't like to speak about it, but he knew the story. His biological parents died in a crash, then his Uncle Ben was shot, with his Aunt May dying soon after since she took it so hard. He didn't forget about them, he visited their ashes and had photos of them. But his Dad and Pops did the best job they could to act like his biological parents. He knew he had another family, but after growing up with the Avengers, they were his family.
Written from Tonys POV.
Even with Steve my walls weren't fully demolished. He saw through the gaps, the parts that we'd managed to destroy together. I suppose the remaining bricks were why we fell.
It was probably Howards fault.
"Okay Pepper, I'll meet you upstairs, lets just get this over with" came a voice from outside the elevator.
Yet the last five years, when Tony became increasingly aware of his impending death was the ultimate nail in the coffin it seemed.
Yep, Tony, out of the park, you’re going on dates for a cleaning husband, stop talking you’re making it worse.
“Well, I say moved on, I don’t mean literally. Y’know its been years since we were together, my hearts not as broken as my head anymore.” The words left my mouth without the stupid brain filter kicking in, “Obviously I’ve been on dates too but just none of them as good as you, y’know for all the cleaning you did. Poor Helen can’t clean the whole tower herself, I’ve had to hire more help. Need someone like that”
Tony Stark, playboy, genius, philanthropist. His name was the only true part of the statement.
“I know that a lot of my actions as of late can tell you differently but I promise. I’ll explain everything to you once we’re done with this threat. We’ll sit down and talk. I’ll tell you everything you need to know.” The engineer spluttered, obviously against the idea of tabling the topic.
“What do we have here? The Earth’s Mightiest Heroes? Defeated by mere HYDRA agents? To think that this is all what it takes?” The Sokovian said, his accent heavy, his tone smug and pleased. The predatory and ravening smile on his pale face was enough to make any civilian shiver in fear and dread.
At this point, Steve finally snapped out of his quest for blood and reassessed the situation. Unfortunately, it was too late. For the first time since they took on their roles as Avengers, they were being backed to a corner and
demigod to be exact.” Everyone was silent for a few seconds. They were all staring at Tony with varying degrees of disbelief. It was obvious that they were all trying to process what he said. Or perhaps waiting for him to say ‘
“Peter!” Both teenagers hugged and surely would have dove deep in their little Gen Z world if Tony hadn’t interrupted them.
Heyyy~ Hope you liked this! I was actually planning on making this a one shot but mehh. It just evolved to multi chapters. This may range around 20-30k? Anyways, thank you for those who are still with me! Hope you'll stay till the very end!
“New mission for the team. Apparently, there’s suspicious activity going on somewhere in Southern Europe. There’s a few gathering of suspected HYDRA agents going around that side of the continent. Also some suspicious cargo that are being transported across countries. There’s not much to go on about it, to be honest.” Rhodes explained with a shrug as Sam looked over their leader’s shoulder as he read the mission details.
“How did you mess your arm up?” Was Tony’s attempt to jumpstart a conversation. The genius frowned when the super-soldier grunted before he started flexing his fingers as if wanting to hold or well, choke something.
“Oh, shit. Jesus Christ. Is that really..? I can’t believe it. Shit.” Tony barreled on with curses and swears as he continued on typing frantically, his hands visibly shaking.
could still fix this.
“N-No! We weren’t- I wasn’t- He.. I.. It w-wasn’t like t-that!” Steve floundered with his words.
“Ahh, Robocop? Might want to loosen your grip there. I’m quite fond of that hand so if you could please-”
Bucky was much more successful in fending off agents but he wasn’t on top shape either because in the midst of the battle, his metal arm started malfunctioning. It was letting out small sparks and was just mainly being a nuisance to the super soldier as it kept on lagging and hindering his movements. Bucky was seriously debating on whether he should just remove it. Scott was nowhere in sight, probably ant size and diving into their enemies’ weapons to mess them up. Vision, being an android and made of Vibranium, has no injury. But he is being overwhelmed by the number of agents that kept on attacking.
So I last updated this like 3 years ago ?? but I came across it and suddenly felt a need to start writing again, I'll keep going depending on the reaction this gets!
Aunt Tasha was always short and sweet, where as Uncle Bruce couldn't tell a story without turning it into a massive speech
He hoped he'd be buried near Gwen. He loved her so much. His dad found it gross, Pops found it adorable. Without Gwen, Peter would never be who he was today. Without her he'd be dead, Electro would have gotten to him and he'd be more of a fried spider than Spiderman. Peter spoke to Gwen everyday, he never missed an opportunity to speak to her. Even on Christmas day he'd sneak away from the tower to speak to her. He wasn't sure if his parents actually knew or they thought he was asleep. Either way, a day without speaking to Gwen Stacy was like trying to out a fire with more flames, it only added to Peters love for her.
Steve figured the best thing to do was return to the sketch book and continue trying to hide the tear-stained sketches of Tony he had.
That hit home. After today he was Steve Rogers, part of his identity was about drop off, he'd no longer share a name with his son, or his husband, well, soon to be ex. It also hadn't occurred to him that Tony was upset about people 'fainting' (which wasn't accurate). Sure people seemed to take more to Steve, but he'd never assumed it was hurtful, he thought Tony just ignored it, and passed it off as the fact that Steve was the national treasure now, a stay at home, gay dad? Most of America loved it. But then he remembered, Tony sold weapons to the government that were used in wars, and sometimes against American citizens, chances were Tonys weapons had killed more than a few Americans.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hey, I'm finally trying that Korean place you told me about! With the meatballs!?!?!?! Anyway, see you tonight, love you x
"I heard that doing something surprising gives you a shock that can stop a panic attack"
"Steve, can I ask you something..." I ask, Steve looks up from his sketch pad.
What a mistake that was. Why was Steves instant reaction to plant his lips upon genius, zillionaire, (former) playboy, philanthropic Tony? He'd spent the last year using ever possible second to try and move on. Their relationship was toxic, he knew that, but the things that are the worst for you are usually the most addictive. And Tony was the addiction that he couldn't shake. He'd met people during the war with awful addictions, people on lining the streets of New York City who were so addicted to heroin or meth they couldn't live a second without it. Yet Steves addiction to Tony surpassed all of them. Yes, he could live without Tony, he had lived without Tony and even if they stayed together, there would come a day where Tony passed, and Steve lived on. And that, is the worst kind of addiction. To know how heartbreakingly close you are to something, yet to pass it by as though it means nothing to you, as though its simply another bystander in the street.
Hey kiddo, your dad won't be able to pick you up tonight, long story, speak tonight x
New York was different 70 years ago. The buildings were taller now, the roads were quieter and the people were friendly. Now the buildings were 15 storeys - minimum -, the roads were packed with cars, and the people glared at you as though you'd kill them. Steve was still unsettled by the changes, but he'd learnt to deal with it. After loving Tony Stark you could deal with anything.
For the record, this was quite possibly the largest lie that had ever left the metal heart mans mouth.
Steve was impressed with how much he remembered from when they were together. If this had happened then Steve would be handing him something to eat, while fetching his pills and trying to soothe him.
“You’re the man who I’d let break me all over again, the man who owns the shattered remains of this hollowed out tin”
"Friends? Steve we've been together 20 years, we can't be friends, we couldn't even pretend for to for Peters graduation. We sat on different sides of the hall."
As soon as they heard where he was coming from they quickly figured out how long they would be stuck together. At least 8 hours.
helloo, this is my first Steve/Tony fic, so words of encouragement would be brilliant! this chapter involves a few wee swear words here and there
Then, possibly the best decision Steve had made in the elevator so far, and possibly the worst, he moved the bag down and pressed his lips against Tonys lips. That was the first time in a year that Steve felt intimate with his love.
Before Tony could reply with a witty response there was a jutter, and the elevator came to a halt, with both the superheroes falling over onto the floor.
Uncle Bruce 16:59
We spent the night together, exploring every area of each other - physically and emotionally. I felt so safe around him, maybe because of all the stories I'd heard, or maybe because even then I realised this was the man I wanted to spend my life with.
"Don't blame that on me, you were there first with Pepper, you could have kept me a seat, all you had to do was put a coat down. Even Pepper agrees. I had to sit over there, it was you that made Peter wave in two different directions, not me."
I was still with Pepper then, but our relationship was strained, we didn't click as well as we'd hoped, but I honestly think we both just stayed together so we weren't alone. That party a few weeks later was when everything came to light. I'd avoided Steve like the plague, but everytime I looked up, there he was. I don't know why, or how, but there seemed to be a light following him. Whenever I looked at him, everything got brighter. When the party ended and I was saying goodbye, obviously Steve had stayed behind to help clear up - as if he couldn't get anymore perfect. Pepper was out of town. It was just us, talking, laughing and suddenly, kissing. Steve was mid way through a sentence, when suddenly, I just planted one on him. There was so many thoughts going through my head - how amazingly right it felt - how amazingly wrong it was - why isn't he pushing me off - jesus fuck why is he kissing me back?
“Yes, darling, that’s exactly it.” Tony kisses him lightly. Steve lets himself lean into Tony’s body a little more, grinning when Tony shudders against him.
“Steve, get away from the window.”
“You deserve it.”
He remembers meeting Tony for the first time in college six years ago and finding him again after the Snap, moving into Steve’s childhood home in Westview together, not because—because they were dating, but because they needed a friend after half the world disappeared. He remembers driving Tony to New York for Howard’s funeral only a few weeks ago, Tony’s anger and grief at his father, the hero of the universe who’d sacrificed himself so Captain America could defeat Thanos, spilling out into hands shaking too badly to drive himself. He remembers realizing he was in love two years ago and how he’d never done anything about that because Tony would never love
He could keep arguing. But Tony sounds like this is something that’s been bothering him for a while, and Steve knows him well enough that he knows it’ll keep eating away at him if it’s not absolved now. If Steve can help him with that misplaced guilt, then that’s what he wants to do.
With one hand on the doorknob, Tony paused. “You know,” he said, “there is one option we haven’t considered.”
Tony turned to Steve, opening his mouth, only for Steve to cut him off by saying, “I didn’t realize I’d told you Sam and Bucky were in town.”
“Yeah, that wasn’t great. I spent my entire adulthood convinced my dad was an alcoholic who killed my mom by driving drunk and was just starting to get over that when…”
“Are you thinking about going home too?” Sam abruptly asks, startling him.
“Because we couldn’t stop fighting with each other!”
He gives Steve a significant look, who catches on almost immediately. “The Battle of New York,” he says. “Loki’s scepter.”
Steve turned to look at him. Tony was leaning against the doorframe, outlined by the light coming from the bathroom. “For…” He trailed off as he gestured between the two of them.
“And you thought we’d ever want to sign something like that?” Steve asks, unimpressed and more than a little horrified.
“That’s not… I know it’s probably too late for me to sign—”
“It’s been fine for the last three years.”
Steve throws him a glance over his shoulder. “Champagne on an empty stomach? Sweetheart, I’d like to keep you sober for the things I’m going to do to you tonight.”
“Hmm that does sound nice.” He kissed Steve’s cheek and started working on preparing a salad. “You know that couple who just moved in a few days ago? The one that lives next door to Agnes?”
jealous, he tells himself—and then finally turns to Tony.
This chapter has smut at the end
“You’re making the Wolfsbane Potion?” Steve asks. “Are we going to sell that?”
Tony waves him off. “It’s fine. She’s
—she’s still fussing and refusing to even have her bath, let alone go down for the night. Tony’s pretty sure it’s because he was gone on a business trip for most of the last few weeks, especially after Steve had confided in him that she was perfectly well behaved the entire time he was gone, and now she thinks she can get away with anything since he’s missed her, but she’s wrong.
rarely went through any weekly changes bigger than “So-and-so won’t be able to appear as a guest this week so we got someone else instead,” which was fine since he and Tony never prepared questions beforehand anyway—but it was still polite to listen. Valentina went through a lot of trouble to prepare the meetings. The least Steve could do was listen.
“You found new team members?” Steve asks curiously.
As though they had never been there, all thoughts of Geraldine disappeared from his mind. “Oh, that’s wonderful! Do you think we should make them a casserole?”
“Do you make all of your business decisions like this?” Natasha asks amusedly.
of them hadn’t.
“I should have told you I was talking to Tony. I just didn’t want to hear you say I was making a mistake trusting him again.”
“It’s not like we know how much support Pierce gets from them,” Steve said. “Maybe they donate a lot.” He didn’t like to think about that. In radio, hosts couldn’t always be choosy about the stations they worked for and the values those stations promoted. When he’d left his last job to come to Hydra Programming, he hadn’t been famous enough to join a more liberal station and he’d been leaving one far more conservative than Hydra, but it still left a slimy feeling in his stomach to know that Pierce received so much support from conservative groups. “Maybe if he loses their support, he won’t be able to keep the station running.”
“Don’t
“We have to try,” he said firmly, because he couldn’t ignore a situation going south. He’d never been able to.
“Chatty woman, isn’t she?” Sam observes wryly, joining Steve as they walk down as well. Steve stifles a laugh as he realizes that T’Challa is waiting for them with a worried expression on his face.
“Worst he can do is say no,” Steve points out.
“So you’re still not willing to sign them as they are,” Tony says quietly, fingers tapping a staccato beat on the arm of his chair.
“And I wasn’t kidding. I’m busy tonight, I can’t have Tony over.”
“Right.”
“I met the husband today. His name’s Vision.”
from, that he thought he could get people to listen to him just by complaining?
“Huh,” he said and glared up at the ceiling. Very rude of the rain to stop only once he’d taken care of protecting everything important instead of ten minutes ago or, even better, never starting at all. He glanced at the covered paintings and knickknacks, wondering if he should uncover them again. Probably best not to since he didn’t know what was going on with the water situation in their house. For all he knew (and knowing his luck), it would start back up again as soon as he uncovered them.
a bad idea. He’d talked to Tony, the only person to answer the ad, over the phone and Tony had sounded young, but for all he knows, Tony is actually a fifty-year old serial killer that he gave his home address to because he couldn’t afford a hotel room. He’s thought multiple times over the last forty-eight hours about backing out and asking if one of his friends would model for him instead. Sure they’d make fun of him for it, but it’s still better than ending up dead. Except—except over the phone, Tony had sounded like he needed this too, and Steve has too much of a bleeding heart to drop someone who needs the money just because he’s uncomfortable.
“Yeah, I heard Tony came by to file his papers,” Rhodey says from beside him and Steve jumps about a foot in the air.
He and Tony had fallen back into bed together for the first time three years ago after their one-hundredth episode. Somehow, they’d never managed to
Oh, there are plenty of issues there, to be sure—whatever the Superhero Registration Act is supposed to be has him very nervous—but there’s a lot that actually kind of makes sense. He can easily see Tony, who has been all about accountability since he became Iron Man, thinking that the Accords are a great idea and deciding to get in on the ground floor. And, with a few more tweaks, he can even almost see himself having agreed with it.
“Don’t see why you had to. ‘s not like you didn’t see her for days.”
…No, he hasn’t. Truthfully, the thought hadn’t even occurred to him until this moment. He doesn’t know what he’s going to do if Tony can’t convince the UN to pass the amendments. To Steve, they’re perfectly reasonable requests, but for all he knows, the UN is going to look at them and laugh Tony out of there. And if they do… these amendments are what makes the Accords palatable to Steve. If they don’t pass, he doesn’t know that he’ll be able to promise to sign.
“They do at that. Scott’s trial wrapped up about a month ago. He’s being confined to modified house arrest for a year.”
“I’m gonna run next door to Agnes’!” Steve shouted as he came back downstairs from where he’d been salvaging what he could in his studio. “I’ll see if she’s got a bucket.”
There are other times though—most of the time, really—when he knows better than to say what he’s thinking. It’s times like those when he’s reminded that staying on Howard’s good side—one that’s harder and harder to find these days—means a steady job and financial security, something that’s becoming more and more important as Ana’s medical bills rack up.
“So we’ll do this again? We’ll see each other without talking about the Accords?”
“Hi,” Steve says awkwardly, waving with his free hand.
“Mmhmm, and—”
“I don’t want to leave him out here alone. He deserves better than that from me.”
“You’re an enchanter?” Tony asks, tilting his head.
For as long as they had been working together, getting a drink together had been their code for sex. It had started back after their one-hundredth episode, when they’d gone out for a celebratory drink together and wound up back at Tony’s place, half their clothes torn off before they even made it through the front door. That had been the only time he’d spent the night at Tony’s, too frightened by the soft look in Tony’s eyes the next morning to ever risk it again. Tony had offered to make breakfast, Steve had insisted that it could never happen again, and that had been the end of it—at least, it had until two weeks later when they’d found themselves at the same bar. At the end of the night, fucked out and exhausted, Steve had laid down the boundaries of the new development of their working relationship as Tony tried to convince him to stay the night again. Tony had eventually agreed, and Steve had thought that was it.
“That is literally the definition of counting. And Steve, for the record, I appreciate your advice but despite the best efforts of my parents, I do, in fact, know what I’m doing.”
He nods eagerly, happy to be of help instead of starting any arguments between brother and sister this time. He makes his way around the counter, fingers accidentally brushing against Tony’s back as he walks behind him. There’s a tingle on his fingertips and he shakes his hand out, telling himself that it’s just because of the power Tony has, not because of Tony himself.
“Did Mom show you the coasters she got for the hotel?” he asks her. He pulls something out of his pocket, presumably one of the coasters, and passes it to her.
He hadn’t been saying that, not originally at least, but now that Tony had mentioned it… “It’s not a bad idea, right?”
She gives him a sardonic look. “I think we both know who.”
Caller: [laughs] So, my partner wants to go out for dinner tonight, but I already made plans to go out with my friends. I told them I couldn’t do a date tonight and they got mad at me. This isn’t the first time this has happened and I’m really getting frustrated with them. What should I do?
Tony snapped. “What the fuck? He can’t keep us, but he’ll keep the show? How much you want to bet he’s going to bring in some married straight couple? Can’t have two queers on the show, right? Think of the children! What a—a—”
“Stole the candy?”
she live? He tried again. “She lives…” He honestly had no idea.
Which is why it’s such a surprise when Tony calls him a few hours later, sounding tense again.
“For a year.”
“Well, I’d say consider it a birthday present, but can you imagine the headlines?” Bucky shoots back. “’Captain America lies about birthday on the fourth of July! Birthday is really in December!’”
It makes him wish they could go back to when they’d first heard about the Accords. Maybe, if he’d known how easy they would find it to talk about their disagreements, he would have been more willing to listen than to insist it was his way or the highway.
Tony nodded. “I dreamed that we went to bed last night in separate beds, even though we were in the same room. But that’s just silly, isn’t it?”
“I believe he already knows. He and Shuri talk nearly every week.”
“Trying to get the backup generators online,” Tony says exhaustedly. Steve drags his gaze up to Tony’s eyes. He looks tired and stressed, and Steve starts planning out ways to relax him. “Whoever last inspected them is going to be lucky if they still have a job after this, because they weren’t in any shape to be trying to run the entire tower. The
“Well, I had a lot of fun,” Tony suddenly says, breaking the stillness between them.
“I’ll be honest with you guys. I want you back,” Tony says bluntly. “All of you. Not just Steve, but you too, Sam, and Nat and even Wanda. Thanos might be gone, but there are other threats out there. We’re gonna need the whole team.”
“No,” Tony agreed. “We’ve both—” Steve rolled his hips against Tony’s, making him gasp. “We’ve both been so busy. Darling,
Steve: Yeah, that guy was a jerk.
He shut the door behind him and sank down into his chair, his head dropping into his hands. Tony perched on the side of the desk, looking as worried as Steve felt. For a minute, they were just as quiet as they’d been in the hallway, letting Rumlow’s insinuation sink in the way it hadn’t been able to when they’d been focused on the meeting.
Steve flinched. “It’s nothing,” he said.
Steve bites back an involuntary grin. Yeah, that sounds like New York alright. He grabs the incorporation papers and a pen as he settles down in his chair—a little too short for him but it works for Luis and this is his business so Steve doesn’t complain about it.
“Steve—”
Tony leans his head back against the headrest, turning slightly to look out the window. “More common than you’d think,” he says quietly. “Justin’s mine.”
“I’d like that,” Maria admits, an idea occurring to her. “But I don’t know any of your stories. I wouldn’t want Tony to lose out on hearing yours, and I’m sure it’ll take me some time to learn my own stories, longer if none of us get any sleep because Tony can’t either.”
“I’m a dramatic individual, of course I kept complaining. Doesn’t mean I was serious though.”
sparkly tickets—and then looks back up at Bucky. “You don’t even celebrate Christmas,” he says blankly, at a loss for anything less inane to say.
"You know you can ask me anything Tony, I feel like thats a given considering we were together 20 years." Steve responded,lifting his gaze from his drawings. Suddenly he felt move uneasy than earlier. What on earth could Tony want? He'd just yelled at him for intruding on his boundaries. Maybe he was going to ask if they could put it all behind them - Ha, who was Steve kidding, Tony hated his guts.
After.
Steve chuckled and nodded his head as these empty thoughts continued to spill out of my mouth like toxic waste.
After all, distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Why did I say that? Why did I have to be so horrendously mean towards people who loved me?
Although Peter loved his biological family, he felt closer to his adoptive family. He still lay flowers at their ashes, and looked after the surrounding area, but he'd never really gotten a proper chance to know his parents, uncle and aunt. He had their belongings, but he never kept much, only a few photos, his fathers briefcase and airlooms.
Tony was obviously shocked by this, he didn't expect Steve to want to be friends, but he had to keep up the facade that he was over him. Tony knew that if they were friends after the separation he'd make a move again, and it would kill their friendship.
"Bullshit! You could have asked someone to move, everyone faints at the sight of Steve Rogers, where as everyone runs at the sight of Tony Stark. That's why we're not together anymore!"
Natasha had tried to find out what they came for but found nothing of actual use or anything that can serve as a clue. The computer contained outdated documents and experiments, most they already know about and some were included in the leak from the SHIELD/HYDRA incident years ago. Knowing that they hit a dead end, they had regrouped and left.
“But boss-”
It was a week after when things started to actually fall apart. At least for Tony.
Steve Rogers.
I’ll kill them.
Until it wasn’t.
“And at a time like this? What the fuck is he thinking?” The archer barreled on, his expression morphing quickly to anger as the shock dissipated
He always thought that he’ll be reduced to nothing but a stuttering fool when finally faced in front of the super soldier. With his hard to conceal feelings of love, hurt and betrayal for Steve, he thought he’ll be the one to be stammering and floundering with his words. It turns out that seeing the big and usually strong super soldier fold in on himself and splutter like he’s immensely afraid to hurt him, like he’s fragile and breakable and one wrong word would be enough to do just that. Well, it set him off. He’s pissed off. That ship sailed a while ago. Steve didn’t deserve to treat him like he’ll soon break by just being alone with him and talking their feelings out.
The super soldier thought, his longing gaze followed his tracks as he approached Natasha and Clint, the latter being the most injured of them all. The red head was supporting the archer’s weight as he swayed dangerously on his feet. Natasha slowly laid him on the ground as Tony knelt on his other side. He performed the basic first aid for concussion and checked for other injuries. While he did so, the others were slowly nearing and closing in. Both wanting to know Clint’s condition and also seeing Tony up close.
As if aware of his thoughts, Rhodey clasped a hand on his shoulder and squeezed.
“Of course, Mr. Wilson.” Came the monochrome female voice of the AI. The screen on Sam and Wanda’s right flickered on as the aerial view of the base was displayed.
At that moment, Tony decided. He wanted to offer Thor hope too. And everyone else. Even if that means he have to reveal his other self. His secret.
The engineer either didn’t notice their stares or didn’t mind it. He retracted the wrist gauntlet back to a watch. He slammed the door of his jeep shut and stretched his arms and body up like a cat. He surveyed the clearing with his brown, expressive eyes. Most of the hydra agents are either unconscious or too injured and in pain to move or escape. The Avengers were all frozen in their places as they watched Tony in an array of shock. The mechanic carefully studied each of his former teammates, his eyes tracking their bodies as he looked for injuries and wounds. He reached Steve last, his eyes flashed into something that the super soldier was too slow to catch. He stared at him for a few seconds longer than the rest before snapping his gaze away. Steve felt his stomach drop at that. For what reason, he didn’t know.
“Shut up. I didn’t say anything back, idiot. I’m just acknowledging that we have so much to talk about. That’s it. Don’t get your hopes up, soldier.” Instead of feeling discouraged like Tony expected, Steve let out a snort before tightening his arms around him even more.
Hospital. If you do for some odd reason get lost, ask any local. If you want a free bagel or a
“Punk.” There was no heat between their exchange which made Steve marginally better. They were bantering. Just like the old times.
And it’s not just his value they were missing. Each day, they realize that they were actually missing the genius. Steve more so than the others. He finds himself staring at the billionaire’s usual spot at the dining table, which no one had bothered removing nor occupying. The super soldier finds himself thinking back to the times he and Tony shared. They would often bond over movies or food. He miss Tony. Incredibly so.
In front of them was none other than Helmut Zero.
The team traveled to Catalonia, Spain that night. They were using the Avenger jet, the most advance and state of the art jet aircraft in existence which robbed off a good 2 hours from the expected travel time. The jet was amongst the things that Tony Stark had generously left them two years ago, alongside the Compound, some new weapons and other important things, like funding, that are needed to assure that the Avengers can continue on with their work.
“Don’t kill them. Just restrain them all. We’re taking them to another location tonight. We’ll finish up here and move. We’ll just take
“Then what did I deserve, Rogers?” The super soldier eyes snapped up to meet his.
"How about Wanda's magic? It came from the mind stone, right? Maybe it being from the same source, it'll have the correct properties and energy to break the stones." Tony was already halfway through his sentence when he realize that it was him speaking. He almost winced when every eyes turned towards him, calculating and considering looks on their faces. Though, he wanted to take it back when he saw the realization dawn on Wanda. Her eyes widened.
invincible Iron Man? I’ve been catching up for the last 2 years, you see. I know that he retired and left. He disappeared without a trace. Such a shame that
“Tony?”
“Will you surrender peacefully or would you rather do this the hard way?” Came the impassive, cold voice of Iron Man. It used the flat robotic voice that can send a shiver up anyone’s spine.
Seeing Zemo now, free and well, sparked a deep, vicious hatred in him that he would have been horrified at any other day. A side of him that he didn’t know he possessed. In front of him was the man who took Tony away from him. Steve wanted nothing more but make him pay for every pain he caused him. Them.
"Maybe. And we're in the right place too. Wakanda is the most technologically enhanced country in the world. I'm sure with their help, we could extract the stone from Vision successfully." The engineer said, his eyes drifting to both T'Challa and Shuri who immediately nodded. The Princess also took that moment to contribute.
Tony shouldn’t really be surprised when he stumbled upon Natasha on his way up to the dining area after being locked up in his workshop for 3 days straight. The billionaire was a second too late to realize her presence so he failed to hide the gasp from escaping. The assassin didn’t say anything about his reaction but she did raise an eyebrow at him.
“He has his reasons for not being in the suit, Agent Romanoff. You’ll have to ask Boss yourself.” The AI’s voice sounded cool and austere as she said that.
"Did you just seriously say hitherto undreamt of?" Tony attempted to joke though it fell kind of short after the heavy revelation. He did receive a single snort from Lang and one of the guardians, a man called Quill. He did get thrown a few glares from Clint and Wanda. And surprisingly, a rather amused look from Steve. He kind of expected the blond to reprimand him for not taking things seriously but taking into account their earlier conversation... Yeah. He's not going there. Tony can't afford to get distracted now. Especially not because of an insanely attractive bearded super soldier who is apparently in love with him.
“Iron Man! How nice of you to grace us with your presence-” Zemo snapped out of his daze as his eyes lit up in a predatory manner. His eyes suddenly glazed over with something close and resembling manic. He approached the armor and attempted a conversation before he was cut off.
“D-Did he just defended us?” Wanda asked, dumbfounded. Once again, the Rogues find themselves shocked.
“N-No. Don’t call a-anyone, Fri. Just t-tell Pepper I couldn’t come t-to the meeting today. Tell anyone who asks t-that I can’t be interrupted today. I d-don’t want to see anyone, FRIDAY.” The genius said, dashing back to the safety of his lab.
“Two islands? When the hell did I- You know what? Never mind that. I don’t care. Transfer the list to my phone. I’ll check it later. Also, Fri, prepare the private jet. We’ll leave in say, five hours.”
“What does that mean for us?” The scarlet witch asked.
The genius sobbed out. The arm around him tightened even more as the mechanic let out another whimper.
“No really way of saying this so I’ll just say it outright. I’m a demigod. A
During meetings like these, it wasn’t necessary for every member of the panel to attend. They are forced to attend, however, when the threat affects their own nation or those they are closely affiliated to. The ones that are required to attend are the US, Sokovia and Germany as they are the front runners of the Accords. For this meeting, the aforementioned leaders are joined by Italy and United Kingdom.
The former SHIELD agent had nothing to counter that so he settled with glaring instead. Tony had to fight the smug smile that was attempting to form on his lips.
“There’s actually recent development. Something that our trusted source had given us only yesterday, which is why they’re not in the reports you are reading. They gave us a pattern and algorithm to use as a way to locate their bases. These enabled us to have specific coordinates. As of present, there are three suspected bases with high activity, all of which are located in Southern Europe. One in the northeastern region of Catalonia in Spain, another in Lisbon, and the last is in a quiet countryside in Italy, specifically in the region of Umbria. We want your team to go there, investigate and then infiltrate. The first two locations are mostly in mountains and non-populated areas but the last one is posing a bit of a problem. The location of the last base is near a small village which makes it really worrisome. There hasn’t been any reports from the people there which means that they have no knowledge of the base. I doubt they have any idea it exists. If it’s HYDRA, AIM or any large black organization, we want you to put a stop to it immediately. We want to put a lid on this before it has any chance of being a bigger problem. But please, do not harm or let any harm for that matter, to come to any civilians from the nearby village. Under any circumstances. Am I clear?” The Italian leader may be a soft hearted person but he can be a ruthless person, especially if it’s his people’s safety involve.
The same day, at 1 pm, the Avengers going to the mission were assembled at the conference room of the Compound. They were on video call with the Accords Panel which consisted of the most eligible and competent world leader. The official members were decided through voting amongst the 123 nation leaders that had signed the Accords. The current panel is consisted of the presidents of US, Germany, Russia, Italy, United Kingdom, Japan, China, Korea and of course, Sokovia. They had not shown any acts of hostility nor unfairness towards them which made the Avengers content and satisfied. They always talked with a level of indifference and coolness but not in a way that would make them feel like a threat. The panel treated them like they would a soldier or part of military. That was enough for them.
“This ends here, Zemo! We won’t let you hurt anyone else!” The Captain snarled at him angrily. The height of his emotion was high, enough to bother his team. He’s emotionally compromised, they all thought. He wasn’t thinking clearly. Without their clear headed leader, they were in big trouble.
“That may be what you think but the location is perfect for us! We have everything and
“What-”
“A trusted source? I don’t have any intention to offend the panel but how are you sure that your so called source is to be trusted?” The red head inquired, her back straightened at her leather seat as she searched at the faces of each panel member for any inkling of doubt or apprehension.
"You're saying Vision isn't just the stone?" Wanda asked, her voice hopeful.
For a while, it was perfect.
“If I were to hurt him, you have my permission to kill me.” Was the billionaire’s attempt to joke.
On Saturday, Steve and Tony were outed by the media after they were spotted during their intimate date the preceding night. To say it was a disaster and PR nightmare was an absolute understatement. Articles left and right was released. They trended first worldwide for hours, then proceeded to still trend the following days. They were literally the talk of not just the town, but the whole world. Apparently, being the first official LGBTQ+ superhero couple to come out is a huge deal. Not only were Steve and Tony not allowed to leave the compound, but the rest of the Avengers as well, seeing as their front gate was being hounded by dozens of reporters. This pretty much soiled the mood of everyone.
Tony covered his mouth as he struggled to contain a particularly loud sob from escaping.
To say that he looked stupid openly gaping at Tony while said genius bandaged up his arms was an understatement. At least if the raised eyebrows and smirks he received from his team was any indication.
“I know what you are all thinking. It’s the Accords. That the reason behind all of this is the Accords. I’m not going to deny that. While I support the Accords and its purpose, I don’t fully trust the people behind it. The Accords have potential. It talks about accountability and oversight which I believe in. What went wrong is the way it was rushed and implemented. The 796 paged manuscript was dropped on our lap by the Secretary himself, on our own home. We were given three days to go through all of that before it become an official law. Three days to read and decide. Sign or retire. We were trapped, our hands tied behind our backs. Metaphorically, of course.” That earned him a few laughs.
Tony yelped loudly because obviously Steve took that chance to grope his ass.
“Hey, Tin Man!”
“Woah there, Big Guy. Aren’t you being too pessimistic? Let me tell you, Point Break, that isn’t really doing our already fragile team morale any good.” The genius asked, raising an eyebrow at the demigod.
Out of everyone Tony had ever met, Steve was the last person he thought would betray him. He’s Captain Fucking America for Christ’s sake. But alas, he’s wrong. Yet again. He trusted the wrong person, yet again.
I swear to God
What happened? Who did this to you?
They told the team on Monday. They had celebratory dinner wherein everyone got blackout drunk which they horribly regretted the next morning because they were called to assemble because Doom bots were running amok in the streets of Manhattan. The majority had killer hangovers that led to very public epic fail videos that littered around youtube and Twitter by the end of the fight. Fails consisted of Falcon almost hitting a flock of birds, War Machine almost dropping from the sky before catching himself at the last minute and Hawkeye falling off a building.
Tony found out that Steve’s betrayal hurt far worse than having his godfather literally rip out his heart. The pain he experienced from Obie’s betrayal, the man who watched him grow up, paled in comparison to the suffering he felt from Steve’s. And that’s saying something.
“Captain.” Was Tony’s amused reply. His tone was light and his eyes twinkled with mirth.
“I believe the messenger is expecting an immediate reply, Boss.” The genius let out a shaky breath as he typed out a haste reply.
“You are aware of what my metal arm can do right, Stark?” The tenacious grip strengthened.
“Hey. Thank you for agreeing to meet us.” Rhodey answered after a moment of awkward silence. Tony would have kissed him right there and then. Being the official negotiator and representative of the New Avengers, the others most probably have been waiting for him to speak first. Tony couldn’t handle that. The hand on his lower back (Rhodey’s) was helping him calm down a bit. It anchored him.
“Anyway, I’m here to get those upgraded arrows you promised me last week. You said they were supposed to be ready by now.”
“Everything.” That made the genius take an involuntary step back. His earlier rage had immediately simmered down as shock and confusion made its way through his system. He couldn’t possibly be hearing this right? Either he’s hearing things or Steve’s lying. That’s got to be it because there is no way that Steve would mean-
Isn’t he just pathetic?
btw, the village is made up. At least the name is. Riscoprire simply means 'rediscover' in Italian (according to google translate that is). Sorry this took a while! Got caught up with life and other things! I can't promise that I will be able to update regularly but I will do my best!
“The doctor said he was lucky. Three fractured ribs, few broken limbs, pneumothorax or a collapsed lung, and an aortic rupture. He was touch and go for the first few hours during surgery but he’ll pull through. It’ll take at least 3 weeks to recover. A month at most if there are more complications.” The red head said, her face were stoic but those who know her can tell that she was glad.
“Boss? Should I call Captain Rogers down?” FRIDAY's uncertain voice came on.  Tony adamantly shook his head.
2 years had passed and
“What? You’re going to kill me in my sleep? Choke me with your legs? Torture me to kingdom high? I’ve received plenty of threats in the past weeks. So, get on with it. I have a meeting in 2 hours.”
Clint, Natasha and Wanda were already settled at the back of the jeep. Bucky didn’t even hesitate to jump in next to them. That left Steve with no other option but to sit at the front, next to the genius.
Everything was going fine but the team can’t help but feel like they’re missing something. Or rather, someone. They didn’t know how much they rely on both Iron Man and Tony Stark until they were gone. Sam and Rhodey were great aerial support but they weren’t as intuitive and resourceful as Iron Man. They can’t compute contingencies or make on-the-spot decisions like the genius do. They rely on Steve to give orders and follow them blindly without question. Steve is dismayed at that. He has enough soldiers as it is. What he needs is a co-captain. It wasn’t official but that was how he always treated Stark. As a co-captain. Their previous missions were successful mostly due to Iron Man’s input and suggestions. That’s probably why the Avengers weren’t as efficient and effective as they were before. They lost their other leader. They lost Iron Man.
The billionaire opened his mouth to spit a snarky remark when he was cut off by a loud clapping sounds of an aircraft. They all looked towards the nearing jet.
“It’s only been 2 weeks since you were released from medical. Are you sure you’re up for training already?” The former pararescuer asked, a frown visible on his face as he inspected his fellow bird themed friend for any sign of discomfort. The full time Avengers, san Rhodey and Natasha, were gathered at the Compound’s gymnasium. They were all gearing up for another training session.
“Looks like our guest is here.”
"Yeah. Yeah. You're off the hook for now, I guess." The decorated soldier chuckled fondly.
“As I’m sure you are aware, no law is perfect. There are passages and sections in the accords that are unsettling and bothering. Signing means surrendering our right to choose. What if the panel sends us some place we don’t want to go? What if there is a place where we need to go and they don’t let us? Those were S-Steve’s..” The mechanic’s voice cracked at the mention of his captain’s name. He cleared his throat and tried again.
And with that, the meeting is finished.
"It's as lovely as ever, Tony. I heard about you and Steve. Congratulations."
“He retired? Why?” The former Air Force asked no one in particular.
“We have no time for this, Rogers. Like literally. Just stop and think of what you’re really going to say. Don’t stand there and spit out words and hope they’ll come together on their own. Get to the point and complete your sentences like a grown ass adult, for Christ’s sake!” The super soldier flinched at the harshness of his voice but Tony didn’t want to stop and care for a second. Sue him but he’s damn proud that he got to snap at him. That he didn’t stutter or high tailed. It was pitiful and petty of him to think so but Tony couldn’t find it in himself to care. He wanted this conversation over and done with.
Tony wanted some sort of comfort so he called his trusted Science Bro who went back to India for a few weeks to do some medical and research work. Because Bruce won't be like the others, right?
“Princess.” The billionaire gave her a nod and a large smile which she returned. He did always liked her. After the media dubbed Civil War, Tony had stayed in touch with T’Challa for both Avenger and Accords business. During one of their meetings, the princess had interrupted them just to introduce herself to Tony. Turns out, she always been an admirer of all the technological advancement he had done over the years. That first meeting lead to couple of others. They got along like a house on fire. It came to the point that T’Challa needed to bring her sister every time he had business in the US just so they could meet and play in the lab. Those ‘playdates’ always included Peter who got along even better with Shuri, with all the memes and Gen Z inside jokes they have.
The genius felt a sting at the corner of his eyes as fresh tears started gathering. He has been crying for almost two hours straight now. Not even crying. He was weeping and sobbing. Oh, and drunk.
“Listen here, Stark. Steve is my brother. Not by blood but by choice. I will do anything for that guy. If that includes killing you for hurting him, so be it. If you so much as look at him bad, I’ll make sure no one finds your body. I will break every single bone in your body and rip your insides out. I can kill you in so many ways, some you wouldn’t even dare imagine. So be careful. Tread lightly, Stark. I’m watching you.” With that, she left with a satisfied smirk on her smile.
“You have no injuries aside from a few bruises, cracked ribs and bullet grazes. They can patch you up at the hospital. Your arm though is a different story. There’s a problem with the inner circuits that connects the arm to your nerves. It’ll take a more hands on tinkering to fix it. I can fix it after they look at you at the hospital if you want. Other than that, you’re fine.” Tony then moved on to Steve who was now frozen stiff. This was the closest he is to the genius in years. The super soldier wanted nothing more than to pull the smaller man in his arms and never let go. As much as he want that, he knew it’ll be far from welcome. What with the way that Tony was more on guard with him than he was with the others. It tells him that despite the arm’s length distance, there is still a wall separating them both.
"Yeah.. okay.. so. Um. Tony? You were saying?" Bruce asked, faking a cough and clearing his throat. Everyone turned towards the billionaire who didn’t seem to have heard him. He was busy staring at Steve, this inquiring and scrutinizing look on his face. The super soldier was turned towards his best friend as they talked in hushed voices, no doubt about Steve’s actions. They failed to notice the heated stare of the genius.
“What-”
“Well, have fun with being Fury’s errand boy.” The engineer snorted, his hands moving gracefully across the hologram. A few seconds later, he realized something and stopped to look at the archer.
“Why won’t he just evacuate the village? Isn’t that safer?” Sam asked which got a few mutters of agreement from the rest.
"Captain, 70 years ago, you laid down your life to save how many millions of people. Tell me, why is this any different?" Steve sighed. It was clear that he doesn't have a real counter answer for what Vision had said. While they were talking, something popped up on Tony's mind.
From an outsider’s point of view, he looked bone tired. With his dark bags and slouch posture. However, for those who personally knew the billionaire, they can tell that there is something wrong. That there is something more going on. He
“You’re the best, Tin Man! Thank you!” And with one big, sloppy kiss on the cheeks, the blond went off. He left with a happy skip on his step. The genius can only roll his eyes and smile a little. Though, that smile was completely wiped off when the archer poked his head back in not a minute later.
“Regardless, Stark and I never had a romantic relationship.” The super soldier made clear. The light atmosphere once again turned somber as the Press Conference carried on.
“I know, Viz. You’re made of the Vibranium so bullets don’t have anything on you. I just wanted to ask if you could round these agents up so the UN can pick them up while I drive the others to the hospital? Lang and Wilson can help you since they don’t have life threatening injury.” The Android didn’t reply but gave a firm nod and a miniscule smile that can only be caught if one stared hard enough. The bug themed hero also gave nodded his agreement, though he was far more vocal and enthusiastic than Vision was.
” The super soldier’s name was out of his lips before he knows it. It was an unconscious slip. He wanted to set up a wall between them by calling him by his surname. It was cold and strictly professional. That was something he promised himself. But the somewhat hopeful look on the super soldier’s face almost made up for that mistake.
“FRIDAY, I want you to message the panel. Inform them of what’s happening but make it vague until we have more information. Then contact Kitty Kat. Tell him to prepare because he has visitors incoming and to not engage because they’re friendly. Lastly, inform Strange. Tell him to come here immediately. We’re going to Wakanda.” Satisfied that he got everything covered, he made his way towards the door of the lab. Though, he did glance back at the screen where the message was displayed before he left the workshop.
“Wait. At least a week? That long? For a small technological mishap? Seriously, who are these tech guys the government’s providing you all?” The Colonel sounded surprised at that, his frown deepening as a more calculating look covered his face. Unlike the other Avengers, his suit is given weekly upgrades and checks by a more private sponsor. He always says along the lines of ‘someone from SI’ whenever one of the Avengers ask but they all knew it was a codename for ‘Tony Stark’ who, after his extremely controversial press conference months ago, had disappeared without a trace. Not just from the public, but from almost everyone else, with the exception of a handful of people of course.
"No, Tones. You got it right this time so don't worry. Though, if you did spend too much time on your workshop enough to forget the date, you'll have to worry more about FRIDAY telling on you than me. She'll rat you out not only to Nana Rosa, but to the whole town as well." That made the billionaire groan in agreement. That particular incident happened a few times since Tony moved in. Enough times that FRIDAY have a protocol dedicated to it. Whenever he hits the 48-hour mark of nonstop work at the shop, the AI would send out an alert to certain people so they could pester the genius out to rest and eat. At first, it was only sent to Pepper and Rhodey but due to the distance, FRIDAY opted to send one to Nana Rosa, who lived a few minutes from Tony. Overtime, the people part of that list grew and grew. At present, it contains almost majority of the town.
They reached the Catalonia Region at around midnight. They parked the jet at a good distance from the suspected base and started planning their course of action. At 2 am, they were satisfied with their plans and called it a day. They resigned for the night and settled at the sleeping area built inside the aircraft. At 10 am the next day, Clint, Bucky and Natasha, the trained spies of the team, set out to start observing the base. Vision, Scott and Steve also went out and started mapping the area, looking for the possible exit points and hiding spots in case the base is actually in use and active. They didn’t want any agent to stray or escape. Meanwhile, Sam and Wanda remained at the jet to guard.
“The hard way then.” Iron Man said in the same monotone voice. Without any more warning, the little shaft on his shoulders lifted as small missiles were launched, all in a coordinated and organizer fashion. About 20 agents, including the ones holding some of the Avengers down, were immediately incapacitated as they went down instantly. A few more were knocked out by the missiles from the ones on his arm. This apparently woke everyone from their shock as everything went into motion once again. This time, the Avengers, with Iron Man’s help, were at clear advantage.
But post-Afghanistan Tony? With everything that went down, he’s surprised that he hadn’t broken down yet. Sure he had more panic attacks in the past week compared to the past year combine. But that’s to be expected, right? He’s so fucked up that just couldn’t take a
This was the first sighting of Iron Man in years. And like always, he commanded everyone’s attention. Just standing there, glistening under the glare of the sun was enough for anyone to stare. A deep silence enveloped the place as they all were seemingly frozen in place, openly gawking at the newly arrived guest. All eyes settled on the technological marvel as the almost emotionless laminating orbs of the armor surveyed the clearing as though analyzing the place.
Taking a deep breath, Steve let himself be pulled by Bucky. He gave his best friend a grateful nod. As he was trying to reign in his emotions, Zemo said something that finally snapped his last bit of control.
“If that is all, you are free to go. You all will be leaving tonight at 7 pm sharp.”
more. The moment they initiated the attack, everything went downhill fast. They did catch HYDRA off guard during the start. They were at advantage during the first 10 minutes since they started the attack. The tables were unfortunately turned when few of the agents managed to stray from the main fight. They were apparently looking for the Avenger Jet in which they were successful in. The fight halted for a few seconds when the ground shook from a small explosion.
Today was apparently one of those usual trips when Sam didn’t come, Tony realized, as he saw the man in the common room when he entered for his morning supply of coffee.
“Spacecraft? Shit. Are they friendly? Did they initiated contact? Sent a message? Declare intergalactic war? Anything?” He was frantically typing on the technically advanced flat surface, as his other hand reached out to press the Avengers button to call an immediate Assemble.
“The fall of SHIELD did a number on us, as expected. It lured out most of our sponsors, plants and protectors. We needed to hide back in the shadows and regroup.” It baffled the Avengers. SHIELD fell 4 years ago. That means almost 4 years of preparation.
