“Cas. Cas, look at me.” He did as the gentle voice told him. And Dean’s eyes were so green, and warm. “I promise I will be very happy once we expect a child. I will love it, no matter which gender. And who says only an alpha can inherit the throne anyway? My grandfather wasn’t one, and he had still been king.” Dean stroked a hand over Castiel’s face. “But that doesn’t matter now. Because you are not pregnant, yet. And as much as I look forward to having children with you, I just as much like to spend some time getting to know you first. All this,” he waved a hand between their bodies, “has happened pretty fast. There’s still so much we don’t know about each other.”
And that only meant Castiel felt even more embarrassed about it this morning. Which must have been obvious by the way he had stuttered out hardly coherent words and then just started walking away the second he got up. Gods, he wished he would have appeared more composed about the whole affair.
Even for Jack’s standards, it sounded a little stiff. Maybe he was just spending too much time with Castiel and Ketch.
“I was trained to be a soldier before I presented,” Castiel said with pride in his voice. He wanted that stranger to know that he was able to defend himself. If only to stop him from getting any ideas. “And I do know how to use it. Ask Abaddon.”
When Jack was finished, he stood and put his plate in the dishwasher, just like Castiel always insisted he would, and Dean sat down opposite the omega. He put two cups of coffee on the table, one for himself, one for Castiel – and even handed the still wide-eyed father a plate with another sandwich. While Jack was still turned away, Dean mouthed towards a perplexed Castiel:
“It was a miracle that they had not come for the rest of us, but maybe they had never found out her name. Maybe they hadn’t even cared. Dad was no use for some time after that. He was obsessed with plans to kill Azazel, and hardly cared about anything else. He was not the man he used to be, overwhelmed by guilt and hatred. Sammy and I needed to work twice as hard to keep anyone from noticing that Dad was hardly in the workshop anymore. It was just plain luck that no one had asked for Sammy at the time. Poor boy was going through a tough time already – he was devastated because of Mom, and his fox had started to devour him. And then Dad finally confronted Azazel and all hell broke loose.”
Once, Castiel stumbled over loose stones, but before he could sprain his leg, Benny had caught him. The chocolate brown wolf was leading Castiel around a swale – but no matter how gently he had touched him, Castiel was still scared the alpha might make any advances, and he shrank back with a low whimper.
When the soldier moved quickly away to do as asked, Benny looked at Dean. “Do you mean… he cannot ride?” He sounded a little incredulous which was not too surprising as riding was a skill most Winchesters had learned before they were five winters old.
“Really? Well that is … awesome, actually. This means you get to handle her from now on. Ha!” Dean seemed quite pleased with this solution.
Dean had the audacity to laugh at his mate’s outburst. He sobered up quickly though, when he saw Castiel’s hurt expression. “I am sorry, baby. But unlike you, I don’t have the slightest doubt that Sammy will love you. And about that other nonsense? First of all, you are gorgeous.”  At that Dean leaned in and nipped at his mark. It made Castiel shiver – and though he knew he was not beautiful, at that moment it was enough that Dean seemingly thought so. “And old? I mean
“Oh, Cas, don’t look so mad. Do you have any idea how torturous those last weeks have been? To go to sleep next to you every night, and not be able to touch you. I thought I might go crazy.”
By Monday morning, they had been through both packages of condoms – and Castiel woke up with a feeling of total bliss. He was not even repulsed by the strong scent of his heat after his hormones had settled down again – nor did he feel too bad for the alpha who must be pretty exhausted right now. He could hear the water running in the shower and hurried down to make breakfast – with the biggest smile plastered on his face. When Dean had to go back to work an hour later, Castiel could hardly make himself stop touching the other man – and that feeling seemed to be quite mutual. He followed him to the door where Dean kissed him deeply for the last time. Leaving Castiel grinning like an idiot, despite his disappointment.
“So now that you got busted, you just came up with the next colourful lie. And we are all expected to feel bad for the helpless little omega that had been treated so horribly?”
Just as he had said the words, Dean pulled back again and studied Castiel wordlessly. It was too dark for the omega to be able to see the look in Dean’s eyes, and he was becoming nervous when Dean just watched him for long seconds.
“Well, he also said that people were not supposed to move outside of their units – and look at us! Hunters, merchants, scribes, carpenters – all in one place, working with each other just fine.”
The alpha had also stepped out of his shoes but he hadn’t lain down once; he just observed Castiel’s reactions to the various beds, obviously enjoying the childlike enthusiasm of his mate. After some time, he walked directly to the one bed Castiel kept glancing at and sat down on it.
“Have I ever told you that your heat makes you even bossier than usual,” Dean chuckled, but he stopped stroking over Castiel’s member.
Castiel looked down at the scene in the garden from out of the ceiling-high window in the living room. His nails dug into his skin, but he didn’t really notice the pain. He was much too focused on the figure of his Mate.
Castiel chose not to reply – which seemed to disappoint Charlie, because it was Sam who then explained: “Crowley used to work as a lawyer and had a certain reputation to get even the guiltiest culprits acquitted. He was just that good – and of course, also that expensive. But about ten years ago, he turned his back to trial courts and started to work as Legal Counsel for big companies, with a specialty for contracts. He is obviously very clever and quit-witted – and from what we have learned so far, little power games seem to be right up his alley. He is not the most dominant of alphas, but he makes that up in wit. He had only mated Meg a few months ago, and to be honest, we could not find out much about her. But that is not too surprising for an omega, who are still often hidden away until they are mated off. She seems to be Crowley’s third mate.”
“I… ahem… should get going, too.” Charlie still stared perplexed at the closed door. “And I hope this will be the first and
It took a lot of time until finally everyone was sitting and eating their main course. The commotion had deflected Castiel long enough, but now he was nervous again. It was important to him that all his guests liked his meal.
“Thank you, Jack.” The tone was not unkind, but it was a clear dismissal. Jack did not walk back to the camp like Castiel expected; instead, he took Claire’s place in her group and started training like the rest. Castiel assumed he had been told to keep an eye on the royal omega instead of his training session this morning.
“And once we find a buyer, we’ll move to the city. Billy’s really excited about it.” Tessa chuckled. “When I told her I was finally ready to sell the home I grew up in, she even hurried over to Lilith’s to ask her for advice.”
“You know, I had been thinking about this already. Everyone here knows at least some basics in self-defence. And I would feel better after you had some training as well.”
They trotted along for over three hours until they reached the gates of a city. For the last half hour, they had occasionally met a couple of other wolves as well as people, who all had greeted Dean heartily.
“Yes, yes, all right. You can lecture his royal highness about the boring stuff another time. Point is, Cas, we cannot just kill Michael and start a completely new system at the same day. It will take time. And until we reach out final goal ---”
“And Clarence? Please don’t tell anyone about this. Promise me. Crowley will be mad at me for telling you the truth as it is. If anyone else finds out what we are trying to do, the last few months will have been useless.”
“That’s good enough, I guess. Next. Raise your hand if you are still in favour of Castiel staying in the pack, treated as a full member.”
, before Uriel stormed out. But he doesn’t know who said it, Uriel, Ishim, or even another possible visitor. As it turns out, Ishim was quite popular during the two days he spent in the hospital, had a lot of visitors. Anyway, the nurse didn’t see anyone else, just Uriel storming down the halls after some yelling. He said he smelled… frightening, furious. Ishim was released only a few hours later.”
Castiel might have been convinced that the last two days had just been a heat-infused fever dream, if not for the wonderful scent that still lingered in the room. Usually, Castiel could hardly wait to wash his sheets after a heat, but this time, he already considered to just never clean them again – at least not as long as they smelled like Dean. So he had something to remember him by.
“What can you expect?” Castiel hoped his voice sounded like it was rough from anger instead of his almost-crying. “Metatron just suggested I should rather stay at home than in a police station. Maybe I should take some cooking classes before I resign.”
“I am sorry about that. I did not expect Bobby to come by. And he has a key, so he never knocks. No manners, that old grump.” Dean chuckled lightly, but Castiel could see that the alpha was worried.
She shrugged. “He might. But the wonderful thing is: He will still loose.” Her smile turned feral again. “Even if I don’t manage to literally cut his heart out of him once he opens that door.”
“I am Meg, by the way. Another old member of the Hellhounds pack.” Castiel smiled shyly at her, until she looked him over with a smirk on her face. “Too bad Dean saw you first. Maybe we could have had some fun.” She winked – and Dean growled lowly. “Hey, no fuss. I am just saying.” Castiel could see the mischievous smile in her eyes, and despite her crude words, he liked the alpha.
an alpha, you know. Sam is the one who will always get in contact with his brain before he makes a decision – and he usually can get Dean to at least listen to his reasoning. I can’t say much about what other packs would say to this, but I think we all here have learned that it is healthy to have a beta high up in ranks. Doesn’t mean Dean might not go with his instincts in the end anyway, but so far, his gut has never let us down. He’s a good leader.”
Dean frowned. “And alphas? They can sleep around? I am not a mathematician, Cas, but even I can see that this seems … ambitioned.”
!” She led them to a table and the pair took their seats, but instead of leaving them Jo sat down as well and kept talking. “I am a bit disappointed that it took you so long to come here. I was just giving you one more day. But tomorrow, I would have knocked down your door, Winchester!”
The wheels in Castiel’s head turned rapidly. He could not tell the truth. For one, the Winchesters and the Angyal family had a bloody history. Castiel was even ready to admit that his family was the villain of the story – after all, they had been the first to attack. So, he should better not tell the alpha who he was. On the other side, the story of an omega who – with the help of a couple of friends – had run from their intended alpha would hardly stir any sympathy in another alpha.
But Jack was not the only one who spent a lot of time learning to accommodate to his new life. The weeks after his Mating, Castiel was busy trying to get used to the new bond. He still was not able to find out everyone’s exact position, but he could tell with relative certainty if someone was in the same house, if he concentrated on them. Hard. But that was the biggest problem: Whenever he concentrated on someone – or sometimes merely thought about them, really – he would often accidentally intrude on them. Unfortunately, the shifters usually felt his presence and probably thought he was trying to listen in on their thoughts. Which was ridiculous, because he could not do that, nor could Dean. But he could sometimes get a glimpse of what they were feeling at the moment. Like that time he had accidentally stepped into a very – very! – private moment between Garth and Bess. Castiel felt embarrassed afterwards, but Garth only laughed it away, telling him that everyone could know how very – very! – happy his Mate made him. Dean, of course, nearly fell over when Castiel had begged him to help him stay out of other people’s sex life. But Castiel had still trouble with the new bond – even though some patient volunteers like Sam or Charlie tried to help him figure it all out. He found out that he could theoretically call them to him, like Dean could, but with less force. It was more like a polite request, not a direct order they could not refuse. He could never say what someone was thinking, but he could receive some strong emotions if he concentrated on someone – unlike Dean, who could always tell if someone was scared or stressed, even without looking for it. And through the pack bond Castiel had a stronger idea of the character of a person, and even saw some of the shifters differently than before. For example, he had a strange new fondness for Alex who seemed to care a lot more for the pack than she usually let anyone see; and he was more wary of Ketch than before. That alpha might not want to lead his own pack, but he was certainly too dominant to be content with his current position in the long run – Castiel feared he might one day decide to challenge Sam or Crowley. Crowley, on the other hand, was still a lockbox for Castiel – the alpha was good at shutting him out. He had even barked at him once that he better never even think about him. Castiel had worried, thinking the alpha was hiding something, but Dean had laughed it off, telling him Crowley just liked to pretend he was oh-so-very mysterious. But unlike Crowley, most shifters were patient with him when he had accidentally called them again. For the hundredth time, trying to learn how to think about someone
The alpha stepped back as abruptly as he had gripped the omega, and Castiel let out a relieved sigh.
And, yes, now he absolutely thought it was worth it. Jack would be worth so much more. And he had gotten help from unexpected sides, like Gabriel and Balthazar. Castiel just was not sure he could go through something like that again.
“Dean.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s knee and was relieved once the alpha finally looked up at him. “Dean, I very much enjoyed what happened last night. And you did not do anything that I did not want. You never have. In fact, I have been quite huffed when you left.” There was a shy smile tugging at his lips for a second. “And this… misunderstanding is just as much my fault as it is yours. I have been confused why you had not claimed me yet, but I could have just asked… anyone about this. But I didn’t.”
It felt like the world had suddenly shifted around him while he was asleep. It was not a bad change – at least he didn’t think so since he felt just wonderful. His heat was over and he lay in a soft bed with his mate beside him.
“Not that that makes Crowley more bearable during my heats. All he wants to do is fuck.” Castiel clearly was not comfortable with those kinds of conversations and Meg snickered. “You might not have noticed, Clarence, but we are not all as happily mated as you are.”
“Of course. I am just surprised you can get going so fast.” Castiel bit his lips at his own teasing insult, but Gabriel did not seem offended.
.” Dean licked his lips. “And, Cas, no matter who I am going to settle down with, there is no guarantee for pups. He or she might be infertile – or I might be. Who knows? Just as much as there is no guarantee that you are either. And this is not a dealbreaker. No matter who I would be mated to, do you really believe that I would --- what? Walk away if there was no pup after eighteen months?
Castiel blinked rapidly. He had not said anything like that, had he? He might have felt some sympathies for their cause, but there was still a long way to actively help them. But maybe, if they believed he was on their side, they would let him go.
“I believe you are a very good alpha, Dean.” Castiel blurted out. Dean looked at him with that warm expression that always made Castiel’s skin tingle – but there was still enough doubt in Dean’s eyes for Castiel to urge on: “You listen a lot more to your pack than most leaders do. And though everyone respects you, no one seems scared of you. For a head alpha, that is rare. I have never seen a pack so well balanced and even your servants or the townspeople are not in need of anything. You spent the last weeks preparing for winter – but not only for you and your family. But for the whole pack. I have seen you hunt and share your food as well as help fix roofs and teach the children to shift.” Castiel looked Dean straight in the eyes. “I have seen plenty of head alphas, Dean, but never one like you.”
“And just. I have been reading up about this. There are some places where the people already have power. Like Ziemia, where…”
Dean took his hand and led Castiel to a small sofa. They set down next to each other, thighs touching.
When Dean stepped through the door less than fifteen minutes later, his voice sounded surprisingly chipper: “So, you’re having secret admirers, Cas? I’m not sure how I feel about that.”
Castiel nodded, but still kept staring at Dean’s crotch. The alpha then sat up and captured his lips again. After a moment he started kneading Castiel’s still clothed backside, until the omega moaned softly and had forgotten about his fears for now.
“…you would not be averse to welcome them between your legs.” Meg finished Sam’s stuttering with a smirk.
As he arrived before the door, Castiel took a deep breath. It was time to find out if all the horrible stories held much truth. Uriel, who had walked behind him, knocked softly at the wood, and after an invitation from inside, he opened it for Castiel. The omega prince walked in, eyes to the floor as he was to meet with two kings. But he momentarily glanced up to find out who else was present – and to sneak a look at his betrothed. He was glad that they met in Michael’s more private meeting room, so there were only a couple of guards present. And Gabriel.
That night for the first time in years, Castiel cried. Not just a few quiet tears; he cried out everything he had. And though the alpha kept quiet, Castiel could swear he felt something wet dropping on his head at some point.
Charlie scoffed. “Yes, nice try. Dean is the pack leader. Doesn’t matter if Ishim was higher in ranks than her; her loyalty needs to lie with Dean. And his prospective mate.”
“Of course not. Omegas should never talk badly about respectable alphas,” Tessa replied sweetly before Naomi could finish her sentence.
Now it was Castiel’s turn to look at Dean in wonder. “I’m not, Dean. I mean… I don’t agree with all your decisions. But I can understand why you’re acting the way you do.”
standing pretty far away from the counter. They had planned to get some burgers-to-go and Dean had ordered the food while Castiel had intended to wait outside, enjoying the sun on one of the first warm days of spring. But when the waitress had greeted Dean with an overly cheery wave, Castiel had moved closer to the inside and was now basically standing in the open door. Where he could watch her hand brushing over Dean’s as she handed him their burgers.
There was a question somewhere in those words. It took Castiel a few seconds to figure it out, but then he replied with a wide smile: “Me too.”
Charlie huffed out a chuckle. “What we’re trying to say, Castiel… we don’t want to watch you be miserable anymore, pining after Dean.”
“Jack?” Castiel asked with furrowed brows. Maybe he had not noticed him in the chaos before. Dean liked to think he had been a little preoccupied with worrying about his Mate – it was a childish emotion, being happy he had been more important to Castiel for a moment. And his delight did not last long, as he looked closely at Jack. Or rather, at the beast inside of him.
The short drive to Castiel’s apartment was spent in silence other than curt directions from the omega. When they finally parked the car in a quiet area of town, Castiel made no move to get out or say anything. He just stared ahead and tried to come to terms with what was happening.
Castiel knew where she wanted to go, and he could not deny his own curiosity. So he followed her through the corridors, two guards on his tail, until they found the perfect lookout in one of the towers. All too soon, Castiel would need to go down himself and greet his guests in person, but here he could watch them without being seen. As it was custom, guests from far away would first be shown to their chambers and get some time to refreshen themselves and maybe even take a nap before they would meet their official host. Which meant this was the perfect opportunity to get a first glance at his husband. Castiel just had to make sure to stay halfway in the shadows. It would be embarrassing if Samuel Winchester would later recognise him as the weirdo staring out of a peephole.
Finally, they arrived at the parking lot in front of a tall building. On their short walk to Dr Masters’ practise, Castiel tried to stay a few steps behind the alpha. Which Dean made exceedingly difficult by always waiting up on him.
The Alpha changed their position, so they lay on the sides, facing each other. Castiel was humming happily as Dean stroked through his hair and his nose was pressed to the crook of Dean’s neck.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. He had always assumed that Dean would not mind which gender their child would be. He had never mentioned he had hopes for an alpha son or something else many other alphas might say. But of course, that was not what had Dean concerned:
“She didn’t really have a chance. Rogers heard me saying that I…” Castiel looked concentrated at his remaining peas once more, feeling strangely embarrassed. “… that if Jody wouldn’t help me, I would just find another way to get you out.”
“It is,” Jack admitted before Dean could answer. “But we can make exceptions for special occasions, right? Like Gabriel’s birthday, when we got home after
After they were both finished, Dean crawled back on the bed. He tugged the omega to his side, head resting on the alpha’s chest, and pulled the comforter over both of them.
“Come on, Cas.” Dean briefly kissed him on the top of his head before turning around, Castiel still holding onto his arm.
When Dean finally parked the Impala in front of their apartment, he took Castiel’s hands – and the omega let out a whimpering sound at the mere touch.
“Congratulations, sweetpie. You got yourself a good one. I know you’ve had it rough, but he is gonna take care of you now. Just don’t make it too easy on him. Those alphas need to be reminded that they are not actually the masters of the universe.” She winked at him and instantly stepped back when Dean returned with the trash bags.
,” Meg added drily, and Castiel frowned at her. He had heard Winchester shifters use the title before, even if it was not as common as in Heavensgate. “Again, as an omega it is not expected of you. And when you do, it will always have a strong impact. So, only use it after someone literally saved your life, or the whole pack, or of course, to flatter your mate.”
“It’s alright, Ambriel. I can squeeze them in between. Follow me, please.” She added towards the freshly mated couple.
Castiel looked around and saw they stood in front of something that looked like the entrance to a cave. They were alone, obviously Dean had ridden ahead of the rest, who would mostly be on foot. Dean then pulled something out of a saddle bag. He handed Castiel a pile of clothes and some soap.
“In Winchester, one is deemed an adult at the age of seventeen, and thus, he is already of age to take a mate. And the Winchesters are not so hung up on the idea that the omega has to be younger than the alpha.”
Naomi turned around wordlessly and Castiel followed her into the spacious office. For a second, he remembered his hyena-comparison from this morning, but he determinedly pushed that thought away.
Dean’s words felt like ice water. The evening had been so nice, Castiel had almost forgotten they only played a role. For the last two hours, he had felt like he and his mate, Dean Winchester, visited a nice neighbour to share dinner with. That was how relaxed the atmosphere had felt during the last few hours.
Before Castiel could say anything, Dean had started to rearrange his clothes and thrown various items on the bed.
Even though the alpha’s tone was light, he watched Castiel with a concerned expression. Of course, that sent just another warm feeling to the omega’s stomach. Dean really tried to be considerate. And even though Castiel felt exhausted – since he got up that day he had experienced more different emotions than he normally would have in a month – he was also curious to meet more friends of Dean’s. The alpha had mentioned Ellen and Jo before and Castiel knew they were like family to him. Since everyone he had met so far had been incredibly nice to him, he had also lost some of his initial anxiousness.
After letting Castiel adjust to the wide girth for a moment, Dean started moving. Slowly at first, but soon he sped up and plunged deeply into the omega. The alpha was practically draped over him, one hand on the smaller man’s hips, the other stroking over his head and neck. After some time, Castiel could feel the base of Dean’s cock swell and just at the thought of finally feeling that knot in him, his hands gave out and Castiel landed awkwardly on his elbows.
But Dean did not seem to register Benny’s attempt to conciliate, he just kept his eyes on Uriel – who still managed not to look directly at Dean. But Castiel could feel the air tickle like it was electrically charged and he knew it would only be a matter of seconds until at least one of the alphas would lose control.
After some quiet minutes, Dean finally turned back to human form, and this time, Jack followed suit.
The rider who had brought him here stayed still on his horse behind Castiel, while a woman was getting off her own mare and crouched down next to Castiel.
claimed against their will. That way, when an alpha bit them during sex, it would only leave a mark, lasting for a couple of days.
Castiel remembered hardly anything about the ceremony. It was all a blur. He knew he was walking through the aisles to the sound of bells, and still the wonderful singing of the birds outside. But he hardly recognized a face in the crowd.
to do, but … you know, work.” But there was never any bite in his tone. It was true that the two of them had very different interests, but it never seemed to be a problem. If anything, they seemed to rub off each other in a healthy dose. In the last year, Dean had even picked up a book every now and then – and Castiel enjoyed going outside or take short trips with Jack and Dean more than he had expected. And as it turned out, Jack was not that much of an indoor kid as Castiel always had assumed. He still was not the most practical or athletic person, but with Dean’s guidance, he now could help change a tyre or handle a bow and arrow – and was really excited about those things. Even though he was still interested in scientific experiments most of all.
“Enough now. You are prettier than my people give you credit for, I have to admit. If I had more time, I might have enjoyed your company a little.” She suddenly had a hand on Castiel’s thigh and squeezed, hard. Castiel let out a panicked yelp, which only seemed to amuse her. “Oh, you Veenahians. Lucifer was right. You are all so prude.” Then suddenly, she held a knife in the hand she had just gripped his thigh with. “But, like I said, no time to teach you about the pleasures of the flesh.”
“Of course he hasn’t.” Claire turned to Donna with dramatically widened eyes. “Donna, don’t be mean. You know how sensitive Dean is about his animal form!”
Alfie walked to the door, yawning theatrically, pushed the handle down and said: “He is all yours, Alpha.”
Castiel could swear he heard Dean’s teeth grinding at the name, but the alpha managed to grumble: “I’ll have the same. Thank you.”
Castiel hardly registered what Dean had said since the alpha was still stroking over his arm. He seemed unaware of it, however.
The interaction between his mate and the boy made Castiel smile involuntarily. He was a bit surprised to see how easily Dean interacted with the child, hunkering down to bring himself to the same height, joking with an open grin.
Crowley opened his mouth to say something, but Dean only looked at him, and the alpha stopped mid-breath. He had probably seen his wolf lurking out of his eyes. He wanted to take over. But he was not in a threatening mood, not at all. His wolf felt like howling out in victory. But Dean was not so sure.
For the first time since Sam had started talking, his face showed a peaceful expression. Whenever Hannah had told Castiel about the moment her bond had been broken, there was a painful grimace on her face – but Sam only seemed serene.
The other couple were two males. The alpha sat upright in a nearly comical manner. He was obviously trying to make himself appear more dominant than he was – next to Dean’s casual dominance his posturing was downright laughable. The omega was standing behind his mate, a thick collar around his neck, gaze submissively lowered. Castiel’s stomach turned at the thought that this might have been him. Dean seemed to notice his discomfort and let a confirming hand rest on his knee.
The good news was, they were so focused on their contempt for each other that they left Castiel alone for most of the time. Naomi did not even seem to notice how Castiel teared up as he chopped the onions – otherwise, she would have undoubtedly pointed out his dilettantism. But it was still a painful afternoon in which Castiel tried to make polite conversation while Naomi constantly reprimanded Alastair for doing this or that wrong. Castiel might have sympathised with the man if he had not kept glaring at him – as though it was Castiel’s fault that Naomi was concentrating her condescendence on him alone. Yep, Alastair was definitely able to kill someone. But like most omegas in Little Heaven, he had no car, probably not even a driver’s licence, and it was hard to believe his alpha would not notice if he sneaked out at night to attack someone. And how would he even know which ones to attack? Not to mention that even though he seemed to be quite strong – he would hardly be able to compete with a male alpha. Also: Who would voluntarily invite that man into their home?
Dean chuckled, but it seemed a bit forced, and Castiel stood as well, a bit confused. He looked down at himself, wondering for a second if he was dressed for the occasion, but he felt quite comfortable in these clothes, and since Dean hadn’t said anything… He put on the leather shoes next to his bed and tried to prepare himself to deal with whatever the night had in store for him – both during dinner as well as afterwards.
But instead of being reassured by the prospect of travelling in company, he just felt even more anxious, knowing he did not only jeopardise his own safety but theirs as well.
Dean’s alpha stirred again. Had he done the wrong thing? But he had thought Castiel had agreed with him at the time.
Dean hadn’t interrupted Castiel during his short speech and now the alpha closed him tightly in his arms again. Castiel could feel that the alpha was trying to appease both of them – he could clearly scent the anger rolling off Dean in waves. Oddly enough, it didn’t scare him, if only because he noticed how hard Dean tried to calm himself down.
waited on Dean and his usual Full-Moon-passion – but he regretted them as soon as he saw the painful expression on Dean’s face.
Just this morning, Castiel had thought about running away. About starting a life of his own. But he had also wished for a pack. He remembered how lonely he had been during the months he was hiding. He remembered how he had craved a wolf for company and touch.
And right now he was lying flat on their sofa as Dean opened his pants to stroke Castiel’s member to full erection, the smell of slick already strong in the room while neither man looked at the TV anymore. Castiel quickly pulled his pants and underwear down, shirt still on, and turned around on all fours on the sofa, presenting for Dean.
“I have been thinking about this, even before you bit me. When you marked me with… in your cabin.” He hissed in pleasure when Dean pushed the first finger into his hole, teasing slowly in and out while more slick kept running down his thighs.
On his way, Castiel desperately wished he had something interesting going for him – but he was a tax accountant for goodness sake! It was almost universally agreed this was the most boring job one could have. (No matter how much Castiel liked it.) And he didn’t look too special either. He himself thought his eyes were quite nice – but he didn’t even remotely resemble those pretty omegas you see on TV. And his voice. Would suit an alpha better than an omega. Castiel suddenly felt like he waded through water, it was so hard to move forwards. What if his alpha wasn’t pleased with him? What if he tried to reject him.
It was already well after five when Castiel walked through the hall of open offices again, where there was still a dimmed atmosphere. He felt devastated, because he had obviously not been able to convince the investigating detective that Dean was innocent. He might have even made the situation worse. He himself could see there were quite a few possible motives for Dean to kill Uriel.
He played with the dagger on his belt, which was mostly covered by his cloak. He did not want Uriel to joke about his weapon as well. It had been a gift from Anna to his 21st birthday. She had given it to him in secrecy, and Castiel had cried, so moved had he been. It was good to know that his former teacher had not forgotten about his ambition, or his skills. She even sometimes met with him, when he was out with Balthasar, to spar a little with them. Balthasar was the overseer of the royal stables and had been assigned as Castiel’s riding teacher. The omega had long ago found out that Balthasar regularly stole little jewels from Michael’s saddlery. Considering how Michael talked down to the man, Castiel could not blame him – but he had used the information to blackmail him to ride out with Castiel for hours and even sometimes fence with him. Balthasar had been surprisingly good with a dagger. And after some time, Castiel liked to think, they had even become friends. He would sure miss him. At least Balthasar would not doubt his riding skills. He would probably even agree that it would distract him from his worries.
As the blue-eyed man kept staring at him directly, Lucifer did not seem surprised by Castiel’s open defiance, but he still looked furious that one of his wolves – and an omega at that! – would even try to challenge him.
As soon as the door closed behind Alfie, Castiel pushed three fingers in his hole. Soon, he moaned out wantonly and finished with the image of Dean in his mind.
“Slow down, Claire.” Castiel took her arms and led the girl towards the next bench. They sat down together, and Castiel studied her with a frown. Whatever Claire thought she had done wrong, he was sure it was not that bad. Dean would not have left him alone with the young alpha if he suspected she had anything to do with the events of last week. But still, she seemed to think so.
Castiel blushed a little and replied: “Thank you,” in an all too formal tone. Then he added, with an untypically playful smirk: “You don’t smell too bad yourself.”
But the one who scared Castiel the most was Amara. He felt his hands shake when the black wolf spurted through the gate. She was tall, even bigger than Dean’s wolf, and just looking at her, Castiel remembered all the terrifying stories he had heard about Amara as a child. Her fur was not only black, it was so dark it felt like she was sucking in all the colour around her. When Dean stepped forward to greet her, she turned to human form. And Castiel did not enjoy it when the naked woman hugged his mate. He might even have let out a low growl, not exactly a polite way to greet a stranger. But Castiel had remembered what Sam told him about how Amara had once sought to bond with Dean herself. Luckily, she did not seem to take offense of his reaction but merely stepped back.
The first year had not been easy, for anyone. Adam had lost his mother and met his previously absent father practically at the same time. But the beta was not the only one who had needed to get used to the sudden change in their family bonds. Dean was willing to admit that he had been angry with his father for never knowing, never caring, about his son before. Especially since John had insisted, basically since the day he presented, that Dean needed to chew whistler’s bark every night, so there would be no
Castiel sighed. He knew thinking like that was stupid and would not help anyone. Even if Castiel had not met Uriel and they had both stayed at home – his ex might have still sent those texts, and Dean might have still snuck out to Peaceful Haven behind Castiel’s back. In any case, Dean was a grown man and responsible for his own actions – not to mention stubborn. When he set his mind on something, it was hard to convince him of anything else.
After one harsh bark of a big black wolf, who had been the first to prowl forwards, the strangers attacked as one. Even from so far away, Castiel could see the wolfish smile on Lucifer’s face. Only a second later, the meadow was filled with around thirty wolves, fighting with each other for their lives.
In an instant, Castiel was off the bed and on his knees before the alpha. Face leaning towards the other man’s cock.
your face all red?” Gabriel repeated with an all-too-innocent expression, and Castiel sent him a death glare.
Thank you so much for all your supportive comments and kudos – they always make me happy and kept me motivated to finish this story. <333
“You like it?” Dean asked when they had finished their tour on the roof. There was something next to trepidation in the alpha’s voice.
Dean spun him around, Castiel’s back now pressed against the kitchen counter while the alpha practically growled in his ear: “Good. Because I really
“That idea certainly has some appeal,” Castiel replied dryly, refusing to feel embarrassed, and Dean just huffed out another chuckle.
“Cas, this is hardly the first time Benny has been in a dangerous situation. And it certainly won’t be the last. He is an alpha, the First Warrior of the pack – he will always run towards danger, that’s who he is. As much as Dean. I am convinced there will be many more days and nights when the two of us will sit on a bed, huddling together and trying not to think about what those two might be facing right now.”
“Sam has already sent hot water to your old room, and Missouri will look you over as soon as you are there.”
All he knew was that he had lain in his bed, sweating and hurting, fingers up his ass, moaning – and suddenly the alpha stood before him with a horrible smirk on his face. “Now you are my little bitch and you are gonna do as I say. Cause you love to obey, don’t you, omega?”
And then, just as he assumed his alpha would start to argue, Dean only smiled: “All right, sweetheart, why don’t you stay out here a little and I’ll call you when dinner’s ready.”
Castiel liked to think that she would never be able to outmatch Dean, however. He silently laughed at himself for that silly thought.
“But there is also a book club if that is more to your liking.” The voice came from behind, and Castiel turned to look at a pretty, young omega whose smile was a lot more honest than Naomi’s.
Dean made no move to turn around or close the door and Castiel panicked at the thought of undressing in front of the alpha. This might not be a big deal here, but it was for Castiel.
The rest of the drive was spent in silence. As soon as the couple arrived at the cabin, they stored the food away and then the alpha embraced the omega tightly, breathing in his scent.
, Castiel thought. It certainly explained how the alpha had blushed for weeks whenever someone mentioned alpha-alpha relationships – or how ready he always seemed to defend SecCo, or rather Victor Henriksen. If the alpha’s shocked expression was any indication, Dean had never even suspected anything.
They were on their way back to the cabin when Castiel tripped over a root and Dean’s arms were around him before he could land on the ground. The omega’s breath hitched and his heartbeat sped up at the sudden closeness of his alpha as well as the jolt of the almost-fall. Castiel felt a little smug at the realisation that if his heart raced – his alpha’s did just as much. He looked up at Dean and they shared a little moment when their gazes just locked and both seemed to be lost in each other’s eyes.
“No, I did not elope.” Castiel replied at the same time as Dean said: “I am simply here as Castiel’s protector.”
Castiel was undecided what he should do when the tongue suddenly hit a spot that hurt, and he hissed out in sudden pain.
“So, I suffered alone. Until I had my next heat. And then, suddenly, Ruby was back, more vicious than ever before. She seemed to get a kick out of dominating strong omegas. I mostly remember I was hurting, crouching on the floor – when the door burst open. And Dean stood in the doorframe, eyes as red as I have ever seen on an alpha.
Dean leaned back in his chair, hands held up placatingly, but a smile that seemed a little insecure ghosted around his lips: “Now, I have to admit you are giving me mixed signals here. Usually, with that murderous look, I would quickly excuse myself and leave, but since you had the same stormy expression while you had wanted to ask Gadreel out, I’m thinking: maybe it’s not a bad sign?”
“Oh, Cas, you certainly are prepared. I hope you won’t be disappointed if we don’t need all of those in just one heat. I mean, I’m not twenty anymore…”
“I don’t …,” Castiel stuttered out at the same time as Dean growled: “There will be no wedding between Sam and Cas.”
Castiel was relieved when Dean didn’t ask any questions but just kept a hand running up and down his back until Castiel’s heartbeat steadied. The alpha probably assumed it was his usual remembrance of Alastair – and Castiel did not want to tell him that Uriel had now stolen himself into his nightmares. Dean was already irritated as it was – and Castiel was somehow convinced that the two alphas would cross paths again. With Uriel’s comment about wanting to stay for the investigation and all.  He did not want to add fuel to Dean’s fire beforehand. Dean might be better than most alphas at holding back his temper around the Full Moon, but Castiel still did not want to rile him up additionally. And it was not like Uriel could control how Castiel slept.
“Hush, Castiel. You should sleep some more. We need to wait for your mate before we can start. Otherwise, it’s only half as much fun.”
“Well, sweetheart, I am going to kill you. Then I’m going to cut you to pieces – not your head though, they need to be able to recognise you. And my friend here,” she tipped her head in the direction of the other man who now stood behind her in silence, startling Castiel a little because he had not noticed him move, “will bring your … body parts over the border. So that everyone might assume your tragic demise happened in Winchester.”
“And that… seminar?” It was obvious that Gabriel did not believe Castiel would just sign up for further education. “You want to do it? Alphas aside.”
Charlie closed the door softly, and Castiel felt tears run down his cheeks at the thought that he would probably not see the alpha for a whole week. With the first tears, Castiel felt the stress fall from him in waves; suddenly he was not able to stand upright anymore and sat down on the carpet. He felt Charlie holding him tightly, murmuring into his ear.
– situation. It will help Castiel comprehend what is expected from him and how to act. For example, maybe you want him to be submissive when you are alone but to act confident in a group. Or you give him more leeway when it’s just the two of you, but in company he should appear all compliant.” Dean stiffened distinctly while Castiel covered a little. “You should also talk about this from the start. What
“Hi, I’m Jody. A close friend of the Winchester boys. Although it seems, not as close as I thought.” Again, she glared at Dean. Castiel had instinctively taken the offered hand, but it was the alpha who answered.
There was the caretaker Azazel who crept around the place even when he did not seem to have a specific assignment. And what alpha owner of a national company would fix dripping faucets personally anyway?
“She didn’t --- she didn’t have many followers with her. And she probably did not expect me to be armed. I cut into her stomach and killed the other guard. Then I ran into the forest.”
The first shifter they turned to was obviously Mirabel. And she was smart enough not to try and deny her collaboration. Or maybe, she was just really dumb.
“What can I do for you, Ms Hanscum?” Castiel asked, bemused since he could not remember the other omega had ever looked for him before.
Dean resisted the urge to raise an eyebrow and ask Castiel whom he had in mind for that position. Instead he said: “And you believe he had just broken the bond and followed you here? Without any ulterior motives?”
“Sammy should be here anytime now. I thought he might be a good start of the welcome tour since there is no one I am closer to. And as I said before, he definitely shows up a lot. I would also like to leave and pick up a couple of things while he’s here. You know, give you two the opportunity to bond.”
“That’s not actually my car; it’s Dean’s. And now I need to hurry to pick up his burgers for dinner – he only allowed me to borrow it if I get him some food. And don’t forget the pie again.”
“I have to admit, when Chuck called me to pick you up, I wasn’t happy. I expected you would be either a spy or some brainwashed omega. I certainly was surprised when my Mate tried to challenge me on our first meeting.”
Castiel could feel the anger radiating off Dean in waves, so he tried to keep a calm and neutral voice when he said: “That is none of your business.”
After their conversation, things seemed to be even more intimate between Castiel and Dean. They cuddled on the couch until the movie ended even though neither of the men paid it much attention anymore. They were too occupied exploring each other with soft touches and by the time Dean’s hand had wandered under Castiel’s shirt, the omega felt his heat rising again. But while the five times they had done it last night had been rather frantic and a little rough, this time Dean seemed to be persistent to be all too gentle with Castiel. In the end, still on the sofa, Dean even pulled out before his knot could fully catch. Castiel whined pathetically and tried to persuade Dean, but the alpha stayed stern.
When Castiel walked into Meg’s room, the physician hugged him quickly and then leaned back to look at him. Soon, a smile spread across her face.
Castiel was still anxious, but not as much as he had been. It composed him a lot, that Dean would not leave him alone with a giant alpha if he felt uncomfortable.
After he had leaned a bit more into Dean and had inhaled deeply at his neck, Castiel finally pulled back. Determined to face the world again.
, Ben already had the equipment in hands, trying to hide his excitement under an artificial cool demeanour. Castiel thought it was silly whenever Dean did that, but with an eight-year-old, it was simply hilarious.
“It’s nothing really.” Dean just kept looking at him and Castiel sighed. “What if we don’t have alpha children?”
“Yeah.” Dean rubbed a hand over his face – it was not completely smooth, there was already a little stubble fighting its way back after the shave two days ago, but he had gotten rid of his beard. After it had proved to be impossible to wash all the dirt out.
In the end, he agreed to a relieved looking Cesar that he would try to mention it towards Dean. The alpha excused himself with a grateful smile, and as soon as he was out of sight, Castiel let out a heartfelt groan.
It would probably take time until Castiel would not feel a pang of jealousy, whenever he saw Lisa – but her open and sincere words had not been wasted on Castiel. His mind understood she presented no threat to his relationship with Dean; he just had to wait until his heart followed. When the two climbers finally came back and Ben chatted with childlike enthusiasm, Castiel had to admit how impressed he was with an omega who had raised such a great child single-handedly.
Castiel was prepared to argue with Dean again – they had had this conversation almost every day for the last week. Castiel wanted Dean to claim him right after the ceremony – and Dean half-heartedly tried to talk him out of it. Castiel might have felt discouraged, but he knew Dean just wanted him to be completely sure since there would be no going back from that decision – and as a matter of fact, in the Winchester clan, an omega would often wait a few months before taking the next step. Castiel wickedly enjoyed how every time when Dean advised him to caution, his eyes gleamed gold, like the alpha had to put a leash on his wolf to even get the words out. Castiel did not doubt that Dean wanted this as much as him; he just did not want for Castiel to regret anything in the future. The omega supposed the consideration might have had a little bit to do with the insecure and self-doubting side of his alpha.
They were just a few inches apart. Castiel remined himself that Alastair had only an iron rod and a knife in his hands, no gun. If he moved fast enough, he could shut the door in Alastair’s face, rush to his bedroom and barricade the entrance. Usually, Dean would have at least one gun in his nightstand, but unfortunately, he had to give them up while he had been suspended. But Castiel might get to some scissors at least or something else from the bathroom that he could use as a weapon. At the very least, he would be able to call back-up, and if he was lucky, Alastair would still be busy with the doors by the time the police arrived.
dropped my files and he helped me pick them up. With the most gorgeous smile ever.”  The woman sighed like a love-sick heroine in some historical romance.
“Please, Dean! Promise me you won’t! It’s not worth it. Please, Dean. It’s not going to change anything. I just want you here with me.”
Someone bumped into Castiel, and he halfway bared his throat already, dreading for a second his alpha might in fact just mark him in a room full of people. As much as Castiel might have always wanted to find his Mate, he had never been enthusiastic about the idea that someone would claim him before even talking to him. He had hoped his alpha would see him as an equal, not something to own, something to simply mark as theirs.
Why was Crowley having a picture of Gavin Prince in his office? And why was he making notes on the behaviour of various inhabitants in Little Heaven?
“And you know, the omega is not the only one who is altered by the bond. I don’t know what the claim did to Metatron, but Gadreel tells me that he suddenly felt the urge to protect me and care for me and encourage me. Much stronger than he had before. And my guess is, that your man is just as much pumped on alpha-mate-hormones. And he is probably trying to get a grip on it as much as you are.”
“No, I don’t. But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t still be careful.” Dean let his hand rest on Castiel’s shoulder. He smiled. “But maybe not so careful as to hide on the floor for simply looking out the window.”
All too soon, Castiel scrunched his eyes together and moaned out a loud “Dean!” until he came over the alpha’s stomach, bodies pressed together as they were.
“You cook?” Castiel asked. Sure, Dean had said something like that during sinner, but Castiel had assumed it was just to make conversation.
Both betas looked up, surprised, when Castiel entered. Bartholomew immediately opened his mouth to say something – since Castiel had known him for years, he was pretty sure it wasn’t going to be anything nice – but he stopped himself and sniffed visibly. Castiel felt a smugness grow in his chest; Bart obviously did not want to risk angering him as long as he didn’t know more about his relationship with the dominant alpha in his scent.
The group slowly walked inside, most of them smiling, with Castiel and Dean trotting behind. Sam sent a smirk over his shoulder that told Dean he would be made fun of for a while to come. It would even be worse once Adam joined in. But right now, he did not care. The alpha felt too happy, and just a tad confused.
when I left. I mean, he can’t have been that wounded if he still managed to use such a stupid word.”
“Well, Castiel, I hope you listened closely to my sermon and will show your alpha the respect he deserves.”
In the end, they had absolutely no luck with talking to the mysterious Mr Ishim. They did not even get as far as the front door. Dean had to park the car at a big iron gate at the end of a cul-de-sac. They had driven for nearly half an hour on an old road through a dark forest, just to reach a dead end. Behind the iron bars of the gate, Castiel could see a gravel path leading to a massive mansion, but they could not get through without ringing the bell.
“Thank you for telling me that, Dean,” Victor said finally. “I do background-checks on all my employees, of course, and quite a few of them are former police officers. But since Gordon had never been charged with anything… And his version of the story had seemed believable. If I had known earlier what you just told me, I would have never hired him in the first place.”
Sam sighed. “I am sorry it went the way it did, Castiel. Please know that you are safe with us. And we have no intention to keep you prisoner for longer than absolutely necessary. Think of yourself more like a guest. Just… with all our people in danger, we had to find a way to bring them to safety first. We left many faux traces, and hopefully, even if our old camp is discovered, they will not be able to follow us here. But … we really had no time to think this all through.”
Castiel realised he was still holding onto the blanked like a lifeline. He loosened his grip and the beta gently drew the fabric away so Castiel was sitting nude at the end of the bed. He still had not said anything, and the beta just looked him over for a moment. Castiel looked down at himself as well and saw the bruises and scratches on his body. All in all, he looked a lot better than he had expected – after running through the cold for days, hardly any food, and of course the fight with two alphas.
“Morning, sweetheart,” Dean greeted him with a peck on the lips and handed him a cup of still boiling hot coffee – just the way Castiel liked it. The alpha went back to scratching scrambled eggs from the pan to a plate, dressed only in boxers – also the way Castiel liked it. But the perfect chest and arms did not deflect him from the black eye on the alpha’s handsome face.
Castiel fumed with anger. They had just been accepted as pack members! The Winchesters had been so kind to them since the day they arrived – and his brother seemingly had planned to take over the pack as soon as he got the chance. Maybe he was more obsessed with power than Castiel had suspected. Maybe he missed his old position too damn much.
Crowley hardly looked at Castiel and added in a dismissive tone: “And that is my omega. Meg, come here.”
But that suddenly changed when they had put everything back in place, and the alpha stepped away from Castiel, standing right under the arch to the living room. Dean stuffed his hands in his back pockets, and looked sheepishly to the side. He seemed bashful, a sight Castiel had not seen on the alpha before.
“Aye, I’m Rowena McLeod and I wrote some little helpers for omegas. But I’m afraid they are not exactly bestsellers.”
How could this be? He had not even gone very far. How did he manage to get lost after only 15 minutes? Instead of concentrating on how he could sneak out of town, he should have paid closer attention to find his way around in the open Winchester lands.
They still did not know whether Cas was truly pregnant, as much as Dean seemed to inhale his scent every day, trying to catch something new in it. It might take another few weeks before any alpha would notice the scent of pregnant omega on him – but Dean seemed convinced that since he was so attuned to Castiel’s scent, he would easily notice when something changed.
“No,” Castiel answered. He really did not want to talk to Gabriel right now. One protective alpha was as much as he could handle today. But as an afterthought, he texted his brother again:
But before he could back down, Dean had handed him the knife. If Castiel thought, everyone else looked shocked – Dean seemed furious. His face was white, and he seemed hardly able to force himself to stand still, hands tightening into fists.
“Dean,” he said a third time, just because. He let his mate breath in deeply at his neck and he calmed down as the scents in the room started to lose their sting.
“You know, you can tell me about him, Cas. You don’t have to, but maybe you would feel better after talking about it.”
Now, that wasn’t something Castiel liked to be reminded of. If Sam was hinting at what he suspected. He frowned and then Eileen snorted out: “Don’t look so sad, all ended well. She got her happily ever after.”
Of course Lucifer wanted Jack to be an alpha. Aside from the fact that Castiel was convinced his son would turn out to be a beta or an omega, it chafed him that Lucifer still found such things important. It irked him even more that he somehow thought he could just get back to him now that he had seemingly some problems to father any other children. And it absolutely
After he had been cooking and baking (to his delight he had found all ingredients for apple pie) for about an hour, he finally called Dean to the kitchen and the perfectly set table.
“I’m sorry, Cas. Really sorry you had to go through that. But your kid can be happy to have you. It takes strength to pull that off, and I have no doubt you are a wonderful father to Jack. And really, I guess it is much better for him to grow up with only one parent if the other one is a complete dick anyway.”
Castiel’s whole chest tingled at those words.  It was nice, and astonishing, to know that the alpha felt the same as he did.
“All right.” Dean smiled, sat up with Castiel in his lap, and pecked him on the lips, retrieving his fingers at the same time. “Then turn around, handsome. It will be easier like this for your first time.”
“I… I was so scared when you found me. You are a Winchester! I was taught to fear you, and I was sure you would just kill me or something if you found out I was Michael’s nephew. I feared you even might hunt down my friends as well. You are our enemy.”
Castiel leaped forwards, trying to get out of the door, but he was pulled back by Cole on one shoulder and Crowley by the other.
“Maybe two days. We should cross the border before nightfall. And then --- we just have to keep northward until we reach the castle. But I am not sure if it will be one day or two.”
“I think you underestimate yourself, Dean. You seem to have done a good job with hundreds of rebels so far. I believe you could be a good king.” Castiel bit his lips, embarrassed by his own words.
“No, please, stay. Now that you are already here, let’s have a drink. Recall some of the old times together? And I know you do like your
He was interrupted by a low chuckle. “You are always welcome, Cas. This was a pleasant surprise. I just wished I had known, so I would have retired sooner.”
“Claire… she is one of your daughters, yes? And she needs help?” Castiel asked since the alpha only glared and was without a doubt thinking about another excuse.
Castiel could hardly form any coherent thought, his knees had all but given out and his body and mind were completely fixed on the other man’s scent and touch. So he just moaned: “Yes, Alpha, please.”
“Dean is right, Detective Novak. I know it always sounds easy to just drive behind someone and observe what they are up to, but it isn’t. Following someone undetected it not easy – and needs quite a few officers and expensive equipment. And without any tracking device, you still can easily lose someone in traffic.”
“And why shouldn’t I be?” Castiel finally pulled back and responded to Dean’s previous remark. “My heat is over, and I did not only make it out alive but also perfectly sated.” Dean shot him a cocky smirk, like Castiel had expected. But since he felt so good, he let Dean indulge in a little smugness. “I look forward to going outside and breath in fresh air again. We can finally travel to the castle, so that I can get to know your family, where no one needs to know I have been already sharing a bed with you during my heat. I will tell your father that I already made my choice, which is understandable, I guess, since we have already spent a lot of time together, and then we can mate as soon as they made all the necessary preparations. Maybe we can even keep the ceremony small, so it won’t take that much time.”
Maybe it was the stress of the last 24 hours, but Castiel threw his head back and could not stop laughing for minutes. Alfie looked immensely pleased with himself, and Castiel hoped that Benny would finally start courting him openly. After all, Alfie would turn 21 in a week.
Dean shot the boy a grin, a clear sign that he was not really upset, and took some plates from the cupboard while Jack washed his hands in the kitchen sink (a little secret between the two of them, because Castiel always send them to the bathroom – but Dean did not know why they could not wash their hands just as easily where they washed their dishes).
There was a wicked glint in Eileen’s eyes, and in the end, Castiel had to laugh with her. Despite the fact that he was still concerned about the things he had overheard from Sam.
“Wait. You’ll see,” was all the answer Castiel got. He did not ask further, knowing Alfie and his love for surprises.
His vision still a little blurry, Castiel frantically looked in the mirror. He noticed there were new clothes laid out for him on a stool next to the dressing table, but he figured he did not have the time to change. So he just checked how rumpled his clothes were, decided they would have to do, and tried to flatten his hair. Then he opened the door and hurried after his servant. Ambriel seemed nervous that they were so late, but he thought she could have woken him sooner. Then he remembered he had told her that he did not need anyone to wait on him – and she had probably been unsure what to do when he did not come out on his own.
“Soon? I’ve been stalking around you for months!” Dean brushed his head over Castiel’s once more and then licked over his right ear. “But we should get going now. It’s already dark and I don’t want your brothers coming after me.”
Finally, Castiel looked back up and into glinting green eyes. Dean deliberately brushed against Castiel’s side, and this time, the omega did not shy away. In fact, he leaned a little against the alpha.
Like they had the day before with Sam, they all sat comfortably on the couch and engaged into light conversation. Charlie seemed even more enthusiastic about his book selection, though she was utterly shocked that he – although he knew the books by heart – had never seen any movies of the Lord of the Rings
Omuterra was an illness that only occurred in omegas. It was hardly painful and easily treated with the right medicine. But if you didn’t do anything about it, it could lead to infertility. The problem with the medication was, however, that it blocked both the heat and the claiming inhibitor. So, normally, right after the treatment, you would go into heat very soon – and better not let anyone bite you. There were countless stories of omegas who had been accidentally claimed during that time. Lack of knowledge often being the cause. But Sam didn’t seem like the type who didn’t know about the side effects, so Castiel was not that surprised when he explained:
“We can’t all be as lucky as you are with Castiel here, Dean.” Lucifer smiled in a way that had Castiel’s stomach turn.
Dean had told him to get to Loki, to persuade Gabriel to join the rebels and help them create a better world. But Dean had also told him to listen to his Other. And thank the Shifter, Castiel’s beast seemed to agree with the prince.
– Castiel’s breath hitched at the word. Before, they had only talked about courtship. But of course that usually resulted in mating.
Jack gulped, and then nodded. He looked terrified. Dean’s wolf was satisfied, but Dean also felt guilty. He did not enjoy scaring a mere pup until he almost wet his pants. He abruptly turned around and saw both Castiel and Sam watch him with matching consternation. Then he looked back at Jack who was still trembling.
Involuntarily, Castiel turned his gaze to the floor and submissively bared his neck just a fraction. In response, the alpha turned fully towards him. This first impression might not have taken longer than a second – but for Castiel time stood still.
He heard some clattering from the kitchen and followed the sound. Bracing himself inwardly for an irate alpha, he stepped over the threshold.
“At least the others were finished off in private.” Alfie took one of Castiel’s hands in his. “No one will hurt you anymore, Castiel. All traitors have been… taken care of. You don’t have to fear someone will turn on you again. And after what happened today, no one will dare to lay a finger on you in the future, let me tell you.”
“Oh, he makes no distinctions when it comes to his paranoia.” Dean chuckled. “It’s hilarious whenever he is supposed to join a board meeting. Changes the time and place every five minutes. And sometimes, I receive encrypted emails I have no idea how to read.”
This time, Dean did not join in the yelling. He sighed, and his voice turned gentler than Castiel had ever heard it. “I know, Claire. You are tough and clever, and resourceful. And I trust you. Which is exactly why I want you to join us.”
“Uncle Gabriel, this is wonderful,” Castiel interrupted before Dean could say anything that would make Gabriel reconsider his decision. “Thank you so much.”
Dean laughed behind him. “Come on, Cas, just turn around and just throw it at me. I am decent enough, I promise.”
Castiel shook his head vigorously. He was starting to wallow in self-pity. But he had no reason to complain – it was Dean, who had to sleep in a cell. And who had probably already suffered through hours and hours of stressful questioning. If Detective Rogers had been a bit tough on Castiel – he would surely not act any gentler around Dean.
Castiel’s eyes widened. “You arranged for me to mate Lord Winchester’s firstborn son?” Involuntarily, he shuddered, thinking about the stories he had heard about the
“No reason?” This time, it was Dorothy. “You mean other than that he had been lying to us for weeks now?”
“Yes, I did. She seemingly had a little cuddlefest of her own last night – with Jody and the girls.” Alfie smiled. “She is well, Cas. She already helped catching the traitors and has hardly a scratch on her. Said the Adlers wanted her in one piece so she could be used as leverage and you would follow them without a fight. And, eventually, as a breeder for one of the pack.” At that, Alfie looked like he wanted to strangle someone.
After Jody and Castiel had left the room, there was a long silence, but Dean could feel both Crowley and Sam watching him closely. Gods, why did he have to ask Crowley to come here in the first place?
following you around.” He sighed. “I thought we’ve talked this over, Cas. I don’t know why you are suddenly so angry.”
he was starting a heat – while the alpha of his dreams was laughing at him for confessing his love. Dean took one look at his pouting face and chuckled again.
On the fourth day he spent in the motel room, when he felt mostly recovered and suddenly hungry for something that wasn’t wrapped in plastic, Castiel contemplated to just get his bag and walk away. Chuck had left him here for days with no instruction or hint about what would happen next. He was unmarked again, and maybe this time, if he was more careful, he could go undetected for a longer time-period. But he had no money, and the thought of starting all over again with nothing more than two sets of clothes in a bag did not feel too tempting. He would never feel free, for he would have to look over his shoulder all his life, scared that someone would just snatch him again. And, if he were completely honest, he did not
So the omega was a little disappointed when Dean led him to a small carriage instead of one of the gorgeous horses.
As soon as he saw Castiel, Dean interrupted his conversation and waved at him: “Hey, Cas. What are you doing?”
The growling from the back of the room was getting louder, more eager, and Castiel noticed with raising hackles that one of the men around him had changed his form already. His wolf must have overpowered him in his anticipation, and Lucifer, whose job it was to keep his pack in check, had done nothing to stop it. The Alpha only smirked. He leaned forwards and smiled down at Castiel.
Dean cowered his head slightly to the side, showing for the first time how tense he was. Rogers’ pleased smile was back in place and Benny and Sam looked at Dean with wide eyes.
Like Charlie, Benny also seemed to have an additional motivation to solve the case: The CEO of the security company. As it had turned out, Victor Henriksen was an old acquaintance of Benny; the two men knew each other from their shared time in the military. Castiel was still not sure whether Benny was so intent on solving the crime to show off what a good cop he was to an old rival – or to help out a friend. Castiel assumed it was probably the latter, since Benny also seemed averse of the idea of an inside job of SecCo and had looked more into the direction of the jeweller’s employees and surroundings. But maybe he just wanted to present Victor Henriksen with the culprit before anyone else could get in his way – two alphas mostly had at least an underlying rivalry going on. Which was why Castiel had always been secretly impressed with how well Dean and Benny got along. Such a close friendship between two male alphas was more than uncommon.
Missouri slowly let her hands wander over his body and in the end asked him to stand up for a second, so she could look him up from both sides.
But even if his fate would not have been quite as dire, Castiel doubted he could ever be content in Lucifer’s pack. Much less happy.
Dean was right – Castiel’s heat had reduced to a small flame by now. But that did not change the fact that Castiel was aroused by the time Dean licked over his neck, then scattered playful kisses up his jaw until he started to nibble at Castiel’s bottom lip. And a moment later, Castiel did not think too much anyway, because --- god, that alpha could kiss.
“So… Castiel, are you pregnant?” It was Alex (again) who asked the question and drowned the whole table in silence (again) – apart from Claire. Claire shot one glance at Dean and snickered.
Castiel eyed the beta warily, but he sat down on a table and was surprised when Dean poured some wine into a cup and handed it to him. “Here. You can probably use some…
Castiel let out a short chuckle but sobered up as he registered the serious expression on Dean’s face. “I might have been a virgin until a few days ago, Dean, but I am not ignorant. I was in heat. And your knot was practically buried in me for days.” Strangely, it was Dean who blushed at those words, not Castiel. “I think chances a rather high that I am pregnant.”
“I wanted to ask about the storing facilities.” Castiel licked his lips; suddenly he felt stupid and he really had no idea how to phrase his proposal. “I thought, maybe if you used corn cubs as a…”
This was one thing he had learned by now – whenever he did not understand something or simply had a question about anything that would peek his interest – he simply asked. And so far, any pack member had answered his questions patiently. So, even though there was some occasional whispering behind his back, Castiel did not mind too much; probably because everyone he had started to consider a friend supported him. Even Alfie. The omega had taken longer to forgive him than Dean or Meg had. Just as the other two, he did not seem to be appalled by the fact that Castiel was an Angyal, but he was miffed that he had not trusted him enough to tell him the truth. Though, after Castiel had told Alfie at full length about life as an omega in Michael’s pack, the young man had seemed overwhelmed with pity and apologised profoundly for brushing him off for two days. The thought that an omega had no say as to who would be their mate seemed to horrify him so much that Castiel feared he might have caused some nightmares.
In the end, Uriel, a vicious and brutal fighter, had defeated all his rivals. His last opponent had been the alpha Gadreel who had been fighting for himself and seemed the least appalling to Castiel. The omega looked away as Uriel ripped out his throat, despite the alpha’s capitulation beforehand. By that time, Uriel’s wolf had taken full control of the man, and afterwards, it needed two days for the alpha to turn back to human form. Alphas had a lot more trouble controlling their wolfs once they let them out, especially during battle. It was just one more thing that made them so dangerous. In Castiel’s opinion, this emphasised another virtue of omegas – the wolf and the human lived in balanced co-existence.
“No, Dean! This is not what I am saying. Please, will you listen to me.” Castiel motioned at the chair Dean had just left, and with a glare, the alpha sat back down, jaw clenching.
And what made it worse – he was also strangely emotional. He felt like he wanted to cry the whole time, and he missed Dean. His inner omega whined out when he only thought about that name.
Dean, who had sat on an armchair and frowned at Rowena for the last hour with a distinctly irritated look, suddenly let out a low growl.
Castiel was so wrapped up in happiness he had to think a while before he knew what the alpha meant. He shook his head. “No. I was more confused.”
“And I am really happy you chose to stay in Loki,” Gabriel went on. “I can give you a high position here. Maybe make you Captain of the guard…”
But Zachariah was quick to recover. He pushed Castiel to the ground with one strong paw, scratching over his side. But before he could do more damage, the omega quickly snapped at one of the grey wolf’s legs, and with another yip, Zachariah loosened his grip so Castiel could crawl away. The omega knew he should hurt after the strong blow, but he could not feel any pain.
Hello, lovelies! Just so you know: I’m really sorry but I’ll probably update less regularly the next few weeks/months. I have a new position at my job – which isn’t a bad thing per se, but pretty time-consuming right now. And after staring at a screen for 12-14 hours every day, I’m just mostly too exhausted to do basically the same thing in my free time. So, new chapters will now take more like 2-3 weeks or so and/or will probably be shorter. I hope you don’t lose interest that way.
The alpha pulled back and studied Castiel’s face. Dean still looked haunted. “A bad dream? Cas, this was not just a bad dream. You smell yourself? And I could not wake you up for minutes! Tell me, please. What had you so scared?”
It was not that Castiel seemed averse to Dean’s attention; he just acted --- reserved. He seemed to like it well enough when Dean touched him, as long as it was light and casual. He also spent time with Dean regularly, but when they were alone, he often got nervous. And Dean could understand that, he really did, considering that Castiel had been around total asshat Alphas before – but that didn’t mean he had to like it.
or should he come by and shoot someone. Charlie was less bloodthirsty and obviously loved texting. At the very least, she sent her
With that, Castiel picked up his documents and passed a perplexed assistant on his way to the board room.
They ate together, and Dean was happy that Castiel seemed to enjoy the rabbit even more than the cheese this afternoon. His alpha gave off a little pleased rumble again, but Dean had been able to keep it quiet. It might have just alarmed Castiel again. When they were done, as he did every day before he went to bed, Dean pulled out a little bit of whistler’s bark and started to chew on it.
Castiel looked up into Dean’s face, surprised at the insinuation that he would be allowed to have his own place one day. But Castiel was even more surprised by the reaction of his wolf.
As Castiel was preparing dinner on another Friday night, just before New Moon, he sorted through his seemingly endless list of suspects.
“Yeah, it all looks pretty Stepford.” Castiel did not even try to understand this statement and just kept frowning until he could smell the worry coming off Dean. “Hey, Cas. Remember. We can stop this anytime. We’ll just be a weird couple who did not fit in and moved somewhere else. Jody said that happens quite a lot.” Dean tried to smile, but there were no wrinkles around his eyes. Castiel loved those wrinkles.
Involuntarily, Dean’s wolf snarled loudly, and this time, it reverberated through Dean’s throat. Growling sounds came from all around. Dean held up a hand. It was any pack member’s right to challenge the Alpha, even though it had not happened often since Dean took over. And even though Dean had not ended up as Alpha because he had defeated Bobby in a fight, but because the old Alpha had just stepped down. Dean certainly would not repeat that tonight.
Castiel smiled a little, then he looked at Bobby, Sam and Dean in turn. He did not break eye contact with the alpha, and Dean did not try to stare him down until the omega would submit. They just looked at each other; there was a difference.
“You know, you could have just talked to him,” Donna said to Castiel after they had retired to their tent, together again. “I know Dean never volunteers to open up about his feelings, but I expected
“No, I am sorry. They are still out.” The two omegas shared a timid smile and a hopeful look. Dorothy had joined Benny’s team to look for Uriel last night, and both Charlie and Alfie were anxious to know more about the fate of their loved ones.
Jody and Donna chuckled at the image, while Castiel only frowned. But Dean’s attempt to get his mind away from Al and Lucifer had still worked: “But, Dean, bees are very peaceful…”
Could this be? Could it be that his friend was involved in the killings of four innocent couples? And how did Crowley fit into this scheme? Had they formed some killer-alliance instead of being mates?
Castiel ran, crawled and stumbled through the forest for hours. Once it was completely dark, he finally stopped to take a break. He would not be able to move forwards like this anyway.
Bobby then greeted the guests, and every present pack by name, especially the ambassadors from the Wild. The birds outside chirped loudly in response and everyone in the Hall seemed deeply moved by their presence. Maybe apart from Ruby – she looked more uncomfortable than anything else.
“Dean. Welcome back. I was ordered to guard the grounds with Ketch while you were away. I hope you had a successful meeting with the other Alphas.”
Castiel looked up at him, and his eyes seemed to be even bluer than usual. The omega did not answer with words but shook his head no. They looked at each other for a long while. Then Dean cleared his throat. They were sitting much too close.
needy. I have fantasized about you for a whole week but could not even see you. I want you now, Alpha.” Castiel could not decide whether he should
,” Dean chuckled inwardly at the way Jack emphasised the word and how he scrunched up his whole face in concentration, “like me, he could always use the help.”
“Hello, beautiful, it hurts my heart we have not yet been introduced properly. I am Balthazar. May I tell you that you look – and smell – like a magical creature from the Wild I once encountered in a dream.”
So, a lot happens in this chapter (kind of) – but unfortunately, Castiel has to stay in his room the whole time. ;)
The omega had never been kissed before – and he would have never guessed that such a simple action could set his whole body on flames. He was nearly drunk of the taste of Dean. He felt a pleasant tingle from head to toe and without thinking, Castiel had one hand on Dean’s shoulder, the other in the alpha’s hair, trying to pull him even closer.
After a few moments, Dean started to lick and nibble along Castiel’s throat and the omega held on to the alpha’s shoulder, because his legs were about to give out. In return, Dean tightened his arms around his mate. Castiel let his hands wander up to Dean’s short hair, unconsciously pulling Dean even closer towards him.
“As always, you underestimate my charm. There is a cute girl in forensics who really digs my accent. And my evidence crew – well, we all like to gossip.”
Dean snuggled up to Castiel from the side and kissed him on the cheek, then his lips, hand still warm on his belly.
Castiel looked sheepishly up at his mate – he could not detect any form of anger, Dean just seemed surprised. Not that Castiel could blame him for that.
Dean stared at Sam for a moment. Castiel could not be sure, but he thought that as much as Sam had meant those words as an encouragement, they seemed more like a burden to Dean. Not that people trusted him – but like he was scared to be unworthy of their trust.
Without another word, Alastair stood to do as she had asked, and Castiel, who was sitting the closest to the door, could hear him muttering under his breath:
As soon as they were back at their home, Castiel asked: “What have you been talking about while I was in the kitchen?”
This might be the right time to admit that I wrote this fic partly for the obvious reason – some Destiel love – but also to have my very own SPN-happy-place. Where everyone is alive (and happy, mostly, kind of). There will be a lot of different SPN-characters in the next chapters, all alive and kicking. As they should be. ;-)
As he saw his pack attacked, Castiel got furious. He was the Alpha’s Mate – he should not stay inside and wait the fight out. He should be there and try to do as much for his pack as possible. If Dean died, they could get claimed. Castiel shivered at the thought that Lucifer might claim one of his friends, like Charlie, who was so different from most alphas and would not handle Lucifer’s preference of violence well, or Kevin, who had already suffered enough from a cruel Alpha.
“You do know that we, eventually, want to get rid of your uncle, your cousin. One way or another. Right, son?”
to stay with the Winchesters, yes, but it would have been nice to be asked. Dean, however, did not notice his indignation as he kept looking at Gabriel.
Still, the omega was more confused than scared, although he instinctively bared his neck, practically offering Dean’s mark up to the alpha. This gesture did seem to appease his mate and Dean slowly prowled forwards. The alpha let one hand fall on the omega’s shoulder, his thump gently stroking over the mark. As every time before, this kind of attention to his neck sent shivers down Castiel’s body, right to his toes. Dean leaned in, inhaled deeply and then licked along Castiel’s neck once. It was a slow movement, right from his collarbone over the bite to his jaw. Castiel felt like he had been marked once again and he couldn’t hold back a tiny mewl. He felt slick pooling between his cheeks and really – how did this happen? Just a second ago he had compared himself to a trapped rabbit and now one tiny action from his mate had him aroused all of a sudden.
Castiel only growled. If there was anything he had left, he would not show any signs of submission to his attacker, instead trying to battle him off as long as he could.
Maybe they would succeed after all, Castiel hoped – and bring back Gabriel as the future king of Niebo.
“I just… I was desperate. I already have the mark.” He tipped his head to the side and Dean saw the branding Lilith gave to her less fortunate subjects who did not manage to pay all her taxes. Many people thought it was the sign for criminals, but Dean knew better. Lilith made it hard for her people to follow all her orders – and every time they failed her, they were branded like thugs. “Even when I reach the border, there is no certainty I will be let in. And we have not eaten in days. I thought if we had some money…”
“But maybe that’s just the thing, Dean, because you are his best friend.” Dean was about to say something but Castiel held up a hand. “He didn’t know how you’d react, and he didn’t want to lose you, I guess. And before you tell me how he should have trusted you – he probably just didn’t want to risk that you would act differently around him. We all do stupid things, honey, especially when we are afraid.”
I recognised it was him. You know, he was the fifth alpha to knock on my door after the fire started. To see if I was hurt.” Alfie, the very popular omega, rolled his eyes. “I was in my bed, for Farkas’ sake. How could the fire have hurt me there!
“Ah, Charlie, good. Castiel, this is Charlie. She will help you clean up a little, yes? I need to get some herbs while you get rid of that horrible smell you brought into my home.” She scrunched her nose, but then tipped her head a little to the side with an almost pensive expression. “And I don’t mean your heat scent.”
“Dick? What a surprise,” Dean said in a less than warm tone of voice. The alpha’s smile did not falter however, and not for the first time did Castiel wonder if he even realised how much joy Dean took from addressing the man in that form.
Dean realised it before Castiel did – despite the fact that Castiel could have sworn he was the more level-headed at the moment. But Castiel Smith, mate of the alpha Dean, living in Little Heaven, would have never stepped between two alphas on the verge for a fight. And he would have definitely not called his mate by his given name in that situation, much less try to give him an order. To make the situation worse, Castiel was pretty sure Crowley was watching them from his window. He held his breath for a second.
“I feared you would not be able to see past the name, and after I had started to… hold some feelings for you, I could not bring myself to confess the truth. And now you are angry, just like I knew you would be. Because you invited an Angyal into your pack.”
“I don’t see anything that looks too dangerous. I suggest, you take a bath right away to warm up completely. I put some soothing herbs in the water. Afterwards, I am going to patch up the wounds on your shoulder and your stomach. You are young and healthy; with enough sleep and food, you should be able to heal quickly.”
Dean looked at the paper that was still lying in front of Castiel and frowned. “Why are you reading that, baby? You know that Metatron is just some asshole – and it might … upset you again,” he added with a quick look in Balthazar’s direction.
“This does not mean I don’t like wearing your mark. I like it very much.” He did not know what had made him so bold, but he let his hands wander under Dean’s shirt, stroking that wonderful skin. “I like that everyone knows I have been claimed by you.” He let out a moan since Dean had suddenly gripped his ass quite harshly and started to massage his flesh, at the same time causing wonderful feelings in his crotch that was now pressed against Dean’s.
“Dean? That is… would be a very good choice, actually. I just didn’t think you… I mean, I know that boy to the core, and he would never do anything to… but he does have a temper and I thought you would prefer someone more… level-headed. Or more… restrained?”
Castiel had to admit, though, for the longest time of his life, he had been convinced of the same principles as the rest of the nobility. He liked to think that he had never noticed how extensive the disparity among his people was, because he had hardly met anyone outside his close circle of family members and personal servants.
Even though Castiel could see he had won, Dean still tried to argue once more: “Why would he talk to us now? Benny had not managed to get anything out of him the last couple of weeks. And didn’t Sam say it might just bite us in the ass if we go and interrogate him ourselves?”
Before Dean could make another attempt at speech, Castiel pulled the light cotton trousers, the only clothes he was wearing, down and turned around. He raised to his hands and knees and presented to Dean in a traditional pose.
A knock on the door ripped him from his thoughts and reminded him of the fact that he had to worry about himself as well. He was with the Winchester pack now – a pack that had been attacked by his family in the past and would not be pleased to have an Angyal among them. Castiel was glad he had lied to the head alpha, who had captured him – unfortunately, it had not been a good lie.
Castiel pulled the new tunic over his head and startled as he heard something behind him. But it was not Dean or anyone else of the rebels, who had decided the omega would be easy prey. It was a fox, who looked at him from somewhere between the bushes. It tilted his head to the side, and then it turned around and disappeared again.
“Wow, Cas, I didn’t know you had it in you. I mean, yeah, you can be involuntarily rude and impatient – but yelling at your boss? Kudos.” Castiel kicked Balthazar’s ankle under the table. “And for someone who is not supposed to get any information, you surely know a lot. But what about the alleged murder weapon? Maybe I can add a little to your theories?”
Jody looked at the flowers with a frown while Donna opened the card that started to play its music. Castiel shuddered again and felt Dean’s hand on his arm. He took it in his own, not caring how odd they must look – two grown men, holding hands in their kitchen.
“My mother had been very sick, and I wanted to care for her during her last months,” Tessa added with a sad smile. “And she straight-out refused to move anywhere else.”
“Gods, I am not angry because you are Michael’s nephew! I am pissed that you did not tell me the truth! This whole pack accepted you without many questions – hell, most of us were tiptoeing around you to not upset you by even mentioning your past. Gods, I feel like such an idiot.” Dean let out a humourless laugh. Then he turned around and looked at Castiel with a stony expression. “What if Michael sends someone after you, and I have an army at my border? Did you ever think about that? I have a whole pack to look after, Castiel!”
And then came Gadreel. When they met the first time, the alpha was so busy staring at her that he walked right into a street lamp. Hannah always laid great emphasis on this detail, claiming that she would have never considered another alpha if he hadn’t looked so adoringly cute. Once, Castiel had seen her tell this story with Gadreel right next to her; the alpha only grimaced at the notion that his omega found him to be cute. Couldn’t be easy for an alpha.
Castiel nodded and was grateful that Dean neither seemed to think he was being paranoid, nor did he make a big deal out of it.
Additional Note December 2020: I am so sorry that I have not continued with this fic in so long. I believe many of us did not have the best year in one aspect or another, and for me --- well, this story seems too exhausting and time-consuming right now. I cannot really explain why, but I rather stick to short and fluffy fics for the moment (where I do not pressure myself to keep writing even when I am not in the mood). I do hope (and intend) to return to this story one day, but I fear I cannot tell you, when it will be. Thank you for reading so far and maybe will see each other on other stories in the meantime. <3
tent. Right, Dean?” Jack grinned at Dean before he looked back to his father. “Then I can show him all the constellations I know. He says he only recognises the Big Dipper.” The last was said with as much contempt as a seven-year-old could muster. Which was a lot. “And you know, Dean does not have a kid or a mate to explain anything about stars to him,” Jack added in a strange emphasis. But he still looked hopeful between Dean and Castiel. The latter almost thought that his son was trying to set him up. Which was absolutely remarkable in itself.
Soon, all three of them were howling with laughter, tickling as well as combing through each other’s fur, grooming and chewing playfully at ears or paws. Another thing Castiel had learned about wolves – they were not hung up on personal space.
a witness. Or rather a Winchester as witness,” Castiel stated, finally understanding Uriel’s motive. “No, not a witness. A scapegoat.”
Meg checked him thoroughly and the physician seemed more than happy with the results. Unsurprisingly, she determined that Castiel was not pregnant and quickly ran some standard tests until she proclaimed he was in perfect physical health. But the omega supposed she had been more interested in his mental state than his body functions, anyway.
It felt almost like a date. Like a really good date. But instead of dinner, they had only chocolate cookies.
His gaze met the alpha’s and Castiel felt a pang of electricity shot through his whole body as well as the urge to bare his neck. But before he could move in any way, the wolf had turned fully towards the other alphas again.
Castiel spent an extremely uncomfortable night, followed by a no more pleasant day in his tent. Donna occasionally brought him something to drink and eat, even though Castiel was not hungry – but she insisted that he needed to keep his strength up. Castiel knew she was right, and he did not want to become any more of a liability than he already was. So he ate the bread and vegetables, but left the sausage on the plate. He did not want to vomit either.
Dean looked up and stared disbelievingly at Jack, who was in wolf form. They boy just looked equally shocked as he stared at the burning wood that had landed right next to Dean on the floor.
“Oh … okay. I will bring my brother,” Dean said slowly, like he was not too pleased at the prospect.  But then he smiled again, in a way that made him look like a schoolboy who had just found some forbidden candy in his parents’ cupboard. “And then we will all eat together. Both our families at one table.”
Castiel tried to ignore the alpha – and the feeling of being trapped – while he took off his shoes like there was absolutely no reason to hurry. He had wanted to put Sam’s advice into action right away and since he had already started the subject in the car, there was no way around it now. But he still felt nervous. This might be some life-changing conversation after all. He felt oddly remembered of the day he had first confessed his love to Dean.
But Castiel had to admit he had expected Benny to act more boldly once Alfie was 21. Especially since the omega had stopped encouraging anyone else, showing a seriousness that was rare on the young man. Every night at dinner, at least one alpha offered him their plate, but Alfie always declined politely. And then he would just nibble at some bread for half an hour until he retired early. He did not even stop by Dean’s table anymore, obviously convinced it was Benny’s turn to seek him out for a change.
“Anytime, gorgeous.” The alpha leaned forwards and brushed his lips over Castiel’s. “Now, can we go and pack? I believe there is an old lady behind that window who has been watching us closely since we arrived. It kinda gives me the creeps.”
Jack continued towards the group where Dean was standing, and Castiel followed, suddenly insecure. Maybe he should have waited until Dean had sought him out himself. He would likely not be happy that Castiel interrupted his training. But then again, Castiel had not expected Jack to bring him to Dean right away if the alpha was busy. He had clearly not thought this through. But it was too late now – Castiel noticed how the first rebels had recognised him and watched him curiously. Castiel just straightened his back and held his head high. He was used to being stared at.
And the police researcher felt a pleasant flutter in his stomach at the words of his alpha. But something didn’t seem right to Castiel. Even if he had been the one who brought up Uriel’s attempt to win Castiel back, he did not believe for a second that Uriel had been sad about their break-up for all those years. Or that his coming to Greenville had anything to do with Castiel. After all, Uriel thought Castiel was mated – there was no way in hell Uriel would want a marked omega for himself.
. But the rare occasions he did try to answer in full sentences were even worse. For example, once Dean said a body looked like it had been in a tickle fight with Edward Scissorhands – to which Castiel had replied “So you already have a suspect, that’s good” in a sincere tone. Usually, there was someone else in the room who started chuckling at his clumsy comments – while Dean just looked at him mildly confused and then shrugged it off. Castiel might not know much about pop culture, but he did know how to use google. So, ten seconds after those conversations, he hit his keyboard with his head for making a fool about himself. Again. That one time he had been out with Dean and his friends to grab a burger for lunch, he had not understood one of Sam’s comments and Charlie tried to friendly explain: “It’s an old joke, Cas. Like why six is afraid of seven.” To which Castiel frowned and then hesitantly answered: “I assume because seven is a prime number, and prime numbers can be intimidating.” The whole table had started laughing at that, and Castiel hurriedly smiled as well, trying to act like he had deliberately made a joke.
“Well, you just had all these things going on yourself and you seemed kind of absent-minded the last couple of days. I didn’t want to bother you with my childish problems on top of that.”
When he looked up again, Dean seemed a little flustered but not unhappy. In fact, he had a goofy grin on his handsome face.
Around sunrise, he finally fell asleep. So, in the end, he did not appear in the dining hall as early as he would have liked. Instead, he woke up at his usual – late – time, after he had slept for only about two hours, and made his way to the large room, with a flipflopping stomach. He sat down wordlessly beside Meg, as usual. The alpha only smirked at him when she saw his still ruffled hair and the only half-open eyes.
After dinner, Castiel showed his friends to their rooms again – and he was quite proud that he knew his way around so well by now. When he had made sure they did not need anything else, the omega left them alone. His heart ached, though he could see how tired Anna was and how much she needed a good long sleep in a comfortable bed.
“Well, seems to be the only thing I did right today.” Dean moved slightly and suddenly Castiel was very aware of the strong arms around him.
“Hey, Castiel,” the new female said with a smile. “How about we get you out of those soaked clothes and into some warm water.”
“Like I said, I’m sorry.” When she realised Alex wasn’t that mad at her, she added wickedly: “The next time you have an asshole for a boyfriend, I will tell you
get involved when one of his kind was mistreated. Alphas like Lucifer should not be allowed to lead a pack to begin with. And in Dean’s opinion, it was Chuck´s job to make sure all of the wolves were healthy and well. He could probably smite Lucifer with a snap of his finger if he wanted to.
Dean looked offended, until Castiel pulled him down next to him and happily leaned against his chest, wrapping his arms around the alpha’s hips.
Castiel took a deep breath before he answered, trying to calm himself just as much as his mate: “I’m at home, Dean. I’m fine. Just a bit stressed.”
Dean just ducked his head as he had during dinner and opened his mouth twice without saying anything before he finally answered.
“It’s all right. You have been through a lot. As I understand, you have been wandering around in a nomad pack and lost all your family as well…?”
“Hey, Benny.” Dean managed to sound hospitable, like he had promised, “Victor, thank you for meeting us on such short notice. I’m sure you must be a busy man.”
He stood by the side, alone, resting from all the clumsy dancing and laughing he had done that day, and watched the crowd with a smile, feeling grateful that he had not only a wonderful mate, but so many people whom he loved, and who, he was quite certain, loved him back.
“Oh, I have a couple of ideas.” Victor shrugged his shoulders, which made him look quite helpless for a moment. “For starters, everyone who was involved in the two cases. I walk around my own headquarters and hardly trust anyone anymore.”
Charlie pointed at the newcomer who had been quickly introduced before: “Kevin found the connection, so he should start.”
Castiel had not expected that the thought of his imminent death would bother him so much – after all, he should have died three years ago, and he had never really managed to come to terms with this version of an after-life – so he was surprised by the shiver of fear than ran down his back.
bad karma that was responsible that they had not lived long enough to attend their own marriage ceremony – it was their own. And now Michael had found another alpha for Castiel to marry. Crowley seemed the best option yet, compared to Zachariah and Uriel, but Castiel had never met the man himself and could only judge from hearsay. And even the nicest tales still painted the Lord of Hell as a choleric egomaniac with expensive tastes. Not exactly the type of alpha Castiel would have chosen for himself.
The look on John Winchester’s face was completely baffled for a moment – and if he were not so nervous himself, Dean would have laughed at the man’s torn expression. He even opened his mouth a couple of times before he found his words.
certainly don’t believe that any omega is your personal possession.” Sam shot Dean a sharp look with a little splash of doubt that almost hurt the Alpha. Then Sam’s expression softened. “But Lucifer is different. This Castiel is probably less a danger to our peace as he might be intimidated, or even badly hurt. I certainly would not want to take on a handful of Lucifer’s wolves.”
Dean nodded and introduced Castiel to Fergus Crowley. The omega noticed that the two men seemed to deliberately avoid eye contact with each other.
“Right after breakfast, he sought me out, asking me for my blessing, should you agree. It was kind of bizarre. Not to mention that since he is the pack leader and as I have learned you are now a pack member, he certainly does not have to ask anyone for permission. He also looked a bit sheepish when he talked to me about it – which was strange, considering he had me hanging up a wall just yesterday, and acted pretty much like a tough, scary alpha so far.”
” The omega sighed. “You act before you think things through, Dean. Sometimes that can be a good thing, but sometimes it isn’t.”
Naomi and Uriel, his seniors, had not yet noticed their co-worker by the door. But the stranger turned his head abruptly and stared right into Castiel’s eyes. His nostrils flared and just for a second those beautiful lips turned into a predatory grin.
Castiel nearly laughed, despite his tautness. “Dean, you were nothing but wonderful. I had no idea … I would have never imagined that I could feel this good during a heat. Or that I could
“Then let’s say you were suspicious. That is nothing bad.” Castiel smiled softly and even dared to put an arm around her shoulder.
Hesitantly, Castiel picked up the box and was surprised to see Dean walk up the stairs again. Bemused he followed. There truly didn’t seem to be any hidden broom closet upstairs since Dean went straight to his bedroom again, put the carton down and opened some drawers and doors of the huge closet.
Castiel looked down at the blanket, and for the first time since they had left the clearing, he seemed wary again. Dean could only judge from his body language, as it was already too dark to see Castiel´s face clearly, but he was pretty sure that the omega wanted to object. It was also obvious that Castiel had no wish to spend another night on the ice-cold floor either. Just as Dean expected he would have to argue a little bit more, Castiel nodded, and lay down without another word. Dean followed and Castiel slid a little away from him before he had even been on his back. So the alpha tried to keep as far to his side as was possible without rolling off the warm cloth.
After dinner, Castiel and Dean cuddled on the couch and started to watch Parks and Recs – since Kevin had heavily recommended it to Castiel. The omega might have also proclaimed his undying love for a character named Ben Wyatt and Castiel was just curious. After four episodes, he was a bit disappointed that this Ben had not yet appeared, but even so he liked the show well enough. Nonetheless, his mind started to wander. The day had given him enough food for thought after all.
Suddenly, Dean leaned forwards and stroked a hand over Castiel’s neck. Castiel closed his eyes for a second, grateful for the supporting gesture. Then he realised Dean had probably only done it to leave his scent. In case someone would come to meet them right away. Not that it would have been necessary – after they had spent hours in the same car, not to mention the omega had slept in Dean’s clothes, Castiel should smell like him enough to fool anyone.
Both Dean and Castiel looked at Benny in disbelief. How could he sound so offhanded? It was not fair to force anyone into outing themselves, not matter how good the intention might have been.
Castiel could see that Zachariah was not a skilled fighter – he was already breathing heavily after his misfortunate attacks –, and the omega knew first-hand that this pack leader preferred to let others fight for his causes. And he was well past his prime – but still, he was an alpha and much stronger than Castiel. His own advantage of quickness and agility could only help him so much – especially in the confinement of a bedroom.
Dean had noticed that Castiel was wary of him – understandable, he thought, knowing how some alphas, especially in Veenah, acted around omegas – and tried to keep him at ease as much as he could. He walked in front of him, back towards the omega, so he would feel relatively safe with his dagger in hands. Dean did not want Castiel to realise it, but he was not too intimidated by that weapon. He was pretty sure he could deal with it if Castiel suddenly decided to attack him for whatever reason. But why would he? Dean was basically his only way out of No Men’s Land.
As soon as they were inside the Castle, Meg led them to the next empty room on the ground floors she could find. It happened to be a classroom, and Castiel sank on one of the small chairs, feeling exhausted after the events of this morning.
“Well, Cas, this mouthy madcap here is Charlie. She also works at WinSec since she is a genius with computers and needs a job that keeps her from doing anything too criminal. She is also one of the greatest geeks in the universe and unfortunately for me, my best friend.”
Meg seemed as stunned as the rest of them, and Gabriel had three pairs of eyes directed at him in disbelief. The short alpha seemed to enjoy himself immensely, judging by his smug smile. And he should. To know that Dean Winchester was the name of the rebel leader was one thing – to know about his Second Skin was quite another. It seemed like Gabriel had not cut
Castiel had been nearly bursting with questions about matings, but at this moment he was just happy for his friend and the omegas talked about Hannah’s morning sickness or Gadreel’s increased protectiveness.
“Like I said, I was invited to Michael’s celebration. I am sure he does not expect me to actually attend, but I had already planned to take the opportunity of riling him up a bit. Can’t have it that he gets to be too happy on his big day.” Gabriel waggled his eyebrows.
, even though he seemed to honestly mourn his death, and had not offered to come to Dean’s help. But he had not warned Lucifer either. Castiel imagined that in the thousand years they had walked the earth together, Gabriel must have garnered at least some fond memories – or maybe his strange mood just came from the fact that he had been reminded that even the most powerful of shifters could die one day.
On Friday, Castiel called his friend Hannah. Spending the last couple of days nearly non-stop at Dean’s side had been surprisingly nice – especially for someone who was used to being alone – but he hoped his friend would have time to meet up soon. He looked forward to talk with an omega friend. Especially a mated one who might be able to shed some light on his constant confusion.
“Actually, the gates were closed when we arrived last night.” He cleared his throat and tried for a haughty tone. “I am here to see my uncle.”
Dean howled – whether it was an affirmation or objection, no one seemed to be sure. However, as Charlie and Castiel made their way towards Castiel’s old room, Dean did not leave his side one inch. And Castiel was grateful for it. They met a number of wolves in the corridor, some, like Garth, obviously wanted to check in on Castiel, or congratulate him, but Dean kept growling at them all – so in the end, they just made room for the group of three to walk through. Castiel could see a splash of blood on the floor – but neither Ishim nor Donna. Dean urged him on to move quickly through the corridors, rubbing his head over Castiel´s thigh occasionally.
“I wouldn’t count on it.” A smirk appeared on the face of the man with the rotten scent. “My mate seems to be missing as well, and knowing her, your alpha might be caught up for some time…”
Castiel scoffed and let his eyes wander down the double-pages-article to the reporter’s signature. Of course. Instead of a name he found only an infamous pseudonym:
is doing well – but… the world is full of business chains of sweet pastries. There might just be too much competition.”
Dean hissed and pulled back. He looked down at Castiel with an almost indignant expression, but also a bit insecure. Castiel felt the need to explain his action.
pretty close. He is the only family I have left. Well, by blood, that is.” Castiel did not really know what to make of that last comment. “What about you, Cas?”
Dean saw Castiel’s hands wander to his dagger, and he slowly shook his head. The man’s knife was too close to his throat to try an attack. But maybe Dean could divert him a little.
“Then there is Dean, of course. You certainly know all about the Great Warrior, the Hunter, or – like he is called in these lands – the Demon Knight. Whatever you call him, it is all true. He is a great fighter, and a hothead – of the punch first ask questions later kind. If he sets his mind on something, he finds a way to do it. And of course, he is the heir.”
before. But to be honest, no matter what his wolf thought, Castiel was glad Dean had not just thrown him over his shoulder after he had claimed him – the omega was still too overwhelmed with the new developments, and he did not even
After a deep breath, Dean told Victor how Gordon Walker had lost his job in the police force, looking at his own hands for most of the time. He talked for fifteen minutes without any interruptions, and when he was finished, there was another awkward silence.
Maybe it was because of Castiel’s constant staring. Probably. It had to confuse the pack alpha that the newest omega in their midst kept looking at him. Especially because Castiel was about ten years older,
But Castiel knew he had to be grateful, and he was. He was lucky to be with this group of people. For one, other than Dean, his fellow travellers did not seem to be too affected by his heat. He knew that betas had not the same strong reaction to an omega’s heat as male alphas, but fertile omegas usually smelled inviting to them nonetheless. So Castiel was surprised how well Jesse and Cesar handled it. On the other hand, they did keep their distance, and it probably helped that they were mated – to each other, no less.
. When I addressed him about it, he admitted with an unbearable cocky attitude that he was from the Adler clan and searched for a runaway omega, my nephew. I threw him out.” He looked at Dean and raised both hands in an appeasing gesture. “Before you say anything, I see now this was not entirely clever.” Then he turned to Castiel. “I was worried for you. But before I could engage in a devious plan, this Bela came around and told me you are well and healthy.” He looked at Anna. “So I only had to worry about you.”
“Hush” Dean pulled Castiel’s head towards his neck, letting the omega inhale deeply for a few moments.
The question hung in the air for a moment; Castiel really had to think about his answer. Dean’s tone made it obvious that if Castiel said
Suddenly, Dean lifted Castiel’s legs and threw them over his shoulders. Castiel’s hole was now above the bed, easy for Dean to access. Just as Castiel hoped he would now finally feel the thick cock filling him, Dean pushed three fingers into him again.
“Dean,” Castiel tried to wake the alpha up, at least long enough so he would let go of him. “I need to get up. It’s urgent.” The alpha did not move. “Bathroom. Now.” At the very moment he had said it, his stomach let out another loud growl. “And then I need to find something to eat.”
Dean looked at Sam who seemed just as shocked as he. Lucifer was a very old wolf, one of the four Chuck had Changed himself, according to the lore. Maybe that meant he had a few powers the rest of them didn’t. Or it only meant he was getting too old and lost his mind like so many others had before him. Dean should certainly ask Gabriel, another of the First and the only one who wasn’t a complete dick, if he thought it was possible. He probably should even contact all the Alphas from the Council that met regularly – ask if they had had any trouble with Lucifer recently, or if they knew he planned something. Billy’s pack lived pretty close to him, and sometimes she knew things before anyone else did.
Dean looked a bit puzzled. Then he asked, seemingly concerned. “But I cannot pack my whole future life into 10 days. I mean, what if I befriend another alpha next year? Or you know, my place is not exactly suitable for a fa… for more people than just me. Should we go house-hunting right away or what?”
As they walked away from the receptionist, Castiel could not stop his hand from finding Dean’s lower back in an almost possessive gesture. As soon as they were in the elevator, Dean chuckled and crowded in on Castiel, so that the omega leaned with his back to the wall and before he knew what happened, Dean’s mouth was on his.
One thing was obvious, Castiel thought. The people here did not follow their leader because of his bloodline, his wealth, or even just because he was the strongest. They followed Dean because they chose to do so.
He hoped his currently detached feelings were no indication that he was going into shock. But there seemed to be more urgent questions for the moment.
“Why are you doing this?” Castiel was surprised to hear the words coming out of his own mouth. Yes, he had wondered about this, a lot, but he had never intended to ask.
“Not everyone would have done that and I am grateful for the chance to get to know you.” She took a deep breath and it occurred to Castiel that this must be as weird for her as it was for him. “I just want you to be assured that there is nothing going on between Dean and me. And I would have backed out completely if it wasn’t for Ben. You know, he looks up at Dean – and that is more than I could have ever wished for.”
The fact that Castiel had immediately brought him to the bedroom and was now lying down on the bed, completely naked already, probably should have been enough of a hint, but still Dean asked a little perplex: “Right now?”
And sure enough, just a minute after Dean had left, the doorbell rang. It was not even eight, for goodness sake. Castiel contemplated to ignore it, but he could already hear Naomi nagging him about how omegas should never be lazy and start the day bright and early. He also had a feeling that she’d watched the house and knew exactly that Dean had just left. She seemed to be that kind of neighbour. Castiel was glad she did not live right next door – she would probably keep a record on all his activities.
Cas was shocked at his own answer. But Dean did not seem to be irritated. He just gave the omega another once over and then stood without preamble. He said his goodbye and was already on his way to the door, informing Castiel that he would step by at Naomi’s office before he left.
Jody had also contacted Lucifer Cage, who told her a sad story about how he had promised a good friend, Lilith, to look out after her mate. There was certainly nothing wrong if he took the poor man out to dinner every now and then. And the flowers for Castiel? He just thought they were meant as an apology and believed everyone would feel better for it.
wanted Dean to come over. Not that Castiel did not want that too. Lisa nipped at his shoulder. “What happened?”
That had been one of the hardest things to believe when Castiel had finally learned more about werewolves. There seemed to be a perfect counterpart for everyone, even though it was rare for them to meet. In Zachariah’s pack there was only one pair of Mates, two betas. Castiel had always envied them; they were certainly the happiest wolves he had ever met. But he still did not know if he ever wanted to meet his own Mate. Meg had explained to him that omegas only fitted with alphas – and Castiel did not want to belong to someone else. It was bad enough that his pack leader expected him to submit to his every wish. His wolf growled a little bit at him every time he thought something like that.
“Oh, stop it. Like you would dare and challenge Dean.” Alfie giggled, and Castiel felt embarrassed. He did not like to be talked about like he was someone’s property.
Castiel looked out the window again. The snowfall had not decreased, and he felt cold already. At least the ground was not yet covered, and if luck was on their side, it would clear up soon.
“Can I… ah…Can I scent you?” Dean pointedly looked at Castiel’s throat, and the omega nodded enthusiastically as he tilted his head to the side already.
Dean just stared at them in blank horror. What had he ever done to deserve such a family? But whatever he wanted to yell at them, he forgot about it as soon as Charlie ran towards him and hugged him tight, followed by Claire and Rowena, until he was in the middle of a cuddle pile.
“A neighbour pack. We did not know where you might have ended up, so we looked in all directions.” It was Dean who had answered, causing raised eyebrows from both Anna and Balthazar. Of course, they must have heard of the Hellhound pack before, but they had probably not expected to be searched after.
Dean suddenly kicked against Castiel’s knee, not even forcefully but precise enough to make the omega’s leg give away, and Castiel and Dean landed on the ground together. The omega was on his back, Dean on top of him, holding both of Castiel’s hands down on either side of his face. Castiel looked up into laughing green eyes, and he thought he could count the freckles on Dean’s face in this position.
Castiel was almost certain that Dean would refuse, but after a moment he replied: “All right. One hour before dinner. But now go to bed.”
Despite his burst lips, Dean still smirked: “I’m sorry, I thought this was the whole point – that you want a big alpha knot. You should know, there are certain escort services that deliver alphas as well these days. Maybe you have more luck with that solution.”
Were they --- could there be shifters here? But common folk hardly ever had a Second Skin. And those who did needed to report to the palace as soon as the beast overcame them for the first time. They all needed to work for Michael in his army – it was basically the only way for them to change from their birthunits.
wearing any clothes right now. At least he was spared that humiliation. Castiel felt Dean move behind him, getting up as well. The alpha had relaxed a little, and had stopped the growling, but he still seemed wary and ready to attack any moment. Castiel also noticed that the alpha had positioned himself between Castiel and their --- visitors.
And sure enough, as soon as he had the first bite of apple pie in his mouth, Dean released another obscene sound. This time, Petra and Robert imitated the moan – they obviously liked the sweet dessert better than their main course.
“Oh, you can take it.” With that, the alpha let his mouth wander down and he started to suck at the hole, his tongue and fingers now working in tandem. And Castiel could do nothing than lie there on his stomach, arms and legs spread like the alpha had arranged him. After what felt like hours, Dean slowly pushed his length into him and started rocking.
was not happy at that prospect. His wolf wanted to stay as close to the Alpha as possible. Castiel blinked.
He felt Dean kiss his head and then the alpha rolled on his back, pulling Castiel with him so that the omega’s head rested just above Dean’s heart. Even though Dean’s scent was still as calming as before, Castiel could now feel more clearly how tense the alpha was. Like he was expecting to get attacked any second, ready to leash out.
This time, Castiel was sure he saw the lips of the Alpha twitch. He felt immediately relieved. He didn’t know why, but he believed the Alpha. There would have been no reason for him to lie – and more importantly, Castiel’s wolf trusted the man. For some reason, he even liked his direct-if-a-little-gruff approach on these topics. He preferred them at least to Lucifer’s flowery language that hardly hid the menace behind his words and always sounded like he was making a threat.
Dean turned around to the stove and Charlie suddenly picked up where she had left off. “I fell in love with a wolf from another pack. Dorothy is her name. But… she didn’t want to come here, because she is Second in her pack, and we have no vacancies so up high. And I didn’t want to leave my family here.”
“Not in my old pack. The only purpose of an omega is to bear children. I don’t think any of those alphas would have ever showed any interest in making the omega feel
Dean fully turned around and looked down at Castiel. “I fear I have not properly introduced myself before. I am Dean, currently king of Winchester.”
on bc, right?” Castiel could hear the smile in the alpha’s voice. The question was meant to be humorous not harsh.
“Never mind,” Castiel pulled his hand back and stood. “I hope you get your money back, Uriel. Or even the painting. Have a nice trip home.”
Castiel took the two objects in his hands and looked at them – after a moment, his face turned beet red. They were both in a phallic shape of different sizes – the bigger one even had a big bulge at one end. Castiel could guess what they were meant for – especially after Alfie added: “They help, really. Better than just your fingers.”
An hour later, the remaining employees of the Bowling Hall had politely hinted that they would like to close the place down eventually, so everyone quickly said their goodbyes. Just as they had arrived at Dean’s Impala, Castiel noticed that he had left his bowling shoes inside – he admitted he was a bit light-headed since his talk with Sam. Right back in his happy bubble. Dean seemed to be in a very good mood as well; he had kept smirking at Castiel for the last hour. Gabriel, however, had been surprisingly quiet towards the end.
And his wolf had liked him instantly; even before they had talked, when Castiel had only held Dean’s gaze with a raised chin, he had been impressed. Usually, Dean’s wolf would be irritated when a stranger, especially someone who applied for pack membership, would challenge him like that. But with Castiel, he had strangely enjoyed it. At the mere memory, Dean’s wolf rumbled happily. His Mate was strong and wilful, as he should be. In the beginning, Dean had been confused at his own reaction to the omega but when he had claimed him – he had known. Dean had hardly been able to hold his wolf back, and that hadn’t happened in a long time. His wolf wanted to tackle Castiel to the ground and rub himself all over him. Unfortunately, Castiel had not looked like this behaviour would have been welcome.
Instead of arguing his point any more, Castiel changed the topic: “But what happened? From all I’ve heard today, I feared they wouldn’t let you go until trial started – or someone caught the real murderer by accident.”
“No, not the good kind,” Castiel answered more vehemently than he had intended. Even though he could not name what the scent was, it was definitely displeasing. And it somehow made him feel --- insecure, vulnerable even. He looked around. “And I thought… when we came in, I thought someone was watching us,” Castiel added, just to see how Charlie would react.
. He did not think Michael would spare him just because they shared the same bloodline. He would not have killed him, probably, but who knew what would have happened if he found out why Castiel had tried to visit Balthazar.
It took Castiel not even a second to follow through. He had already been so close, just a light twist on the head and he was gone, still kneeling between Dean’s legs.
Castiel did not answer the implied question directly, but said: “I think Jody was right and you should really talk to Claire.” Dean raised an eyebrow at the sudden change of topic. “I can’t talk about ruts, but like you said, having your first heats is very confusing. And I never had anyone to talk to. I mean, there was Gabriel, sure, but it is not the same as having someone who truly comprehends what you’re going through. And maybe, that is just enough. Or, you know, a start at least.”
Castiel sat down on the bed. It was a small room that hardly left any other option to rest. “What happened, Jack?”
The party arrived in the courtyard, and it was smaller than Castiel had expected. But to be fair, there had not been that much time to prepare for a long journey of many people. There were two coaches, one of them seemed to be only used as a baggage carrier. Which meant that in the first one would likely sit Castiel’s fiancée, together with his brother, the king. All in all, there only seemed to be about twenty people, almost all of them on horseback. Not that surprising since the Winchesters prided themselves on their horsemanship.
The beta nodded. “But like he had done with Bobby, he took a less direct route than a personal challenge.” Sam licked his lips, thinking for a moment. “After Dean had been turned into a wolf, he had avoided me, believing he was too dangerous to be around me. He thought I was better of without him in my life – and of course, Alastair had forbidden any contact with humans. So, after my brother had suddenly disappeared, I had slowly come to terms that he was probably dead. For five years, I thought my brother was dead. Our parents had already passed away a long time ago at that point, and my brother had always been my closest family. He’d been my hero, sometimes as much a father to me as he had been my brother. Parent and best friend in one. I had mourned him, and it took a long time until I started to fight my way back into life.” Sam closed his eyes and Castiel could see that he still had a hard time when he thought about those years, even though decades have passed. “I was employed by a small law firm when I met Ruby. From her bite mark, I knew she was a werewolf instantly. She flirted with me and I was fascinated. You know, not many humans had a close relationship with a werewolf at the time – they were even more evasive than these days. And I felt like I was somehow --- special.” Castiel nodded, remembering how he had felt when he had met Meg. “We went out a few times, and I fell in love rather quickly. I was excited about her bad girl vibe and got cocky because she had chosen
Too late Castiel remembered the picture in his hand and he couldn’t do anything else than show it to her now.
“I know,” Sam snorted out. “My car is getting new tyres, so I borrowed Dean’s. He’ll be in the FD for a few days, doing double shifts for a colleague.” Sam chuckled as Castiel has still not moved. “What, you don’t like it? Never tell Dean, should you ever meet him. His baby means everything to him.”
Dean seemed to brood over this for a moment. Then, with a smirk: “I can promise you, there will always be coffee and a bowl of Chocolate Charms.”
Sam looked at him with a raised eyebrow. “I am sorry, but you both just seemed kind of tense when we arrived.”
It had been less than five minutes of fretting when he heard a soft knock on the door. He opened it himself and was surprised to see both Charlie and Jess on the other side, smiling widely. The latter held a little toddler in her arms.
But the green-eyed mand did not seem fazed by the tone. The smile on Dean’s face widened, but Castiel hardly noticed it as he was still trying to remember why he had come here. Stupid heat. “Why, the coffee
When they were finally done, the alpha pulled Castiel in an embrace, kissing him deeply but without haste. He started slowly, movements almost lazy; until suddenly, with a low growl, Dean took control of the omega’s mouth and thereby the rest of his body. Castiel could feel a large sip of slick running down his cleft and he mewled lowly, needing more than just a kiss from his alpha. Dean let his hands wander down to the omega’s ass and he started kneading the flesh above the clothes. With that he pulled their groins together, causing both men to moan.
“I am Alpha, you are a member of my pack. And you stated you allowed me to court you. Not much he could do about it.” There was a smug tone in Dean’s voice.
“Then maybe we should practise?” Dean interrupted his thoughts as he nibbled at Castiel’s earlobe. Slowly, the omega noticed the soft hint of slick in the air. “You know, so we’ll do it right when it counts?”
The words had somehow troubled him, but Castiel might have soon forgotten about the strange exchange, if his Other had not repeated the same words in his sleep that night:
In the end, they could not return to their bedroom directly after breakfast like they had planned, because Crowley insisted he needed to talk to the Alpha about an official pack statement for some newspapers. It was easy to see Dean seriously did not care about that matter, but as Crowley started on a lecture about the importance of his request the pack leader just agreed to look at it – Crowley’s monologues could get really long, and it was usually quicker to just do what he asked for in the first place. Castiel let his Mate handle his Third on his own – thinking wickedly that he did not need to support his Mate in every tiny affair – and used the time to see Jack in private before he would fall asleep. On the way up, he wondered how not even Crowley had openly teased them about their new mating marks.
“And neither did you.” The alpha’s tone made Castiel look up. “What? I am not allowed to think about that? If this was forced on me, it was forced on you, too. And it must be a lot more frightening for you.” Dean coughed nervously. “I told you this before and I will say it again: I am not upset about this bond. On the contrary. I have felt more grounded and content this last couple of days than I have in a long while, if ever. And even though I might not have claimed you knowingly, I do not regret it. I like the thought that you are my mate. Not just any omega.
Lucifer smiled smugly at Dean, but this time he was only met with a direct stare. Castiel nearly stopped breathing. Working in a building with a high number of alphas, he was used to witness staring contests – they could be triggered simply by two alphas sharing the small space of an elevator or reaching for the coffee pot at the same time. But usually, at least at the precinct, they were subtler, and less hostile. One would quickly avert their gaze, but without losing face. It was just something most alphas did, probably often without realising how tense everyone around them could get. Because even if Castiel had never heard about anything like that happen in his workplace, there was still always the possibility of violence in the air. Especially around a Full Moon.
Castiel had hung up the phone before Sam had the chance to say anything else than give him their address. The omega laughed – it was just a few streets away, he could easily walk. To think his alpha had been so close this whole time – and they never had met before!
Castiel did not have to be asked twice and he readily lay down next to Dean. The alpha simply snuggled up to him, threw an arm over Castiel’s waist and pulled the omega’s back tight to his chest. He mumbled: “Night, Cas.”
Dean looked at the clear sky and then took the bag from his shoulder. It was bigger than Castiel had expected. With a few effective movements, the alpha pulled out a tunic and something wrapped in rough cloth. He handed both things to Castiel.
“Don’t be stupid, Dean.” It was the giant again. And Castiel’s eyes widened involuntarily. Had this omega just called the alpha
Just a minute ago, Castiel had thought he would never be able to sleep again. But with the soft and warm blankets of fur around him, his mind just gave up. And before the first beams of sunlight entered the room, he was in a deep and blessedly dreamless slumber.
Castiel let out a purring sound and looked to the ground in embarrassment. No one needed to know just how proud he was of his mate.
“I’ve been thinking about what you would like to do, Cas. Have you ever considered hunting? I know you once said, you have no experience, but I’ve seen you chasing around with the kids. It looks like you enjoy a little exercise.” Castiel blushed – when had Dean watched him play with the kids? And close enough to tell when he enjoyed himself too. “You move completely silent, Cas. This could be useful. Let’s have you try sneak up on some rabbit first, nothing too dangerous.”
Castiel slowly turned around, opening his belly to the alpha in an attempt to appease him further. Dean eagerly rubbed his nose all over Castiel, checking for wounds as much as marking him with his scent.
“Like I said, I’ve thought about you a lot. And I want to give us another chance. You and me, we have been great together, haven’t we?”
Before Dean – or Castiel for that matter – could say another word, the woman glanced at the omega. Her eyes widened in shock and she stepped closer towards Castiel and sniffed. Outright sniffed – she wasn’t even trying to be subtle about it.
Dean suddenly stopped as he realised that he did not hear Castiel’s footsteps behind him anymore. Goddess, he had been so lost in his thoughts that he had not paid attention to his surroundings. Stupid. Ellen and Bobby had trained him better. And his father would chew him out for not being more vigilant.
“You know how you need to be healthy when you shift? It doesn’t work when you are hungry or sick.” Castiel nodded. That much was true. Once, he had tried to change form right after a heat – but he had been too weak to do it. “And you remember the first time you did it? Probably a few weeks after your first heat. How it left you sick and weak for days, probably longer.”
“You’re a cop – and you’re also an omega…” Castiel had to think about what he actually wanted to know, and then said bluntly: “Do you like living in this pack, Jody?”
But then, just as Castiel took in a deep breath, the door was opened anyway, so rash that it flew off to the ground while the carriage was still moving at the same speed as before. A very angry Dean, half on his horse, half inside the carriage, glared at them, and Abaddon made the same mistake the man in the woods had done. She loosened her grip on Castiel’s throat and allowed the omega to push her back to the seat on the other side. She tried to get up, but Dean did not give her the chance. He pulled at her clothes and simply dragged her out of the carriage and onto the hard road.
Two weeks passed like that: Castiel would get up rather late – since both Dean and Missouri insisted he still needed a lot of sleep –, have breakfast with Charlie or Meg and afterwards join either Jody, Sam or Garth in school. He was quite happy with this daily routine, not least because he liked the three betas: Jody with her no-nonsense-attitude and the dry humour, Sam, who seemed to like books just as much as Castiel did, and Garth – well, it was simply impossible to not like Garth, who treated everyone like they were the most precious thing in the world. The three of them soon discovered that Castiel knew countless stories of faraway packs. So quite often, the omega found himself in front of the young children, narrating about the war between the pack of Angyal and Pokol or some other incident in the western territories. He always tried to make it sound as if he had read it in some book years ago – not like it had been a fundamental part of his education.
The group quickly separated and hid behind different trees to change into their wolf forms – as Castiel took off his clothes in the cold night air and prepared for the change, he envied how easily his sister could shift – for alphas, the transformation was always quick and mostly painless. For Castiel, it felt like he had to first break and then heal every bone in his body. He could not oppress a couple of yelps and whimpers until he finally joined his friends again. This time as a small black wolf, looking up at one sandy brown and one red with white spots; both of them had little bags bound to their backs, filled with basic nourishment. As a human, Castiel was taller than his sister; in wolf form, the alpha was distinctly bigger – another typical distinction between alphas and omegas.
Dean laughed at Castiel’s words – that wonderful warm sound that always made the omega’s toes curl – but then the chuckle suddenly died, and Dean looked honestly concerned. There was an obvious truth in Castiel’s words. At least if the Father would maintain his habit to bring them every stray he could find.
Castiel felt his anger rise as he watched his pack, his family, get attacked by his former Alpha. Dean was still in a battle with Azazel, and Castiel felt his nails grow in fury. He hardly managed to look away, until he noticed how Lucifer slowly prowled towards Jack.
Victor raised an eyebrow but took Dean’s offered hand with a polite nod. As soon as everyone was seated, an ill-humoured waiter appeared out of nowhere and handed them the menu. He then just waited with a grim expression until everyone ordered their food. Obviously, he did not want to waste any time, in the nearly empty restaurant.
To both Gabriel’s and Castiel’s surprise, it was Dean who helped Michael to Rowena after the fight, so that the healer could patch him back up. Michael returned to his brothers late that night. Castiel was ready to chew him out, again, but Michael looked bashful and before either Castiel or Gabriel could say one word, he acknowledged: “I am sorry. It was a misunderstanding. Dean and I talked – things are all well between us.”
Jack was still working with Dean in the garage, but as soon as the new semester started, he would enlist in the local college. Jack had been surprised when Dean had asked him what he had done, or planned on doing, before Lucifer had turned him into a werewolf and made him work for his business as well as all the other shifters. Jack had always wanted to become a doctor one day, and Dean had allowed him to attend college – Jack hardly believed what he heard, especially when Dean joked that Alex might help him through the exam one day since the omega had done it three times in the last century – to stay up-to-date with newest developments. But Dean also told him that he would watch him closely – being a doctor was a stressful job, and if Dean ever thought it would put too much pressure on Jack, they would have to think of something else. Castiel was baffled the Alpha would even let him try, considering Jack was still a pup and learning how to be a wolf, but he knew that Dean had talked to Alex before and she seemed to believe it would be better to start at a young age – being a werewolf and a doctor might feel more natural if he got used to it from the beginning. And anyways, there were years of learning before he would even set a needle on anyone – and maybe Jack would change his mind after a year or two. It happened.
Maybe Dean was used to having people watching him, Castiel assumed a little grumpily. He was very attractive, and judging by his cocky attitude, he must know he was the walking opposite of
Castiel had decided to wear brown trousers and a bright blue tunic with artful embroideries. But when he saw Alfie at their appointed meeting place in front of the Council Hall – the young omega was just out of heat, but still smelled a bit sweeter than usual – Castiel’s jaw dropped. Alfie was wearing a mauve-coloured dress with a crest of purple flowers in his short hair.
After Castiel’s nod, Dean pecked him on the lips and turned around. Just as Castiel was watching Dean walk down the corridor from the doorframe, Mildred stepped next to the omega.
Without even looking at his mate, Castiel smiled warmly. “Of course, we will be glad to help out any way we can.”
“Well, I guess I got accidentally abducted by said rebels. And then I somehow let myself be persuaded to help them.”
Sam looked at his guard in a mixture of confusion and worry. “Dean…,” he started, but stopped as the alpha walked towards the group with a determined expression. At least he did not snarl at his liege.
Dean breathed in deeply and raised an eyebrow at Castiel – hinting at the growing scent of slick in the car.
Castiel contemplated for a moment to simply call the whole thing off – but then, he thought about Zachariah again, and he felt sick for completely different reasons.
Now, Castiel did not consider himself the best judge of character, but that was definitely a lie. Maybe he detected it so fast, because he had done a couple of
the company of betas and had lots of casual relationships – but when they mated, they mostly settled down with omegas. After all, alpha/omega-bonds were the strongest. Gabriel once had his heart broken by an alpha, Kali, who after four years, suddenly decided she wanted a true bond and would look for a suitable omega. And alphas could be picky – since they made only about five percent of world’s population and omegas were at over thirty.
Alfie let out an enthusiastic chuckle, and Meg looked at Charlie, asking in a sardonic voice: “Do you believe we will ever get to eat anything but cooked deer again?”
“You know, you don’t have to stay. You can easily refer to your mated status and just leave right now. Claim your alpha doesn’t want to be mated to a working omega. Everyone will believe that.”
He tried to run towards the sound and help his sister, but there was a heavy weight on his back that made it impossible for him to move.
“Castiel, hey… what brings you here?” Jack suddenly came out of the bathroom, dressed only in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, hair still wet.
Castiel nodded, and took the lasts steps out of Dean’s sight. He would not have been stupid enough to run away even without the alpha’s warning. He had no idea where he was –but Dean would probably find him before he had even come close to the next village. And looking like he did right now, he was pretty sure no one would offer to accompany him back to the palace anyway. And if he ran into some less friendly rebels… Castiel shuddered.
Castiel was not surprised when he could feel Dean beside him before he had even reached the bedroom. He did not waste any time picking out clean clothes, knowing he would not need them anyway. He pulled off what he was wearing as soon as he was in the bathroom. Before he stepped into the shower, Dean stopped him with a gentle hand. He looked Castiel over, not in a sexy way, but like he was searching for any injuries he might have hidden before. When he was satisfied that Castiel seemed unhurt, he pushed his nose to the crook of Castiel’s neck and soon licked over his throat. Right where his mark was.
Castiel assumed that Dean was more than a bit confused by now, maybe even a little bit irritated, even though he tried to not let it show, and the omega felt slightly guilty. Every time either one of them had had to be away for more than 24 hours, the alpha could hardly wait to breathe in the scent of his mate again. Castiel remembered a few Hollywood-worthy moments when Dean had stalked towards him and practically pinned him on the next wall as soon as they were in each other’s presence again, nearly desperate to see and scent his mate happy and healthy. And that feeling was mutual, so Castiel had never minded before.
“Come in, please,” Castiel said, relieved that someone would distract him. He knew it must be one of his closest supporters, otherwise the guards would have sent them away.
When it was Castiel’s turn to basically paraphrase his life, he was very aware of the four pairs of eyes on him. He was not too comfortable talking to one person about personal affairs, much less to a whole group. Nonetheless, he told about how he was raised in a children’s home and how he never met his parents. He even admitted he had wanted to become a police officer, though he left out how he had been motivated by all the different detective stories he had read as a child. He managed not to stutter as he mentioned the incident that had him fired in his old job. When he finally addressed that he now lived with Gabriel, his best friend and almost-brother, Rowena interrupted impatiently:
Castiel was strangely jealous that this woman obviously knew a side in his alpha that he himself had not yet noticed – but he didn’t want to seem nosy, so he tried to steer the conversation away from his embarrassing claiming story and asked the beta about the girls.
Dean and Sam exchanged another look – the beta seemed almost smug while Dean had a contemplative expression. Just when Castiel expected to be confronted with a blast of questions or accusations, Dean seemed to come to some form of conclusion in his mind, shrugged and changed the subject abruptly.
It had taken a painfully long time until Castiel fully realised what was happening – and even longer until he had been able to leave his boyfriend. As he stood opposite the tall man – who just seemed to have gotten bigger, but somehow, at the same time, he seemed smaller to him – Castiel remembered the last time he had seen Uriel, after he had tried to force him with his Alpha Voice once again. Castiel remembered how he had waited on the bed of the motel in Arlington that night, not knowing what he should do next. And how that bleak room had become his home for months.
But he did not want to act like any vulnerable omega. He wanted to be this tough guy who had been on a dangerous undercover mission for weeks, who shrugged it off when one of his assailants got a surprisingly mild verdict, and who was not even the smallest bit fazed when he met his abusive ex-boyfriend again.
Dean looked down, then left and right. Finally, his brain caught up to what was happening. He had trapped a girl to the ground who held a crude version of a bow in her hands. The kid tried to break free of Dean’s hold, buts she had no chance against his strength. And then there was a dull feeling against his arm. Dean blinked a few times – the girl beneath him could not be older than ten, and at his side was her brother, judging by their resemblance, who was at least five years younger, punching Dean in the arm with no real force, but obviously still intent to help his sister.
