“Right. That’s right, I’m – yeah. Sorry,” he says, stupid and quiet. And he starts to leave it at that, but Castiel doesn’t look satisfied by his deferential words. Unlike every other alpha that has owned him, he doesn’t seem to like when Dean blindly agrees with him.
John had gotten himself into this, hadn’t he? Common sense tells Dean that he probably
The rest of his life here is equally confusing. He’s never had this much of a lull between horrors. Never had this much food, either, to the point where he hasn’t been hungry at
again. He wants to –
Is he really that broken? Is he so messed up in the head that he can’t just take kindness for what it is, can’t appreciate
Trigger warnings: discussion of past rape/non-con and sexual violence, discussion of past non-con drug use, discussion of m-preg.
But Castiel also knows that, in all likelihood, Dean won’t remember the finer details of this once he wakes up.
needs his head pulled from his ass.
“You shouldn’t be.”
“Sam,” Castiel says carefully. “That’s not my choice to make.”
Dean shrugs. “Thought we were gonna spar.”
“Those records are sealed, Sam,” he says firmly. It’s the first thing he’s said since they all sat down, and his tone is as impenetrable as a brick wall.
into the search bar of his browser before he realizes what he’s doing, his pinky hovering above the
“Ah ah ah! Not so fast,” Crowley says gleefully. “You know, I had a feeling you’d say that. So I went ahead and sent a few of my boys over to the campground where the little tyke is staying.”
“Would you…” he trails off, not sure how to word his offer. “Would it help if you were able to ask me some questions? So you can get some… clarification? Some idea of what the ground rules will be while you are here?”
Dean flinches back dramatically, only
of bone, the coppery taste of blood and his own terror mixing together until he couldn’t tell them apart.
He holds back a groan. The pressure in his stomach, the buzzing
“Balthazar said he tried to kill you,” he says out of nowhere, eating an apple slice.
Dean’s lip twitches upward in the beginnings of a snarl. He doesn’t like the way this feels. Like he’s pinned under a microscope. Like he’s being
than he deserved, honestly. Direct disobedience should be answered with a beating, at the very least. And Dean’s not even bruised.
hard to believe. Unless he was pressured by that family to go under contract – and it’s been known to happen – there’s no way that he hasn’t left a hole in somebody’s life. A kid like Dean, with a savoir complex a mile tall… he’s willing to bet it was the kid’s choice to sell himself.
A jar of
blood. Bits of white tendon were exposed beneath the torn skin.
By the time he’s finished, Dean is already in the kitchen. His hair is so wet that it’s still dripping, clothes damp and stuck to his body in odd places. It’s clear he’d dressed in a hurry. Clear, too, that the shower has done little to ease whatever chaos is happening in his brain.
to, you cannot stop yourself from begging. It’s a sick trick of hormones, artificial and concentrated beyond anything nature can do – and it convinces you that the
bad and needs to be punished. Alastair loved this little routine, the back and forth. The humiliation of Dean begging for pain, if only because the alternative was always worse.
What he
at healing.
“What?” Dean is taken aback. “No! He wouldn’t.”
The man on the other end agrees without protest, quickly and efficiently, and Dean wonders again how a man like Crowley can have such tight control over alphas like he does. Maybe it’s because he
He lets it ring once. Twice. Three times. The look the old lady is giving him, at this point, is bordering on homicidal.
would think he’s sweet, not now, but he doesn’t hear a lie in the doctor’s voice, and his face crumples like a paper bag. “Oh, honey,” she murmurs, and then he wraps himself in his own arms and sobs.
. Before either he or Sam could even think to react, Cas’s hand darted out, and Scott didn’t make it two steps before they were yanked back by the top strap of their bag.
Balthazar shouts – he sounds like he’s halfway across the room.
Perhaps it’s for the best that Pamela interrupts him before he can press for details. She makes a frustrated sound. “Balthazar is right. Omegas in Dean’s position are often told that they are somehow
When his master would get bored of his begging, he’d invariably hook his long fingers through Dean’s collar, would lift and twist until Dean was seeing spots, too busy trying to drag in a breath to fight. He’d find himself with it chained to the bars on the headboard before he’d even known he’d been dragged through the door.
or the whip.”
“Of course I like him,” he replies, dipping a chicken finger carefully in his ketchup. “He’s a good dude, Claire.”
“I would like you to make your
Sam did not dignify that with a response. Instead, he sniffed, and flattened the newspaper out on the table. “If you’re done,” he said stiffly, “I think I’ve got something here.”
Five steps out from under the shade of the porch, though, and he freezes in his tracks.
But his scent is still swirling with the remnants of his fear, and Castiel wishes that he could read the young man’s mind to find exactly what he needs to hear. He can’t, though, so he just guesses. “You don’t think he would have sold you, given the circumstances? He lost everything.”
Castiel must see the direction of his thoughts, because he adds, “We help as many omegas as we can, Dean. But sometimes we have to prioritize.”
was as far as it went. Clearly, he had no idea.
“Are you back with me, Dean?”
“I don’t
Dean’s lips are pressed together when he looks up, his mouth twisted to the side. “Slaves don’t get raped, Cas.”
“Give it to me,” Castiel orders, and the man does without protest.
he slides his arms under Dean’s and pulls his too-light body toward his chest. Dean doesn’t resist – makes no effort to pull back at all, and Castiel doesn’t know if that’s because he doesn’t want to or because he’s too scared to. He prays it’s the former. He wraps his arms around Dean and rubs his shoulders, his side, hoping to bring him away from whatever horrible place he’s in with gentle, soothing touch.
Dean just has to nod. “Um. Yeah,” he says, his voice only a little scratchy. “Me too. Things mighta been different, you know?”
for the chance to go untouched for the rest of his life. He’s never… God, he can’t remember the last time he got slick
him. He knows that’s stupid, because this is literally the beta’s job, but he still feels far too exposed – and weak as hell for letting himself be.
By the time he returns with a warm cup of tea, Dean is fully dressed, his towel crumpled up beside him. He is still on the window seat – though he looks incredibly uncomfortable.
Whatever softness Dean had seen dropped in an instant, and with a dangerous flash, the Cas he knew returned, full confidence and full anger. A commander of legions once again.
Dean feels something catch in his chest. “What?”
Dean’s eyes, scared and watering, flicker up to meet his. Castiel runs a thumb over his cheek. “You owe it to yourself to at least
young, even though the haunted look in his eyes is enough to tell Castiel that Dean has suffered enough for a hundred of his lifetimes.
normal human behaviour between friends, it was too late to back out. So he stood there and pretended to be unaffected, to be clueless, as Dean’s eyes raked up and down his exposed vessel.
if you don’t answer me
The alpha’s palm is warm when it wraps around Dean’s arm, but he feels far away. “Too much?” Cas asks gently, no judgement in his voice. He keeps his words pitched low, so only Dean can hear. “We can leave.”
None of those things are ever true once the fog clears, but it doesn’t stop him from shaking or puking or crawling into the shower for the third time that night, eyes dull, chest aching.
the devastation in the air, the scent that’s morphing from fear into
. He’s gotten essentially zero rest the last few days, waiting to see what would happen to him, tossing and turning with his empty stomach and praying to anyone who would listen that he was done with Hell for good. That Alastair had gone up in flames with the rest.
Dean nodded slowly. “Yeah, I kinda figured that.”
He’s fucking
“Why?”
“Do you want more?”
be late.” He’s already halfway out the door when he turns back around, an earnest, bright smile on his face. “Thanks for talking to me, though.”
Balthazar’s eyebrows climb up his face with every word out of Sam’s mouth. He glances at him out of the corner of his eye, blatantly assessing. “And that doesn’t bother you?”
“I drank it black, as a kid,” he says randomly, staring down at the swirling, creamy brown liquid. “Thought it made me look tougher.”
like a pretentious douche bag. “A
His phone buzzes again, but he ignores it. Dean thinks back. “Well, she might have been about to,” he says slowly, drumming his fingers on the table. “She was trying to say something about a part of that emancipation packet before you busted down the door.”
slavery rebel child
was safe from that. Had thought that Cas wanted him for himself, that he had a secure place and wouldn’t have to worry about being sold again. He hadn’t bothered to consider what would happen to these other omegas.
He’d connected the dots as soon as Cas had said the name. It made perfect sense, after all. Cas has all this money, all this influence – that doesn’t come from nowhere. Neither does the hatred he’d seen in the man’s eyes when speaking of his family. The guilt in his scent. The disgust he holds for bullies, for people who take advantage of people like Dean.
“Dude, you looked
“I mean that my hermit-like ignorance is usually quite a source of amusement, if not outright irritation.”
He’s probably keen for some distance between himself and Castiel, too.
Dean isn't naive enough to think that his sleeping troubles are over for good, but he's gonna take whatever he can.
He’s never been brave enough to use the little lock on his bedroom door. At first, it was because he thought it was pointless – of course Cas would have a key. Then, he thought that he might get in trouble for daring to use it. And, lately, he’d trusted Cas enough to have no
I don’t fucking trust a word either of you have to say and I
Oblivious to his internal battling, Cas is going on about tutoring programs. Dean’s too busy mentally reading and re-reading that stupid paragraph that Cas
It’s nice to hear Benny have some degree of confidence in him, even if it’s unwarranted. Makes the pain in his chest ease a little. But when he thinks about what just transpired between him and Dean, he’s so not sure he deserves that relief.
“I–” The kid falters, biting his lip. “I feel like I kinda put my foot in my mouth, with Dean? He… I said something wrong, I think. It freaked him out. I told Mr. Balthazar, and he said not to worry about it, but…”
The carpet. The
And it
you?”
The sound he makes is…
an indication that I’d like to…” He winces, but makes himself say it. “Mate you.”
Dean twists in his arms, looking at him with wide green eyes. “You’re– you’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
Dean blinks. Looks up at Castiel,
Dean to know where he was going, had
anymore, couldn’t even make his babbling, begging words coherent. Somewhere along the way, in that dark little room, his mind had snapped. He would have sold his own soul, in that moment, for even a second’s worth of freedom.
But back then, of course, Dean had hardly been able to wrap his mind around even the smallest of kindnesses. When the strange new alpha had unlocked his handcuffs and helped him to his feet instead of kicking him till he managed to crawl, he’d thought he was dreaming.
conversation, he nods at Dean’s piles of books that are scattered around the living room. It’s only today that he’d really started working on them again, tentatively asking Cas if it was okay (and it had been an emphatic
Dean feels a little shiver at that. Now
“He is scared,” Balthazar replies bluntly. “He has every reason to be. You own him. You’re an alpha.”
at him, silent and tear streaked, his words too heavy with gratitude to make it out of his throat. The thing in his chest swells another inch and it feels like it could kill him.
Behind him, the angel didn’t speak. Dean, for some reason, was a little bit afraid to turn around and look at what expression might be on Cas’s face. “Man, Cas. Can you even
The alpha doesn’t seem to mind. “We’ve got some time before Pamela can see you,” he says. “We can simply sit and relax until then.”
Castiel suppresses a sigh. Sam isn’t even going to
are the tags around each of their necks.
what his master wants him to, because he’s really enjoying this whole “not getting hit” thing.
Dean.”
Dean has always known that there was only one way he’d escape. And it wasn’t by running, or by rescue.
“I will have you
therapy... Silly, right?”
But he can’t get the photo out of his brain. Can’t stop reeling over the fact that his baby brother is no longer a baby, and is now a man.
So running, as tempting as it is, would be stupid. And even if he thought he had a chance…
right now.
he’d felt when his master’s eyes had landed on him, calculating and gleeful. The realization that his life was about to go from bad to much, much worse.
Dean choked on a laugh. “What are you up to, angel?”
So, the bruises have always been bad – but the cuts are his own fault. When the bomb had gone off, he’d been so panicked and sick with fear that he’d be the next one into the flames that he’d flailed against his bindings, too blind with terror to realize he was slicing himself to ribbons; too scared, even, to stop putting more pressure on his neck by pulling backwards.
“Waiting to fuck up,” Dean finishes, worrying his bottom lip. “Waiting for… I don’t know. To eat too much or not enough. Or take something I’m not s’posed to. Dunno,” he repeats, feeling small, hating his ugly, ignorant southern drawl more and more as he speaks. Hating that, because he’s nervous, his words shrink to sounds that are almost unrecognizable as English. He sounds uneducated, compared to Cas. Low.
Dean swallows against something uncomfortable in his throat. He doesn’t really understand what Castiel is trying to tell him – it’s like the alpha has seen into his mind, somehow, had known that Dean would be questioning his motivations. It makes him uncomfortable, to say the least, that his suspicion is that transparent. He still wants to stay on the alpha’s good side, and he
The realization nearly makes him laugh. It’s so irritatingly, stereotypically
of which he feels capable of jumping over. “Are you serious? Cas. I didn’t even finish
“These say different,” he replies flatly, hooking a thumb through the chain around his neck.
and he knows no other way to express that than through hateful words.
“Stick with me, brother. That’s true, and we both know that. No one doubts it. But the roots of evolution don’t just go away.”  He pauses, waits for Castiel to acknowledge he’s paying attention.
you, Dean. I don’t trust him. You know what kind of shit his family is wrapped up in? Do you realize who he
Dean can’t help the way his teeth grit together or the clench of his closed eyes or the way his hands claw into the couch, even though any of those things are more than enough to get him beat for his insolence. He should be relieved, but he isn’t. He just feels fucking stupid. Helpless.
to Dean touching him like this, the hands on his wings lifted.
She doesn’t finish that sentence. They both know Sam would move heaven and earth to find his brother, and would probably get his ass killed trying. “Remind me why I can’t just roll up to this Castiel guy’s house?”
Dean falters. “I… I think I’d like fruit,” he says, a little firmer this time, and Castiel smiles.
job as the omega to get slick, even if he’s scared out of his mind. But, maybe–
Hope you guys enjoy. I'll be replying to the AMAZING comments you guys left me very shortly. ALSO! Coming up soon, I'm going to be posting Balthazar's... sorta origin story?? It mostly features him and Gabriel, though it's got a little of Cas in it toward the end. I decided that it had become too long to be part of this fic, so I'll be posting it separately instead :)
He knows he’s pathetic, scrambling around for memories on how to be a proper bitch. Castiel has already broken him more than any other master, and Dean doesn’t even
Cas’s low voice startles him a little, and he jumps. “It’s warm – be careful,” he says, handing Dean a mug. It’s got a goose with an honest to God bow-tie on it, like the old lady dishes he used to find in droves at the thrift store. It makes him grin.
that he’s capable of controlling himself, so he can be as sure of it as Dean is. “If it doesn’t work, or if you feel like you can’t, put it back on. But you gotta at least
The January flashback has a lot of dehumanization type talk directed toward Dean by employees of the auction house.
“What you think matters a great deal to me, Balthazar. You know that.”
you are. You touch him, and I’ll find a way.”
He blows a long, slow breath of air out of his mouth and then looks back down at his phone.
“Yeah, but…” Dean trails off, obviously feeling a little wrong-footed. “I thought you freed yourself.”
The blunt way he says it makes it sting less. Dean knows it’s true, knows he’s fifteen kinds of fucked up. For a fleeting moment, he thinks about how insane it is that Cas wants to get his
“‘Kay,” he whispers, not trusting himself to say more.
He breathes in the spring air for a long time, deliberately slow and steady, until he feels the fuzzy edges around his mind snap back into focus. When they do, and he comprehends how hard he is in his soft, flannel sleep pants, he wants to shoot himself.
alpha that works here, but he
underweight. He was so hungry that I could smell it. But you have to understand what he expected from me – the only thing he
He tries, he really does, but it’s like trying to suck air through a coffee straw, and he can feel the world spinning around him and growing darker by the second. He makes a noise, something panicked and desperate, and distantly he can hear Balthazar curse in the background.
Cas makes a pretty noble effort to give them space, considering that Sam was trying to choke him to death a few minutes ago.
He keeps his eyes on his lap as Cas bumbles around, his hands fiddling subconsciously with the edge of his hoodie. He feels… small. Kinda stupid. He’s not sure what he’d been hoping for, saying that – did he really think Cas would jump at the idea? That he would be unfazed by the thought of sharing a room with Dean, when, day after day, he’s been
are, as usual, orbiting around Dean.
“I know,” he says, rubbing a reassuring thumb down the man’s cheek. “You’ve a right to be.”
Benny hums, urging him on. “Which part, exactly?”
, he isn’t.
in July?” he asks jokingly, clearly intending for the question to be sarcasm; but at Castiel’s furrowed brow, he shakes his head with a small, disbelieving noise.
Dean interrupted. “Take it from me, okay? You can’t start thinking like that. That demon did what demons
Castiel grimaces as Balthazar growls into the phone in lieu of greeting. He’d seen the dangerous look in his friend’s eyes as he’d walked him to the door – seems that he’d been right to expect a verbal lashing.
the cut?”
his dad is gonna go for that. He always has a backup plan, he–
it was stupid. But I d-disobeyed,” he stutters out, tripping over the word like he’s afraid to even
“Still. I believe I was being a little ambitious.”
“If you fucking touched him, I’ll
Experimentally, Cas shifts back and forth on his knees, examining Dean's posture and trying, for some reason, to emulate it. He grimaces. “I am still mystified as to how you can sit like this for any length of time and be comfortable,” he grouses, transparently attempting to encourage Dean to sit.
He bundles him into the car, lays Dean’s jacket over his lap. Shucks and adds his own for good measure. Buckles him in, when Dean makes no move to do it himself. Loosens the scarf that has been pulled far too tight around Dean’s neck, the ends damp and dirty from trailing in the mud and snow. Dean swallows when Castiel unwinds it and pulls it away, mouth pressed into a thin, trembling line. Closes his eyes.
touched it with anything approaching kindness – and lulled Dean into a false sense of calm.
That evening finds them in the living room. Cas is up on the couch, his dinner in his lap, and Dean is… on the floor.
. Those people in there knew what I was the second they saw me.”
Bal takes a steadying breath. “Does that mean he wants
at all. You’re acting first and not bothering to ask questions until after the damage has already been done. What would have happened, just now, if you’d shouted at them? If you’d woken them both up in a panic?
Dean wraps his hand around Cas’s, tugging down his air quotes on principle. He knows his cheeks are burning red and he knows there’s not a thing he can do to hide it. “Well, that's–” he struggles, trying to come up with a suitable insult that will make him stop feeling like he’s going to have to dive in the lake to escape the embarrassment.
The omega thanks him, then scrambles up off the floor and hurries away fast enough that Castiel realizes he’d probably only come downstairs for this reason. When he comes back, he slides down to the tile without preamble in a movement that shouldn’t be graceful, but is. Something borne from practice. It makes his heart hurt.
And in a tiny, shameful corner of himself that he hates more than
When he draws up the courage to follow Dean into the kitchen, he starts to pull out the chair across from him. But the omega is perched on the edge of his seat like it’s going to bite him, back ram-rod straight, hands gripping the edges. His eyes are glazed, face pale, and when he looks up at Castiel it’s like he’s been caught doing something wrong.
Castiel doesn’t want to think about that, doesn’t want to acknowledge that he’s got some sort of sick
This is no different. But to Dean, it must
had poured out of him automatically – had felt
But she shakes her head, to his surprise. “No. I’m not going to make you do anything.”
But then, the alpha pauses. Turns to sniff the air, the smile on his face curling into something downright cruel.
Dean is still stable by the time dinner rolls around, and Castiel couldn’t be happier about it.
“Are you sitting?”
“You will be, for the most part,” Castiel reassures him, attuned to his anxiousness, “but there are people who are better suited to help you than I am in… well, to be frank, in most areas.” He leans forward, pulls out his phone and begins to scroll through it, holding it up to show Dean a picture of a grinning man. He’s slightly older than Castiel, blonde, his arm thrown over his master’s shoulders. “For instance – Balthazar. He's the head of rehab, and one of my good friends besides. He would come by the house and help you get settled, help you understand your next steps. When you’re ready.”
on his face.
clear.
when he realizes it – when he understands that his heart is not slowing, that his anxiety is still twisting through him like white hot snakes. As comforting as the alpha is, it’s not what his
And he’s
It’s the most Cas has touched him since their hug a few days ago. Dean has been pretty pitiful since then, brushing up against Cas like a needy cat, but he hasn’t been brave enough to ask for more direct contact. He knows Cas would give it to him – the man has been visibly patient with his “accidental” touches, never once commenting on them even though he easily could. But Dean just feels too exposed at the thought of coming out and directly
Dean shrugs again. His cheeks probably look like fire engines, at this point – he stares down at the ground as if it will keep Cas from seeing how self-conscious he is right now. “I mean, you know. I did most of the cooking at home. Dad wasn’t… he didn’t really do anything ‘cept TV dinners, if even, and Sammy couldn’t grow up on that, so…”
Instead, he sighs. Pulls out his phone once again.
“How old are these?” She’s gesturing at a series of dark bruises along his side and back and he bites his lip. He doesn’t know, so he shakes his head. “Did you bleed when you urinated?”
He freezes as Balthazar raises his voice so Cas can hear him inside the office. After a moment, the alpha opens the door, a slight frown on his face. “I intend to.”
time, for anybody. So he sits on the floor with the alpha practically crushing him, his weight calming rather than frightening.
there.
“Yes,” the alpha says evenly. He shakes out his jacket so that the sleeves are right side out. “Very much so. It’s quite a comforting scent–” he breaks off with alarm. “Dean?”
carefully, but even still his scent spikes at the thought. Castiel’s gaze is knowing when he dares to meet it, and when he replies, he stares intently as though willing Dean to believe him.
Cas doesn’t sigh again. He doesn’t do anything, actually, except squeeze his arms a little tighter. “That is the opposite of how I feel. The
to do. The rules are different here, because Cas cares about him – he knows that now. Believes it now. So, no – his alpha wouldn’t care at all if he... yeah. In fact, with as weird as he is, Cas might even be
He can feel his nails digging into his palms. “Yes.” And damn if his voice doesn’t crack.
Slowly, an idea forms in his head. One that makes him squirm with a confused sort of shame, the same thing he’d felt after his little fantasy in the shower. But he trusts Cas. He
Because he always seems to make the wrong ones.
so fucking relieved that Castiel would want him to stop being afraid that he would go to those lengths to help him.
not a Dean Winchester specialty.
“Of course. Remember, you have Pamela’s card. You can use my cellphone to call her, if you’d like.”
He’s hardly let himself think of that day, since it happened. Has certainly never told a
The seconds tick by, and just as Sam is starting to think he should throw it in reverse and come back tonight, the window slides back open. The woman grins at him, and, as if by magic, the bar across the road rises out of his way. “Have fun, Sammy.”
Dean half listens, but the words wash over him without much meaning. All he knows is that if he can get that smile to stay on Cas’s face forever, he’ll have done good.
Dean’s eyes flick up to his face, then back down to the floor. His hands twitch at his sides like he wants to hold something; the pillow he’d been clutching earlier is several feet away from him, abandoned and forlorn, and his eyes dart to it before returning to his lap. “Um. Yeah.”
Benny goes on. “Three,” he says, pointing his middle finger up along with the other two, cocking it like he’s firing a gun at the corner of the ceiling, “you’re actually planted on the furniture, which, trust me, is a more common issue than you might think.”
Isn’t Cas the one that’s been pretending to enjoy things he’s really just
He… loves Dean.
of pathetic that he feels that way, but it’s different than it’s ever been before. Castiel doesn’t
for it.
Closing his eyes, he breathes around the swelling thing in his chest that is threatening to pick him up and shake him apart. It doesn’t help much.
And he’s grateful.
“I have no idea what I’m doing.”
Dean makes a sort of rough, strangled noise, pulled from high in his chest. He doesn’t
had forged John’s signature for the permission slip.
was scared when he was shouting threats in my face. And you think
He pauses, waits. Dean lets loose the breath he’s been holding ever since Castiel said his name. Patient, Castiel runs a thumb over his cheek and rests his palm against the side of his face, just as he had last night. And, at last, Dean nods.
“Y’know… I think this one was here before, actually, if I remember right. It’s been a
She glares at him, still suspicious. “But you
. I am
He also knows that bringing Dean to the center all but guarantees that he’ll figure it out all on his own, and he tries not to feel like a coward for hoping that he does.
Her words make his heart clench. “Is he going to be alright? Is this going to… to hurt him?”
Sam’s leg is flush against his, warm and steady. He tries to focus on that rather than the lingering alpha rage in the air, rather than his own pathetic fear.
He hadn’t known how much of what he’d said had sunk in, but the reassurances, the
It hits him with a pang that there’s a good chance that, since the day before yesterday, Cas hasn’t slept much at all. Too busy worrying. Fretting. If his insomnia had kept him up when Dean had done nothing but freak out a
it’s been about his
Dean buries his face in his knees completely, shoulders shaking. He’s crying. Silent as the grave.
Good morning (afternoon?) my lovely humans! I hope you're all having a good weekend.
Shaking his head, Dean adds, “That Cas ain’t got nothin’ to do with you.” And, while Castiel knows that Dean is just trying to reassure him, he does truly sound like he believes it. It makes something in him unclench. Makes it possible to swallow his guilt and put it to the side.
He lets sleep take him just as the sun is peeking over the horizon.
But then he looks around at the stacks of books surrounding them, thinks of his little pile in his bedroom that he had to carefully dismantle this morning… and flushes scarlet.
Cas must sense some of that, because he turns back toward Dean. Takes his other hand. His eyes are soft. Understanding, but not pitying.
before he thought they might have anything to do with his brother.
“Someone Dean knows?”
He stares at the alpha’s body, languid and powerful on the couch in front of him, abruptly understands what the man must expect from him, and swallows.
“Dean,” he repeats, but this time his voice is full of regretful warning. “Dean, I–”
When he’s finished, he turns around to find Dean frowning skeptically at the last blanket, his hands wrapped around it tightly. He’s lined the edges of the mattress along the wall with the rest. “You don’t mind that it’s all… nested up?” Dean asks, looking up at him. “I know it’s probably not what you want…”
Dean flushes harder, looks away. “Um.” His eyes land on the clock next to his bed – it’s past noon. No wonder Cas is up here.
he’s blushing.
Dean’s eyes catch his again for a beat, long enough for Castiel to see that they’re wet.  His words are soft when he replies. “I want to believe you.”
But then Pamela shakes off her irritation and smiles at him again, and it’s so at odds with the steel trap around his lungs that he feels like he’s getting whiplash. “When you’re ready, Dean, I want you to tell me where you’re injured. Nothing is too small, so don’t skip over anything, even if you think it’s not a big deal.”
He feels stupid for not realizing sooner, and a little guilty besides. When is he going to stop assuming that Cas is anything like the masters he has come to know?
think that,” Castiel interrupts, panic and guilt clawing out of his mouth right along with his conviction. “I could
He thinks he might fall on the floor and start bawling when he realizes it, the empty patches of painted drywall and wood more wondrous than anything he’s seen in years. He sways, stumbles forward. Has to put his hands on the bed to catch himself, lightheaded, blood rushing in his ears, something sharper and more painful than relief slicing him to ribbons.
The alpha had slept right through the night on the couch – Dean had
He slumps against the wall across from Dean’s door and slides to the ground. He lets out a shaky breath. One he feels like he’s been holding since Dean tumbled to the ground after a careless movement from Castiel at the top of the stairs, holding since Dean ran from him like prey from a predator.
blankets from the linen cabinet to pile onto the meager collection Dean had started.
Dean shakes his head. Smiles, though the pull of it looks a little painful. “He’d tried to tell me at breakfast that he was old enough to go home by himself, that he didn’t need me to babysit him – it was my birthday, I think that’s where he got the idea to give me a break. And hell, I mean. He probably
Dean takes a deep breath that does not sound steadying in the
There were more layers to the gift they had been given. Layers which they would unravel in time. At their own pace. Together.
The omega looks almost pained at his words. He closes his eyes for a brief second. When he opens them, he turns, and meets Castiel’s gaze for the first time since he arrived. “I… jumped to some conclusions about how he’d feel.
Castiel wants him to go into
He realizes that he’s been quiet for a long time when the scent of Cas’s anxiety makes its way over to him, all sharp and acrid like burned coffee. Shaking himself out of his thoughts, Dean turns his way, opening his mouth to ask if he’s alright.
to abate the man’s anger, even if it’s futile.
Dean doesn’t let go, either.
But Dean does not look up at him. There is no moment of disbelieving joy, no spark of hope in his gaze. He simply breathes against his chest and lets the silence answer.
The tension fades from his shoulders just a little. Castiel can’t help the little puff of pride he feels, seeing the omega in his clothes and seeing that it
at him, nodding or smiling or both. He seems... tired. Exhausted, really. Down to his bones.
Sam squeezes his hand. He knows, of course, what Dean is really asking. “I live with him, Dean.”
He doesn’t know, really. He knows almost nothing about Sam Winchester – nothing other than what Dean has let slip now and again, and those moments have been few and far between. He only knows that Dean loves his brother desperately, far more than Castiel has ever been loved by any of his own family.
He follows her silently until they reach a large set of double doors, with two smaller ones on either side. “There’s gym clothes in the locker rooms,” she says under her breath, and then heads toward the women’s side without a backwards glance.
ready to get out of here. What do you say?”
Rick backs up another step, exchanging a bewildered look with the other handler. “Easy there, tiger.
John had said, a gruff little smile on his face.
Balthazar huffs out a laugh. “Suppose so." He gives Castiel a look. "What the hell are we gonna
Castiel takes pity and makes the choice for him, pulling him closer and wrapping his arm around his shoulders.
idea what he’d been doing.
“You did good, Cas,” he says, abruptly realizing that the alpha needs reassurance. He still isn’t used to that, but at this point, he should be. Cas wants to do a good job. Wants to keep him safe. The least Dean can do is show him that he
Sam breaks off. Feels Charlie’s infectious joy inside of him dim as he watches fat drops of rain gather together and slide off of the windshield. “He, uh. He was at first. But I… I made a real ass of myself.”
“Distracted, huh?” he goads. “Why might
He’s met with a photo, glued down to the first sheet. He nearly doesn’t recognize himself. He’s 16 in it – freshly collared, head shaved, a defiant jut to his chin that he doesn’t have anymore, might never have again. He looks so brave in this picture. So stupid.
matter.”
After all, he’s ready to do anything he’s asked in order to stay here. Hell, he’s already
Dean fiddles with his zipper, frowning at the fluttering papers. “What’s the stuff that ain’t so easy?”
folding his too skinny body nearly in half.
Back on the tile in the same clothes he went to sleep in, Dean’s head is down, his hands behind him once again. The position doesn’t look at all comfortable. Castiel has no idea how long he’s been waiting there.
he’s… somehow feeling quite pleased with himself. And the image of Dean’s eyes, pupils blown wide and ringed with gold, is doing very interesting things to his hindbrain.
this? They must, because the man doesn’t look shocked by anything he’s saying – on the contrary, he’s acting like this is a run-of-the-mill conversation.
not the time.
“That’s different,” Dean said, pulling the paper closer to himself to read it properly. Small town like this, there wasn’t much else going on – of course a bunch of abandoned buildings burning to the ground would make the news either way, but the addition of a body had made it a headline. He slowly rolled up the paper, tapping it thoughtfully on the table. “You still think it's something for us? Not just some punk kids or something?”
with him. There’s something deeply fucked up about that, he thinks. He knows. Jesus Christ, his brain is scrambled.
He lets a long, slow breath out, willing his heartbeat to slow down. He can do this. “Uh… this morning I had… pancakes?” It had been bewildering to realize Castiel had cooked for him again, but he’d been too nervous to question it. He hadn’t been hungry in the slightest, but he’d figured it would be rude to refuse them outright, even if his stomach had been churning at the sight of so much food. He could probably survive on what his master had fed him last night for three or four days.
Dean half laughs. It's a nice thought, but even if he hadn’t signed himself over, he wouldn’t have been able to avoid being hurt – his dad had been doing it long before anyone had paid to. But he doesn’t want to talk about that, and he thinks the alpha has an idea of some of the shit his dad had done anyway, so he pushes those thoughts away.
“I–” He falters. “Are you tellin’ me I smell like apple pie, Cas?”
“He won’t,” Castiel repeats.
to believe that. Hell, sometimes with Cas, he
you.”
He can’t help it. He’d tried to go downstairs to start breakfast, but some unknown force had held him back, had oriented him toward Cas like a compass toward north. So, instead, he’d returned to his bedroom and wriggled back under the covers, rolling so he could press his forehead back into Cas’s chest. And even though he knows what’s coming, he still feels better when the alpha sleepily drapes his arm over him and pulls him in closer.
Numbly, he lets Cas guide him into the kitchen, his hand caught in the alpha’s own. The man makes a beeline for the stove, probably intending to cook some eggs or something equally protein filled, and stops short.
He says the words neutrally, but Sam can figure out what he means easily enough. He pushes back the urge to sigh. It’s not the first time he and Charlie have been mistaken for a couple, and it won’t be the last. “She’s just a friend.”
Dean lets out a slow, even breath. “I know.” And he does. If Cas has proven anything, it’s that he won’t make Dean do pretty much anything. And while that had been a bewildering and, frankly,
“Hit me.”
need him to do. It was something Castiel had done thoughtlessly, regressing back to the role he’d had to take on during the last few days. Dean clearly doesn’t resent him for it – he, too, had been more unsure than usual, had looked to him for more guidance than what Castiel had grown accustomed to needing to provide before his heat. But it had been wrong all the same.
him do something – that night, ages ago, where he’d ordered Dean to scent him – had made the alpha guilty for days. And that had been
“Dean,” he says, when the feral thing inside of him can’t stay silent any longer.
inherently
“You just wanted things to be different,” Dean said softly.
Dean.”
He realizes that he’s been quiet for too long when Dean suddenly looks unsure of himself. “But, uh, I mean. Obviously if you don’t want that, I don’t have to –”
She cocks an eyebrow at him, blatantly letting her eyes drag up and down his frame. He feels a little bit like a bug under a microscope. “Sure is, baby. And how come you’re trying to find it?” she asks sweetly, an expression of polite doubt very clear on her face.
Dean whispers, hysteria twisting thorns into his tone with frightening speed. “He’ll figure out I’m alive and he’ll – he’s–”
confusing as hell – why pay people to do jobs that slaves can do?
early, had managed to get a full ride to Berkeley
enough not to know what could happen. For starting him on a dangerous, terrified spiral of self doubt and hatred. Just a few short weeks ago, Dean had been all but convinced that Castiel intended to take advantage of him in every way possible, and in that moment in the bathroom he’d been as scared as he’d ever been. So, of
He has that time, now. And he finds that, more than anything, he wants to understand the man sitting on the ground next to him. Wants to know what’s keeping him awake, so he can put it to sleep.
Castiel sighs. He’s not hungry, but Dean needs to eat. So he mixes some pancake batter absently, heats a pan to the right temperature, and starts to cook. It’s methodical and calming. He isn’t a chef by any stretch of the definition, but he can follow precise directions better than anyone he knows. He wishes that rehabilitation came with a guide as clear cut as the one on the back of the box of batter.
His gaze flicks up to the house behind Dean, calculating, probably considering the fact that they should not be anywhere near an enraged John Winchester if they can avoid it.
Cas, as smart as he is, recognizes the game he’s trying to play right away. Dean can feel him relaxing. “Clever omega,” he murmurs.
anymore. He wants to, but Bal had said to keep it simple at first. To lay out his expectations in the form of what
and remember that tonight?” he asks. He sounds tired. He probably
Or… maybe he’s falling apart because he’s realized that he can finally trust someone to watch out for him – he doesn’t have to be on guard, doesn’t have to be scared that the gold in his eyes is as good as a neon sign that screams
whatever the hell that means. He snorts as he takes in the man’s responses, which range from terse to outright hostile.
He’s on his knees instantly. Head blank, chest tight. The decision to drop down was not a conscious one, but he’s here now, and he just barely stops himself from slipping his hands behind his back like he’s been trained, his palms frozen on the ground instead. He’s fucking
He just stares at her, too numb to make sense of what she’s saying. She smiles. “Alright, Dean. You’re doing great so far. I’d like to take your blood pressure now, which might pinch a little but won’t really hurt. Then your weight and pulse.”
“You already took it off,” Balthazar interrupts, voice flat. There’s a pause, and then a long suffering sigh as the ball stops bouncing. “Why am I not surprised? You don’t have any tags for him, do you?”
Gently, Dean takes his brother's hand back into his own and grips it tightly. Sam’s eyes are red rimmed and wet when he opens them. “I missed you, Sam. Every fucking day, I missed you. I hope you know that.”
him trying to reign in his emotion. Can smell the flickering scents in the air, the vain attempts to mask them. They rush back in as quickly as they go.
“Yes, Cas. Yes.
When Castiel finally moves, Dean flinches into himself with a sharp intake of breath. But, rather than lunging forward, his master stares at him.
He nods. “I would say, though,” she adds, “that he would probably appreciate some reassurance that
Dean’s eyebrows draw together, his gaze impossibly green as he stares into Castiel’s eyes, searching for something he clearly thought to be impossible.
Dean cocks his head to the side. “Yeah, I’m sure I do. I’m living with Castiel.”
about it to know that. But he’s not going to tell that to Sam.
“Because, if you change your mind–”
The alpha takes a step closer. “All alone, then?” He sniffs the air, glancing around the garage to check, ostensibly, for witnesses. Dean scoots back on reflex, but in the wrong direction – he ends up pressed against the car, nowhere to run. He makes the mistake of looking the alpha in the eye and instantly regrets it; his insides drop twenty degrees when he sees the man’s large pupils, his hungry gaze.
of it came from pure intentions.
Because Dean really had believed, for a while there, that he would be spending the rest of his life with Cas. And he’d been okay with that.
Those words hit a little too close, make him feel a little too vulnerable. It sort of feels like he’s been slapped, but not in an unpleasant way; a blush is starting to spread across his cheeks.
And Dean snaps his eyes open, locking onto the scent of his guilt immediately. Because, whether he deserves to be subjected to it or not,
didn’t fail to flip Cas’s stomach.
“Well,” Castiel began, “One day perhaps you could oil my feathers. The oil gland is somewhat of an erogenous zone. I’d imagine you’d enjoy participating in heats. The desire for nest building and knotting is… significantly increased during that time period.” Dean’s eyes darkened pleasantly, so Castiel continued. “I could take you on flights. Morning sex. I’d love to bring you to orgasm using my Grace alone.”
thumb print for the scanner key. How, if Dean does run, it will be
There’s silence, for a while – he just listens to Bobby breathe for a moment. When he speaks again, his voice is much quieter. “You’re settin’ yourself up for hurt, kid.”
“Artificial heat hormones,” Pam says, fury twisting her mouth, “are like
want that.”
Dean peers down at them both. He looks better now, after nearly an hour to recollect himself. He glances at Cas first, his smile soft, and then focuses his attention on his brother.
I didn’t, d-didn’t let him, I
“And,” Dean continues, just as angrily, “you don’t get to feel guilty that I have
:3 Let me know what you thought? I'm eager to hear feedback... I've been agonizing over this chapter for, oh...
“You can call me Benny, if you’d like,” he says easily, in a soft southern drawl. “Dr. Lafitte is a damn mouthful.”
The alpha flaps his hand at him and uses the other to hold the bridge of his nose. “Yes, of course. I’ll be… fine. Yes. Sorry.”
for him. He’s protected Dean from anyone and anything who sought to do him harm; he’s even protected Dean from Dean himself. It shouldn’t have been a huge leap of logic for Dean to consider that the alpha couldn’t actually want to
Castiel is worried that he’s gone too far, that Dean will be afraid of him anew when this is over and the shock of pheromones and fear wears off. But, in this moment of sudden stillness, he can’t make himself regret his actions.
Dean opens his mouth to protest, but he figures there’s no real point. Claire isn’t wrong, and no matter what he says, she’s going to know he’s lying. So he presses his lips together and shrugs, fiddling with his food.
Sam rubs the back of his neck, a bit guilty. “Yeah, sorry. I forgot. Had a little bit on my mind, to be honest.”
“What the hell did you
It’s only the second time that Dean’s been in his bedroom, and Castiel can’t help but remember the
Castiel had run his hand through the omega’s hair and stared at nothing, numb, while he’d drifted off.
“No,” Dean said forcefully. He reached over. Set his hand on Scott’s shoulder, squeezing gently. “That was
The pure
it, not with Cas looking at him like that. Like he’s… important. His heart is beating so loudly in his chest that he’s
And he does.
Balthazar is quiet for a good ten seconds. Then, he swears, his hand slamming down loudly on his desk.
Dean doesn’t look him in the eye. He tightens his hold around the pillow, self-soothing. “But of all the slaves around, all the ones that could actually be fixed, you bought… me.” His gaze is hollow. “Unfixable.”
The alpha blinks at him like he’s grown a second head. “Water?”
Cas sighs. Dean can feel the rise and fall of his chest against his back.
“Step up here, will you?” she says, pointing to a scale that’s situated against the wall. “I want to see how much you’ve put on.”
Sam shrugs. “I drove all the way here. Even if nothing works out, I might as well window shop, right?”
of this,” he growls, gesturing at himself, at his tense posture. “Cas hates it. And I – I fucking
Dean nods. He stumbles to his feet, nearly losing his balance, and Castiel physically restrains himself from lunging forward to grab him – he doesn’t want a repeat of what happened out in the yard. Dean finds his bearings and holds his plate and fork and cup against his chest with one hand, looking around for the sink. “Don’t worry about that,” Castiel says quickly. “Just leave them on the table.”
Balthazar is quiet for a long time. When he speaks, his words are more gentle than Castiel deserves for them to be. “Take a breath, friend.”
to understand. I won’t tell him anything you’re uncomfortable with me sharing, but...”
Dean’s stomach swoops. Fuck, he’s gotten it wrong, and his master is going to be angry. He’s embarrassing the alpha in front of guests, and that’s a
It’s absurdly cathartic to push and tuck blankets and pillows into the little nooks and crannies of his hidey-hole, beyond comforting to curl into his nest of pillows and blankets with the one quilt he
to be the truth.”
thing more and more - why don’t you go ahead and tell me what other wild angel kinky shit I can expect from you?”
“It’s not
“I am sorry about earlier,” he offers. “I didn’t specifically intend to…”
“I’m always in pain,” he blurts, scared, suddenly, that he’s going to go back to that awful period of limbo from before, where all he could do was trail Cas around the house and sleep. “Always a little, at least. That’s
Dean blinks. “Sure, Cas. That’s fine,” he says slowly, confusion creeping over his face.
He had not bothered to tell Sam where they were going. Had not spoken much to him at all, really. Strangely comfortable in the car, he’d jabbed at the station buttons with an irritated expression on his face when a Celine Dion song had warbled out. It had been about fifteen minutes before Sam hadn’t been able to take it anymore.
And after a bare few minutes of comfort – far less than Dean really needs – the omega pulls himself away, wiping the back of his hand over his eyes quickly. There is steel in his jaw, and even though his fear is still very much a tangible presence in the room, he huffs a short breath out of his nose and shakes his head as though he thinks himself ridiculous.
The omega’s eyes flicker up to his face, just shy of making eye-contact. He’s wary, understandably, waiting for the rest of whatever he thinks is coming. But when Castiel adds nothing else, he tentatively nods.
thanks a million.”
So rather than push him harder, rather than force an honest answer out of him, Castiel breaks down. He changes tactics.
And now, Castiel
Dean feels like he’s under the microscope, and it’s not a feeling he enjoys. He grimaces. “Can’t I just… Can’t I like him because he’s a good
Castiel is still not comfortable with ordering him at all. Is still not used to the weight of that responsibility on his shoulders. But Dean trusts him. Dean had asked him for help. Castiel can’t find it within himself to refuse, no matter how many misgivings he may have about his own ability to handle it, to do right by him.
A pointed sort of smile curls across Balthazar’s face. Idly, he twirls his pen between his fingertips – Sam follows the nearly hypnotic movement involuntarily for a moment before he tears his eyes away.
Pamela gently takes the hoodie from his hands and sets it to the side, stepping back a little. She glances at his master, some silent message darting between them that Dean is too anxious to catch.
than they’d been last night, and he has to wonder how much sleep Dean had actually gotten. How long he’s been awake and alone with his thoughts. He knows that he’s probably being more than a little illogical, but he cannot help but be disappointed that he was not able to comfort Dean the way he so obviously needed to be comforted.
She rolls her eyes, but gives in with a sigh. “So what the hell is it, then?”
He gets no answer except a low hum. It could be an agreement, or a denial. Either way, Cas doesn’t move an inch from his spot on the couch. He just turns toward him, and blinks at Dean slowly. Like a cat. He cocks his head to the side very slightly, as if to say,
“And that about sums it up.”
He can hear the shuffle of the newspaper as Cas sets it on the table. “I didn’t think you’d be up this early, or I’d have prepared breakfast.”
“Ah. I’m,” the alpha half starts, flustered. “Um.” He shakes himself. “Samandriel, this is Dean. Dean, this is–”
Then Dean had read the file. He’d
that was Dean, yes?”
He should have known better than to hope. Every little gesture Castiel has done for him and continues to do for him just hurts all the worse now.
of attacks like Hell endured are never identified, whether they live or not. Some misguided attempt by the government to protect them from further violence, should they survive. But the tip about Dean himself had come from an inside source, and so it’s possible that the information is out there somewhere.
much. It only takes
considers – what Dean must be going through.
He expects to see disgust or disappointment in Pamela’s eyes as she stares at the scar – he’s useless as he is now. An omega bitch that’s broken, inside
And what the
The lines around his face ease just a little. “Well, there’s fruit. And sugar; brown or white, and honey. There’s cinnamon, too. Or any combination of those.”
“I don’t
Cas wants him to have feelings. Wants him to express them. He’d
“Are there any open spots on campus?”
He scrolls past the company information – the products they sell, the lobbyist and political action committees they fund, the contracts they hold. The
Stunned, Castiel sits up. The covers pool around them both. He slowly scoots back against the wall, looking at Dean’s small body numbly.
Cas still smells sad. But he strokes Dean’s hair, presses his cheek down on his head, and says, “I’m so proud of you.”
It does nothing but make him feel unspeakably guilty. Does nothing but remind him, over and over, that if it weren’t for the Morningstar chip in his collar, Dean would likely have been able to leave Hell behind him before any of that had happened. He cannot stop seeing the blank, sick fear in Dean’s eyes when he closes his own.
Crowley’s grin
doesn’t look up. He drops a container of strawberries on the counter, the movement so jerky and abrupt that a few bounce out and roll away. He does not chase them.
one of those people – figured that sex would always be too tangled up in his head with violence and fear to ever be something he actually
“Well,” Claire says thoughtfully, “didn’t you just say he’s weird about the fact that it’s his name you’re sportin’ on those tags?” Dean nods. “So why
In particular, his assistant is clearly a little adrift. Alfie is nervous at the best of times, but he’s received a dozen emails from him asking for clarification and for permission to do things for other employees, none of which really needed to be sent. He suspects that the young man is struggling to handle himself because he's used to not having much to do at all with Castiel there – while he would not call himself controlling, he is not a good delegator when it comes to tasks he feels responsible for. Alfie, most of the time, ended up doing the not inconsiderable work of translating Castiel’s directives into more friendly and human-like language, or was at least a sounding board for him to bounce responses off of. He hopes he isn’t coming off as too robotic without his input.
When Castiel looks at him blankly, Balthazar just snorts. “Come on, lover boy,” he says, shaking his head. “I’m still hungry.”
Cas raises one thick eyebrow at his outfit. “That sweatshirt is at least two sizes too large.” He pours more cereal into his bowl and offers the box to Dean, who shakes his head. “Besides, I meant that you might like to have clothes that aren’t strictly loungewear. If nothing else, you need a proper winter jacket and some boots.”
now. A purpose.
Fiddling with his shirt sleeves, Cas avoids his eyes when he answers. “We knew you would be… would probably be sold again. Quickly. And the scouter was worried that it would be to somewhere... similar. To where you’d been before, that is. Most likely with an auction-lot of other slaves.”
“I didn’t mean to pry,” he says softly, after a long, tense moment of Dean’s silence.
Tap, tap, tap. He scans through Christian rock, and a cumbia or two, and a couple of talk shows. Then he lands on a familiar riff, and he freezes, his hand hovering over the stereo.
“Alright. So you’re hardwired to protect, and in front of you, you have a person that needs a hell of a lot of that. You’re scenting their distress day in and day out, and naturally, that upsets you, as it would anyone.”
Dean doesn’t say, but he thinks it. He just nods, shrugging when Kevin ogles at him. “Yeah. For a few months now.”
“I… yes.” He’s
“They’re very popular.”
cost him the chance at a family. It was his fault/ Totally and completely. Who had been in charge? Who had
hurt. Because he never wants to lose Dean. Deep down, he knows that there is something ugly inside of him, something that whispers to him that the only way Dean will ever stay is if he has no other choice. He can ignore that voice –
What if Sam regrets ever looking for him in the first place?
him, Bal,” he argues softly. “God knows why, but it does. He has placed more trust in me than I deserve. And I cannot throw that trust back in his face. I… I can set aside my own… desires,” he says with difficulty, guilt squirming inside of him. “For him. I can.”
in Dean's life... it's endearing.
Nonetheless, he sticks his hand out to shake, and the omega grabs it without hesitation. “Mr. Wesson, is it?” he asks. He’s got an English accent.
if they catch you. The end of all the good shit you’d do for people otherwise. I’m
“I think he understood just fine,” Castiel soothes. He tries to make his scent calming. Tries to communicate to Dean that it’s okay to relax. “It will take a while for him to wrap his head around it.” A while for him to come to terms with it without boiling over in rage, really, though Castiel doesn’t say that.
Castiel opens his mouth to reassure Dean, only… he can’t. He seems to be at a loss for words. So Dean fills the silence for him, hitching his towel a little more securely around his shoulders as he does so, an edge of something like shame in his voice. “Don’t know why, exactly. But, uh. Yeah. I did. Downstairs. And it, well, freaked me out – surprise surprise,” he tacks on bitterly, looking down. “I thought you smelled it. Thought you’d…”
that even Cas couldn’t convince himself he was seeing things.
Absently, he puts his hand in his pocket, wanting to bring out the tags and examine them one last time for defects or misspellings before presenting them. He’d planned to do it this morning, once Dean had woken up, but things had not quite worked out that way. Instead, Dean had awoken from his much deserved rest in the wee hours of the morning, and comforted him, when it should have been the other way around.
So Sam just… keeps talking. It doesn’t mean that he’s done trying to draw Dean out of his shell. Far from it. He’d
can understand, his tension draining from him again at the contact. Not even Balthazar’s shit eating grin can make him regret putting Cas’s protective tendencies on display. He feels another little pull of dizziness, and leans into Cas’s touch to mask it.
The sadness that suffuses his master’s scent surprises him, and before he can stop himself he flicks his eyes up to meet Castiel’s, lingering long enough to notice details for the first time. They are blue, crinkled at the edges, and there is no malice there that he can see. Still, he only manages to hold eye contact for a second before he drops his gaze back down.
nights with a
Yellow-eyes had taken his omega-virginity trophy and then dumped Dean back at the auction center to be bought by someone with lower standards. And he had been. Over, and over, and over.
Even the
He suppresses a sigh. He wants to sit Dean down and explain
“You’re trembling,” Cas observes after a while, his voice sleep rough and slow.
Castiel opens his mouth to say he’s alright. There really isn’t anything to worry about, but the omega zeroes in on his hand like he’s been trained to pick out exactly what hurts in situations like these. Castiel lets him take his palm in his grip, turning it over and inspecting it with transparent worry. “What happened?”
He worries at his lip, looking up at her. Tries to ignore the towering figure of his master in the corner of his eye. It takes him a second to process her question, but he answers as soon as he does. “Some m-mealy stuff. Um. Mushy and b-brown.”
would have rolled over for anyone, would have lain down and taken beating after beating without a word of protest or pleading, would have fucked and sucked and done whatever they’d wanted. He’d have been
Castiel blinks. It takes him a second to understand the words, and in the meantime, Dean is staring down at the glass in his hand. His expression doesn’t match his tone – he’s nervous. It’s as though he’s waiting for Castiel to reprimand him, or perhaps to judge him. “I mean,” he adds, a little more hesitant, “obviously juice costs more than water. So there’s that. But you also want me to eat, and gain weight, I think, so the orange juice would have been better for that reason. So I wasn’t exactly sure.”
“I don’t think so.”
enough.
Dean’s jaw tightens. He looks away. There are any number of questions Dean could ask him now, each of which presents its own set of dangers. He resolves to be as honest as possible, but he’s terrified.
Sure enough, he can smell something sweet and heady coming from Dean’s general direction, now – something like vanilla and cinnamon baked apples. And there’s something a bit sharper, too, though no less enticing.
had been there to care for Sam.
“The back.” Bal sounds tired. “You know we’re sensitive back there, Cassie.”
The man raises an eyebrow. “I
Anyway... *ducks down out of the way of hurled bricks and shoes* I know this is a heavy chapter. I promise that things get better. Dean is in the process of denial, in a way, and he's sort of grasping at straws to hold on to a world that makes sense to him. He's blind to what's right in front of him, and Castiel has no idea how to handle someone that is this inherently suspicious. He's pretty trusting naturally because it has never occurred to him not to be, and he's never been in the sort of position where he HAS to be suspicious in order to be safe.
to have chemicals pumped into him, not like he asked to be fucked into the mattress they always chained him to while he was fading in and out of consciousness from heat sickness and dehydration. But he knows alphas don’t see it that way. He knows they will always blame him, will always punish him for being a slut or a whore or a tease.
glad that he hadn’t. But there’s still that lingering voice inside of him, the whispering little snake that tells him Alastair would never have let him go if he’d had the choice. That the man was not the type to let his toys out of his clutches, whatever the cost.
“Oh, here,” Dean had said sheepishly, taking off Castiel’s jacket when they’d finally pulled themselves apart. “Wouldn’t seem right if you met Sam without this thing.”
He believes her. He can’t say why.
who seems largely ignorant of what his fears will be, is surprised by this behavior. Makes him feel like a little less of a freak.
Stab.
ones, where Dean would sniff the air and send Sam to bed early with a tight jaw and stiff shoulders. When John was like that, he’d jump on any perceived slight or attitude, real or imagined. Would nail Dean to the wall with targeted, cruel
But Castiel’s face just softens. Gently, he takes the long, soft scarf out of Dean’s limp grip and tucks it around his neck, looping it loosely in the front. He holds his hands there for a moment, resting on Dean’s chest. Warm and heavy.
Dean cocks his head to the side. “Why?”
Dean just hums. He sighs happily when Castiel drapes an arm over his shoulders. Snagging the bowl of apples off the table, Castiel sets it on the cushions next to them, and Dean idly reaches down to snag a slice. He nibbles at the corner of it without much enthusiasm, but he
“In English,” Cas repeated, copying Dean’s tone, “It, ah. I suppose you could say that it keeps us… paired, for a longer period of time.”
When he trails off, not quite able to voice his hope, Cas squeezes his hand. Dean sighs. “What about mechanics? I… I wanted to fix cars,” he says, voice far too small and so quiet it’s almost pathetic. “Before. I thought – well, even after I presented. I figured that if I got good enough at it, someone would
He remembered the pulsing warmth of Dean’s soul, possibly the only warm thing in hell, calling to him like a beacon. He remembered his confusion upon entering the rack room, upon finding it empty, except for flecks of carnage all along the walls and torture instruments. He remembered, even now, the horrible realization that he had come too late. That Dean had been torn apart yet again. That the pink meat dripping down the walls, the faint energy in the air,
“That’s fine. We don’t gotta talk about it. Just know that we
“He left me there. For
if he thought he’d get to dump him like this and
“Would you… would it be helpful, I mean. If...” Cas starts and then stops, weirdly hesitant. It’s a sharp contrast from his
For a moment, he just grumpily fumbles around for his blanket, wondering why he’s curled up without even a sheet over him in his bed. When he finds it, he tugs it over his shoulders, and snuggles back into the mattress with a content sigh.
He can’t think of anything in the house he would deny him, but Dean doesn’t understand his motivations. And he isn’t in a place to, not yet.
was not mortifying in the slightest
“If you are tired, I want you to sleep.”
He feels no better when his stomach is empty, but when he manages to drag in a breath or two he realizes that Balthazar has been trying to get his attention for a while.
Dean stands in the doorway and stares at the books on the floor and resists the urge to kick them as hard as he can. Instead, he steps over them, swallowing. He can’t hide up here forever. He needs to get his shit together and start acting like he had been before he figured all this out. Castiel is going to get suspicious, if he hasn’t already, and even though Dean’s scared of what’s going to inevitably happen he
The alpha’s eyes land on him immediately, and he strides forward with purpose, zeroing in on Dean’s face. Holding his shoulders, Cas inspects this nose carefully, and Dean tries not to flush under his scrutiny. It’s hard with Alfie standing
He knows it’s Dean’s way of giving him permission to expose the parts of his life he’s most insecure and vulnerable about to the very person he wants to hide them from the most. The importance of this moment hits him all at once – Dean is trusting him with his
He has no idea how long his alpha has been crying – and, worse than that, he has no idea
Dean feels something hot in his chest. “Fuck him,” he spits, and Cas jerks his head and looks at him in surprise. “Fuck
of all things, when his brother is in the same
Castiel smiles. “I can take a hint. I’ll speak to you soon, Balthazar.”
he’s suddenly feeling the urgent need to return home, but he feels it nonetheless, and he’s well aware that Cas will humor him if he’s the slightest bit pushy. So... he pushes. In his hurry, he even goes so far as to stride toward the elevator instead of the stairs.
“Go sit down, Dean,” Castiel says, and he can see the way the omega’s shoulders draw together at the words – at the
done, after Dean had left? He’d been a mean bastard of a drunk, ten times worse than he’d
It turns out that it’s tea, which Dean would normally try and complain about. But the warmth of the cup in his hands and the soft, aeromatic steam rising from the little hole in the lid helps to calm him down more than he thought it would. He holds onto it like a lifeline. A tether to the earth.
He found himself feigning cluelessness more and more these days. It was easier to press closer, to watch Dean longer, to linger, when Dean thought he didn’t know any better.
He laughs, because his chest is full of bright, sunny things of its own, and Castiel’s smile just widens that much further.
