‘It was. It was utterly terrible. I’ve barely touched you, haven’t even kissed you.’ Sherlock sighed. ‘I forget, what it’s really like, outside the flat. Having to...’ he frowned and looked down the deserted platform. ‘Having to hide all the time.’
‘I’m good at managing the impossible.’ Sherlock was almost breathless as he pushed John down onto the bed and climbed on top of him, shoving John’s vest up to press his lips to John’s lightly furred chest. ‘
Sighing, Sherlock opened the new pack and picked out a cigarette, lighting it himself. ‘We’re never doing this again, good God,’ he muttered.
John sank down into the bath, dipping his head underneath the water and remaining submerged for nearly half a minute. He took a gasp as he resurfaced, his hands gripping the bath’s sides. He couldn’t get Sherlock out of his mind. Sighing, he took his crumpled box of cigarettes off the small wooden stool next to the bath and lit one with the lighter he’d bought himself last year in Oxford.
‘What’s taking them so long?’ Sherlock snapped, glowering at the group of policemen that had gathered at the entrance of the house. ‘If they took me to where it happened I could have it all neatly tied up for them in under five minutes, as could you, Mycroft--’
'More?' Sherlock's expression was entirely too smug. 'But we could be late and that would never do--'
‘What exactly are you going to do with this axe, should we get one?’ John asked, hand curled around his stick.
‘I’ll help you up, come on,’ John said gently, easing Sherlock into an upright position, grabbing his jacket that was now covered in dust. ‘Let’s get you standing.’
‘He played rugby for one of the Oxford colleges until a couple of years ago. I know you’ve continued with it whilst at university.’
‘I’ll see you this evening?’ John fastened the buttons of his brown suit jacket before combing his hair into place, checking his reflection in the mirror over the fireplace.
The dying light from outdoors cast the bookshelves that surrounded them into shadow. A breeze blew in again and a clock chimed once in the silence.
‘Ah yes, Frank with the glasses.’ Sherlock shook Mr. Turner’s hand and kissed the back of Mrs Turner’s, breathing in a huge lungful of smoke, releasing it steadily over his shoulder.
‘Hello, love. How’s everyone up at the big house?’ She held out her hand and John took it, sitting down on the stool next to her.
‘I hardly think you’ve got any sort of right to be dictating what is and what isn’t appropriate.’ Sherlock glared at his brother, his contempt plain to see. ‘Not based on your track record.’
‘Quite the bright young thing. He inherited a substantial gambling debt from his father and managed to pay it all off within a year of leaving university. Made a fortune in the gold mines in South Africa.’
‘I suppose I can’t hope you’ve left me the body?’ Sherlock ducked under the doorframe and made his way down the narrow staircase, flicking his torch on.
‘Hmm,’ Sherlock said. He began to walk again, John following. ‘I really ought to have come back home. We’re wandering round a provincial backwater with nothing to do when I could have had you on your back with your legs in the air--’
‘Ooh, what took you so long?’ Freddie whined when Moriarty entered the toilet block, closing and locking the door behind him with the copied key he’d had made. Freddie was in the end cubicle, bent over at the waist, head resting on the wooden wall between the stalls, two fingers inside himself and the other hand wrapped around his cock, both moving at a frantic pace.
‘There’s over 300,000 men on this beach, private, you’ll have to wait your turn. Just think yourself lucky you’re not wounded. I’ve been ordered to leave the wounded behind.’
‘Shh,’ John murmured, tilting Sherlock’s chin up, kissing him sweetly. ‘Pay them no mind. They can’t hurt you, not here, not whilst you have me.’
‘Thank you,’ John murmured, glancing at the woman before taking his hat out of his lap and placing it on the table next to Sherlock’s coat. She smiled, tucking the tray under her arm before going back behind the counter. ‘You’re quite right, let’s never do this again,’ John said, heaping sugar into their cups, sitting back to let the tea brew.
‘C’mere, bijou,’ the man murmured, pulling out a cigarette and slipping it between the sweet young thing’s lips. ‘You a dilly boy?’
Smiling, John shook his head. ‘You certainly don’t,’ he said as Sherlock returned to the table, taking a small triangular sandwich for himself, biting into it and moving round the kitchen in a quick solo foxtrot to the record he’d put on, one hand on his chest and the other holding his sandwich aloft as he twisted and turned, sashaying his hips.
John stepped back and opened the door a little wider. ‘You’d better. I’ll have the ARP warden round to give me a fine for the light if we carry on like this.’ He let Victor in and shut the door behind him. ‘It’s actually upstairs,’ John said, motioning. ‘But after you, I’ll only slow you down.’
John’s face twisted, as though Sherlock’s confession was something painful for him to hear. He bit and kissed at Sherlock’s neck and chest as his dominant hand struggled with Sherlock’s trouser buttons, eventually slipping them loose and curving his hand around the hot flesh trapped inside.
Around them, crockery and cutlery clanged and the sound of people talking coalesced into one low hum. The piano in the corner cut through the background noise, playing a pleasant enough melody.
‘John Watson?’ The Inspector who’d been interviewing everyone asked gruffly, meeting both John and Sherlock in the entrance hall.
The poppy on the table in the hospital café was a day past its best. It had wilted and one wide, red leaf had fallen onto the stark white tablecloth, where its delicate skin had shrivelled. Sherlock sat, straight-backed, staring at the door, his fingers gripping the handle of one of the teacups from the service that had been laid out.
‘Oh, actually, Mycroft’s invited me to dinner.’ John finished his bread and wiped his hand on his trousers, scattering the breadcrumbs all over the floor. ‘He’s got a millionaire friend he wants to show off.’
He sipped his long-cold tea before dropping his cigarette into the chipped, mint-green cup. It extinguished with a hiss. Sherlock blew on the ink to dry it and then folded the letter, stuffing it into an envelope. He composed a P.S. in his head.
‘Oh,’ Moriarty said, sitting back in his chair, blowing a lungful of smoke to one side. ‘A recent development?’
‘F-five,’ he sobbed, and he could feel his climax building, could feel that he was about to come, if only John kept up what he was doing and seven more, seven wasn’t a--
‘Yes, mum,’ John replied, closing the butter yellow back door behind himself, stepping into the kitchen. A jar of dark red jam was open on the wooden table, a spoon sticking out of it. John spread the jam thickly on a slice of bread that was under a cloth on the kitchen side with the back of the spoon and walked into the living room, where his mother lay on the chintz sofa, fanning herself. ‘Hello,’ John said around a mouthful of bread and jam.
Sherlock laughed darkly, coaxing John into a deep kiss. ‘You’re one of the very few who still haven’t run screaming.’
‘Oh, you always need a cigarette.’ John kissed Sherlock once more before sitting up and swinging his legs out of bed. He was in the middle of stretching his back out, one hand resting over the scar on his shoulder when Sherlock’s long arms wrapped around his waist and he was tugged back down, Sherlock straddling him.
Night had fallen across London. On the banks of the Serpentine, a slight figure stood with a cigarette handing out of his mouth, the top three buttons of his shirt undone.
‘No, most of them are far too ridiculous,’ Sherlock murmured, his eyes moving from side to side as he gestured into the air between him and John with his left hand, clearly attempting to separate and organise the facts in his head.
‘Hello,’ Sherlock replied, taking John’s hand in what could be mistaken for shaking it, rubbing his thumb over the soft inside of John’s wrist. ‘I’ve missed you,’ he whispered as Mrs Hudson stepped inside her flat and laughed gleefully, flipping the light on.
Sherlock gasped, taking in a deep, shuddering breath and nodded, feeling as though he was floating, his mind blissfully blank. John landed several quick, light smacks to the bottom of his arse and continued down the backs and insides of his thighs, then higher up on his arse and back down again, one after another after another, over and over, light and teasing, and oh, it made his skin
‘Mmm.’ Freddie inhaled deeply from his fag and pressed close, his lips against the man’s ear as he exhaled. ‘Take me into that carsey over there, though, and I’m your bitch for tonight.’ He sucked wickedly on the man’s earlobe, brushing a hand over his crotch. ‘Got a name?’
‘Sherlock, what are you doing?’ John murmured as Sherlock’s pale chest slowly revealed itself, his small, dark nipples a pleasing juxtaposition to his English rose skin. Sherlock threw his shirt to the ground and began to fumble with the buttons on his trousers, which he shoved down his legs. Straightening up, he stared at John, daring him to say something. John swallowed and remained silent, keeping his gaze locked with Sherlock’s.
‘Oh, John, look at you!’ Mrs Hudson pressed a kiss to his cheek and embraced him briefly, the familiar smell of her lavender perfume rubbing off on John’s shirt collar. She held him at arm’s length and looked him up and down. ‘Much better than when I saw you last,’ she said with a pleased nod, her blue felt hat dropping a couple of inches lower.
Victor’s eyes were kind. ‘I understand,’ he said, stepping forwards and offering his hand. ‘You’re a very good man, Doctor Watson.’
‘I’ve been busy.’ Sherlock glared before rolling onto his side, reaching down in the water all the way to his shoulder, his shirt sleeve sodden, clinging to his arm.
Sherlock pulled his jacket straight, using far more force than was necessary. ‘I meant what I said,’ he murmured, looking out of the window. ‘About you. I meant it, every word.’
The Tiffany lamp bathed their bedroom at 221b in its soft light as John ran his hand slowly through Sherlock’s curls that night, after a restless afternoon had been spent in the car and around the flat. Finally calm, Sherlock was curled up on John’s chest, his hand spread over John’s heart, his eyes closed.
‘I was invited. My mother and yours are in regular correspondence still. I often ask after you. I tried to get in touch just after Pauline was born, I wanted you to be her godfather, but--’
‘Sherlock!’ A slight figure pushed through the crowd leaving the adjacent hut and waved at him, smiling eagerly.
John’s right hand closed around Sherlock’s left on the ladder as he began to move with Sherlock, hips thrusting inexpertly. Whilst not being the innocent Sherlock was, John’s experience was limited to a few awkward fumbles in the rooms of Oxford colleges, as well as one best-forgotten night with a lad who worked at one of the city’s tea rooms during his first few weeks there. He gripped tightly onto Sherlock’s hand as his knees weakened from the sensation of being pressed so intimately against Sherlock, the same Sherlock who had seemed so distant and impossible earlier that day.
The wailing of a child forced John’s eyes open as the moan of the Stuka grew closer. A woman stood a few feet from him in the middle of the road, turning this way and that, unable to choose between the farmyard and the field. Her child cried from within its shawl, pressed tightly against its mother’s breast.
‘Get him down to Barts for me,’ Sherlock said to Lestrade, motioning towards the body as John removed his gloves and stood up. ‘I shall stay behind whilst he’s being transported, pick up whatever your lot have inevitably missed.’
Face hard, Sherlock breathed out heavily through his nose as he stepped down from the edge of the fountain, placing the flask on the ground as he pulled his trousers back on, then his shirt, leaving it unbuttoned, snapping the braces back on to his shoulders. He grabbed the flask and began to stride back up towards the house, sun-warmed grass sticking to his bare feet.
John moaned, the sound deep in his chest as he tugged Sherlock’s bow tie away from his throat and threw it to the thick carpet, pulling Sherlock’s collar away from his neck so as to bite down on it. He sucked hungrily at Sherlock’s creamy skin, pressing his hips tighter against Sherlock’s as he felt the violent shudder that unfurled from the base of Sherlock’s spine, like fire licking up his vertebrae.
to press insistently at his entrance. Apparently, he whimpered, too. John nibbled at one of Sherlock’s nipples, licking across it wetly before blowing on it, the sensation making Sherlock arch his back and press down against John’s fingers.
‘Oh God,’ John said, blinking and swallowing, stepping away from Sherlock. ‘Oh God, he... Sherlock he saw us, he saw me... with you and...’
‘Uh, yes, that’s me...’ John frowned, looking from Sherlock, whose face was equally confused, to Mycroft, standing by the telephone table, to the uniformed policemen and then the Inspector.
‘I want to hear you say it,’ John whispered, sucking a bruise onto the junction of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder, moving across to do the same at the top of his spine. ‘Go on, Sherlock.’
Mrs Holmes waved her hands, the light refracting off her rings. ‘Don’t you mind, Doctor Watson. You’re both here now and the staff have put lunch back until quarter past one, so you’ve still time for a drink.’ She cupped Sherlock’s face in her hands again and stood on tiptoe to kiss his forehead. ‘There’s my darling boy. I’ve missed you.’
Two loud crunches sounded, one immediately after the other. The walls of Woolworth’s bowed. The building collapsed in on itself and then exploded outwards, a roaring wall of noise screaming its way towards John, who watched, transfixed and useless, utterly helpless, as Sherlock’s body was thrown high into the air, back curved in a graceful arc for a moment that seemed suspended in time until his body landed, shrapnel raining down around it, in a heap where the road had once been.
Sherlock worked until the shift ended at eight and handed his machine to the young woman taking over from him, tucking his notebooks and pen in his blazer pocket. He left the hut, pulling his coat and hat on for the short walk back to the house.
At the sink, John scrubbed roughly at his hands with a reddish bar of carbolic soap, working the lather in between his fingers, under the beds of his nails and up his forearms. Once his hands were dry, he grabbed a tin bowl from under the sink and rinsed it out with water from the hot tap he still felt blessed to have. ‘What did you do, then?’ he asked Sherlock, pulling the curtains across the one window in the kitchen just to be safe before running the cold tap to fill the bowl.
‘I’m here, I’m here, oh thank God,’ John said, exhaling on a long sigh, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes. His chest heaved as he breathed, relieved, reaching a hand out to stroke Sherlock’s head, checking for any bleeding as he did so.
‘I... I thought I loved him, once.’ Sherlock made an unhappy face and sighed heavily, his next words coming in a rush. ‘We were at Oxford together, he’s the one Mycroft caught me with, he was my friend, my
‘How was your journey?’ John asked as they stepped onto Whitechapel road, shifting to one side to avoid the throng of people.
An hour later, John had established himself behind a makeshift bar, mixing cocktails for the residents of Baker Street with the contents of his and Sherlock’s drinks cabinet, as well as some other donated bottles. For his part, Sherlock had been bullied into fetching his violin from the flat and was accompanying the elderly pianist as they played for the people dancing (Mrs Hudson still included amongst their number).
Moriarty’s head oscillated from side to side as he adjusted, moving his hips slowly and stroking Freddie’s made-up face distractedly. Really, he couldn’t have chosen better. He began to set a punishing rhythm, one hand at Freddie’s hip to steady him, the other on his neck. ‘Touch yourself,’ he hissed. ‘Let me see you enjoy it.’
Giles Gilchrist was tall and slim with white blonde hair and watery blue eyes. Sherlock disliked him instantly just from peering at him from behind a pillar in the hallway, but Sherlock disliked most people instantly, especially if they had anything to do with Mycroft.
The dinner plates had been cleared away and Sherlock had just lit himself and John a cigarette when Lola came clattering downstairs, a letter clenched in her small fist.
‘Mmm,’ John replied, taking his hand away after another moment and concentrating on Sherlock’s backside, bending to lick and kiss and nibble as he stroked and pinched and squeezed at the same time.
, impaled on John’s fingers as he was, crying out, the sounds turning to whimpers as John wrung aftershocks out of him with his other hand, making him shiver, feeling everything with every last fibre of his being.
Sherlock ignored him, inhaling from his cigarette. ‘Didn’t even prove what I wanted to prove,’ he mumbled, tapping the ash off the end of his fag into a saucer on the side of the bath.
John’s eyes snapped to Mycroft’s. ‘He does?’ He looked away, embarrassed at his eagerness. ‘I rather thought he’d made avoiding me his life’s work of late.’
‘Victor,’ Sherlock replied, paling somewhat. He didn’t smile back but walked over and offered his hand.
'Sorry, Mr. Holmes,' Verity said quietly, glancing back up at him. 'Would you like to come in? There's a machine free, rather more people took leave than the boss expected...'
Victor smiled, his perfect teeth showing briefly under his neat moustache. ‘Tell him I’m sorry, won’t you? I think we both know an envelope with my handwriting on it will end up in the fire.’
‘You really like the uniform?’ Sherlock mumbled into John’s shoulder, the bridge of his nose and his cheeks still pink.
‘God, Sherlock, you’re...’ John gasped and arched his back, maneuvering Sherlock by his waist, seeking the best angle for them both. ‘This still feels as though...’ He pulled back and pushed in again, the snap of his hips sharp. ‘I’m still not quite used to it again,’ he said breathlessly, crying out when Sherlock rested his feet flat on the bed and raised his hips off the mattress, allowing John to slide a couple of inches deeper.
‘No you don’t.’ John rested his right hand on the curve of Sherlock’s backside and shifted his head closer to Sherlock’s on the pillow they were sharing. ‘You enjoy telling people that you’re mad, just to see what they’ll do.’
Sherlock looked around guiltily at the logs ready to burn in the grate, his high-end cigarettes on the bedside table, the fine tweed coat hanging on the back of the door. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘I would have done anything...
Sherlock walked slowly towards John in the half-light, grey jacket slung over his shoulder, only his shirt and an old mauve pullover a barrier between his skin and the slight chill. A cigarette dangled from his fingers and he inhaled from it leisurely as he carried on walking down the street, sidestepping children and a dog and a line of brown and green bottles lined up along the pavement.
‘Mycroft was his usual self. Sherlock...’ John looked out of the window, where a wing of the big house was just visible. ‘Sherlock was as... as brilliant and puzzling as ever.’
‘The Nazis invaded Poland, my ribs will heal in six to eight weeks and Doctor Watson is unharmed and has remained at the scene to help.’
‘Night, Sherlock!’ Moriarty called as Sherlock began to walk up the stairs, attracting a few bemused looks from their colleagues who were on their way to dinner. ‘It was nice talking with you!’
Sherlock turned to appeal to his brother, his grip tightening on John’s arm, who was himself arguing with the Inspector.
‘Hardly as difficult as I could make yours,’ Mycroft said smoothly, glancing behind Sherlock at John.
Sherlock beamed and pulled his mother into a tight hug. ‘I’ve missed you too, Mummy,’ he murmured, smiling at John over the top of her head.
John removed his cap and brushed his hair back into place with the palm of his hand. ‘Should we sit down?’
‘Isn’t it just?’ Sherlock improvised the tune with a few ‘las’ and ‘das’ as John unlocked the door to their flat and they stepped inside. ‘Let’s go up to the roof. You still owe me that dance.’
‘I can’t believe it’s been as long as it has, old boy,’ Victor said, grasping Sherlock’s hand in both of his.
‘No. Have there been any raids in the area recently?’ Sherlock swooped to crouch down next the the board game, peering intently at the counters. He lifted up one half of the board itself and raised his eyebrows.
‘Your left thumb. Are those your girls?’ Sherlock nodded towards where two children with long ginger curls ran around with the others.
. Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he tipped his head back, his breath leaving him in one short exhale. ‘
‘You’ll live without it,’ John replied, stroking Sherlock’s upper arm. ‘Get yourself to hospital and get examined properly. I love you,’ he whispered.
John took the silver cigarette case and lighter from Sherlock in an easy, practised motion. He lit a cigarette for Sherlock and handed it back to him, placing the case and lighter on a side table. ‘This could end up a right mess, Sherlock,’ John said quietly. ‘You don’t read the papers, but I do, and I can tell you that people want nothing to do with the likes of me and you at the moment.’
‘You’re beyond hope, you really are.’ John took his pyjama bottoms off, smiled and bent to press his lips to Sherlock’s neck, breathing in tobacco and stale smoke and tannin as he lined himself up and breached Sherlock’s body. He swallowed Sherlock’s gasps and the quiet moan he made with another kiss.
Sherlock sank back into their shared pillow, drawing one knee up to his chest, gazing at John with amused, sleepy eyes. ‘Go on,’ he said. ‘Give me a good seeing to and I promise I’ll be on my best behaviour today.’
‘It’s rather late for all of that, don’t you think?’ John straightened his back and widened his stance, easing the pressure on his leg. Victor’s gaze dropped to the floor.
John nodded, his eyes closed tightly as he bit down on the knuckle of his left index finger, his other hand stroking feverishly at Sherlock's hair and neck and collarbone. 'More,' he gasped, arching up into Sherlock's touch.
‘I-- I’m looking for an S Holmes,’ Nettle said. ‘Sarah, maybe, or...’ He trailed off at the look on the man’s face. There was silence between them for a long moment.
Harry’s hands shook against John’s sides and she grabbed his pullover, as though to steady herself. ‘I feel such a fool, Johnny,’ she whispered, wiping her eyes on his shoulder.
‘Ah, yes.’ John rolled the paper tightly and licked the edge, folding it down to seal it. He lit the cigarette with the lighter in his own pocket before handing it to Sherlock. ‘I heard about your run-in with the dog.’
John laughed softly and moved up to kiss Sherlock’s neck again, sucking and biting hard, clearly determined to make a mark, because oh, oh, was that going to mark, and it --
Sherlock remained silent, pouring himself a fresh glass of the sweet, sticky drink his mother had had prepared.
John groaned deeply, beginning to walk backwards even as he captured Sherlock’s lips again, biting and sucking frantically. Sherlock unbuttoned John’s shirt as they staggered through the kitchen to the bedroom, untucking John’s vest from the waistband of his trousers.
A young man opened the door. He had deep purple bags under bloodshot eyes and miles of pale skin on show. His eyes flicked up and down Nettle, from head to toe. He said nothing.
‘Sherlock?’ He moved towards the familiar noise, taking his jacket off and beating the smoke back with it, squinting down at the ground.
‘You know exactly what I mean, don’t give me that,’ John replied. ‘No picking fights with your brother or your mother or the children, or the help, or anyone else who happens to be there.’
‘Don’t be stupid,’ John said, pulling his sister into a tight hug, cupping the back of her head protectively. ‘I’m here, don’t you worry.’
John ate another bite of bread and jam. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘Yes, chalk and cheese, practically.’ The fly continued to buzz around the daisies, the sound erratic. ‘They’ve got their cousins staying with them, haven’t they?’
‘Yes, well Bletchley hasn’t had eighteen thousand tons of bombs dropped on it,’ Sherlock replied, squinting at a bottle in the window of the chemist’s. ‘Although I must say that would probably improve the look of the Park,’ he added in a mutter. ‘It’s positively frightful, I wish I could take you to see it.’
‘Wouldn’t you like to know?’ Sherlock winked and tapped his nose with his forefinger, his movements big and clumsy, before he hauled John out of his seat.
‘Love the bow tie.’ Gilchrist winked at Mycroft, who shook his head and sipped his cocktail, staring out of the window. Sherlock stood awkwardly for a moment before Gilchrist gestured him over to the drinks cabinet, looking far more at home than Sherlock had ever felt in their house before. ‘Let me make you something frightfully decadent, Sherlock old boy, you’ll love it.’
‘Fuck,’ John growled, yanking Sherlock’s wrists up and shoving them against the headboard, using his free hand to grab the cuffs and the length of rope they used on such occasions as this. He strapped the black leather cuffs tightly around Sherlock’s wrists and threaded the rope through the D-rings on them before lashing Sherlock to the bed with an intricate combination of knots he’d learnt in Scouts as a boy. ‘Tight enough?’ he asked Sherlock, who nodded, his throat dry. ‘Good,’ John said, running his hands lightly down from Sherlock’s  fingertips, arms, then his sides and down his legs, moving backwards as he went. ‘Lovely,’ he murmured, pressing several little kisses to Sherlock’s inner thighs. ‘Good boy.’
‘John!’ Sherlock exclaimed, his voice a deep cry. He gasped and panted, still pushing back insistently onto John as he rode out his own climax, his left hand gripping tight onto the headboard. ‘Oh,’ he moaned, sliding his knees back and pushing them outwards until he rested on his stomach on top of the tangled mess of sheets.
John lifted both eyebrows and bent down to pick Nancy up, holding her close. ‘Bit of a mess, isn’t it?’
‘Never thought we’d get as civilised as afternoon tea in a quaint little town outside London,’ John said with a wry smile, hanging his coat on the back of his chair as Sherlock removed his own coat and threw it across the table next to them along with his hat before he sat down, crossing one leg over the other.
‘In a moment I will,’ John replied, smiling and lifting his glass to her. He wore his usual trousers and braces, his shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbows and tie knotted loosely at his throat.
‘Oh, you’re exactly like your brother described, it’s utterly hilarious. He talks about you so much I feel as if I’ve known you all my life and heard sullenness like that from you thousands of times already. You’re a real character.’
‘Mm. Glad to hear it,’ John murmured, leaning in close and kissing Sherlock as gently as he could. Sherlock lifted one hand out of the bowl of saltwater and gripped John’s bicep through the thick towelling of John’s dressing gown. He sighed, stroking his hand up and down John’s arm as he deepened the kiss. He paid his injuries no mind as he brushed his tongue against John’s, tipping his head backwards when one of John’s hands fisted in his hair.
Sorry this has taken so long! One chapter to go. Quick warning for anti-French and anti-German sentiment from a minor character.
‘That’s it, that’s it, good boy,’ John whispered, reaching underneath Sherlock and giving his dripping cock several firm strokes. ‘You get a dozen more, as hard as I can give them,’ he said. ‘Ready?’
‘After the Easter vac in our third year he left a note in my room saying he was engaged and... oh, what does it matter, there’s no use in going over it again, it was years ago, John, I...’ Sherlock shook his head. ‘Mycroft took the opportunity to point out the fact that Victor-’ he almost spat the name, ‘-had managed to overcome his
John raised his eyebrows and turned it over, tearing the seal at the back. ‘How are you feeling?’ he asked Sherlock as he unfolded the letter, who was now sitting at the kitchen table with a crossword. John ended up not hearing a word of Sherlock’s reply.
Victor looked around. ‘You can’t still be angry,’ he murmured, stepping closer to Sherlock, touching his arm. ‘Surely you understand.’
‘Take my hand!’ John roared, holding his hand out to the woman, who only shook her head, sobbing, stroking her child’s hair with an incredible gentleness. She whispered to the boy quietly in French. She wouldn’t move.
‘Yes, but the sandbags do smell so awful,’ Sherlock replied as John’s money was exchanged for a ticket each, spinning on his heel and leading the way to the platform for the eastbound Metropolitan and District line.
Sherlock took another drag on his cigarette as he watched Harry make her faltering way towards the bathroom. He stood up, his face twitching at a sudden flash of pain from his ribs.
‘No, not...’ John laughed and let Sherlock’s shirt fall, the cotton hanging over his wrist. ‘Not for that. Just.. come and sleep.’
‘As us, yes. Got drunk one night eight years ago and went with the man she now calls her husband for “a lark,” as she put it at the time. Ended up in the family way and didn’t find out before it was too late to... do anything about it. He insisted on marrying her when he found out and, well, they lived unhappily ever after.’
Sherlock turned the lamp off and turned his head to brush a kiss against John’s temple. In the darkness, John smiled, the steady beat of Sherlock’s pulse against his fingertips and the sound of Sherlock breathing next to him easing him off to sleep.
In the event, John telephoned the hospital and excused himself from work that day, returning to the flat in order to mither over the letter, the dead boy, the whole rotten business. Not for the first time, he found himself wishing it were eight, nine, ten years ago and Sherlock had some other work that wasn’t murder and misery to occupy his time. John always felt a hot twist of guilt and shame whenever those thoughts intruded. They’d been so very unhappy, being forced apart from each other, but in a way, in many ways, even, things had been easier. No-one was bothered about an unconventional living arrangement when they were preoccupied with bombs raining down around them day after day. The blackout had made it easier to hide, to be discreet. People had been so wrapped up in their own lives and the enormous and ever-mounting costs of war that there simply never was the time nor the space to concern oneself with whether Dr. Watson and Mr. Holmes were simply good friends or whether they really were
John chuckled. ‘Yes, I’ll tell him. I don’t know how much good it will do, but I will.’ He smiled. ‘You take care of your wife and your little ones. They’re lovely, your girls.’
‘Shh, shh,’ John murmured, rubbing over where his palm had just landed, soothing the sting. He kissed Sherlock’s shoulder blade, grazed the skin gently with his teeth. ‘Lie down now, settle, come on, that’s it, good boy,
‘How’s your pain?’ John asked late the next morning as he helped Sherlock, who had spent the night asleep upright on Mrs Hudson’s sofa, up the stairs to 221b.
The man nodded again, taking a shuddering breath inwards. Nettle noticed his milky-white forearms were bruised with a collection of marks ranging from deep purple to pale yellow.
‘No, you’re right, he’s probably telling the prime minister what to do on the telephone every night, secretly running the country.’
'Bloody hell, Sherlock--' John arched his back, fingers clutching at Sherlock's sleep-ruffled curls. 'Oh, stop it, that's not fair --
‘Sherlock, they could hardly fly you in from Bletchley,’ John said with a brief roll of his eyes, following Sherlock out onto the main road.
‘Beautiful,’ John murmured, stroking Sherlock’s face with the back of his hand, kissing him again, harder this time. Sherlock started to come back to himself, his senses and mental functions returning to their usual state. He sighed breathily and grinned up at John, who leant down for another, slightly more insistent kiss. ‘So fucking gorgeous, Sherlock, Christ, I...’
‘Oh, for God’s sake, let me in,’ Sherlock hissed, lifting his head to look up at John. The light from the streetlamp threw his features into shadow, his hat concealing much of his face as it was.
'Stop it,' John said firmly, kissing Sherlock again. 'Don't get yourself worked up over nothing, I knew, I always knew, even though you never said it. It doesn't matter now, alright? It doesn't matter.'
‘His figure is athletic and I can tell from his ears and the way he holds his drink that he plays rugby and cricket. He’s also a good hurdler and not too bad at the long jump. He went to Oxford, his father was a rotten gambler who’s now dead and his underwear’s a size too small and twisted up into his bum.’
The marigolds in the window box outside bobbed in the early evening breeze. Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s side, just below his underarm, and closed his eyes. ‘Doesn’t make it any less unfair,’ he murmured, breathing in John’s scent from his skin.
‘Shut up and get dressed. Harry’s here with the children.’ John turned on his heel and quickly left the room, shutting the door firmly. By the time Harry and the children had made it upstairs, John was rinsing the old leaves out of the teapot.
‘Perhaps I’d like to take my time with you, now I can,’ John replied, smirking even as he began to move with Sherlock, wrapping his hand around Sherlock’s length.
‘I didn’t know where else to go, I’m sorry I didn’t call ahead, but it was all a bit last minute, see, and...’
‘Oh, I can tell you now that he certainly does,’ Sherlock said, eyes widening. ‘And that out of the two of us, he’s far less forgiving than I am.’
John frowned minutely. It wasn’t like Mycroft to have not deduced everything about the situation with barely more than a passing glance at Sherlock. ‘He fell in the fountain,’ John replied. ‘Well. Jumped in.’
‘No, that was very much worth any telling-off from your mother we’re sure to get. And any raised eyebrow and exhalation of breath from Mycroft and any righteous indignation from little Mary.’
‘You really don’t understand, do you?’ Sherlock frowned, shaking his head, and put his hand on the doorknob. ‘Leave,’ he said. ‘And I’m sure one of your superiors wouldn’t be happy if I told them you’re wasting government resources on having your sodomite brother followed about. There is a war on, after all.’ He opened the door onto the deep darkness of the blacked-out street. ‘Leave me alone.’
!’ Mrs Hudson exclaimed when the two of them re-appeared outside, having washed, re-dressed and combed their hair.  ‘How on earth did you manage to sneak past me? You naughty thing, come here, come here.’ She stood and stretched to kiss him wetly on the cheek, wrapping her arms around his middle. Sherlock smiled indulgently, eyes widening when he smelt the alcohol on her breath.
‘Go back to Barts and make sure I’ll have access to that body. And let the girl know I’ll be up to interview her this afternoon.’ He jumped halfway up the rickety staircase. ‘Come along, John!’
John groaned wordlessly against Sherlock’s throat and pushed one finger inside, quickly following with the second.
'John,' Sherlock breathed, turning his head, trying to catch John's lips with his. After a moment he succeeded, sliding his tongue against John's, bringing one hand to grasp the back of John's neck, fingers clenching and releasing feverishly. 'Please, I...'
‘Hello,’ she whispered, her Scottish accent noticeable even from the short word. John kissed her forehead and pinched Colin’s cheek after putting her down, ruffling his hair.
‘John, more, more,’ Sherlock begged, his fingers and toes flexing and unflexing as he thrust as best he could against the mattress.
‘Welcome home,’ John said, gently scratching the hair at Sherlock’s nape.  He smiled against Sherlock’s skin, his nose pressed into Sherlock’s cheek. ‘I’ll put the kettle on, shall I?’
in bed. High on sensation as he was, Sherlock was unable to process anything other than that, and at John’s ‘
‘Sherlock died on the fifteenth of November, 1940. He was twenty-five. For some time, I thought him to be just another victim of the Blitz, in the wrong place at the wrong time. That was until the results of the examination I’d ordered on his body came back. He died of an overdose of injected morphine in his flat. A bomb fell on the house before anyone could find him and they dragged his body out from under a piano amongst the rubble a few days later. I never did tell Mummy.’
Sherlock lifted one eyebrow and fiddled with the cufflinks from John as he moved to sit in the window seat, watching the path where John would soon appear, the note he’d scribbled out frantically seeming to weigh a ton in his jacket pocket. He rested his hand over where he knew it to be, his heart racing as he blocked out the sound of Mycroft and Gilchrist talking whilst Gilchrist did something no doubt abominable to crushed ice.
‘I do suppose it helps that his father didn’t die whilst he was young, as was the case with you and Doctor Watson--’
Sherlock followed John to the kitchen, moving awkwardly. He was in a loose shirt and braces, buttons undone nearly to his chest, sleeves rolled up to his elbow. His brown trousers were worn and the battered pair of boots on his feet were a world away from the usual perfectly-polished shoes Sherlock wore. A few dark bruises were scattered across his skin, looking worse than they probably were underneath the harsh kitchen light.
‘Whoever it is, get rid of them, and sharpish,’ Sherlock grumbled. ‘I’m going to get naked and you’d better not be long about joining me!’ he called as John walked down the stairs, just in time for another round of banging at the door.
John folded the letter and tucked it inside the breast pocket of his uniform. His shoulder twinged, the pain of it sending him sick and dizzy. He couldn’t let on, though. He couldn’t let on he was injured. He’d be left behind, then where would he be? On a fucking beach in France with a lump of shrapnel embedded in his shoulder, left to rot. It would be fixed as soon as he was back home. Everything would be alright.
‘I’m sorry they hurt you,’ John said. The mattress creaked as he shifted lower on the bed until he was face to face with Sherlock, both of them sharing the same pillow, as usual. He took Sherlock’s hands in his and kissed Sherlock’s downturned mouth. ‘I love you.’
‘Good God,’ John murmured after stepping into the toilet and taking in the tableau of Frederick Harper, nineteen, pretty blue eyes blank and unseeing, legs bare and spread wide, throat purple with bruising.
Victor walked upstairs at a sedate pace, waiting for John to gesture into the flat before he went inside.
by Dylan Thomas. I struggle for time to reply to comments individually these days but please do know that I appreciate and am very thankful for your responses to my writing. <3
‘Jim,’ he said with a giggle, moving his arse to stimulate Moriarty’s cock, tucked between Freddie’s bare thighs.
that John would be keeping his wrist loose so that it would be harder, quicker, that much more painful. Sherlock gasped and whimpered again but managed to keep relatively still, his fingers grasping at the bars of the headboard as he began to rock back into John’s blows.
‘No you couldn’t. You’d get bored.’ Sherlock licked his index finger and turned the page of the dusty book he was reading.
The wind blew fiercely against the bedroom window. The Tiffany lamp’s gentle glow threw most of the room into shadow and softened both of their features, giving the illusion of a shared, secret world within the flat.
John thought back to what had transpired at the fountain, to Sherlock’s pale skin, the moles on his back, the way his underwear had clung to his body. His deep voice, his plump lips, his strange, beautiful eyes.
news that the public should have any interest in. News is the Soviets being up to something, or a nice murder,
, the sound long and broken, most of his usual mental capabilities long gone. ‘John!’ he cried, his cock twitching against his stomach as John thrust his fingers in and out, twisting and curling against his prostate again and again and
‘Doctor Watson, you owe me a dance,’ Sherlock slurred, his hands resting on the back of John’s chair as he leant down to speak in John’s ear.
After dinner together and getting through a bottle of wine each, Sherlock and John had returned to the flat and promptly threw themselves at one another. John had grabbed hold of Sherlock's arse and pulled their hips together and
‘Ten bob then,’ the man said, narrowing his eyes. Moriarty reached into his back pocket and drew out a ten shilling note, slipping it into the man’s hand.
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock muttered, striding past Alice down the corridor towards the large drawing room that led out onto the garden. John followed close behind him, stick clicking on the parquet flooring.
‘Good boy,’ Moriarty grunted, hips moving in short, aggressive thrusts. ‘Perfect little bitch, perfect, perfect...’ His hand at Freddie’s neck moved so that his fingers were wrapped around the boy’s throat, obscuring the delicate, freckled skin. Freddie moaned and bent down to beg a kiss, lips slack and wet with saliva. ‘That’s right,’ Moriarty whispered as he licked his way into Freddie’s mouth. He tightened his grip. Freddie continued the kiss for a few seconds, but then began to squirm, panicked.
Both John and Sherlock turned their heads at the soft, lilting voice shaping itself around Sherlock’s name. The dark-haired man John had noticed come in a moment ago smiled widely and walked over to their table. He was immaculate in a well-cut three-piece suit, a whimsically patterned tie knotted at his throat, hat to match his clothes tucked under his arm.
‘Yes.’ John cleared his throat and dropped his voice after catching the young woman’s eye. ‘Keep your voice down.’
They both smiled giddily at each another as they caught their breath. A breeze swept in through the thin window, cooling the sweat on their skin.
Sherlock’s shoulders began to shake and soon both of them were laughing quietly together on the bench. ‘What’s the time?’ John asked as his giggles died down. Sherlock got his torch out of his pocket and turned it on for a second, looking out of his watch before clicking it off again.
Their hands dropped as the clock next to them struck half past nine. Victor looked at it and then at John. ‘It really wouldn’t do much good, would it?’ he murmured, resigned.
Groaning in frustration, Sherlock threw the box of matches at the wall, covering his face with his hands. It was all so very difficult.
‘Turning into a strapping lad, aren’t you, Colin?’ he said. Colin looked at the floor and mumbled something, folding his coat over one arm.
‘What for?’ Sherlock remained facing forwards, his sodden hair curling at the tips. His voice was dismissive.
‘Yes,’ he said hoarsely, adam’s apple bobbing up and down as he did so. ‘Yes, I want it, I want you.’
‘Bed,’ Sherlock said, pushing one of John’s braces off his shoulders, spidery hands suddenly everywhere. ‘Take me to bed.’
‘Yes, they’re opening up for us,’ he said, straightening his hat as Sherlock pulled his gloves on again.
Sherlock stuck his tongue out at her and breathed in a lungful of smoke. ‘Two sugars. Lots of milk.’
It was a Saturday morning and the street was filled with people going in and out of the shops that lined the main road. A tram whirred past as John and Sherlock crossed the road, Sherlock leading.
A red bus rounded the corner just as John bent to take one of the larger cases inside, rolling his shirt sleeves to his elbow and bracing his weight on his good leg, grasping the handle.
‘No need for cheek, young man.’ Mrs Hudson fixed him with an admonishing look. ‘Now come in and rest until Doctor Watson gets back; I’ll make you something to eat.’
‘Half past six,’ John agreed, turning his back on Mycroft and walking out of the house, back down the path that led to the far more humble cottage he and his mother shared.
‘I fucking saw that,’ Nettle hissed. ‘Frog cunt. He won’t be fucking laughing when Hitler and his mates bomb the shit out of his fucking farm again.’
‘Oh, just seeing Sherlock with someone.’ Moriarty smiled again and shook his head as though the very notion was utterly puzzling. ‘Mind if I cadge a fag, Sherlock?’ he asked, even as his hand slipped into the open pack on the table and took one out, placing it in the corner of his mouth. ‘Got a light?’
‘Well, I was in a hospital bed with a hole in my shoulder when you saw me last,’ John said, kissing Mrs Hudson’s cheek as she’d kissed his. ‘It’s lovely to see you.’
‘He is, yes,’ Sherlock answered, stepping out of the bedroom, busy tying the sash on his plaid dressing gown. ‘And keen to know why you’ve come all the way down from bonny Scotland to bother... oh.’
‘Remember, wooden handle, single bit, straighter edge than usual,’ Sherlock said as they reached the main stretch of shops again. ‘Couldn’t be anything else from the bloodstain on that beam back there and the damage on the underside of the board game.’ He grinned, eyes alight with the thrill of the game being on again. ‘Hopefully one will still be in stock, the axe was definitely new, but I heard on the train here that some people were going to Woolworth’s to queue for saucepans - can you imagine?’ Sherlock muttered as they walked.
‘I insist.’ Mycroft smiled his smile that wasn’t really a smile at all, just the slightest hint of gritted teeth behind stretched lips.
John slipped under the covers next to Sherlock just as the clock downstairs began to strike for midnight. Sherlock kissed him softly and shuffled closer.
Mycroft’s eyes, when Sherlock opened his and met them over John’s shoulder, were very cold, and very far away.
Mrs Watson nodded. ‘Those poor boys don’t know whether they’re coming or going. And that sister of theirs can be ever so unkind to them, you know, but she’s upset, too, and...’
John nodded, resting his hands on Sherlock’s waist, rubbing their noses together. ‘I know. I want you too. But there’s no time,’ he said, biting down on Sherlock’s full lower lip.
John moaned, the sound broken, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s before wrapping his fingers around Sherlock’s length once again. He looked exactly as John had imagined just a few hours ago; flushed and wanton and so desperately
Midnight blue ink flowed from Sherlock’s pen as he sat straight backed at the kitchen table of 221b. Ash dropped from the cigarette hanging carelessly out of his mouth onto the paper beneath his hands.
‘I acted thinking I was protecting him from certain ruin, but all I achieved in the end was effectively killing the one person I imagine could have been his saviour.’
was coming and oh, three more, hard, one, two three, and then, and then, had he stopped? Why had he stopped? Sherlock didn’t want --
Another tap. John groaned and swung his legs out of bed, pulling the curtains away from the window to peer down at the street below. Another small pebble hit the glass, having flown from a familiar figure’s hand. John opened the window.
‘No, the picture of maturity,’ Mycroft hissed into Sherlock’s ear as he made his way to the bottom of the stairs, the thunderous footfalls of the twins signalling their arrival.
Sherlock squeezed John’s thigh and put the cup and saucer in the sink. He sat back and closed his eyes again, tracing patterns on John’s leg with his finger for a quiet moment.
‘Shh, shh,’ John murmured, kissing Sherlock’s jaw and neck, slowly scissoring his fingers, rubbing Sherlock’s waist with his other hand, up and down, soothing.
, Sherlock, wanted to get my hands on you all evening, those fucking jeans, Jesus Christ, it should be illegal to make jeans that tight, you know that? More spit,’ he ordered, pressing his thumb to the underside of Sherlock’s chin and biting his earlobe, eliciting a groan that Sherlock felt begin deep in his chest. ‘Fuck, you’re beautiful,’ John murmured, pinching Sherlock’s nipple through the dark purple shirt that he hadn’t been allowed to take off yet. Biting down hard on his lip, Sherlock frowned, his eyes closed as he tried to keep hold of himself, tried to think, tried to stop being a slave to sensation. Of course, John’s fingers in his mouth and John’s other hand roughly palming his cock and John’s teeth on his neck, oh
Sherlock took the cigarette and inhaled, holding it between his lips as he rolled his trouser leg up. ‘Bite’s only just healed,’ he said quietly, gesturing to the patches of skin that were slightly reddened, in the shape of the bite pattern of a small dog.
Nettle pushed the envelope across to Sherlock, who had tears rolling in a long, unbroken stream down his face.
‘Please.’ Sherlock threw the cigarettes to John, who caught them and lit one for himself, taking in a huge lungful of smoke.
‘I’m not a child,’ Sherlock muttered, his arms folded across his chest, legs spread out along the window seat.
Nodding, Victor fiddled with his hat. Some rain dripped off him onto the carpet, next to a burnt patch where Sherlock had had a mishap with some toenails and a bunsen burner and some sort of noxious gas. ‘I didn’t realise I had done. Not until... not until Sunday.’
Sherlock swayed on his feet when their lips met. He lifted his hand to John’s chest and plucked at his shirt, a whimper escaping his throat. He staggered backwards, pulling John into his bedroom, through the kitchen, falling onto his back on the bed, wrapping his arm around John’s neck and holding him close.
Bumblebees hovered around the wildflowers that grew at the edges of the path, their shadows growing long as the sun began to set.
Sherlock stood with a groan, holding the damp cloth to his eye still. John untucked Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers and lifted it, examining the bruises on Sherlock’s pale skin.
No. No, Sherlock didn’t want to feel like this, he wanted to have all of his mental faculties in order and he certainly didn’t want to be moaning and swaying into John, resting his hands -damp and trembling slightly - on John’s shoulders for purchase. But... but he really
He parted his hair on the side as he always did, sighing as it curled and flicked out. It was utterly hopeless. He combed the rest of it quickly and left it to do whatever it would undoubtedly do anyway, with or without his input. Peering into the mirror, Sherlock growled in the back of his neck at the sight of a small cluster of white-headed pimples on his forehead, just slightly to the left of where his hair usually fell. He looked young, far too young, with his razor nicks and scattered spots and his awkward, overlarge limbs.
‘It appears Wing Commander Trevor has managed to overcome his... inversion,’ Mycroft said quietly, lifting one eyebrow at Sherlock.
‘We miss him very much at home,’ Frank’s mother said, her east end accent thick. ‘Still, he’s very happy here,’ she added, clearly taking great care to pronounce the letter ‘h’.
‘Time was you were inseparable.’ She squeezed John’s hand. ‘Still. You’re both very different, aren’t you?’
‘All that time inside and you’ve been fine. You’ve been fine and safe and comfortable here and I...’
John touched Sherlock’s leg, his warm hand wrapping around Sherlock’s thin calf. Sherlock’s breath hitched and he coughed as he expelled his lungful of smoke.
Molly pulled a list from the pocket of her skirt. ‘Ah... Mrs Green, Mrs Taylor, Mr. Alpert, Mrs Rosen, Miss Foley, Mr. O’Doyle, Miss Popper, Mr. Baker.’
‘John!’ Sherlock shouted from the front door, ‘John, I can tell this is going to be a good one, come on.’
Sherlock moaned at the sensation, the sound guttural, primal. He dropped his head back, hands fisted in the sheets underneath him, moaning again when John’s teeth grazed over his throat in a slow line upwards.
John sank down to lie half on the mattress and half over Sherlock, kissing the back of Sherlock’s neck, the taste of salt coming away on his lips. ‘That was quite something,’ he said quietly, nudging Sherlock’s damp curls away from his nape with the tip of his nose, one protective hand on Sherlock’s waist.
‘Oh, Sherlock, you silly thing!’ Mrs Hudson exclaimed, pressing her hand to her mouth as she giggled. ‘Sit down, sit down, come on, we don’t want you choking.’ Sherlock kissed the top of her head again and took his seat, sipping his tea.
‘Yes, which will turn into Easter-just-stay-for-the-game-of-cricket and Easter dinner and Easter drinks and Easter-oh-why-don’t-you-just-stay-the-night and Easter-Easter Monday at church and Easter-very-much-not-spending-my-leave-in-bed-with-you.’
‘Find us a seat,’ Sherlock murmured, nodding in the direction of the empty chairs and tables towards the back of the tea room, away from the windows.
was put on the record player, Sherlock and John, and everybody else, were considerably drunker than they had been earlier in the night. The children, for the most part, were asleep in people’s laps, but the majority of the residents of Baker Street remained outside, dancing in the half-light from the moon and the bonfire.
‘Turn around,’ Moriarty growled, scratching his nails down the back of Freddie’s thigh. Freddie straightened up and turned around, leaning against the cubicle wall. He panted for breath, tugging Moriarty closer by his belt. ‘Out of your trousers,’ Moriarty said, unbuttoning his own slacks and pulling his cock out, biting at Freddie’s long, pale neck. Whimpering, Freddie obeyed, yelping in surprise and delight when Moriarty lifted him up and pinned him against the wooden wall.
‘No. No, I don’t imagine they are.’ Sherlock smiled at John and began to tap his knee in time with the beat of the song being played.
‘I don’t think anyone’s bothered, my dear,’ John said quietly, brave enough to brush Sherlock’s knee as he reached for a crab paste sandwich.
‘How’s here for tea?’ Sherlock asked at about five, gesturing towards the door of the tea room he and John were next to. I can tell your leg’s had enough with you today.’
Frantically, Sherlock began to rut against John, throwing one arm to the side so that his fingers could curl around one of the rungs of the book ladder, his other hand gripping John’s shoulder. He rested a foot on another ladder rung for better leverage as he moved, face reddening, sweat beading at his temples.
He arched and writhed as John brought his palm into contact with Sherlock’s arse again, he lost count after seven and it was
The main course was dry and dull, much like the conversation at the table. The late evening heat and the effort of eating caused Gilchrist to sweat, little beads of it dotted at his temples. Sherlock pointed the fact out to John in a whisper, staring at Mycroft as he leant in to John’s ear, almost daring him to say something. The bridge of Mycroft’s nose turned red.
Sherlock smiled to himself as they rounded the corner, walking into the station and joining the queue for a ticket each. ‘Almost like old times, isn’t it?’ he said as they reached the head of the queue. ‘Only with ruddy sandbags everywhere...’
The salt-laced air kissed John’s cheeks as he stood at the head of the path leading down to the beach. Over the sea lay England, and London, an home. The dull, throbbing pain in his shoulder seemed to lessen somewhat as he stood atop the sand dunes, staring out across the lines and lines of men in uniform.
, heavy and full, making Sherlock buck and twitch with every thrust and flick and curl of his strong, capable digits.
‘No,’ Sherlock agreed, taking John’s hand off his leg and holding it by the wrist, seeking out John’s pulse. ‘I didn’t mean to be horrid, earlier.’
‘Of course you are.’ John rolled his eyes once again and poured a healthy measure of salt into the bowl of cold water, twisting the tap off.
‘It’s me, let me up.’ Sherlock’s hat was pulled down low over his face, his hands disappearing quickly into his pockets.
John lay down his hand of cards and smiled, eyes unfocused, at the men he was playing poker with, gesturing for them to lean in. ‘Mr. Holmes here has bet me one shilling he can dance the woman’s part in a quickstep. Shall we see him put his money where his mouth is?’
‘I shouldn’t have laughed. I’ve heard about... about your new friend. He sounds really rather nice.’
After running upstairs, away from Mycroft and John and whatever had happened at the fountain and on the steps outside, Sherlock threw his sodden clothes into the wicker laundry hamper in his room, fighting with his shirt cuffs that seemed to tighten around his wrists as he tried to yank it off. Once he’d managed to get his shirt off, he pulled the door of his wardrobe open and stood naked in front of the mirror that hung inside it. He glared at his too-long neck, his boyish limbs, his recessive chin, his snub nose and his stupid, unruly hair. He was too thin by half and so
The bees that bumbled around the wildflowers at the edge of the path caught Sherlock’s eye. He tilted his head as he watched them buzz from flower to flower, quite drawn in by their clumsy movements. He nearly jumped when Gilchrist appeared at his side, offering a mint-garnished drink with his left hand.
‘And the rockets and the blackout and the rationing...’ John stepped forwards to talk to the ticket officer. ‘Two to New Cross Gate, please.’
John shifted and gave no indication of the blow that was to come. He hit Sherlock hard, hard enough to make him cry out. ‘You want more, is that it?’ John said, bringing his dominant left hand down again, catching Sherlock in the same place, then again, then again, then again. ‘Greedy, desperate little thing, aren’t you, always after more, more stimulation, that’s it, isn’t it?’ he purred into Sherlock’s ear as he squeezed the hand round Sherlock’s neck and pushed Sherlock’s hips into the mattress by pushing his own hips against Sherlock’s bright red arse.
‘Shut up and go to sleep, you ungrateful sod.’ John’s voice held no malice as he hung his dressing gown up and slid under the covers next to Sherlock, wrapping his hand around Sherlock’s wrist, index and middle finger resting over where Sherlock’s pulse jumped underneath his skin.
Sherlock’s narrow bed barely contained the two of them; Sherlock’s limbs spilling out from underneath the sheets.
His skin flushing pink, Sherlock closed his eyes and frowned slightly, pressing his lips together for a brief moment before he spoke. ‘I want you to spank me, John,’ he mumbled, stretching out underneath John, pushing his bum up slightly.
The twins began to howl with laughter. Sherlock dug in his pocket and pressed a small coin into each of their palms. ‘There. One trick, a shilling each, now bugger off.’ They ran out of the drawing room, whispering together, giggling again when they cast a backward look at Gilchrist’s nether regions.
‘Of course you can,’ John said, rolling his eyes. ‘Here’s fine, come on.’ He pushed Sherlock by his elbow through the door, a bell above it tinkling, which Sherlock glared at. A group of elderly women in hats sat next to the window, lingering over their tea and buns, but other than that, the place was empty.
‘Something ought to be done about this,’ Molly said, her eyes sad as she watched the children. ‘It’s not right, it really isn’t, ten years and the government still haven’t done anything.’
John nodded and tilted Sherlock’s head forwards again. ‘And you’re not concussed?’ He rinsed the cloth through, the water running off it brown at first.
‘No doubt being rotund and villainous somewhere,’ Sherlock muttered, following his mother and John out into the bright midday sunshine.
‘Oh, someone told me that’s where you were from originally, I assumed you’d go and visit your family over Easter,’ Moriarty said, brown eyes wide and innocent. ‘You’ve got a brother, haven’t you?’
‘Thought you’d never answer,’ she said, kissing his cheek and pushing two small figures inside before she stepped through the door as well, carrying a large burgundy suitcase.
‘Fine,’ John replied, wiping the dishcloth over the plates they’d used. ‘That photograph of you in your uniform improved my week no end.’
‘Ten past nine, is it?’ Sherlock said quietly, eyes flicking to a crack in the boards at the windows.
‘In the bath,’ came Sherlock’s muffled reply. John smiled and twisted the key in the lock of the front door, taking his tie off and undoing his shirt buttons as he walked towards the bathroom. He pushed the door open and entered the steamy room halfway through his next sentence.
‘No cuts, that’s good,’ John said, quickly applying some of the yellow cream to Sherlock’s knuckles before screwing the cap back on the tube and replacing everything neatly in his bag. ‘I’d run you a cool bath to soak in but the plumbing would be far too loud at this hour.’ He lifted Sherlock shirt again and spread his hand across a large violet bruise just underneath Sherlock’s ribcage, rubbing gently with his thumb. ‘Come to bed?’
‘Shhh. You’ll wake everyone up.’ John glared at Sherlock, putting the bowl of water down on the table. ‘Hands in there. I don’t doubt for a second that you are, it’s just another...’ He found a bottle of aspirin in his bag and poured a glass of water. ‘It’s just another mad thing you... Just. Open your mouth.’
Mycroft’s lips twitched in a way John didn’t like. He walked a few feet to the door that led to one of the many drawing rooms the house held. John followed. ‘I’ve a friend coming to dinner. Giles Gilchrist, have you heard of him?’
‘Thank you, dear.’ Once Sherlock’s cigarette was lit, John leant over the table to light Mrs Hudson’s for her. Cigarette hanging out of his mouth, Sherlock poured the tea, doing John’s last so it would be strongest. He added sugar to both his and John’s cups, along with a splash of milk for all three of them that John had made up from powder that morning.
‘Pity.’ Mycroft stood. ‘Anyway, this is Giles Gilchrist, the one I was telling you about.’ He motioned to where Gilchrist sat behind him, white blonde and watery-eyed. ‘Gilchrist, John Watson.’
. ‘Good boy,’ John said again, his hand moving amongst Sherlock’s curls. ‘Lovely thing, so relaxed and beautiful, aren’t you? So good, so lovely, so--’
Sherlock lay atop a small pile of bricks, sprawled on his front, coat twisted around his limp form. ‘John,’ he murmured, gritting his teeth and rolling onto his back just as John fell to his knees beside him. ‘
Moriarty was red in the face too from the physical effort, accent thicker, eyes harder. He slammed Freddie’s head against the wall again, groaning when the coppery note of blood filled the air. ‘Don’t make me bash your skull in, beautiful, it’ll ruin the effect.’
John laughed, kissing the spot of skin just above Sherlock’s rapidly-beating heart. ‘As though I could forget.’ They’d taken advantage of the fact that Mrs Hudson had gone back to Kent over the Easter weekend to stay with her sister and spent a long, quiet hour wrapped up in each other on the sofa, kissing and touching and exploring together by lamplight before making their stumbling way into the bedroom.
‘You clearly know him far better than I ever did, Doctor Watson,’ Victor said quietly. ‘Thank you for speaking with me.’
Lola nodded. ‘They’ve run away because they said I was cruel to them and it’s hateful here,’ she sniffed, beginning to cry.
Sherlock gave Mycroft the slip after ten minutes of scouring the lawns with him - a feat that Lola managed, too. He headed down towards the boathouse, skin prickling from the heat that pressed in still. ‘Boys?’ Sherlock shouted. He shone his torch down the damp steps and ducked his head to look. ‘Boys?’ Nothing but the dripping of water. He turned and ran back up towards the house.
John dressed for dinner immediately after his bath, knotting his bow tie carefully around his neck. His cheeks coloured every time he thought of his bath, as he thought of what he’d imagined as he lay submerged in the water, as he thought of what he’d done with those images running through his head. He shouldn’t do things like that. It wasn’t decent, and it wasn’t fair to Sherlock. He wouldn’t mention what had happened at the fountain, what had almost happened on the steps. Sherlock had evidently been embarrassed and it wouldn’t do to open old wounds.
‘It would be unlikely as there was no actual penetration involved--’ Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes at John’s incredulous look. ‘Of course I understand, of course I do!’ he said, glaring at the floor as he re-tied his bow tie.
‘Such as?’ John prompted, looking up at Sherlock. He was seated, a factory girl having given up her seat for him after noticing his walking stick. He had originally attempted to refuse, but Sherlock had forcibly pushed him to sit down and that had been the end of the matter.
‘Victor,’ Sherlock replied, meeting John’s eyes. ‘Victor Trevor. 1932 – the year we…’ Sherlock trailed off, his meaning implied. ‘Oxford—’
‘I want everything to be lovely and perfect and two years ago again, believe me, I do, but there’s no escaping the fact that I just spend two years of my life in prison whilst you--whilst you--’
Sherlock grinned, touching his palm to John’s cheek. ‘You’re wonderful,’ he murmured as John eagerly read the letter again, stroking John’s face with his thumb, certain that John wasn’t even listening. ‘Utterly wonderful.’
‘Let ‘em have this shithole, that’s what I say,’ Nettle exclaimed, waving his hand around to gesture at the village they were currently tramping through. ‘It’s all about empire, ain’t it? We’ve got India and Africa, let Jerry have France and Belgium and wherever fucking else they want. Who the fuck’s ever been to Poland, anyway?’
Sherlock bent down, pressing his lips gently to John's neck, moving down and brushing light kisses over John's knotted scar. 'I didn't know you were so eager to spend time with my mother and brother and that little troop of lost boys she’s taken in.' He licked John's skin, following the complex pattern the scar had formed into.
Sherlock heard a deep voice murmuring in the nursery. He heard his cousin Lola’s giggled reply. He closed his eyes, sighed, wrapped himself in his dressing gown and stalked back to his room, John’s hands and his smile and his warm, easy laugh still there at the forefront of his mind.
‘John,’ he sighed, enraptured, head falling back against one of the shelves. John’s fingers bit into Sherlock’s hips as they rocked together, the only sounds in the library the creaking floorboards and the whisper of fabric against fabric. A warm breeze blew in from the open window, carrying the heady scent of lilac in from the garden outside.
The sound of the doorbell broke the comfortable silence in 221b. John and Sherlock were in bed together, Sherlock’s head pillowed on John’s thigh, John’s mug of tea resting on Sherlock’s head. John was bare-chested and attempting to complete the crossword, whilst Sherlock was reading a journal article and scoffing at it every few seconds.
They’d not done this before, not yet, not while this was still new and fragile and exhilarating and wonderful. But from what John was growling into Sherlock’s ear between kisses, it was largely down to the jeans - the jeans that John hadn’t let Sherlock take off, tugging them down just enough so that John could slide his palm inside after licking it and curl it around Sherlock’s prick, squeezing, teasing, hot and filthy and yes, yes,
Sherlock glanced up from where he was leaning over the fountain, his flat stomach pressing against the hot stone that formed its raised edge. He frowned and went back to fishing around in the water, the rolled-up cuffs of his shirt sleeves growing damp.
Sherlock’s face twisted into an ugly expression, the skin at the bridge of his nose furrowing, his slightly crooked teeth bared. ‘You idiot! That was a present from my friend!’
John was wild and desperate when he pushed into Sherlock. Sherlock hissed and clenched his fist around one of the slats in his headboard, arching his back as he adjusted.
‘Jackson!’ John called, his voice carrying across the lawns. He swept the torch in a semicircle from left to right as he made his way towards the woods. ‘Pierrot!’
‘There’s an envelope addressed to you on top of the body,’ Lestrade said, direct as always. ‘And this isn’t what you’re thinking.’ Lestrade paused before he continued, his face somewhere between disgust and an expression that looked to be a morbid fascination. ‘It’s a rent boy – full face of makeup, back passage full of… Well.’ Lestrade trailed off, both him and John blushing horribly.
Throwing his cigarette out of the window after one last inhale, Sherlock pulled his trousers on and tucked his shirt in, tying the emerald green bow tie that had been a present from John’s mother around his neck, fastening his cuffs with the mother of pearl cufflinks John himself had bought him for his last birthday. He breathed out and shrugged his dinner jacket on.
‘Thank you,’ he mumbled when John got them both under the sheets, shuffling closer to John on his stomach, resting his head in John’s lap. John moved his hands into Sherlock’s hair and stroked the tousled, slightly sweaty curls gently.
The morning sun beat down on the Holmes residence and its impressive gardens. John Watson, twenty-three, seated himself on the fountain’s edge, a few feet away from Sherlock, one tanned hand spread across the sun-warmed stone. ‘First chance I’ve had to talk to you in nearly a year.’ John brought his right arm across his body and dipped his hand into the water, his eyes flicking between where his wrist disappeared underneath the water’s surface and Sherlock’s face, where perspiration beaded at his temple. ‘And that’s even with the both of us being at Oxford together during the term--’
A lorry made its slow, weary way up the road that John and his company were walking at the side of. Wounded men sat in its open back, legs hanging listlessly towards the bloody, muddy earth. John nodded at the lad with a grubby bandage wrapped across his right eye. He didn’t nod back.
‘Don’t you ever try and talk to me again,’ Sherlock spat, stalking over to where John stood, chatting kindly with a couple who were clearly Frank’s parents.
She shook her head and leant over to clip his ear. ‘I know,’ she said, pulling the kitchen doors half-closed as she went to make the tea.
‘We’ll look for them, they won’t have gone far,’ John said immediately, stubbing his unsmoked cigarette out, getting to his feet. ‘Come on, Sherlock.’
‘Hullo, Jimmy,’ Sherlock said, shaking the man’s hand. ‘Uh, this is Doctor John Watson, my...’ Sherlock paused for a fraction of a second too long. ‘My friend.’ He coughed.
Seated at the table, John smiled up at Sherlock and pushed a chair out for him. ‘Sit down,’ he said, reaching into Sherlock’s pocket and taking his cigarettes and lighter out.
He looked skywards. The day was clear and probably as nice as November was ever going to get. John massaged his thigh discreetly as he watched a bird dive to land on the awning of a greengrocer’s, smiling at the funny waddling walk it had across the red and white striped material.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes and continued to tidy up the kitchen. ‘He likes being useful,’ she called over her shoulder as she filled the kettle and laid two cups and saucers out.
‘I didn’t average half a day a month with you before the war,’ Sherlock retorted, sucking in a deep breath, holding the smoke for longer than he usually did before blowing it towards the ceiling. John took hold of Sherlock’s lighter, the weight of it in his hand comforting and familiar. He pocketed it without thinking when the young woman from behind the counter rested the edge of a tray on their table, setting the teapot out with two cups and saucers, a sugar bowl, a jug of milk, and the plate of buns and sandwiches that Sherlock had ordered.
, Sherlock,’ he said, offering his left hand to John, who hesitated before bringing his trembling one to join it. ‘James Moriarty,’ Moriarty said, with a wide smile. ‘Hi.’
As soon as the train stopped, Sherlock sprang forwards and pulled the door open, grinning up at John. John smiled back and stepped down onto the platform, putting his hat on and dusting his smart brown suit down.
Sherlock released a shuddering breath and flexed his wrists against John’s hands where they’d settled, wrapped tightly around the thin, wiry joint. ‘Do you want me to spank you, Sherlock?’ he asked as though he was enquiring as to whether Sherlock fancied toast for breakfast, though in a low whisper and with a firm squeeze to his wrists that drove Sherlock to sink his teeth into his bottom lip, and whimper slightly. ‘Hm?’ John said, his nose brushing just behind Sherlock’s ear, his breath ghosting over Sherlock’s skin. Oh, yes. John knew
‘Sherlock!’ Mrs Hudson exclaimed. ‘What on earth do you think you’re doing, young man, throwing yourself off the back of a bus like that? You’ll do yourself an injury, you will, and I won’t be the one putting you back together--’ she stopped talking abruptly as Sherlock swept her into a tight hug, kissing her soundly on the cheek.
The bomb hit the far side of the road, some distance away. Again John stood, motioning towards the woods and the planes as he shouted at the woman, ‘We have to move!’ She shook her head and pulled her boy, silent with shock, from John’s arms. She wouldn’t move. Machine gun fire burst through the mud of the field. A soldier went down, wounded, and began to scream.
John closed his eyes and continued to walk, releasing the smoke from between his lips. He pressed his hand over the right side of his breast, where Sherlock’s letters sat in a pocket, folded and dog-eared and stained with dirt and blood and tea.
The sink’s cold tap dripped slowly into the cup Sherlock had placed there. That and the quiet splashing Sherlock made as he skated his fingers along the surface of the bathwater were the only sounds in the small, high room. John played with the damp hair at Sherlock’s nape, rubbing with his thumb where Sherlock held his tension.
you are,’ Mrs Holmes exclaimed from where she stood pouring drinks on the patio, smiling at them both. She hurried through the French doors and kissed Sherlock and John on the cheek, her curled and neatly-pinned hair coming a bit loose when she embraced them. ‘Where on earth have you been?’
‘Oh, I could murder one,’ Harry replied as John put the teapot on the table, along with a glass of milk for both of the children. Sherlock placed two of his cigarettes between his lips and lit both with a match, handing one to Harry when the tip glowed amber.
‘Yes, I’m quite sorry to be a burden,’ Harry muttered, her nostrils flaring as she met Sherlock’s gaze.
‘I don’t imagine that’s the case, no. Why don’t you see if you can use your... your deductions in your line of work? Is there a profession where you could do that?’
‘I ought to go soon,’ Sherlock whispered, reaching up to straighten the knot of John’s tie. ‘I’m on duty in the morning.’
‘You saw him, then?’ The Inspector asked, leaning forwards over Mycroft’s father’s desk in the darkened study.
Sherlock was half-dressed and smoking frantically as he paced around his room. He couldn’t keep quiet any longer. He’d spent the entire year, probably even more, trying to ignore the near-desperate longing he felt for John. It had been there for years, since he was sixteen at least, but the events of the day had brought everything rushing to a head and he couldn’t
‘I could kiss you forever,’ John said, his lips against one of Sherlock’s freckled shoulders as they lay together in bed.
‘John’s things,’ the man said, staring at the plain brown envelope. ‘You’ve brought me John’s things.’
The door of the nursery slammed open and Sherlock heard two pairs of feet hammering against the floorboards as the twins, undoubtedly, ran past his room. Clenching his jaw and throwing the direction of their fading footsteps a filthy look through the bathroom door, Sherlock finished his shave with one final swipe to his cheek. He rinsed and dried his face before attempting to comb his hair into something resembling a tidy style, the beads of water running down the back of his neck before they caught in the towel that Sherlock had draped across his shoulders.
The young man staggered backwards and sank to sit on the bottom step of the narrow staircase, burying his face in his hands.
‘Oh, be serious,’ John hissed, frustrated. ‘Another dead rent boy turns up, another note for you, my initials this time – JHW, 1936, London – not exactly a difficult code for Lestrade to crack. What then? You heard him today, you saw his face when he looked at that boy. Doesn’t take the sharpest tool in the box for him to clock that this—’ John motioned between himself and Sherlock and then at the wider room, ‘—this is more than a convenient living arrangement. That room we pretend is mine doesn’t even have a bloody bed, for a start—’
‘Fine, really, only one change from Lambeth,’ Molly replied, adjusting the cuffs of her cardigan. ‘I’d not been waiting long.’
‘Please,’ Sherlock said, near soundless, mouth moving against John’s forehead, damp with perspiration. He fiddled with John’s trouser buttons for a moment before loosening two, enough to slip John’s trousers down, where they pooled at his ankles in a twisted heap. ‘Please. I love you, please, I love you.’
‘It smells repulsive,’ Sherlock mumbled, wrinkling his nose and grimacing at the feel of the cream on his skin. ‘And it hurts.’
John didn’t say anything for a moment. ‘I am,’ he said quietly, certainly. ‘So were you.’ He straightened up. ‘Don’t... don’t hurt him again. Please.’
Mrs Hudson pursed her lips. ‘I’ve never known anyone to fuss about things like she does, Doctor Watson. Shot my nerves to pieces, she did, carrying on about bombs and death and how frightened she was.’ She drew some smoke in quickly. ‘She’s not been the same since her George was killed during the last war and I shouldn’t be unkind, but...’
‘Stop it, you horrible boy,’ John’s mother said, smiling as she tapped John’s arm. John laughed and pressed a kiss to her forehead. ‘Oh, you’re rotten. I’ll heat you some water for a bath, we can’t have you going to dinner looking as though you’ve been dragged through hedge backwards.’ She sat up and rested her hand on top of John’s head. ‘Go and find your suit and I’ll see if it needs ironing.’
‘Dr. Hooper.’ John greeted his colleague with a warm smile and a nod as he stepped off the train and saw her waiting next to a newspaper stand.
‘Pleasant enough. You been here?’ Sherlock remained facing forwards, breathing in the evening air, the surrounding countryside carrying notes of scent that were entirely alien to London and its fog.
‘Mainly my face and torso,’ Sherlock replied, mouth pulling into a half-grin. Fresh blood spilt from his lip again, which John chased with the clean cloth, dabbing carefully at his lips.
‘Tea... you’ll be wanting tea,’ Sherlock mumbled, scratching his head as he strode across the living room, through the screen door and into the kitchen. Nettle took his cap off.
Nodding, John guided Sherlock’s head to rest in his lap, bending to kiss his temple. ‘Good,’ he said. ‘Good.’
‘Let’s see about some sandwiches, shall we?’ Mrs Hudson inhaled from her cigarette a final time before stubbing it out in her saucer, handing John one of the small plates sitting in a stack in the middle of the table. ‘I’m sorry it’s nothing special, but I don’t need to tell you what a game it is getting a decent bit of food these days...’
‘I’ve made my peace with that,’ John said, kissing Sherlock’s neck. He did relent, however, pulling his thumb out and pushing inwards quickly, knocking the breath out of Sherlock’s lungs in a surprised gasp. Sherlock’s fingers slipped on the headboard and he only just caught his balance as John began to establish a quick pace, the springs of the mattress squeaking their protest, the rickety wooden bedframe creaking and moving a fraction of an inch with each thrust that John made.
Sherlock inhaled deeply from the cigarette he’d largely forgotten about before stubbing it out in the ashtray on the table.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and began his deductions. ‘He’s very rich, keeps his cash in a roll in his jacket pocket, do you see that bulge, there?’ he murmured, pointing at where Gilchrist’s jacket stuck out from his chest. ‘You must split your winnings with me should he leave his jacket unattended.’
Victor nodded. ‘I don’t... I don’t want to... I’m not trying to... I’m very happily... I’d just like to tell him I’m sorry.’
Sherlock nodded, one side of his mouth pulling upwards when John pressed several kisses to his chest before getting up and walking into the bathroom, barely limping at all.
‘I’m sorry!’ Sherlock shouted back, clutching one of the thin sheets to himself as he stood and moved towards John. ‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I love you, don’t, please don’t--’
‘Watch the—’ John just about saved himself a scalding by lifting his mug high, away from the bed. ‘Bloody lunatic,’ he muttered, pulling a shirt and his pair of trousers on quickly, snapping the braces over his shoulders before doing the buttons up.
‘You won’t believe the rotten business,’ Sherlock said, guiding the twins inside, John following close behind. ‘We’ve one thing less to trouble everyone at least, thanks to you. Where did you find them?’
John sighed again and snapped on a pair of rubber gloves he’d stolen from the hospital. ‘Am I alright to touch him, Lestrade?’ John called to where Lestrade stood, just outside, smoking a cigarette.
‘I, ah, I’d rather appreciate your medical expertise,’ Sherlock replied, taking his hat off and turning to face John, whose eyebrows raised comically at the state of Sherlock’s face and hands. Sherlock’s right eye was swollen shut, a large purple bruise surrounding it. Dried blood crusted around his nose and just above his lips, the bottom one split. A shallow cut followed the line of his cheekbone, pinkish blood surrounding it. The skin of his knuckles was split open, his hands swollen and bloody.
‘We have to move,’ John muttered, mostly to himself as his legs began to work at long last and he darted forwards, grabbing the woman by the shoulder of her dress and hauling her towards the field.
The twins were making a terrible racket in the nursery, which was next to the bathroom which Sherlock liked to use best. He’d bathed and was currently shaving, nicking himself occasionally with every surprise bang or squeal from next door. After the third tiny patch of blood welled up on his jaw, Sherlock strode over to the common wall between the bathroom and the nursery and slammed his palm against it several times.
The high whistle of the kettle interrupted John’s thoughts. He moved to take it off the gas resting it on another ring whilst he heaped tea leaves into the pot.
‘I love you,’ Sherlock murmured, kissing the dampness at John’s hairline before throwing his own head back, hair dark against the mint green pillowcase.
Sherlock scoffed, the sound derisive. ‘Why? Neither you nor I are a cheap fairy rent boy who solicits for business in Hyde Park.’
‘Ah--yes. Tunisia. Actually got shot in the shoulder, the leg’s nothing to do with...’ John trailed off, embarrassed.
‘Oh, it was a number of things, Mrs Holmes, please allow me to apologise,’ John said. ‘I insisted on giving the car a check before we left and couldn’t resist tinkering with the thing, and I made Sherlock stop halfway here so that the engine wouldn’t overheat. I’m ever so sorry I made both of us late, I hope lunch isn’t ruined? Mycroft and Mary both expressed a concern--’
Other couples moved back into the space John and Sherlock had vacated as John dug in his pocket and handed a shilling over to Sherlock. Sherlock grinned and flicked the coin to the boy manning the record player and flung his arm around John’s shoulders. ‘And you still owe me a dance,’ he murmured against John’s ear, breath warm and moist in the late night chill.
‘Where have you been?’ Mycroft hissed, appearing from nowhere and grabbing Sherlock’s arm, which was quickly shaken off.
‘How long ago did your nosebleed stop?’ John wiped the dark, crusty blood away from Sherlock’s nostrils and filtrum.
‘What was in the envelope?’ he called after Sherlock, whose coattails were flapping behind him as he paced towards the Serpentine.
‘Madness. Come along.’ Sherlock urged John to move and soon they were flying around the dancefloor in a quickstep, stumbling occasionally. They lasted about a minute before John began to laugh loudly when he saw the manic smile Sherlock had plastered onto his face in imitation of professional dancers, losing his rhythm and having to stop to hold his stomach as he laughed.
‘Delicate flower like him, I’m not bloody surprised,’ Lestrade grumbled, giving the boy a look of utter contempt. John’s hands faltered in his inspection of the body.
‘You are entirely horrid,’ John said, kissing Sherlock once more and tapping his backside. He did, however find Sherlock’s cigarettes and lighter on the floor on Sherlock’s side of the bed, underneath the forgotten book from earlier, and lit one for him, placing it between his reddened lips. ‘I’ll call you when the bath’s ready.’
‘Pleasure,’ Gilchrist said, his smile overly toothy, standing to shake John’s hand. ‘Medical man, I hear?’
‘Ooh, Sherlock, you’re in the paper again,’ Mrs Hudson said, beaming with pride and bumping her hip against Sherlock’s as she flicked the paper out to straighten it.
‘Fuck,’ John groaned as he opened his eyes and looked where Nettle motioned. ‘Where the bloody hell are the RAF?’ he blurted out, sighing in horror when one of the tiny specks in the wide expanse of blue above peeled away from the rest and nose dived towards them. It took a few seconds for the dull roar of the Stuka’s engine to reach them, and for shouts to begin ringing out along the road.
‘You understand, then? You know how I... I’ve been ignoring it for years but this morning at the fountain-’
John drained his beer and cuffed Sherlock’s shoulder. ‘Buck up. It’ll be real soon enough when we start arguing about fingers in the colander again.’
In a couple of years, when all of this was over, he and John would carve out a nice little life for themselves on Baker Street. A quiet, private life; theirs and theirs alone. Sherlock would do something that interested him and John would be able to qualify as a doctor, do shifts at the hospital. Yes. A good life. A quiet life.
For the first time, Sherlock’s eyes snapped to Moriarty’s and he frowned. ‘How did you know I was in Sussex?’
‘I’ve missed you too, Mrs Hudson,’ he said, grinning widely and hugging her again. ‘The place has been falling down without you here - quite literally, as you’ve no doubt heard.’ He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and led her towards the door, bending to pick up one of the cases next to the step.
and Sherlock had idly thought that he was going to wear these jeans every day if they merited such a reaction before he found himself being pulled up the stairs to John's room, John's lips attached to his again.
John took Victor’s hand with a gentle squeeze and shook it. ‘Don’t go to him,’ he said quickly, surprising himself. ‘Write, if you need, but don’t ask Mycroft and...’ he sighed. ‘Just... please.’
John was waiting just inside. ‘I’ll let you do the honours, Mrs Hudson,’ he said, smiling as he handed his and Sherlock’s spare set of keys over to her.
Tongue brushing nervously over his cracked lips, Sherlock replied, ‘John.’ He nodded, and after that, there was no need for words. He pulled John into a fiercely demanding kiss, fingers fisted in the short hair at John’s nape. His body canted naturally towards John’s, his knees bent, legs swaying as he fought to stay upright, as he fought to battle the onslaught of sensation at John’s lips and hands and the strong press of his thigh.
Freddie’s struggling weakened bit by bit, Moriarty deeming it safe enough to nudge his legs open again and thrust back into him. ‘Good boy,’ Moriarty purred, thrusting furiously, his usually immaculate hair falling into his eyes as he fucked into the just-twitching boy, coming with a guttural moan at the moment Freddie’s eyes went glassy and his body went limp.
John pulled her close and kissed her cheek. ‘That’s because I’m all yours,’ he said. ‘I’ll be back late. Don’t worry if I’m gone a while.’
‘Ugh, not forever,’ Sherlock moaned dramatically, giving up on his experiment to loll in his armchair. ‘He’s in a love affair with the bloody NHS.’
‘“A source claims that Mr. Holmes is quite the musician, having composed his own pieces as well as being able to play anything from Bach to Rodgers and Hammerstein!”’
‘Look,’ John said, taking Sherlock’s hand and squeezing it tightly. ‘You’re fine.’ He looked around again. ‘A lot of these people aren’t.’
They danced until the end of the song, John dropping down onto the sofa as soon as it had finished. Sherlock lay down next to him, resting his head in John’s lap. Rain began to tap at the windows, the clouds having moved closer and grown darker. John turned the lamp next to them on and carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as the gramophone hissed quietly.
'I don't care about polite.' Sherlock slipped his hand inside John's loose pyjama bottoms, trailing his lips downwards to tease one of John's nipples.
‘Idiot of the year, I should imagine, and I mean that in the medical rather than the colloquial sense,’ John snapped. ‘Get in the kitchen, the light’s better.’
‘Two!’ Sherlock gasped, hips pushed down. Blow number three landed, then four. ‘Three, oh, four,’ he sighed. John pinched his arse hard for a brief moment before smacking Sherlock for a fifth time.
‘That’s a very bold estimation of both the speed of our stolen ship and our sailing abilities. The Caribbean and India are also in entirely different directions. Normandy would be far more reasonable.’
‘You’re right there,’ John agreed, smiling as Mrs Hudson staggered back over to them through the crowd and pressed an ale into each of their hands.
‘Of course it’s me,’ Sherlock replied from halfway up the stairs, his curls appearing, then his long, proud face as he ascended. His curls were rather less wild than they had once been, Sherlock now opting for a short-back-and-sides haircut rather than the unruly crown which had once adorned his head.
The white underwear Sherlock wore had turned see-through, the material clinging to the visible outline of his cock. He clutched his flask in his right hand, his knuckles whitening around the neck. John glanced at Sherlock’s face once more then averted his eyes, cheeks pinking as he wet his lips.
'What?' John murmured, moving his hips slowly, stroking the sweep of Sherlock's jaw with his thumb. 'What is it, tell me what you need.'
‘Sherlock,’ John said, inadvertently interrupting whatever it was Sherlock was saying. ‘Sherlock, read this.’ He thrust the letter under Sherlock’s nose and read along with him, shaking his head. ‘I... I can’t believe it. Over a year I’ve been home, looking for work, and...’
‘Four or five fractured or broken and you’ll have some bruising on the others.’ John looked around for the first time since finding Sherlock, now that the smoke had begun to clear. Several people lay unconscious, some trapped by rubble. One elderly man bled from his head out onto the bricks and glass and wood he lay on top of.
John appeared in the doorway. Sherlock shot to his feet, upending the dregs of tea in his cup. He blinked and breathed deeply as John walked towards him, clad in a drab khaki uniform. Whilst Sherlock had grown into his features and lost his coltish appearance of two summers ago, John had withered. His eyes were hollow as he strode towards Sherlock through the crowd, his usually swarthy skin pale, his hair flecked with grey in places.
‘You really ought,‘ Sherlock agreed, watching John’s left hand with narrowed eyes. John poured some more tea from the pot into his mug. The pot didn’t shake. The tea didn’t spill. Sherlock drank from his cup and flicked the newspaper open, scanning the lines of text without really reading the words on the page.
‘Mm, unless something comes up,’ Sherlock replied, bent over his microscope, his silk dressing gown hanging elegantly on his form. He reached out blindly for something, fingers grabbing at thin air.
‘Haven’t been practising, have you, son?’ The red-faced grocer who’d taken a fancy to Mrs Hudson asked Sherlock.
The revving of the engine caught Sherlock’s attention and he flattened himself against the side of the car, tapping on the window with his hand. John stopped shouting and turned.
‘Sherlock Holmes,’ John murmured as Sherlock finally came to a stop, leaning against the wall and just smiling at John, his eyes wrinkled at the corners. ‘Well well.’
He ate a meagre bowlful of thin vegetable stew with half a slice of stale bread after slinging his case in his attic room. Lighting a cigarette, Sherlock pushed his bowl and plate to one side and sauntered out into the grounds, ignoring the hustle and bustle that went on around him. Technically, he was still on holiday until tomorrow morning and not due for a shift. He made his way over to his usual hut anyway.
At least I finished it? Very sorry it's taken a ridiculously long time. Huge thanks if you're still reading this. <3
‘Letter for you,’ he mumbled, handing it to John before shuffling into the kitchen, one of his large hands shielding his ribs.
‘Yes,’ Sherlock said, grabbing the bright orange coal tar soap from next to the tap. ‘Yes, I’m perfectly alright.’
‘And I love you,’ John replied, lacing the fingers of his right hand with Sherlock’s, pinning it to the mattress as he thrust harder into Sherlock’s fist, seeking completion. Sherlock’s grip tightened as John’s pace increased, both of them panting for breath through open mouths.
A draught whistled through a crack in the window frame above the sink as John washed his hands again. He picked up the tube of acriflavine cream off the table and squeezed the thick, bright yellow, strong-smelling substance out onto his fingertip. ‘This will sting,’ he said, spreading a thin layer over and around the cut on Sherlock’s cheek.
‘Mr. Holmes.’ John grinned and took Sherlock’s hand, squeezing. ‘I’ve missed you,’ he said quietly, the other people on the platform too busy to pay them any mind.
The crashing sound of the water as Sherlock re-emerged drew John’s attention back to the fountain, where Sherlock’s feet stumbled on the hot stone of the fountain’s edge as he fell forwards, over-estimating the amount of force he’d needed to propel himself from the water. He was still coltish and graceless, still not used to the long, thin limbs he’d developed. His hair clung to his pale neck, his forehead, water dripping onto his shoulders and down his wiry arms, droplets jumping off his fingertips onto the ground below.
‘Who has?’ John prised the lid of the tin open and folded a cigarette paper out, sprinkling some tobacco onto it.
John glanced down at himself. The front of his shirt and the thighs of his trousers had gone a dark coppery colour from the old blood stains he’d acquired whilst tying tourniquets and applying pressure to open wounds and digging little bits of shrapnel out of flesh.
‘Mycroft could probably get you clearance, though I’d undoubtedly have to do him some sort of favour.’ Sherlock wrinkled his nose and straightened up. ‘Do you want to see about lunch?’
‘Pleasure to meet you,’ John said, no expression on his face to indicate that it was a pleasure at all.
More cheerful than he’d been in days, since Sherlock’s last letter, John managed the stairs with relative ease, the card from Sherlock and a couple of other letters clutched tightly in his hand. He went back into the flat and switched the wireless on, humming under his breath as he went to fill the kettle. He grinned at the photograph of Sherlock in his Home Guard uniform, looking incredibly surly, that he’d rested against one of the canisters. He’d have to see about getting that one framed.
‘That’s infinitely more likely,’ John replied, resting his hand on the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, stroking absently with his thumb. Sherlock turned and kissed John’s forehead.
‘I think all London’s criminals must have gone on their summer holidays,’ John said, pushing the handle of Sherlock’s teacup against his fingers. ‘You haven’t had a case - a really good case - for weeks.’
‘Excellent, excellent.’ Gilchrist drained his drink. John followed his gaze to Lola, Sherlock’s young cousin, who was twirling a lock of her ginger hair around her finger.
John said nothing, scooping a fast asleep Colin up into his arms. ‘I’ll come back down for Nancy. The bathroom’s next to Sherlock’s bedroom if you’d like to wash your face and clean your teeth and perhaps have a glass of water and an aspirin out of the cabinet.’
He stood and turned to walk up the stairs, leading the way into 221b. Nettle followed. The flat was in ruin. Nettle could tell it might once have been very nice, all patterned wallpaper and comfortable chairs and fine bone china. But now the delicate china held cigarette ends and splintered needle shafts, the chairs stained with wine and who knows what else, the wallpaper peeling and blackened with mould. A sharp scent of body odour and sickness hung heavy in the air.
John laughed. ‘You look smashing. I want to see about a frame for it, even if you’ve got a face like a bulldog chewing a wasp. Here.’ He slid his right hand onto Sherlock’s back and moved Sherlock’s left hand onto his shoulder, interlacing the fingers of their other hands and stepping close enough that their chests were brushing. ‘You wanted to dance.’
‘A pirate, that was it!’ John said, grinning. ‘How about it, then? We steal Mycroft’s car, drive to the coast and take over the first ship we see. We’ll be in the Caribbean in a week, India in two if you fancy it.’
‘Don’t strop now, Sherlock dear, it’s unbecoming,’ Mrs Hudson said, marching over as she waited for the kettle to boil, taking one of the cigarettes off him. She shoved his legs up and perched on the arm of his chair. ‘You’re being very silly.’
White-hot pain tore through John’s shoulder as the blast threw him several feet forwards to land face-down in the earth.
‘Should auld acquaintance be forgot, for the sake of auld lang syne,’ Harry murmured, squeezing John’s hand again. ‘Happy New Year, Johnny.’
Sherlock stepped closer, his eyes downcast. ‘No-one...’ he entwined his fingers with John’s. ‘I’ve only ever been yours.’
‘Let him be, Mycroft, old chap,’ Gilchrist said, sauntering forwards. ‘Holmes the younger!’ he exclaimed when he came face to face with Sherlock. ‘I’ve heard all about you. Your brother’s very proud of you, you know, despite appearances.’ He grinned, his teeth pearly white, and offered his hand. ‘Giles Gilchrist. Pleasure.’
‘Boys? Is that you?’ Mrs Hudson’s door opened and the woman herself peeked out from behind it. ‘Sherlock!’ she gasped, wiping her floury hands on her apron. ‘What happened to you?’
Mycroft lay Lola down on one of the sofas. Mrs Holmes looked at him questioningly as she dropped heavily to her knees at Lola’s side.
‘Was it horrible?’ Sherlock asked, scanning the front page of the newspaper that Mrs Hudson had fetched for them, reporting on the bombing. ‘Certainly sounds it.’
‘So fucking sexy, you’ve no idea,’ John rasped, licking down the curve of Sherlock’s ear. ‘You’ve no
‘Good afternoon, Doctor Watson. Mrs Holmes is in the garden with the other guests, I’ll let her know you’ve arrived.’
Mycroft swept his torch along the opposite bank. Foliage, ferns, flowers, scattered across the outcropping of rock, and in the middle, a pair of pale white buttocks, suit trousers caught around a pair of pale white knees, a pair of pale white hands clamping shut a mouth. A shock of red hair and a pair of pearl earrings and a powder blue dress, stained with grass and mud.
‘No.’ Sherlock was quiet for a minute, though he caught and held John’s left hand, bringing it to his lips. The tremor made John’s knuckles brush back and forth over Sherlock’s mouth. ‘Will this rotten business ever end?’ Sherlock asked, eyes closed.
‘Take care.’ John waved and watched Victor to the end of the street before closing the door and locking it quietly behind him.
John stood up and placed the guard around the fireplace. ‘I’ve changed the sheets on my bed for you, Harry, and made up a bed on the floor with a spare mattress and some blankets for Colin and Nancy. I’ll give you a hand with getting the children to bed, come on.’
,’ Sherlock gasped, his chest tight as he tried to breathe through the next onslaught of smacks from John: irregular, bruising, punishing. ‘I
‘I nearly didn’t recognise you with all that hair round your face,’ the man said, brown eyes alight with amusement.
The Inspector nodded and a policeman behind John gripped his wrists roughly, snapping a metal handcuff onto his right wrist.
‘Beautiful,’ John groaned, fingers digging into Sherlock’s hips. ‘Wonderful, brilliant, mine.’ He pushed in harder and faster still, careering towards the edge, losing his rhythm as he hissed Sherlock’s name, his muscles tightening, toes curling, his face contorting as he came.
John’s head fell back onto Sherlock’s shoulder as his eyes dropped closed and his tongue flicked out to lick his lips. ‘Quite the wordsmith this evening, Mr. Holmes,’ he said, turning to press open-mouthed kisses to Sherlock’s neck.
One eyebrow lifting at the unexpected compliment, John smiled and went back to Sherlock. ‘You’re not. At least, you’re not showing any signs of concussion. Any blows to the head in this no doubt entirely legal bare-knuckle boxing match?’
‘You told me you’d fix it,’ John said, voice shaking as he toyed with Sherlock’s fingers, eyes darting all over the darkening room. ‘You told me you would and you didn’t.’
John smiled. Sherlock had cast aspersions on the architectural integrity of Bletchley Park on more than one occasion before now. ‘I’d like to see where you work.’
‘This is all very surreal,’ Sherlock murmured, watching the dancing, the children running, the drinking and singing that was going on around them. He pinched a slice of pork pie from the table. ‘And the lyrics to this song don’t make any sense.’
‘John!’ a deep voice called just as John was about to straighten and pick the case up. He turned his head so that he was facing the road and smiled when he saw Sherlock launch himself from the back of the moving bus, coat and scarf flying behind him as he landed, graceful as ever, on the road, one hand holding his hat on his head.
‘I’d like to leave straight after lunch,’ Sherlock replied, effectively avoiding the question, though his troubled face spoke volumes.
‘Roll over for me, love,’ John murmured as he licked around Sherlock’s outer ear, both of his hands running up and down Sherlock’s sides. ‘On your front, that’s it,’ he said, moving one leg over Sherlock’s back so he was kneeling over him. ‘Arms up,’ John said, trailing his fingers up Sherlock’s biceps and forearms then the backs of his hands once he’d stretched his arms over the pillows and towards the headboard. ‘Good boy,’ John praised, biting gently at the back of Sherlock’s neck, nuzzling into the dark curls at Sherlock’s nape. ‘You’re such a good boy.’
Before he could think better of it, before he could think at all, he scratched out a two-sentence letter to John on a thin piece of paper with his ink pen, folding it and shoving it inside his jacket pocket before it had had time to dry. He bent down to put on his shoes and socks and placed his lighter and cigarettes in his trouser pocket before making his way downstairs, towards where Mycroft’s drawling voice could be heard.
Sherlock flushed and looked away. John kissed his forehead. ‘It’s not much of an ask, Sherlock, playing at soldiers a couple of times a week,’ he said quietly, drying his hands on the teatowel hanging on a peg underneath the sink before turning and pulling Sherlock into a tight hug.
The boy screamed in John’s ear, clawing over John’s shoulder for his mother, who stumbled behind, weeping. To add to the din came the screeching of the falling bomb, and John prayed the noise wouldn’t end for them before the explosion hit. He had to get to back to Sherlock. He had to. As he fell to the grass he pulled the woman with him, shoving her head down and lying atop the still-wailing boy. The shockwave tore them from the earth, dirt stinging John’s face. The first Stuka groaned its ascent as the screech of the next bomb sounded.
‘That’s right, listen to your handler,’ Mycroft said nastily, drawing himself up to his full height. ‘Speaking of which, your old one’s out in the garden, with his
‘Such a lovely little thing,’ Moriarty murmured, almost to himself before he gripped Freddie’s left hip with one hand and used his left to help himself thrust into Freddie’s warm body, groaning from the feel of it.
The weak morning sunlight spilled over the bench and dead potted plant the roof was home to. Sherlock pulled John close and kissed his forehead, arranging them both in a loose hold, beginning to sway back and forth. Sherlock began to sing again, barely above a whisper.
John touched his lips to Sherlock's, then brushed them against Sherlock's cheekbones and his eyelids and then his brow. 'I know,' he said, holding Sherlock tightly for a brief moment.
‘Are we just going to ignore the fact you can walk without limping and your hand’s not shaking?’ he demanded after a couple of minutes of silence, as though it had been a great effort for him to hold back for that length of time.
‘Eight in total,’ Molly confirmed as they turned a corner onto a slightly narrower road, still bearing bomb damage over a decade old. Children with skinned knees ran in and out of the rubble, singing in high-pitched voices as they chased after one another.
‘You’re becoming hysterical,’ Sherlock interrupted. ‘I cannot think if you’re carrying on like this.’
‘Doctor Watson!’ Mrs Hudson called, looking giddy as she waved from her chair at the long table. ‘Come and join us!’
‘Kiss me,’ Sherlock begged, grasping John’s chin with sweaty fingers, pulling his face upwards. John closed his eyes and met Sherlock’s mouth, tongues pushing together, teeth clicking and catching on the tender skin of John’s inside lip. Sherlock sucked the blood away and began to move against John in earnest, establishing a rhythm that quickly grew in pace.
‘John,’ Mycroft said as John stumbled into the big house just in time to see Sherlock’s heels disappearing up the enormous carpeted stairs. John stuttered to a stop, eyebrows raising. He hadn’t been expecting Mycroft to be there, but then, Mycroft was usually where you least expected him to be. He looked as put together and serious as ever in his three-piece suit, despite the blistering heat both inside and outside the house. He turned to listen to Sherlock run up the stairs. Sweat had beaded on his brow. ‘I don’t suppose you can shed any light on why my brother looks as though he fell in the lake?’
‘I’m not sure it’s entirely proper to kiss one’s patients, Doctor Watson,’ Sherlock said with a wry smile when John pulled away with bloody lips.
The bell over the door rang again, John watching as a slight, dark-haired man walked over to the counter. There was a gale of laughter from the elderly women in the corner, causing Sherlock to glare at their backs.
‘Well, that’s something I’ve not seen in a while,’ Sherlock said with a bit of a laugh, sitting down at the long table, pulling a chair out for John.
‘What can I do? What can I do to make this right?’ Mycroft asked, his voice tinged with a hint of desperation.
‘You can tell me about your medical ambitions,’ Mycroft said, rocking up onto the balls of his feet, his fingers occupied with re-folding his handkerchief and placing it back in his breast pocket.
‘It’ll have to be without the sour, I’m afraid,’ John replied, smiling back. ‘There’s been a war on, you know.’
Sherlock laughed aloud. ‘I could break into the Old Bailey and destroy the files myself.’ The nails of his right hand bit into his palm.
Mycroft looked out of the window onto the busy London street. The sun shone. Pigeons pecked at crumbs on the pavement. Black taxis and red buses moaned their way along the road.
‘Everyone needs to be interviewed,’ Mycroft bit out, tightening his hand into a fist. ‘They cannot take one person’s testimony alone as gospel.’
‘I’m not a child!’ Sherlock exclaimed as he pulled onto the huge drive, parking the car next to Mycroft’s.
A half-smile pulled at Sherlock’s lips. ‘Doctors? Detectives?’ he said. ‘Well, good job we want nothing to do with people in return, then,’ he drawled, inhaling deeply from his cigarette as he stretched his legs out, languid, cat-like.
‘Ah, John, at last!’ Mycroft said with a wolf’s smile, his legs crossed as he lounged against the back of the sofa. ‘We were beginning to think you’d never make it.’
The living room was filled with the deep glow of sunset, long shadows dancing across it. Sherlock shut the door by leaning against it and let his jacket fall to the floor as he pulled John tight against him, fingers clenching and unclenching at the small of John’s back. John cradled the back of Sherlock’s head, holding Sherlock’s face against his neck. He brushed his nose and lips against Sherlock’s hairline, content to hold him close. It was several minutes before John moved first, bringing their mouths together, pulling Sherlock’s lower lip between his own. Sherlock’s answering gasp could just be heard over the sounds of merrymaking from outside.
‘I want you,’ Sherlock moaned quietly, pressing their bodies together tightly, kissing John again, slower this time, sucking on John’s bottom lip before licking his way into John’s mouth.
‘I don’t like the sound of this, Sherlock.’ John held tightly to the back of his chair, his mouth set in a grim, straight line.
‘Ten minutes. Reckon you can pick the lock to that hut down there?’ John nodded to the dark shape about twenty feet down the platform, towards the very end.
‘John!’ Sherlock cried, and he’d done it again, God only knew how John had done it again, managed to get him loose and calm and distracted and entirely unexpecting of what he knew, he
‘I’ll see you later on,’ he said, squeezing Sherlock’s waist before leaving the flat and jogging quickly down the stairs.
Mycroft Holmes turned the handle of his bone china teacup ninety degrees, the base of the cup making a scraping sound against its saucer. The heavy curtains shifted minutely in the barely-there summer breeze from the open French doors that led onto the balcony. Mycroft remained out of sight, just inside the hallway that came to a stop with the doors, but with a clear enough view of the large, deep fountain on the lawn. He lifted his teacup to his lips and watched as his brother approached the fountain, gripping an Erlenmeyer flask at its neck. A bead of sweat rolled down the back of Mycroft’s neck as he tilted his wrist and sipped his tea, which scalded his throat on its way down.
‘Tell me what you need,’ John said, moving his hand away from Sherlock’s neck and biting it again, shoving his hips against Sherlock’s arse again, making Sherlock cry out wordlessly. ‘Look at me, tell me what you need, Sherlock,’ he ordered, fisting his hand in Sherlock’s hair to turn his head. Sherlock shifted his unfocused gaze to John’s face and opened his mouth to speak but couldn’t quite find the words.
Six, seven, eight and nine all came straight after one another, brutally hard as Sherlock writhed and rutted and whined underneath John’s hand, underneath John’s hips. He moved his mouth to say the numbers but couldn’t get any sound out. Tears sprung to his eyes as John carried on anyway, blindingly fast, ten, eleven, twelve, then more and more and more and more and more and Sherlock gave a strangled half-scream as he came, shuddering hard underneath John.
, John’s nails were scraping at his pink skin again, hot and sharp and-- ‘Am I going to have to keep you still myself?’ John growled, his mouth against Sherlock’s ear, warm and wet, and Sherlock couldn’t help but shiver at his tone.
‘Yes, I’ll be coming to you in the future,’ Sherlock murmured, pouring the tea and putting a couple of sandwiches and a bun on a plate for John.
At that moment, Mrs Holmes and Lola walked into the room, both dressed for dinner. Lola was wearing a blue dress and had somehow managed to sneak some coral lipstick and pearl earrings past Mrs Holmes’s keen eye. Gilchrist bounded over to them whilst Mycroft did introductions and kissed both Mrs Holmes and Lola’s hands.
John procured lube from the bedside table and squeezed it awkwardly onto the hand that was inside Sherlock’s trousers, pulling his fingers out all the way, yes, yes, and God, no,
Gasping, Moriarty released the boy’s throat and sat back, his chest heaving. He gave himself a moment to recover and combed his hair back into place, staring up at the flickering fluorescent light overhead. He pulled out of the body on the floor and cleaned himself up with some tissue, buttoning his slacks up and tucking his shirt back in.
John remained still for a moment, staring at the calm-again surface of the fountain’s water as the sun beat down upon it. ‘Sherlock,’ he called, jogging to catch up. ‘Sherlock, I’m sorry.’
‘I don’t care,’ Sherlock murmured, a deep blush splashed high on his cheeks as he clumsily got down from the ladder and fastened his trousers. ‘I’m not ashamed, I don’t care,’ he said. ‘I won’t be made to feel ashamed.’
Their numbers marching forwards grew by the day. The formal ranks had broken up and had been replaced by soldiers, British and French, and refugees weaving between the traffic that drove slowly on to the salt-tainted air of the coast. John’s eyes were heavy with both boredom and exhaustion as they neared the end of a village. The discipline of the earlier march, when they were fewer in number, had disappeared almost entirely. As a result, John was stuck listening to Private Nettle set the world to rights.
John grabbed Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him wildly, forcing their bodies close together. Sherlock fell back to the bed, pulling John on top of him, spreading his legs, pulling John down further, closer.
, was usually anathema for Sherlock. He was too far gone now, though, and he needed John, he truly did.
‘Sherlock,’ John whispered, catching Sherlock’s sleeve, brushing his thumb across the bone that jutted out from Sherlock’s wrist. He took a deep breath. ‘It’s... it’s alright.’
Sherlock turned back to the window just in time to see John reach the end of the path. His easy mood vanished and nerves knotted in his chest as he and John looked at each other through the window. John smiled. Sherlock didn’t.
‘It’s only been a week,’ John said gently, gripping his stick tightly as Sherlock led the way towards the station’s exit.
John smiled. ‘I could always take you out on the lake after you’ve finished with dinner. Find you a wooden leg and a parrot from your grandmother’s taxidermy collection.’
‘Sherlock?’ John called, taking off his hat and jacket as he shut the front door behind him. ‘Sherlock!’
Sherlock did not arrive back home until late that evening. It being mid-March, the sky outside had long since gone dark and a chill had settled over London. John took his horn-rimmed reading glasses off at the sound of the door downstairs, pushing the newspaper he’d been pretending to read to one side. ‘Sherlock?’ he called, getting up to open their front door. ‘Sherlock, is that you?’
Sherlock pulled a face and looked around at the children running on the expanse of lawn that hadn’t been turned over to growing vegetables. A number of adults milled about, drinking something pale out of patterned glasses. Mrs Holmes handed Sherlock and John a glass before leading John over to where a group of adults stood clumped together. Sherlock left his glass on the drinks table, his eyes sweeping around the garden once more before resting where a tall, handsome-looking man stood, his ginger hair parted at one side, curling at the very edges. He had a neat moustache and kindly eyes and a large, easy smile.
‘Ooh, “fuck”? You must be angry,’ Sherlock said around his cigarette, looking altogether too pleased with himself.
‘Mrs Hudson will get it,’ Sherlock muttered against John’s lips, yanking John round by his hips and pressing against him from the waist down, giving his still-injured ribs room to breathe.
‘Jackson?’ Mycroft said as he sidestepped down the damp stone stairs of the boathouse a few minutes after Sherlock had been, holding his torch aloft. ‘Pierrot, are you down here?’ He sighed through his nose, dragon-like, when the light revealed only a cantankerous goose. He walked through the boathouse and began to pick his way up the rocky path on its opposite side.
‘Please, John,’ Sherlock said, a shudder running up his spine. ‘Please, John, spank me, hit me, mark me, make me yours, John, please.’
‘When do you go?’ John asked, though he knew the answer. ‘My God, it’ll be a happy day when I never have to ask you that again.’
‘See that you do,’ John murmured, and then his palm was flying into Sherlock’s arse again, and Sherlock
John stood rooted in place. His brain was unable to process the notion of running after so much time spent marching blindly forwards, always forwards. He took a gasping breath, his mind’s eye flashing to an image of Sherlock, twenty and haughty and perfect, waist-deep in the fountain of the big house. He closed his eyes and stood still. Sherlock, in ecstasy against the bookshelf; hands pressed to the back window of a police car, scared and shaken; awkward and bumbling in a hospital café; sleeping peacefully in his private, cosy flat; His Sherlock.
‘John pressed his lips together ever tighter as he inspected the body, turning Frederick’s hands over gently. ‘He put up a fight, though not much of one,’ John asserted, leaning forwards to examine the sticky blood matted into Frederick’s hair. ‘Whoever did this had to get rougher than he thought, but there aren’t really many defensive wounds elsewhere on his body.’
‘Kindly don’t remind me,’ Sherlock muttered, sipping his lukewarm tea. John smiled at the sour expression on Sherlock’s face and kissed his cheek.
‘Good,’ John murmured, landing the first blow, making Sherlock twist on the bed and yell. John was still sitting on the backs of his thighs, but it increased the pressure on his cock from where it was sandwiched between his own body and the mattress.
Mycroft looked down at the polished cherrywood and breathed out the smoke, dense grey clouds falling in faltering coughs from his lips.
‘And I you,’ Sherlock replied, touching John’s shoulder fleetingly. ‘Lestrade missed me too, has he?’ he asked as they began to walk towards the station’s exit in order to catch the overground from Euston Square.
Cheerful shouts rang out from the street outside their open window. The breeze sighed into the room and cooled their hot, damp skin, causing gooseflesh to form on John’s thighs and Sherlock’s forearms. Music began to play from somewhere a few doors down.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and leant against the door, trying to ignore the sick feeling the pain was giving him. The painkillers he’d been prescribed at the hospital were having little to no effect, most likely due to his previous abuse of such drugs at university.
‘Cook says ‘er cheesy leeks are ruined because of ‘im, though, Alice, and they’re my favourite!’ Mary argued, glaring at Sherlock from where she stood in a pretty dress on the back step, her hair combed and face thoroughly scrubbed.
‘We’re meeting at the pub, Lestrade said?’ Sherlock asked, already striding towards the exit of the station. John hurried to catch up.
‘I think they all are,’ John said, glancing up at Sherlock, his face concerned. ‘Uh... Mr. and Mrs Turner, this is Sherlock Holmes, Mrs Holmes’s youngest. Sherlock, Mr. and Mrs Turner, Frank’s parents.’
Sherlock reached forwards and grabbed John’s hand, wincing at the too-sudden movement he’d made. He squeezed John’s fingers tightly. ‘I love you,’ he said, pressing his lips to John’s fingertips, breathing in the carbolic scent of John’s freshly-washed hands.
Mycroft’s thin, false laugh rang out from around the corner, followed by a donkey-like hee-haw from whoever his dinner companion was. John took a step towards the library. They’d been in the library then, too, four years ago, one evening in late September. He walked through the door and shut it, his eyes drawn towards Sherlock, who was leaning against the heavy mahogany desk, the lamp that sat on it casting his face into shadow.
The noise on Baker Street was deafening. Tables and chairs had been pulled out of front doors, bunting hung between houses haphazardly, food made and plated and offered to everyone. Music blared loudly from somewhere and children wearing paper hats squealed as they ran along, chasing one another.
‘You ought to take care of that,’ John murmured, glancing up at Sherlock briefly before returning his eyes to Sherlock’s leg. ‘Wouldn’t want it to scar.’
‘Champion idiot,’ John said, kissing Sherlock’s chest as he eased Sherlock’s braces off his shoulders, unbuttoning his shirt and slipping the vest over his head. ‘Careful with your bruises.’
arguing. Sherlock immediately stilled. ‘That’s it,’ John whispered, running the rough, dry palm of his hand over Sherlock’s buttocks, rubbing in slow, lazy circles. ‘Gorgeous, Sherlock. That’s it. That’s it, there’s a good boy,’ he purred, keeping his hands running over Sherlock’s arse as he kissed his way down Sherlock’s spine, open-mouthed, leaving a wet trail behind him. ‘Such a good boy, that’s it, nice and still,’ he whispered, gently squeezing Sherlock’s bum before he began to kiss that, too, gentle and warm.
'Mr. Holmes!' The girl who was manning the hatch controlling entry into the hut raised her eyebrows in surprise. 'We're not expecting you until tomorrow morning, I thought you were meant to be in London?'
Despite John’s best efforts, frustration and ennui set in and Sherlock left London the following morning, a day early. The rest of the day, after his bath, was spent sitting in the living room window, smoking his way through a pack of cigarettes. He would have caught a train back to Bletchley save for the fact it was Easter Monday and there weren't any passenger trains running at all. Sherlock packed quickly on the Tuesday morning, kissed John's troubled face, and arrived back at the Park at one pm, just in time to eat whatever slop was being served in the dining hall.
‘You owe me a shilling, Watson,’ Sherlock said, grinning and taking the bottle of ale that was pushed into his hands, swigging from it. ‘I’m not the one who cocked that up.’
John woke to a series of intermittent taps at his bedroom window. Frowning, he rolled onto his side and squinted at the numbers on his alarm clock. It read ten to two in the morning. Being on early shifts for the week, he’d been asleep for some time, ready to go into work for six.
‘What are you doing here, Victor?’ John asked once they were standing opposite each other in the living room, still covered in Sherlock’s mess that John hadn’t got round to tidying up yet. Victor removed his sodden hat and glanced around, taking in the various bits of furniture and knick-knacks before answering.
Moaning, Sherlock shook his head, his fingers playing at the edge of the scar. ‘No,’ he said. ‘It’s interesting and... and good, and part of you.’ He let his hand drop down John’s chest and moved it to wrap around his own cock, closing his eyes tightly as he applied a tight pressure.
‘It’s rather fitting, isn’t it? Disappearing all of a sudden... it’s almost like it was never there.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Sherlock whispered, eyes shut in pain. ‘I’m sorry, I tried... I’ve loved you for every second since I last saw you and I tried...’
‘I won!’ Sherlock cried defensively, wincing as his lip began to bleed again. John pushed Sherlock into the living room none too gently, ignoring the grimace from Sherlock at the sudden pressure from his hand.
Checking his watch (twenty-five past twelve), John glanced up and smiled when he saw Sherlock walking towards him. He was a distance away yet but his stride and coat were unmistakable amongst the crowd against the backdrop of the row of shops. John stood and held his hand up to attract Sherlock’s attention, waving.
‘I asked you a question,’ John growled, pinching Sherlock’s side, sinking his teeth into Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock swallowed, gasping for breath, unable to keep still, wanting to think, to rationalise this. Christ, mild-mannered John Watson was an
‘Five years without so much as a bloody scratch and now this,’ Sherlock said, laughing weakly, grunting when a fresh wave of pain hit him.
‘Absolutely,’ John replied, grinning. Sherlock rapped on the door, which was opened a second later by Alice, who’d clearly hurried from the kitchen to let them in.
The blackout provided adequate cover for the simultaneous gut-twisting shame and heart-racing thrill Sherlock felt as he walked through London’s streets. He was sure his ill deeds were written all over his face as he headed back towards the comfort and safety that was 221b.
Sherlock grimaced when John dabbed gently at the blood around the cut on his cheek with the wet cloth.
‘So are you, Doctor.’ Victor smiled. ‘And I’ll do my utmost.’ He shook John’s hand again. ‘Look after him, John.’
They both looked at each other for a moment before Sherlock’s dirty face and John’s clean one split into (slightly hysterical) grins. John’s shoulders shook with laughter and Sherlock wheezed as he tried to join in.
Letting another small whimper escape, Sherlock sank into the mattress, his bones taking on the consistency of melted wax as John continued to stroke and kiss and murmur gently. He pulled against his restraints to test them and shivered and hissed when he found he was completely unable to move his hands.
John had allowed Sherlock to talk again directly after he’d taken great pleasure in ordering creamed spam casserole for Sherlock at lunch. Sherlock spent most of the meal glowering at the cold, congealed sauce on his plate, but accepted his punishment as fair and didn’t attempt to embarrass John any further that afternoon. They’d spent the time ambling around the town, going in and out of shops, using up Sherlock’s sweet ration on some hard-boiled, floral-tasting sweets (Sherlock’s choice) and buying a few magazines for Mrs Hudson from the newsagent’s. Both of them were bored out of their minds, and though neither one of them said it, it was achingly obvious.
, that hurt, and he wanted more, more of everything, more of John, more of John’s hand, more friction to his aching cock as he bucked off the bed and writhed, crying out in pain and need. ‘Please!’ he howled, the word forcing itself past his lips, ‘Please, John, please, please,
‘Kiss me,’ Sherlock demanded, eyes half-lidded as he gazed up at John, lust-drunk and pink-cheeked and beatific. ‘Kiss me.’
Mrs Hudson patted his back soothingly and put the bottle of milk that had been sitting on the counter since John had left for work back in the fridge. ‘When’s Doctor Watson due home, dear?’
‘Hmm.’ Sherlock stepped into a corner of the room and held his torch up high to illuminate as much as possible as he looked round. Along with storing the pub’s stock, the cellar also seemed to serve as an air raid shelter, with a bunk bed resting against one wall and a low table with a game of snakes and ladders laid out next to it. Mugs hung on nails in the brick wall and a knitting bag sat in a lumpy-looking chair.
‘Yes,’ he said, not looking at Sherlock, instead pretending to be interested in reading the headings in the newspaper upside-down. ‘We are going to ignore it, if you don’t mind.’
His skin burnt and tingled when John took his hand away after a minute. ‘Mmm, John,’ he moaned, crying out wordlessly, his body jerking desperately when John grabbed a handful of reddened skin and dug his nails in.
‘No, no, don’t fight me,’ Moriarty whispered, his tone as though he was speaking to a child. He thrust up harshly, grabbing Freddie’s wrists with one hand when his struggling intensified. ‘Now now,’ Moriarty ground out, sweat beading at his temples and pouring down the back of his neck as he fought to keep Freddie in place. ‘I’ve heard this is how they do it in New York. Close your eyes, just like flying,’ he purred, squeezing harder with his hand.
Shaking his head, Sherlock pulled John into another kiss, biting at his lips. 'I love you,' he moaned, falling back onto the bed. 'I never said it and I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'
‘I wouldn’t.’ John held Sherlock’s arm out and kissed his way from Sherlock’s elbow up to the soft skin just below his armpit.
Sherlock watched as John nodded and walked over to the nearest wounded person, whose arm was bleeding freely through her cardigan. He bent to kneel next to her and rested a comforting hand lightly on her back. ‘Don’t be alarmed,’ Sherlock heard him say. ‘I’m a doctor. I can help.’
‘It’s very nice here,’ John said, peering at the window displays of the chemist’s and the post office and the hardware shop, all packed tightly together, people in smart daywear going in and out of the shops around them. ‘Nothing like London.’
It was another nice day after last night’s rain and just enough light crept in through the boarded-up windows for there to be no need to have the electric light on overhead. The water splashed as Sherlock brought one knee up to his chest and sipped his coffee, closing his eyes whilst he drank.
care about polite, you can't just tell someone you're coming to lunch and then not turn up on time, it could ruin the dinner and there are--' John whimpered as Sherlock tightened his hand around John's arousal, his mouth moving back to the scar, '--there are --
‘That’s it, guv,’ John heard Nettle say, as though from far away. A blanket was brought up, enough to cover his shoulders. ‘You go to sleep. Don’t worry about a thing. It’s all going to be alright. Everything’s going to be fine.’
‘Oh, good.’ They set off down the main road, heading for the nearby residential streets. ‘I was worried you would be. I was slightly delayed at home.’
They referred to the first time John had gone away for university, when an even more graceless and awkward Sherlock had backed John into the library and kissed him desperately before running outside and not speaking to John until two months later, when they’d both been home for Christmas.
A young woman tightened her grip on her son’s hand and looked at John and Sherlock, seemingly horrified.
‘Yes, I must,’ John replied, squeezing Sherlock’s arms. He kissed Sherlock’s lips. ‘Always busy, these days.’
‘I love you,’ John breathed, cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands and pressing soft kisses to Sherlock’s mouth.
‘Well, don’t.’ John stopped, his breath coming short. He pulled his tin hat off to let his head breathe and turned his face towards the sun, pushing his sweaty, dirty hair back off his face.
‘I have a number of theories,’ Sherlock said, standing and hanging on to the overhead bar in their carriage, talking over John’s head to his own reflection in the carriage window as the train lurched on to East London.
