” he says, voice breaking at the end.
Jack makes a burbling noise of agreement. Cas spots the Bullwinkle plush that Dean gifted him as a joke at Sam’s expense and tucks that into the crook of Jack’s arm. Jack squeals in joy and clutches the toy tight, cooing sleepily at it.
“Yes,” Cas responds absently, busy with trying to pry the straw from Jack’s mouth. “I still don’t see why cycling bothers you - it’s a perfectly eco-friendly and economical mode of - ”
Jack frowns.  “But Daddy told me he’s making something special for dinner.  He said so when he took me to school this morning.”
Dean looks both ways and jaywalks across the street before answering.  “Gotta get some medicine.”
He loves his family and his children are his world but Claire and Jack have always had each other and Gabriel, Anna and Anael are more self-sustained than he is.
Claire’s helping set the table for dinner while Cas blanches broccoli and carrots on the stove, Carole King playing softly in the background, Jack chasing after the cat in the den.
“Don’t mean you gotta act like her.”
Dean clears his throat, awkward.
“I’ll be right outside,” Cas says, picking up the laptop, oblivious to the sudden spike of panic those words send through Dean. “I need to debrief with Mia.”
“Claire,” he replies, equally serious. “We can all do whatever you like next weekend. Or even tomorrow. We can all drive down to the city and go bowling, how about that?”
His hands twitch, itching to do something. He tries to placate the strange feeling by shooting off a quick text to Claire but that’s not even close to enough to stem the nameless fight-or-flight response he’s having in this cozy little house.
“Can I see it?”
She considers him.  Gets up, dusts off her jeans.  “Yeah, c’mon.  I’ll show you.”
She glares at him, disgusted.  “You scared him.”
Lisa followed him out of the car and stepped right behind him when he unlocked the door to their house, but even if he loved her, he just wasn't up for anything she had in mind.
Dean's mouth snapped shut immediately, and he had to swallow hard, before he was able to speak again.
"Your eyes."
"Dean, if you wanna talk-"
Huh. Dean wasn't sure why, but his voice sounded much colder than before. Just being reminded of what he'd witnessed in church this morning made his blood boil and he clenched his hands to fists. Lisa gave him an eyeroll, before she opened the fridge to get out a bottle of water.
If he wasn't before, Dean was actually impressed now and let his hand glide over the couch carefully. It felt soft, and Dean was sure it wasn't used much yet, because it looked completely new.
Castiel smiles, one of those little smiles that make Deans heart jump every time. "Let them try." He cups Deans cheek again, slower than before. This time, Dean leans into his touch with a deep and shaky breath. His eyes fall shut and he shivers, his skin feels like it's on fire where Castiel touches him.
The hunter breathes in sharply, but as soon as his mouth is near Castiels skin again, his tongue flicks out and he moans by the taste of his angel. His fingers fumble with Cas' jeans button, but he's too impatient, so he just rips it open, which brings him another deep moan from Cas.
dark for once, and he looked more refreshed than he had in weeks, which was good enough for now.
With a frustrated groan, he turned the music's volume up completely and took the glass, just to empty it once again with one big gulp. His eyes were prickling and his hands were shaking almost uncontrollably, but luckily, the alcohol helped him keep his emotions at bay, helped him to relax. If he'd get drunk just this one day, especially when he'd just stay inside wouldn't hurt anyone, would it?
Castiel sighed, and Dean felt bad again immediately.
"A way to... to be with you."
Almost instantly, Dean regretted calling her, but he knew that she wouldn't stop asking, now that she knew something was wrong.
"Son of a..." Dean whispers and follows Cas in silence, his hands still clenched in anger about himself.
"Hey dad, I wanted to talk to mom. Is she there?"
Dean swallowed, but nodded once and opened his mouth, but no words came out. He started to feel dizzy, so he was sure he was hyperventilating, but even though he wanted to, he couldn't stop it.
"I'm still not going back," he mumbled instead, his eyes still closed and his voice a little hoarse, so he cleared his throat quickly."Listen Charlie, I get that you're worried, and that you just want the best for me, but a shrink just isn't something for me, alright?"
"Birds. Outside, I mean. The- the coffee machine. My heartbeat."
"You know what I mean, Dean. You can feel it too." Castiel drops the bag on the bed and takes some slow steps in Deans direction. "You can feel it, and I know it. I'm human now, so I understand what it means. Human feelings still confuse me, but this - this is real. This is PURE." The ex-angel stands in front of Dean now, raising his hand and putting it on his arm.
"Uh… thanks, I guess," Dean mumbled and opened his eyes slowly, squinting as the sun that was shining through the window now hit him. When he turned his head to look at his phone, he almost choked on his own tongue when he saw that they had been talking for 43 minutes already.
"Shut up, I'll find a way. I'll find a way for everything..." Deans voice already drifts off, but he fights against the sleep.
Dean starts grinning a bit, but then he leans down with another sudden move and playfully bites into Castiels neck. Cas rears up and whimpers after, feeling his cock twitch inside of his jeans. "Dean, it hurts..." he wails, feeling how his dick wants to get out of the fabric.
"Hey, don't talk about her like that."
"That bad?"
"The couch. Uh… my- my jeans."
Castiels eyes grow wide, but he nods and opens the bottle, spilling some of the liquid on his fingers. "Like this?"
"Nobody."
"Feel what?" The hunters voice is tense, his heart racing in his chest. No, he's not feeling it. He's denying it. Denying it for so long.
At first, Dean thought that his mother actually didn't care, but when he got older, he noticed all those little things. How she flinched whenever John stepped close to her, how she always tried to please him, no matter how bad she felt. Basically, his childhood was a nightmare, but luckily, he got out. His life now was much better, even though he still had nightmares from time to time. When that happened, Lisa was always there to calm him down. She told him that it's okay, that it's not his fault and that he was out of there, but the sour taste in his mouth didn't go away. When the nightmares were really bad, he used to call his mom, no matter what time it was, just to check if she was okay.
Sam smiled for just a second, then clapped Dean on the shoulder and disappeared into the bathroom,
"That's great sweetie, but how about we skip the part where you lie to me, I pretend I don't notice, but then you tell me anyway, hm?"
"Sorry. Wanna talk about it?"
fucking with him, at least she did her research. He lifted his hand and pressed the bell, just one time, and waited.
"That's my shampoo."
Castiel chuckled quietly and his hands drifted from Dean's shoulders down his arms and to his elbows, until he pulled them away completely.
"Yeah, sure he is. By the way, what's with his name? Sounds weird to me."
"Dean? Dean!"
"A- a glass table. Coffee cups. A- a white shelf. A desk."
For a second Dean's hand stilled, but this was already enough for Sam to notice.
"When I did some research about the human sexuality, I've seen this too, yes." Cas takes the bottle hesitantly, looking at it, then back at Dean. "How... do I use this?"
Deans hands slide across Castiels skin like it's something he has done a thousand times before already and a smile spreads on his lips. Everything feels natural, everything feels like it's meant to be.
Sam's voice was half mocking, half serious, and Dean just rolled his eyes and took a sip of his coffee, before he was able to answer at all.
"Hmm, don't be back too late, 'kay?"
Dean was sure his surprise was visible on his face, judging by how the corner of Castiel's mouth turned up.
Dean bit his bottom lip, wondering if he really had been as rude as Charlie said, but before he could come to a conclusion, Charlie spoke again.
She lifted her hand and carefully put it on Dean's forehead, but he pushed it away and opened the door of the car to get out.
Dean blinked a few times and shook his head, before he turned to look at Lisa. Clearly, she had been trying to talk to him for a while now, her face said it all.
Dean raised an eyebrow at first, because since when did she ask to go out? He looked her up and down just once, but then couldn't hold back the little smirk that started to spread on his lips.
"Sure, I'm - I'm happy."
As soon as Dean starts moving his head, the former angels head drops back at the pillows and a moan escapes him, the loudest until now. He feels like he wants to explode, feels like Dean has the power to let him and put everything together at once.
Cas hisses, his teeth clenched and his jaw tense. His eyes are closed and he tries to process all the feelings, tries to understand them.
As soon as he was sitting in his car, his hand flew down on the steering wheel, hard enough that there was a cracking noise, but Dean didn't care. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and thought about calling Charlie, but he knew that the only thing she'd do was to make him apologize to that asshole, so he typed a short message instead, which said
"Fine, fine. Let's do that shit. But if it still doesn't work out like that, it'll be the last time."
"Shit, won't last long like that..." Dean huffs out and tries to pull his waist back a bit, but Cas immediately follows and starts to kiss down Deans neck.
Lisa knew about almost everything, knew how he and Sam got treated in their childhood, how their dad used to come home late at night, completely drunk, just to beat the shit out of them. Of course, Dean always took the hits to protect his brother, but he never understood how his mom didn't seem to care at all. When they were alone at home one night, he tried to talk to her, tried to tell her what's happening in their house when she was sleeping, but she just brushed it off and told him to 'stop spreading lies'.
"You - you mean Castiel's mom? Sorry, but I pass."
"It'd be nice if you could write it down. Please."
"How d'you know what I was thinking?"
Dean's eyebrow shot up with the last sentence and he opened his mouth, but nothing came out. He knew that Charlie just wanted to help him, wanted for his fucked up mind to get some peace, but he knew that was something he wouldn't get in near future, if ever.
"Do you... need help? With... packing stuff?" Deans voice sounds tense, just like his whole body is.
With that, Dean ended the call and put the phone back on his nightstand before he slumped down in his bed once more. He realized that for once, he hadn’t been woken up by a nightmare. As he sat up slowly, he noticed that he definitely must've had one, though. Judging by the wet shirt that was clinging to his chest and his damp hair, anyway, but even though he tried, he couldn't remember a single thing. His gaze wandered to the clock on his nightstand, which told him it was 7:18 in the morning. Surprised that he got a little more than four hours of sleep, he got out of bed and snatched some halfway-presentable clothes out of his closet before he made his way down the hallway and to the shower.
"B-blue," he pressed out, his voice way too high.
Dean's head snapped up and his whole body tensed immediately, the anxiety that he'd had before coming back with a force that almost gave him whiplash.
"Dean, are you having another panic attack?"
Castiel smiled, but his eyes showed that something about Dean's reaction was bothering him.
The hunter sits up with a sudden move, which gives him a confused look by the man next to him, but as soon as Dean pulls his own shirt over his head, Cas smiles and mimics the movements, so that both of them are shirtless within seconds.
"I still just want to help, Dean."
Castiels eyes grow wide and all the sensations push him over the edge too, Deans voice, the feeling of Deans orgasm, Deans words. His head falls forwards, right against the hunters collarbone again and he mumbles Deans name over and over, not even stopping when the waves of pleasure start to fade.
«You drive» he was slurring, «take me for a drive» and in saying so held out his keys, and Cas took them.
Cas nods knowingly, and turns to the side window, and feels the warm air on his face.
In the early morning, still dark outside, Dean and Sam wake up and pack everything to get back on the road. Dean leaves the room first carrying his bag on the shoulder. Crossing the door into the chilly wet morning air he turns to the empty formica chair, just a moment. After loading the car he gets in the driver's seat, just now he hesitates with his hands mid air above the wheel. Last night isn't that far away,
Sam looks up at him «It's a soft drink... It's sweet.»
He puts his hand back on the wheel and his eyes on the road, and his expression starts to relax.
The car back between two parking lines, the angel back on the formica chair, the hunter back in the motel room.
«I had to fight my way out of there, holding your soul tight to me.»
«I'm sorry, I didn't mean to upset you.» and Castiel's voice shifts to a certain firmness in adding « Maybe we should go back to the motel»
«What is "diet mountain dew"?» asks Cas, turning just slightly to his right, but still watching the fields passing by out the window.
« no» Dean still couldn't breath. « don't- don't. keep driving» every word was ripping breath off his chest he didn't know he could ever get back.
Dean’s inexplicably nervous. It must be obvious because Cas takes his hand and gently tugs him down the hall to Jack’s room.
They get to the part where the hapless magician turns the unicorn human in order to save her from the red bull. The unicorn is distraught, cries that she can feel her human body dying.
Dean makes sure Jack isn’t looking his way before he shoots her the middle finger.
“No big,” she shrugs, poking absently at a drooping sunflower resting in the butt-ugly handmade vase that passes as the table’s centrepiece.
Claire swallows against the bitter lump in her throat.  “Yeah, sure.”  She looks away.
was clearly poison.”
Even with that less-than-stellar reputation, the bolder men came calling for Anna Milton for she was as beautiful as the day was long with her fine bones and red hair and the sorrow that hung over her like a widow’s veil - the most beautiful girl in the whole town. She never turned any of them away but, while she took a few to bed, neither did she grace them with her true affections. A handful of them died young under strange circumstances as men were wont to do in those days and while you could never prove that Anna had done anything to those poor boys, she gained a certain reputation.
a car.
Dean opens his mouth to argue then thinks better of it.  “Sure, bud.  My mistake.”
Agent Page smiles charmingly at him.
Claire pulls into Rita’s parking lot and turns around in her seat.  “You’ll be singing a different tune when you get to be my age, buddy.”
Bobby’s office door is open but Cas still raps softly on the frame out of politeness. Bobby’s sat behind his desk, frowning at something on his comically ancient desktop computer, pecking away at the keyboard with one finger. He’s got his other arm wrapped securely around Jack who’s babbling into the receiver of Bobby’s equally archaic rotary phone.
- why does he have homework?
It’s been this way as far back as he can remember. In summers gone by, Anna used to find him curled up asleep between the same two roots Jack’s currently cuddled up to. She’d sit beside him and stroke his hair and whisper stories to him in Enochian, tales of ancient warrior-healers who fought on the side of justice and for the innocent and smote those who committed evil. Of their immense wings capable of bearing them great distances in the blink of a human eye.
Dean deludes himself all the way through helping Cas with the garden - raking leaves into a small pile for Jack to ecstatically jump into, sending a riot of color into the air - and through to finishing up dinner prep while Cas gives Jack a bath. He’s got dinner all served up and goes to see what the hold up is. He ends up leaning against the bathroom door, watching Cas and Jack reading aloud from a waterproof bath book, a story about a rabbit that’s in desperate need for bath time.
The bar Claire takes him to isn’t like their usual dives.  It’s clean and well-lit and looks like an off-brand TGIF.  Hell, there’re seven year old twins coloring in a booth while their parents split a pitcher.  It’s why he feels okay abandoning her out front where she’s texting Cas about their whereabouts and pushes into the bar.
But she holds his gaze, unblinking, unchallenging.
“I’ll drive you guys back.”
“Dean - ”
“Ow!”
to stay here, he
“So,” Mr Gallagher says, while making change.  “You must be Jack’s…?”
Dean squeezes back.
“Jack?” Dean mutters, shock slowly giving way to confusion then anger on his face.  “Someone mind telling me what the
Jack gasps, hands coming up to cover his mouth.
Claire tilts her head, finally graces the bartender with a smile.  “Thanks.”  She grabs her beer and the nachos and gets up.  “We’re gonna head on to that booth on the far end.  Stool’s not the most comfortable and my daddy’s back’s not what it used to be.”
Claire stalks off.
Castiel raises a skeptical brow but lets him at it.
“My name?” the agent says with a laugh to fill in the awkward pause. “Call me Dean.”
Jack bounces up on the mattress and grabs Castiel’s hand. “Can you make them into stars, please?”
It's the shorter of the two agents that had visited Anael at the house yesterday afternoon - the one who unnerved Castiel, made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. It was inexplicable, the way he got Castiel’s back up, and Castiel wanted him out of their lives immediately.
“Whuzzat?”
“Excuse me?”
I had to cut out a few things that I wanted to mention here since it's a bit of a plot hole - Cas and Jack never have to worry about money because Auntie Rowena provides. There’s a music box on Cas’s dresser that just has an unending supply of cash.  Not entirely relevant but it makes me laugh.
“Bye!” Jack says, waving at her.
Re: Kaia and Claire - I know we want them to be UHaul lesbians but I think it's more realistic for them to have fights about Claire's hunting/response to her trauma and Kaia's trauma/desire to be normal. Other than that, I implied that Claire is much better at building connections with other hunters than either Winchester and she plays up every other hunter's assumption that she's Dean's kid to her advantage until it's not. The epitome of sowing and reaping LOL.
Agent Page must see it on his face because he, surprisingly enough, backs off. “Look,” he says, raising both hands in mock surrender. “How ‘bout I come over to your house tomorrow morning and talk to you where it’s more private?”
“He won’t harm the children,” he says, firm, trying to convince her and - to some extent - himself. “I didn’t sense that from him.”
“Daddy’s happy when you’re here.”
“Jack?” Dean says again, running to one end of the aisle, panicked, when he hears a shout from behind him.
He winces at her heavy handedness. “I can finish up, if you’d like to go shower.”
“It’s good for him,” Cas says, defensiveness creeping into his tone. “There are things he needs to work through and, even though I dearly wish I could help him with it, there are some things that are just beyond my ability.”
“What man!” Jack yells, pulling at his sister’s arm.
They careen into an end table, overturning two ficuses and a fishbowl of seashells.  There’s a resounding crash, glass, soil, pottery shards scattering everywhere.
Dean feels like he’s been smacked upside the head with a two-by-four.  He swallows around the lump in his throat.  “I miss him too, kid,” he finally manages.
Claire spares a glance at Jack via the rearview mirror as she turns into the main road.  “We’re headed to Rita’s, bud, and she usually doesn’t carry that.  Maybe you can pick something else when we get there?”
He opens his eyes and looks at her.  “Down that way, you said?”
much when you’re not here.  Are you staying this time?”
“There’s bubbles!”
He made his way up the weatherbeaten front steps, opened the front door, planted a kiss on Jack’s forehead and walked into the start of the rest of their lives.
She rolls her eyes. “Stop being hysterical.”
Two pairs of bright blue eyes look his way.
Castiel trips over air. “Excuse me?”
But he can’t help himself.  He looks back up, just like Orpheus. because he’s only human, as the saying goes.
“Is this it?” This can’t be it. “All that stuff you said, back at the bunker with Billie and the Empty - what was all that?”
Dean groans quietly and smacks his head on the steering wheel.
Curse her Midwestern manners else she’d be telling this lady to fuck off.
hangs up on him.
“It’s always been better than yours.”
He opens his mouth, reply at the ready but something stops the words from coming out. He frowns.
But Jack isn’t his and Dean’s made it clear that he’s painfully heterosexual - so Cas is content to just tuck all that longing deep inside and only take it out in the dark of night when he’s alone in bed, trying too hard not to think about how it hews too close to his lonely teenage years, dreaming of happy families and making it out whole.
He blinks, taken aback by her friendliness. “Uh, sure.”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean shrugs.  He’s up, he’s probably not gonna be able to go back to sleep, and as long as there’s coffee, there’s no point in delaying the inevitable.  He rubs the sleep from his eyes, surreptitiously sniffs himself, decides that he can skip showering for the moment and pushes the covers off.
“I really gotta go but tell Cas and Jack to call me when they can, okay?”
They glare at each other, bristling and aggrieved in the way of siblings.
Castiel makes sure to hold Agent Page’s gaze. “Yes,” he says, taking a moment to relish the stupefied look that crosses the agent’s face before adding, sarcastically, “a couple of times, at least.”
Dean kisses him then, overjoyed. Cas huffs out a laugh into his mouth. It’s nothing like sparks and fireworks and the world bursting out into song. Instead, it’s a homecoming. He’s home now.
cats,” she whines, aggrieved. “Uncle Gabriel said so. That’s why they aren’t pets.”
Jack gasps, then giggles.  “That’s a bad word.”
“Claire?” she hears Cas call from inside the house.  “Who’s at the door?” he says, voice coming closer.
He chances a glance out the window as he’s marinating some chicken and he sees that Cas and Jack have woven the tulips into flower crowns and are wearing them as they nap beneath the drooping branches of a willow tree.  Cas has Jack wrapped up in his cardigan and the wind blows gently across the garden, swaying leaves casting gentle shadows across their faces.
“Dean - ” Cas starts, something of the old divine conviction in his posture.
She rolls her eyes at him.  “Butt out.”
Jack’s shoulders are wracked with the tears he’s trying to hold back.
Castiel bends down and gingerly cradles the squash in both arms.
Agent Page gets in his personal space, tries for menacing, but Castiel can sense his slight hesitation and decides to throw caution to the wind. Agent Page is handsome and he smells good and Castiel hasn’t been this close to a man in a very long time - barring that unfortunate incident with old Mr Wisniewski dropping trou and showing him that wart on his groin. He can at least have some fun while going along with Anael’s scheme. “Would you like some coffee?”
Cas reads Kelly’s message and sighs.
“Mm-hmm,” she says, as she gets out and goes to unbuckle him from his carseat.  “We’ll see about that!”  She tickles him and he squirms in her arms, squealing and laughing his little head off until he’s upside down.
“Don’t you fucking shush me! You’re the crazy person who’s left his kids alone with a man who wants to throw us into Guantanamo!”
“I see you’ve had the pleasure of making Addison Parker’s acquaintance.”
The townspeople remember Anael Milton as being as beautiful as her Aunt Anna and as devil-may-care as her Uncle Gabriel - the girls they’d grown up with had breathed a collective sigh of relief when she’d decided to leave town - the boys decidedly less so.
The FBI agent was back.
What is he doing here anyway? Claire’s right. What does he think this will accomplish? Closure? For who? Cas clearly doesn’t need it. It really boils down to his own selfishness. His own weakness.
“If you’re mad about him keeping this from you, I can’t speak to that.”  She leans forward, earnest.  “I found them by accident, okay?  I wasn’t supposed to but,” here she shrugs, sips at her beer, continues, voice soft.  “I always wanted a little brother.”
“I ain’t your secretary!” she yells back but comes over and takes Cas by the elbow anyway. “You want a Coke?”
.  (Insert millennial looks at house they'll never be able to afford joke here.)
She waves at him but thankfully follows Castiel’s instructions and stomps away. He makes sure she’s all the way in the shop’s back room before her turns back and regards the agent, placidly asking, “What can I do for you, Agent Page?”
“Can I have some?” Jack shouts, holding out his hands.
the weak one?”
Dean doesn’t know how to respond.  Thankfully he’s interrupted by his phone buzzing where he’s left it on the dash.  He glances over and it’s Cas.
He’d worked out a system with Sam, Jack’s biological father’s long-suffering intern/PA/gofer, in the short months since Jack’s birth and Luke Morningstar quietly threatening to sue Kelly for custody. They used to text each other a time and place on handoff days - never in their employer’s places of residence, mind - and sometimes Sam even had time to share a cup of coffee and bitch about his employer.
“Nothing,” he finally says, looking down at where he’s fiddling with a weed.  “Thank you, Dean.  Jack told me he had a wonderful day.”  He looks up and smiles softly.
That shocks Agent Page into laughter. It’s a nice sound.
Dean’s jaw clenches. “What about you? Are you happy I’m here?”
Dean startles when Cas presses up against his side to take Jack from him.  Cas is a warm presence against his chest, smelling faintly like lemons and baby powder.  Dean resists the urge to breathe him in.  Cas trades him Jack for a vat of coffee, pressing the mug into Dean’s palm.
He laughs, smooths back her hair. “You don’t have to like the same things Jack likes. That’s perfectly fine.”
Cas is openly crying now. “Aren’t you?”
“Yeah, well, here I am.”
them to stick around.
“You’ve been in here a good half hour,” Dean teases.
“Good.”
Cas will look shyly back at him and, very tentatively, hook his pinky over Dean’s thumb.
Cas tilts his chin up.  “Hmm.”
“Claaaaire,” Jack whines. “We should tell daddy what we did and then maybe he’ll let Dean stay!”
Dean’s jaw clenches. He wants Cas to look at him but Cas adamantly refuses to. He’s washing his hands, slow and methodical.
It’s an extra fifteen minutes while Cas makes sure that Jack’s snug in his seat to his exacting specifications and then there’s another five minutes’ worth of back and forth ‘i love yous’ and ‘have a good days’ and ‘be safe’.
“Do you
Cas dries his hands on a bright yellow towel. There’s little bees embroidered on one side. He folds it fastidiously and hangs it back on its hook. “Not when you’re like this,” he says, still refusing to look at Dean. “Not when you scare Jack.”
“Do you like dogs?” Claire asks, serious as a funeral.
“Mighty kind of ya,” Dean says while nodding thanks at the old guy.
Dean ducks his head and lets out a laugh.  Unbelievable.
And for the first time in his life, he thinks he’s allowed.
He counts it as a minor victory.
Jack beams at Agent Page. “Thank you!”
Cas hesitates and in the ensuing silence, Claire makes up his mind for him.  “It’s 3 miles away, what’s the worst that can happen?”
Agent Page blinks, flustered. “Uh, yeah, no. That’s not something I go around showing little kids.”
“Sure,” Dean says, and walks away.
Other irrelevant things: as I was writing this, I pictured Dean growing out his hair from the pseudo-military buzzcut to longer mountain man (S16! lol) style. Cas I pictured as S4!waif Cas cos the contrast between the two amuses me. But picture whatever you like!
“No, not like in Bullitt,” Agent Page says, showing more animation than he’s displayed in all their encounters. “McQueen drove a ’68 Mustang. My baby ain’t no Ford. She’s a ’67 Impala. And aren’t you guys a little too young to be watching Bullitt?”
“It’s okay,” Jack says, finally looking his way. “I’ll teach you!”
“What man?” Jack asks again.
“Shit,” he says out loud.
Jack smiles up at him.  “Oh, good.”
They finally make it to the front of the line and Dean juggles trying to get his wallet out, keeping a firm hold of Jack and wrestling the toy from Jack’s grip.  The old man behind the counter smiles kindly at him.
Jack shrugs. “Okay.”
It’s why he’s stayed away.  Kept themselves hidden.
“Here,” Dean says, kneeling down and taking the cone from Jack.  “Drink some of this water and then once it’s all gone, we can use it to make a sandcastle.”
“Well, yes,” Cas blinks at him.
Jack giggles.
Claire spies a stuffed toucan that’s seen much better days on said table. “Uh huh.  This kid marking her territory or what?  I don’t think she’s come over and not left something behind.”
“Come stir this,” she bosses, leaving him to oversee the cauldron steaming away on the tabletop. She surveys their herb library, finds the wild celery and empties a whole jarful into a mortar.
That’s cold.
“My point exactly,” Dean says, smug, as he nods goodbye to his coworkers.
Dean is shocked still and then he softens.  He hugs Jack back as best as he can with the car seat in the way.  “I’ve missed you too.”
Cas reaches out and squeezes his hand in reassurance, graces him with a smile.
He herds his children back into the house, throwing one last look over his shoulder. Dean is staring straight at him and their eyes catch, hold, and then Dean looks away, focus back on Anael.
“I miss you
“Word of advice,” Jo says, popping open a can of Coke and blatantly ignoring the green painter’s tape with PROPERTY OF ASH stuck to its side. “You gotta put him in his place early else he’ll think he’s the boss of you when you get married.”
“I can’t allow you to hurt him,” Cas says, tentative, hand coming up to cover Dean’s white-knuckled grip on the sink, trying to soothe the hurt of his words. “Not anymore.”
“Oh,” Alice says, glow dimming a little.  “Well,” she rallies, “let me know if you need anything.”
Dean looks away, scratches the back of head.  “So,” he says, “got the kid back in one piece.”
Dean immediately puts the car back in neutral.  “‘Course not.”
“See?”  Dean says, as he puts the car in reverse.  “We’re all good here.”
“As she told you, she left him because he hit her and we haven’t seen him since,” Castiel hisses, conscious of the shoppers conspicuously eavesdropping - the store has never been so packed. “And that’s that.”
“You still there?” he asks, bringing the phone up to his ear.
Cas notices Jack’s distraction and follows his line of sight.  He sees Dean.  He smiles, benevolent, and beckons Dean over to them.  Like Dean hadn’t caused his fall, hadn’t led an angel to temptation and the desolation of human suffering.
Castiel shoots her a worried look. She smiles reassuringly. She can handle this.
Claire gets up on the bench and makes direct eye contact. “Is Dean going to be our new dad?”
“I want to,” Cas says, trembling.
The agent smiles back. It’s hard not to, when it comes to Jack. “Anytime, kid.”
Jack thrusts the phone at Dean’s face.  “Claire says she wants to talk to you.”
“He’s infuriating.”
She holds his gaze, steady and resolute.  She’s unflinching.  Almost like this is the most important thing.  Like it’s her calling.  He’s seen that look of devotion in those same eyes before.  Years ago.  He knows she means business.
“Well,” Anael says, eyeing them both speculatively, “isn’t that sweet.” She holds up a ceramic gravy boat. “But you
Ah, shit.
If she thinks she can wait him out, she’s got another thing coming.  All he has is time.
She slaps him on the thigh. Hard. “I can’t believe you!”
Claire toasts him with her coffee cup from where she’s sat on a patio chair, feet up on the porch railing.  “Flake,” she mouths at him from behind her sunglasses.
Castiel stiffens, braces himself, and tries for nonchalance. “The dose makes the poison. Orangeroot, also known as goldenseal, has anticancer phytochemicals, which can be quite potent if brewed correctly.”
“It’s Dean,” Agent Page says, somewhat aggrieved. Castiel fights back a smirk.
Dean exhales, his whole body unclenching.  Last night, with Cas and Jack and Claire.  He doesn’t remember much past the second bottle of bourbon he split with Claire at the not-TGIFridays, vaguely remembers protesting her driving them back and tripping over the front steps as she tried to quietly lug him back into the house.
Jack nods aggressively.  “I want to play with the birds now please.”  He wiggles the hand holding his cone up at Dean.  “Please.”
“Oh!”  Jack exclaims.  “I ‘member riding in your car!”
He rocks him, hand on the back of his head, making soothing nonsense sounds and waits for Jack to stop shaking.  “You’re okay,” he says, when Jack relaxes enough to bury his face in Dean’s shirt.  “You’re okay,” he repeats, pressing an absent kiss to Jack’s hair.  He’s not really sure if he’s trying to comfort one or both of them now.
Claire huffs but stays quiet.  They drink their beers in silence.
Castiel blinks. “Alright. What can I do for you, Dean?”
“Okay,” Jack says placidly.  “Chicken for dinner?”
He fidgets. “I’ll handle it.”
Dean bites back a curse.
Dean pushes into the pharmacy.  “Yeah,” he says, through his plugged up sinuses.  “‘m allergic to your cat.”
He wanders aimlessly around town - it’s quaint and peaceful, quiet still in the early morning. He tries to let it wash over him but he’s too agitated. He passes by the turn for the highway and makes an abrupt 180 and gets on the 101.
The movie’s bright and colourful and there’s way more off-key singing than Dean remembers there being. He wishes he had a beer.
He chuckles to himself.
They drink some more.
Cas graces him with one of his rare wide grins. “He’d like that too.”
“I can do it,” Claire says, not at all convincingly while rubbing at her temple.
“Dean is not my special friend.” Children really do say the darndest things. He sincerely wishes he hadn’t talked Anael out of breakfast mimosas.
“Jack!” Castiel, Claire and Anael hiss.
Jack stays obligingly still while Castiel bundles him up in his green coat with the frog pattern embroidered on the front pockets but he can’t help but dance in place when Castiel helps him slip on his ‘wings’. The wings were part of last year’s fairy princess Halloween costume - they’re made of mesh and wire and too much colourful glitter stars courtesy of Gabriel - and Jack loves them to pieces and is adamant about having them on when he helps check on the bees.
.  But he also doesn’t want to confront the fact that Cas has been back for what - a little under a year? - and has kept his distance, was content to let them think he was still gone for who knows how long.
Dean puts up his hands.  Surrender is the better part of valor or whatever.
She hides her face in his shoulder. “Well, you and Jack do daddy and Jack things that I don’t like as much as you like.”
He shrugs, hunches in on himself. “I’m sure they’ll be fine.”
“Uh…” Dean hesitates. He must sense that her continued goodwill hinges on his answer. “I don’t not like ‘em,” he avers.
Dean nods solemnly.
“I was looking for Harry,” Jack says, in a reasonable tone.  He thrusts a stuffed Harry Potter doll about his same size at Dean.  It’s got a huge head and a tiny body and, frankly, looks terrifying.  Dean doesn’t know how he could’ve missed it.  “Can I keep him, please?”  Jack makes with the eyes.  He looks just like Cas when he does that.
It’s a terrible habit and sets a poor example for Jack but they eschew the suit, veil and gloves - the bees know them and are quite docile, honestly.
“G’morning!” Jack whisper-shouts in that way kids do when they’re trying to be quiet but don’t have the whole volume thing figured out yet.
He looks just like he did the first time they met - or to be more precise, the first time Dean was able to ‘perceive’ him.  A little more careworn but paradoxically seemingly untouched by time.  It’s almost enough to make Dean trick himself into believing he’d been able to save him, protect him, shield him from all the mortal weaknesses and failures.  But Cas was all the more sweeter for it.  Softer.  Almost touchable.  Almost like he was something Dean could reach out and have.  Like he and Jack were something Dean could ask for, could be deserving of.
He gets out of the shower, feeling slightly better but still out of sorts.  He’s not sure what he wants to do but he doesn’t feel like sitting around pretending to have a nap either.  He decides to be useful and get started on dinner.  He makes his way to the kitchen and digs around the fridge and cupboards to see if there’s anything he can easily put together.
He can’t help the hysterical laughter bubbling out of him. HIs shoulders shake from the force of it, his grin threatening to split his face in half.
Jack breathing picks up.  “I tried to help,” he says softly.  “But I was bad.”  He starts to hyperventilate.  Dean glances back up at him, sees his shoulders shake.  “I was bad.”  Tears are running down Jack’s face now.  “I hurt someone.  I always hurt someone.”  He’s crying quietly but his hands are clenched on his lap.
Jack’s face lights up and he proceeds to tell Dean all about his stuffie friends - it’s a mix of Alice in Wonderland and a soap opera, with stuffie Harry Potter being the unwelcome newcomer everyone’s wary of. Dean’s hard-pressed to admit he doesn’t find it compelling.
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t help but think of what Cas said to him. He wants to discount it. A little drinking never hurt anybody. He could stop at anytime. What would be the point, though? He’s got it under control and he’s always known his limits.
“This is the greatest band of all time, baby.”
It’s the start of a pattern.
feeding his kid ice cream at ten in the  morning.  He tries to charm her by asking her for pie recommendations.  Overall, it’s a success, in that she doesn’t sic CPS on them and grudgingly boxes him up some marionberry pie and a couple of waters.
Dean blinks.
“You expecting company?” she calls out to Cas, on high alert.
handled it,” she says, getting up and catching him mid-step. “
“Of course,” he replies. Well, he’ll make an attempt. He usually manages to get them mostly lopsided and vaguely blob-like but Jack never really minds.
And on the seventh day God ended His work which He had done, and He rested on the seventh day from all His work which He had done. And He relinquished His Power and returned Free Will unto the World.
“That’s what I was afraid of.”
“Claire!” Castiel yelps in alarm, placing a steadying hand on the table while the other clutches at the back of Claire’s shirt.
He blinks, startled.  “You sure that’s a good idea?”
“Dean’s fine.”
“Yes, so am I.” Cas braces his hands on the counter and finally meets Dean’s eyes.
“What do you want, Dean?” Soft and patient.
“I’m trying to make pancakes.”
He makes a break for it.
“Charmed,” she smiles, revealing a row of perfect white teeth.
It’s endless moments of waiting on a bated breath, staring at the delicate curve of Cas’s spine, the fragile nape of his neck, his dark head.
Dean chuckles. “Sorry,” he teases.
“I’m sowwy…” he hiccups, face still buried in Cas’s neck.  “I’m sowwy…”
“What?”
The sound of glass sliding the formica tabletop draws Dean out of his spiral.  He looks up and Claire’s pouring a couple of fingers of Jim Beam into a glass.
“Dean also says that Tombstone is the best cowboy movie.”
Little ears indeed. He can count on one hand the number of times he and Anael
He picks the lock.
Dean hums in response, sucking absently on Cas’s collarbone.
“Thank you, Mr Gallagher!”
“Oh, whatever.”  He can feel her rolling her eyes at him.  “Can you put Jack on?”
are staying put this time.”
“Geez,” Dean says, “that’s me told.” He turns the music down low. “You guys heading out?”
The door opens and Cas is stood there in bare feet and a sweater worn thin in places, absent smile slowly giving way to confusion.
? Really, Castiel?”
“I see you made the pancakes,” Anael twinkles at him, laying her hand on his forearm. “They’re not Castiel’s, that’s for sure, since they aren’t hideously deformed.”
“Ugh! I really do have to think of everything around here!” She stubs out her cigarette and goes to sit in front of him, grabbing him by the shoulders and shaking him. “Invite him to brunch and I’ll take care of the rest, okay?”
Jack beams up at him. “Yay!”
“Uh oh, spaghettios,” comes from behind him.  Dean prays for strength before turning around to deal with whatever it is Jack’s gotten into now.
“I…I never realized you liked cowboys,” he replies delicately.
Dean studies her right back, notices the tiny gash on her jaw, the bruised knuckles, the weary slump to her shoulders. His heart clenches with equal parts fondness and worry for her. “Ye of little faith.”
Dean cuts him off before.  “Uh, Jack’s looking thisclose to pulling up your tulips.”
She pauses, then considers him. “Is it magic?”
“Slow your roll there, buddy,” Claire says.  “Hands.”
Dean sighs.  He runs his hand down Jack’s back then back up again to cup the back of his head.  “You’re okay, kid.”
“He’ll have a beer,” Claire cuts in, sliding into the stool next to Dean.  “Couple of Harps, Alice.”
In contrast, Gabriel Milton was an affable young man, prone to fits of idleness and banal hedonism young men were inclined to. He was also more entrepreneurial. While his sister tended to the homestead, fixing up the house and garden they had gained via their ‘little favours’, Gabriel had decided to set up shop - making those sought after ‘little favours’ into tangible things.
“Jo,” he nods in acknowledgement.
“Yep.  Rita’s famous roast chicken.”
“Um, uh, it was nothing.”
Jack beams up at him and slips a hand into his, dragging him down the hall where they make a detour to pick up Jack’s ‘wings’ from his room before heading downstairs to the mudroom where they bundle up for a morning outdoors.
He makes a sound of disappointment. “Not even gonna invite me for breakfast?”
“You do?”  Interesting.  Maybe now’s a good time to probe and ask the kid what happened.  He’s only spent an hour with the kid and it seems like he doesn’t remember much of what’s went down in the last few years, something Claire was pretty firm about when they spoke last night.  Let sleeping dogs lie, was what she’d said - something he’d never have ascribed to someone as brash and confrontational as Claire.
Just a small coda left but I wanted to get this out there today as tribute to the DeanCas wedding.  It's been a blast, folks!
“Well, I spoke to your sister yesterday and she really didn’t have a lot to say on the topic of Nick Angelov.”
Thankfully, he’s saved from hearing whatever nonsensical argument she’s gearing up to make by Dean and Jack. Dean has a comically large stack of pancakes in one hand and Jack still perched in the crook of his elbow. Jack’s giggling, balancing a bowl of berries in his hands.
Cas hums in pleasure.
They all look at her in confusion then follow her gaze to where Jack’s got Agent Page’s t-shirt clutched in one fist, stretching it out and exposing a tattoo of a pentacle in a flame circle under his left collarbone.
“Yeah, yeah,” he says, trying not to let on that he appreciates the sentiment.
“Breakfast time!” Jacks screams in response, grinning up at Dean.
Cas graces him with a distracted smile. “We’ll be out in a moment.”
“Agent Page.”
Cas notices him and graces him with a stern look that’s belied by the humor in his eyes.  “I’m told that child abduction is worth at least a year in prison.”
Dean ventures to open one eye.  Jack’s sitting cross-legged on the bed next to him, cat snugged up on his lap.  Jack’s smiling at him guilelessly, eyes huge in his little face.  Dean starts to sit up, trying to formulate how best to tell the kid to go away, when he’s caught by the mother of all sneezes.
“Thanks, bud,” Agent Page says and takes the badge back from Jack. He’s slipping it into his jacket pocket just as Claire and Jack get into a whispered nonsensical argument.
Dean chances a look to the side and sees Jack and Cas, foreheads touching. He sees Cas smile tenderly at Jack, cupping his head. “I don’t regret anything, Jack.”
Jack gasps, hands over his mouth.
“That’s a dear,” Mrs Henderson says, with a patronizing pat on Claire’s arm, and starts going on about a bake sale or something while Claire’s smile transforms into a frozen rictus on her face.
He wakes up with bile in the back of his throat, choking on a scream.
“He’s a cop,” Claire says with an amount of scorn that she could only have learned from Anael. She’s manfully dragging the gourd from the mudroom to the kitchen, face splotchy with strain.
Castiel smiles, gently cups the back of Jack’s head. “Of course. Thank you for understanding.”
“Uh, about that…”
“It’s kinda like what you guys are known for.”
“Anael,” he says, trying for calm. He knows his agitation is just making her more defensive - it’s been that way since they were children. No one could ever tell her what to do and, if they tried, she delighted in doing the exact opposite. He has to remain calm for his children’s sake, if not his own. “You said you’d handle them. This isn’t handling them.”
“You work?” Dean cuts in, surprised.
“That settles it.”  Dean leans back in his seat and smiles, smug.  “Kid wants me to drive him.  You, sleep off that hangover and you get to be on time for work.”
“We can go to the beach!  And the festival!  And you can help me feed Miss Grizabella!  And play forts and Star Wars!  I’m Ashoka and you’re Bo and Daddy can be Obi Wan!”
They nurse their respective drinks.  She’s staring blindly at the TV but she’s on high alert.  Dean looks out into the parking lot, thinks about how long it’ll take him to drive back to the bunker, how many stopovers he’ll have to make on the way in consideration for his old bones.
“Someone needs to drop Jack off at school,” she says, getting up to make another pot.
He sighs. “Sam.”
“Shhh!” she shakes him and looks at her closed bedroom door. “Don’t say it! Little ears…”
Claire scoops the cat up and tries to smile consolingly at Jack but he’s frozen, eyes wide in terror, staring past her at Dean.
Just like being a nanny wasn’t something he’d ever even in his wildest imaginings thought he’d end up doing when he’d run away from home, being in love with Dean is just one of those things he’s had to deal with.
Jack complies, giggling.  Dean wipes his face with the other side.
“Did you lose him?!” Claire yells, voice tinny but distinct over the phone’s shitty speakers.
He drives down the coast, mindless, trying to let the beauty of it soothe him.
Addison smiles at them with a calculating gleam in her eye.  “You must be Jack’s - ”
“Ms Gamage says red and yellow make owange!”
“Well,” she blinks, “tell Castiel I said hello.”
“Ah, shit,” he swears and swerves to the unpaved side of the road, hitting the brakes.
“Wow,” Claire says, sarcastic.  “Cas is gonna kill you.”
She crosses her arms, huffing petulantly. “It’s so unfair.”
He’s woken abruptly because Jack’s accidentally kneed him in the crotch.  Jack’s got Dean’s face in between his sticky hands and says, seriously, “Dean, I’m hungwy.”
“Okay!” Jack scrambles off the bed and accidentally takes the quilt with him. “Daddy, help me with my wings?”
“Well you better try harder!”
Cas opens his mouth, looks ready to argue, but thinks better of it. He turns away and starts putting things back in the first aid kit. “I won’t have that in this house.”
“It’s breakfast time!” Jack says.
“Before school time,” Jack says matter-of-factly.
She makes a face.  “Bite me, grandpa.”
“Dean.”
“You too,” Dean says back, cupping the back of Jack’s head, and smiles back up at Cas.
“They’ll make a role model out of me yet.”
“So…what you’re doing with Jack is technically kidnapping.  It’s important to me that you know that.  You do know that, right?”
“You could come say hello to Jack,” Cas offers.
“Thank you of cooking,” Castiel says with a tilt of his head. “They look impressive.”
It’s barely light out, sun valiantly attempting to push through what looks like rain for the rest of the day. He gets out of the back seat, head throbbing, mouth dry, his body protesting at being contorted into a space it no longer fits into. He cracks his back, winces. He looks at the cheery little house, imagines in his mind’s eye Cas and Jack nestled safely in their beds. They’ll be up soon. For school, for work, tied to this human existence in the most mundane of ways.
“You pedal all the way here?”
“I don’t want to. I want to stay with you and your daddy.”
“You’re little too!”
Eventually, Jack pulls back, looking down at his lap where his hands are clasped tightly, fidgeting.  “I’m sowwy, Dean.”
He should go.
Dean feels himself go cold all over. “Am I too late?”
He wasn’t expecting Dean - and he doesn’t mean it in the corny romantic sense of not expecting to fall in love at first sight.
Dean’s stunned.
a silent invocation as he rings the bell.
to try.
He really wants that stiff drink now.
“Hey, Cas!” Jo pops up from behind an old F150 and waves.
Claire rolls her eyes.  “He’s not - ” she tries to correct but Alice is already all the way across the other end of the bar minding the drunken suit.
Jack puts his hands over his mouth, worried.  “Miss Grizabella is making you sick?”
Jack cheers when the pancake lands perfectly back in the pan. He’s wriggling around but Dean has a good grip on him, which is comforting. Claire pretends to be unimpressed but Castiel can see that she’s taken a shine to the man - she so rarely likes people and this is just going to end in misery but Dean sees Castiel enter the kitchen and shoots him a boyishly charming grin. Castiel can feign ignorance for the next little while. It’ll be fine.
The garden’s a riot of color - flowers still in full bloom, plants lush and green and growing with abandon, grass in sore need of mowing but looking all the better for it, trees just shading into yellows and oranges. There’s a wheelbarrow filled with sod and gardening tools laid neatly on an A-frame picnic table to one side, what looks like a vegetable or herb garden in the beginning stages of being turned down for the winter on another and further down, there’s a path running along the river that backs up against the house.  And in the middle of it all, there’s Cas and Jack, lying on the grass, foreheads pressed together as Jack tells Cas about his day.
Jack shrugs. “I missed you. I miss Claire too when she goes away. Are you going away again?”
He’s sat on the front porch, nursing his third cup of coffee, nodding to passing joggers while watching the sun rise and lets idle formless plans drift in and out of his head.
Dean takes a moment to process that, watches Cas arrange the flowers to his liking, his head bent and shoulders stiff.
“People around town,” Cas says.  “Do you have Jack?”
Jack gnaws on his lower lip. “Well…” He scuffs the toe of his boot in the dirt. “Aunt Anna and uncle Gabriel are gone until Wednesday…can we keep Sophie ’til then?”
He makes a dismissive noise. “Regardless. I don’t want him coming around the shop asking uncomfortable questions! He had the audacity to speak to Claire without my permission!”
“Hey.”
Claire shrugs, looking to the side.  “Haven’t got anything lined up for the next little while, thought I’d stay for a bit.”
“Come off it,” Anael scoffs. “You’re about as legit as tits on a drag queen.” She pauses, looks him up and down. “Hunter.”
“Shhh!” Jack whispers sternly, finger up to his lip. Dean chuckles but settles down. Cas winks at him conspiratorially over Jack’s head.
Jack, having scrambled out of his chair and is currently splashing around in the spilled syrup, pats Dean on the knee. “It’s okay. It’s posed to make you go away but now you can stay!”
Phew.
Just then, the cat comes yowling out of Jack’s bedroom, claws skidding on the hardwood floor.  Jack follows close behind.  “No!  Come back!”
He drives until Baby runs out of gas.
She forces him to make eye contact and he does so reluctantly. “Alright.”
“Did not!”
with this when we were little.”
Shit, now Dean’s got tears in his eyes. “Enough with the Hallmark moments,” he gripes.
Everything he wants, laid out in front of him, if he could only get up the courage to ask.
“Why are you awake, anyway?” Dean finally thinks to ask her.
“We went to Dodge City,” Dean prompts.  “A ghoul case.”
Dean looks around the living area, peers down the hall to the kitchen. “Where’s Jack?”
A grunt.  Dean turns around and sees that Claire’s got her head buried in her arms on the table.  “Speak now or forever hold your peace.”
Jack’s babbling about how Harry Potter’s going to make a fine addition to his tea parties when Dean remembers that he never hung up on Claire.
Castiel narrows his eyes at how the agent’s elbow is uncomfortably close to knocking down his inventory in their glass bottles but decides against confrontation.  Instead, he chooses to smooth Claire’s hair back from where it’s coming undone from her braid. “Claire, could you please help Kevin with organizing supplies in the back room?”
“You can’t play tea party standing up.”
“Dean?” he says, voice steady but clearly nonplussed.
She shrugs, swats roughly at a strand of hair that’s come out of her braid. “Dean says cowboys are awesome.”
He gestures at her to pipe down.
“Dean - ”
She squints up at him, contemplative.
Castiel picks Claire up off the table and sets her back on her chair. “Claire, what’s gotten into you?”
Jack stands a few feet away singing a song Anna taught him about honeybees.
“Uh huh,” Agent Page hums neutrally.
Her jaw drops open. “What. The. Fuck. You’ve gone off the reservation!” She punches him on the arm - hard - on her way out the door.
He cups the back of Jack’s head softly when Jack finally loosens his grip enough so Dean can pull back.
Dean turns away.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean replies, wincing.  Luckily the guy doesn’t look up from where he’s counting out pennies.
“Do you do tricks?”
Jack considers that for a moment.  “‘Kay,” he finally shrugs, taking the cup out of Dean’s hand and gulping down half of it.
“Yeah, yeah, language, I got it.”
, for almost his whole life. Damn if he’s not gonna respect Cas’s choice.
He chooses his next words carefully. “Do you feel you’re not being included?”
Then Jack starts squirming and scratching at himself and its only when he starts rolling around beating at the sand with his fists, close to tears, and that’s when Dean realizes he’s sugar crashing and needs a nap.  Dean tries to clean him off with some of the leftover water but Jack just throws himself at Dean and buries his face in Dean’s neck.  Dean gives up, takes them back to where the Impala’s parked and just collapses into front seat.  Jack spreads out and falls asleep with his head in Dean’s lap.  Dean rolls down the window and tilts his head back and exhales long and loud.
“The vegetables are almost done,” Cas says, proving that you can teach an old dog new tricks, or a millennia-old angel the nuances of human courtesy.  “If you could please help Jack wash up for dinner?”
Dean finally gets it. All the time he’s tried to protect Sam from his own father, he never realized he’s become him. The angry man in this house. It’s so much easier to pretend when Jack doesn’t look like he did then, when he’s confronted with a Jack who looks his actual age. He could never fathom doing the things he did to a helpless child. He thought that made him better than his own father, turns out it’s more of the same.
“Sure do.”
The rest of him doesn’t seem to get the message though.  His ears perk up at the sound of laughter and he chances another glance up and Jack and Cas are awake now and Cas is helping Jack water some gladiola over by the far end of the garden.
The bed starts moving, Jack scrambling up on top of the covers, and Dean uses what’s left of his strength to force last night’s terrible decisions from coming back up his stomach.
She raises an eyebrow at him.
Castiel sighs again and cups the back of Jack’s head. “I’ve already told your sister and I’ll tell you as well - we can’t keep people as pets.”
He finally manages to convince Jack that it’s time to head home.
“You started it,” Sam grouses back.
“Am I what?”
Jack beams up at him.  “Can I tell you a secret?”
He doesn’t know how to answer that. He’s always the one everyone leaves behind. He can feel it now, even, with Sam and Eileen. Everyone moves on but him. Everyone leaves him. So he changes tracks. Not completely but enough to throw Sam for a loop. “D’you ever think about what Bobby - our Bobby - would’ve made of Jack?”
“They’re not very good stars,” Claire mutters because she’s a traitor.
She’s already slouched down in her seat, chip stuffed in her mouth, glaring defiantly up at him, daring him to make a comment.
He sighs deeply. He doesn’t know what’s wrong with him. His thoughts drift once again to the FBI agent with the issues wrapped up tight beneath that devil-may-care attitude.
“I’m hungry,” Jack also adds, equally bewildered.
“Uh huh, great,” Agent Page says, looking up at Castiel for assistance. Castiel leaves him to flounder and feels a perverse sense of satisfaction in having done so. “Still no.”
There’s the slightest hesitation but Cas nods, shoulders squaring, and steps aside to let him in.
He’s never wanted something this tangible so fiercely.
Dean winces at his tone.  “Yeah.  We had a good time at the beach, y’know?  Figured we were due for some fun.”
Dean makes a grab for Cas’s elbow. “Cas - ”
“Love you!” Jack says, snuggling into him.
Once, he could’ve passed it off as vigilance. What’s going on up in heaven, who’s running the show, just how de-powered are Jack and Cas, really?
“Let’s roll.”
Claire and Jack tumble back into the kitchen. They run up to Agent Page and corner him against the kitchen island.
Cas smiles, bends to press a kiss to Jack’s hair. “Did you have a good talk with Mia?”
“Making pancakes with the children.”
“Hi, Daddy!  I’ll see you soon!”  Jack blows a kiss at the phone and waves.
“Yeah, no,” Dean cuts him off. “You’re supposed to be the egghead here. Statistics alone will tell you you’re safer in Baby than in that deathtrap you call a bicycle.”
Castiel huffs in amusement - Claire’s never been one for mornings. “Well, why don’t we check on the bees while we wait?”
Claire looks down, feeling like an interloper.
Jack still wants to play at the beach, so they cross the street again while he sings his hand-holding song and he chases the gulls off the beach while Dean chases him in turn.  Dean has never been more grateful for anything than when Jack decides he wants to build sandcastles “but taller, this time!”.
“I don’t need to clean up to seduce that asshole,” she glares but she slows down and starts chopping the wild celery with more care. “Where’s the pig now?”
“Well,” he replies, grasping at straws. “You can’t own a person either.”
The beach is just across the street.  Jack makes a grab for his free hand.
He winks at her, makes a finger gun gesture.
Those were in the early weeks of Jack’s birth. In the succeeding months, Morningstar seemed to have forgotten that he’d paid his lawyers hundreds of thousands of dollars to work out this tenuous arrangement with Kelly’s lawyers. Unofficially, Sam was Jack’s nanny because Morningstar had just plain forgotten to hire one. Officially, he’s a young and promising intern who’s been told off enough times by the senior partners for bringing a baby to work, regardless of the baby’s biological father being a name partner of the firm.
“Yep,” Dean grimaces.  He glances at the dash and sees that it’s half past nine.  They’re late.  Great.  Good job, Winchester.  Spend all morning trying to get Cas to trust you with his son and blow it within the first five minutes.
She whips around to gape at him.
Embarrassingly enough, Cas has been in love with Dean since he’d walked in on him singing Jack to sleep, his voice a low hum of Bob Dylan lyrics, Jack only barely past being a newborn staring rapt in his arms.
“I still love you. Of course I still love you. You’ve taught me to how to feel, how to be human, how to love…You’ve given me so much. You’ve given me Jack. I know how I’m supposed to love him because of you. But there’s a part of me that’s scared that you don’t know how to.”
try my special syrup - it’s life changing.”
He makes it to Singer’s Garage and Salvage in under half an hour, a little sweaty and wishing he’d forgone the chinos and worn shorts instead. Though the last time he’d worn seersucker shorts, he’d had an earful from the elder Mrs Kline about propriety and dressing appropriately, so he doesn’t dare.
“Uh, sure,” Agent Page says gamely, half-standing to pull his badge from his back pocket. He’s eschewed a suit today, wearing jeans and a field jacket over a flannel and a black t-shirt. Strangely, it becomes him more than the nondescript suits he’d worn the last couple of times they’d met. Castiel tries not to let his eyes linger on where the denim’s stretched taut over his well-formed thighs.
“Pancakes,” Castiel says with a blithe smile. “I promised my children pancakes for breakfast.”
Just like being painfully perpetually single, in his 30s yet still free-loading in his jet-setting aunt’s brownstone with his flighty yet pragmatic sister, being embarrassingly ABD for close to 4 years - he just has to deal with it.
Jack smiles blearily up at him, snot and tears all over his face.
They stop on the threshold of Jack’s bedroom.
Dean’s phone rings.  It’s Claire.  Shit.
They drink.
“Alright, change of plans,” she says, pushing open her bedroom window and lighting up a cigarette. “We just make sure you aren’t alone with Agent Zoolander. Just keep Jack with you at all times -  not that that’ll be different from situation normal. Having a kid there will probably stop him from asking questions about battery and murder.”
She pours herself another shot but, this time, also graciously includes him as well.
She scowls at him. It’s always been a point of contention between them. She’s never been as capable as he is at this type of magic. What’s always been a struggle for her had always come naturally to him and if she begrudges him that, well, he’s never let himself resent her for it.
“No, you’re little!”
Dean smiles softly down at Jack. “Come to take him away?”
That distracts Cas enough that Dean’s able to mumble something about needing to go shower and he makes his escape back in to the house.
Claire and Jack crowd up against Agent Page, watching as he redoes the batter - Castiel thinks they should be relatively safe with him for a few minutes and beats a hasty retreat to wherever Anael is hiding.
Jack blinks. “Oh.”
If she were made of less sterner stuff, she’d totally give in under that onslaught, but she ain’t.  Plus, she’s got the fear of something else to put wind in her sail.  Namely, Cas’s cooking.
“Uh, you guys have been in here a while,” he says, scratching the back of his neck. “Dinner’s getting cold.”
Castiel checks that the bees don’t need feeding, inspects the comb patterns and checks the new boxes for eggs.
Dean bristles.  “Hey, he’s my kid - ”
Dean’s only human after all.
“I want this, I want you. To be happy. To build something good.”
is nonsensical,” Dean says as he opens the Impala’s back door so Cas can slide Jack into his car seat.
Dean shakes his head in disbelief.  “What the hell,” he mouths to himself.
“And what was that whole thing back at the house?  Coulda fooled me.”
“Your
And Jack.
Castiel hums, noncommittal, laying out napkins on plates.
“Aw, hell, kid,” Dean groans, running a hand across his face.
He waves hello to Rufus at reception. Rufus is busy staring down an irate customer but he acknowledges Cas with a nod and indicates that Cas should head on back to Bobby’s office with a tilt of his head.
Castiel sputters. “What?!”
“I’m gonna go check on Claire,” he says, pushing away from the doorframe.
“Yeah, buddy?”
“Yes,” Cas answers. “It’s very nearly time for this little boy to go down for his nap.”
scaring him - ”
She parks her butt on the front step.  “You’re not coming back in until you’ve calmed down.”
He only knows the one bar in town, so he’s back at the not-TGIFriday’s, nursing a beer, a couple of whiskey glasses sitting empty in front of him.
“Sure,” Sam says. He hesitates for a second then continues carefully. “Dean, you know we’ll always be family no matter what, right?”
You can hardly blame them. Gabriel and Anna Milton had moved into the big Victorian house on the edge of town some 200-odd years ago and had started bartering what they had called ‘little favours’ in exchange for food and other essentials. That those little favours could turn a person’s luck, make a man mayor or cause him to die of drowning during a drought, could cure congenital disorders, or curse an unfaithful lover’s unborn child…well, it made the siblings very wealthy indeed.
She watches Dean’s agitated pacing across the front lawn.  Their closest neighbours are about half a mile down the road, which is good, because what they really don’t need is more gossip about their weird family.
Jack blinks up at him then laughs.  “You sneeze really loud!”  He giggles, throwing himself full-body into Dean’s arms, giggling hysterically into Dean’s neck.
“Ow, Jackie!” she yells back, trying to shake her arm loose.
Castiel smiles, shrugging on a threadbare sweater. “Of course.”
“Trust me when I say that I’m saving both of us from a horror beyond your imagining.”
“Sweetie!  It’s so good to see you!  I’ve been meaning to ask your father,”  Mrs Henderson, the nosiest of all busybodies in all of Tillamook, says cheerfully as she parks her butt next to Claire’s on the bench.  “The slots at Sunday school are filling up quick!  He should get a move on if he wants to secure a place for Jack.”
“We’re all together again.”
Dean raises both arms.  “Hey, no judgement.”
“I can sort of see where Cas is coming from,” Sam finally says, interrupting the silence.
Her world skids to a stop.  Motherfucking shit.
Castiel clears his throat, places a protective hand on Jack’s shoulder. “It’s Agent Page.”
Claire snorts.  Giving up divinity to herd cats.  Good luck with that.
From then on, Cas has mostly done handoff with Dean and has only seen Sam a few times since. It does not help his crush abate one bit.
She pours them another round.
Jack clings to him, going on about how he’s excited to learn about the color wheel in school today, his legs going around Dean’s waist, almost like an afterthought.  Like he’s sure of his welcome, firm in the certainty that the adults in his life are always going to be okay with picking him up and carrying him places when he’s tired.
Btw, if y'all wanted to see what the house looks like, it looks something like
Cas sighs.  “I’ll pour you a cup.”
He blinks then runs a hand through his hair, grinning, chagrined. “You got me there.”
He snorts.  “And you’re gonna protect the secret that God’s playing at being a toddler in a little beach town in Oregon all by yourself, huh?”
“No,” she says very softly. “I just don’t like them as much as you and Jack like them. Like gardening. Gardening’s fun! But I don’t want to do it every day.” She leans slightly back and looks up at him. “It gets boring.”
«Hey, everything loaded?» Sam got in the car.
Followed a thick stretch of the same heavy silence.
The car screeches away from the motel's parking lot, framed by the sky getting clearer and clearer every moment, as dawn happens quickly.
Dean glances at the radio with disgust, his mouth an exaggerated grimace «What the fuck is this crap.»
Dean still stares at the road ahead, he clenches his jaw, just a bit. A quick exhale and a click of tongue, as if he had lost an argument that wasn't happening. He quickly turns the radio on again.
Castiel obliged.
Dean was sitting in silence when Cas pulled up on the dusty side of the road, pebbles growling under the car's tires. He looks at the man he loves: Dean was standing still, tense, with his hands clenched in fists, the right one pressed on his thigh, looking out the window. Guilt was choking him.
Dean quickly pulls down Castiels jeans and underwear, his cock jumping free and the hunter swallows hard. This is it, this is what he wanted for so long. What he's been hiding for years. Lazily, he wraps his hand around the angels shaft, which makes him shiver in pleasure.
"Yes, this is my home. I can understand that you're surprised, but for me, the most important thing is to make my patients feel as comfortable as possible, which is why I chose to have my appointments at home. I also have an office, if you'd feel more comfortable with-"
"Dean? Are you alright?"
"Hmm... 'm close too..." Deans voice sounds desperate and he wiggles with his hips, trying to make the angel move again.
"No, you listen, Dean. I'm offering this because I want to. I'm - I'm not supposed to talk about things like that, but - you're important to Charlie, and I love Charlie as much as you can love a friend who's always there for you. Please, let's try, at least."
thing he could think about for days. He still wasn't too happy about the idea, but what the hell, right? Maybe it could help him fix some things that bothered him, and if not, he'd at least tried.
Why was everyone expecting him to go, anyway? That was one thing he didn't understand at all, because most of the people in his life knew how he and his brother had been treated by John. It wasn't even because of the punches he'd had to endure, or that he’d had to be the one who basically raised Sam. No, what stopped him from visiting John was the constant let downs over the years. Dean knew that he shouldn't have kept expecting that much, not after the first few times, but whenever his father promised something, Dean just couldn't help it. His hopes got raised and crashed, over and over and over again.
Tasting Cas almost makes Dean come untouched, his prick leaking some precum into his underwear already.
"Yes, that uh… that sounds…"
"Dean? What do you want?"
"Of course 'm alright. Just trying to be nice here."
No, of course he couldn't tell her. Lisa rolled her eyes because of his language, but she stopped correcting him a long time ago. She placed one last kiss onto Dean's lips, before she climbed down from him and looked at her phone.
Dean jumps back immediately and his head snaps up. "Cas, don't..." he mutters in a desperate try to lock his feelings away, keeping them caged, just like all those years before. Long, hurtful years.
Charlie sighed and Dean knew she was shaking her head, but she didn't yell like he thought she would.
"I wouldn't have to hoard them if you'd do laundry every now and then."
With a chuckle, Lisa pointed to a spot on his neck, but Dean couldn't laugh about it. If this would go anything like this morning, Lisa would notice in no time that something was definitely not right. He stood up with a nod, not even caring to look at her again and headed to the shower, hoping that the hot water would be enough to wash away those thoughts he definitely didn't want to have.
"It is, but it's not
"Just some beer. Don't worry, I'm fine, okay? Nothing to worry about."
"My girlfriend- Jess, you know - dumped me. She said that it seems like studying is more important to me than to keep the relationship going, and that she was trying, but she thinks this isn't going to work out."
"What? Uh, no..." Dean mutters and leans against the wall behind him, scared, but excited at the same time. The thought that he could be the former angels first, the only one that gives him pleasure, turns him on more than it should.
Cas shivers by the touch of Deans lips and his eyes grow wide, while he tries to understand the feelings that start to spread in his chest. "Dean..." he whispers and cups his other cheek too. His vision blurs and he can feel his eyes getting wet, a thing that he'd only experienced once.
"In my room," Sam yelled back, way too loud. Dean could feel a light throbbing behind his eyes, and he knew immediately that in a few hours, he'd have a huge headache. With a deep breath, he opened the beer and headed to the living room, flopping down on the couch with a groan. Luckily, he didn't have to work on Mondays, so he could just relax and try to forget about everything that had happened in the past hour. Charlie hadn’t texted back yet, but he wasn't expecting her to answer, since he knew she was working.
"Dean, that... feels good..." Castiel huffs out and looks down, so that the hunter can see his face. Castiels hair is messy, his cheeks are flushed and his eyes...
Castiel squirms, loud moans escaping his mouth. "Please, Dean... Please! Fuck..." he whimpers. Hearing Castiel swear for the first time ever makes Dean look up, his eyes wide in surprise, but his dick twitches in excitement.
"I'm 35. How about you?"
When Dean slowly starts to calm down, he softly places his hands on Castiels waist and rolls them over, which causes Cas to slip out and make Dean flinch a bit.
"You okay?" he asked quietly as he sat down at the kitchen table instead of opening the fridge.
"Why not?" The ex-angel tilts his head again, but this time it looks like confusion. "Dean, I'm totally aware that this body isn't one you would choose, I know that you prefer a female body, but I can feel it. I can feel how you feel, I've heard your thoughts. I know you told me not to listen, but they were just so... LOUD."
"Hi, uh…"
The thing was, Sam didn't even know the whole story. Dean had always made sure he wasn't there when John got home, completely drunk, and started throwing things. Sam didn't know that the bruises on his arms hadn't been accidents. Hell, Sam didn't know that when their father had been in a good, drunk, sleepy mood, he tended to-
Slowly, he sat up again, his nerves on edge, and he grabbed the phone. Just as he opened his contact list, Charlie's words echoed through his brain. He knew that he was a dick, and he knew he should apologize, but right now, he needed help, and wasn't that what Castiel was there for.
Even though Dean couldn't see Castiel's face, he could hear his low chuckle, which, for some reason, made goosebumps instantly spread across Dean’s skin. Dean knew he was straight, he totally was, but something about this man right in front of him was just -
"Is this really what you want? You don't want me to stay here?" he asks and tilts his head to hide how much Dean has hurted him. Dean doesn't say anything and looks down, his face hard as stone, his hands clenched, but Cas could see something in his eyes, something that gave him a tiny bit of hope. He lets out a sigh, while he slowly nods, his brows furrowed and his lips pressed together to a small line, almost unnoticable.
"Great, that's uh… great. What time?"
Dean wasn't the type of person who randomly started talking about his feelings, but he knew that Lisa would understand him, she would listen to him. However, this time she furrowed her brows and gave Dean a look that made him question if he'd actually seen what happened.
Charlie laughed at the other end of the line, but something about it felt forced. Dean was too tired to care though, so he didn’t think about it too hard.
"It's not that easy, I know. But you said you'd go weeks ago, so why didn't you?"
Again, Dean needed a few seconds to actually understand what Lisa was saying, but then he just shrugged.
Dean stood up again and took a step aside, a little smile on his face. Yes, his wife could be annoying from time to time, but even when she was, she still was more beautiful than anyone Dean had ever seen.
"Okay, that's... enough. Now, lube it and position it there." The hunter sounds breathless, his whole body burning and his heart racing. He points to Castiels cock and licks his lips, waiting for him to finally do what he'd imagined for years. What he'd dreamt of.
look at the other man. He had a similar body to Dean, even though Castiel’s arms and his thighs were a bit thicker than Dean’s own. The dark blue jeans he was wearing hugged his legs nicely, and were so tight in some places that Dean was worried they would rip as soon as Castiel moved.
As Castiel’s voice went up at the end of the sentence, Dean drew his eyebrows together for a second.
The former angel nods and takes another two steps towards Dean, entering his personal space, even though he's aware that he shouldn't. "Please. Don't do this. I'll go. I'll leave you without a single word, but don't tell me you're not feeling it too."
"Cas, you can't call a guy 'beautiful'." Dean also blushes now, trying to hide how his heart started racing again by Castiels words.
Just like that, Dean froze completely. His hand cramped around the phone and his heart began to race like he'd just ran a marathon.
"I'm fine Dean, I told you a million times not to worry about me. But everything is okay with Lisa? You're still happy with her?"
"Dean, listen to me, you're alright. Focus on my voice. Tell me five things around you that you're able to see. It doesn't matter what, just five random things."
"Babe, I really just need to relax a bit, okay? My head is fucking killing me."
Dean freezes, his eyes jumping back and forth, trying to find a spot to look at. "Feel what? Guilt? Hell yeah." He looks down again, thinking that the ground is the safest spot. He's on the verge of tears already, his heart is aching, but he can't tell. He can't give in. It's not about him. Cas has to be safe.
"No, you listen, Winchester. What the fuck is wrong with you? And no, you're not in a position to give me any shit for calling Castiel. Did you even think? What the hell is wrong with you that you can't even make it through one session?"
. Dean assumed that there was a smaller table behind the side of the couch Castiel was sitting on, and even though he should've expected Castiel to take notes, he felt a little hurt for some reason.
"I know that going to therapy is hard, and it's scary, but I want you to know that I'd never judge you for
Castiel seemed to watch his every move, which made Dean blush hard for some reason.
' was written there in thick, black letters, so even if Charlie
Dean turned the engine off, before he turned to look at Lisa once more.
"Hey, Rachel just texted me, asked if I want to come over. You okay with that?"
"Nothin', just a headache."
Dean squirms under Cas, his eyes closed and his breath comes jagged. "Shit... Cas, move please..." he huffs out, but Castiel shakes his head. "You have to... get used to it. I won't... hurt you." His teeth are clenched and his eyes are also pressed shut, while he tries to figure out what this hot and burning feeling in his lower stomach means.
"It's nice that you two get along so well, but it's getting cold out here."
Lisa soon joined him on the couch and took the remote, before she sat down right on his lap, a little smirk on her face.
Dean's face was burning by now, and for some reason, his throat tightened and he had to hold back tears all of a sudden. He swallowed once, twice, three times, but the feeling wasn't going away, and because he didn't want Charlie to notice, he kept his mouth shut. After some moments, he could hear a deep sigh on the other end, and he blinked quickly to make the tears go away.
He could hear Castiel's voice, though it seemed to come from far, far away. His eyes slipped closed and he did what he'd been reading once: a deep breath in through the nose, a deep one out through the mouth. He was focusing so hard on his breathing, that the sudden, warm touch on both of his shoulders startled him and his eyes snapped open again, just to get greeted by an ocean of clear blue.
"Dean, please..." Cas begs, not even sure for what, but he feels the need to intensify this, to deepen it.
The man held out his hand for Dean to shake, but Dean was too busy staring. The man was a little shorter than him, black hair, blue eyes, nerdy glasses. He was wearing regular jeans and a plain, black shirt, which made his arms look
Sam raised an eyebrow again, but then shook his head with another sigh.
There was nothing but silence on the other end for a few seconds, before Dean could hear a deep sigh. Well, shit, he was in trouble.
Slowly, Dean took a step back, his eyes a bit wider than normal.
Biting his bottom lip, Dean lowered his head and closed his eyes. He was thinking about not telling Sam, but since he was friends with Charlie as well, he'd find out eventually.
"That's a color, Dean, not a thing. I need you to name five
Dean knew that his voice sounded different, he knew that his mom would notice, but technically it wasn't a lie. Sure, he was totally happy with Lisa, but those
those towels you hoard in there?" Dean mumbled when Sam came back into the kitchen, and his little brother rolled his eyes.
Too late, Dean noticed his mistake and his mouth snapped shut so quickly that his teeth clicked together with a loud noise.
A small smile lifted Castiel's lips, and Dean almost groaned, but he was so angry at the guy that he couldn't move a single muscle. How did he dare make assumptions about Dean,
"Again, coffee. That's nice, but uh - what exactly are we doing here?"
Warnings for this chapter (includes spoilers!!!):
"Just like that, you're doing great. Now, name four things you can touch. It could be anything, it just has to be in reach."
"You just did," Dean replied with a smirk, but when Cas stayed silent, he sighed and gave his okay.
. Everyone has their own experiences, and everyone has another method to cope with those experiences. You don't have to feel ashamed of anything here."
"Sleep, huh?"
Dean wasn't able to finish his sentence, even though he tried. His breath quickened and his vision got blurry, while his head felt like floating through thin air. He knew exactly what was happening, knew that he should be able to get over it by now, but the knowledge didn't make the situation any less scary. Once again, his heartbeat rose and he grabbed the couch to have something to focus on, something to calm himself down.
Sam got up anyway, but looked down at his brother with a judgemental expression on his face, which Dean tried to ignore.
Just when he was sure nobody would answer, the door moved wide open and a man, the same age as Dean, maybe just a little older, appeared with a warm, soft smile.
Dean took a deep breath then, not sure what to expect, but what he definitely wasn't expecting was the laugh that rumbled through the speakers, followed by Castiel clearing his throat.
Dean knew his brother wouldn't let this go, but Sam seemed to understand that he didn't want to talk about it now; he nodded and leaned back, grabbing the remote for the TV.
Castiel stepped to the side so that Dean could enter, and out of habit, the first thing he did was take his shoes off. Castiel didn't say a thing about it, though he watched Dean curiously. When Dean was done, he was led through the living room into a short hallway with three doors, two on the left and one on the right side. Castiel opened the one on the right and gestured for Dean to step in, so he did.
Dean moved his hands without thinking about it, his gaze back on Castiel’s face, or more specifically, his eyes.
With a sudden move, Cas leans back, his eyes wide in shock.
"Shit, Cas..." Dean licks his lips, his breath hitched. He softly places his hands on Castiels waist and leans forward again, too tired to fight it anymore, his wall too damaged to hide his feelings any longer. When their lips meet, it's soft and gentle and both of their bodys start burning, unsaid feelings tingling in their chests, ready to come out, ready to show what's been hidden over the years.
"Shit," Castiel mumbled, and Dean stopped with one hand on the door of the fridge to listen more closely, but it went completely silent.
"See, I told you I was older than you thought."
"Are you sure?" is all Castiel whispers and he moves his hand up to Deans face, cupping his cheek softly.
With a jaw-cracking yawn, Dean got rid of his clothes and stepped under the shower, realizing too late that the water wasn't heated up at all. Silently cursing his brother when the cold jet of water hit him, Dean turned the temperature up and stepped aside, waiting for the water to turn warm. The second time he stepped under it, he realized that he was shaking, though he wasn't sure if it was because the room was way too cold, or because of his nerves.
"No? So I'm paying for you and you don't even bother to go?"
"It was nothing, really. Hey, how're you doing, by the way? Everything good? No other… incidents?"
That's everything Dean needs. His body reacts immediately and his cock twitches against Castiels hand, a quiet moan escaping him, which he notices with surprise, because normally, he has no problems with controlling himself. "Bed. Now."
Dean isn't thinking anymore. He never did it with a man before, but there's no fear, just pleasure and heat and... love.
Mentions of abuse, illness, mentions of paralysis, panic attacks, hint at past rape, conflicting feelings in regards to family members, mentions of alcoholism
The hunter moans again, but he wants this to last, so he grabs Cas by his waist and turns them around, hovering above the angel now. Cas gasps again and looks at Dean with wide eyes, but then he licks his lips and his eyes get even darker.
"Hey, now wait a minute. It's not my problem that the guy is a - a dick."
"Oh. That's uh, that's interesting," Dean answered a little awkwardly, and just then he realized that he was still holding the other man's hand in a tight grip, so he hastily let go and shoved his hands into his pockets.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Cas, I..." is all that comes out of his mouth, broken and sad, before he finally gives in and leans forward, brushing his lips over the ex-angels ones just for a second. That second is enough, enough to break every wall he'd built up over the years.
Dean kept his head lowered the whole time he was talking, and his hands started to shake again, so he clenched them to fists quickly.
"When you have them in the future, try what we just did. You don't have to say it out loud, you can do it in your head, though talking is more effective. Do you remember the things or do you want me to write them down?"
"I know many things, Dean. I can see how you react to certain things, and I know that body language is much more important than what comes out of your mouth, especially when we don’t know each other that well. You don't trust me, and you have every right not to. I'm a stranger, but please consider that all I want to do is help you."
"Huh?"
Cas moans quietly into the kiss and presses one of his fingers against the hunters hole, until the tip of it slips in.
Seeing Castiel almost crying for the first time ever breaks Dean. "Cas, we... we can't..." he whispers weakly.
"You sure 'bout this?" Dean asks, looking into ocean blue eyes.
"Just kiss me" is the only answer he gets, before he can feel lips pressed against his own again, soft, but hard at the same time. The hunter moans once more, his hips slowly moving on its own, his cock grinding against Castiels thigh.
Light? Oh, right. He turned his head to look out of the front window and kept driving. Just then, he started to notice that his hands were clenched around the steering wheel, hard enough that his knuckles had turned completely white. He tried to relax them and focus on the traffic, but soon his mind wandered back once again. What was this bitch thinking, huh? Her son was an adult for fucks sake, no need to treat him like that in front of other people.
"I can't," he whispered quietly, his voice even more shaky than he'd thought, and he knew Charlie would hear immediately that this was a topic he couldn't just talk about.
"Are you okay?"
"You're almost there. Name two things you can smell."
"Yeah, well, today's an exception," Dean mumbled, before he lifted the bottle to his mouth and gulped down half of the beer in one go.
"Dean."
"So, you did that, huh? Nice work, really. Especially how the colors work together."
"Dean, you up?"
"Find a way for what?" Cas asks quietly and looks up into Deans face with a frown.
Dean knew he was trying to make the most of not talking about himself, but he also knew that Cas could see through him if the glimmer in his eyes was anything to go by.
"Thought you weren't drinking anymore."
"God… okay, just promise you'll go, alright? A stroke isn't something that should be taken lightly, especially not when it paralyzed half  his body."
"Do you feel better?" Castiel asked eventually, and Dean nodded, his eyes still closed, before he remembered that the other man wasn't actually there.
"Not funny, Samantha. Charlie is practically forcing me. Called three times this morning and would've called even more often if I wouldn't have picked up."
When Sam finally comes home from doing his research in a library near the bunker, he searches for Dean and Cas to tell them immediately what he found out, but he can't find them anywhere. When Deans room is also empty he frowns and knocks at Castiels door, which is right next to Deans. When he doesn't get an answer, he slowly opens it, but freezes when he sees Dean and Cas lying in the same bed, cuddling.
“We want him to stay, daddy,” Jack answers, coming to sit on Castiel’s lap with a smile.
“No one else knows, from what intel I’ve gathered,” she goes on, blithely ignoring his little crisis of conscience.  “And we’d like for it to stay that way.”  She pauses, waits on him to drain his drink before continuing.  “So please, don’t ruin this for them.”
“Cas, no - ”
He sprawls out across Baby’s hood, leans back against the windshield and watches the sky get progressively lighter. He tries to clear his head and wonders if this is what peace is supposed to feel like.
Dean looks away.
The cat yowls, scratching at his arm before leaping gracefully to the floor.  Fucking cats.
“‘Cos your intuition’s always so good.”
Something beeps and Cas pulls back. Dean, undeterred, presses a line of kisses down his neck.
Right now, there’s easing Cas and Jack awake so they can have what passes for a family breakfast.  There’s trying to talk them both out of going to the farmer’s market. There’s Claire laughing all the way to her bedroom for a nap while they ignore Dean’s protests and make him carry all of Cas’s reusable canvas totes and net bags while Cas and Jack ruin their lunch with all the free samples from the market vendors.
“Just saying,” she shrugs.
Dean gets up and shakes her hand.  “Dean.”
“Wow, rude,” he says, pocketing his phone.  He looks at Jack.  “Don’t grow up rude like Claire, okay?”
Bobby grunts. “See ya next time, kid.”
“I’m a real laugh-a-minute.”  Claire catches Jack’s eye and winks.
He presses his forehead against coarse bark, mouths a quiet benediction, and takes Jack’s outstretched hand.
He could stop if he wanted to.
Dean smiles charmingly up at her.  Her expression morphs from polite disinterest to something warmer.  It’s like a reflex, he almost can’t help it.  “What’s good?”
“Ice cream!”  Jack cheers, legs kicking out.
“I believe I am
Jack gasps.  “I love Claire!” he says drawing out each word petulantly.
“Bye!” Jack yells, bouncing.
He walks across the front yard, past the cheery spread of goldenrods and purple irises, up the rickety front steps, all the way to ringing the doorbell,
A beat. Then in disbelief, “What?”
“Well, can I have a puppy instead?”
The agent chuckles. “See you around, kid.”
Dean can feel the bitchface from all the way in Illinois. “Excuse me for being worried. You get a bug up your ass thinking Claire’s gotten herself in the family way and decide to invade her privacy and literally stalk her halfway across the country and the next thing I know you’re sending me a picture of a de-aged Jack. How did you even find him? What’s going on!”
“Don’t say I never did nothing for you,” Claire replies, making fun of his accent.
“I’ll take him,” Dean cuts in before he can even think his offer through.  It makes Claire and Cas pause and they both have a pointed, silent conversation over his head which he doesn’t appreciate.
“That fucker’s early!” she hisses, half her hair in a haphazard pile on her head while the rest is stuck to the back of her neck with sweat.
Agent Page takes a step back. Castiel takes an equal step forward. “No, thanks.”
incapable of lying to him,” he bites out.
Cas can’t help but smile back. “Hello, Jack,” he says, taking him from Bobby, kissing the top of his head and breathing in his sweet baby smell. Jack curls in close and snuffs into Cas’s neck. Bobby leaves them to it, having gotten used to this little ritual. Cas gets Tuesdays and Wednesdays off and also every third weekend - thanks to the custody agreement Kelly’s lawyers worked out - but being without Jack for those few days feels more like punishment instead of a respite.
He looks down at the bottle, amber liquid sloshing around, almost golden under the sun.
Castiel tilts his head and squints in confusion.
Dean grunts. “Yeah, well, Cas is pretty good at walking away, don’t know why we expected this to be any different.”
“Rhodiola, ginseng and yohimbe, with a bit of hope mixed in,” Castiel replies absently, already making his way to where the FBI agent is crouched down talking to Claire.
He’s suddenly desperate for more skin. He rucks up Cas’s sweater, palms the small of his back under his shirt as Cas uses both his hands to tilt Dean’s head, change the angle of the kiss to his satisfaction.
“I can’t wait to tell Daddy about how much fun we had!”  He magnanimously allows Dean to carry him back to the Impala and buckle him in.
It’s Jack.  Thank fuck.
“Tell me how you really feel, Cas,” Agent Page says where he’s leant up against the stove, amusement coming off of him waves.
Dean will drive them home a little after lunch, make them sandwiches using the peach honey jam Cas insisted they get five jars of after interrogating the vendor about her apiary. Dean doesn’t know it yet but he’ll eventually build Cas his first dozen bee boxes. In the early afternoon, Jack will settle in for a nap with Claire while Cas tends to his garden. Dean will resist the impulse to reach for a beer - the first of many times he’ll have to actively fight the urge - and idly look up AA meetings. He’ll sit at the kitchen table and try very hard not to think about having a drink and he will, every so often, look out into the garden and see Cas limned in sunlight.  It will help a little. It will be a good reminder of what he stands to lose.
Trouble followed Anael wherever she went, or she followed it - no one was really too sure about the order of such things.
Dean shrugs.  “I tend to do very well in prison.”
“How long do you suppose they’ve been back?”
Dean looks him over, assessing.  “You okay, kid?”
“Well, you could have at least tried to get him to put on his spare set.  His feet are cold.”  Cas has Jack’s feet cupped in his palms and he’s staring at Dean accusingly.
“Oh.” Claire’s shoulders slump and her face pulls down into a frown.
“We gotta run by the store to pick something up for dinner.  I’ll let you get one thing if we go now.”
“Careful, Jack,” Cas murmurs, pressing a kiss to Jack’s hair.  “Don’t want you getting burned.  Why don’t you start eating your fruit while Dean finishes the bacon and eggs?”  Cas smiles softly at Dean while he parks Jack at the dining table.
“Uh… yeah,” Dean says.  He tentatively smooths a hand down Jack’s back in apology.  “Allergies.”
His jaw clenches.
And then he’s gone. It’s just Jack and Dean.
Jack all but wrenches the phone out of Dean’s hand.  “Claire!”
“Oh, it’s alright,” Cas demurs. “We’ll stop by and say goodbye on out way out.”
Eventually, she turns away. “Let’s just get this over with.” She adds the wild celery to the cauldron and the last of the elderberries. Castiel cups the cauldron between two palms, makes the potion come to a boil while Anael casts the suggestion over it.
Jack shrugs.  “Dunno!  I’m happy he’s back!”
Everyone in town believes the Miltons are witches.
“Your true love, daddy!” Jack says, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist.
“Couple of months, less than a year?” Dean speculates, bitterness colouring his tone. “Does it matter?”
“One of the FBI agents came into the shop today!” he hisses, pacing the length of Anael’s attic room.
“Claire?”
She shakes him one more time before letting go and collapsing back on her bed. “It’s almost like you
He resists the urge to tickle her. She’s growing up so fast.
“Claire - ”
, Dean,” he finally looks up, and there’s a tear making its way down his cheek. “I’ve chosen you over Jack before and I have never felt more ashamed. It’s not a situation I ever want to find myself in again. So I’m taking that choice off the table. He’s my son. I live with the guilt of that every day and if all I have left is the span of a human life, I would rather not have to make that choice ever again. You can’t ask that of me, not twice.”
“Um, here,” Dean says, thrusting the flowers and chocolate at Cas. “These are for you. The chocolate’s mostly for Jack…”
Claire and Jack exchange frowns, looking liable to jump to their father’s defence when Dean beats them to it. “Nah, they were alright, I just wanted to show off for the kids.” Dean smiles at him and Castiel smiles back reflexively.
It isn’t easy but then again he never expected it to be.
“Thank you for bringing dinner, Claire,” Cas says.
“I’m just saying,” she huffs, crossing her arms, “that’s what he said. He’s weird.”
“Hey, I - can I come in?”
“You get a sick day.”
They both look down at where Jack has a hand held up in greeting.
“You done dropping Jack off yet?  Got a line on a haunting in Portland.  Just some hunters needing back up - I don’t know if you remember Penny Dessertine?  Anyway, shouldn’t be more than half a day at most.  You in?”
Kids are hard.
“I can do a J-turn in Baby, which is harder than a reverse burnout, let me tell you,” he winks.
She holds herself still but at the ready.
“You got a squeeze bottles or even an empty ketchup bottle?” Agent Page asks as he doffs his jacket and rolls up his sleeves.
Dean, leans back in his seat, stretches his legs out and hums thoughtfully.  He waits until she lifts her gaze to meet his.  “Well, I don’t know what to think, seeing as I’ve only known about this less than an hour.”
“Hi, Daddy!” Jack pipes up from the back.
Castiel finally meets Agent Page’s eyes. It incenses him that the agent is standing there, considering him blandly, as if what he’s implying wouldn’t wreak havoc on Castiel and his family’s very existence.
“What spell?”
“Biggest one you’ve got,” Dean says, flipping the bacon over with one hand and trying to keep Jack from losing an eye to popping grease as the kid tries to get a good look in with the other.
There are some things mortal men can’t have.  It’s one of the hard lessons he’s learned in his life.  That there are things that you can make yourself unworthy of, is a more difficult one.
“Clearly.”
candle!” HIs eyes almost fall out of their sockets. He looks back up at Castiel. “Cas, buddy, you gotta be shitting me with these.”
Cas understands that Sam hadn’t meant to shirk his (unofficial) duty to Jack but, that first time, he’d been given the honor of sitting in on one of Morningstar’s cases at the last minute, so he’d left the baby with his brother.
She plays it off.  “Well, you guys enjoy playing hooky.  I’ll text you Cas’s number in case the cops stop you.  Can you put Jack on?  I promised him I was gonna stick around this time and I don’t want him thinking I lied.”
“In the morning,” Cas says, gently disengaging. “We can talk in the morning.”
“Come to take our little duckie home?” She winks and pokes at the bright yellow duck embroidered on the bib of Jack’s overalls.
Jack squinches his face up at her.  “No!”
“We played cowboys…”  Jack trails off.  Dean glances at him via the rearview mirror.  He can see the kid’s smile drop off his face, his little body curling in on himself.
Dean doesn’t know which one of them moves first but he’s suddenly got Cas in his arms and he doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to let go now. “I’m gonna try my damnedest,” he whispers into Cas’s hair. “I’m gonna do my best to make you so happy - both of you.” He can feel Cas’s tears against his neck. “I’m gonna spoil Jack so rotten you’re gonna hate me.” Cas huffs a laugh. Dean tilts his head down, presses his forehead against Cas’s. “Will you let me?”
“Good morning, Jack.”
She considers him carefully.  “You frighten him,” she says after a minute of silence.  “Sweetest kid I’ve ever known and he’s terrified of you.”
'. After that, he tossed his phone onto the seat next to him, not even caring that it fell down and started the engine. With one last look at the house, he drove away, swearing to himself that this was the first and the last time he'd try this kind of bullshit.
The dizziness slowly started to fade, and even though Dean's heart was still racing, his body slowly seemed to calm down a bit. Breathing was a bit easier, and it didn't feel like he would choke on his own tongue anymore when he answered.
Dean gasps and he presses his body even harder against the wall, but he can't deny that what Cas just said made his whole body burn like fire. He whimpers when their lips touch again and his eyes fall shut too, while he wraps his arms around Castiels waist and pulls him closer, just a bit, making sure that there's still enough space between them so that their boners won't touch. Dean wants this to be all about his feelings, he doesn't want to act like Cas is like a woman he'd just met at a bar. He wants it to be more than one night.
"Don't wanna talk about it."
dark for himself, he couldn't stop admiring the place.
"Y-yeah," he forced out, before he tried to take another deep breath, but failed miserably. His teeth were clenched together and his fingers started tingling, which was a bad sign, because the last time that happened, he fainted not long after.
A warmth Dean didn't know he still could feel rushed through his chest, but he covered it with another eyeroll.
"Nothin', just… haven't heard a name like yours ever."
, blooming in every color he could imagine, and for a hot second, he was sure that Charlie was just fucking with him, so he checked the name tag on the door bell twice, just to make sure. '
"I'm Castiel Novak, but you can call me Castiel."
"You don't have to cover up your shock now, Dean. I know that you feel angry, but it'll go away."
For some reason, Dean's face was heating up again instantly, and it took him two tries to answer.
"My brother. Going to therapy. Okay, I got it, this is a parallel universe and for some reason I'm stuck here."
"Good. What we just did, it's called grounding. It helps you focus on anything else than your own body. Mostly, it's used for panic attacks, or for out-of-body-experiences. Do you often have panic attacks, Dean?"
fast, and for some reason that made him sigh in defeat.
"No. No, you know what? Fuck this. I don't need this shit and I sure as hell don't need someone who’s known me for less than an hour to tell me how I have to feel or what I have to do. Maybe that works for others, but not for me."
Cas groans, trying to understand all the sensations, his head dropping forward against Deans collarbone. "Dean..." he whispers, even though it sounds more like a shaky breath.
"Yeah, uh… y'know, actually I wanted to… I mean, I know it wasn't… look, I'm sorry, alright? I - I wasn't expecting you to be that honest to me, and it - it hit me, 'cause it freaked me out that you were right."
He could hear his mother sigh and even though they haven't seen each other in a few weeks, he could still tell what expression must be on her face.
"So what?"
But also, he feels like it isn't enough. He wants more. More of this. More of Dean. He pushes the hunters head away, gently, but determined. Dean looks up confused, but gasps when Cas pulls him up again and turns them around. He's hovering above the hunter once more, licking his lips, staring right into his soul.
It wasn't a long drive, ten minutes at most, but it felt way longer. Dean's hands were wrapped so tight around the steering wheel that his knuckles turned white, and even though he took a few deep, calming breaths, he couldn't stop his heart from hammering against his ribs. His whole body felt like it'd explode any second, but not the good kind of exploding. He could hardly breathe, and knew that if he was able to look in the mirror, he’d look pale enough to be a ghost.
"Just some sugar, thanks."
Again, a lie, but what could Dean do? Tell his wife that he couldn't stop thinking about Castiel, the mysterious guy who happened to have the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen and the deepest voice he'd ever heard? Who looked good, even in that stupid robe? The guy who got treated like shit by his mother?
"Did Charlie call you?"
"Great. I'm not gonna tell you she's not good for you Dean, but sometimes -"
"You're home already? You were gone for half an hour," Sam mumbled when he stepped into the living room and sat down next to Dean. As soon as he noticed the beer bottle in his older brother's hand, he raised an eyebrow.
"What's so funny?" he grumbled, before he lifted his cup to his lips again, partially to take a sip, partially to hide the faint blush he could feel.
Dean was a little startled by that, because how was he supposed to smell two different things at the same time? He took a deep breath through his nose anyway, his brows furrowed.
"Thank you, I've been working on this room for quite some time. The glass was the worst part."
"How's it possible that you're a shrink? No offense, but you don't look much older than me. Aren't there like… a million years at college or some shit?"
Castiel leaned back and took a sip of his coffee, before he answered.
With shaking hands, he pressed the call button and lifted the phone up to his ear, but after it almost slipped out of his hand two times, he decided to put it on speaker and put it on the table next to him. It rang three times, four, and after the fifth time, when Dean was sure that Castiel wasn't going to pick up, a voice echoed through the speaker.
"Do you feel better?"
Sam glanced at Dean for just a second longer, before he went into his room to get a towel, that fucker. His shirt was slightly damp, so Dean was sure he'd gone for a run.
Charlie's voice was shaking a little now, and even though he wanted to lie, he knew that she'd find out one way or another, so he gave in with a sigh.
Then, as if something pushed him, he said "very often.”.
Cas nods and brushes his fingers across Deans hole, hesitantly, but soft. Dean gasps and pulls Cas down into a hot and demanding kiss, trying not to put all of his feelings into it, but he feels like he's failing.
"You did the furniture yourself?"
"What's so funny?"
"Dean... why didn't you tell me, that... this feels so good..." he mumbles quietly, before he pulls the hunter into another kiss, desperate and needy.
He pulls up Castiels shirt a bit and softly caresses his skin, which makes the former angel shiver and sigh quietly.
Dean raised one of his eyebrows and leaned forward, now more interested in his brother's life than ever. There clearly seemed to be something wrong, judging by Sam's deep sigh and how his head dropped back onto the backrest.
"Honey, I'm hoooooome," Sam yelled, and Dean rolled his eyes.
Alice comes by and swaps their beer glasses for water.  They nod in thanks.
Cas is silent as he sticks a bandaid over the last of Dean’s injuries. “You have to stop doing this,” he finally says, looking up and forcing Dean to meet his gaze head-on. His eyes are clear and his expression hardens. “If not for yourself, then for Jack.”
“Yes, thank you.”
“Dean,” Sam says again, gentler this time. “A house, big backyard, plenty big enough for a garden and space for Jack to run around in…it’s even by the water.” It’s everything you’ve ever wanted, goes unsaid but resounds loud enough to deafen. “Don’t you want to at least try?”
She rolls her eyes but she’s smiling now.
“So, what? I’m not welcome here anymore?”
He shakes his head. “I don’t know,” he says, voice soft. “I just can’t.”
“Why don’t we trade,” Castiel offers, holding out his basket of herbs for Jack to take.
“‘m not sleepy,” Jack argues, yawning.
She gets up in time to see Jack chasing the cat into his bedroom, shrieking with laughter, the godforsaken bonnet Cas had knitted for the cat clutched in one fist.  “Miss Grizabella, we have to be presentable for dinner!”
Now that Castiel turned his back to him, Dean had some time to
(Not necessarily in that order)
As Dean threw the rest of the casserole away, Sam put the groceries he bought into the fridge. For a second, Dean was almost hopeful that his brother would leave it at that, but of course, he was proved wrong.
"Shit, don't stop. Just... let it go..." Dean whispers and a shy smile spreads on his lips when he notices that Cas said the exact same thing to him not long ago. He hesitantly wraps one of his hands around his now throbbing dick and moans quietly, his eyes falling shut again.
Silence filled the room, and at first, the only noise was the coffee maker, but suddenly, Sam snorted so loud that Dean actually
"Shit, sorry Cas, I didn't mean to..."
"God, you look like you've seen a ghost. Why are you up anyway?"
"It's 9 in the morning, Dean."
"I'm sorry, it's just… Did you see how Castiel got treated by his mom? It… it brought back some old memories."
"I don't know, Cas. I mean, this shit really isn't for me, y'know, and I don't even think fixing someone with just a little talking actually works."
"Let it go, Dean." Cas' voice sounds broken and desperate at the same time. His thumbs brush over Deans deeply flushed cheeks, his body shaking, his thoughts racing. Is this a good idea? Could Dean be right? Is it too dangerous?
"Coffee. And- what is that, is that cologne?"
"Let's say three times a week is often, and once every two weeks isn't often, how often do you have those panic attacks, Dean?"
Dean had to close his eyes, but the second he did, there were images of his dad, all alone in the hospital bed, not even able to eat. Guilt washed over him so fast that he shivered, and he nodded quickly.
Dean traces his fingertips down Castiels back, until he reaches the hem of his shirt. "Fuck... Angel, you're drivin' me nuts..."
"Works for me. I'm looking forward to seeing you, Dean."
Dean wanted to apologize, really, but breathing was getting harder and harder,  Charlie's words still haunting him.
The former angel waits a few more moments, before he slowly starts moving. His thrusts are hesitant at first, just like when he rubbed his cock against Deans, but after some seconds he finds a slow rhythm, which feels more than good.
"Come on, tell me what's wrong."
His nerves had calmed down at some point, and right now he was more curious than anything.
"Hello, Dean."
"How he got treated? I didn't see anything, Naomi seemed like a really nice person to me. Are you sure that you're alright, honey?"
There were flowers
Dean's gaze flicked to the TV when Sam turned it on, but immediately back to his brother. Usually, he'd just make a sarcastic comment and let it go, but Sam looked so lost in that moment that he sighed and put his beer down, before he turned to face his brother fully.
Dean turned around and left the kitchen immediately, but of course Lisa followed him. Back in the living room, he sat down on the couch and took the remote, but his wife stepped right in front of him to block his view.
"Don't you have to go to college or something?"
"I know that you're not the type for apologies, but Castiel is one of my closest friends, and he deserves it. He was just trying to help, he's a good guy."
"Well, good morning to you too!"
Castiel's voice was firm and steady, and even though he wouldn't admit it later, it helped Dean a lot to focus.
"If it's easier for you to call me that, go ahead."
" 'm fine, promise. Just need some more sleep, I guess."
"I will, don't worry. I just… need a little more time."
With one last, deep breath, Dean got out of the car and locked it. His gaze wandered around for a few seconds to make sure his baby was safe, before he walked down the little gravel path that led to the front door.
Dean held her gaze for a few seconds, determined to keep his mouth shut, but then he sighed and brushed a hand over his face.
Dean pushes Cas away and leads him to the bed, until Cas can feel it at his legs, which makes him gasp a little.
Dean swallowed, hypnotized by the way Castiel's eyes were glistening while he talked, and how fluidly smooth every one of his movements seemed.
"Yes."
"Dean, what's wrong with you?"
Dean's voice was too high and too shaky, so he cleared his throat and tried again.
"The light's green."
Slowly, Dean pushed his body up onto his elbows, the phone clutched between his ear and his shoulder.
The low rumble of the man's voice snapped Dean back into reality, and he hastily lifted his hand to shake the other man's.
"What happened? God Dean, do I still have to ask for every little detail?"
He closes the door as silent as he can and a smile spreads on his face. He sighs and feels like a big weight just dropped from his shoulders, before he decides to do some more research, because he isn't feeling tired at all.
"I'm uh… 26," he mumbled, not sure why his face heated up all of a sudden.
, no need to say hello first, dad.
"Okay, okay. But you know you can talk to me, right? Your secrets are safe with me."
"You - uh, really?"
Charlie sighed again, but then she mumbled a quick "Okay", before Dean heard something clunking in the background.
"Wow, that's, uh..."
He tried to avoid Lisa's eyes, but after a few moments she cupped his cheeks and gently pushed his head up.
"You're doing so good, Dean. Keep going. You're gonna get through this. We're doing this together. Now, I need you to name three things you can hear."
When he arrived, he'd worked himself up so hard that he could feel every part of his body shivering. He turned off the engine and stared at the building right in front of him. At first, he was sure he got the wrong address, because this was just a simple house with a nice little garden, no doctor's building like he'd expected. Just to make sure, he pulled out his phone and checked it again, but nope, this was the right house.
The room looked much different than the living room, but it still felt more like a home than a doctor's office. One wall was made completely out of glass and showed a garden that was at least twice as big as the one in front of the house. The walls were painted a light brown, which Dean wouldn’t have thought of as being nice but the white couch on the left, the white desk in the right corner of the room and the glass table in the middle somehow made it look good.
"That... that you love me..."
Dean closed the cupboard quietly again and went to his room then, making sure that his door was locked about three times, before he dropped on his bed with a sigh. As quiet as possible, he opened his nightstand, where half a bottle of whiskey was waiting for him, but before he opened it, he got his phone out and turned on some music. As soon as he emptied his first glass, he filled another one, but put it on the nightstand for now. Even though he tried not to think about it at all, his mind kept wandering to the mess with his dad and, even worse, to one particular phone call.
"Okay. I have to go get the laundry, but you know that you can call me anytime. Love you, sweetie."
Until this point, Dean hadn't believed that therapy was something that could actually work, but maybe, just maybe, he was wrong. Still, he wouldn't make another appointment. Dealing with his own shit was tough enough, but dealing with his own shit and the knowledge that someone else knew what was going on inside of him? No, thank you very much.
The words are echoing in Castiels head and he just stares at Dean in disbelief, trying to find any sign that he's joking. He forgets to chew for a second, but then swallows down the rest of the burrito in his mouth and stands up.
For a moment, Dean wondered why Castiel knew it was him, but then he remembered that he'd called him once already, so that was probably why.
Castiel watched him closely, his gaze jumping from one of Dean's eyes to the other and back a couple of times, before he sighed quietly.
"I'm sorry, that was unprofessional. It's alright Dean, you're not the first one and definitely won't be the last who's feeling attacked by getting analyzed like that. It happens all the time, so I can assure you, it's fine."
"Charlie, we've - we've talked about this, it's not -"
Without another word, Sam turned around on his heels and left the living room, and Dean couldn't do anything but stare after him. What the hell? He tried to be nice just once, and this is what he got? With a snort, his head dropped back against the backrest of the couch, and he closed his eyes for a moment. Castiel's words came back immediately, and Dean got goosebumps when he thought about how fucking fast that guy was able to read him.
Dean furrows his brows, looking at his angel in confusion. "Mean what?" he asks curiously, his hand not leaving Cas' now pretty warm skin.
"Yeah, I - I think so. Thanks, Cas."
Dean can't take it anymore, he needs the angel inside of him. Now. He wraps his legs around Cas' waist and pulls him towards him, causing the angel to slip in completely with one fluent move.
"Wanted this for so long..." Dean growls and gently pushes Cas down, before he lays down next to him and pulls him close to his body, his cock pressed against the ex-angels thigh.
"Looks nice," Dean mumbled quietly as he stepped closer to the couch, but he waited for Castiel's okay to actually sit down. When Castiel nodded, he sat down and watched the other man closely, who closed the door and revealed something like a kitchen counter in the corner behind the wall, which had the same color as the walls itself.
"Nothin', shut up. Just a little nervous."
"There's nothing to talk about."
"I'm not
"Y'know, I'm here if you uh… need to talk, or whatever."
"Yeah, our dad who hadn't been there our whole lives. Who fucked off as soon as mom died, just to get drunk in every bar he could find. Who left us here with nothing but food for two days, maybe three, and no money at all."
"You could give her a chance, at least. What you've seen or think you've seen could've been something else entirely. I get why you get angry about it, I really do, but not every parent is like your dad."
, are you? Come in."
"Yeah, your footsteps are loud enough, thanks," he yelled back, standing up to take the rest of the food back to the kitchen.
"I swear to god, if this isn't an emergency -”
Dean chuckles, his heart aching with love for the totally innocent angel. "You lube your fingers with it. Make sure that it's lubed good enough, otherwise you'll probably hurt me."
If possible, Dean's eyebrows drew even more together and he smacked like a little child, which earned him another low rumble of Castiel's laughter.
Dean had to hold back a laugh, because it was actually hilarious how surprised Castiel sounded all of a sudden.
Dean startled by Lisa's voice and sat up quickly. His eyes jumped to the clock, just to see that he had been asleep for almost four hours. With a yawn, he rubbed his face and stretched his body, before he stood up and headed to the kitchen, where Lisa's voice seemed to come from. As soon as she saw him, a smile spread on her face and she walked over to him to give him a quick kiss.
"Good, just like that. What else?"
Another kiss. Tongues flicking out from time to time, their bodies moving against each other like it's the most normal thing on this earth. Castiel works Dean open and when Dean feels that he's ready, he breaks the kiss.
"I want more." Castiels voice echoes from the cold and hard walls in this room. Three words. Three words that make Dean almost burst. He swallows, staring into the angels eyes, still fighting to hold his feelings back, even though he knows it's impossible. "Then get what you want."
With that, Dean jumped up and stared at Castiel for a few more seconds, who seemed to be just as calm as before.
"You're scared to open up, not just to strangers, to anyone. There's probably something traumatic that happened in your past, which caused you to have anxiety and panic attacks. You like to change the topic, because you don't want to talk about yourself, so it seems like your self-confidence isn't as high as it should be. Also, you tend to get angry easily, because you don't like it when someone comes too close to figuring out your real emotions, and instead of letting them out, you cover them with anger."
Something shattered again, but this time it sounded like Castiel was cleaning up the mess instead of breaking something else, so Dean let it go with a shrug.
"Nothing. I mean, it's funny that you're scared of
No. Dean shook his head quickly, while he swallowed around the lump that had formed in his throat.
"Yeah, really. What about tomorrow? I have to work, but uh… dinner would work, I guess."
Then she leaned down to kiss him and Dean kissed her back, but kept it innocent. His wife seemed to notice what he was doing and slowly, her hand slipped under his shirt and wandered up, but he stopped her when she reached his chest.
Dean's voice was raspy and he cleared his throat, while he tore his gaze away from Castiel and looked around in the room once more.
His voice sounded a little shaky, but he didn't think much about it, because at this point, Sam was used to his random anxiety attacks.
"Yeah… sure."
Castiels head snaps up and a hint of red adorns his cheeks, but he shakes his head. "I'm fully aware of what I'm doing. You're just so... beautiful."
"No, no. It's fine, just uh… surprised, is all."
"I'm just calling to remind you that you have an appointment today," Charlie chirped, and another groan left Dean's throat, while he rolled on his stomach and buried his face in the pillow underneath him.
"Did you visit dad? Since he uh - since he's in hospital, I mean."
Cas gasps once more, the feeling of Deans skin on his dick almost overwhelms him. "Dean, please... do something..." he whines and squirms.
"Charlie, we've talked about this. I know your intentions are good, but -”
? No, that wasn't how it worked. Dean could feel his nails digging into the flesh of his palms and for some reason, he felt the urge to punch something, but because he didn't want to get in any trouble, he just turned on his heels and walked out of the house without another word.
"Yeah, just like this. And now, you... you'll open me up. There. But do it slowly." The hunter points to his ass and lifts his legs a bit so that Cas can see what he means.
"Uh… actually, I - I don't believe that therapy works, no offense. I just - a friend, Charlie, she recommended you and uh… I thought maybe I could just… give it a try, I guess?"
