has not changed. He glances around at the faces of the people who pass and wonder if any of them can fully comprehend what the sight of the St. James flowers have done to him on this Spring day.
“Ah, little painkillers and some hot water sounds just the ticket.” John stood and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s nape. “Couple of middle aged wrecks having a soak.”
, John thinks and swallows thickly, his good mood dissipating, uneasiness replacing it. John picks up his phone, thumbs it unlocked and stares at the message on his phone. He could just do
Sherlock swallowed audibly and shifted backward ever so slightly, until John’s chest was flush with his back. His mind screamed at him to keep it together but for once, his body moved of its own volition, seeking what it wanted. John’s exhale was audible and he felt it paint across his skin, which responded immediately in goosebumps.
Again, Lestrade rolls his eyes. “Known you going on ten years now, you look…”
“Hmm,” Moriarty pressed, finally taking a step back from Sherlock. “You ordered rather a lot of food for one person. Or wait, was it-”
“Yes,” John shouted as people sang along with the chorus, dancing for a moment up on Greg. “I am!”
“Mike! I--he’s just, a good friend and brilliant and sometimes he needs specimens that can’t be procured otherwise and I… help him with that,” she finishes meekly.
Sherlock’s gaze flickers down to John’s hands, where they’re pressed as fists to his chest, and then back to his eyes. “You need this position, at least for the time being, and Molly is technically your supervisor and Molly is… enamored of me.”
He could go left or right and just before he made a choice, he heard someone call his name. His head snapped up towards the sound and saw Molly jogging towards him. “Hey, heard about your issues with your room last evening. Came by this morning but you must have already been at the gym.”
The chaos of the past few days melted away and Sherlock could see the course for what it was, its raw angles and jumps. He was doing what he was
Leaning on his cane, he hobbles to the Tube and takes the Circle Line out seventeen stops in order to attend his pension-required therapy session. There isn’t much to talk about with his therapist, because nothing ever happens to him. He hasn’t written anything in the blog as she had suggested, but ‘just creating it is progress,’ she says. He can’t fathom broaching the subject of his depression—even though
Sherlock closed his eyes and smiled. “Something like that.”
“This’d go a lot more smoothly if you’d let me up for a moment,” John muttered, managing to get both shoes kicked off and across the room.
. I’ve always wondered why.”
John smiles; digitalis. How strange. What a strange life Guest must lead, he muses for the umpteenth time. He finds himself just as drawn to that fact as he was from the start, and before he knows it, his fingers are flying across the keyboard. He’s missed this more than he’d thought, he realizes. He’s missed the simplicity with which they communicated, he missed speculating on what Guest was doing, where he was sitting, what he looked like in the dim glow of his laptop. He’s missed
Not the most inventive segues into normal conversation and Sherlock found himself frowning at the banal attempt. “Yes, took some doing but eventually...”
He huffed, setting the bar back onto the holding rack and grit his teeth. “Another,” he demanded and after stretching out his arms, went for another set. If Greg had still been coaching him, he wouldn’t have questioned Sherlock’s intensity, would have simply stood and spotted him, made off-hand comments that would fuel Sherlock’s resolve. If Sherlock were being honest with himself, that was one of the things that he missed the most, Greg’s constant goading. The man knew how to get Sherlock in the proper headspace without Sherlock even realizing it and didn’t take any flack from him, forcing him through rounds and rounds of leg lifts until he was sure that Sherlock had gotten all he could from his muscles.
“And a gainfully-employed, ex-military man,” she finishes, rushing through that.
“Word is it’s rough, though,” she said, biting her lip. “Sure your old bones can handle this?” It was said with a grin, but he knew her concern was very real. Molly, a seasoned skier herself until an ACL injury had done away with her career, had seen what the sport could do to a body.
“Yeah,” John said and began to pull away, Sherlock straightened, creating as much space between them as was possible in the small enclosure. Sherlock felt the loss instantly before John quickly pulled him back in with a strong arm around his hips, arse to pelvis and nipped delicately at his ear.
Sherlock smiles, feels his cheeks burn with the stretch of it,  runs the pads of his fingers over the jutting of the keyboard and then pulls away; he brings his fingers to his mouth and decides whether or not to follow the insane idea that has popped into his head. But what does he have to lose, really? If John5NF turns out to be a goldfish like the rest of humanity, he hasn’t really invested anything in this, so he’ll lose nothing.
Lestrade made his way off, smacking Sherlock on the bicep as he passed. “Shut up.”
“Complaint?”
“Yeah, alright,” John admits and accepts Sherlock’s mouth when it bumps his.
“The thing, your observational ability thing. Tell me about them.”
“Well!” Moriarty slapped his hands down on Sherlock’s knees, hard. “What I want, is to do away with the both of you. No one will question what the motive was when they find you,” he smiled serenely. “Not with the nonsense that’s been smeared all over the tabloids.”
John digs down into the box, sorts through the rest of the paper. He knows that he doesn’t really have the time to go through all of the items in all of the boxes they’d had stored down in C, but he’d also rather not have either of their identities stolen. There are plenty of press and citizens alike who’ve been known to root through their garbage. He begins separating the papers the best he can, some into the “bin” pile, more into the “shred” pile.
Rumors abound that Sherlock Holmes factored into Moriarty’s arrest, though details are unconfirmed as of late. Speaking with Holmes’s ex-coach Gregory Lestrade, we learned only that Holmes was preparing for the final in the downhill, which due to recent events was moved to Thursday morning. A spokesperson for the IOC tells us that they will be issuing a release about the matter as early as Wednesday evening.
“This seat taken?” A voice cut through his thoughts and halted them immediately.
“Give me,” John gasps wetly against Sherlock’s cheek. “A mo’.”
John pulls back to look at Sherlock’s face. “S’why you feel like you’re going to burst. It’s why I feel the same… you’ve… filled me up.”
His mind was concentrated on the meters in front of him, numbers and calculations passing through his consciousness at such speed that he wasn’t aware of processing any of it. That was the beauty of it for Sherlock; even as his body reacted seemingly without direction from his mind, his mind worked independently from his body. It was a confluence of elegance.
“Then how did you-”
“File on that evisceration in Vauxhall, boss,” Sally says, barging past Sherlock and dropping the file on Lestrade’s desk.
“Is he allowed to drink?” Greg asked immediately, filling his glass for Molly once more.
“Ah.”
“You read that in one of the articles.” It was no secret that Sherlock enjoyed dallying with chemistry, experimenting on whatever he could get his hands on. The human body in particular fascinated him, and it wasn’t out of the realm of possibility that one might open the freezer at his flat and find an eyeball or two. Still, he wasn’t sure how he
The first read
John chuckles silently, shifting beneath the covers, brashly spooning up behind Sherlock. Sherlock shimmies back, their bodies curving as comfortably together as they can manage. John hums contentedly and it’s only a moment before he’s drifting, ignoring the fluttering thoughts that attempt to press into his consciousness, all the what ifs.
There’s no time, no time to hone his real persona, to make John Watson actually
sounded like Sherlock was asking him to dinner when they got back to Britain. After the Olympics.
He dreamt distantly of cornfields flecked with stalks of gray, of the tumultuous ocean and of soldiers lying low and preparing for combat.
Sherlock’s mouth curved into a small smile.
“Right, well, since we know that, how do we proceed? Think of how closely your equipment is watched. If Moriarty is up to something nefarious, you’d have to imagine they’d be keeping his things under even closer guard.”
“Good,” John ventures, manages to state it as fact, rather as question.
: Victim. And I am not permitted to answer that.
: Why not? This is insanity
“What?” Lestrade asked, tugging on his leather gloves and slinging his gear bag over his shoulder.
“I’m extraordinary; you don’t think I’d waste my time with someone who wasn’t worth it, now, do you?”
Sherlock scoffs, rolls his eyes and crosses his legs in the other direction. “God, get your mind out of the gutter; she’s got a new morgue technician.”
John laughs silently. “The first day you lied to me.”
“I love you too, I love you too,” John replies quickly, a few tears escaping as he manages to maneuver up onto his elbows and presses his forehead to Sherlock’s. “Jesus christ, I love you.”
“Trying to get me properly drunk?”
“Naw, but I thought I’d wish you luck; ‘sides, the air’s better up here, innit?” He reached out to tap Molly on the shoulder and then spun back to face Sherlock, snickering to himself silently; she came up behind him and thwacked him right in the center of his back, hard.
He tried to remain silent and undisturbed while people flitted around him, taking selfies and vocally editing the captions on them. Sherlock leaned up against a cinderblock wall, shades over his eyes, and immersed himself in reading a text about infectious diseases on his phone.
John sits back in his chair, hard, as though he’s been punched. “Fuck,” he says once, and then again. “Fuck.”
it, this, having the ability to turn John wordless and wanton.
As if he could hear Sherlock’s thoughts, Gus cuts in, “It’s a lot, right? Just, the Games and all this,” he gestured at the set before them. “I don’t know, yeah, it’s a lot. In a good way.”
“I didn’t mean it as a compliment,” Sherlock murmured, sitting back so he could impress upon John the graveness of the situation. “I have something to tell you, something to share with you that might be… difficult.”
“Yeah, I’m not great at timing but I’d say now is a good time to tell you that—” John licks his lips and places both hands against the lip of the table. He looks down at his hands, swallows thickly. “I do. Love you. I am… in love with you. I think yeah, now would be the proper time to say it.”
John grinned, hands clasped behind his back, and meandered around the spacious sitting room, crossing to glance out the window. “Oh you ordered for me, how presumptuous,” John mentioned and turned to grin at Sherlock.
as promised.
He weaved his way through the machines, sidestepping athletes, and made his way to Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t stop in his workout, just flicked his eyes over towards John in a way that he hoped read as indifferent.
Moriarty was only
Results return dozens of options, and for a moment he feels overwhelmed and left behind, a forgotten, tarnished remnant of the nineties that somehow slipped inconspicuously and unseen into the oughts. The internet landscape has changed so much since he was last able to surf it freely. The graphics and the text look glossy and updated and for a brief flash John feels entirely too old to be searching for something as silly as chat rooms.
Sherlock glared once at the members of the commission before closing his eyes with finality. Let his reputation be damned if he could keep John Watson.
John came forward and took a bit for himself and shrugged. “Can’t really answer that, but it seems pretty obvious from what we found that they’re selling the stuff to people on the circuit. So either it’s an unstable wax which doesn’t make sense if the athletes that are in that book
John feels himself tighten, his entire body responding to the point of contact, and rolls his hips so that their erections press together.
“Just sleep,” Sherlock reassured, stepping right up to John’s solid frame and placing a warm palm on his shoulder. “That’s all,” and then he leaned his forehead against John’s in a startlingly intimate gesture.
John’s eyes were a bit red and his gait sloppy; Sherlock ignored the niggling voice in his mind asking when he’d categorized John’s gait and
“Ugh!”
Sherlock watched the waiter come and snatch up the check, and shifted minutely in the seat. Who stumbled blindly into a date without realizing it? Surely, if anyone were to realize they were being led into a date it would be Sherlock Holmes. It couldn’t possibly be anything resembling a date; John had just said the evening previous that they were
of it. The only way to get proof of the tampering was to get to Moriarty’s equipment, and that proved incredibly difficult. On the few times he’d even made an attempt, he’d been thwarted by Moriarty’s coach and right hand man, Sebastian Moran. Nothing had come of it, just vague threats from the hulking Swede regarding the state of Sherlock’s intact tibias.
Sherlock notes the time, nearly gone two in the morning, and isn’t surprised when he doesn’t receive a response from John5NF. The man’s likely asleep by now, as any sane Londoner would be.
There are no words of thanks, and no signature, and John sits back in his chair, lips pursed. He’s intrigued, he can’t deny that; he’s curious about the “victim” who’d bled out, curious as to what capacity this person works with law enforcement. But something about it does seem rather off, he admits to himself, and finds himself tapping his pointer finger lightly against the track pad, the cursor bopping across the screen.
“Anything I can do?”
? Is that what I’m understanding here? And implicating him in, in a murder? Jesus, he’s your biggest competition but...” he whispered fiercely as he advanced on Sherlock. “Are you out of your damned mind?!”
Still, each time he saw John, that want seemed to manifest, take on more of a whole idea, a real, identifiable shape. Sherlock’s lips twitched impatiently as he willed the idea of John to solidify wholly so that he could understand it, begin to make some sense of it.
“Odd running into
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replied distractedly before snapping out of his reverie, and he stepped forward to hold the door for John as they ducked inside.
Sherlock ponders that; sometimes, John5NF’s emails are the only thing he looks forward to in his day, as completely insane as that is. If he keeps John5NF like this, on the internet, he won’t lose anything. Theoretically, he could continue corresponding with John for years and years, share the simple, online companionship with no risk. Or, he could meet this John5NF character and find out if he’s as interesting as he seems.
“So that was…”
“I- I don’t-”
“Make it more obvious we’re in here!” John whispered roughly, while footsteps and voices filtered through the door.
“Yeah. Yeah, yeah,” John nods, eyes still focused on the door. “Just, sorry, what did you give him?”
He clears his throat, passes his tongue over his lips, acknowledging that they’re hovering just on the precipice of getting into an area they don’t talk about. “The vanity thing? No, just, you know…seven times. In a night.”
“I --” Sherlock begins, before ducking his head and sucking in a quick breath. “This is surreal. I never thought I’d have you,” and it’s perhaps the first time John has heard Sherlock whisper, really whisper. The sentiment steals the breath from John’s lungs and fills him to the brim with a manic sort of need to prove to Sherlock, with his body, just how thoroughly he’s loved.
run every time? This was often the crux of Sherlock’s problem on the slope; it was highly unlikely that any of the elements would ever be static enough to accurately predict the outcome of a run, and as a perfectionist he found that enormously frustrating. As his own worst enemy, his mind would turn over and over the data - the course terrain, the terminal velocity which his body would reach, the speed of the wind - and wonder
use the help.”
“I loved you, you know, before then,” John says, his heart nearly bursting with the long-held truth, nodding to himself, as though he’s encouraging himself along. “It’s uhm, I know it and I’ve felt it, but you should… know it. It’s uhm, it’s time, I think.”
, it wasn’t as nefarious as you think. I am talented, I’m better than
: guest?
Sherlock’s nostrils flared but he said nothing, just narrowed his eyes and stared back.
“Hard to tell,” John says, quiet, his thumb swiping back and forth on Sherlock’s skin, comforting.
: support and encouragement and i don’t know happiness maybe, than I ever have from anyone and isn’t that a little messed up? You’ve become important to me. And you’re just a name on a computer screen, a million miles away.
His tongue passed over his lips, Sherlock taking a breath and swallowing thickly. His fingers tapped against the tabletop. “I… see it in you. I see quite a lot about you, actually. I can’t help it, it’s second nature to me.” Sherlock picked at the skin around his thumbnail and did his best to keep his eyes on John’s face. “And I suppose I should mention that, I, I like what I see. Of you. All of it, it’s… good.”
“That’s shocking to discover,” John returns, with a scathing little laugh. “And since you’re not my friend, you probably shouldn’t be sitting with me, so.”
at a man he’s about to have dinner with. It’s entirely preposterous, trite and stupid.
His last thought before drifting off to an exhausted sleep, was how overwhelmingly grateful he was, to be alive, for the people in his life, for everything.
They’re staring at one another in the dim light of the pre-dawn.
“Though Hoslinger got his hands on a pair of the demos. Nearly the exact same model, the bastard,” Phillip mentioned, finally standing up. “Must have cost him a pretty penny too; they assured me you’d be the only athlete they’d be trusting them to.”
“That’s… strangely nice of you,” she continues on, obviously pressing for information.
Lestrade cut him off with a painful groan, “Tell me you didn’t
The thought startles him, how positively romantic it is. Sherlock, too, wonders if John Watson is simply stirring up a dormant part of him that another might have been able to as well, or if this is unique to John.
When they get into bed that evening, Sherlock is content with John snuggling up behind him, playing big-spoon to perfection despite their height differences.
“Good,” he finished and sat down heavily, crossing his arms and staring out the window.
It’s bittersweet, being involved in his sport, though unable to compete in it. He’s not the sort of person who is willing to ruin his body in order to place fourth or fifth in further competitions, and he knows he’s just where he wants to be. But he misses it, so much that his throat closes a bit, and he has to take a quick steadying breath.
As Sherlock was setting the second boot back down on the floor he spotted a large black box beneath the bed. Carefully, he pulled it out and placed it upon the coverlet; it was a tacklebox, the tumbler lock secured. Sherlock sat back on his heels and thought for a moment; he then entered Moriarty’s birthday and tested the lock.
“Do you know you do that out loud?”
Sherlock smiles, wickedly. “Yes, it was. Now eat.” He points at John’s dish with his fork and then goes a step further, snatching a piece of fish before John can even pick up his own utensils.
It’s raining when he steps onto the pavement and he’s forgotten an umbrella. He feels hollow and unmoored and can’t even begin to find the energy to just turn around, go back and retrieve a brolly, so he walks to the restaurant in the steady drizzle. John smiles at the waitress at the appropriate time but there’s no feeling behind it; he’s kind and courteous and goes through the routine of acting like a normal human person like he’s on autopilot, or as though it’s all coming from muscle memory.
“Oh, we’re celebrating, Sherlock Holmes, we are celebrating. Gently, I mean, because you’re a
“I…” Sherlock begins, and he can’t stop the tide of words that escape his mouth. “I got him off of a murder charge and—”
Sherlock’s mouth flickered in a grateful smile. “I do. Know that.”
Sherlock’s obvious oversight mocked him and he grit his teeth hard as he pulled on the rest of his kit, shrugging into his heavy team parka and loading his gear bag and determinedly
The left side of John’s mouth jumped and he pressed his lips together, pausing for a moment. Sherlock could see the gears turning in John’s mind. “Hmmmm, suite?”
Independently, it's all so hopelessly dull. All of it. But, he considers John’s tendency to rub at the back of his neck when he’s unsure, the way he holds a fork and knife, his smile, the way he walks, swinging his arms to and fro, purposeful. It’s
, emphatically, that he was not. And the fact that he seemed to be passing as such for the entire world to see rankled Sherlock in an entirely personal way. He was someone who prided himself on being the best; he worked incredibly, painstakingly hard to get where he was and though he had the ego to go along with it, he
It’s a moment before he notices it, but when he looks at the back of the head in front of him, the set of the shoulders, the tilt of the hips. Of course he would run into John Watson here, of course he would. He’s not prepared to sham at charming, he hasn’t even had his first coffee of the day!
“Just a tick,” John said and plucked Sherlock’s key from his hand, opening the door and ushering him inside. “I’ve got just what you need.” He produced a small bottle of pills from his coat pocket and portioned two out into his hand, dropping them into Sherlock’s palm.
“Whatever.”
hypothetical, perhaps designed to get a rise out of John, but John’s not buying it.
Sherlock turns his hand over so that the tips of his fingers are at John’s wrist and vice-versa, their heartbeats resting under the other’s fingerprints. “As am I.”
“Shared?” Sherlock asked, peeking over his bare shoulder at John.
He was strong lines and graceful curves, his hips cutting to the left and right to steer his body. Powerful calves shifted and contracted, angling his skis. His lean muscles flexed beneath the lycra as he twisted around a sharp turn and thudded over a jump, his head down and eyes focused as he rocketed ahead.
John was startlingly close, hand still gripping his shoulder hard, breath close enough for Sherlock to feel it, warm on his neck. He could just make out John’s profile, lips open, eyes slightly hooded, nostrils flared and breath coming fast.
“Sure you’re okay to go, boss?” Molly asked. She touched the side of his face lightly, just below the bruising, but Sherlock only nodded.
“Oi!” John tries to smack at his hand but isn’t fast enough. “How is it,” he deadpans, spearing a haricot vert.
Sherlock opted for only one run and packed up his equipment for his team to bring back, returning to the Athlete’s Village alone to find an adequate dinner and calm his sudden nerves over the complexity of the course. It was a challenge, to be sure, and he found himself equal parts excited and apprehensive about the difficulty level of the slopes. This was what sparked the fire in him, this was what sent the heady rush through his veins.
“Hey,” John says, shaking his head brashly, taking Sherlock’s face between his hands and placing a quick, hard kiss on the suddenly downturned lips. “Stop. Don’t think that this is something it isn’t. This is us, yeah? You know us,” John reasons, and when some of the tension drains from his limbs, adds, “Where’s the man who was just grabbing my arse?”
that, so why are you
“Yes, well, back to the
There was no warning save for the tightening of his hand in Sherlock’s hair, and John came, spurting hot and fast into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock did his best to keep up swallowing, but a bit managed to dribble out over his lips; he chased it with a tongue, just in time for a stripe to paint his chin in the last of John’s release.
, his mind chides, but he ignores it.
John’s arms unwind and he finds himself rounding the gurney, two fingers trailing along it. “What, then, is your job?” John smiles to himself; he’s not really curious, he’s just wondering how he can get another zinger in.
“Yeah,” John replies. “Good. And uh, you take your coffee black with two sugars? Just for, you know, future reference.”
John looked Sherlock up and down. “You took the last one about seven hours ago? Hm, one should be alright, but if you start feeling odd, cut yourself off.”
Sherlock is rarely genuinely flirty, and so John is caught off guard by it, feels like he’s being buffeted by some unseen wind. Regardless, it delights him, this so-clearly open and anticipatory Sherlock. This person whose heart he’s so carefully guarded for years now, is making it plain that he too has been guarding John’s heart in turn.
Well, John decides he’s allowed to indulge a little. It’s been
“It is,” Sherlock confirms and sips from his own wine; it’s really quite superb.
Superb athletes all, the sea of people vibrated with excited tension as they waited to board the flight that would take them to Sochi where they would compete in the name of Queen and country.
John grits his teeth for a moment and does his level best to ignore the message, instead delving into the job description and information about salary that’s been provided to him. But his interest keeps wavering; he can’t help but wonder what’s in the unopened message from guest_47995. John refocuses, berates himself for being so flighty, and finally makes it through the bulk of the information.
, his brother’s voice rings between his ears, and Sherlock tears at his hair to rid himself of the offensive drawl.
He moved fluidly, though his muscles protested immensely. His ribs screamed at him, red-hot pain pressing around his lungs, sizzling down his spine. Sherlock’s brain had control, however, not allowing him to give in and buckle to the immense discomfort. His eyes focused on the blue course markers as he whizzed by, his mind recalling the precise instances that he needed to shift his knees or backside, tuck his arms back further or duck into a turn.
Sherlock, rather than being taken aback by that, considers. He is odd, that’s true enough. What good would denying that do? And yet, John remains sitting across from him, smiling, apparently waiting for a response. The fact that he’s odd isn’t putting John off at all, it appears.
Once Moriarty and his followers had rounded the corner towards the locker room, Sherlock slipped from his seat and made his way hastily down the corridor in the opposite direction. It wouldn’t do for the press to see him sneaking away, so Sherlock located a service door used by the employees and ducked outside into the mid-morning sunlight.
Not being in the same flat with Sherlock was unacceptable, but reclaiming his old space in 221B was equally as faulty a plan.
“Hmmm?” she hums from her office, locating her coat and shutting the light. “Oh, yeah. Yes, he is.”
Bruised and bandaged, Sherlock left the examination room with a warning by the doctors to take it easy for the foreseeable future and a prescription for some fairly powerful painkillers. He stuffed the script into his trouser pocket and went off in search of John and Greg.
He could very nearly taste the sweetness of victory as his skis rocketed him past the spectators.
By the time their food arrived they’d both tried two of the four vodkas they had been brought to sample. Sherlock felt warm and heavy, delightful really, and he noted the way John had melted back into his seat, legs splaying out just the slightest bit further apart beneath the table.
“Mmm,” Sherlock stood, his joints cracking with the effort.
“Ah,” was all Sherlock said, and he stood there looking blankly over at John; waiting for what, he was unsure. It felt as though he were underwater; his vision rippled and swam and his limbs felt heavy. All he wanted to do was crawl into the nearest bed and sleep it off.
was ten times what I’d normally pay, wasn’t obvious enough, the romance started about, oh, let’s say nine years and ten months ago.”
She takes a prim little sip and then levels him with her intense gaze. “You’re nervous. Tell me why.”
“I was right,” John said sleepily after a time.
“Okay…” John breathed as Sherlock’s gazed down at him.
“...No.”
He types it carefully into the tiny, white window and stops, index finger shifting to and hovering over the “delete” button. Sherlock tugs at his hair with his free hand, simultaneously completely irrational for needing human interaction and desperately in need of someone to talk to, and is confused that he’s even considering any of this as valid.
John finishes up his dinner and cleans up; he gets into bed at a decent time and falls asleep after only three hours of tossing and turning. When he awakes the next morning, he goes directly to his computer and opens his email, intending to really review what Molly has sent him regarding the job.
He decides that he’s rather proud of what he’s accomplished and sends a silent
As though it had been her fault.
John slowly puts the fork down, his eyes narrowing as he turns fully towards the laptop. Swiping at his lips with the back of a hand, he clicks the link. A web page opens on his profile page, where the private message was sits in his inbox, bolded, unopened.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched and then settled. He sank his chopsticks into a bowl of noodles. “Effervescent,” he said quietly, soft eyes holding John’s.
“Like Mrs. Hudson even does leases! Next time you’re going to threaten me, make sure there’s some truth behind it,” John chuckles and reaches for the glass of ice water set on the floor.
“My god,” Sherlock gasped, “oh my god.”
Of course he wouldn’t think that, they were
the morgue technician?”
. John rolls his eyes at that, which is a knee-jerk reaction he’s surprised by, but clicks on the link.
“What?
. “I…”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, and his voice sounds–even to himself–a million miles away.
“Once more with the romance,” Sherlock intones the last word with what John is sure he means to be disgust, but sounds much more like bashfulness.
That he’s
Sherlock was surprised by a brief, dry chuckle and then, “There really aren’t. Not sitting with the boarders, they’re drunk already. Curlers too, though that’s really no surprise.” The voice was pleasant enough and with an edge of defiance that Sherlock could appreciate, but that didn’t mean that Sherlock wanted the man sitting with him. “You took two of the blankets,” he continued, and Sherlock heard him loading his bags into the overhead bin, obviously not heeding the suggestion that he sit elsewhere; the row jostled a bit when he sat down with a happy sigh, which caused Sherlock to finally open his eyes.
How wonderful.
It takes them one long circuit around the walking path before Sherlock breaks the silence. “I’ve no idea why I asked him to dinner. It’s too
“Maybe stop talking and do it,” John challenges and Sherlock does, angles his lips against John’s and their mouths open, easily, and there’s nothing chaste about it. Sherlock’s fingers dig into John’s hip and John shuffles closer, his hands reaching to slip and tangle in Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock shoves his notebook back into his coat, snags a chart off of the body before him and begins flipping through it. John reaches forward and snatches it right back, smacking it down on a vacant gurney with a metallic slap. Sherlock raises his brows, amused smile curving his lips, and John fumes and they stare at one another in stand off.
The young skier was only twenty-two years old--
one can’t be too careful.”
“Yeah, well, I’m jaded. Now, are you taking me to lunch to thank me for setting you up to jump through these hoops, is my question.”
John regards Sherlock, takes in his demeanor, makes his own, simpler deductions. Sherlock isn’t put out by being here, of that John is entirely sure. Perhaps he is as intrigued about John and John is by him, and wouldn’t
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Greg rushing towards the barrier, arms open and eyes issuing a challenge. Sherlock grinned and threw an arm around his shoulders, tugging him into a strong hug.
Sherlock slumped down onto his bed, quite content for the time being; he crossed his legs and closed his eyes, basking in a shaft of sunlight that was slotting in through the curtains and warming his pillow. He’d review the information packet about the Parade of Nations in a bit, but for the moment he wanted to relax and center himself, give his mind a bit more time to recover from the hell he’d put it through in the days previous.
And Sherlock is, without a doubt, interested.
He doesn’t know what he’ll do if he sees it all and feels nothing.
John pulls away, down, takes Sherlock’s bollocks carefully in hand and smooths over them, scratching ever-so lightly against the furred skin.
“You’ve only known me a few days.”
Sherlock’s shoulder had gone from throbbing to numb; his fingers were cold and he couldn’t move them. Circulation to his arm had been cut off entirely, bent at such an odd angle. “That’s your handwriting in the ledger, isn’t it? Your tackle box? Your prints all over it? He doesn’t do any of the dealings himself, does he? Moriarty distances himself, so when it all goes wrong, he can’t be implicated. Doesn’t he?” Sherlock knew it to be true but posed it as questions, aware that if he laid it out plainly, Moran would come to the conclusion he to which he was desperately trying to draw him.
Sherlock blinked out at the course and then back at her, mouth set in a determined line. “Have I given you reason to believe I’m not capable?”
: What?
ever.”
: Is it not within your purview to answer a simple trauma-related question? I suppose that this is what I get for presenting a serious, medical question to an unverified, online community. You’ve all been of absolutely no help.
: Luckily, I can just sign off and call it quits
Which is ridiculous, John realizes. ll he has to do it seize the moment, capitalize on it, shine a light on what they both know is there, and a dozen other metaphors for working up the goddamned nerve to just tell Sherlock how he feels. How they both feel. Instead of seizing that moment he knows he has, John swirls the liquid in his glass, watches it.
, his inner voice provides.
The skiing world had been shocked, and Sherlock had gone on to win the event, Moriarty clinching silver, a point which he bemoaned in the press for days. Sure, skiers had large egos, Sherlock could attest to that (though he wouldn’t readily admit it.) But had Moriarty been intending to win by any means necessary?
he pecks out, smiling the whole time.
“Yeah?” John casts a glance over his shoulder.
Sherlock is shocked to find himself smiling back, crossing his ankles and sitting forward. He’s being… genial. Rarely is he ever this easygoing at the Yard, even in Lestrade’s presence. How positively baffling; from the look on Lestrade’s face, it seems that he’s noticed as well. Sherlock cuts to the point of his visit, hoping that Lestrade won’t call his chipperness into question. “Bored, you must have
A sigh passes through Sherlock’s nose, but he smiles as he says, “Please.”
Sherlock nods once.
Sherlock shrugged, hands deep in the pockets of his light jacket. “Why lie? I’m fantastic at what I do.”
“Right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,” John’s voice is hurried, like this is the first time, like he’s sixteen again. “Condom.”
It’s not enough to cure all, it’s not enough to lift the dark cloud that looms above him permanently, but John finds himself looking at a child sneaking in to pick a daisy, and smiles for real, for the first time in what feels like years.
, is all that Sherlock can think to respond with, which displeases him greatly and sends him, frowning, to sit in his chair, his laptop perched on his knees.
John clicks on
John sighed and his eyes popped open, clearly deciding how to proceed. “Not particularly. Needed a job and I used to ski a bit.”
Molly begins showing him the process for intake and John is paying close attention. It’s quite different from intake on a living patient--this he knows--and he wants to learn it properly. They’re halfway through the procedure on notification of next of kin when the doors to the lab burst noisily open, hitting the wall before swinging closed.
John shrugs, “Well, when you put it like that it sounds really inappropriate. Yeah, sorry.”
“It’s a compliment,” John rushed to explain, but Sherlock just frowned.
Apparently Sherlock’s expression wasn’t schooled to the cool mask he’d thought because Moriarty looked into his eyes and broke into delighted giggles. “Oh you poor man, have it bad for this little fellow,” and then Moriarty touched John, ruffled his hair even as John tried to torque away and Sherlock could no long tether the rage that was coiled at the base of his spine.
John says.
The desk clerk disappeared behind a partition momentarily and then appeared holding a large box full of identical room keys; she looked triumphant. “One of these is your key, we will find it.”
Sherlock sighed and bit the terse response that he had on his tongue. “Yes.”
he wills himself.
John frowns and sits back on the hard, wooden chair, staring at the text input screen of his newly-minted blog. He can’t think of a thing to say, can’t think of one single part of his day that’s compelling enough to share on the web. He’d spent a good two hours learning how to set the damn thing up, change the font to his liking, and add a photo, but now it all seems like such a waste.
like his brother.
John’s mouth flickers in a half-smile, “We going to do this properly, then?”
Now Sherlock had the upper hand; he delighted in moments like this, situations where he could show off his powers of observation and deduction. “No…”
That garners a laugh from him. “Which half?”
It took him some time to find his way through the illogical, labyrinthine layout but he eventually found them seated in a small reception area. They were both nursing cups of coffee--the first thing Sherlock noticed. The second was how haggard John appeared: bright purple splotches on his face, a vicious stripe of red across the bridge of his nose. His clothes hung, awkward and loose on his frame, and he balanced his elbows precariously on the arms of the rickety-looking wheelchair in an odd position as though his spine couldn’t hold him upright.
John is deleting the rest of his inbox when his phone pings with a reply from Guest.
; it couldn’t be without motive, and Sherlock wanted to know why.
It occurs to Sherlock that John is no longer by his side, and he stops fretting about what all of this is or isn’t and joins him at the small table to the left of Lestrade’s desk. John and Lestrade are chatting, friendly, buddy-buddy. Rugby, the construction on the Bakerloo line; normal, human things.
He feels a bit terrible about that, as they walk back home. If John5NF is indeed as interesting and entertaining in person as he is online, it shouldn’t matter what he looks like. But if Sherlock were to want to kiss him-and he does, he finds, want to find out about John5NF’s body
“You’ve never taken a date there?”
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums and pulls out his mobile. “Just as I know you were invalided home from the war and have a psychosomatic limp.” John’s eyes flash at that. “Which your therapist has diagnosed, quite rightly.”
: Was there a liver temp taken?
“See, Lestrade, I’m not a complete monster.” John reached over and gave him a little pat on his shoulder. It was out of camaraderie, Sherlock was sure, but that didn’t stop his entire body from going sweet and warm with the contact.
Reaching into his pocket, he withdrew his Olympic identification and bank card and scraped off a little sample, sandwiching it between the pieces of plastic; he’d show it to Molly and Greg the first chance he got.
decided to cautiously consider a friend was a terrible, terrible idea. Sherlock quickly wrapped up his shower and stepped out into the steamy room.
He’s entirely occupied with his work and completely forgets about the impending meeting with John5NF until he receives an email from him later that evening. Instantaneously, disappointing thoughts race through his mind. Could John5NF be cancelling? Calling them out for this ridiculous situation that they’ve gotten themselves into?
“John, I-”
“Who’s the doctor here?” He maneuvers back, shifts minutely as he does so, and cringes.
She glances down at her watch, “But you have over two hours.”
Sherlock is very nearly certain that all air has been sucked out of the room, making it impossible for sound to travel.
“Sorry, didn’t hear you?” John pretends, tugs at Sherlock’s hair again.
Sherlock’s gaze snaps from where it had settled to meet John’s gaze. “What?”
Chicken tikka--his favorite dish--is delivered steaming, with a bowl of rice and a plate of naan. He knows that it looks delicious, but it smells like the color beige to him and tastes like cardboard. He only eats it because he knows that he needs sustenance.
“Why would you tell her I like baths?”
he manages and then stops. He likes chatting with John5NF, he just
He does a cursory check of the news and then logs into his email. There’s a hefty amount of junk which he deletes and then notices that Molly has emailed him all of the documents that she had promised. He reads them over quickly, resolving to give them a proper look in the morning, with fresh eyes. He is sorting through the rest of his inbox--who knew people could accumulate so much mail when they did relatively little in terms of web browsing--when he notices a personal message from the chat room he’s joined.
“Do I?” John prompts, reaching across to steal the piece of broccoli Sherlock clearly isn’t eating.
for John’s attention, was asking for it; though he did, he certainly didn’t want to be
you keep them all straight?”
“I know,” Sherlock  whispers back and covers John’s forearm with his own. “I know.”
“Molls is it now?” Sherlock scoffed and crossed his arms haughtily over his chest, glaring at Lestrade. “What are you doing here anyway? You’re not my coach.”
“Move with me,” Sherlock asks and levers himself up. He swears he can feel every vein and ridge of John’s heavy prick inside of him. It’s glorious, it almost feels like too much and then John moves to meet him, their hips pistoning in opposite directions.
Sherlock was too knackered to ignore it, and he wiped at his eyes with firm fists. “Exhausted. I take it you were unable to find out anything about my room?”
Sherlock Holmes is not a coward; if anything, he should give John5NF the
John didn’t take the bait, just raised a brow and said, “What offers do you have?” It wasn’t a secret that Sherlock Holmes was eagerly sought after by various media outlets, both for his appearance, but also for his scathing commentary. He’d been dubbed “The King of Zing,” by Johnny Weir, who was both an authority on the matter, and knew Sherlock would hate the nickname.
Sherlock smiles at him then, the stiffness leaving his body as he leans back in his seat, draping his arm across the back of the chair of which he’s abreast. “That’s not what people normally say.”
“Alright,” Sherlock says quietly.
The waitress returns with a bottle of wine in hand, presenting it for Sherlock’s judgment. She uncorks it and lets him have a taste, and once he deems it acceptable, two glasses are poured and placed before them.
Sherlock turned to look at him and couldn’t help but smile at the resolve he saw in John’s frame, the fire and determination in his gaze. A hot flare of attraction flared in his stomach and his chest grew hot and constricted as he acknowledged the unabashed affection he felt. “Well,” he returned his attention to his ex-coach. “Is all of that settled, then?”
you now? Well good, that’s good. I hope enjoying yourself will aid in your unseating Moriarty as champion.”
“Do shut up.”
John blinks, his tongue going dry. He is on immediate alert. Is this someone he should know? Is this someone he’s known in the past? “Right, sorry, you’re-”
felt strange about doing so. And now he’s reaching out to John5NF again because…
“Shut up,” John groans, tossing an arm over his eyes briefly, slides up next to Sherlock’s tacky body.
Sherlock smiled at her. “That can be arranged.”
John smiles to himself, eyes slipping close, pleased with being able to wake up with Sherlock in the room, no matter how. “You’re just pissed you’re not competing, old man.”
Sherlock blinked twice and ran his tongue over the roof of his mouth, gathering saliva. “Key card didn’t work and every single member of the staff seem to have disappeared.”
Sighing, he retrieves an apple from the tiny, makeshift kitchen and moves to his computer. There’s an email from Harry, updating him on her progress—something mandated by her own therapist, he’s sure—and with a roll of his eyes, he leaves it 'read' in his inbox, planning to respond at a later time. John clicks around the internet, catching himself up on the news and the weather, until he remembers the chat room that he signed up for.
How spectacularly simple of him, how ridiculous. They’d shared a short chat on the plane and nothing more; Sherlock couldn’t possibly fathom why he’d become so invested in the man.
“And,” Lestrade continued, now sitting up straight with his hands against his knees. “You’re not the only one involved now, you’ve got John here – who by the way, is completely mad as is if he’s associating with you.” The latter was served with a twist of mouth but a soft gaze; Lestrade was implying that what they’d found together was something he approved of, but also not something to treat lightly. “He’s all messed up in this and if things go south-“
And so Sherlock grumbles to himself and constructs a basic salad with spinach pilfered from his landlady, chopping up a carrot that had surely seen better days to add some color to the proceedings. He eats it all and then gobbles down the eclair with a bit less guilt.
They both came back to London a quarter of a stone heavier, with the hint of a tan.
. As he suspected, there was no real discernible difference between the sample he’d taken from Moriarty’s rooms and the other waxes he had on hand. If only he had access to a lab, then he might be able to make some actual progress.
“Don’t I know it,” John breathes, finding the courage to sling his arms loosely around Sherlock’s hips as they come together for a hug. “Filling your mind palace with all sorts of filth.”
next to where the subject should be, though it reads
John groaned low in his throat and then choked out a cough. “I’m a contusion, Christ, I didn’t think--”
And that, too, enraged him and he sent a curled fist flying back into the brick. This was exactly what Moriarty wanted, for Sherlock to be off of his game and therefore more liable to make an error in the final. Pressing his teeth together, Sherlock swallowed against the bile that had begun to rise and levered himself away from the wall, setting off once more with determined steps towards his hotel. He felt unhinged and adrift, full of tense energy, and he opted to take the steps up to his room rather than wait for the elevator. He bounded up all five flights, not bothering to pause as he burst through the door to the floor.
for him to say something in return.
“That is to say,” he clears his throat, but that doesn’t sound right, either. How can he put any of this into words? How can he possibly verbalize what’s in his veins?
With a deep, heaving breath, he stops thinking and simply acts, steps over the threshold of the park and starts up a path, aimless but determined. There are tourists everywhere, holding hands, sitting on benches, enjoying the day. Children squeal and run between the legs of adults. Lovers kiss beneath trees, raindrops dappling their heads as the branches quiver in the breeze.
The annoyed groan he emitted was loud enough that it startled him even as it happened and he pressed his face down into the pillow while swiping the ‘accept call’ bar and bringing the phone as close to his mouth as he was able.
With each passing publication, John wonders what specifically about the case caused Sherlock to keep the media that was printed surrounding it. He wonders if Sherlock had felt sentimental. t’s silly, but John hopes he had felt that way, as John himself is feeling that way currently, reliving their combined past. It’s another few minutes of glancing at newsprint before John finds something so noteworthy that he has to speak up.
, isn’t he? Would hate for something to happen to
“Yes John,” Sherlock says, into his mouth, and twists his wrist; John groans as though in pain, his head tipping back from the sheer pleasure of it all. Sherlock touching him with such care, he finds he can’t breathe. The words they’d spoken just short minutes ago knocking him over the head all over again.
What were the chances that Moriarty had crossed Hanzu’s path? What were the chances that they had
“Ha, that was a sex holiday. But this, I could get used to this.” John gripped Sherlock’s hand in return.
Sherlock had taken this case—a seven, not normally enough to get them on a train headed north—without much fanfare, on the possibility of connecting a decades-old cold case to a recent slaying. He hadn’t admitted it aloud, but then he hadn’t needed to, that this was a chance to get out, away, just the two of them.
It means something else.
If he could dislocate his thumb, he might possibly be able to slip through the bonds. But as stoic as he could manage to be, he wasn’t sure he could maintain his composure through the inevitable pain long enough to free himself and incapacitate their captor. His subconscious buzzed unhelpfully as he tore through the halls of his mind searching for anything, a ghost of an idea, carefully not watching as Moran readied himself to dispose of them.
“I’ve not had to reprimand you prior to now regarding your behavior but if you can’t seem to manage both a silly, romantic dalliance and your job, I’ll find someone who is quite capable of it.”
Sherlock had to swallow again, in order to get his tongue to work properly. “Yes, right. Timing.”
Sherlock wants to growl after her, but to do so would be giving Lestrade precious moments to secure the file away, and so instead, he lunges across the desk and snatches it up. “You could have just asked,” Lestrade says, tiredly, and stands. “Just… don’t take it out of my office, yeah? I’m going to get a coffee. You want?”
“Not-” he begins, only to be abruptly cut off.
Sherlock hazards that it’s likely the latter.
John takes a moment to gather himself back together, and flicks his eyes open on a satisfied sigh to find Sherlock gazing down at him. He’s a bit surprised to find that the tips of Sherlock’s sticky fingers are in his hair, stroking delicately, and he doesn’t mind one bit. John’s mouth curves into a half smile, and he can tell from how it feels on his face, he must look absolutely goofy.
Sherlock steeled himself and rushed to get his words out, before he could convince himself that he was being too sentimental. “What you wanted, to have me just to yourself for awhile. I want it, I want
John chuckles into the sweetness of Sherlock’s skin, kisses under his chin, licks over his Adam’s apple and suckles there for a moment before pulling abruptly off. “Just a mo’,” he says breathlessly, and bounces back to the side of the bed, stripping himself of his socks.
: Why do you ask?
The thought of lying to John turns his stomach, makes him feel–somehow–even more wretched. John is… John Watson, the amalgamation of his online persona and his real self, is a wonderful accident of a human being. He’s perhaps the least boring person that Sherlock Holmes has met and Sherlock in his infinite wisdom realizes that… he can’t lose this. He can’t lose this thing that is budding between them. The only person he’s truly engaged with since… Sherlock can’t remember when; the only person that Sherlock looks forward to speaking with.
“Would love to,” John nods, feeling incredibly wrung out all of a sudden. He feels lighter, too, having aired such a wealth of emotions tonight, but due to the conflicting impulses in his mind and body, he’s exhausted. Sherlock steps in the room first, soft light from the bedside lamp the only illumination.
“And I’ll be needing the black gloves, not the green ones, post haste, chop chop!” Sherlock tested the goggles against his skull, pulled them off and readjusted, ignoring Molly’s insinuation entirely.  It was only a moment before she returned, gloves in hand and a knowing smile on her lips.
“He’s a surgeon, but after being in combat for years he’s looking for something a little less exciting,” Mike fills in for him and John releases a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding. He’s not quite sure whether to feel grateful or upset for Mike glossing over his history.
There is silence, save for their erratic breathing. John turns to the nightstand and scoops up the empty glass there, retreats to the loo to fill it. He returns and gives Sherlock the first pull, he himself finishing off the dregs. Instead of returning to his side of the bed, he settles next to Sherlock’s left hip, places a palm down against his sternum and gives Sherlock a questioningly-hopeful look.
He glances up briefly from his mobile, playing unassuming to perfection. “Yes.”
“I… sure, yeah? Thanks?” John said, unsure of where Sherlock was headed.
“No worries,” Sherlock returns, not unkindly, and crosses to the other side of Baker Street with a reluctant Redbeard in tow.
Instead, he watches as other users pick up on the odd inquiry.
Sherlock hurled a pillow in John’s direction as hard as he could manage, but John was able to escape unscathed. “Don’t forget to ice that foot!” he called over his shoulder before rushing to close the door behind him.
John looked his fill and then got out of bed with a grumble of displeasure. After a moment, he returned to swat Sherlock’s arse playfully; he bit his lip, stood back and just gazed at Sherlock’s lithe form beneath the sheets. “Just focus. We can deal with this Moriarty business when you’ve completed your run.”
He chatted absently when the people seated near him would bring him into the conversation, if only to stave off boredom. After a bit, he zoned out, taking the opportunity to call to mind the names and abilities of the other skiers against whom he would be competing. There was a large list and he compared himself to the others, knowing full well that his main competition would be James Moriarty.
“Hah!” John jumps away from the delightful pressure and then presses back towards it. “You sure?”
They take a cab to Barts and once they arrive, Mike insists on paying. “You got the coffee,” he says with a shrug and John allows it, because he knows that Mike is not the sort of person who feels that others are beholden to him.
There’s some shuffling and rearranging of the bedding, and Sherlock turns away, his back to John, though his body so close the warmth seeps into John’s skin. It’s not cuddling, not exactly, but it’s so close that it stuns John. Baby steps, he reminds himself.
The Norwegian team laughed while the rest of the hut tittered with nervous giggles; Sherlock remained silent and indifferent, sniffing and glancing out at the course and the flurry of activity that was taking place inside of the officials’ tent. It was only when Moriarty paced right up into Sherlock’s personal space that the rest of the inhabitants of the hut felt free enough to take up their conversations again.
“Well that’s,” Sherlock tried, blinking blankly at John when he pulled back. “That’s, that’s…”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock’s arms come out and pull, winding behind John’s neck to bring their mouths together. Only when he has John’s lips against his does he wind his right hand between their bodies, managing a stroke every time John levers himself out.
And John laughs, Sherlock shattering every fear he’d had about things being awkward, or things changing drastically, throwing them off kilter. “Yeah, okay. Maybe a bit of a lie-in first?”
“Yes! Fine! I’m a good human!” Sherlock says through gritted teeth, though a laugh punctuates the end of the assertion, as John shoves his head playfully away and then dips in to drop a kiss high on his cheekbone.
“Good.” John released a loud breath. “Now should I phone him or would you like to?”
With a sigh, Sherlock gave his number and begged off, giving a stilted goodbye before hurrying away. He was halfway to the hotel before he realized foremost: that they' were going to the same place and he could have waited. Secondly, he never got John’s mobile number in return. That was rather rude, he supposed, but it would be far too awkward if he were to turn around and double back and
“That depends entirely on the case,” Sherlock replies, dragging a roll through his sauce before turning it over and letting the other side soak up the sodium.
you find something, there’s going to be a media circus, a scandal, and it’s going to cause the IOC to turn a serious eye on all skiers. Are you sure you’re ready for that?”
, came the second warning. Sherlock felt a jolt of bile rise in his throat that was allayed instantly by a sense of overwhelming calm.
Again, she nodded, “What was going through your head right before this race?”
John’s teeth grind against one another as he tries to shake off the feeling of being peeled open. He very nearly feels violated. “How… could you possibly know I have a therapist.”
He didn’t want to attempt to get in through the front door unless he’d exhausted his other options, and now, as he made his way back to the front, he noted that the thoroughfare had become too busy for his presence to go unnoticed. Cursing himself, he checked the time and found that he had just enough to get back to his room for a shower and meet John.
Sherlock laughed, rolled slowly and carefully over onto his stomach and smooshed his face into the pillow momentarily. When he came up for air, he found that John had rounded the bed and was securing his watch on his wrist. “And where are you going?”
John’s slightly stony expression softens into a smile, “I’m right here.”
Of course he’d then forgotten.
It’s no longer all that odd.
Greg nodded in agreement, eyes closed as his head hung back. “John’s right, Moriarty’s a fucking nutter, there was no planning for all of this… this…” Greg sighed and managed a weak, “bullshit.”
Sherlock snatched up his phone from the arm of the sofa and twiddled it between thumb and forefinger before shooting off a few quick responses to Lestrade and Molly, assuring them that he’d heard the news and that he’d be in touch with the both of them later.
Sherlock shakes his head, once, massaging out his temples. The tumble into memory and subsequent personal discovery has left him feeling tired, but simultaneously reinvigorated. If he’d known he needed a more firm grasp of his contentment, he’s have tidied his mind palace long ago.
“You can’t-”
John, pulling up short behind Sherlock when he stops, glances from Sally to Sherlock, Sherlock to Sally. “That’s pretty… unprofessional,” he says. His arms, formerly at his sides, come up to cross securely over his chest.
Sherlock swallowed and a rush of sound hit him; he flinched, licked his lips and heaved out a single breath. He turned and met the eyes of Molly, Phillip and the rest of his team where they stood by the exit to the hut. He wouldn’t be needing them anymore after today; he wouldn’t be needing them anymore,
He was seated at the small desk, tapping away at his computer, oblivious to Sherlock’s consciousness. Sherlock did his best to clear his throat primly and John turned, a gentle smile curving his lips. “Bet you’re feeling that in your back.”
Stowing his bag easily, he snatched up two of the blankets that were folded on the seats and draped them over his lap, settling into the far seat and buckling in. It would be some time before take off with the various athletes securing their equipment properly. The interior of the airplane was live with a cacophony of chatter and Sherlock felt his ire notch up a bit at the commotion; he’d been through this before, many times, but each trip it seemed to grate on his patience more.
They stared at one another for a long moment, John’s swiping his tongue over his upper lip and eyes blown wide with arousal. Sherlock looked back at him, honest and open and just as aroused as John was. Sherlock blinked, took a step back and slid his fingers through the belt loops on John’s jeans. “You’ve had a long day,” he breathed. “Please consider staying here even if we don’t get up to anything.”
“For christ’s sake,” Sherlock mumbles. He leans forward, and presses their mouths together. “Stop talking,” he says against John’s lips, breath gusting over John’s parted mouth.
magazine and whistled.
Sherlock’s eyes were lidded, he felt his cheeks heat with a flush and he looked at John as a sated smile spread across his lips. “I’m quite the surprise.”
He blinks his eyes open once when Redbeard saunters in and hops up onto the bed; once the dog is settled, Sherlock closes his eyes once more and very nearly has to force himself to sleep but manages it eventually.
They wind up taking a cab to Molly’s local and Molly orders them both a glass of wine, something Sherlock is grateful for; he’s not sure that he could stomach lager. They’re silent for a bit, Molly content to watch the other patrons around them, Sherlock staring down into the depths of his glass.
What positively
It’s a disappointment when they reach their table and John’s hand falls away as they sit down. They’re seated at a small, wobbly table sandwiched between an enormous, empty brick fireplace and faux-weathered picture window. Sherlock takes a stick of chewing gum from his pocket, folds it in half and bends to secure it beneath the table leg, his curls nearly catching fire from the small candle situated towards the outer edge. John snatches it away, and Sherlock glances up in surprise.
Turning his face this way and that, he tries to understand the ways in which John thinks he’s attractive. Sherlock isn’t a terribly vain man, or perhaps just a little; he knows the effect he has on men and women alike. He knows how to “turn it on.” But he can’t for the life of him figure out what a man like
He sat back and waited for John to flip through the various articles he’d pulled up. While John read, Sherlock reclined and allowed himself a moment of sheer appreciation for John Watson. His strong callused hands, the line of his shoulders, the efficient, military cut of his hair. This was a handsome man, and that, coupled with John’s obvious intelligence, apparent penchant for disregarding what was best for him, and attraction to Sherlock, made him very nearly perfect.
Brow scrunched, Sherlock experienced a moment of complete and utter nothingness before his finger swiped the trackpad to click on the link.
eyes.
Philip stepped forward with Sherlock’s skis and the group stepped back, falling silent once more. “Now,” Philip said, with gravitas. “Let’s get you into these fuckers and send you down that mountain at eighty miles an hour.”
Sherlock sighs and pulls himself up out of his seat in a decidedly dramatic fashion. “How on earth the Met sees fit to keep you on the payroll I will never-”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums again and then lets it go. He’s warm and safe in the cradle of John’s arms. He has someone who loves him, he has a sport that he still finds excitement in even if he can’t actively participate, and he is making in-roads in his detecting. He feels selfish, finding himself at such a low point when he has so much to be glad for.
By the time the police had been dealt with and the scene had been documented by photographers and delegates of the IOC, the sun had slipped behind the mountains and Sherlock was quickly losing his patience with the deluge of people who had invaded the room, and John was struggling with not falling asleep.
Sherlock’s mouth tipped upward in a smile. John smiled back cautiously and licked his lips, sat up a bit straighter; he cleared his throat, straightened his spine and took on a stance Sherlock could only place as military. John looked steadfast, ready to take on the battles that lay ahead. “So, where do we begin?” he asked, all business. “After all, you’re the one who likes puzzles.”
“Do you…” Sherlock begins and then trails off, shaking his head at his inability to form sentences that sound correct.
, later I’ve some things in store for you,” and with that John pressed his body flush against the back of the cupboard and left Sherlock to slump into the wall beside him.
Sherlock shakes his head, swirls his wine. “I find that I can’t. It’s… distracting.”
He was in the midst of reviewing what he knew - head tipped back and eyes shifting beneath closed lids - when there was a pounding at his room door. Startled out of his reverie, he bounded up from the bed and tossed open the door, realizing rather belatedly that he was naked save for a pair of black boxer briefs.
His voice didn’t seem like his own to his ears. It sounded weak and helpless, not at all effective for the cause.
John interrupted him with a bright grin, “You want to treat me when we’re back in
True, Sherlock had left him alone at the scene, but he’d seen himself home, splurged on a cab—had to make an excuse with Molly that he feels quite guilty about—and found himself wondering when he’d be able to see Sherlock again, if Sherlock would let him “assist” him again. John Watson is no one’s assistant, but perhaps a trusted colleague, someone who can lend a necessary, medical hand… well...
--and their obvious body language, Sherlock tethering John to himself openly, affectionately. One woman rolled her eyes while another man carefully, primly averted his gaze. And though their reaction was no surprise, while Sherlock knew he should have expected it, it caused a little bubble of anger to burst in the center of his chest.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and huffs, but is already beginning to unbutton his cuffs and roll them up towards his elbow. “Don’t be difficult, John. I have epsom salt. It would be better than you just lazing about here.”
Sherlock fished for his room card in one of his inner pockets and came up with it between two fingers, sliding it through the reader quickly. When neither the accepted nor the denied signal lit, he tried it again, slower and then twice more.
“Have you any plans for after all of this wraps up?” Sherlock attempted to sound nonchalant, though he couldn’t help but speculate as to what would become of
Sherlock finds himself slightly charmed and reaches out, shaking firmly; model good looks and a skier's body, he is momentarily arrested by Kenworthy’s rugged though polished demeanor. Sherlock had taken notice of Kenworthy, simply due to the fact that both he and Sherlock were skiers. John had caught Sherlock mid-perusal of Kenworthy’s Instagram, and they’d both taken a moment to appreciate his abs.
“Does that frighten you?” Sherlock asks, the curiosity in his voice bleeding through the assured tone. “My deductions?”
“I suppose I’m not… I mean… I don’t know.” Sherlock’s brow lifted in confusion; something
Sherlock narrows his gaze and feels that prickle again and realizes belatedly that he doesn’t feel at all put out to be at lunch with John rather than procuring body parts from Molly.
Sherlock returns home, debates changing his clothing and decides against it; he doesn’t want to seem too eager or make it seem like this is…a date. But is it a date? Surely it isn’t a date, because John had been very clear when he’d said he wanted to start over. And that meant as friends, didn’t it?
John meets Sherlock’s purpose, allowing his bottom lip to settle between both of Sherlock’s. He allows Sherlock a moment to lead before he turns it a bit filthier, pressing wet kisses against Sherlock’s jaw, and just beneath. Sherlock grants him access, his head lolling against his shoulders.
On his back, he wiggles his arse and settles, bed clothing tucked up beneath his armpits. “First things first,” John says, shimmying closer to Sherlock beneath the sheets. “If I’d known about how comfortable your mattress was years ago…”
It’s there, John’s jagged tears against Sherlock’s smoothed and softened edges, ten years from
John does his best to ignore him, scans the paper, susses out some of the clues to the crossword, but finds that he can
“You’re particularly filthy this week,” John mentions, just as a waitress comes by with a tray full of banchan. John keeps his gaze on Sherlock as he thanks her and begins picking at the offerings.
here,” John grumbles, but know that Sherlock will see the truth of it all. John’s cheeks color with his effort not to be embarrassed.
fan!”
a heart.”
He smiles to himself and Molly catches him at it, her eyes narrowing as she tries to figure him out; her tongue runs beneath her top lip and over her teeth as she makes an attempt at deducing him. “Right,” she says eventually. “Alright, well, thanks. I mean, thank you for the coffee Sherlock. We… appreciate it.”
“All of these years, you’ve been developing it, taking athletes out one by one,” Sherlock ventured.
Euphoria, pure and sweet, overtook him as he cut down the mountain.
Feeling positively energized and thankfully not too wretched from the alcohol, Sherlock sprang from the bed and went off to have a long shower, mind humming with the possibilities that a few runs down the other practice courses held. He didn’t want to use one of his two practice runs today, so far away from the actual race, and besides, Greg hadn’t even had a look at the course yet.
“I…” John seemed to consider his words carefully, even as he reached out a hand to rest over Sherlock’s knoee. “I want you to win, I think I’ve made that rather plain. And not just to you. I like you a lot and I don’t- I don’t like how he baits you, how he talks about you in the press. I just don’t. And if that colors my judgement then…”
“You’re the first to go, Moran. It’s you, and you know it. Release us and I will assure you safe passage out of the country. I will assure your anonymity when I bring Jim Moriarty to his knees.” Sherlock was shocked he’d been able to speak as much as he had, between the sickening pain lingering in the pit of his stomach and his anxiety at Moran’s unpredictable behavior; he was getting through to him, if his ability to speak freely for this long was any indication. He just had to keep him on the hook.
“That so,” John says, wondering where the conversation could be going.
That night, John peels Sherlock out of his clothing, and Sherlock-uncharacteristically-lets him. He takes his time, sliding buttons through their holes, dotting kisses on newly-bared skin. Sherlock feels as though he’s being worshipped, and he finds himself giving his body and mind over entirely to the sensation.
And then another,
Sherlock smiles one of those fake, false things, fingers hovering above the keyboard. “A bomb of some sort.”
“I do,” Sherlock agreed, “I really do.”
When he got to the line, a burst of chilled air hit his face and he inhaled deeply, his chest immediately protesting. With all of the endorphins he’d nearly forgotten about his injuries, had nearly forgotten about all that had happened to him over the previous week. He gazed down upon the mountain below him; sun dappled the shadows of trees across the course, the bright blue of the course marker seemed more vivid and vibrant, the orange warning fencing throbbed hot and alive in his vision and he sucked in a calming breath deep into his lungs.
Behind him, he could hear Greg shouting through the thick fog surrounding his head things like “Yes!” and “Bloody right!” and “Best in the world, right here!”
“Right, yes, wanker. He thought he could have a whole row to himself-”
“We can stop all this, then?” Sherlock asks, breathless, pathetically pleading. “You can sleep in my bed. You can tell Rosie, properly that I’m-”
opinion,” John added, giving in and linking their arms together.
Molly tears her gaze away, gives a little, uncomfortable laugh and picks at the cardboard cover around her hot coffee cup. “Oh, uhm, don’t be angry, don’t… get upset but your uhm, your blind date or
Sherlock watched as John shrugged into his jeans and then glanced down at the bed once more, longingly. “I hope when this is all over...” John began and stopped short, and then stood straight, composing himself.
And they they were in each other's arms, John’s coffee abandoned quickly on the little end table. They held each other carefully, mindful of their injuries, John grunting when Sherlock’s fingers dug in too hard. “You shouldn’t be out of a hospital bed,” Sherlock murmured into the hair where he’d pressed his lips.
“Problem?”
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, walking as briskly as was possible in his state towards his hotel.
“You think-” John began.
“Bit of trouble, too,” Sherlock comes off nonchalant, his mouth set in a thin line. John can already feel the buzzing in his bones, the urge to get up and
“Later,” John vows quietly, and presses against Sherlock, spurring him to turn around. “Let me know if…” And he trails off, pouring a bit more soap into his hands before he starts in on Sherlock’s back. Shoulders, spine, coccyx, John pauses before moving onto Sherlock’s arse. Smoothing both palms around the heft of his glutes.
Moriarty was a dot at the top of the hill, in sight of the spectators and closing in on Sherlock’s time. Sherlock took a deep breath, and then held the air in his lungs as his gaze flicked almost instantaneously to the body crossing the finish line and the clock.
Sherlock huffs and flings himself over onto his back, left arm thrown carelessly above his head. “We’ve talked about this-”
Sherlock turned his gaze sharply to Lestrade, deflecting easily, expertly. “What do you want with Molly Hooper?”
John blinks against the sight of it, swallows and forges on. Everyone seems to be meandering and enjoying the day--save for one rather tall, dark haired man who is shouting into his mobile and tearing down the path at breakneck speed--and John tries to emulate the leisurely pace for which the park seems to call.
John rolls his eyes, sets his mouth and doesn’t allow his gaze to stray to Molly. Molly, for her part, takes a moment before speaking. “John, you didn’t tell me… you know Sherlock?”
“I am… I feel…” Sherlock blinked and brought his brow to rest upon John’s. “God, I could go for another Vicodin.”
: not to mention I have a terrible influence on you, what with the emoji usage.
“And what about that Italian place you promised me in London?” John settled his palm on Sherlock’s thigh, beneath the water.
John emits one chuckle. “Hah, yeah, he was just telling me. How’d he manage that?”
It sounds oddly formal, leaving his lips, but Sherlock lets it settle, as though this was the very first time for the both of them.
John’s palms reach around to lie flat against Sherlock’s pectorals and hold him up for a few more moments, even as his body wants to sag forward. John kisses him messily, across his neck, back and shoulders and then pats at his hip. Sherlock tips forward and pools onto the mattress, his torso narrowly avoiding the mess he’s made earlier. A familiar tickle along his thighs reminds him that there will be a wet spot where he’s lying, as a bit of John’s come manages to slip out.
It’s frustrating, because John knows, indelibly, that he’s tip-toeing on one side of an invisible line. Sherlock remains on the other side, just as close, ready to take the step, but hesitating. If John doesn’t bring it up–Sherlock won’t, he won’t–where will that leave them? He can’t do it anymore, he realizes. The longing stretches taut and uncomfortable in his chest; he hates this feeling, and he can’t help but think that it’s all so unfair.
: Your typing is deplorable.
particular. I thought Hanzu had time to work with it but… anywho, Jackson crashed blah, blah, blah, you took the gold we all know how the story goes!”
.  Sherlock feels guilty and ashamed at what he’d said to John in the lab and wants to alleviate the feeling by sharing it with someone. That’s what people do, isn’t it?
The righteousness had worn off as soon as he’d reached street level and he’d actually thought about turning around, taking the elevator back down to the basement, and apologizing to John.
“Surprised you didn’t know from the start,” John mentions, the tone lightening a bit, giving them a moment to breathe, reassess.
John, with you. Come back to London with me and we’ll, we’ll see-”
John chimes in on one or two subjects and then simply sits back and watches the various conversations play out. It’s not boring, but he doesn’t feel very engaged either. He’s finishing up his apple and preparing to click out of the window when guest_47995 asks, “How long would it take for a 200 pound, six foot athletic male to expire from a wound sustained to the femoral artery?”
Making his way back to his team, he sat on a bench and waited as Molly passed along his gloves and boots; she went down on her knees to check that his foot was wrapped properly and then secured them at his ankles.
.  “That way I don’t need to run into you to see you.”
It’s a blessedly short time before he has his reply.
“You did this for me?” John asks, though he knows the answer. He’s bowled over by the gesture, really. For someone who so insisted that he hated every sort of romance, Sherlock’s doing a pretty bang up job, in John’s estimation.
John smiled down at him and Sherlock blew a tuft of hair out of his eyes and smiled back. They met in the middle in a languid press of mouths. “Now,” Sherlock said against his mouth, “lie back.”
“You said that about me, once,” Sherlock said, mock-melancholic. He pulled up a gallery of Gus Kenworthy photos and began to scroll through them.
He distantly noticed that the buzzing in his head had quieted, but now he was too busy fending off the siren call of slumber to think properly about the issues at hand. But he couldn’t ask for John to stop; he was making Sherlock feel absolutely at ease. He had moved onto Sherlock’s hands and wrists when he quietly murmured, “Let’s bring Greg in on this.”
He can tell that John is feeling similarly; he’s been quiet, and a bit withdrawn, and Sherlock knows that will take them both a few days to find themselves back on even emotional footing. Adrenaline ebbs away and leaves a cavern of tangible loss.
Sighing and sitting back, John finds that he can’t stop smiling and decides to begin searching the internet to find some new curtains for his flat. He’s got a solid income now, and if he’s going to be here for awhile, there’s no reason he can’t make it homey.
John laughs and that, takes a moment to shuffle just beside Sherlock now, both of them with their heads back against the cushion, their faces just far enough apart that they can catch the other’s eye if need be. It’s bizarre, completely, the route that this conversation has taken, but John doesn’t backtrack, doesn’t try to steer them on some sort of course.
Sherlock's brows perk and he takes a quick sip of air, and John knows he's holding his breath, a nervous tick he's observed in Sherlock before. It’s a tick-—John has learned-that Sherlock has, when he’s nervous. An inhale to steel himself for an inevitability.
“That’s something! They must have added more space with that recent reno, no?”
“Well,” John smiled; Sherlock attempted not to be charmed by the crest of pink on his cheekbones. “Yeah, I mean… most people do.”
“No,” John corrected immediately but without any ire behind it. “I chose the back of the
He doesn’t text Sherlock back, wouldn’t begin to know what to say, but he rereads the text one last time, smiles and places the mobile face-down on the desk as he slips into the chair. John feels…
As soon as the message appear on his screen, it is followed by,
It wouldn’t do well to feel this shaken up on the slopes tomorrow.
She clearly hadn’t been embellishing when she’d said she could use the help.
He was on the fine edge of his skis, entering into the bear jump with more control that he had the previous time, but he eased up on his tuck position, not wanting to tire out his legs too much for the actual race. Sherlock committed to memory which turns he was taking where, making sure his line was tight and flawless. If he skied this line well he knew he could ski it just the same when it came time for the medal race.
John finds that he’s no longer hungry and wraps his breakfast back up in the bag it came in. “And you know all that just by looking at me?”
“And,” Sherlock shrugs, blanketing his lap in a cloth napkin, appearing so nonchalant that John is on tenterhooks, anticipating what Sherlock’s about to say. “Would this then be the proper moment for you to share something similar?”
“I miss
John had promised himself, that if he could have Sherlock back even for a day, he’d unload all of the complicated, fractured, fucked up parts of his heart for Sherlock to dissect and accept or reject as he pleased. John had reasoned, in the weeks after Sherlock’s death, that if he’d just have the chance to say any of the millions of things contained in his heart, he might have had a chance at moving on.
And while everyone was busy being confounded by the marvel of James Moriarty, Sherlock was skeptical and suspicious. They’d trained at the same facilities on numerous occasions, never together, but at the same locale. Sherlock had watched his regime, had studied video of his runs, and there was something about it that seemed off. The way he balanced on his skis, even, didn’t seem right.
His scowl was immediate. “How in the world-“
“Impatient with reason, John!” Sherlock says, his tone low and forceful, but also with an edge of play. “Ten…
Mycroft emitted a long-suffering sigh. “You know how tedious people can be, Sherlock. You should be focusing on your training.”
Sherlock swallows hard as he types that, screws his eyes shut and wills himself
“Bloody hell, that was fantastic. Am I really that transparent?”
Sherlock’s mouth twists as he picks up the to-go cup and pops off the lid, testing the temperature, dumping two sugar packets in and stirring. “Did we?”
“I am,” John said, dubious.
“Huh,” he says aloud, and then again, louder. “Huh.”
Moran then set about ensuring that all of the curtains were shut tight.
and… I’ll never forgive you if you do.”
Sherlock smiled down at him, indulgently. “I have my second training run tomorrow. Whatever you have in mind will have to wait. As curious as I am.”
“And yeah, I just wanted to hear it, too, that violin,” John says quietly. “Late night junk food and picking you up all the papers and, and, keeping the refrigerator stocked with only the things that you’d eat. And the tea! How many types of tea-” John begins and then cuts himself off. “Anyway, yeah, romance.”
Sherlock momentarily considered outright lying, claiming that he barely knew John at all, but the tabloids would call his bluff for him. Besides, Sherlock was certain that Moriarty or one of his little henchmen had actually seen them together; there was no denying their association now.
John startles violently awake, hair askew and eyes bleary. There are pillow creases across the side of his face, and he’s immediately on guard. It’s only gone half-eight and the drapes are letting in an unacceptable amount of light, causing him to hiss and duck his head away.
Sherlock dipped his head in recognition once more, in thanks. They did the same in return and Molly smiled at him, winked, and then opened the door and led the team out, back to the tram. They would be at the finish line awaiting him; for the first time in his career, he would have a group of people waiting at the finish line for him.
These places have changed just as irrevocably as he has, and after spending a short time in each, John grows uncomfortable. He needs to move, needs to get out, away; he feels as though he doesn’t
Sherlock checked the clock and typed a quick response back. It wasn’t too late, and he figured he had a chance for a quick breakfast, so he pulled on a pair of loose but thick sweatpants over his spandex and prepared to head out. He set his teeth against his bottom lip as he acknowledged John’s presence on the course. It made
“Whyever would you say that,” he responds, cracking a small smile. Mary really is terrific, and very, very good at making him laugh when he ought not to. Like Sherlock had been.
Smiling against John’s hair, he left a kiss and blindly found John’s left hand in his right and led him through the sitting room - turning off the light as he went - and into the bedroom. Sherlock moved to close the shades and when he turned back, John had removed his ski sweater and vest, chest on display. Sherlock stopped mid-step and grinned, allowing his gaze to flick to the floor before he glanced up at John with his tongue resting against his upper lip.
“Sushi,” Sherlock decides and turns on his heel, knowing full well that a lunch of sushi more than overshadows coffee, but Sherlock finds himself wanting to owe John Watson one.
“We can go now if you’d rather-”
“Yes, and I…”
After a long, silent moment, Sherlock glances up. “He’s a doctor, his opinion was valuable,” he affords, scratching out a calculation in order to redo it. “It was… fine.”
“Not at all,” Sherlock replied, feeling as though his chest was expanding with the praise; his vision thrummed a little at the edge, his whole being pleased at John’s reaction. “People see, but they do not observe. One only has to look closely at you, really think about what they’re seeing.”
.” Mycroft urged instead of demanded, and Sherlock was momentarily stunned into silence. “Sherlock?”
be something? “Why,” John pauses, his tongue passing over his lips as he tamps down the urge to cross his arms over his chest in a display of confrontation. “In the
That trips Sherlock up and his mouth falls closed instantly. “Wanted?” Sherlock tests. “To?”
“Like a P.I.?”
“Pardon?”
. Adorable, really you are, not as adorable as your pet, that John fellow, though,” he sneered and Sherlock did his best to rein in his anger and shift his face into a passive mask. “He is quite
“Brilliant and addictive. I can’t keep it down, fancy that! Nor the Percocet, so they’ve switched me to codeine. But enough about that, what are your plans for tomorrow, er, Thursday, bloody
“Hah,” Sherlock tried again, terror renewing this efforts. “Help!” he called and was immediately met with the kick of Moran’s solid boot in the center of his ribs. A dull, throbbing pain radiated out and a second later the shock wore off and pain tore through him, jagged and searing.“Fuck, help!”
can admit he’d been a complete arsehole to the new morgue technician; he’d zoned in on the man’s inner fears and had gone straight for the kill shot without a second thought.
“He’s a friend Mycroft, he’s just a friend.” It wasn’t a lie, not at all, but it wasn’t the whole truth either and he felt odd describing John as
John reaches over, sifting his fingers through Sherlock’s tangled curls. “Well, I’m proud of you for being so… open, too.” John clears his throat and looks away, towards the window that looks out over the village. “A lot of people are going to watch that and think… ‘I can do that.’”
“I don’t need to speak Spanish to speak the language of the
Perhaps that could give them a jumping off point.
John wouldn’t call this website an actual repository of medical knowledge, neither does it seem too shabby. Thus satisfied that he’s not accidentally being scammed into downloading a virus or browsing a site that’s a front for something else—he’s accidentally managed to find three porn sites when he misspelled a word—he clicks on the chat room link for ‘Surgery.’
John slumped back in his seat, placated, a pleased smile on his face, and waited as Sherlock satisfied himself that there was no one present that would recognize them together and turned his attention, finally, back to John. “I went by the villa that Moriarty is staying at. Everything was locked tight, as expected, though I didn’t spot a security system. The lock on the back door looks rudimentary enough.”
“I can pay you,” Sherlock wheezed, just loud enough to hear over the crunch of bone; disappointed with himself for not having thought of this tactic before, Sherlock shifted, his shoulder rolling beneath him and his face tipping upward. He felt ill in the moment--terror churning in his belly--half from expending so much energy attempting to speak and half from imagining what Moran was doing to John. “I can pay you
Both of John’s brows perked upward. A question, a challenge. They’d been running around like mad over the past few months, putting their extracurricular habit of getting involved in Scotland Yard’s business on pause in order to both take positions in their respective fields of expertise. John had spent much of his winter in Colorado with the Junior’s biathlon team, and Sherlock had been making the championship circuit as an expert commentator.
He’d never done this with anyone before, not this careful, sweet, lingering intimacy. Sherlock Holmes had kissed before and he’d fucked before but he’d never relaxed and enjoyed, gave and took, without it being means to an end.
Molly swallows, shoves her hands in her labcoat pockets, pulls them out and makes a beeline for the back of the lab. “Sorry, Sherlock, I’ll erm, let me get those specimens that you wanted and I’ll just, and this is John Watson, he’s my new, that’s just… he’s the new technician working with me.”
“What?”
Sherlock feels as though he’s been punched in the gut. For John to reveal something so personal to him online, is incredibly important. It’s odd; time slows and Sherlock can hear the blood rushing furiously in his ears. This is new information to Guest_47995, but not to Sherlock. He has to respond, somehow, and quickly, quickly enough that he doesn’t appear to be taken aback by the situation, but he has to do so cautiously.
John fiddles with the phone in his pocket for the third time in as many minutes; he won’t check it. He refuses to check it. Checking it again would seem desperate and manic. He won’t check.
It’s taken him an eon to get here, it feels like, but now he knows he can rest. Nothing appeals to him more than the thought of sinking down into the water with Sherlock behind him, and simply resting.
Sensation pitched up his spine and Sherlock dug his fingers into John’s skin, fuzzily hoping that he would wear his fingerprints beneath his clothes for days. “Oh god, John, John, I-”
“How will you learn,” John sauntered into the living room, following Sherlock, “if I always do it for you?”
Once in the sitting room Redbeard makes an appearance, shuffling out from under the desk to say hello. Sherlock pets him twice as he stoops to grab his laptop and the he tucks it under his arm and returns to his bedroom in order to get himself situated in his bed once more; it’s only a moment before Redbeard joins him, circling the bed once before plopping himself down at Sherlock’s feet. “We’ll go for a walk in a bit, alright?”
“I am,” John murmured, walking up to Sherlock’s personal space and placing a wet, open-mouthed kiss on his neck. “Fucking a gold medalist, lucky me.”
It was similarly quiet and anxious at the starting line as Sherlock wound his way through the other competitors to the hut. Inside, coaches spoke in low tones with their athletes and techs bent low over skis they were waxing. Sherlock noticed Lestrade in his periphery and caught the man’s one curt nod before he turned back to speaking with a member of the Swedish delegation.
, and your name is exceedingly, mind-numbingly common.” Sherlock straightens and they glare at one another. There’s the sound of Molly knocking something onto the floor in the office and John’s attention is stolen for a moment. When he glances back at Sherlock, Sherlock’s eyes look as though they haven’t strayed from watching him.
Sherlock took each of his losses hard; his narrow loss in Vancouver needled at his inner perfectionist's resolve until Turin when he’d finally broken down and chewed out a reporter in the post-race presser for asking yet another inane question. For weeks afterward he’d been bombarded with hate mail and unflattering stories in the press; he ignored them, as always, yet he couldn’t deny that his attitude had cost him. He lost his endorsement from Supercandy and his relationship with Salomon was tenuous at best.
Sherlock does.
John made a show of looking Sherlock over once more. “You look a bit stiff, are you sure you’re alright?”
John smiled at Sherlock, and Sherlock gave a half-smile back, and they fell into silence, Sherlock picking at lint on his trousers and John just watching him for a spell. “Right,” John cut in when they were minutes from their destination. “I’ve got a few hours off shift before I come back for the night runs; let’s get lunch.”
When he logs in, there’s a message welcoming him to the site, from a user who specifies herself as both a site moderator and an MD. There is one spam message enticing him to buy penis enlargement medication that he junks and an invitation from another moderator to “explore the newest posts and open chats in our trauma, palliative care and physiotherapy boards!”
“Incredible,” John says, in a strangely breathly way.
John is signed in at the front desk and follows Mike along to the far bank of lifts; he doesn’t pause to take it all in, because it’s all so familiar to him. Barts has had improvements made over the years, but they’re still the same halls that John dashed through, running late to an anatomy class, the same halls where he learned what it felt like to have someone die beneath his hands.
John silently chuckled, head lolling back on his shoulders; he looked down at Sherlock from over the bridge of his nose. “Lunch, would you like to get lunch?”
Between the alcohol and the intense workout he’d had in the morning, his body was just about ready to give in. Sherlock remembered belatedly that he hadn’t had a thing to eat since lunch time save for some pretzels at the bar, but couldn’t be arsed to get out of bed to find food once he’d drawn the covers over himself.
Sherlock immediately pulled away, wiping his fingers haphazardly on the bedsheet and poured a small pool of slick into the center of his palm. “How?” Sherlock asked breathlessly, his fingers wrapping around his length, giving it a few glorious pumps.
as when his mobile pings.
“Shut your mouth,” John said sternly. “I’d kiss you if my mouth wasn’t so,” he gestured weakly at his face. “No one’s taking the blame for this; Moriarty’s a madman, so just… shut up.”
“Or in town or… wherever?”
“Can I come in?” John cut him off, just as he too seemed to realize that Sherlock was mostly nude. He rested his tongue on his bottom lip and stood still for a moment, his eyes running over the expanse of skin on display. He visibly reined himself in, shaking whatever thoughts were in his head right out on a sigh.
That spurs him on, causes him to reach back and gestures until John leans forward so that Sherlock can grasp one-handed at his side, holding them loosely together, showing John what he wants. The angle changes, John’s cock doesn’t hit as deep, but Sherlock prefers this closeness, the sweat and heat. Against his back, he can feel the beads of sweat dripping from John’s brow, the rise and fall of John’s chest with every labored breath he takes.
Sherlock blinked twice and ran his tongue over the roof of his mouth, gathering saliva. “Key card didn’t work and every single member of the staff seem to have disappeared.”
“Oh? And how does a gold medalist party?”
Sherlock scoffs aloud.
“Yes.”
“Dead on your feet,” John muttered.
“Fuh-” John manages, lifting his head to glance down at Sherlock before he slams his eyes shut, head falling back onto the pillow with an audible, downy thump.
Sherlock’s eyes pop open, wide and sparkling. “Now, you’re telling me this,” Sherlock reaches out and tries to grab at John’s hips, pull him closer, but John resists. He smooths his hands over Sherlock’s stomach, his nipples, his shoulders and then takes another moment to look his fill. A small, soft smile appears, the most tender thing John has ever given to Sherlock.
Sherlock gasps and Redbeard startles at it. He has two options, to click yes, or to click no. If he clicks no, John5NF might take that as a sign not to email him further. If he clicks yes, this will become even more personal, and Sherlock isn’t sure if he wants that. The pad of his middle finger drags the cursor back and forth across the screen as he stares at his options.
to, if you’re worried about this.”
Going into the games at Sochi, this had become more of a problem for him. The tabloids had been after him for years, dropping bylines that hinted at a homosexual lifestyle, guessing at the identity of his possible lovers. It was never anything but conjecture, but the recent headlines regarding Russia’s anti-gay stance had the press at it again, questioning for the umpteenth time what Sherlock Holmes’s sexual preference was and would it be a problem for him at the games?
Sherlock set his gloves down in his lap and glanced sidelong at Greg. “I know.”
John’s lip twitched.
. “Mmm, I never asked how
Fuck it. John swallows and holds Sherlock’s gaze without faltering.
“No, it’s quite alright. I don’t mind.” Sherlock heard himself saying the words as though from a distance, from under leagues and leagues of ocean, or like he was in vacuum. They sounded clunky and muffled and not at all what he wanted to say. “That is to say, that you’re watching my performance is… good.”
Lestrade blinks, and then groans, breaking into a wide grin. “You dick,” he says and laughs. “Right, well, not for me then. So, what
“What! No!”
Generally, Sherlock deleted information that wasn’t relevant to him, or wasn’t important enough to skiing to warrant keeping in his mind. But there was something, a niggling little something that pricked at the back of his brain...
Sherlock licks his lips, allowing his head to drop, chin to chest, “It was.”
He made his way around the backs of the buildings, not wanting anyone to recognize and stop him for a chat or an autograph; he had limited time on his hands. It took him a short while and a few tight alleyways to reach the small, hurriedly-built villa that Moriarty had rented. It was no secret where he was staying as he’d been doing interviews from the location for a few days now.
“Spent an hour getting them down as slick as possible.” The tech stepped back, pressed his glasses onto the bridge of his nose and ran his fingers over his beard. “Took ages but those, christ, they’re better than sex.”
“If that’s all that’s required for a date, I’d say we had our first at Angelo’s years ago.”
Alone.
Sherlock frowns, “Most of the time, yes.”
John blinked his eyes slowly open. “I am… exhausted but I wouldn’t mind…” His gaze flickered towards the bedroom and then back to Sherlock. John stepped forward, rested his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder and said, “I want to touch you, and I’d really,
There was a slight little smile on his lips when he stepped forward and sat next to John on the sofa. “No need to apologize. It’s… alright. I’m glad you’re here.”
“Rude,” Sherlock murmured back. “But so do you.”
me? She would barely stop wailing-”
There was another requisite round of photographs with the other medalists and various posed photographs with the Union Jack that Sherlock found rather pointless and silly, but he went through the motions and committed them to memory, as it was certainly the only time he’d be forced to go through them. Greg remained all the while, playing coach and agent.
“As first dates go, how was it?” John asks, shrugging inside of his light spring coat, his hands itching to reach across and snatch up Sherlock’s. He doesn’t.
, or so I’ve heard. Guy outta Norway’s been betaing them.”
him,” she shot back immediately.
John settled his hand against the side of Sherlock’s face and then trailed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “Greg filled me in on the chaos, he says he thinks they’ll move the final two days back.”
“Because god knows what happens when I don’t,” John jests saucily as Sherlock serves him with a particularly heated glare, the edge of it softening at John’s playfulness. Sherlock doesn’t mind, really, because John continues to chuckle, and John filled with mirth is one of his very favorite sights.
John replaced the piece on the mantle. “I quite agree. It deserves a place of prominence. And next to your skull, does it keep watch?”
It’s an inevitability to be sure, but the unknown lingers. How will they be, together?
“Yeah. Maybe so, but for the next while these are your coworkers and I know you don’t care, necessarily, but
The frown he wore was the same he saw on the faces of his fellow competitors. No matter how intense the course was, melting snow was never a good sign, and Sherlock wondered briefly if he should worry about the extra speed the moisture would induce. He shook it off, knowing his experts would account for that, his team rounding on a bench and settling down on it, unzipping the equipment bags.
But he’s getting ahead of himself, allowing his mind to spiral out of control. He has to get through
“Mmm, and likely left handed, but then I’m not going to do
For now he allows it all to settle, allows himself to feel the myriad of emotions that are twisting inside of him. He allows the melancholy to settle and transform into something like acceptance in the pit of his stomach, and presses his body back into the protective curl of John’s.
“And the fact that Moriarty has acted like a massive cock to you,” John added wryly. “In front of other competitors.”
and Sherlock succumbed to it, feeling as though he was flying down a mountain at eighty miles an hour when John slid his hands into Sherlock’s hair.
John was sure to get Sherlock’s number before they parted ways, making it seem like the easiest thing in the world. What was more, is that he did it so unobtrusively that Sherlock couldn’t tell if he wanted it for general purposes or if he wanted it because he was
John raises a brow; a bead of sweat is dislodged and rolls down the side of his face.
Greg arrived at Sherlock’s room early on Thursday, a protein shake in one hand, a coffee in the other. “I’ve come to handle you,” he said by way of greeting, pressing his way into the suite. “Mycroft rang and said he’s dealt with most of the press, whatever the hell that means, but I don’t trust that some arsehole journalist isn’t going to try to get at you.”
Sherlock finds himself sitting back, watching John snatch up bits of food, testing each, pulling the dishes that are spicy closer to himself as he flicks his gaze to Sherlock’s, seemingly expecting a reaction. When Sherlock doesn’t speak, John pauses in his chewing.  “What?”
“As far as takeaway sushi goes it wasn’t terrible, that is true.” With that, Sherlock begins on the buttons of John’s shirt.
Sherlock said nothing but watched John flip his menu twice more before setting it down and waving over the waiter. “Hello, yeah, could you possibly just bring us whatever’s most popular? Just a few dishes to try?” When the young man left to put in their orders, they both sat back against the booth, casually studying one another.
Mycroft cut him off immediately, voice falling back into its normal tone. “Regardless, if Greg is providing you with adequate counsel and you wish to follow it-”
And he certainly shouldn’t be afraid, now, staring down the barrel of a very real and proper date with Sherlock Holmes.
, Sherlock resolved with a shaking sort of clarity that allowed for no dissension.
case. He pays the cabbie very well and bounds out onto the pavement, takes the steps up to 221B two at a time.
When he glanced up at John once again, John was smiling warmly at him, as though he were a marvel, as though he were someone deserving of such a tender gesture of affection.  “Well,” he breathed, patting the table with a hand. “After this morning I think we deserve some vodka.”
“Oh, a bit.” Sherlock’s right eye twitched as he enunciated the t; he frowned.
Sherlock’s face twists, as though he’s upset with himself for not calling it to attention before. He composes himself, looks all of prim and proper when he poses, “So. You’re.”
“Your concern is noted. Now, I’ll need you tomorrow morning. I can’t imagine I can get Molly to go along with all of this so easily. I’d begin working on your wheedling voice now.”
“Make myself scarce,” John finished with a little shrug.
Sherlock’s hands wander; he attempts to tamp the hunger, his fingers nearly shaking with the desire to touch everything, at once. His palms slide down John’s back, grasp securely at hip and then arse, tugging John’s body firmly and solidly against his. Their cocks slot together, hot and slippery, and Sherlock rolls his hips, causing a friction that tugs in the pit of his stomach.
“Not here, not in London, no.” It feels strange, not because he’s ashamed, but because he figured that Sherlock always knew—that Sherlock had already deduced every single thing about him. It’s doubly strange because he’s never discussed it aloud before, never felt the need to, and the fact that he’s doing it now, in his middle age, seems anachronistic.
It takes awhile for John to respond, three whole minutes.
His heart leaps to his throat and then simultaneously dives into his stomach. Sherlock Holmes is at the counter ordering a coffee and fluffing up his hair.
“Can you imagine?” he repeats, and John starts to feel as though he’s having an out of body experience: Sherlock talking to him about intimacy, and repeating himself.
“Is the system down again, Sylvia?” There’s a smile in his voice as Sherlock asks the question, as John visibly tenses as he hears Sherlock speak and peeks around to confirm that it is indeed Sherlock Holmes behind him.
“Not sure that’s how it works,” Sherlock called.
When John arrives, a large bottle of soju is already on the table, poured into two small cups.
“I wanted to have a quick fuck in the bathroom, satisfied?”
Sex changes things, but fundamentally, John knows, it’s not going to alter much about their relationship at all. This had been something that had been hovering just over the horizon for so long and it feels as though the most natural step he’s ever taken, like waking up or wading in. He tells himself this once, and again, and finally turns and shuts off the shower.
Gravel and snow crunched beneath his boots, the sound familiar and pleasant, and Sherlock hitched his bag higher up on his shoulder as he walked beside his ski team towards the prep area.
Sherlock groaned and pressed his face back into the pillow, delighting in John’s answering laughter. John dropped a kiss into Sherlock’s hair and made to leave, but not before Sherlock turned and called out to stop him.
Just as he was losing consciousness, Moriarty's visage swam across his field of vision. “I thought I’d given you enough warning to prepare yourself.”
“Fantastic!” John explained, placing his chopsticks down on his plate.
“So I shouldn’t tell Greg that my boyfriend is taking me to Barcelona?”
“They’re not going to win gold, that’s for certain. She can’t maintain the landing on her salchow, look at her ankles, and his lifts are slower than usual. He’s not training as he usually does, probably because he’s taken to smoking marijuana to unwind; makes him tired. Pair that with his rapidly deteriorating eyesight - he’s wearing glasses now when he’s off the ice when he used to favor contacts - likely means that he’s not going going to make it back for South Korea in 2018.“
to make conversation.”
, his mind supplied,
The noise was a distant buzzing, the light that was reflecting off of the snow blinding, and when the last skier crossed the finish line and Sherlock glanced at the scoreboard, his knees very nearly gave out. Everything went still and static and it was a loud kind of silence that made his head race. His legs felt rubbery and it seemed as though his skull had rapidly imploded and then expanded.
It makes something in John shift and warm pleasantly.
Yes, yes indeed. John5NF should certainly have the privilege of meeting him. It would be irresponsible of Sherlock Holmes not to share his brilliance with him. Still, Sherlock bites his lip as he types, feels a flutter of
Because, it’s a bit on the nose, but from what he knows of human nature, from the complete foreignness of this sensation, Sherlock Holmes is falling in love.
He’s consumed entirely with thoughts of the email he’d accidentally sent.
His voice was rough and raw; there was no veiling his irritation. “It’s five in the bloody morning Mycroft, what in the world could you
Sherlock rests the edge of his cup against his lip as he says, “I don’t have friends.”
friend?”
John pounds into the computer and sends it off.
Sherlock blinked at the snow, at the reporter, at the stands where the fans were awaiting the arrival of the Austrian currently on the course. He looked past the glare of the sun at John, who was half-hidden by another medic but who was watching him casually, as though he didn’t really care what was happening with Sherlock.
When he got back to the hotel, John was waiting for him in the lobby. Sherlock aimed a casual smile at him but John came over and steered him into an empty conference room just off to the side.
Politely, Molly clears her throat and moves in front of Sherlock, pulls the sheet back over the body and wheels it towards the refrigeration unit. “So,” Molly says, waits, and when Sherlock doesn’t respond, she sighs and continues. “John mentioned that you took him with you on… on a case?”
Sherlock’s eyeroll was something to behold. “Greg, you’re a grown man, you
Using Sherlock’s position to his advantage, John levers himself up to sitting and takes in Sherlock, rumpled and eager and sweetly overwhelmed. It’s unlike anything he could have begun to imagine, and he wishes for a mind like Sherlock’s, to etch it all, indelibly.
John’s gaze lingers on the door for quite some time, until he finally looks away, finds that it’s nine-forty-five and checks his email, a last-ditch effort. But there are no new messages, no new pieces of mail.
Their snogging ebbed in intensity, comfortably shifting from passionate and intent to lazy and lingering.
He returned to his room to worried messages from his agent; he’d left his mobile in his luggage and hadn’t called to inform him of the quality of the accommodations as he’d promised he would. There was a voicemail from his parents, the both of them gleeful over the prospect of watching the Parade of Nations that evening, hoping to catch a glimpse of him. There were a handful of well-wishes from representatives from his various sponsors and a quick word from his ex-coach Greg Lestrade, saying that he would be on hand, but two days earlier than anticipated.
“Thank you.” Sherlock returned and poured them each a glass and then took a seat on the sofa; John wasn’t far behind.
Sherlock slipped his hands over the slick, smooth surface of the carbon fiberglass, getting his nose down close to the face to hear the whisper of his skin against the wax. It was magical, like Verdi but more complex, yet simple all the same. Sherlock wanted to press his lips right to the surface but refrained, adoring the way the rays glanced merrily off of the glassine cover.
There is a beat of silence and then a very crisp, “What?”
, not right, not proper.
Licking his lips, Greg fumbled over the words, bringing Molly just the slightest bit closer in at his side. “I’m uh, I’m…”
“Thanks Mike and uhm, thanks for bringing John in. And thanks John, I mean,” she rolls her eyes at herself. “I’ll be uhm, emailing you soon.”
“All the way down, this is all fresh,” Phillip confirmed. “With the triple compound from my kit, just like you asked. You’re set to go boss.” With that, he leaned down and ran a cloth once more along the upper portion of Sherlock’s skis.
Sherlock had no idea what to wear or what to order or what to expect. He didn’t panic but he did overestimate how much food they could eat, and placed a room service order for an exorbitant amount of money; fruits and steamed vegetables and Russian delicacies and menu items he couldn’t pronounce. He couldn’t decide on a dessert so had urged the man in the kitchen to bring up whatever he thought was good and ended the call.
“Speak for yourself, I’m a few years out, yet.” And he began on working John out of his clothes.
, specialized way, as anyone would with their own event. No one prepares like I do. No one
John’s vision blurs momentarily but he picks up a line and follows it, eyes reading along as the chat continues to update. There are a few questions about proper emergency procedures in Accident and Emergency units from a person who seems to be looking to take legal action against a hospital. There is one user addressing that person directly, while others are popping in with simple questions such as, “How long does it take to recover from seat belt injuries in auto accidents?” and “How often is ultrasound used to confirm abdominal injury?”
John, but the more immediate reasons. If he was seen on numerous occasions with John, the rumors would begin anew, and Sherlock wasn’t sure how John would handle that.
“It really is,” John smiled once and then led the way out of the tram, talking to Sherlock even as Sherlock lingered behind. “Now, what are you in the mood for?”
John gave a silent chuckle, “Lucky for you that’s somewhat of a skill of mine.”
Greg licked his lips, “And I thought I might try and make you reconsider doing this, what with you being a walking bruise, but we both know that isn’t going to get me anywhere, right?”
‘Just saw two guys wipe out on the course, you weren’t kidding.’
Sherlock’s agent had begged him to do the group interview with Gus Kenworthy and Adam Rippon, though it had taken a lot less cajoling than all parties involved had anticipated. Sherlock found himself agreeing when the email came through, a decision he knew he wouldn’t have so readily made just a few short days ago.
“When?”
It couldn’t be confirmed, he didn’t have conclusive proof, but it was obvious--knowing what they now knew--that Moriarty had meant to doctor Sherlock’s skis. It was obvious that Moriarty had it out for Sherlock from the beginning and it seemed as though he would stop at nothing to destroy him.
“Yeah, good,” Sherlock agrees and gets his breath back, tucking himself into John’s side and dragging the tips of his fingers up and down John’s heaving chest. They cool, briefly, skin tingling as the sweat evaporates. In time, their hearts slow.
frightened
Once returned, they’d had to take three weeks apart--Sherlock finally doing his sit down interviews, traveling to New York for ESPN and creating a website for his surprisingly well sought after consulting practice, and John searching for locum work and attending physical therapy. They had finally found a night free and John had arrived at Baker Street with an overnight bag and a bashful grin. “Hope I’m not being too presumptuous,” he’d said and they’d nearly missed their reservation to snog on the couch.
He knows of relationships, he knows the trite little ins and outs of them. He’s heard tell from victims and from perpetrators, from suspects and witnesses, they all talk about it. Sherlock has a wealth of knowledge about what people will do to one another, what they want from one another, that they crave and won’t ever ask for.
to delete the words; they’re the truth.
Sherlock’s world went black.
“Oh,” Lestrade parrots. “Just seems like you wanted to talk about something there. Molly, the morgue technician. Is that why you’re all, all,
it read.
He licked his lips, set his jaw and glanced up at her, his gaze steady and intense. “I don’t believe so. Or, rather, watch their performances and you tell
Sherlock watched John’s lips twist in a smile. After his success at the Olympic Games, Sherlock had become a bit of a heroic figure at home. John had become the recipient of rants on that very subject via text message; he always replied, You can’t still be surprised that people love you, to which Sherlock never responded.
The official looked him up and down, from the tips of his skis to the mottled purple of his face, nodded and stepped back, leaving him alone, looking down onto the course.
“Besides,” John assured, yawning into the vee of his elbow. “By the time you’re out of there I’ll be long asleep. I’ll just clean myself up and the bathroom is all yours.”
John laughs, ”That skater made a pass at you twice, and you did nothing! I’m proud of you, s’all.”
John grinned wolfishly. “I’d
Full stop.
After Borgen’s run, a Swiss racer crossed the line three tenths of a second behind Sherlock, and then a Russian, at nearly the same deficit. The scoreboards and screens flickered off of the Russian’s stats, and Moriarty’s name was displayed in brilliant, pixellated orange. The crowd behind Sherlock erupted in cheers - though, if he had to assess, they were not as boisterous or emphatic as the cheers to which he’d crossed the finish line. Simultaneously pleased and ashamed that he cared about such a thing, Sherlock turned his attention to the monitor displaying the feed of the race.
“This is…” he sighs, glancing at all of the people in the park, at the couples strolling happily along hand in hand, at the pairs and groups of friends chatting and laughing. “Am I the only one who doesn’t understand this?”
To his left, John was rolling his head on his shoulders, trying to get his bearings. “Christ,” he mumbled eventually. “You’re mad, the both of you.”
Their flight was - blessedly - a private one sponsored by British Airways, though it was on a smaller aircraft than Sherlock had been expecting. Between the competitors, the designated press, individual trainers and coaches, the flight was very nearly full. Sherlock made his way down the aisle, nodding his head at the athletes who acknowledged him with a hello or a smile; he lackadaisically fist bumped the professionals whom he’d chosen to accompany him on the trip. They were veterans in the sport and knew the ins and outs of wax and bindings like none other.
Sherlock returns to Baker Street, itching to speak of his evening plans aloud, just to get his thoughts in order. It’s an odd feeling; generally, he talks to himself, sorts himself out eventually. But at the moment, he needs someone to speak
Lestrade nodded, slowly, stepping even closer to Sherlock so he could hear him as his voice dropped, tipping into the realm of secrecy. “I think he’s the one that leaked it. And last night John-”
There is one email from Guest; he opens it with only brief hesitation.
Sherlock’s gaze remains fixed there, on the bit of flesh where the left side of John’s jaw meets his neck.
“We can do away with the subterfuge now; it’s abundantly clear that you pose no risk to me.” Sherlock sounds almost bored, pulls out a small notebook and begins jotting things down into it.
voice, dear brother.”
Sally raises a brow, not one to back down from a challenge. Sherlock has always admired that about her, but he’ll never admit to it. “Who’re you? A colleague? How long have you known him, then?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said simply, tone and facial expression serious, and he delighted in watching as John swallowed thickly at the invitation he’d been given.
frowned upon.”
Having sex with John always surprises him. It’s never, ever the same. Each and every time he’s stunned by the sensations that are drawn from him.
For one brief second Sherlock looks stricken, and then they’re both falling back into delighted laughter. John watches him, the way his eyes crinkle and narrow, the way his jaw moves and creates a few more chins, the way his pupils shine and his stomach expands and contracts with the force of his mirth.
It’s at that very moment that the barista calls out, “Venti black coffee for Sherlock!”
He waits a beat for John to settle himself and passes his tongue over his lips, dipping his chin. The nerves threaten to make his voice tremble and so he takes a breath before proposing, “I’d hoped we could spend the evening together.”
His free hand came up to brush against John’s clothed thigh. “I can work with that.” He manhandled John onto his back, John chuckling as he allowed Sherlock to have his way. He managed to undo John’s belt and tug it away from his jeans, the leather catching on the denim once or twice, causing John to have to shift his body this way and that.
“Yes, and you’re on your way to St. Bartholomew’s hospital,” he says easily, and John catches him glancing over at him. “A new… technician of some sort.”
John pressed against the skin beneath his fingertips, walked Sherlock to the bed and with a hand to the center of his chest, pushed Sherlock down onto the duvet. “Fantastic, though I’ll do without the cliches.”
but he’s just not sure what. By the time he’s made it to Molly’s offer of lunch, she’s leaned forward to ensure that the door remains open for him; his stomach grumbles.
, his fingers itch to write, because otherwise he feels like he’s somehow lying to John. Does John think Sherlock knows how to respond to situations like that? Does John think that Sherlock could suss that out on his own as being what John logically wanted to hear?
Still, as far as Sherlock rightly knew, despite what he felt about John, it truly had been only lunch. It wasn’t as though they’d been caught sharing a candlelit meal over champagne. “It was lunch.”
He presses his forehead against the wet pane and tries to assure himself that between the two of them, they’ll figure this out. They’ve weathered death and life and all of the dark, twisted bits in between. They’ve changed, together, and separately, and despite it all, they’ve managed to find their way back to one another.
“It does seem, yes, unlikely that this is a coincidence.” Sherlock noted. He kept his gaze on John, his blinking rapidly as he speculated as to why Moran would know Japanese, why he would
Recalling what had happened at his last Olympics.
“Sherlock Holmes, man, never thought I’d get to meet you.” The bright-eyed, roguishly handsome man comes around to extend a hand before him. “Gus. Kenworthy.” His last name comes like an afterthought, and Sherlock watches as he blushes a bit, shaking his head.
Rolling his eyes, he brushed her aside and turned to his ski specialist Phillip, who had packed several new pairs for Sherlock to try out. It had taken some time but eventually his team had realized that between training runs and time in the gym, Sherlock needed to keep himself occupied and nothing bored Sherlock more than repetition. Taking several runs down a course on the same skis would put Sherlock in a mood and thus, they always had a bag of tricks on hand to keep him guessing.
Sherlock loved this, loved having John hot and hard between his lips. From the taste of John’s flesh to the sounds he could draw by flicking his tongue just
He feels himself shrugging before he speaks. This isn’t normal; he’s not normal. No normal person would cede to allowing their flatmate to fill their only bathtub with God-knows-what. But, like Sherlock often says, normal is rather boring.
. He primped and primed, toggling between an aubergine colored oxford and a deep blue, changing between the two twice before he settled on the dark purple one. It was then another few minutes before he decided how many buttons to leave open, one or two.
“Yeah, you know I get a cut of all of your endorsements this go round,” Greg joked as they exited the tram to head back to their respective hotels for the few hours’ rest they’d get.
“Wait then,” Molly says over the rim of her own cup, eyes wide with shock. “What did you need?”
Though Hanzu was a novice on the elite circuit, they’d likely shared the powder at one time or another. Hanzu’s coach’s name was listed in articles mentioning Moriarty’s ex-coach. They’d known one another at some point and at the very least their coaches were connected. Sherlock couldn’t shake the niggling feeling that Moriarty had certainly done something to cause the young skier’s death. No one had died at the Olympic skiing event in half a decade and Sherlock wondered if he would be the only person to think that foul play might have been involved.
For a moment he allows himself to imagine John Watson as a medic on the battlefield, calm and sure; it’s a surprisingly appealing image.
His mind screeches to a halt and John laughs at himself internally. Of course he’d choose this moment to let his defenses down so his libido would make itself known. Not that he hadn’t thought Sherlock handsome before, he just hadn’t thought of Sherlock’s mouth doing anything particularly lewd until now. And with his recent admission…
John smiles easier now, especially when Sherlock tries to pull one over on him. They know one another too well for that. And besides, John really does let him get away with enough already. It’s not going to work with him this time. “I might be willing to accept that reasoning had our tub not been occupied by biohazardous waste just yesterday morning.”
John’s hands flutter in a sort of flail, first against Sherlock’s back and then find themselves up in his slippery hair once more, tugging back, as to get Sherlock away from him for a moment. But Sherlock just lavishes in the tug, groans, and bites at John’s skin.
For a time, John simply watches the proceedings in a few chat rooms. He clicks into “Dermatology” to find a discussion about discerning between contact dermatitis and eczema. Over the next hour he finds himself scanning the “Pregnancy,” “Ophthalmology” and “Orthopaedic” boards as well.
“What?”
“Alcoholic parents, obvious, the way you’re very cautious about the amount of alcohol you imbibe.” He couldn’t stop himself; the words came, ringing out between them. Sherlock could feel the next deduction bubbling up within him and felt helpless to stop it. This had been an issue for him in the past, causing alienation and anger; generally he used it as a defense mechanism to keep others away. It was second nature to him now, and the observations came before he could process them properly.
“Of…” John asked, trailing his fingers through the sparse bubbles that were left bobbing in the water.
“And how did you manage that?” John asks with a pat to Mike’s back.
to do and everything else simply became background noise.
“Ah,” John chuckles, coaxing him out of yet another reverie as he takes a sip of his soju and appraises the flavor, settling on a shrug before meeting Sherlock’s gaze. “
His team gathered his gear and made their way over to the general practice area for the downhill, a course that looked even from above to be vastly less complex than the Olympic course. Sherlock was both glad and disappointed by this. His mind and body craved the adrenaline rush, and a day without, anticipating the run, left him feeling parched and unsatisfied. Sherlock knew he wouldn’t feel quite totally whole until he’d gotten down that hill at least once.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he sizes John up; when he opens his mouth to make a slightly-less-scathing-than-usual deduction, John is already speaking. “Right. Anyway, I’m headed to lunch if you wanted to…” John gestures with his thumb towards the elevator.
It’s a half-gesture, John proposing and leaving Sherlock to accept or deny. He presses his lips together, waiting for Sherlock to reply now that the metaphorical ball is solidly in his court.
John’s grin was magnificent. “Yeah, I’m going to need you to play for me, and soon. Those fingers… doing that…”
“Fantastic!” Angelo booms and then he’s gone, leaving the two with the bottle of wine, sharing an amused expression. Sherlock does the honors, pouring out the tempranillo expertly and raising his glass to John’s in a light toast.
Sherlock taps his lip, “Oh, well, let’s see, five foot seven, blond, a
“Oh,” John said in a gust and slid down and back, his arse completely flush with Sherlock’s thighs. They fell together then in a kiss, John licking in greedily, taking and taking until Sherlock was breathless and dizzy. “Oh god, I think I-”
He toweled off quickly and had a shave, ignoring his erection and spending perhaps a bit too much time regarding his countenance in the mirror. He knew he was an attractive person, and paid close attention to his styling, but he wondered momentarily if perhaps John found him attractive. A groan escaped him and he allowed his forehead to fall forward and thunk against the slippery glass of the mirror.
“It is my job to observe,” Sherlock says coldly.
two know one another?” Sherlock asked incredulously, looking from Greg to John and back.
about any of it.
“Yes,” Sherlock smiled and leaned over to begin placing some of the dishes on the table.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed and leaned back, set his own seat to recline and closed his eyes. He needed to get his mind back in order but he couldn’t seem to get around the simple fact that this team physician thought he was brilliant. How utterly bizarre.
And now, he realizes after having John beside him on a case, after being on the receiving end of his ire, that John is strong-willed and intelligent and funny and handsome and
“Too much torso,” John says as he finally gets the last button free. “Hah! I’ve persevered.” He looks entirely too chuffed for having undone a shirt.
Sherlock looked smug as he undid the sash with deft fingers, the terrycloth pooling on the floor. He stood before John in just his pants, cotton covering a swelling erection. “Should have figured you’d look like this,” John said, pacing up to Sherlock slowly. “Olympic athlete and all, but
really, Christ, is dead. And he was skiing for Japan, it just seems… it could be nothing, just a coincidence but, it struck me as strange.”
that John wants to see if Sherlock can continue to take him by surprise, because wouldn’t that be something?
They sidestep a family, two men swinging a toddler between their outstretched arms, the boy giggling, the men grinning down. It’s such a perfect little tableau, so well-timed that John thinks that the universe may just be out for him today.
“Though Harry is my sister,” John mentions, offhand and Sherlock can feel his face tightening.
Gus snatches the phone out of Adam’s hand and begins flipping through the display pictures. “Jesus, you’re trolling for ass already? It’s ten in the morning! And his profile is in Spanish! Can you even read that?”
“What do you think of him?” Adam questions with no preamble, tipping the phone so that both Gus and Sherlock can see a Grindr profile.
Sherlock scoffs, tries to move away from John, but John holds him around the biceps. “Obviously.”
Tugging on his gloves, Sherlock threaded his hands through his poles and Molly took a step back. A hush fell over the area as he shifted to the gate and set himself in a starting crouch.
Sherlock’s voice, when he responds, is so indignant that it’s comical. “That’s undignified.”
They find a tavern with a short waitlist and sidle up to the bar. Dark wood and low beams make for a shadowy space, the history of the place closing in around them, and John has to squint to read the list of draughts. Sherlock grabs it from him before he’s finished, unsurprisingly.
John poured himself out a neat finger of vodka and swallowed it in one go, passing the back of his hand over his mouth afterward and leveling Sherlock with a hard stare. “Yeah,” he said eventually, “yeah, well that’s just about alright, isn’t it?”
“As though
Carefully, he rested his forehead on John’s shoulder. John’s hands went to the small of his back and he held Sherlock to him, silently, for a time. After a while he sighed, running a hand over Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock pulled his face away and smiled affectionately down at John.
Sherlock goes nearly boneless, melting back into the pillows, allowing John to take the lead, though he’d intoned earlier that he’d wanted to be the one calling the shots. But John-in-charge is a sight to behold, and it disarms him nearly every time. Confident and agile in his movements, he moves to Sherlock’s neck, tongue peeking out to sweep over his carotid, dipping back to curl and flick around an earlobe.
Sherlock considered, silently.
“Let’s say the upper half,” Mary says, and he can hear her rummaging about in the closet. “Like the bottom half just fine.”
, always.
He rights himself before cracking his eyes open and looking up at Sherlock. He’s wearing the strangest expression, and John can’t quite decipher it. It makes him feel...
Sherlock’s arms flutter dramatically at his sides as he steps fully into the room. “Wind. Again.”
Sherlock begins slow, his fingers typing out the email with care.
Sherlock joins him a moment later, quickly unlacing his loafers and tugging off his socks before shuffling back up the bed, trousers still loose at his hips, grabbing John’s bicep and giving a hearty tug, hurrying him along.
John blushes, Sherlock just catches it out of the corner of his eye. “It’s not—”
John glances up just in time to see the sweet smile smooth away from Sherlock’s face. In a flash he’s thinking of the last time Sherlock had held Rosie, tossing her into the air as her screeching giggles filled the whole of 221B, catching her briefly before throwing her into the air once more. “Higher, Shar! Higher!” she squeaked and Sherlock, someone who vehemently denied having any sort of sentimental leanings, just rolled his eyes and indulged her.
, but as your coach and all...”
His team met him at the prepping area, all looking a bit worse for wear. Molly did her best to hide her face between her hat and her scarf, eye squinting even behind the sunglasses she wore. Hair braided into pigtails, steps shuffling through the snow rather than stomping, gait shorter; she was slightly hungover and had surely gotten Lestrade
Sherlock sat splay-kneed on a gurney in the hallway of the under-attended ward, wringing his hands in his lap. He gave an experimental twist of his body and was rewarded with a flare of pain, but nothing too substantial. With gentle fingers he pressed against his ribs at his front and back for as far as he could reach, but it felt as though everything was still intact. They would check him for internal bleeding but nothing felt seriously off, which was both a surprise and a blessing; he was still in a massive amount of pain but it seemed that nothing was broken.
“Oi, back in a mo’,” Lestrade said suddenly, abandoning his seat. “I’ve got to have a word with Mol.”
“Yes,” John said vehemently, nostrils flaring with the force of his words.
Sherlock was about to continue, buoyed by John’s delight and surprise, when he felt a hand clasp on his shoulder. “Oi! Ever answer your phone?”
Struggling to his feet, Greg pointed a finger at Sherlock and said, “Don’t fucking pass out,” and jogged from the room.
“Arse,” John mumbles, just loud enough that Sherlock knows that it’s not meant to be under his breath. Again, Sherlock finds himself smiling; he feels it on his face, stretching his cheeks to their limit and he has to work to get his senses in check.
“Just wanted to be plain about it. You’re an international skiing superstar, I’m a washed up doctor, on paper doesn’t seem like a very likely match,” John scoffed, his hands coming up to hold Sherlock around his hips.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was incredibly low and rough and it caused a warm pool of desire to settle in Sherlock’s belly. It was inappropriate, it was ill-timed, but Sherlock couldn’t help it. He’d never felt like this before, this alive, this exhilarated, like he was dancing on a razor’s edge. It was different than the elation he felt while on the slopes, this was sharper and sweeter and ringed with a very different sort of danger. “We’re in a cupboard. In your rival’s villa. Trying to find evidence that he’s killed a man. Not the best time for you to be pressing your arse into me, yeah?”
when they reach the restaurant. John’s already weaving through the plentiful outdoor seating and finding a table towards the back of the patio. “This okay?”
John considered, licking his lips, lips that had just been on Sherlock’s. And even though he knew what they felt like, what they tasted like, Sherlock’s eyes followed that tongue and gazed at that mouth. “No, no, it was… I haven’t done that in a long time. It was lovely.”
Benefits that John finds himself unable to stop thinking about. He’s far from a prude, and certainly no longer makes self-deprecating judgments against himself simply for admiring Sherlock’s arse, or wondering what his cock would feel like on his tongue. But it’s not just that, it’s thinking of how they would feel sitting together on the sofa, thigh to shoulder; wondering if Sherlock would stand a cuddle on a Sunday morning; deciding on bedsheet colors; figuring out what he would say if he asked Sherlock to become Rosie’s legal guardian. Dozens of properly, soppily domestic things that John craves from Sherlock.
On impulse he glanced up to where the flags would indicate whether he was faster or slower than the rest of his field before he tore his eyes away to the empty grandstand. God, his legs felt like jelly, jelly that was somehow being consumed rapidly by fire.
They poured out of the bar in the late hours of the evening, light with drink and good humor, the time having gone past midnight. Molly was doing her best to keep her arm through Greg’s as he gestured wildly at the climax of a story. What the story was about Sherlock couldn’t rightly say, as he wasn’t paying attention; the color of the flecks in John’s hair as they picked up the muted neon of the bar sign was too distracting.
He and Greg stared at one another for what felt like eons.
John pushes him half-heartedly away with a playful shove, a flicker of his eyebrows as a challenge, “You want to come in your pants?”
.” John’s hands settled on Sherlock’s hips, thumbs dipping below the band of the boxer briefs. “You look like you stepped out of a magazine.”
“I wasn’t prepared, I should have been ready, I could have--”
“Molly has a bit of a crush,” Mike supplies.
John pressed the back of his free hand to his mouth, stifling a laugh. “That it?”
“So you’ve known her for a while,” John translates, slowly, deciphering Sherlock’s hastily-delivered string of words.
He bristled at himself and sat back, crossing his arms over his chest. Why did he care at all? He shouldn’t; John Watson didn’t matter. Sherlock Holmes wasn’t here to make friends or meet people, he was here to stand atop the downhill podium, his first Olympic gold around his neck.
it would be William and not
When John finally pulls away he’s flushed and a little sweaty and beaming from ear to ear. “You are a romantic, you bastard.”
It’s quiet inside of 221B, the hour gone just past nine. The only sound is the paper-scratch of cardboard being dragged across the floor, and stacks of documents being rifled through.
His eyes slipped closed and there was nothing more he wanted than to drag John into his room and curl around him and not leave for days. Peeling his eyes back open to look at John, Sherlock’s stomach turned as he catalogued--for what felt like the hundredth time--the bruising all over John’s face. They’d both come so close to losing so much; that notion, combined with his injuries and the whirlwind of actually having won an Olympic race, had him positively exhausted, emotionally and physically.
"John!”
entirely unpleasant to look at, and he seems very competent. An ex-army surgeon, capable foil to Molly in the morgue, who isn’t as stupid as most people are and more bizarrely... isn’t afraid of Sherlock.
idea.”
: explain yourself? Is this a looks thing? Do you not like the wya you look?
When he’s returned to the flat he’s distracted for a bit by his laptop, reviewing emails that Lestrade has sent him. The sweat on his skin is long since dry when he drags himself to the shower. He spends far too long beneath the spray, going over various ridiculous scenarios in his head, scenarios he acknowledges are insane and very unlikely to happen, but he can’t help mulling over anyway.
“In moderation,” John assured and popped a pill into his own mouth, ducking to slurp some water from the faucet. “I’m a doctor, I’ll keep an eye on you.”
“Ah, uhm,” Greg held his glass to his lips, hiding his wolfish smile behind the rim. “New
he reminds himself. A wave of giddy fear overtakes him at the simplicity of what he needs to do, but manages to speak around the emotions lodged in his throat. “Just about. No worries, nothing too spicy.”
Sherlock nods slowly as John continues. “You were… lonely. And even after a day, one night, seeing you being… brilliant, I thought you were untouchable, and cold and… then I realised that morning, we were the same. Looking for something to… fill us up.”
Sherlock blinks down at John briefly before returning, “Hello.”
“Well, it’s more efficient and hospitable than the last, but people won’t stop asking questions. I mean, I think they know I was involved but they don’t know
A snap of John’s hips and Sherlock stutters forward, elbow slipping against wrinkles in the covers. A moment later, John’s arm scoops beneath his hips and pulls him not just back, but maneuvers him up until Sherlock’s back is to John’s chest, and John’s cock presses that much deeper. Sherlock’s quads burn but he pushes that sensation aside in favor of marveling at just how full up he feels.
Sherlock glanced at the back of John’s form as he climbed the steps, from the hard line of his shoulders, to his capable, strong hands, to the solid bulk of his thighs. Every time he looked at John it felt as though it was the first; every time John laughed Sherlock’s heart stuttered, every time John touched him, he craved more. He’d never tire of John, never tire of his body or his mind, his personality or his eccentricities.
There, gone. There, gone. It’s a taunt.
“Sure it is.” John snorts, elbowing Sherlock gently in the ribs. “That and the way I take that arse.”
Sherlock checks in–follows the rules, hates the way it feels, grits his teeth–and actually wears the visitor’s badge that is given to the both of him. He feels like a buffoon; he knows that everyone will look at him and wonder
John’s mind stutters to a halt. “Champagne?”
Redbeard peeks his eyes back open, gets up from where he’s plopped down, and walks to the other side of the bed and rearranges himself until he’s comfortable. Sherlock frowns, feels slightly betrayed but follows suit, dozing off to the rain pattering against the window.
“Ah, yes, wouldn’t want to break into your parents’, I assume, they’d know.” Sherlock perked up with his deduction, looking at John smugly. He realized an instant too late that that was possibly the wrong thing to do.
“Right here,” Sherlock returned blissfully as John’s warm, slick hand covered his cock, stroking lightly. His left arm curled around John’s shoulders and tugged him in, John’s chest flush to Sherlock’s side. John’s shifted on his side to give himself more room, slipping his fingers round the base of Sherlock’s cock and jerking him slowly, sloppily.
When Sherlock stood once more, his head still swimming, he realized he’d been surrounded: by other competitors--namely the silver and bronze medallists, his ski team, Greg, reporters, and about a dozen course officials who were trying their best to keep the peace.
: Excuse me?
“Because it’s true?” John ventures and with a bit of effort, slides down from the sofa to sit next to Sherlock on the hard floor, a foot of space between them. Sherlock purses his lips, but raises  his glass as John picks his up, and they touch them together in a tacit understanding.
“Hello,” Sherlock returns, the word timid.
This has been both a blast and a burden to write. There were times when there was nothing else I could think about other than Sherlock in lycra; in those moments the words came easily. Then summer turned up and there was nothing I wanted to write about
,” John said again, against Sherlock’s mouth, threading his fingers deeply into Sherlock’s thick curls.
of the call, do be careful Sherlock. This is your last Olympics after all; you can’t afford a scandal.”
“Molly!” he very nearly shouts.
The dog nudges into him again and Sherlock nods, “That’s right,” Sherlock bends to run thin fingers over Redbeard’s ears. “At least he thinks I’m fit.”
“You’d come with me, obviously.”
than nice, really, but Sherlock didn’t want to press his luck.
It had all been said in the aftermath of trauma and now that his thoughts had settled and he was in a different mindspace, Sherlock found that he wanted to make certain that they were both absolutely on the same page.
: Alright. One week from today. Noon, at the fountain. But you must promise me one thing.
Sherlock’s tone, his admission that John’s compliment was
Sherlock could feel John’s head rocking against his chest, nodding. “I know that, I know. It’s just…” He pulled his face back, looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and smiled sadly. “I don’t know,” He blew out a breath and stepped out of the circle of Sherlock’s arms to slump back down into the couch. “And I don’t know why I came here.”
It’s so odd, taking someone’s opinion and rationale into account alongside his own. He hasn’t done anything like that since he was in primary school and that makes the fact that he’s considering someone else
“Are you alright?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed and he knew instantly that the level of concern he felt was far beyond what the situation called for; his lips twisted in personal disapproval.
Sherlock provided the reporter with a quick explanation of his first run, most of it nonsense; he wanted to finish with the press so he could share his joy with his team, with
Moments later, he had a reply.
, he feels
Sherlock blinked, narrowing his gaze. John swallowed thickly. “And now a man, a
Sherlock exploded from the gate, poles planted firmly into the snow and rocketing him onto the course. Immediately he felt a sense of calm wash over him, at being back where he was meant to be, doing what he was meant to do. His body sang with the exhilaration and his mind went clear and crystal, ready to read the track for future runs.
Sherlock’s voice falls absolutely deadpan as he says, “And if I had to deduce, a cock of average length.”
Sherlock is already in bed, a sweet curve of a half-moon beneath the blankets. Rounding the bed, John uses his towel to quickly dry his hair and then tosses it over a chair, climbing in with Sherlock completely nude.
He slides his finger against John’s rim one last time, eliciting a breathy sigh and pulls away, using John’s lethargic state to roll them over. Once he has John on his back, he rolls his hips once, their cocks pressing together on John’s stomach, before he pulls away with stunning agility and maneuvers down John’s body.
“You planning to bugger me in the lobby for all to see?” John asked, a humorous lilt in his voice.
“Nice to see you again… John, was it?” Lestrade cuts in, oblivious to the scene unfolding before him
“Why must you insist? You’re always… insistent.” Sherlock growled; John insisted even when he wasn’t present, elbowed his way into Sherlock’s thoughts and wouldn’t leave until Sherlock turned him over in his mind a few times.
“Why?”
Leaving the hotel they were met with several reporters who apparently had not heeded Mycroft’s warnings--whatever they were--but Sherlock simply kept his head down, sunglasses over his eyes and pushed through to the cart that would take them to the tram. The press wasn’t going to go away until he gave an official interview, but now wasn’t the time to think about that.
But none of that matters a bit to John Watson, because Sherlock is alternating his strokes, rubbing the head of his prick on every downstroke. A small sound escapes him, something strangled and desperate, and then his mouth is reaching blindly for Sherlock’s as his body goes taut, pleasure threatening to overwhelm him.
“Hey, you’ve never seen my place!” came the token protest.
Lestrade eyed Sherlock once more and after a short, curt nod, made his way out of the room. John shifted back into the sitting room and looked Sherlock slowly up and down. “You look knackered.”
A growl rose up in Sherlock, beginning as a rumble in his belly and vibrating up through his throat. It released as a loud wail and suddenly Sherlock was screaming at the top of his lungs. It tore out of him, desperate and high, “Help! Help us! Help!”
John presses his lips together at the annoying tone of his answer. “Strange name.”
“You’re bollocks at dirty talk,” John says in return and peels Sherlock’s face away, brings their mouths together once more. John licks in with a hunger that suffuses the room and Sherlock responds, body rising and pressing fully against John’s. “You make up for it in other ways, though. Turn over.”
This can be as messy and stilted as they want it to be, as long as they finally let it all go. All of it. And this admission, this heaving complexity of a real future together is incredibly important, heady, something that absolutely needs to be clarified and spoken aloud.
“And what do they usually say?”
Their gazes held and John’s smile faded until he was just looking upon Sherlock, openly and fondly, his thumb stroking over the back of Sherlock’s knuckles slowly. “I should get going.”
An “ah” gusts into his ear as Sherlock melts back into the bed. John files that away for later, too.
Just as he was in the athlete’s staging area removing his skis, he heard the crowd let out a collective gasp. Unable to see the large screen from where he was seated, he got up and rounded the bleachers. People had their heads in their heads, expressions ones of horror and disbelief.
Sherlock found the gym moderately populated, as early as it was. He recognized some faces and nodded to them in greeting, making his way through to the locker rooms and finding a cubby for his bag. He was in the middle of situating his kinesthesiology tape on his knees when a low, cat-call of a whistle resonated behind him.
When Sherlock returns, John’s stripped down to his boxer briefs and feels about as foolish as he’s sure he looks. “I can probably get in myself, I uh-”
“Well,” John begins, doesn’t quite know how to answer that, so settles on, “Yes.”
“I said nothing; it’s nothing. Forget I said a thing.” Wasn’t that interesting, how the notion of cutting someone off at the knees didn’t thrill at the moment as it usually would, as it likely would have the day previous. It wasn’t that he didn’t have the heart. Sherlock was distracted, and causing undue chaos to the people around him would make him even more so.
, so. Moriarty is everywhere in the news and then there’s his connection to you, and then there are the photos of you and I together... so it’s not exactly a secret. They’ve laid off in the past few hours, though.”
“Thank you but I-”
“Right. Not standing up for you again.”
There was another brief moment where the atmosphere in the room shifted from serious to heated, but then John stepped in between Lestrade and Sherlock and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Right, listen. We’re all rather tense now, yeah? I think a nice dinner and a full night’s sleep will do us all a world of good.”
Sherlock tries to hold back a smile, but fails, “Idiot.”
He feels John’s tongue lap up his spine on a downstroke and hear’s John’s messy groan. “Yeah, that’s it, ride it.”
John isn’t sure how to take that, really. So he just shrugs and moves to his small dresser, pulling out a sweater at random. “Well… the government is always gung-ho to fund a war but doesn’t give a toss what happens when we’ve outlived our value.”
Sherlock doesn’t know how to say it, doesn’t know how to vocalize that he wants to keep John with him on cases, like this, and thus he’s playing nice.  “This is the bit where I tell you,
Pocketing his mobile out of sheer confliction, he avoids responding to the email. He gets himself ready for bed and feeds Redbeard, thinking about John5NF all the while. About why he wants to tell him things, all of a sudden, about why he even struck up a conversation outside of the chat room in the first place.
John grunted in return, his hips shifting over the pillow, his head resting on his folded arms, waiting for Sherlock to have his way. He pulled John apart with his thumbs, experimentally dipping the right pad in and over John's furled flesh, pushing slightly against the resistance. “Reach over into the bedside table,” Sherlock directed, never taking his eyes off of John’s hole, and a moment later a small bottle bounced against the mattress at his left.
“Ah, interested in the friend, though,” he says and John presses his lips together in a straight line, attempts not to give anything away. “Are they…” Sherlock glances around the cafe and then innocently back at John. “Late?”
John considers this, that Sherlock doesn’t seem to believe that he’s good-enough for the just-barely-keeping-it-together human that John Watson is. It seems at once absurd and stunningly human of him.
Sherlock knows that he likely won’t find anything in the minutia, but he’d needed a reason to see John. Needed a reason to bring John along, immerse him in the case, capitalize on his obvious adrenaline addiction.
“Right,” John said and raised his hand up to signal for the waiter. “We eat and then we break and enter.”
“And?”
Sherlock can see about him, about anyone.
“I’d say make me, but that’d be-” Sherlock cuts him off with a quick kiss. “Ah, you’re a quick study,” John taunts when he pulls away but Sherlock just serves him with a dazzling grin and makes a show of baring his backside to John’s attentions. “There we are.”
They lay side by side, chests rising and falling in time as their skin cooled; John arranged his legs and managed to slip his calves just under the edge of the duvet. Sherlock risked a glance across the bed and was rewarded with a relaxed, sleepy-looking bed partner.
Sherlock conceded the truth; there was no point in denying the complexity of the course. “It will certainly test the merits of even the highest caliber athletes, yes.”
“I’ve asked Lestrade to meet us back at my room in four hours.” Sherlock slid his phone back into his pocket and looked off into the distance, thinking.
It’s an interesting balance they’ve struck.
Something
Sherlock takes a breath and realizes in the instant how remarkably protective he’s been of their relationship. Some of the more feeble–minded publications have accused him of wanting to remain closeted; in reality, Sherlock simply doesn’t want the extra stress on what they have. Their schedules and related but wildly-different sports put enough of that on them; he doesn’t need the world chiming in, speculating.
They stood like that for a long moment, holding one another, drinking the moment in.
“Boring.” He yawned, doing nothing to restrain the noise that emerged from his throat; Mycroft would hate that.
SOCHI, Russia - The skiing world was turned on its head Tuesday night when allegations were brought against dynamo Swiss ski and downhill favorite James Moriarty. Implicated in not only a plot to illegally traffic banned skiing wax to other elite athletes, but most importantly, in a murder plot, the thirty-eight year old skier was banned from the competitions and led from Olympic Village by police.
Sherlock’s chin drops to his chest and he shuffles the scant distance to John’s outstretched hands. The begin atop his shoulders, working the slippery soap into a lather, and then trail down his arms. John spends a good amount of time massaging Sherlock’s fingers before he diverts back up and cleans his neck.
After mulling the thought over for a bit, he decides he can’t justify the expense. A shameful, oily feeling roils about in his stomach; it's ten pounds, and he can't justify sparing it. It's more than pathetic.
“Yeah, not so much.” Mike laughs, taking a sip of his own coffee. “I’m in the basement, next to the morgue.”
Sherlock frowned, leaned back, and ran over each of Moriarty’s stints on the podium, his weaknesses and the likelihood that at he would medal. Sherlock had to be snapped back to the present when there ceremonies ended, and he rose on rubbery legs to follow the flow of people out of the seats.
And why, he wonders, does the prospect of lying to anonymous, Internet John make him feel so terrible?
“Like a blind date! How exciting!” Molly says, actually having the audacity to clap her hands together again, in a crowded bar.
Sherlock peaks his other eyebrow and then he smiles slightly, “No need to explain yourself.”
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John muttered and that caused Sherlock to laugh, the motion of doing so causing pain to radiate up his spine. “We would have been fucked if you hadn’t been here, Greg.”
“Nothing, I… just had a, nevermind.” John tidies the space in front of him briefly, pushing all of the bits of sugar wrapper into a little pile. “We don’t have to be friends, but I shouldn’t be a dick back to you. So. Sorry, goodnight, if you could,” and John motions with his hands for Sherlock to shoo.
Sherlock shoved his hands into his pockets and followed along beside at a distance he deemed to be safe and acceptable; after a few moments, however, he found himself drawn closer to John’s side, so close that their arms brushed and knuckles knocked, and neither moved away. He was warm with drink and company and felt his chest creak and expand as he acknowledged that John clearly wanted to spend time with him; he’d gone out of his way to get Sherlock to stay at the bar and the obviousness of the attempt made Sherlock’s pulse beat wildly with ridiculous possibility. Sherlock licked his lips, willed himself under control and said, feigning disinterest, “The ramblings of a drunkard, I suppose.”
John sniffs primly, lifts the cup and take a sip. “Thanks.” Olive branch accepted, Sherlock ducks his head in acknowledgement of the thanks and takes a step back towards the doors.
“Yeah,” John agreed, thinking that was the end of it.
There’s a coffee cart just outside of the main entrance to Bart’s and Sherlock walks briskly by it before an idea strikes him. He backtracks, orders two large coffees, gathers a pocketful of creamer cups and sugar packets, and goes into the building. It’s as close to an olive branch as he can manage given the circumstances.
John breathlessly drew his knees up, allowing Sherlock better access, but even as he did, Sherlock knew he’d be unable to lavish the proper attention on John in the position he was in.
you want.
His lips twisted in annoyance but he didn’t slow his pace, just following the flow of people until the last of the group he’d followed with broke off and into a bar. Sherlock didn’t know where he was but he knew it wouldn’t be difficult to find his way back so he cut to the right, down a small avenue that funneled back out onto a larger boulevard.
Slowly, he lifts his hands away from the keyboard, levers himself back and looks at
It was when John slipped his fingers back around, abandoning Sherlock’s sac to press teasingly at the ring of muscle just behind that Sherlock’s arousal peaked. “God,” he grit out, “It’s, I’m going to…”
Sherlock chuckled, once, jostling John’s head in his lap; that wasn’t the end of things, far from it, but Sherlock felt a bit lighter for it.
“Well?” he hisses when she’s still nearly ten feet away.
tedious; you are a rather boring man, aren’t you? Were you intending on keeping me here all day and
Though they were seasoned skiers, they were also a rowdy group. Sherlock didn’t bother imposing rules on their behavior as he’d never had a problem with them in the twelve odd years he’d worked with the majority of them, but he didn’t like to mingle. Mingling would make it seem as though they were amicable and if they were amicable they would likely try to offer him advice and Sherlock didn’t need anyone in his head.
Sherlock flops down on the bed next to John, his arms flailing so wide that he nearly catches John in the groin. Shifting, John sits up, glancing down at Sherlock’s frowning face, and reaches to smooth over a cheekbone, oblivious at his attempt to soothe him as Sherlock shouts, “I put on a tie for this!”
“The first three turns were sloppy, there’s no surprise that he’s going into the middle of the run off-kilter. That second dip of the shoulder was what tripped him up, he was a little bit surprised by that bobble. Needs to keep his head up and focus, if he hopes to even show his face next season.” That critique goes to a Norwegian skier who is arguably one of the best in the world, though relatively new to the scene.
Instead, he allowed his head to loll back on his shoulders and he rolled his eyes. “
They’re a few paces down the pavement when Sherlock glances over at John. The feeble sunlight pushing its way through the low clouds seems to encompass him, seems to bend around and hold him, suspended, beautiful. John’s hair is still wet and Sherlock admonishes himself mightily for finding it charming, the way it looks slicked down, almost as though he’s a greaser from the fifties. John keeps his hair military-neat, but Sherlock finds himself wondering how he could best muss it with his fingers, undo some of that rigidity.  It’s an entirely inappropriate road to start down, but he finds himself on it more and more lately.
