Dean grinds his teeth, but swallows the barbs he longs to throw at the outlaw. He just wants Emmanuel to leave him alone.
Dean’s face twists in fury, and he grabs his ankle, dragging him to the edge of the bed, Castiel rolling up into sitting position as he pulls him in—
she answers, before spinning around to the beat. Max grabs her hands and they both laugh, Max twirling her under his arm.
Castiel thinks for a moment.
“You gonna just stand there, or do you want some coffee?”
Dean thinks for a moment, setting his glass down.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers, his voice heated with smoke and sensation. Castiel groans as he shifts underneath him, guiding Castiel back in. In one smooth motion, Dean pulls him in completely, legs wrapping around the small of his back, and Castiel jerks forward, gasping.
“I said.”
Lilith is still talking.
While he has never considered himself a great cook, his magic allows him an advantage, and he quickly sets the eggs to scramble themselves on low heat, as he focuses on setting the table. It’s far from their first meal together—Dean has cooked for him numerous times, and not just when he was a cat—but this is the first time he’s coming to Castiel’s house, so he flits about the kitchen anxiously, wanting everything to be perfect.
“Be nice,” Sam calls after him.
Zeke glances at Anna briefly, before turning back to Dean.
“We should follow him.”
“Looks like this fight just got a little more complicated.”
Normally, he would keep his mouth shut and obey—the man reminds him of his father, in that regard—but he’s already on edge today, and he’s had it with everyone in Daughton telling him what to do.
She laughs.
He jangles the keys at Dean. In his other hand is a plate of something, hot and steaming. Despite himself, Dean’s stomach rumbles. He ain’t had nothing but coarse bread and a couple strips of jerky since they captured him. His captors hadn’t been too kind about sharing food—only when Dean was about to fall out of the saddle did they allow him the bare minimum from their rations.
But Emmanuel continues to stare at him, those eyes unblinkingly drinking Dean in, picking him apart, as if to tear away his secrets until he’s left naked before him. Dean shivers.
Dean’s jaw is set, his eyes are firm.
For a moment, they just hold there, breathing against each other. Dean grabs at the back of Emmanuel’s head, fingers curling into the sweaty dark hair at the base of his neck. Emmanuel presses one hand against the wall, boxing Dean in, lips trembling on Dean’s skin.
“I still don’t understand why you invited him,” Dean interrupts. “He’s not really a part of the group. If I’m being honest.”
“Well, Marv,” Dean says genially. “You stopping? Passing through?”
He rolls his shoulders, sighing impatiently. Summer had rolled around, the flowers bursting and wilting in the damp July heat, and it had hit him bad. Castiel clenches his fists and rests his forehead against the church doors, breathing weakly.
“I—I lo—“
Bela is shaking her head furiously, sputtering explanations.
No, no
He scrambles up, pressing his ear to the wall. After two days of near-silence, dude decides to just casually start shredding Van Halen? Fucking Eddie Van
Dean doesn’t remove his hand.
He pulls out the leather parcel, the money they lifted off the thief back in the desert. He’s kept it close this entire time, to make sure it reached its destination. He sets it on the table in front of her, unwrapping it. For a moment she simply stares at the money, then looks back up at Castiel.
“You still moping over that….what was his name? Castle?”
He trails off, eyes dropping to the floor.
He doesn’t know who Dean thinks he is, but if this asshole is going to try and intimidate him with these constant staring contests, he has another thing coming.
“I might be more useful than you think,” he snaps. “Emmanuel’s got my brother. I may not have been tracking the outlaw long as you, but I know my brother. As much as breathing, as much as living. I can tell you what he’ll do before he even does it. Can you say the same of your precious Emmanuel?”
“Cas, you get lost or something?”
“Now, I would like to know how our friend Emmanuel manages to escape from a cell guarded by four of my best men, despite the fact he was hogtied and bloody and beaten six ways from Sunday.” He narrows his eyes, staring down at the man in front of him. “How do you figure that?”
“You again.”
“There ain’t anything,” Ellsworth says, eyes shifting back and forth. “I swear.”
Castiel wants to throw it off.
“No,” Dean says, at the exact time Cas says, “Yes.”
He rolls his neck, baring his teeth.
“What the hell—”
Dean sticks his hands in his pockets, a tentative smile on his face too.
“The only reason we should be pulling our guns is to protect ourselves. Or other people.” He grits his teeth. “Otherwise, it ain’t right.”
Cas pauses.
Castiel sets down the tray.
Then Dean’s hand is there—gripping tight. The demon dies with a shriek, and Castiel falls back from the explosion of power, Dean slipping from his arms to the floor.
Sam swallows.
“Cas—please,” he whispers.
(He does not know this speech has been given to him many times.)
Her eyes roam over his face, slow and cataloguing.
s from behind him, the tattoo machine renewing its buzzing with a dull hum.
Castiel looks up sharply.
“This is our home. It always has been.”
She flips Sam over onto his back and straddles him, shoving him back against the bed. There’s a moment where Ruby has to gasp, clutch at the back of his neck as they start to rock against each other. Sam hisses, gripping at her hips, her arms, pressing up into her until they’re both crying out and falling back, the only thing in the room the sound of heated breath.
“You know, if your law career goes belly up, you could always have a successful career as a wedding planner.”
“Come again?” Dean says, voice dangerously low.
The sheriff has removed everything except his shirt, which sticks to his wet skin, plastered close. Castiel pulls his eyes up to the man’s face, determined to keep himself under control.
“Um,” he says shortly. “Yeah.”
Because he’s a vindictive little shit, Dean blocks his number.
Instead, he sits down on the curb, focusing on his breath. He just wants Dean to leave.
It’s Dean who finally rescues them, popping up and darting over to Anna's side, grabbing her arm.
She scans the assembled detectives, calling out a few names.
It looks the same. Most of the sigils are completely faded, graffiti covering the others, no doubt splashed up there by some local kids. The table is still there, of all things. And there, the marks left by his knife, Jesus, even the pieces of his gun. Castiel reaches out and touches the rusted metal. He lets out a broken laugh, dipping his head. It seems like a lifetime ago.
Something in Castiel’s voice tips him off, and Dean freezes.
Castiel grips the edge of the sink as he hunches over, gasping.
Dean watches him, breathless. He knows he should probably feel betrayed, feel like his trust has been violated—but he doesn’t.
Dean glares at him.
Dean’s fingers pause.
He takes Dean’s hands again, looking up into his eyes.
“Remember what Dad taught you, okay?” He murmurs. “And what I taught you.”
She presses the tip of the knife against his shoulder, just hard enough to hurt, but not hard enough to bleed.
His mind stabs with pain—a ringing so sharp that it drops him to his knees, his eyes hazing over red.
“Nothing!” Dean says indignantly.
She stands, brushing the dirt and leaves from her clothes. Her movements are oddly birdlike.
Dean enters the small room, shrugging.
Dean grabs his wrists, still worried Em might accidentally pull a stitch in the wound in his side—utterly confused by his sudden vehemence.
But Dean must know, because he flips him over, and Castiel sucks in a breath at the sudden change, the coolness of the sheets briefly soothing the heat on his skin. Dean runs a hand down his back, starting at the top of his spine, tracing along the edge of his tattoo, before starting to move down. Castiel can only hear Dean's breath, and how it picks up as his hands drift lower and lower. Castiel curls his hands into the sheets beneath him, arching slightly.
“Besides—” his hands flash again—“I got a spare.” He wiggles the second blade.
“I couldn’t let her,” Castiel whispers. “She was going to kill you.”
“You get to run off and disappear all the time, so why can’t I?”
Now Castiel focuses on creating life, instead of taking it.
There, under the words
Abaddon raises her sword—but a hand grabs her ankle and she’s flipped to her back, snarling. She drops her blade as Alastair grabs her again, seizing her shoulders—and then they’re locked in a struggle again, snarling.
Dean doesn’t bother correcting him this time.
He chokes back a sob.
“And who are you?” He asks.
"New in town, huh, feller?" One says.
He drops Cesar in one of the chairs, standing back.
“Way better than okay,” he murmurs, shifting closer.
“You ain’t got a friend in this town,” he hisses in his ear. “I wouldn’t look so smug.”
Dean doesn’t respond. He just stares up at the ceiling, his eyes unfocused.
Dean squints at his phone screen for a moment, before snatching it up and swiping to open the message.
He spits in the dirt at his feet.
“Besides, we can’t seem to be able to even
If it didn’t have the blood.
“I’m so glad I kept coming back,” he murmurs. “Otherwise, I might have never figured it out.”
The guy fidgets, glancing around.
Castiel glances around him, mind racing wildly.
"A miracle! Here's our own hands against our hearts." ~Benedick, Act V, Scene IV
He smoothes a hand down his tie again.
His good deed done, he flits away to the last bedroom, some of his worry leaving him when he sees Castiel, safe in his bed.
“Yeah,” he says. “It really was.”
Charlie yanks him by the sleeve into the back room, quickly calling out to Becky.
Dean glances over at Emmanuel, unsure of how to answer. Emmanuel coughs, leaning forward.
“El-Ellsworth,” he says eventually.
Ketch’s lip curls.
“But—“
She laughs again, but then her eyes settle on Anna, lying still on the ground. The grin falters a little.
Castiel presses his forehead to Dean’s.
Michael drags a talon down his cheek, his grotesque lips twisting into a smile.
Sam pushes the scrap of paper towards him.
Oh no. She’s putting on the Mom Voice, which means Dean is ten seconds away from crumpling. Dammit.
He feels Castiel tense against him, the way he always does when Dean mentions the curse—but Dean doesn’t stop. Castiel might have given up hope, long ago, but Dean is still searching.
She looks around quickly, lowering her voice.
Dean feels his cheeks burn, and he drops his gaze.
“Is that him?” She asks softly. Dean nods. She lifts her revolver, features hardening.
The heat of Dean’s body leaves him, and Castiel snarls in a moment of confusion and irritation—
Castiel turns his side to his opponent, minimizing the target. Dean is motionless.
Castiel sucks a sharp breath in.
“Dude, are you serious?” Castiel hisses. He knew Gabe was up to something, but
Only Emmanuel remains.
Anna points.
“Well.” Cas shrugs. “Here goes nothing.”
She’s going to die slow.
Dean dismounts with a longing sense of melancholy, patting Chevre as the attendant takes her away.
He just stares. Dean stares back.
Meg narrows her eyes at him, her tone suddenly sharp.
Gabriel laughs, standing and crossing over to his somehow already overflowing bookshelf.
Now that Abaddon’s dead, Anna thinks he’s purging the sickness, whatever feverish grip the angel of Hell had on his mind.
Abaddon grabs his wrist, and Castiel is helpless to fight back, those terrible eyes fixed on his.
—goddammit—“
Anna shakes her head.
“Sam,” Dean urges.
Dean suddenly stops, pulling back sharply, his hands still locked tight to his hips. Castiel jerks his head up, ready to yell at him, to tell him to keep going, to fucking get it over with—but Dean’s staring like he wants to devour him, and Castiel’s voice dies in his throat.
He turns his back on the three of them, taking in a deep breath.
Castiel bites his lip. He thinks maybe things would have been better if Dean had just left him there.
They emerge from the diner almost two hours after going in, and Castiel doesn’t even question it when Dean slides into the passenger seat again.
“You…”
He looks down at it for a minute, then holds it out.
With Lilith’s first slice into her skin, Anna realized what she was in for—that Lilith is going to try to break her spirit, and prepare her for the possession. The angelic bitch had been giving Anna her best for she doesn’t know how long—but what Anna
He panics, his chest burning. There’s nothing, there’s only darkness, he’s—
“Uh. Mint Chocolate Chip’s fine.”
Abby crosses her arms, looking at him.
Cas scowls.
“I know,” Castiel answered softly. “Hello, Dean.”
“You gonna be okay?”
Dean is at his side in an instant, hissing in his ear.
It's a speech they've heard many times before. Gabriel tilts his head, pursing his lips.
Sam is stiff, his back still turned to Abaddon. He takes in a slow, deep breath, and turns.
He shoves himself up, wiping his sweaty hands on his jeans. He turns around slowly, muttering under his breath.
He snaps, slamming his hand against the wall. He ignores the throb that shoots up his arm as he shoves the rest of his shit into a duffle, checking over his shoulder. He only has a couple of minutes.
“Boring.”
And in the middle of the bed, there’s a tray sitting out, with a bottle of chilled champagne, chocolate strawberries, and a card with their names on it.
How in the hell—?
But to tell the truth…this is the only time Castiel feels safe. When he's alone. Every word he speaks, to Anna, to Gabriel—he has to constantly monitor himself, to make sure he doesn’t slip up, that they won’t catch him in a lie. It's exhausting.
“We are in a goddamn expensive hotel, we are not going into a fucking closet—”
“You think you can throw me back into the Pit?”
>when alicia told me we were coming here for the wedding i considered leaving the country
She narrows her eyes. Sam exhales, his borrowed heart thudding against his ribs.
“Up here?” Bobby asks, face painted in disbelief.
“You oughta show him,” he says. “I know I wanted to keep my first wanted poster.”
Dean slowly pushes himself up, shaking.
“I owe you for that trick with the sand,” she says.
“First time up at the Roost was a year or so back. Third time, I met Anna. You know the rest,” he murmurs.
He grabs a towel from the rack in the bathroom, running it under cool water before returning to Dean’s side. He wipes the blood from his face and mouth, even going so far as to slightly open Dean’s lips with his hand to clean him up.
He scares up a pair of boxers and the shirt he grabbed on the way into the bathroom, giving it a quick sniff test. Hmm. Passable. He slowly buttons it up, yawning.
He wants to fight against it, trying to pull away from him.
She stops behind them, nudging Castiel with her foot.
“Fuckers almost put me on suicide watch,” she mumbles, eyes not meeting his.
Anna lowers the book slowly.
“I’m sorry,” he says. “If I shouldn’t have brought up the...cat thing.”
Dean jumps up, shrinking away from him.
Her dark hair spreads across the pale sheets, lovely and tangled, the sweet tang of sweat in the air. The curve of Ruby's back presses up against Sam's front, and he buries his face in her hair, losing himself in her warmth.
Flash. An empty street. Sam’s hand is like a vice on his arm, Anna clinging to Castiel’s other hand, they’re just running, blindly forward, trying to get away—
Castiel misses the anxious glance Dean gives him after that. He’s too busy puzzling over his words.
“I guess,” he finally murmurs.
Dean feels sick to his stomach. He sinks his head down and feels over his face, fingers numbly touching his cheek. He can already feel it swelling, and he can tell it’ll blacken.
“He never would’ve gotten shot if it wasn’t for me,” Emmanuel whispers. “That’s the truth.”
The presence of Adam at the court of Daughton had been the source of some contention over the past couple of weeks. Many had advised the queen against it, saying it was not proper, and could offend the members of the court. Mary had smiled sweetly, and told them to prepare Adam a room in the castle.
“Eileen,” Sam breathes.
Her voice darkens.
. Similar to the one Dean saw on Carver’s mutt last week.
Dean scowls, and they glare at each other, each gripping their respective ring boxes.
“It’s going to work. It has to.”
“Okay,” he says softly. “Let’s do this.”
Dean’s heart is racing, he can hardly think. He looks at Cas, steeling his courage.
“Why does that matter?” The sheriff asks. Anna glances at Castiel, but they ignore his question. Gabriel leans over, snatching the paper from Anna’s hands.
Castiel, in the light of the sun.
“Ellen—it's
“Again, not him. Didn’t manage it in three days.”
A demon rushes up to the line, but halts, snarling. They back away, raising their blades.
“Quoting the Bible now?” Dean props himself up onto one elbow, a hand finding Castiel's waist. “I think we’re edging on blasphemous here.”
The heat burns, and he remembers pain.
She’s shaking, her face pale and white.
“I swear.”
He kneels down, but she backs away, eyeing him warily.
It’s true, Dean hasn’t been exactly kind to Castiel—but he thought he was just meeting fire with fire, Cas’s vitriol with his own. But now….
“Well, I know you won’t be at your full strength, and I’m just saying if you want to wait—”
Castiel remembers. Shit, he had been so happy, so proud—and when Dean told him…
“Come on.”
Castiel stands slowly, eyeing them all.
Dean snarls under his breath.
He tries to crawl away from them, gasping weakly. But there’s no stopping the steady drip of blood from his side.
The guy nods towards the piano.
“I know I look young for my age, but I’m seventy-two.”
Dean scoffs.
Dean looks up, his mouth set in a grim line. He doesn't say anything, but Sam can read the defeat in his eyes.
“No, I just—”
He had left. Left him. Without so much as a backward glance.
“You fixed up my greenhouse, so I fix up your garden. I plan on earning my keep around here.”
“But whatever you got was enough,” Sam says dryly. Martin grins.
I lost my memory—”
Castiel bit his lip.
Dean just smirks, twisting his hips a little.
“Not lying!” Dean says hastily. “We just…” He swallows.
“That’s not all you are,” he says, fiddling with the edge of his laptop. “You’re much more than that.”
Dean doesn't answer, instead shaking his head. He looks at Sam, half awed, half incredulous.
Dean hisses, arching against the bed, digging fingers into Castiel’s back as he moves on top of him, rough and hard. Castiel plants a hand against his chest, shoving him back, loving how Dean nearly faints, as he bites at air, gasping, hands fumbling, scrambling to find skin.
“Emmanuel.”
“This isn’t how it was supposed to go,” she breathes. “Not this, not like this—“
Cas leans back, pulling off his fake mustache and the hat.
Castiel looks around wildly, for help, for anything—Sam and Charlie are fighting off angels and demons, Anna and Gabriel struggling amongst the haze and smoke to find them, and in the middle of it all—the archangels snarling at each other, locked in a stalemate.
He slips out to the stables and saddles up, pulling himself up onto Chevre’s back. Normally, going outside the walls would require an escort of men to accompany him, but Dean lies and says he’s not going far, just a short circuit to stretch Chevre’s legs. The stablehand believes him, and Dean sets out alone.
“Dude. You can’t pull that every time you want to avoid a conversation.”
“Anna—“ he blurts, immediately dropping his hand. “What are you—“
Mary has permitted him to continue his rides, as long as he brings an escort for when he goes outside the castle walls. But today, Benny is unavailable, saddled with training of new recruits, and Dean is accompanied instead by a chattering, inane guard, who keeps up an endless running string of thoughts, seemingly unconnected. They have not even passed the outskirts of the village, and Dean feels as if he might go mad.
Dean grinds his hips up.
“Can I at least hit him?” Anna says through gritted teeth.
“Charlie.”
“Bela always was good at getting information."
Castiel breathes in deep, remembering the feeling of Dean against his skin.
A strange spark of power surges through them, blue blazing in Dean’s eyelids—and suddenly Bartholomew is reeling back, cradling his hand as if he’s been burned.
“And then I ran,” he whispers. “Knew I would be wanted, so I ran down south, through La Junta, and that’s where I met Gabriel. Saved me from being arrested for stealing scraps from the local inn. And it wasn’t ‘til a couple weeks later that I started hearing the stories.”
He tries to save face, but the guy is graciously ignoring Dean's burning face, hooking up his guitar.
“You got that look in your eye,” he whispers, and Dean shudders.
“She and Charlie went to check on their dress alterations,” he says absently.
Castiel shoves Anna behind him, growling.
Dean just barely stops his jaw from dropping.
He’s about to sit down when there’s a knock on the door.
His throat feels tight, and he clenches and unclenches his hands. He feels useless, so he fiddles with his tie. Cas’s silence is starting to unnerve him.
His keen instincts tell him, there's something—just there—just hidden at the edge of the clearing.
Dean was wrong―this lady is an angel sent from Heaven.
“No,” she says vehemently. “Don’t.”
Dean sits gently on the side of his bed, reaching out to stroke through his hair. Maybe he shouldn’t have come.
He attacks again, darting his hand out, but the blade hisses as it stings only air. Castiel whirls, panting. Christ, he's fast—
“Mmmph.”
“Well, I guess I’ll have you.”
Sam bristles.
Dean takes a deep breath.
―Jess C. Scott
“He’ll live,” Sam says curtly. “But he’s gotta rest. I'll see if they've got anything.”
Castiel tilts his head, lifting up the star as way of explanation. Winchester’s eyes flick down, then back to Castiel’s.
She braces herself for it, as Castiel places a hand on her shoulder.
There’s a soft knock at the door, and Dean exhales, his shoulders slumping.
Castiel growls, turning away from him. He wants to scream at the both of them until he can’t scream anymore.
Sam shakes his head when he finishes, his brow furrowed.
Her voice is thick.
They collapse into peals of laughter, and Anna grimaces, pressing down on the accelerator.
Sam glances up, looking guilty. Dean balks.
Castiel moves forward, his heart swelling.
He stops, and swallows.
“You—will—die,” he hisses, landing another punch. Castiel chokes, spitting blood.
Their horses walk up a short incline, and when they reach the crest of the hill, Dean is struck.
“You really had the ring for a year?”
“I’ve loved you for years,” he murmurs quietly.
Castiel curls a hand around Dean’s wrist.
Dean steps up, his eyes going wide. Mary lifts the bow, and a hush falls over the crowd. It’s a sleek black, carved from birch. The smallest engraved flowers flow up its side, intertwined with mother of pearl inlays, so tiny as to not disturb the balance and craftsmanship of the bow. It’s the most beautiful thing Dean’s ever seen.
“Cas.”
Dean growls and shoves them back, sprinting for Castiel—
Dean pulls back from her, affronted.
Dean leaned forward, lips parting.
“What?” He says shakily.
Sam leans over, sees what Dean’s looking at, and snorts.
Dean finally breaks the silence.
“We just had to get you out of there," he continues quietly. "But I brought you something." He lifts up an earthen jar.
“You know how to ride?”
Gabriel and Castiel start pulling out plates, Anna watching as Charlie murmurs under her breath, symbols coming to life on the walls—Enochian and other languages Castiel doesn't recognize—brief glowing stripes that settle and fade slightly.
Anna cries into the coat, that stupid coat that he insisted on wearing almost every day, and Dean can’t help it.
He shudders out a breath.
Castiel hesitated.
“Meg’s my good friend,” he says. “
Charlie lights up, looking at Alicia with glee.
“Same thing to you, brother.”
Despite its intimidating outer appearance, inside, it looks mostly like his own. A kitchen, a living room, simply decorated, only the occasional pentacle and bundle of herbs to indicate Castiel’s tendencies.
I was saying.”
Castiel retells the entire story of the key and the cat, this time with no selective editing. Dean interjects occasionally, but he’s more preoccupied with his breakfast, which to Castiel’s delight, he pronounces as ‘friggin’ delicious’.
He shakily looks up, into her merciless eyes.
Anna heads back over to Sam, who’s already kneeling, tracing out the sigils on the floor. Gabriel comes back from his sweep outside, tucking his gun into his belt.
Anna looks between the two of him, pursing her lips.
—planting a kiss on Dean’s cheek.
Sam stares at him, incredulous.
“I had a home once,” he finds himself saying.
“Cas!” Dean calls, not looking away from the Marshal in front of him.
“You're the nastiest person I know,” Dean says scathingly. “Then you turn around and pretend you're the greatest thing to walk God’s green earth. Sorry, buddy, but you ain't.”
Calm for a thousand years. I stayed in Heaven, almost passing into oblivion.
“You think you didn’t deserve it,” he murmurs sadly.
Castiel peeks an eye open, and once he concludes it’s safe, he slides into the room, pulling up the chair opposite him. Gabriel taps his pen against his cheek, quirking up an eyebrow.
“Dean!” Calls a voice.
The second he’s gone, the three of them lean forward, whispering excitedly.
It’s almost absurd in a way—coming back to their childhood home, trying to fall back into the life they had known before. To forget that they had been in the middle of an apocalypse, that the three of them had stopped fate and chosen each other, with the help of some rogue angels, those who had refused to buy into God’s plan.
“Think we were too busy arguing for small talk.”
Dean ignores them all, kissing Cas again.
“No,” he says. “I mean—I don’t want any more of that. I have to keep a clear head.”
“Very.”
Castiel tries not to let a smug smile cross his face. He has the advantage now, with both blades in his hands.
Castiel sinks to his knees. Abaddon’s hand rests gently on his arm, the only thing keeping him from collapsing. There’s only a mess of green, green haze, green walls, green eyes.
Castiel elbows him.
The two angels come to stand behind her, watching him, emotionless.
<i mean, if you want
"You cannot seem to stay away from these woods," he says, but there's no reprimand behind it. Dean swallows.
"Cas," he blurts. "I'm sorry—shit, I'm so sorry—“
“Uh, Eileen?” He says questioningly. Right—Eileen, that was her name.
keep fighting.”
“Um, Dean?” Charlie says, tapping his shoulder.
“Dean—”
“Didn’t want to do this, but I’m starting to think it’s inevitable,” he says, glancing pointedly behind him. Castiel turns, just in time to Eileen storm off, Sam hastily following her.
Dean crumples the letter without bothering to finish reading. It’s just going to be the same shit excuse.
“My papa owns the place,” the kid is saying. “Where are you from?”
“No,” he says, smirking. “But I wouldn’t exactly say no.”
Dean blinks.
“Your turn.”
“No, he doesn’t!” Dean explodes.
Castiel kisses him deep, with no shame, holding nothing back. Dean lets out a soft groan, Castiel biting at his lip, the darker wetness as his mouth opens, tongue slipping in.
“Don’t know. Very powerful demon, probably. Or some monster we’ve never even seen before.”
Castiel glances over to the man, still huddled in the corner.
Castiel quickly explains the whole situation. Gabriel knew most of it from Sam, but he raises his eyebrows at Castiel’s request.
Castiel looks up.
Now if he can just figure out how to do it.
“Talk,” he says flatly. Dean tries to circumvent.
“So what now?” Benny asks, breaking Dean out of his thoughts. “You two movin’ in together?”
“Kansas City was a bust.”
“Looks like you and I are in for a long night, then.”
He looks back off down the road, snorting.
Castiel snorts. He has the same questions. Anna loads the bullets and spins the cylinder, out of habit.
“One guess,” Anna says.
“I wish I could say my slate was as clean,” Castiel mutters.
He moves back from the railing, pushing himself up. Tears are starting to come to his eyes, hot and bitter, and he’ll be damned if he’ll let Dean see him cry.
Dean swallows.
Dean is surprised.
Lilith glances down at the blade, smiling slightly. She folds her hands behind her back.
“Get out of my way.”
He is rueing his stupidity, contemplating stopping and taking a rest, when there's the snap of a twig behind him.
Dean crawls closer, shaking.
He stops, trying to catch his breath. Sam tilts his head.
Dean shuts his mouth, grinding his teeth. The outlaw meets his eyes.
“New stuff for the new place?” She offers helpfully, beaming.
He tilts his head, looking at Castiel curiously.
The tension drains from Dean’s shoulders, and he drops his head to stare at the ground, breath spiraling silver in a long slow exhale.
“With me not being a witch,” he mumbles.
Those boots are back, propped up on the seat next to Castiel, and he’s got on a ragged leather jacket that looks like it’s been dragged across at least five continents. Though, if Dean really is an angel, perhaps that isn’t entirely an impossibility.
Dean glances over his shoulder.
Upper right window, the girl. Most deadly with a pistol, she’d only missed twice so far.
Dean places his fingers in his mouth, about to whistle to Emmanuel and Gabriel—but then he freezes, mouth dropping open.
“Mmf—don’t care.”
“I might have…given our manager a pig’s tail.”
Castiel rolls his eyes for what seems the eleventh hundred time that morning.
“They what?”
Mary put a hand to her chest, sucking in a sharp breath. “Oh.”
“Good. I hate that school. Everyone there sucks. Except April.”
When they walked in, Mary was still at work, but there were three little presents, wrapped up on the table. She’d written their names in Sharpie. Sammy got a book of blank sheet music, and Dean got Mortal Kombat 3. Cas had been given a set of colored pencils, but they weren’t a brand that Dean recognized. They looked expensive. Looking at Cas’ face, Dean could tell that he was fighting back tears. “Cas, wanna give this game a test run?”
Castiel wasn’t exactly sure how he got the key to turn in the lock, but he felt a surge of satisfaction as he swung the door to the motel room open. His body fell into the room, supported by the death grip he had on the door.
“No. She dumped me after homecoming, cuz she could tell I like boys.” Cas let out another giggle. “Boys are pretty…” Cas wore a tired half-smile as he dazed off into his thoughts.
“Do you remember much of last night?” Dean asked.
Those broken-glass eyes that met his nearly shattered his heart. “Hey, it’s okay.” Dean’s knuckles traced a gentle line down Cas’ cheek. “I’m here. I’m right here and I will stay right here. I can’t even imagine what you must have been through but baby I’m here.” Dean cupped Cas’ face in his hands and kissed his forehead. “I’m right here.”
Dean didn’t make any sort of move to pull away from Cas, so he kept talking. “And those freckles you have just soften you so much, but you’re still so strong and solid and so... Dean.”
Sam popped his head out of his door and frowned. “Why not?”
Dean looked up at Cas.
She was quiet for a moment. “Alright. I’ll have Sammy set up the spare bedroom. We’ll go over there tonight and pick up all his things. That’s no problem. How’s he doing physically?”
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked, his words slurring slightly.
Even though Cas’ face was hidden, Dean could tell he got more red. “No, I have not.”
Cas looked up. “Hm? Oh, yeah, I’m okay,” he mumbled absently.
When he looked back at his mother, she had a smile and a little glint in her eye that he couldn’t quite figure out. She didn’t acknowledge the cat or the wordless bickering. “Where are you going to school in August?” she asked. “Cavalry,” Castiel answered. “Wait, what? You’re not going to Lawrence High?” Dean asked, surprised. “Uh, no. Cavalry.” “Guess it makes sense with your parents being all religious and shit,” Dean muttered.
“Sketchbook. My mom bought it for me.”
He knocked on Cas’ door. “Can I come in?”
Dean crawled in, not exactly gracefully, but definitely quietly. Thankfully, Cas’ bed was right under the window. “Nice place ya got here,” Dean remarked, looking around at the bare walls. “You still unpacking or something?”
“Alright then,” Dean replied with a laugh, rolling onto his back. “How’s things with your brother?”
“Hi, honey, how was work?” Dean teased as Cas climbed into the passenger seat.
Dean shook his head, rifling through the closet for a henley-flannel combo. “You’re good, man.”
Dean felt Cas smile and that made him smile. “I’m serious, Cas. I love you.”
“Um, no, Mom, he’s not okay. His brother beat the shit out of him and his parents kicked him out.”
“Cool. You got any cool drawings in there?” Dean asked, propping his head up in his hands.
Cas was wearing the t-shirt - and only the t-shirt. His flannel pajamas were abandoned on the floor next to him, his glasses set carefully next to the alarm clock. Just as Dean had hoped, the navy blue shirt made his eyes look even brighter, and the waxy moonlight was only helping. Cas was obviously a little out of his comfort zone, and Dean realized wearing this little was probably a first for Cas. The pink tinge in his cheeks and shaky eye contact told Dean that Cas was a little nervous, but ready for… well, Dean would have to see.
Dean smiled at him. “Mornin sunshine. How’s the hangover?”
Dean glanced into the pan on the stovetop, seeing the beautifully orange cheese that only comes from boxed macaroni. “Looks awesome, Cas,” he said with a grin.
It was Dean’s turn to be stunned. “Uh, a few days…”
“Uh, okay. Then I guess this is goodnight.”
Cas sounded tired. Dean looked at him. “I know you heard me,” Cas said with a soft smile.
“You have kissed a girl, right?”
“How do you mean?”
“Do you know why he’s upset?”
Dean waited in the pickup lane, sticking out like a sore thumb among the minivans with stick figure family stickers and shiny new sports cars. When kids started coming out of the school, he scanned for that familiar face. He worried about Cas. If word got around about why he was getting picked up by some random guy in a sweet-ass car, there was sure to be trouble.
Cas visibly suppressed a smile and opted instead for a nice eye roll. He opened the window the rest of the way. “You know you’re insane, right? It’s like twenty degrees outside!” “I’m wearing a coat.” “Keep your voice down.”
It was quiet for a moment. Dean worried he’d overstepped some kind of boundary. He was going to say something but Cas beat him to it. “Okay.”
“About me being…”
“Don’t hurt yourself,” Cas snorted.
Cas cracked open the door, looking pale. Dean sat up, squinting against the yellow light of the hallway. “Did I wake you up?” Cas whispered, shuffling into Dean’s room.
Table set, Dean joined Cas in the hallway. “Is that your father?” Cas asked softly, looking at the happy family in one of the photos. Dean was quiet, but he nodded. “Is he…” Cas trailed off, turning to look at Dean. Dean smiled softly. “No, he’s not dead. He’s in a little country called Bosnia protecting civilians from war,” he explained. Cas nodded in understanding. “A soldier.” Dean’s smile widened. “A hero. But don’t talk about him in front of Mom. She misses him a lot.”
The last bite of his pancakes tasted sweeter than the rest.
Other than a few snaggy twigs and one really pissed off bird, Dean had no trouble getting up to the branch. He slowly crawled out on it, knowing that one wrong move could send him down nearly twenty feet to the ground. Keeping his weight steady he reached out and knocked on the window.
... it’s been a minute, huh? I’m working full time but this is my last week of summer classes so hopefully that should free me up to write and post more? I guess we’ll just have to wait and see lol
Dean gave him a soft smile. “It’s okay. You wanna play Donkey Kong?”
It was 12:25 when Dean found himself back at the Novak house. But Castiel didn’t come outside until 12:30 exactly. He had a small backpack, and it looked absolutely stuffed. Dean laughed a little to himself. “Step on up,” Dean said. “Step up where?” Castiel asked, looking concerned. “See those little bars sticking out from the sides on the back wheel? That’s where you stand, and you hold onto my shoulders.”
“I love you too.”
Cas glared at him. “Don’t be sorry, just stop being an asshole.”
“No. But you’re still my best friend, Cas. You don’t have to hide anything.”
Asking about Lisa.
Now Dean was blushing. “Did you have to give him the freckles?” he groaned. Cas smiled and pulled the book back towards himself. “Uh, yeah, it’s easily one of your most defining characteristics. So do you like it?”
“What about the shirt? And the khakis?”
“I love you, Dean. Tell Cas I love him too.”
“Woah there, Cas, hey, you okay?”
“The world isn’t good enough to you, Cas,” he whispered. “You deserve better.”
Dean made his way to the front door, slipping on his shoes and grabbing his jacket. “I’m gonna go see him.” “What?” “He’s not okay, mom, he needs me.” Mary pressed her lips together. “I understand. Be good, honey. Are you gonna stay the night?” “Maybe.” She nodded. “Okay. If you’re not home by 10, I’m taking that as a yes. But you better be home by 10 in the morning, or I’m gonna come find ya, and it won’t be fun for you.”
Cas seemed to feel better, and Dean was relieved. He had a difficult time shaking that feeling he’d gotten when he saw Cas’ face across the creek.
“Sorry, I-“
Dean opened the door. Cas was sitting at his desk, his colored pencils out. Dean eased the door shut, leaning back on it. “Cas, look, whatever I did, I’m-”
He felt a soft laugh rumble in Dean’s chest. “You’re funny, Cas. Now get some rest, really. I’ll be one bed over if you need me.”
Dean looked over at Cas, who was having his own sidebar with April. His eyes lingered worryingly on Cas, who looked, well, off. He couldn’t put a finger on any of it. “Oh, uh, that’s awesome.” He looked back to Lisa. “We can go whenever you’re ready.”
“Well then get the sleeping bag out, just to be safe,” Dean teased, pecking his lips.
Cas’ eyes were wide, his glasses crooked. Dean reached out and adjusted his glasses, licking his lips as he did. Those blue eyes flicked down to Dean’s mouth and he pressed his lips together self-consciously.
“Oh, come on, Dean!” Sam groaned, putting the controller down. “I was about to win!”
Cas giggled. “It’ll be like a sleepover all the time!”
Cas and April looked at each other for a moment before agreeing. Cas sat across from Dean with a soft smile. “So, what’s up?” Cas asked. “I’m eating dinner, what else would I be doing here?” Dean echoed smugly. Cas rolled his eyes and laughed. “I cannot stand you.” “Good thing you’re sitting.” “Shut up!”
“Don’t mention it, anytime.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The door gave a sad squeak as Dean pulled it open. “Hello, Mr. Singer, I-” “Dean, you call me Mr. Singer, you may as well call me old man. How’ve you been, son?” Dean couldn’t help but smile a little. “Sorry, Bobby. I’ve been good. You?” Bobby let out a little scoff-chuckle. “Yeah, yeah, fine as ever. How can I help ya?”
“No, that won’t be necessary. We’ll be there to pick you up in about ten minutes.”
Cas was quiet for a while. “What do you wanna be when you grow up? When you get out of Lawrence and you can be whoever you dream of being?” Cas asked, his pencil still.
“Fair enough. I wanna illustrate comic books. Maybe even write my own.”
He stopped laughing when Cas came back up. The look of panic on his face as he coughed and thrashed was unlike anything he’d ever seen. “Cas?!” Dean wrapped Cas’ arm around his shoulders and swam him over to the creekbank, walking up the wall of mud and sitting Cas down in the grass.
Dean snorted and shook his head.
Cas smiled and shook his head. “It’s not so bad. I shadowed there for a few days at the end of last year. A bunch of the students are atheists too. Mass is gonna suck so much though.”
“Will do. See you later.”
“I love you too.”
Once Cas calmed down, Dean spoke softly. “You have the cutest laugh, you know that? Oh shit, wait a second.”
Dean’s vision became brimmed with red. He squeezed his fists at his side. “Your brother? Your brother did this to you?! Where is he? I’m gonna fucking kill him!”
“Well, for starters, we won’t have the day to hang out.”
“Look. I’ll give you time to process your feelings on your own. But in the meantime, I... I just can’t.”
Dean and Cas rode off on the bike, the sun just starting to set on the first day of a beautiful friendship.
“What do you mean, you can’t?”
By halftime, the Lions had a huge lead, the scoreboard blaring a bright 27-0. The teams took to the locker rooms as the cheer and dance teams overtook the field. Dean pulled off his helmet and rifled through his bag, pulling out his homecoming court sash. He wouldn’t be king, as he wasn’t a senior, but he could be a prince. Like that meant anything. He pulled it on over his jersey and headed back outside.
When they left, Dean nudged Cas’ side and led him around the side of the building. There was a wide alley between the diner and the church next door. But there was a fence covering them from the back, and a little nook in the back corner. That corner was a perfect makeout spot that Dean admittedly knew well.
Dean smiled a little. “Hey, Cas.” He looked at the nurse with an eyebrow raised, asking a silent question. “Morphine,” she answered. “For the pain. He’ll be a little goofy for a bit, and then it’ll knock him out.”
The three of them drove back to the Novak house, watching Anna shimmy up the tree and slip into the empty bedroom. Cas looked at Dean with a smile. “Thank you,” he said softly.
Loving Cas was easy once Dean let himself fall. It was like every moment of his life led up to this, and he couldn’t believe his luck. A few days after their first real kiss, Dean took Cas out to lunch. The diner was packed, but they were able to get the same booth as last time. Cas was talking, and Dean wasn’t listening. He was too busy looking. The way Cas lit up when something got him excited just melted Dean right to the core. Dean had a dreamy smile and part of his straw on his lips, his chin in his hand, and his eyes unwaveringly focused on Cas.
Cas gasped and stood there for a moment. It didn’t last long, though, Anna rushing into a hug and Cas holding her tight. Dean watched with a warm smile as Cas peppered kisses all over the top of her head and she giggled. “Happy birthday, Banana,” Cas said. “Oh, wait right there, I got you something.” He walked into his room and opened a drawer, pulling out a little blue teddy bear. Anna gasped. “A beanie baby?” She took it from him carefully and hugged it to her chest. “Thanks Cassie. I love it.” She pulled Cas into another hug.
“Good.”
“Yeah, I know, but that doesn’t change the fact that I’m the guy wearing it. I’m not gonna change up on you just because I have to go to this stupid school. You’re my best friend, Dean. No ugly jacket and awful tie is gonna change that.”
“What’s her name?”
Dean couldn’t help but smile. Anna was the only other member of Cas’ family that Dean had met, and she reminded him a lot of Sammy. “Hey, Anna Banana, is Cas home?”
hey guys sorry for not posting for a while, things have been crazy as my school year wrapped up! decided to post this as my school year and theirs are ending at the same time!
Cas was still coughing, but it was dying down. Guilt swept in, grabbing Dean’s shoulders and digging cold, sharp fingertips into his skin. Dean used one hand to help Cas sit up, and the other to push his wet hair out of his face. Dean didn’t even realize he was talking until Cas’ hand covered his mouth as the coughing stopped.
“Lisa, I’m not trying to be rude, but what the fuck are you talking about?”
Dean didn’t pay mind to the ding of the door opening until the new customers walked by his and Lisa’s booth. Cas and April were on their way to the other end of the restaurant. “Cas? What the hell are you doing here?”
Comic books and heroes helped them pass the time, and before they knew it, 5:00 was approaching. Dean’s mom had invited Cas to come for dinner, and she was adamant that they showed up on time. So they grabbed the bag, hopped on the bike, and rode back to Dean’s house.
“Cas, I don’t understand, I-”
“Anna,” Castiel interjected, “tell Mom I’ll be back in a bit.” Anna skipped back over to the grey two story house, disappearing through the front door. Castiel looked flustered as he looked back at Dean. “Sorry about her, she’s only twelve.” Dean laughed softly. “My baby brother is eleven, so trust me, I get it.”
“No way,” Dean breathed.
Sam walked up to the car and tossed his backpack in, waving goodbye to the blonde girl. He got in and buckled, looking up to find the two older boys staring at him. “What?”
Bobby’s face seemed to light up. “You serious? I was just about to put up a help wanted sign! One of my boys just moved off to start up his own shop and took a couple boys with him, so it’s been just me and Benny. He’s good, but he can’t do it all.”
“This uniform is awful,” Dean said softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas went to the closet to grab the sleeping bag, getting on his tiptoes to get it down from the top shelf. He paused for a moment. “Dean, would it be weird if I slept in one of your t-shirts?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The kiss.”
“Go, Dean. Please.”
Castiel stood there, motionless. “Uh, well, I guess… What do I tell them?” Dean shrugged. “You look smart. I’m sure you’ll think of something. You got a bike?” Castiel shook his head. “Hm. That’s fine. I’ll be back around 12:30.” “Okay then. I’ll see you soon, Dean.”
“I can’t believe you have to go to that dumb school. I bet they all have sticks up their asses.”
“Yeah.”
There was no way of telling how much time had passed before Cas let out a small yawn. Dean lifted his head to look at Castiel, a relaxed smile on his face. “You should get some sleep,” he recommended, giving Cas a soft pat on the back.
“They kicked me out of the house because I’m gay.”
“Are… Are you mad at me?”
When they sat down, Lisa was eyeing him and Dean was eyeing her right back. He ordered fries and a chocolate shake, Lisa getting a salad and water. They made small talk, flirting and laughing.
Dean answered him with a light scoff. “How do you figure?”
Cas shot to his feet and went to the door. Dean followed him, taking a hold of his arm. He wasn’t holding him tightly or anything, just a soft touch. Cas turned to look, his eyes landing on Dean’s hand and then dragging up to meet his eyes, almost painfully slowly. Dean felt his eyebrows scrunch up on his forehead, concern taking over.
“Thank you.”
It was nearly 2:30 when they both settled down for the night, lips swollen and hearts full. Dean was on his back with Cas’ head on his chest and arm draped across his waist. Dean was getting sleepy, but Cas didn’t seem to be. He was lazily drawing shapes over Dean’s now-bare chest with one finger, humming a soft tune.
“No. Lucifer. He’s been in prison since I was a baby. And tomorrow I get to meet him!”
Dean leveled him with a look. “Cas. I know you better than I know myself.”
That night, Dean didn’t tell Cas where he was going. He simply took his keys and left, driving straight down the street. He parked his car far enough away to be inconspicuous and took to the trees again. He couldn’t reach the window he wanted, so he found an acorn and tossed it delicately against the window. When Anna peeked her face through her pink curtains, it took her a second to find Dean. But when their eyes met, she grinned.
Dean really liked Lisa. She wasn’t what he’d expected. The senior cheer captain had a reputation in every movie or show he’d seen of being stuck-up at best. Lisa wasn’t like that. Sure, she kept her guard up and held her own, but she was kind and genuine. Dean could tell that she was actually happy for Cas and April, two complete strangers.
“Sure.”
“Ugly.”
“Always,” Dean answered, watching as Cas sat up next to him. “Wanna grab some breakfast?”
Cas looked up at Dean and gave him a soft smile. “Sure, but first we gotta burn the tie and blazer.”
After he set it up, he helped Cas finish up the popcorn bowl. Once the fourth bag was in, they brought it into the living room together. The four of them squeezed onto the couch, Mary on one end next to Sam, and Cas on the other end next to Dean. Dean pressed play on the remote and Cas gasped. “They made it a movie?” he asked incredulously. Dean laughed a little. “Yeah, yeah they did.”
“Uh, speaking.”
They made their way to the bed, Cas laying down beneath Dean. Every movement was slow and smooth. Dean took a moment to just look, taking it all in. Cas, laying on his bed, cheeks flushed and hair even messier than usual. Dean’s heart melted.
Dean lifted an eyebrow. “Long as you don’t get up to any funny business, sure.”
“Good.”
“You are loved. My mom adores the hell out of you, Sammy looks up to you, and me?” Dean pressed a kiss to his forehead. “I can’t imagine life without you.”
Cas turned his head lazily to look at him. “Dean!”  he called out gleefully.
The second the bike started to move, Castiel tightened his grip on Dean’s shoulders. It was less than a mile to the pool, so they didn’t ride for too long. “Oh my goodness,” Castiel breathed when they parked. “That was so fast!” He let out a laugh, the kind of laugh that someone laughs after their first time on a roller coaster. That nervous, breathy, but excited laugh. Dean couldn’t help but smile at that.
“Well then damn, what else are we gonna talk about?” Dean pestered.
“Well what if I don’t want her to be my girlfriend?”
Dean walked up the driveway, just a little unsteady. He laid in bed, staring at the ceiling and trying to understand the conversation he’d had with Lisa. Who did she think Dean had feelings for? As he drifted off to sleep, visions of a dance played in his head. Only this time, Cas was there, and they were dancing and laughing together. The last thing he remembered thinking about before he was out for good was that one kiss he’d given Cas.
Castiel nodded and allowed Dean to gently lay him down before he got to his feet.
Dean swallowed his suddenly racing heartbeat. He was just helping Cas practice. The only reason he felt so different going in was because Cas was a guy, and Dean didn’t usually kiss guys. In fact, he never had. Maybe this was a bad idea. He snapped back to reality, and saw Cas looking at him curiously. Come on, Dean, it’s just Cas. Dean saw that his hand was still on Cas’ shoulder. He changed the angle of his hand and leaned forward, closing his eyes.
Within minutes, the team was running out onto the field, met by loud cheers and an amp to the music. Dean spotted Sammy and his mom almost immediately, Mary waving around a big #67 sign so crazily that her arms might fall off. He glanced briefly at the visitors' bleachers, hoping to see Cas in the field of blue. He didn’t have any luck, taking position.
Cas was smiling too, a soft, honey-sweet smile. “Dean, do you really mean all that?”
With that, Lisa drove him home. She stopped in front of Dean’s house and smiled that same, altered smile. It almost looked like the smile he got when he mentioned his dad being at war, or the smiles at his grandma’s funeral. It looked like pity. Dean just couldn’t figure out why. She leaned over and kissed his cheek. “I’ll pick you up tomorrow at 5, okay?” Lisa asked. Dean nodded, getting out of the car to grab his bag and gear. He closed the back door of the car. “See you tomorrow, Lise,” he said, waving before going into his house.
Dean chuckled softly. “An atheist angel, huh?” Castiel glared at him. “I’m not an angel, I just have a stupid name.” Dean put his hands up and laughed. “Sorry!” He glanced at his watch. “Oh, shit, I gotta be home in fifteen for dinner.”
“I asked how much you had to drink tonight, dude, you smell like a bar.”
Dean nodded, pleased that she seemed to take it well but still nervous.
Cleanup was tense too. Dean was on leftovers, and Cas was on dishes. Once they were alone in the kitchen, Dean spoke softly. “Cas?”
The boys sat at the foot of Dean’s bed, cross-legged, comics scattered between them.
“Hey, Mom.”
They played for a few hours, and spent the rest of the evening talking. Dean was halfway reading a comic book and Cas was drawing something in a book Dean hadn’t seen before.
Castiel sat down in the chair next to his bag. “Castiel, what are you doing?” “Sitting.” “Why?” “I don’t know.” “Let’s get in the pool!” “Oh, I, uh…” “You can swim, right?” “No.” “Then I’ll teach you.” “Really?” “Yeah! Taught my brother and my friend Benny, I can teach you too.”
Dean cut him off with a soft kiss. He felt Cas freeze up, so he pulled away only far enough to speak. “Who said you can’t have me?” he whispered. When Dean opened his eyes, he saw a tear running down Cas’ face. “I never… pictured myself with a guy. But when I kissed you last summer, it felt… it didn’t feel like practice. It felt real. It felt right. And maybe it is a bad idea, because if it goes south everything would get so messy, so fast.” Dean took Cas’ face in his hands and smiled softly. “But, Cas, I’ve never felt the way I do when I’m with you. It just feels… I dunno, it feels right. Believe me when I tell you this is something I want. Took me a while to realize, but I do want this. I want you.”
“You’re one of her boys,” Sam answered, “of course she got you one.”
“Well, your dad seems like a boatload of fun,” Dean mumbled, stretching his arms out. “He always so charming?”
Cas rolled his eyes and April giggled behind her hand. “He’s my best friend,” Cas said, pointing a playful glare at Dean. “Anyway, just wanted to see how you’re doing. I have no idea how football works, but you seem like you’re doing a great job,” Cas continued, running a hand through his hair. Dean laughed. “Thanks, Cas. I gotta run.” He gave him a firm pat on the shoulder before jogging over to where the rest of the court was lined up.
Cas let out a slow breath, looking nervous. He bit at his lower lip and started to fidget with the controller in his hands. He stared at his lap, the floor, the wall, looking anywhere but at Dean. “Do you think you could ever-”
“What exactly are you helping me with?” Cas’ voice was cold and angry. “Huh? You barge in here in the middle of the night, you make so much noise my dad comes in, and you try to convince me to spill everything about my life and for what? So you can go home to your mom who actually gives a shit about you and your friends who know who you really are? So you can run around making out with homecoming queens and cheer captains? While I’m stuck here in this hellhole where it doesn’t matter what I do, I’ll never be the kid my parents want!”
Castiel wasn’t sure what he wanted Dean to say in response to that, but it wasn’t the silence he received. “I’m sorry. I seem to be talking too much. I suppose it’s just another harsh effect of alcohol consumption.” He offered Dean a timid smile, which was briefly returned.
“So what’s the problem?”
“Tongue?!”
“Uh, no, no I am not,” Dean answered, straightforward. “I couldn’t think about anything other than how pretty you are.”
They got there a few minutes early. “Hello, boys!” Mary called from the kitchen. “Dean, set the table. And don’t let Cas lift a finger!” Dean let out a quiet sigh. “I heard that,” came her voice. So Dean went to set the table. Cas stood there awkwardly at first, but started to look at the pictures that were hung in the hallway outside the dining room.
Dean nudged him awake, Cas making a soft and sleepy sound as he opened his eyes. He took a sharp breath in through his nose, stretching and letting out a yawn. “What time is it?” Cas mumbled. “It’s only 9:02, and you all knocked out,” Dean said with a chuckle. Cas shot up off the couch. “9:00 is my curfew!” he exclaimed, panic in his voice. Dean couldn’t tell if it was the volume or maternal instinct, but Mary woke up. “You need a ride home, hon?” she asked Cas, already on her feet and searching for her keys.
He disappeared under the water and opened his eyes. Through the murky water, he could see Cas’ legs. He swam over, grabbed his ankle, and pulled. He surfaced, laughing so hard he could barely breathe.
Cas made a face of confusion but picked up the pencils, thinking a moment before starting to draw. “I’ll still live right down the street,” Cas said, still focused on the paper in his lap.
Dean didn’t notice that he started crying until Mary said “oh my sweet baby, come here.” Hugging his mother tightly, he cried a good solid cry. And Mary held him through it, running her hand along his back.
Cas’ glasses pressed up against the tip of Dean’s nose, bringing him back into the reality of it all. Dean pulled away quickly, not sure what he should do with his hands.
Dean turned off the street and started to bike down a dirt path surrounded by trees. It wasn’t long before he stopped at an old cottage, obviously abandoned. Castiel got off the bike with a huge grin. “Woah, this place is awesome!” Dean leaned the bike against the wall and led Castiel up onto the porch.
A split in the curtains appeared, bathing Dean’s face in yellow lamplight. Cas stood behind the window, eyes and face red. He opened the window a crack. “Dean?” he whispered, “what the hell are you doing here?”
“Race ya!” Cas’ chair scraped as he shot to his feet. “Son of a bitch!” By the time Dean was on his feet, Cas was halfway out the door. The creek wasn’t far, but you couldn’t see it from the cottage. Dean caught up quickly and passed him. Cas was the eventual winner though, Dean’s legs getting heavy and slow about halfway there.
“Castiel is at St. Josephine Memorial Hospital. His mother and Anna and I are about to go visit him and Naomi was- er, we were wondering if you’d like to come with us.”
Ah, yes. That was the voice. Even though he was on the phone, Dean felt himself adjust his posture and he cleared his throat.
Castiel found his eyes focused on the cup again. “You all are complicated beings with grey morality and seemingly endless motivations. And I suppose all humans see a negative aspect of their own personalities, but you seem to be blind to all else.”
Dean got up and called out into the hallway. “Sammy! Don’t tell Mom yet, okay? You’ll get your money and everything, but just don’t tell her.”
“Hey, you okay?”
“Fair enough. Why’d you bring up Lisa?”
“I… I do, yeah. But you need to sober up, okay? You’ll feel a little better tomorrow, and we can talk then if you remember.”
“Touché.”
Dean turned around with a grin. “Thanks, Cas. Wanna hug? You’ll smell like ass too.”
“Cas…” Dean looked away, his face reddening. Blushing was one of the strangest human behaviors in Cas’ mind. The silence felt like forever. “I’m not gonna do something like that when you’re drunk. I don't… I don’t not want to, but I won’t.”
Dean felt Cas squeeze him tighter. “I know… but I still…” Cas wasn’t sobbing, but his breathing was rapid and inconsistent. Cas’ hands gripped the back of Dean’s shirt tightly. Dean opened his arms up and put his hands on Cas’ shoulders. “Hey, hey, look at me. C’mere, look at me,” Dean whispered.
“I do,” Dean argued, getting off the bed. “You can tell me absolutely anything and I’ll never judge you for it.”
Dean drove home feeling like he was on top of the world, windows down and music blaring. He parked the car in the driveway and went inside, pausing in the front door. In the kitchen, he could see his mom and Cas hovering over the stove.
“Because I said so. Seriously, dude, even if you guys ‘called it’ or whatever, both me and Cas need to be ready to tell her, and in our own time. Don’t be a dick.”
Dean bit his lip. “His brother is coming home tomorrow. From prison.”
Dean moved to the door. “Wait, Dean-” He turned over his shoulder.
“Looks like you’ve got two choices here. You can just go for it, it’ll probably be fine. Or if you’re nervous, you could, you know, practice.”
“Would it be okay if you told me?”
“I’m coming with you. Do you need my address?”
“Yeah, well-”
Cas was covered in bruises and cuts, his nose was broken, and his left arm was in a sling. In the hospital gown and bed, he looked so pale and fragile. Dean didn’t even notice the tears welling up in his eyes until they blurred Cas into a black and blue mess.
Anna pulled away from Dean, looking at him sadly. ‘I’m sorry,’ she mouthed, moving to join her parents.
Dean grinned, nodding. “Yeah, I do. It’s awesome. Like really incredible. I mean, I kind of look like a tool in it, but ya know.”
Dean parked in the parent pickup lane and turned the music down a bit. “So, how’s it feel knowing you’ll never have to go back to that damn school?” Dean asked.
Cas suddenly went stiff, taking a step back. “We should, uh, go get dinner,” he mumbled, refusing to look at Dean. Dean looked at his hands, still suspended in the air, holding a phantom of Cas. “Uh, yeah. Good idea.”
A tap on his shoulder brought him back. Dean hadn’t even realized he’d been staring. “Sorry, what?” he asked, looking over at Lisa. “I asked if you were ready to go,” she asked with a smile. Something had changed in her smile, but he couldn’t figure out what. Maybe she was just tired. “Oh, yeah, right. Uh, have we paid?” “April paid for all of us, because she’s the coolest,” Lisa replied. “You look tired,” she continued.
“Go for what?”
Cas caught his eye and smiled at him. Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen Cas smile so much in the nearly year he’d known him as he had in the past week.
Dean hunched over, his gloved knuckles brushing the turf. He cleared his throat and called to the center receiver. “Set, hike!” Dean caught the ball and ran a few paces back. He turned over his shoulder, sending it flying to the wide receiver. Cavalry made the tackle, but not before Garth had gained them 35 yards. Dean couldn’t help but wince a bit. Garth could catch anything, and ran faster than anyone he’d ever met, but the boy was a damn noodle. Garth popped right back up though, and the teams took their positions.
Castiel scrunched up his face and shook his head. “I hate falling asleep. I much preferred my existence as an angel where sleep was futile.”
“What did I just say?”
Dean shook his head. “Nah,” he mumbled, turning to check the clock on his nightstand. 1:52 AM. “What are you doing up, baby?” Now that the door was closed, he could see a little better, and Cas looked terrified.
“I love you, Dean, no matter what.”
Dean turned over his shoulder to look at Cas. “Yeah?”
Castiel clambered to his feet, finishing his water.
“I can’t,” Cas whispered, scrubbing a plate.
“What?”
The dance was fun, even more so when the punch got spiked. Dean danced and bantered with Lisa, and the weird way she’d been acting the night before seemed to vanish. His head hadn’t cleared up all the way by the time Lisa had him back in front of his house again. He leaned forward to kiss her, but she stopped him with a hand on his chest.
“Dork.” scoffed Sam fondly.
“It doesn’t sound like it. Blood Bag? Sounds like you’re going to eat us or bleed us dry!”
Castiel smiled slightly at the brothers’ bickering and snuggled closer to fall asleep.
“Is he frigging nuts??”
Sam nodded in agreement.
Dean eased the car forward and into the city.
Dean bounced them over a sand dune with a curse. The Impala creaked in protest and Dean cursed again. “I know Baby, I know!” He patted the dashboard.
Castiel tilted his head in that curious way of his, “Is it different with a woman?”
Dean winked at him. “Nah, I have a genius for a little brother. C’mere.” he said standing and heading to the back end of the Impala. He opened the trunk and lifted the bottom, revealing a secret compartment. Most of it consisted of weaponry, but  taking up the driver’s side of the compartment, was a tank.
Crash shrugged and put away his needle.
“Awake at last!” Crash smiled and stared when he noticed the color of the feral’s eyes.
“What the hell is he doing?!” Dean yelped.
Sam most certainly did not want to go back but the chains on his hands kept him from lashing out at Crash. Crash put a gentle hand on Sam’s chest and pushed him until his back was against the wall. “Easy easy….everything is going to be just fine.” Said Crash.
Dean locked the gas down so he could load another gun.
Castiel blinked.
“We make due with very little of it. We mostly drink Mother’s milk.”
Sam glanced behind them again, hazel eyes wide with fear.
Immortan Joe’s prize breeders had been stolen.
Dean sat still and let the quiet of the night wash over them. He picked at a thread on his pants until he found his voice again." ...so will you come with me?”
“It isn’t wasted. Plus, your body will probably heal better with real water in your system.
Crash groaned again and slowly roused himself. The fever left him too cold to sleep. He started to stretch himself out and stood shakily.
“If it’s so important how come you got stuck here babysitting all of us here huh? Why aren’t you out there throwing your life away for this guy?”
Crash squinted his eyes at Dean and gave his head a little tilt.
They drove through the night, Cas practically vibrated in the back seat as they drove.
“No harm will come to your brother….I will watch over the both of you. You will not be harmed while in my care.”
“Just….never had another guy in the mix before.” said Dean.
“We were well supplied before we set out. A ton of water and food. We ran out. That’s why we were trying to find a way into the citadel.”
“No no, you’re staying there. It’s too early to know what will happen. Until we know, nothing is changing.” Crash said firmly.
“From the sounds of it…Imperator Furiosa took things into her own hands.”
Crash made a curious little noise in his throat and stopped his attentions on dean, then slowly approached Sam.
Castiel’s eyes shone brighter and brighter with each passing day. A thin layer of fuzzy brown hair began to cover his scalp. Many of the pups had started to grow theirs out too with lack of older war boys to show them how to shave it.
Crash seemed taken aback. He let out a slow breath and looked back skyward.
“Like hell!” Snarled Dean throwing a flaming Molotov out the window towards the speaker.
Dean reached back to rub Castiel’s fuzzy head. “You done good kid.”
“Why are you stargazing?” he asked and hopped up beside Crash.
Dead nodded. “Yeah, yeah, we will adjust. Don’t blame me if the Sasquatch snores in your ear though.” said Dean.
After hours of travel, smoke rose in the distance with the rising sun. Cas crawled out of the back window and over the roof of the car. “Hey hey hey what the hell are you doing??”  Dean griped.
Sam stared at him but ducked back inside with Dean. “I think he’s going to shove one of those boom sticks down the worm’s throat!”
Green.
Dean blinked. “huh...I like the sound of that too.”
Crash made an uncomfortable seeming movement. “....you two do seem very healthy despite your madness…” he glanced over at Dean with that piercing gaze of his and he tilted his head.
“How about you let me out of these chains huh? We could think of something then. Maybe me and my brother could help you out.”
“Well it sucks here.”
“Sam invented it. It pulls even the slightest bit of moisture out of the air while we drive. We’re all set.” he beamed and Castiel couldn't help but smile in return. It was infectious.
“Is there something troubling you?” asked Castiel quietly.
Crash stiffened. “I…I am unfit. I cannot go to the gates of Valhalla. They are closed to me.”
Crash shrugged and and sighed. “it’s worth a shot.”
Sam chewed his lip in thought. “He can probably fit in your clothes Dean. Put him in those and cover him in a bit more grease and he could be from anywhere. “
“All half-lives are sick. It just depends on when it catches up with you.” Crash coughed a few more times.
“Apparently I am not good at dying. I kept my boys alive and continue to keep others from going to Valhalla. I…believe that war boys are better alive….so I am not welcome among the gods.”
“Don’t damage the black car bad! I want it!” Shouted a war boy.
Castiel watched the brothers curiously. “So I see how we will conserve food, but what happens if we run out of water before we reach another settlement? Will we return to Furiosa?”
they began across a large collapsible bridge over a lake of oil. Castiel frowned at the pieces of vehicle protruding from the lake, previous invasion attempts. The Gastown Boys were very thorough at keeping out anyone who didn’t belong. More patrols ran along the top of the next pair of gates that would finally allow them in. More than one of the guards carried flamethrowers strapped to them.
Three days passed slowly by. Dean and Sam were both frustrated by the chains but Crash was kind to them. He fed them whatever scraps he could manage and a very sparing amount of water. He hissed at them when they tried to gulp it. “You act as though you’re addicted to it.” He spat.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.” Crash said seriously.
They loaded down the impala with water and supplies for the journey and they slipped away into the night with the roar of the impala following them like a large beast.
Dean tilted his head slightly. “Alright, so what, do you plan to rule all of this?”
Crash stood silent as he watched the War boy Nux fight to go on the war party. The boy just needed another day or two of healing despite the Organic’s claim of him already being a corpse. There was so much life left in him. Crash watched as every able bodied war boy and some not so able work themselves into a frenzy and leave for the pursuit vehicles. The organic himself was loaded up, leaving the care of all the remaining boys to Crash. He couldn’t help but feel a pang of jealousy. However, he pushed it aside to start patching up the remaining boys. His two ferals had fallen asleep and there wasn’t much more he could do with them until they were awake.
“...The Immortan still is not back...perhaps….we could take the supplies we need…”
“Shut it Sammy!” I didn’t think we were going to be caught!”
Crash growled. “He is immortal. That is impossible.”
“Just because someone has it worse than you doesn’t lessen the amount of suck you deal with! This system is flawed Crash! Can’t you see something needs to change??”
“…We will have to see if it ever comes to that. One of his sons or another war boy will challenge for the immortan’s position. Life will continue as it always has.”
“you could always come with me and Sam.” Dean suggested.
Dean groaned. “C’mon!”
Crash studied the two ferals in front of him. Compared to most ferals drug in from the desert, they were almost shine to look at. Other than their injuries from their run in with the war boys, they were shockingly healthy. No lumps or bumps, no obvious deformities or missing limbs, they looked strong. He wished the war boys hadn’t been so rough with them, one was nearly dead from being drug behind the vehicles. These two had much more value as blood bags than like this, but the boys claimed the ferals were too dangerous to haul in the cars. The pair had taken out two vehicles and seven war boys.
“No! No, you’ll get cold. This is okay. We’ll get used to it. Won’t we Dean?” said Sam kicking his brother’s foot.
Once they were a long distance from civilization, Dean turned a knob and music blared from the speakers, startling Cas. He stared at the car with wide blue eyes. “Yours still works??”
“Then I imagine Joe will return and life will continue as it always has. Perhaps he will be stricter to discourage disobedience.”
“No no, you aren't touching Baby.” said Dean parking the car.
“….Ever thought of what might happen If Joe doesn’t come back?”
“Now, where were we?”
“Sammy!” Dean whispered.
Crash reached out to touch Dean’s hair. “It’s a pity we’re going to have to cut your brother’s hair…it looks nice. Yours we won’t have to do much with.”
They were both universal donors, which was excellent news. Properly contained, these two could save a lot of war boys. Crash began cleaning their wounds and stitched up what he could. The tall one woke after only a few hours of care. He was quickly chained and muzzled. He snarled and shouted at the smaller feral. Crash learned the smaller one’s name was Dean and the only way to calm the large feral was to chain him close to Dean. Crash tilted his head in curiosity as the large feral continued to rage at him. This would be interesting.
Dean let a few uneven breaths out through his teeth and swallowed. It wasn’t as bad as he expected it to be. It was just like when he and Sam had to stitch each other up.
“....well I’d rather have you, cursed or not.” said Dean.
“Have you ever been anywhere but here?” Dean asked.
“You think you can’t be useful or important unless you die in the name of some old dude? What the hell man? That’s messed up.”
“What happens if your Immortan comes back? Things continue as they have??”
“It’s...too late now...they have returned.” Crash said looking down at the ground. He had been foolish to think he could have another life other than this. He was Half life. He was cursed.  This is how it must be.
They eased their way up to the gates and were let in. One small car with three people was not seen as a large threat. Once through the gates made of gleaming scrap metal and welded vehicle wreckage,
Dean and Sam struggled out of the car but there were too many war boys to fight off. Dean shot one more before the pair were dog piled and silenced with the butt of a gun to their face.
No response.
Crash wrinkled his nose. “no no. “
Dean licked his lips and swallowed. “So what happens if this Furiosa is successful?”
Sam nodded.
The drumming stopped and minutes later an uproarious  cry echoed from hundreds of voices. Crash’s head snapped up. The Immortan was dead.
“….It’s the apocalypse. Everyone is deprived.”
“Anyone who would is probably dead by now. I stopped going with the War Parties long ago.”
“It’s better than many could ask for. The wretched live much worse lives than war boys do.”
Dean cursed and struggled more. Crash locked Dean’s chains down and gently held his face. “Shhh….Easy…”
“Dude….you guys really are deprived out here.”
Cas didn't answer and sat down on the hood. Dean could see enough to safely drive, though even if he couldn't all he would hit would be a dune or perhaps a cactus, but he was still not thrilled to have the warboy on his hood.
Castiel found himself covered nearly head to toe before the brothers found him suitable. Castiel huffed but was thankful for their concern.
“We should keep most of your head covered anyway, just to be sure.” said Dean, frowning.
“We aren’t supposed to get attached to blood bags. I thought it kinder to call you feral than blood bag.”
“Why would I want to leave here…? If..things were to be different, shouldn’t we start here first?”
“Hah, good luck getting anywhere near his hair.”
The Boys allowed him to enjoy it in peace and quietly packed up camp around him. They spent the rest of the day figuring out how to make the most of the worm before it attracted too much unwanted attention. They roared away in the Impala, bags full and ready to take on what lay ahead.
Sam didn’t seem to hear him. Dean cursed quietly and lay down. There was movement from the lump against the wall. He let out a few chest rattling coughs and a soft groan.
“By his hand we were lifted up!” Crash snarled.
“There are places still out there where things aren’t so bad. Hell, there are even places that are still green. If you can make it across the ocean…I hear there are places that are barely even irradiated.”
The Impala rumbled through the expansive desert. Sam glanced fearfully at his older brother; the whoops of the war boys were way too close.  “Come on Dean, Fang it!”
Sam and Dean paled. “Dude, what?”
Sam shrugged. “He said we could stay farther back, I say we trust him.”
He made his rounds and a small war pup reached out to him to be held. He wasn’t supposed to indulge them, it made them weaker according to the organic. But he wasn’t here at the moment so Crash picked up the little pup and held him close. He hummed softly, voice rough from disuse but the Pup didn’t seem to mind. He snuggled close and closed his eyes. His head was freshly shaved and he fit well in Crash’s arms. Soon the Pup was asleep and Crash tucked him back in. Crash settled down on the ground close to his ferals but out of reach from the chains. He closed his eyes and fell into an uneasy sleep himself.
“Don’t you hear how messed up that is.”
“You’re a full life feral, how could you possibly understand the importance of this?”
Dean always felt exposed despite being fully clothed when he did that.  “What? Why do you have to stare at me like I’m a piece of meat??”
“He is.”
Crash tilted his head in confusion. “No my name is Crash…”
“Could think of it as a new beginning. One where you aren't cursed? Some sort of redemption?”
“You would too for that matter. Though I fear your pups would be much smaller than his.”
Dean’s heart dropped. Crash was about to let them go and now he stood stock still listening to the beat of the drums. “H-Hey buddy? You gonna let us out?”
“Damn strait, Cas get back in the frigging car we can handle whatever it is.”
Cas stumbled slightly on the roof but kept his footing. Dean darted between the scavengers and the worm. The scavengers sped off over a dune. Dean made the engine roar and the worm gave chase. Dean sped ahead of it and turned quickly to face it, nearly slinging Cas off the top.
“Let me ask you this feral, would you willingly go against whatever god it is you worship? That you knew with all your being is immortal? Who gives you purpose in life? Who gives you food to eat and mother’s milk to drink? Would you openly spit in his face? Furiosa is a full life. She is favored. She has a chance feral. She can run away to the lands beyond the salts. ”
Dean whistled at the sight of it. “Whatcha think Sammy?”
“That is correct. I will take that burden so my other boys can go on and have the after lives they deserve, instead of a mediocre death just because they wanted to impress the Immortan. “
The only other war boys who had survived as many deadly encounters as Crash were Ace and the Unlucky Nux. Because of his repeated survival, Crash became well acquainted with wounds and how they heal. The only work he could find was under the wing of the organic mechanic and he began helping put broken war boys back together. Truth be told, as cursed as he seemed to be, the boys would rather be helped by Crash than spend one more minute than they absolutely had to with the Organic.
“No, we use your blood to keep war boys up and running. Bleeding you dry would only help maybe a war boy or two. Properly done…blood bags should experience little ill effects.” Crash said carefully.
“Get off the roof you crazy bastard!” Dean laughed.
Dean found Crash sitting up high on a crumbling wall one night gazing skyward. Dean swallowed. “hey buddy, whatcha doing up there?”
Drums echoed down the tunnels from outside. Crash stood taller. His heart beat faster to the rhythm of the drums and his warrior blood coursed through him. He gave a sad little sigh, he was no longer welcome on war parties anymore. He watched the war boys rush past him and the sickly. One war boy, Nux he thought, asked what was going on. It was a question the two ferals echoed.
Dean rubbed his back. “Easy there….”
“Generally if I’m supposed to die for someone yes!”
“we could just add an ‘ iel’ to the end? Like Crashiel? No that sounds stupid.” Dean frowned.
“No one makes it across the salt.”
It took two days for the other to wake up.
Dean pressed something to his lips. Castiel took a drink without thinking and was shocked to taste pure water. He grew very very still. “Dean...Don’t waste this on me…”
Dean made an unhappy noise with a curse word attached to it, but Crash just pulled what he needed out of his numerous pockets. He cleaned the needle as best he could and got to work. Dean hissed in pain but stayed fairly still considering the situation. It took Crash a few minutes to patch everything back together, but he was good at his work and his stitches were neat.
“I see.” said Castiel.
“I’m already fanging it as fast as she’ll go!”
Sam was able to get one more shot off before a lance took out the front tire. The Impala veered off sharply before burying her front end into a sand dune.
“Damn it! Sam make another one!”
Crash slowly approached the sleep shelf that Dean was currently chained down to and sat down beside him.
“Alright, alright. He’s immortal. Whatever. What if he doesn’t make it back?”
Crash was a war boy who had survived far too many battles and explosions for his age. He had once been an Imperator, but quickly fell from grace for his boys going out soft instead of shiny and chrome. War boys considered Crash cursed and believed he was actively denied Valhalla. One of the things they attributed to this were his dark blue eyes, most war boys had brown eyes. War boys with blue eyes seemed to have a hard time dying glorious. Most just burned out quiet, Valhalla’s gates closed to them. Blue eyes were just too soft.
Gastown lay gleaming in the light ahead of them. Castiel squinted at it. “We should proceed with caution. It is unlikely that they took the news of the Immortan’s passing lightly.”
One of the aforementioned sticks exploded on the worm’s thick skin seconds later. “well he can reach it! Let’s seem more appetizing!” Dean said punching the gas.
The cough rattled Castiel’s chest and left him gasping by the time he finished. “I’m okay...it’s always the worst in the morning…” he said.
“Oh yes, A loud black car won’t draw any attention from a well defended fortress! If we die I’m haunting your ass!” Sam crawled half out the window and fired a round from an ancient shotgun. His aim was true and a lancer fell from his perch. Sam reloaded and shot again, cracking another car’s windshield. He had to duck back into the car to avoid a lance thrown in retaliation and just barely avoided the flames of the explosion.
“You can’t survive on that! No wonder you guys are so sick!” Cried Sam.
Dean flashed him a mischievous grin. “Yup, I maintained her well.” He said patting the dashboard.
“That is how it is done here.”
“We can’t live without it? Everyone is addicted?” Said Sam.
Dean perked up. “Really? Let us out of these chains and we’ll help you get the supplies. We'll load up Baby and get the hell out of here.”
Crash blinked. “What?”
“Wait, so because you value lives you are not welcome into Valhalla?”
Three cars full of war boys closed in to fill the place their fallen comrades’ vehicle left.
“I’m sorry to break it to you buddy, but no one is immortal. “
“Dude, I don’t know if you can fix what’s broken here. Not if your royal pain in the ass comes back.”
Castiel was sandwiched between the brothers and was perfectly content. He missed the piles that his boys had formed, way back when. There was comfort in the press of so many bodies. It made everyone feel safer, looked after. The brothers however, did seem a bit uncomfortable.
Dean stared at him. “What proof do you have?”
He forced Sam down to sit on the ground as easily as he could, though it got a bit rough because Sam kept fighting. Once on the ground and chained in place once again, Crash lightly pushed the long hair out of Sam’s eyes and rubbed careful circles with his thumbs on Sam’s temples, cheek, and forehead.
“I dunno! Cas, buddy! What are you doing?” Sam asked poking his head out the window, long hair blowing back from his face and the harsh wind causing him to squint.
Hey guys! uh, I know it's been a really really long time since I've updated anything. Life had been kicking my ass but! I finally graduated and will be starting a new job that will hopefully allow me a bit more time to be creative! If anyone is still reading this, thank you so so much for sticking around! It really means the world to me!
