“Don’t you
“So what? You don’t have to be
“I can carry two,” Thor said. Clint and Natasha looked to him, and Tony knew what was happening.
“Bad people?” Torrun asked her mother.
for Odin’s sake. It was a little more difficult to go around smashing them into the ground. Cap, for his part, didn’t seem to have that many qualms though. Hey, Tony figured, all’s fair in love and war and this was probably war. One of the Kree had mentioned something about ‘taking over’ and ‘extermination of inferior species’ so Tony figured that was probably
. “GET UP PARKER, COME ON!”
“What can I do for you, Captain Rogers?” she asked. Steve walked over to her and set down the plate he carried on her workbench. 3490 Tony set down her project and looked up at him.
you are with that skateboard, and how
“So, what you’re saying is, I’m being punished for being the only one around here besides Natasha who actually follows orders?” he asked dryly. Director Fury glared with his one eye in response.
incarnation, apparently, but particularly not him. And then there was the fact that James was only a few years younger than him. He was closer in age to Steve as a younger brother would be. He was almost the same age as Steve was when he volunteered to go marching off to war, to have his body shot up with experimental drugs and run off to the front lines. Did any of them really have the authority to drag him back? Steve didn’t think so, not really. Not even Steve’s alternate had that kind of authority—James was his son, but he was twenty-two years old, long past the age when he had to take orders unquestioning. James was his subordinate, but Commander Steve Rogers was not in the military; claiming authority on those grounds was shaky at best. If James wanted to go, what right did any of them have to call him back?
James has experience with command. And if you’ll recall he led his own team to victory over you in our little games not long ago. James takes command. Steve stays here, with a buddy,” the Commander said firmly. Steve’s jaw was clenched. Natasha knew that he was furious, but the Commander had him. Steve would be outraged for not being able to help—but he would stay behind so as not to be a hindrance or a danger to the team.
to,” Mom said earnestly. Peter’s eyes flicked from Mom to Dad, confused. Neither of them was happy, he was slowly realizing, and not because they were under the impression he was dying.
kiss, anyway. Under the mistletoe and all that cliched nonsense—everybody hooting and hollering and daring us to really do it. And we’d been tip-toeing around
“Why are you always such an asshole?” Peter asked, no longer able to resist commenting.
Unfortunately, he hadn’t thought of the fact that the various Avengers and friends would notice him crawling about outside. Rhodey stared as he quickly passed, Jessica Jones dropped her glass of wine. Bruce and Jane broke off their conversation. Peter crawled even faster, dizzy with adrenaline. He was a thousand feet in the air. When he glanced down, the people looked like ants, and the cars were even smaller than his
what this is about,” Tony said. She sighed and closed her eyes. “I won’t lie. I don’t like that Peter went to them first, either. I’m not sure I want to know about all the other little things they’re privy to that we aren’t. But protocol 42 is too harsh right now.” She reopened her eyes and traced along Steve’s jaw with a single, delicate finger. “Would
. It was—well, Clint named it the ‘universe bomb’; really it’s a—well, it doesn’t matter, point is, it rips a hole between the universes. It rips one wide open. You can get—you can get a number of people through it that way, but it’s unreliable, unstable, dangerous… And, well, the result—it would be devastating to any Earth, but—to this one—“ Dr. Richards looked nervously at Commander Rogers. He just nodded his head, looking exhausted. “We’re—we’re a bit of a magnet. It all started um, ten? Was it ten? Years ago. We—we didn’t know about the multiverse in the early days, much as you didn’t. But—we were spied upon. Earth designation 616 took a peak in. They were looking for universes that had averted a singular point in their own history, a superhero civil war over the SHRA, the registration act—have you had that? No? I’ll skip the details—the point is, we, we became aware of them then. Their little project was not nearly so benign as they had assumed. They ended up visiting us. Their early technological forays into universe travel were not so kind to the multiverse—we’ve been a magnet of sorts ever since. Too many holes. Our universe is like cheesecloth now. Not even America Chavez visits anymore—it’s too risky until some of the holes clear up. But that’s why—that’s why we weren’t surprised to hear you didn’t have an—an
“Well, it’s black and skimpy, it’s not exactly a far cry from your usual attire,” Peter said dryly. Kate punched him on the shoulder again. “I thought you couldn’t go to any Halloween parties?”
Steve Rogers? And you think I’d ever get him to use anything other than that shield he took through World War II?” Tony asked. James chuckled a bit.
?” Steve asked, his voice harsh. He’d taken a blow to the throat at some point and couldn’t speak very well. 525 Steve glanced down at him.
“Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey. I guess I haven’t seen him for a while, he’s been overseas,” Tony said.
, Steve thought, but instead he said,
That was pretty much all the man said on it, and James certainly wasn’t going to press him for any more information. They had all stumbled, after that, their way back to the SHIELD jets that awaited them and flew back home—well, home for 3490 anyway. James felt like no sooner had they touched down in New York that the MCU Avengers—mostly Tony—had declared that they had been working on a portal to return them to their own multiverse, and Tony had wished the thing finished. Which, as it turned out, was particularly intriguing as, upon inspection, Tony couldn’t say how the thing worked anymore. But they were all quite certain that it
“I don’t know. I swear I don’t know. All I know is that Fury had some form of contact with a
lose. If we lose, the
the device? What if the machine was just…channeling it? What if that’s all it does—open portals to things?” Clint suggested.
, of course I’m grieving, I fucking know what it’s fucking
was Captain,” Cap said.
Kate did as well, but it didn’t manifest in the same ways. Kate aced every science and math class in front of her, trouncing every student standing in her way—but she had no desire to go further with it. Kate instead excelled in English, in philosophy, in any language—she spoke French and Latin and American Sign Language and Russian and frankly Tony didn’t know how or where she’d found the time. She played the cello beautifully, had been a prodigy at the piano (and still would be, if that had managed to hold her interest). She was the perfect ballerina. Whatever you gave her to master she did, whether it was archery, Tae Kwon Do or string theory. Kate was a genius, but she was a genius without direction or ambition. She was aiming towards perfection and yet towards nothing. So Tony gave more credit to Peter ninety percent of the time because Kate was a genius but, because of that, consistently bored. Kate had looked into the depths of the universe and found life wanting. Kate chewed on the end of the plastic green pen she held in her hand.
“Peter and Kate and the others don’t need to hear this, Dad,” James disagreed. “199999—yes, maybe, but—”
“Hey gorgeous,” she said and ugh, James never wanted to hear his baby sister flirt. It was disturbing on many levels. The guy working the bar looked up. He had tattoos on his arms and spiky black hair. He had more piercings than James could count. The
“Hey, you know me, I’m shit at lecturing,” Clint replied, holding up a hand. “I just want to apologize, Katie. I was punishing you when I should have been there for you.”
But not even Tony Stark could break the mood. The Avengers sat in melancholy, listening to the happy music of people laughing upstairs.
“Accounted for,” 3490 Steve said shortly. “Thor, Jane—you’re being reassigned. We could use your expertise, Dr. Foster, and an extra protective unit for the scientific team can’t hurt. We’ll be moving
“I didn’t mean it,” Kate said, pulling away just enough so he could read her lips. “I
“Well that was weird as fuck,” James voiced the dominant opinion in the room.
“This is not a story I have ever told, aside from the brief summary I gave you all. It’s not a story any of us ever wanted to tell anyone, not
“Sorry,” he apologized shortly. “I shouldn’t have—we take care of our own here, all right? We can handle it.”
the nonagenarian,” Steve said. Tony’s lip twitched upwards. Steve grinned in response.
“Told you you weren’t on your way out,” Peter said.
Alt Tony asked. He looked genuinely curious—it was the same look Mom got whenever she stumbled upon a new theory or equation, whenever she was
. Help me. Help yourselves. Help the
He did not see what happened behind him, although he did hear the Red Skull say,
“You?
Chapters 47-54: Wednesday, November 16, 2016
,” Natasha said, exasperated. Clint felt himself redden a bit. He was acting like this was his first mission. She sighed and rolled her eyes. “Well now he’s coming over, nice work Barton. Everybody smile.” Clint couldn’t resist—and why should he, at this point—looking at where his double was coming from.
. No matter how much shit you get yourself into,” Tony said emphatically. “But even that still isn’t you, so…” Tony pulled out the other charm she’d made, a simple little arrow that she clipped on the bracelet next to the arc reactor. “
“But I’m
any friends? Kate didn’t know; the other girl was regarded as cold and emotionless by practically everyone) were all at the Academy. It was probably a bit of a low blow, to throw it in her face, but Jeanne irritated her in a way that none of the other students ever did. Kate started to walk away, but her legs were kicked out from under her, and she fell on the hard concrete floor of the gym directly on her tailbone. She gasped in pain and only had just enough presence of mind to roll away as Jeanne leveled a kick to her face. Kate nearly got snagged on her own duffel bag as she escaped, but the strap fell away from her.
“Ok, cupcakes, you just sit tight for a min—” Peter’s remark was interrupted by
“I know, I know,” Steve said tiredly. “It’s all the reasons I agreed to this in the first place.” Tony leaned up and kissed him on the cheek.
,” female Tony whined.
“You know, contrary to popular belief, even though my brain is essentially a computer, I don’t
“Never!” female Tony said, kicking her legs ineffectually as her arms were pinned to her sides by his.
? Steve didn’t want to think about worse.
fight.
“If you’ll excuse us, we’re all rather exhausted, and we need to clean up. We have other superhero teams taking care of things on the outside right now. We’ll spend the night here and leave tomorrow morning, with the younger kids. We’ll move the rest of you later; it would be a bad tactical decision to move you all at once,” he said.
round of games that had bothered him the most. Steve put on his boxers and dropped the towel just as the last faucet shut off and Tony joined them in the locker area.
“He beats the crap out of you, doesn’t he.”
“Commander,” Steve’s double called out. He held up a shield that Steve recognized as his own. “I caught this after it took the head off a Chitauri. Didn’t realize it wasn’t mine, I just didn’t think.”
. I think if I need sixteen years of training even
“Good,” Commander Rogers replied. His dad looked exhausted, but his expression was still one of grim determination. “I meant what I said. I need you in the field. You start tomorrow—Avengers Team B.”
“What can they do?” Tony demanded more than asked.
“But they worked successfully, peacefully, with the other groups?” Clint asked. Natasha nodded.
“Woah, Tony, take it easy,” Steve said, steadying him as he got up and swayed on his feet. Where Steve’s skin touched his, it felt like a hot brand. Tony pulled away.
“I knew how absurd that was, and how selfish—here we were, about to endanger numerous lives, and I was upset that my relatively new husband and I were certainly getting divorced. So I told him that. I told him how I felt about it, how upset I was over how this was tearing us apart, how I desperately wanted to stop, wanted to agree with him, but that I just couldn’t, physically, psychically couldn’t. And then it was like some sort of dam broke inside both of us and—all the shit we’d been through didn’t matter anymore. Frankly it probably didn’t hurt that I’d been dying just months before. It puts a certain light on things. Anyway, we worked our shit out and realized how important marriage was to the
“Yeah, I guess that’s part of it, sometimes,” she said. “But smoking’s just relaxing. I can’t deal with
Downstairs was still loud. The mixer (or blender or food processor) was still going. Alt Clint still swore at the screen over the sounds of machine gun fire. Yet now there was a new voice—Dad.
Warning: This chapter contains discussion of underage substance abuse.
“Didn’t look like MGH to me at all,” James mused. “But the hell
answered back as she set them down.
“Ah, yes, that’s where I come in, I suppose,” Dr. Richards piped up. “The uh—the
“Does this have to do with the time you called me down here to measure my arm and take my fingerprints?” James asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Well they’re not lying on that one,” Jane said. “I’ve been running the specs on my own. Their Doctor Richards gave me his numbers and they’re
“Oh, gee, I don’t know Pops, maybe you never
“Their eyes lit up?” Tony mimicked. “What, are we in a bad romance novel now?”
of liquid in his IV. Steve was no stranger to disaster. He knew that it always struck swiftly and indiscriminately. Things tended to snowball quickly.
“Have to have a built-in defense system if you’re jumping universes,” 525 Tony said. “Can’t always bring along a briefcase.”
“You’ll miss him,” Natasha stated.
“I won’t lie—yes, it was that in part,” Tony said. She smiled a bit, thinking about their courthouse wedding. It had been hot and stuffy and the judge was the driest personality on earth. Steve was content, but certainly not as blindingly happy as he would be later, at their third wedding, but Tony could do with content that day. She was too ill to notice the difference, really. Content seemed as close to happy as Steve had been since they found out, no matter how hard he tried for her. “Steve of course thought it was
Dad had gotten up from his seat now by this point as well, coming to stand beside Mom. His expression was difficult to read, but he looked…a bit sad. So did Mom.
“There isn’t a better view anywhere in the city,” Tony boasted, but by now Steve knew that he wasn’t
to enough family trips and dinners and you start to
endangered James’ life—” Peter slowly appeared to be melding with his seat. James’ face was ashen. Tony felt a pang of sympathy for the kid, even if he didn’t like him. He knew what it was like to be used in your parents’ arguments like a prop.
“And, there’s one other thing,” the Commander said. He pulled a shiny metal circle out of his pocket—perhaps a brooch or a medal or some kind. He tossed it onto the kitchen table. Natasha heard Steve’s intake of breath. He knew that symbol. So did Natasha. “Found this on one of the agents. Could be nothing. Could just be that one guy. Or it could point us to exactly who is behind this.”
I’m trying to eat my fucking breakfast,” Alt Steve snapped. It was the first time, Peter thought, that he’d heard the Alternate version of his Dad swear. This version of his father seemed generally more polite—though that was probably due to the fact that he was closer to the forties than his dad was. “I’ve never heard such blatant disrespect from children to their parents, or their elders, or
At the time of writing, of course I've seen End Game. I also hated End Game, with a deep and fiery passion. But I should point out in 2014 none of those movies were out. Hell, CA:WS had barely released when I last updated. This is all to say wearing the gauntlet isn't going to kill him, spoiler alert.
,” she said.
and he was still
Gingerly, he shifted so that his good leg was beneath him. Slowly, he started to stand, but balancing on one leg was difficult; in a wobbly moment he balanced on his bad leg. He yelled in agony and fell back to the floor, hitting his tailbone on the concrete.
“You’ve been here a month and I know nothing about you. Do you know how creepy that is? You stand there, every night, and watch me work behind those sunglasses of yours—which, by the way, is weird and disturbing because
Nope. Nothing strange. Just two guys hanging out together. Two guys who are married in another universe.
“I don’t know much help I’ll be,” Azari said as he came up to Bruce, grim-faced, “but I’ve got some basic training in field medicine.”
“Maybe yours isn’t, but have you
“It’s none of your damn business, Alt,” he said.
“What exactly are the odds that she
, Tony,
“That’s not your fault, Tony,” Steve said. “You had to be the bearer of bad news. And that’s rough. But it isn’t your
“Mutant Growth Hormone. Designer drug. It simulates an X gene in the user for a while. So, you’re at a party, everybody’s drunk, and instead of getting high you decide it would be a hell of a lot more fun if you and your buddies could breathe fire or fly or whatever. Of course, there’s no guaranteeing your power would be cool, but—”
She wondered if the past was getting as inundated with strange visitors. She wondered what that would do to the timeline. What if George Washington got eaten by a dinosaur? What if Skrulls attacked the Shang dynasty in China? What if Nazis were given extraterrestrial technology?
“Yeah?” he asked.
“Well, we’ll find out, won’t we?” she said.
“Billy won’t last much longer and none of us will last under heavy fire,” Natasha pointed out.
“Sit,” 3490 Steve commanded. Steve felt the eyes of the Avengers all on him, along with every other pair of eyes in the room. He took a breath and gave a small nod. He took a seat on the couch. The other avengers and their friends followed his lead. Steve took out a device that looked vaguely like a smart phone, one of the clear types Steve had seen in this universe everywhere though only with Tony in his own. He pressed a button. “JARVIS, you with me?”
“Yeah well, you can fly shellhead.”
Tony since then, but he hadn’t exactly looked for opportunities to be with the other man alone, either. But now Tony looked at him, something different in his gaze.
“What?” Tony asked, setting four bottles down on the table. “What is it?”
“We’ll keep him at the Triskelion. I’ll see if I can’t get Hill to befriend him—as much as either of them are capable of befriending anyone. Let him in on some unimportant matters that, to an outsider with little experience, will probably look like important ones—make him feel part of the team and then see if he’ll spill,” Tony said. She looked up at
heavy.” James just shook his head, and even that looked like it took effort. He moved his right hand to his abdomen.
“You have got to be shitting me—”
“They don’t
“Fury’s basically a robot. He’s less sexual than JARVIS. And I’m sure Steve’ll be thrilled at the suggestion.”
“Tony?” Steve asked anxiously. “Tony, do you know what it is?”
“I’ve got a sword, what do you want me to do? Kick it out of the way? Are we preparing for battle or playing kickball?” Torrun demanded. Tony tuned them out, still lost in thoughts of Steve.
“Like a Capsicle,” her mother had joked.
, really and truly
grieving? What do you even
“Can you stick to…glass?”
would manage to get a bullet hole put through his
of it, Kate. I’m tired of
.” He kissed the top of her head.
. It seemed too ridiculous for words sometimes. Then again, her entire life seemed too ridiculous for words a lot of the time. Tony walked out onto the command deck, nodding to a few important agents in acknowledgment as she approached the center. The deck was buzzing with activity, though it was much quieter than the propellers outside. Tony was happy to admit that, even after all these years, she was impressed with her own design on the inside of the Helicarrier as well as the outside. Old technology had since been replaced, the basic structure was still there. It looked rather Stark Trek to Tony—only
three hundred yards away? For fuck’s sake.
“But we can’t just
a boy scout—not even a Swiss Army thing?”
Still, she couldn’t tell the truth. If she told the truth, Steve would be forced to see Kate for the young woman she’d grown into—a wild thrill junkie with little concern for herself or those around her. He would never see her in the same light, would never put her on the same pedestal. Tony knew what it was to fall in your father’s eyes, and she wouldn’t put Kate through that. She couldn’t. Nor could she stand to see Steve’s heartbreak when Tony finally pulled the last bits of wool from his eyes, destroying the angel image of their daughter for him forever. So she held her tongue and hoped that it would all work itself out and not blow up in her face as it was more likely to do.
“Well now that I don’t believe,” Tony said.
“I’m mostly over that,” Tony admitted. “It’s more… Antonella is… it’s easier to think of her more like a sister than another version of
“Nothing’s more urgent than you right now,” he said. He moved to his side of the bed and got on top of the covers. Tony snuggled up to him, laying her head on his chest. Steve felt better with Tony beside him. He could feel her heartbeat slowly coming down from its adrenaline-induced high, matching up with Steve’s own steady beat. He was so glad that she was here beside him, safe and sound and that no one else was much worse for wear. Well, part of New York City was a lot more damaged than it had been even after the fight, but things could be replaced. No one had been hurt. The Alternates’ moronic decisions that day hadn’t done any irreversible harm. Still, they had begun to grate on him. He hadn’t ever been fully comfortable with bringing them home, and now…
came to mind, but James didn’t say it. “—Trying to keep you alive and all. S’my job.”
“Almost done?” Tony asked. Kate’s job was a very difficult one—not only had she had to get past her mother’s pass codes to get them into her lab, but she had to decrypt all of the programming that controlled the suits which would, with Tony’s biometrics, automatically bar him from piloting one. After that she would have to reset bits of the codes to allow Tony to pilot, and also to make up for his lack of Extremis. Tony wasn’t entirely sure she could do it in five
“Thanks, Torrun.”
. And you’re just going to walk right into the worst spot to be.”
“DEAD!” Francis shouted from his place in the trees above, though Peter still couldn’t see him. Moments later though, he heard Francis groan.
them. The divide between legacies and normals was sharp and went back to the foundation of the Academy. It had been two years, and Francis, who was nothing more than your average level five SHIELD agent, still got dirty looks sometimes.
and wait for the lab results,” Tony said. She really hated Tuesdays.
“I mean, I can still talk about my family,” Kate said. “I can still talk about my annoying twin brother, or my crazy mother, I just can’t go into too much detail. And besides, we’ve got the other Avengers’ kids to talk to. There’s Torrun and Francis and Azari and Hank who are close enough to our age.” Kate certainly didn’t look unhappy or deprived to Tony, but Pepper still looked concerned. Kate looked Peter up and down.
… It was a good thing it was a weekend because he wasn’t sure he could cope like this at school. His parents had yelled at him at breakfast. Well, not yelled; he’d received a
“Wait a minute. Wait, so—you weren’t just… I don’t know, humoring me last year?” She asked. Francis’ eyes widened and his brows raised.
doesn’t work?” Bruce asked.
“Well, let me ask you this Cap—if you had died on that roof, who would lead this damn team?” Tony asked.
Chapter 64: July, 2016
“No, he
the plane, Agent Giggles? That’s not how sunglasses work.”
To anyone who has somehow (still) been waiting for this story to complete after all this time: you are the most patient saints in the world. Genuinely, my deepest apologies for the tardiness. Life gets in the way sometimes. But knowing that you all were out there somewhere, even if there's just two or three of you, made me all the more determined to finish.
Kate Rogers – 16, born in 2000 -> Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
“I’ll never make Prom King with my scrawny physique.” Alt Tony just rolled his eyes.
“Probably ditched you as soon as you weren’t looking. Who wants their older brother hanging over them? My advice? Leave her alone,” Lizzie said.
“If it was Hammer’s, it would have malfunctioned and no one would have gotten hurt. That’s why that landmine didn’t go off, wasn’t it? HammerTech? You never miss an opportunity to take a jab at them,” Tony said, returning to his workbench and picking up some special tools Steve couldn’t name. Steve was surprised that Tony was so perceptive.
“Jamie,” Dad said in a pained voice. “I
“I’m not that into sci-fi—”
“Taking out the fucking Chitauri what does it look like?” she snapped. She took in a deep but ragged breath. She could see the other avengers on the ground, all but other Thor and other Tony who flew about taking out the Chitauri.
I found it difficult after I finished university to write fanfic. I felt like I needed to be productive all the time, because I hadn't hit any of my real life career goals. In fact, I was kind of floundering in that area for a long time. Fanfic was fun, and I shouldn't be wasting my time on it. And then when I inevitably wasted my time on other things, I felt bad that I wasn't wasting my time on fanfic, where people were waiting for updates on things. And so, caught in various guilt cycles, I didn't write any fanfic at all for a long time.
“Oh. Well. This is…unexpected.”
“No! None! You would have kept arguing with me and we didn’t have time for that, and I need to
“Did you just kick him off so you can play?” Other Clint asked, amused.
“I never asked to be a mother, Kate. And I have never been very good at it, I know that. But I’m what you’ve got. And believe it or not, I am
going to die here. He was
“We don’t know what they want—the kids—oh God, Carol, the kids, we need to call Jane—“ Tony said.
you know I’m always here to talk, so I must just not be the right person to talk with. Talk to someone, sweetheart. You’ll get through this, whatever this is. And you don’t have to turn to alcohol to do it, ok? And if it’s just because you like to party—Kate, I understand that. You want to have some fun. And a little fun is ok. Just make sure you tell your mother and I where you’re going and when you’ll be back, and make
“He’skindaoldforhim,isn’the?” Tommy asked.
of them. More than their tiny team—minus two for MCU Steve and his keeper, and then halved to spare their strength—could handle. They had been about to be overwhelmed when the Chitauri just disappeared—along with a few cops and soldiers who had been too close in the fighting. They were off to another place and time, Kate assumed.
Steve wondered if he’d spent so long worrying that James would be a bully that he’d forgotten to see him for how he really was.
By Friday that week the pain in Peter’s ribs had dulled, though he still felt stiff in the mornings and grimaced every time he caught sight of the black and blue bruise on his side. If only he’d even just inherited a
“Just don’t tell them how you got the suit,” she said. “Because if you do I’m dead times a septillion and I’m already in hot water.”
“We, uh, weren’t, exactly,” Steve explained. Carol groaned and looked mighty pissed.
“So this other universe,” Peter spoke suddenly, apparently addressing Steve, “do you still have pancakes?” Tony couldn’t tell whether or not he was joking.
“You’re drunk and you’re upset. Come on,” Steve said, standing up. He had Tony’s arm and dragged him up, too.
Honestly he probably would if anyone asked. Honestly honestly, he kind of already was, in relaying what he’d gone through to get the gauntlet and five of the six stones.
,” Steve shouted but she didn’t power down. She’d removed her faceplate and her expression was livid. 199999 were surprised to say the least. Hawkeye had his bow drawn.
“Happy Halloween, Peter.”
“I don’t want to be a dick about it,” she said. “But this isn’t helping you. At all. This is making everything worse for you. And you know, at the moment, it’s kind of shitty for me, too. So just—just keep your distance, yeah? I don’t mean move out of the mansion or anything. Just—go out a bit more. Visit some museums. Drag Pepper—either Pepper—with you. She likes art. Uh, don’t fall for her either, though, that’s probably a bad idea. Watch old sci-fi with Bruce, he’ll like that. Go play basketball with your Tony. Take Natasha to the ballet. Bond with your team. It’ll be good for you.”
“Avengers!” Tony said. “We’re Avengers.” The young man regarded him coldly and removed the safety on the gun. None of the Avengers moved, hoping to soothe the situation before it escalated further.
“Who’s Reed?” male Tony asked.
There were plenty of things Steve should have been thinking at that moment. He should have been wondering who could have done this, should have been wondering what Tony was going to say, should have been doing his best to help the other Avengers send warning to civilians in the other buildings and evacuate them in an orderly fashion, should have been holding his numb and horrified children, but there was, in fact, only one thing that Steven Grant Rogers was thinking that awful Christmas Eve.
“Well, you know, it wouldn’t be a bad explanation,” Steve said, grinning. “And then you could get
“Why the hell not?”
“I’ve run on less sleep than this before Katie,” her dad said, giving her the smallest of smiles to reassure her, to put her worries aside. As if that could. Kate felt anger building inside of her, bubbling up unbidden. “I’ll be fine
, things that he doubted he got throughout the year from his mother or from the military school she insisted on sending him to. They would teach discipline. They would
“Well like—you know how we don’t talk about Grandpa Howard on pain of death. But I think it’s probably got something to do with that. I think Mom not telling Dad about what you were doing, I think it’s got something to do with stuff that happened a really long time ago,” Peter said. “So, look, it’s not your fault, Kate. I mean, maybe a teensy tiny bit, but not really. Mom made her choice not to tell Dad. And Dad made his choice to be really, really angry about it.”
Real.
“There’s only fourteen spiders. One’s missing,” MJ said.
,” Fury snapped. “But hell did I see something there they didn’t want me to. Happened to be a very red, very skull-like thing that they didn’t want me to know about.” Steve felt like Fury had doused him in ice water.
, y’know, as just a
“O-o-okay,” Peter said skeptically as his sister dragged him away.
“Our second and third weddings, respectively,” Tony said, an amused smile tugging up her lips. “We didn’t
“Is she—is she going to be ok?” Steve asked.
,” she said. “Teddy’s not
!” Steve said, a blush coloring his face. “What are you doing in here? Is everything ok?” Tony took a breath and shook his head.
did. And wasn’t that just ridiculous? They had never really gotten along in the first place—why was it surprising?
“It’s
“Tony Stark is a ‘whatever time of day’ person she needs to be,” 3490 Tony said. “And today, I need to be the kind of person who gets up early and goes into work promptly. The Director of SHIELD really can’t take many days off.” 3490 Tony sipped at her coffee. A clear tablet lay flat on the table, and occasionally she scrolled through it with her finger, but Tony wondered if that was just habit—he’d seen her make computers scroll with nothing but a thought before.
“Will you take them to the Triskelion, or…?” Bruce asked.
The whole church was silent, the kind of tense, oppressive, anticipatory silent that always twisted Peter’s gut in knots. His dad cleared his throat, dislodging it some but not doing a full job of it.
.” The tips of Peter’s ears burned. Kate, who had been engrossed in reading some sort of packet of documents for school, reached over and smacked James upside the head with it.
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the delays on the chapters and for missing last Friday's update. I'm working on getting everything sorted out so that shouldn't happen again. Thanks for your patience!
to teach honesty and integrity, though how far they succeeded was questionable. But they would not teach him love.
“Hnngh?” James answered unintelligibly. Nothing made sense. Why was Kate at the military base? Why was she waking him up in the middle of the night? Then panic seized him—what had happened? He bolted upright, but then realized he was wrong on one assumption; he wasn’t
No time to worry about it anymore—it was in the other Captain and Iron Man’s hands now. She looked out before them, at the field of Hydra agents fighting their own numerous forces, and grit her teeth.
I’m right—”
, she thought, almost scornfully, but whether she was scornful of Francis or herself, she couldn’t tell anymore. Maybe it was both. She moved to get up, to get away, but he gently took hold of her upper arm.
“We almost all died,” Kate said.
Dad didn’t
eating, and his vegetarian curry smelled delicious. Thor was dressed down in casual clothes which, even after all this time, discomfited Steve slightly. He could never get the image of Thor in his armor and red cape reconciled with this regular (if buff) guy in jeans with his hair pulled back in a ponytail. While the avengers had reverted to their street clothes, Fury, Hill, and Coulson were still very, very formal, to no one’s surprise. What
going to be a trick. Tony bit the inside of her lip. She didn’t know what she wanted to do about that just yet. Now really wasn’t a good time, what with everything happening with Peter, the Alts constantly around, Kate acting out and getting bad grades, James about to ship off overseas…No, now was the worst time, but she had no idea when a better time was going to come along, and she couldn’t exactly just hand him a baby one day.
“Oh, no, I’m fine,” Peter reassured her. “I already—I did that yesterday. Testing and whatever. With Bruce. And uh, other Tony and other Bruce. Other Tony, he uh, he kind of caught me on the ceiling, so.”
He wondered as he lay there if this was how his mother had died. If she had somehow survived the initial blast, if she had lain trapped beneath rubble, slowly crushed to death, or deprived of air. Peter wondered if she had waited for rescue, a rescue that never came.
“Is this—?”
“This is
“Don’t—!” Steve yelled leaping for the stone, but he was half a second too late. The space around the three of them exploded in bright blue.
that I made thinking I was
,” was all he said. Peter moved both his hands to the spot and put pressure down as James just groaned. “You call anybody?”
supposed to be, since last time I checked Tony didn’t mystically change genders. Start gabbing, shortstuff.”
“Well, in high school—”
“No!” she said. “No,
“Even so,” Steve said slowly, “we should get working on a machine that could transport us home. But we can’t do it in either of the labs—there’s no telling what 3490’s reaction would be if they discovered us making a portal home. Jane, Bruce, Tony—take what equipment from the labs that you can. We’ll need to find a location to work on it that won’t seem suspicious, somewhere you can disappear to for a couple of hours every now and again.”
“Kate!”
Henry Pym Jr – 14, born in 2002 -> Dr. Henry Pym/Janet Van Dyne Pym
“If he loses, you’re going to be wearing that face for months, aren’t you?”
“But you
“Не лезь в это!”
“Best out of three?” Alt Tony suggested from the back. Peter’s parents looked at each other, then nodded.
“Peter,” Dad gently admonished, gesturing with his hand to let him handle the situation. “James is right to be mad at me. You’re right. There’s no one holding a gun to my head. I’m leaving of my own accord. But I don’t
, it’s not a half bad idea, really,” Steve said, still practically giggling. Tony just grinned back, shaking his head, but he felt his chest clench painfully. It was all a great joke. A great
James had nothing on him but the clothes on his back and his gift from Tony strapped to his arm. He didn’t want to take supplies away from the compound. Besides, it wasn’t like
“Problem is, we don’t have a way to track him,” 3490 Clint said. “We think our best bet will be to find your Fury and figure out where
“Might as well grab a few pounds of bacon while you’re out, Peter,” 3490 Steve spoke. His voice was a bit deeper than that of the Steve Rogers of his own universe, but the biggest difference was the confidence. The older Steve sounded confident and even more commanding.
to him. Input was great, input was useful—arguments rarely were. Tony, of course, did not take kindly to his frown.
“Director Stark?” Agent Matthews spoke from his station, his voice concerned but not laced with fear.
It wasn’t the gathering that made Kate hopeful or nervous, though—it was the gauntlet Thor held. She’d heard stories about it. It had been used once before in their universe, she knew. Her parents had spoken of it before, but never of what it was used for, or who had wielded it. It was such a quiet thing she sometimes wondered if anyone even remembered, or if the gauntlet had somehow wiped the experience largely from their minds.
Tony’s throat flexes, his arousal spiking.
“The next time you try to do that, I won’t let you,” Natasha tells him.
“You stole that from me,” Tony says, slowly, his face slowly turning into a glower.
Tony remains silent.
The phone switches off, and Tony’s next breath rattles somewhere in his chest.
He shows Steve the burn on his hand, where he’d struck the pipe.
“I… I thought it was some misunderstanding at first, that’s the fucking sad thing,” Steve says, woodenly. “I genuinely thought something was wrong. I thought…” his face turns ubiquitously miserable. “I thought he was tricking you somehow, that he was blackmailing you, that he had something on you, that he was
“Take off your clothes,” Steve repeats.
Tony laughs, which is quickly caught by Steve’s mouth, when it comes down on his with bruising force, as if chasing the taste of his own come.
Tony blinks, trying to regain his senses, and he takes inventory of his body.
Six months after they have sex, Steve and Tony go for a walk out to the lake, which Tony complains about because he only exercises if he absolutely has to, and in recent times, it’s involved running from aliens. He’s staring out onto the clear blue lake, the sun dappling like diamonds across the surface, and then, the air shifts beside him.
“Fuck you,” Tony says, venom creeping into his voice. “Did you think I was pathetic, inadequate, a fucking waste of space this morning when you were the literal standard for human perfection, when I’m old and brown and hairy and pudgy around the belly and broken on the inside and the outside, physically and metaphysically?”
, even if they’d never met before, and clearly, I was the
Tony nods.
. You don’t want me anymore. You being possessive now is just because you want to own me, you want to lay claim to your fucking property. You’re like the kids with one of their toys; you might not want me, but like hell you’re going to let someone else have me, right?”
“Kids!” he calls out.
“We’re in a rut; we’ll get through this,” he says, and if he says it enough, maybe he’ll begin to believe it.
Phillips stares out of the window, stoic, dictating to a corporal.
“What? Not your thing?” James asks, half teasing and half concerned.
“It’s important to know,” Tony interjects, “that I agreed, when he came to me,” he tells Steve, without flinching (he’s not going to apologise, to deny the choices that he made where James is concerned). “He came to me, and I agreed to help him, because I felt like he had to be helped.”
“That doesn’t mean they should get away with it.”
“Me too?”
If they’re going to talk about this, they might as well talk about everything.
“I know what you’re going to say. You’re going to say that I don’t need to prove anything, that there’s nothing wrong with me the way that I am now, that we’re good, we’re in love, we’re still in lust with each other, and everything’s going to be fine. I get it. I understand. I love you, but right now, please take your clothes off.”
“Fair enough,” Natasha says, quietly. “You’re right, though. I was trying to make it seem like we were… like Steve and I were-”
Steve nods, gesturing to the bed opposite him.
“A few hours later, they found Prasena's body. Krishna noticed lion tracks around the body and assumed that a lion must have killed Prasena. On following the lion tracks, they came across the body of the dead lion. Krishna noticed that the lion had the marks of a bear's claws and noticed that there were bear tracks around the body. On following the bear tracks, Krishna reached Jambavan's cave. Krishna, sensing the danger, ordered the rest of the party to stay outside while he entered the cave alone. Krishna found Jambavan's son playing with the Syamantaka gem. Frightened by the stranger, Jambavan's son let out a wail that alerted Jambavan. Now, Jambavan thought someone was attacking his child and so, he attacked Krishna. Krishna fought Jambavan for twenty-eight days, after which Jambavan recognized Krishna's divinity and surrendered to him. Along with the gem, Jambavan offered Krishna his daughter Jambavati's hand in marriage. This, Krishna accepted.”
Steve carries Tony away, holding him close to his heart, because this is the last time that Steve will ever carry Tony, and he wants to linger in this moment.
you, and you have the nerve to stand here and accuse me of sleeping with someone
“Yes, and it’s because you are
“You… you look like you’re about to jump out of your skin. Why don’t you sit down?” James asks, slowly, stretching out a hand to place on the small of Tony’s back and lead him to the couch.
Tony almost climbs out of the jeep to throttle him, if not for the calming hand on his forearm from Abraham.
Tony nods, shamefully. “I know, I know it was bad. I know… you know, I’ve given Steve a lot of shit for lying to me all these months, and I know became just as bad as he did when I lied to him about James, but-” he rubs at his temples, “I met James at the park, and I didn’t destroy the bugs. I made it so that the reversed the connection, so that James would be able to hear what they were saying on the other end. I came home, and Steve knew, he knew that I’d lied, because he called Pepper, and she told him that she hadn’t spoken to me, that there were no issues with any of the orders going through. He accused me of having an affair; we got into another fight, and when I woke up the next morning, he wasn’t in the house. I came over to your place, because I was intending to pick up the kids, but Wanda and I got into talking about this, a short-form version of this, and I came to the realisation that I needed to speak to Steve about our marriage, to clear up the air.”
“I don’t know. We have—or, fuck,
“DEAD!” Peter heard Azari call from off in the distance, and sure enough, seconds later he heard him confirm that Tony was dead over the comm. Peter finally caught sight of Clint. From behind. The man was sneaking through the trees quietly, using them as cover whenever he could. It was clear he was headed towards their flag. Peter circled around, getting in front of him, and then, when the spy least expected it, Peter leapt forward, charging him, hoping to drive him backwards.
? Is something wrong?” Steve asked, sure to be more specific this time.
They entered the kitchen, which seemed to be a combination of a professional and amateur kitchen, with large, shiny silver appliances and counters in one half, and a granite countertop with a normal black fridge and oven at the other. Tony was surprised to see one small addition in the corner—a simple wooden table with wooden chairs that looked like it belonged in a farmhouse in middle America. Tony had never eaten in the kitchen before, aside from snacks stolen in the night. When he had lived in the mansion, his parents always insisted on eating in the dining room, at the massive dining room table that always made Tony feel small. Splayed out on the kitchen table were a variety of textbooks and notebooks, and looking down intently at them was a teenage boy. He had light brown hair that stuck up in every direction. He was still in sweats and a t-shirt, which seemed to drown his lanky form. He didn’t so much sit on the chair as squat on top of it, his bare toes curled over the edge of the seat. It was obvious he had an utter disregard for furniture. Tony felt a nagging sensation at the back of his mind. It seemed very familiar, but he couldn’t recall this boy in his own universe. 3490 Tony seemed just as surprised to see him.
“What—
“We’ll meet you there. If we’re not there in three days, move to the next one. Keep going until we catch up to you. Now
“Take the picture,” Flash ordered this time.
“How finite life is. How fleeting. How we should focus on every minute instead of getting bogged down in petty arguments. Whenever somebody dies we remember, for a week or a month or a year, and we say to ourselves, ‘wow, I need to appreciate the people in my life more’, and then we forget. Time marches on without them and suddenly we’re back to our old selves and it’s like we never had that bit of enlightened realization at all. Back to petty fights and things unsaid and regrets,” Steve replied, opening his eyes and staring up at the blank white ceiling.
“Status report B team?” spoke another voice over the comms suddenly, the deeper, more authoritative Steve voice that Tony knew to recognize as his 3490 counterpart.
,” she complained.
do that again until we’ve
“Mmph,” Peter grumbled.
Dr. Foster was incredibly helpful on that front. She had dozens of ideas, but they lacked certain details. Still, Tony figured they were lucky she’d landed in this universe with them in the first place—she had a much better breadth and depth of knowledge on the subject of space travel than Tony did. Still, they didn’t have
“You thought I was just playing with you,” Francis said, and he sounded relieved. “I’d never play with you like that, Kate. I love you.”
“I—yeah,” Tony said. “That’s pretty much it.” Steve frowned. He looked worried.
She hadn’t really thought she’d had a great grip on who she was before all this, but now she was really grasping at straws on that end.
“Not petty then. But we should have—
“All right, Rogers,” Jeanne spoke, stopping a few feet from where Francis and Kate sat. “You called us all here. Talk.” Kate met her gaze and said nothing. She stood, and then she jumped from the stairs onto the wide concrete railing, standing on the end and gazing out at all her peers so everyone could see her face.
“Torrun. Hey. I didn’t mean to upset you,” James said uncertainly. She shook her head.
“You forget the way to the garage?” he asked.
,” female Tony complained, drawing her name out in a whine. “I’m not
, like himself, not his mother, though her influence was obvious enough. There was a mix of features there, however, which Tony could not identify. Peter had a bowl of chocolate cereal in front of him and a spoonful that was halfway to his mouth, threatening to drip on his textbook.
,” Kate said, angry and hurt. “And you gave Nicole to
“Well. Actually…” those two words were the only things Antonella said, but it was enough. 3490 Steve’s expression changed from one of confusion to
. Kate peaked over the top of the car again to see the silver alien ball going up in flames. Iron Man flew around it. Kate ran out from behind the car—Francis jumped over it, sliding across the top.
? What kind of name is
“And if she doesn’t?” MCU Steve asked. James shook his head. He didn’t want to think about it, couldn’t afford to think about it. Moments later, they were swarmed again. Steve and James fought them off successfully until the Hulk came along and batted the evil agents away like he was knocking down toy soldiers.
, he chanted. “Funny thing, though, they don’t stay cute for long, do they? He grew up strong. He grew up arrogant. He grew up—well, a bit of a bully.”
“Change your mind, soldier?” she asked.
you like me,” she said. Her voice was almost too low to hear now. “And I know you
they ready? It felt surreal, at this point, to actually be leaving. Had it only been five months? It felt like seven years. Part of him almost wanted to say
“Hmm. Well, it wasn’t black and white, I can tell you that,” he had teased.
“They did terrible things to him,” Sam murmurs.
“You heard me,” Tony flings back. “It’s actually fucking ironic, you accusing me of having an affair behind your back, when that’s
“Maybe they’re waiting to see what I’m doing here,” James offers.
am, but how are you here? What are you doing here?”
Peter tugs on his shirt. “Please, Appa, can we go?” he asks, his eyes big and round as the moon.
The alpha blushes and looks down at his feet.
. Because you jumped into a situation that had nothing to do with you all because you thought I was in trouble. That made you… even more attractive to me.”
Steve startles and straightens, peering up at him with eyes that are as clear as the day’s sky.
“Forget it!” Steve insists. “We need to go. Now! Go!”
“Yeah, they are,” Tony says, defiantly.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Your husband and your children are distractions?”
“I don’t know; I’ve had a pretty shit day, and you’re sitting here, giving me more shit over something that’s in your fucking job description,” Tony hisses.
“Oh, please, if that little show just then was about an actual fucking apology, I will sign over all of my bank accounts to Bill Gates,” Tony tells him, coldly.
“Absolutely,” Steve replies without flinching. “Try it on.”
“I know,” Steve moans, fisting his hands in his hair.
For a moment, the earth stills, and Toni feels her heart climb into her throat, as she waits for the moment to shatter.
The assailant snatches up the last tube and races for the door, and Tony and Steve rush over to Abraham. Tony kneels by Abraham, putting pressure on the wound on his stomach. Abraham’s hand covers Tony’s hand, and he shakes his head.
Tony gasps at the intrusion, twisting in the sheets, his hands tugging at nothing, and his mouth drops open when Steve’s mouth angles over the head of his cock, swiping his tongue over the head.
The two fall backwards in a terrible, gasping struggle, crashing onto Tony’s bed. Tony’s grip breaks, the killer stabs, but Tony twists away, backed into a corner, with the bed and the walls blocking his escape. Defenceless, he snatches a pillow up; the killer lashes out, disembowelling the pillow, which sends a great gush of feathers flying.
“Sir, sir!” the crossing guard shouts after him. “Sir, you can’t just leave your car here!”
“ORDERS?” Kate yelled across to her brother. She, along with a girl named Jeanne, was in charge of the Avengers Academy students, just as Natasha was in charge of her AVengers. They were under James’ command, but they were meant to work as a team.
“Because I know you,” Uncle Bucky said calmly. “And he is you. If he brought this down on us it was by accident.”
you’ve got moles,” Fury groused. Steve felt a pang go straight through his heart at the callous mention of Tony and her life’s work, all come crashing down in a single moment.
“Peter? On MGH?” Antonella asked, scandalized. “No, I don’t think so. Could it be—a belated second round of puberty? Maybe your genes finally kicking in…?”
“Everything,” Kate confirmed. Alt Steve went quiet, still staring at the CNN report. They could hear, faintly, feed from the comms coming in from a smartpad as well, but they had turned down the volume so as only to hear the real emergencies and not be distracted by every single thing in the battle. Occasionally they caught worrying snippets, shouts of “ON YOUR LEFT” and “FORMATION 1020!” and “GET DOWN”. Kate was anxious about it too, but she shoved it aside in favor of interrogating this alternate Steve Rogers.
“Oh,” she said. She reached out and touched the back of his hand, and he immediately turned it over and laced his fingers with hers.
, after all, smelling like old sweat and even less pleasant things—but he couldn’t be too picky. Steve had found an old place he used to work out at that had a back room that was out of use. They could have it for their own purposes if they paid a sum. Steve insisted he knew the guy who worked there—though the guy didn’t seem to know him, beyond knowing Captain America, or Commander America (did Steve’s double call himself Commander America? It sounded too ridiculous; he must not) or whatever—and that the room had been free for his use back in their own universe. He didn’t like to work out in the more public facilities anymore; there were too many people gawking at his all-too recognizable mug. Steve, Tony knew, wore a lot of hats. Tony could sympathize.
“’Supposed to’ being the operative phrase. They’re stuck here and there’s nothing Mom can do about it. Tears in the universe, potential collapse of the multiverse, blah blah. Same old story,” she said. Tony, and likely the rest of the team, didn’t appreciate being spoken about as if he wasn’t there, but the two 3490 kids didn’t seem to notice or care.
“Oh, so you pissed her off, freaked her out, and then decided to look like you were about to kill her husband? Fantastic—no wonder—look, you and your merry little band of alternates need to
“What?” Clint asked. His knee jerk reaction was to look around for his double, which he did until Natasha kicked his ankle, bringing him back to his senses.
“Well yeah, Steve, you encounter spoilers when you neglect to watch an iconic movie series that premiered
“Sure, Senator Stark,” Steve said, not in the mood to fight or snark back.
“Well that’s fine then,” she said. “It’s not like we wrote anything actually relevant down. Did Hill let her clear the building?”
yelled at you? No, don’t be stupid, I’m giving you a Christmas present early,” Tony said, matter-of-fact. She got up from the table and went to her personal desk in the corner. She pulled out a little blue object from the drawer. “I wouldn’t, except that I want to make sure it fits and is in good working order first.”
A flash of movement caught his eye—it was the redhead again, moving, ever so swiftly, towards the front of the crowd. He saw a flash of something else, too, and Steve Rogers didn’t hesitate. He rushed forward, bowling people in the crowd over and tackled the redhead—the redhead
it, in your heart. I can see that you do. Stop it. Stop this madness. Listen to your
. Tony was not, nor had she ever been, shy about anything. He hadn’t figured out what she was up to, though, until everyone had left the house.
, Steve thought, but before he could say anything, Stark was talking again.
actually actively defies the laws of physics—you should be just be happy that it
Tony could not shake off thoughts of her daughter after dinner. It had become impossible. She didn’t even attempt to work on the universe transporter—she was too afraid she’d do something wrong in her distraction. She worked on a busted repulsor on Mark CIX instead. She didn’t have to think much to finish that project. When she had finished that, she moved onto another nearly mindless task, and another, until Steve came down to fetch her. But Tony didn’t want to go. She smiled and kissed him and explained that she wanted him to sleep but didn’t think she possibly could, and he left without argument. Tony continued her work.
. And to
sense of
“And the drama never stops…”
Steve threw a pencil at his head.
“I kind of like Peter the Loser,” Kate said. “He’s always been a really good person. And a good brother.”
“Not by any means necessary, if that’s what you’re asking, Banner. I haven’t gone power mad just yet.”
to solving a puzzle but not quite there, or whenever anybody let her touch alien tech.
. His dad might be able to take on twenty guys with guns at once, but James personally didn’t like those odds for himself.
what would happen—“
Cold ice froze her veins as she slowly looked up. The entrance had collapsed—and now the nearest ceiling to it was also crumbling. The wooden structure had caught fire, and was falling in places in hunks of burning debris.
. Please state your designation.”
“Do you know what it is, Director?” Agent Matthews inquired. Tony just sighed. She took another sip of coffee. She could see herself reflected in the glass of Matthews’ monitor. Her long, wavy hair was down, as it rarely was. Her last hair tie had fallen off and she had been too lazy to get a replacement. Or maybe she had been too busy. She couldn’t remember, but it didn’t really matter. The point was, she even
high school classes here, we’re like the snooty rich kids whose parents’ connections and money got them into an Ivy League school. We’re
“Steve has a point,” Pepper said. She still clutched her coffee cup like it was the only thing keeping her sane. It might have been. Pepper never signed up for this insanity. “If they didn’t trust us, they wouldn’t put us with their kids.”
“But you kept them,” Tony pointed out. “Was anything else ever contemplated or did you want to keep them from the moment you found out?”
“Kate,” Francis breathed out, stepping closer. If it were anyone else, she would have deemed them
!” Tony had objected. “How can you not trust
doesn’t even have powers and
“It’s what I
.” Antonella turned to her husband and whispered,
“You’ve got some extra strength, I guess,” he agreed. “That’s always helped you draw the bow. But you don’t need super human strength to draw a bow. And none of that helps you to shoot. Aim, Kate. Without the aim, strength is nothing. And the aim is all right
. Steve removed his hand from Tony’s shoulder to put forth both of his hands palms up.
“Tell him,” Steve said. “I would want to know.”
No, it wasn’t the grief, on second thought. James had grieved plenty those first weeks. No, it was the fact of Life Without Tony. The every day of it. It was the fact that she wouldn’t be downstairs in the morning, clutching a cup of coffee like it was the only thing keeping her heart beating. She wouldn’t be bossing around Dad while he made pancakes. She wouldn’t be teasing Kate and Peter at the table, wouldn’t be asking him about how his life was going and did he have a new girlfriend?
, either here or back home. The science is too valuable to leave behind.” Everyone knew how fascinated Jane was with the scientific advances in this world. She and Tony had both not stopped geeking out over the bits and pieces that 3490 allowed them to access.
them.” Instantly over a dozen eyes were staring at the pair of them, James, red faced and furious, and Steve, utterly taken aback by the response. The little kids looked up at them, turning away from
where family ended up—in a broken pile of people, all hurt and angry at one another, tearing each other apart in the worst ways possible.
Kate was, or that it was a dominant part of her personality. Kate was selfish in the best of ways—Kate looked out for herself. Kate had an instinct for self-preservation. Kate was not shrinking or self-sacrificing. Kate owned herself and never let anyone take parts of her that she had not given them permission to remove. But Peter was wholly unselfish. Peter was sweet and soft and vulnerable. He had Steve’s heart, and that frightened Tony. Because she knew, that when push came to shove, Peter would never think first of himself.
“I’m not about to get distracted by your ramblings,” Steve said, half amused even through his concern.
, I swear. Is that something that guys do with non-spouses? I don’t really know, but you should really take advantage of it anyway. And then maybe go for lunch? I recommend the SkyLight restaurant at the top of Four Freedoms Plaza. It’s really very beautiful and the food is amazing. Five Michelin Stars and everything. Great view.”
“You know kid it really wouldn’t hurt to get that checked out at a hospital. Unless I’ve been informed incorrectly, you
“I’m all right. Just fell. Skateboarding,” Peter said.
The threat, when they’d arrived where it had manifested this time in Bryant Park, was oddly, almost comfortingly, familiar. Through the multiverse breach members of Hydra had come flooding. After having been surrounded by so much that was unfamiliar for so long, even just having familiar enemies was a bit of a relief. Even if the fact that they wielded the weapons that Steve recalled from the war was a little disconcerting. Though there were no people anywhere due to all the evacuation orders through the city, the Hydra agents ran roughshod over the annual winter village wheree the little glass market stalls had long since been abandoned. The breach had opened right in the center of the ice rink; if it weren’t such a serious situation, it would have been comical to watch the Hydra agents slipping on the ice and falling on their asses.
Since Steve was being so bullheaded about speaking with her—and she was not unfamiliar with Steve’s bullheadedness—Tony had resorted to slightly underhanded measures. She had sent out a text, copied to everyone on the invitation list for the Avenger’s Annual Christmas Eve party, telling them the party now began at four, two hours early. She had then immediately texted everyone
“15% chance we explode, 75% chance the portal disappears, 10% chance it’s both. So, a one in four bet that we explode, and an 85% chance the portal closes,” Tony said. “But the explosion won’t be nuclear and should be limited to this building and the area immediately surrounding us—maybe a hundred feet out from this building max.”
that I mentioned. Civil War soldiers, visitors from other planets, other universes…whole buildings popping up where they shouldn’t be…it’s what everyone’s dealing with outside. They’re often confused and hostile. That’s what we’ll need people on the ground for.”
“Maybe,” James agreed, but he didn’t look convinced.
And that was how, for the first time, Captain America took flight with Iron Man. They set off for Manhattan, ready to help save the world again—even if it wasn’t theirs to be saving.
“Hmm?” Tony replied, and Steve was pleased she sounded sleepy and relaxed instead of ill and wound up.
“Yes, that is his name,” Antonella agreed, amused. “I just think that you don’t
late this afternoon, Katherine Elizabeth, I
(Tony might have been freaking out a little at that point) and out of the way as the lightbulbs in the street lamps above them exploded, sending shards of glass to the ground below.
outside—there had been a
. There they all were, enjoying dinner, and right at the table a sixteen year old kid was in pain probably because he’d
He sounded like he was underwater. Nothing was louder to Steve than the thumping of his own heart, than the sound of blood rushing through his ears.
, eighty-one?” The boy’s expression was slack, and a bad feeling was beginning to grip Steve’s stomach. Acting on instinct, he moved towards the young man. Agent 81 held out his hand—the little blue cube was at the center. Suddenly, there was a bright flash of blue light taking over the whole room, a horrible, sickening feeling like Steve was being squeezed through a soda can, and then—
Part of him realized, sluggishly, that this was shock. He was in shock, and that was why he felt disconnected, why the world seemed to be moving too fast, why he couldn’t react to anything, why he couldn’t
beats. Shooting comes from your head. It’s all a mind game, Katie-Kate. The bow is an extension of your eye, not your arm. The bow is an extension of your perception, so you better be sure your perception’s dead on.” He drew the bow, and Kate’s heart leapt. There was no way he could make the shot again.
“525. Earth 525—anything on it,” he said.
“Noted,” Tony said, gulping his own coffee. There was silence for a few moments. Tony just watched his double. It was strange, looking at her. She looked like his mother. She had her curly hair, her delicate, feminine features. Tony, despite the evidence staring him in the face, could not imagine himself as her. She was more like a twin sister than another version of himself. She was just…she was too different. Not just female, but also more responsible. More reliable. A
“It’s not you,” she admitted. “You’ll be fine. You’ve been training for this since forever. There are always unforeseen scenarios but—I think you’ll be fine. It’s more… I really wonder. I wonder if I would be as brave as you if it was so easy for me to die. I can smite the mightiest of villains with the greatest of ease—but would I do so in your position?” James just laughed and Torrun frowned at him, looking outraged and indignant.
the helicarrier, Tony only knew what about fifteen of them actually did. Sometimes she wondered if Hill had hired the rest for aesthetics. Tony approached the central controls, quickly glancing over the basic stats of the ship before looking out the vast glass windows before her. The sun was setting, throwing a beautiful orange and pink hue over the whole of the glittering ocean. Tony wasn’t one to wax poetic, but she
Bruce didn’t have anything to splint the leg with. That could wait, anyway, now that it was set and not blocking his circulation any longer. Now to attend to the puncture wound. Gently, ever so gently, Bruce had Azari help him move James onto his side. Bruce nearly breathed a sigh of relief. Unless there was somehow shrapnel inside, it was a clean shot; the bullet had gone right through him.
“That’s a very polite and evasive ‘no’, Giggles,” he said. He finished attaching the rim. “I’m not about to fire you for it. Can I ask, in the interest of demographic research—why not?”
“Ball. Dance. Shindig. Whatever. Lots of people. Lots of booze. Should be fun,” Stark said. “You do know what fun is, don’t you, Giggles?”
Valeria Richards – 16, born in 2000 -> Reed Richards/Susan Storm Richards
having a blast,” Kate said. “Dad we should ditch these losers. I can’t believe they can’t appreciate a good ball game.”
“Really I can’t get past the whole ‘grew up in the 20s and 30s thing’,” Tony mused. “Very strange.”
?” Steve asked, baffled. “Why battle it out in Earth-3490 and not 199999?”
It had been cryptic advice but MCU Fury had refused to say more.
. But Tony felt Steve’s grip on his shoulder tighten uncomfortably.
An intern—was it Emma? Mary? Well, she was a skinny little redhead that reminded Tony of Pepper, anyway—set Tony’s coffee on the small table beside her. Mary or Emma or whomever she was learned well and quickly. Tony picked up the coffee and took a sip. She couldn’t remember when it was that she had last slept. It felt like a long time ago. Steve wouldn’t have let her go more than two days without any, but Steve had been away on a mission for three weeks, to return this evening. Tony took another gulp of the drink—this must be day three, then. Luckily, the day had been relatively quiet. If this quick sweep over the Atlantic didn’t yield any unusual data, then she’d be able to fly home for dinner. They had made reservations at one of Tony’s favorite places.
And that was when Peter’s heart really filled with dread. The building was collapsing. That was not a light roof over him—not to mention there was an entire
“Fine, fine. Ok, uh…Never have I ever had a dick in my mouth,” Clint said. All the women groaned and grabbed for their shot glasses—as did Steve and Other Tony and, a bit reluctantly, Other Steve. She noticed the Alts staring at her husband and Other Steve incredulously. Her own Steve raised an eyebrow at the stunned expressions and just shrugged as Other Steve tried unsuccessfully to fight back a blush. Oh, how that brought Tony back every time.
“I got misidentified, too,” Bruce said sympathetically. “She’s beautiful, their daughter. She’s beautiful and bright and she laughs just like Betty. She thought I was him at first. But he knew—their son. Benjamin. He knew instantly. He’s smart too. Dry wit. I like them both. Good kids, you can tell. They had them before—before everything. Good kids. Normal kids.” He stopped.
“James, please, Jamie, just let him go, let him go, Jamie, please—“ his little sister was behind him, behind the alt. She was crying again. But James still saw red even in the wake of his little brother’s wide-eyed expression.
“For what it’s worth,” Tony said, staring at the red rug beneath them, the one he’d spilled coke on when he was six, the one that
“It’s weird for me too, you know,” Steve said. “I mean I think it’s weird for all of us—Clint’s got kids here too, after all, and so does Bruce. But—I
go rogue?” Steve asked. She opened her eyes to find Steve’s bright blue ones peering down at her.
“You were defending yourself, Peter,” MCU Steve said. “It was an accident, and you were defending yourself, your family, the people on the streets.”
about it,” she said in her own defense, not denying the accusation in the least.
“Shit fuck,” Kate said, running the two words together as one. “You’re not going to tell my parents are you? Oh, the fuck am I saying—of
They were getting overwhelmed. It was an attack from all sides, and it was big. The Sinister Six were nothing to sneeze at, and you add some doombots in from an unrelated mission in which they had somehow managed to piss off Doctor Doom, and it was a recipe for disaster. They would handle it. Tony knew that they would handle it. But it was still a struggle.
“Do a sweep,” said his father’s voice, but it didn’t sound quite like his father. James looked around hurriedly. He tried to jump in a cabinet, but he wasn’t fast enough. The Black Widow caught him.
I'm also very inspired at present to write the prequel to this story, which would just be 3490 Tony and Steve's story. Again, no guarantees, and I have one more fic on this account I really ought to finish first, but if you still have interest, keep an eye out.
“Every one of these kids but Francis has some form of super strength and super healing,” Dad said. “Nobody’s using full power in here—just keep those shocks to a minimum. If anything looks like it’s getting out of hand, we’ll call it. If you call down a lightning strike that’s too strong, I’m sure Torrun will take care of it. Won’t you, Torrun?” Torrun nodded. Thor did not look completely appeased, but he nodded reluctantly.
Steve, Tony. I’m not
“Yeah, yeah, thanks,” Peter replied, already engrossed in his work. It was a familiar scene but felt funny to be on the other end of it. Tony left the room and turned the books over in his hands. It wasn’t going to be revolutionary, but it was a start. And a
“You’re very bad at storytelling,” he said dryly. Tony laughed, because it was something her Steve would say.
“Oh. Right. Should’ve—should’ve assigned someone,” James said, flushing red.
“I didn’t mean to imply you were being a bad mother,” 3490 Steve apologized. “I’m sorry.” He turned his head and 3490 Tony leaned down to meet him in a kiss. It was sweet and gentle, with none of the passion from earlier that morning. It was utterly
“Uh.”
“You can’t hide it from me, Stark,” Steve said, grinning behind the top of his pint, “I’m onto you. You love kids. I bet you love puppies and kittens too.”
was probably the right word for it, but Steve thought there must be more to it than that. He wasn’t just
“Well, wouldn’t you be jumpy if you were stuck in another universe and completely at the mercy of another set of Avengers?” Tony asked.
“Fine you two; keep it to a little static shock,” Dad said, relenting. “Nothing remotely dangerous, understood?” Azari nodded. Torrun smiled. Peter shuddered. He’d been on the receiving end of Azari’s shocks before—‘static’ level or not (a description which Peter had to mental scold his father for—didn’t he know how dangerous static shock could actually get, like on other planets?) and it was never a pleasant experience.
“Triple B?” 3490 Tony asked with a raised eyebrow as Tony took a seat across from her.
“Then how did you end up married?” he asked. Ah, Tony realized, this was what he was hoping for all along, when he saw her sitting alone in the kitchen. He wanted the story. He wanted it in all its romantic glory, wanted to know how a version of himself had managed to fall in love again, had managed to obtain that one thing he craved above all—marriage, children, a loving home. Well, who was Tony to deny him?
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“They’re not always on the best of terms with SHIELD,” James said. He bit his lip and Torrun felt a little lost. Should she lie? Should she lie and tell him it would all be ok? She had no idea how the military would react to James’ absence.
“1990…26 years ago in this timeline,” Other Steve said slowly. She could see the pained look on his face. It was subtle, but it was there in the set of his mouth, the look in his eyes. It was yet another twenty years that he had missed in his universe. “The Avengers didn’t form immediately, then.” Tony nodded.
“That wasn’t your fault,” Francis said.
. Tony was everywhere, Tony’s lips moving against his, Tony’s hands roaming up his sides, Steve doing the same to him. He was overwhelmed with the sudden desire to feel him
“I’m the fastest, I’ll be right back,” Tony assured him. It was true, she was the fastest. She could fly straight to the top. “Where is she, Peter?”
“Ngh—I’m—protectmyfriends, protectmyfriends, protectmyfriends—ok for now just—protectmyfriends—can’t hold forever,” Billy struggled with his words and magic over the comm.
wouldn’t lie to us like that, no matter the circumstances. Slip us all trackers? Maybe, yeah. I mean, the first time you met Bruce you poked him with a little rod with an electrical shock to see what would happen—“
James wondered if his dad would move them now, when the manor was now so filled with ghosts. He wondered if his dad was laying awake in his bed, too. And then the more James thought about that last singular thing, the more he had an urge he couldn’t ignore. He threw off his covers and tip toed down the hall like he’d done so many times as a little boy. When he reached his dad’s room, he slowly cracked open the door and peeked inside.
“Doesn’t this prove it?” Tony demanded. “Doesn’t this
“It was a panic attack. She’ll be fine, but not if you all set her off again.
,” he whispered reverently, still standing in front of the open fridge. 3490 Steve turned to Antonella and whispered,
“It hurt very much. And I was very scared,” he told her. “I was scared the bad people might hurt your mother. Or Uncle Sam, or Uncle Bucky, or Aunt Nat. I was scared of what they might do if they got away. That’s part of what your mother and I do, Kate, with the Avengers. Fear is part of it, honey. It doesn’t ever go away.” Kate had looked down the bandaged expanse of her father’s broad back, her lip quivering with the thought of it.
Steve throws his hands up in the air. “How do you even come up with this shit?” he demands.
“Close your eyes, babies.”
The song keeps playing, but Obadiah grapples for it, smashing the phone so that the song no longer is playing. He looms over Tony.
Nazis are running around, yelling for water. A burning crate at the side of the settlement is pushed over, only to knock over a drum of heavy black oil. It makes contact with the wall of fire that is already there, and it turns into a river that shoots across the cement.
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I guess I just… I don’t know what I was thinking. I saw the bracelet and I started thinking these things, and that’s not… that wasn’t fair, you’re right. I shouldn’t have asked JARVIS. I was way out of line. I’m sorry.”
“It was the
Lord Steven leaves soon after.
“See, now I’m naked and you’re not,” Steve says, slyly.
James’ face falls. “You didn’t know,” he says, slowly.
with it.
? Advice about
“That’s literally a contradiction–” Tony huffs.
“And it’s too early for wine. Joy.”
Card Number: 4066
“Now, all the omegas in the crowd would know how hard it can be putting on makeup in a car that’s bouncing like a kangaroo on a trampoline,” he drawls. “What if I told you that in just a few short years, your automobile wouldn’t touch the ground at all?”
“Where did you get that?” Howard demands.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath, and he musters up the strength from somewhere to text him back, letting him know where he is. Moments later, the front doors are bursting open, and Steve is throwing himself down the stairs to reach him. Steve ends up on the grass with him, wrapping his arms around Tony, clutching at him, so that Tony can bury his face in his shoulder, sob a little the way that he wouldn’t have had the courage to do otherwise.
“Yeah, yeah, of course,” Tony says, quickly, standing up. “It was nice to meet you.”
“Appa?”
Steve startles beside Tony, and there’s bile in Tony’s throat.
,” Tony decides. “You?”
Fury boils deep in his chest.
“Because you have a lot more heart and a lot more perseverance than anyone else that I’ve ever met, Steve Rogers.”
Steve flinches.
me? That was almost a decade ago, you jackass. And you still didn’t tell me. You didn’t tell me when we got married, you didn’t tell me when we had the kids. When
“Sweetheart, how many orgasms do you think you have in you?”
The alpha is different to the other alphas Tony has ever known; he’s shorter, with thin features, like a bird, skin close to the bones, the ribs showing in his figure, blonde hair short and flat, and his eyes blue like a summer storm.
Wanda, frankly, knows what it’s like to be an idiot who is married.
Pale grey eyes flash through his vision, momentarily, and his mouth tastes like lies, like ash, and he bats it away, horrified, because he’s not that sort of person, he doesn’t need the memory, the image of some other man to get himself off, not when Steve’s inside him.
and frankly, it’s not just bullshit; it’s insulting. You’re proving that you had no fucking respect for me, Steve. Not then, and certainly, not now.”
Tony and Steve are waiting in the police station, both too stunned by what they’d just seen than to do much more than retell the story once.
Tony glares at his boyfriend. “You’re not helping the situation.” He pauses, a little bit of urgency to his voice. “You are staying, though, right? Staying the night?”
“They?” Miss Lewis’ brow furrows.
The nurse backs off, clearly becoming cagey at the sound of Steve’s fury.
Their hands dangle at their sides, and Tony’s knuckles brush against Steve’s. Steve hesitates, and then, he’s tangling their fingers together, his broad palm clenching around Tony’s for a long moment.
“You’re a good boy for me, aren’t you?” Steve asks.
“You know why we’re married, right?”
“You mean, they whore her out, and she goes along with it because she doesn’t know any better?” Tony asks, disgust lining his voice.
Steve looks at him, aghast.
He picks up a brick from the ground and throws it as hard as he possibly call through the window, startling Steve.
And then, Thanos gets his hands on the gauntlet that he, Rocket and Bruce had forged together, all six infinity stones gleaming, even if the sky is above is dirty with dust and ash and destruction, and Tony’s eyes flicker across the battlefield.
Steve’s
, Tony, and I know I’ve said that before, but maybe I didn’t say it as strong as I should have, but I am not and have not had an affair with Natasha. I love
“And then, he finally realised that I was sitting there, like a fucking idiot,” he laughs, harsh and grating, “and he fell over himself all over again trying to explain who she was and why she was hugging him. Turns out that this restaurant that we’d gone to,
James sighs. “Tony, if it protects you and your family, you should-”
having an affair with Natasha.”
me,” he says, his voice searing-edged, “we’re here, in the middle of nowhere, all three of us, and our kids, our
James understands what he’s about to say without him even saying it, and he nods, even if his displeasure shows clearly on his face.
Steve surveys his fallen form – it’s a job well done.
Ms Lewis clears her throat and looks away, her cheeks suddenly pink. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
But the others, the other parents, who circle the three like hungry predators, waiting to sink their ugly, sharp claws into whatever new scandal that Tony might present to them, they’re the ones that have the problems. They titter when they think that Tony’s back is turned, make insidious little comments about Steve being a cuckolded husband and James being the pool boy that Tony fucks every now and then. They complain about James being around the kids, as if Tony is a bad parent for allowing such things, and they unfortunately make some stupid remark about how
“We have to find those tapes. How the hell do we do that? We can’t go back to our parents. They’ll never help us. They were trying really fucking hard to make sure that any mention of Obadiah Stane died with him. They don’t want us to remember.”
The door closes behind him, and Tony stares at it.
That being said, he doubts there is no such thing for an easy life for a father who is actually interested in having children, raising them, loving him.
“Okay, I’m leaving now,” Tony says, quickly. “If you could have the kids in bed by eight, and even if Maushmi gives you the puppy eyes, please don’t feed her ice cream after dinner. She’s like a gremlin.”
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath and closes a hand around his cock, stroking upwards from base to tip. It’s a little dry, but Tony likes the friction.
“You fucking-” Steve says, raging.
abide it. But I can’t promise you that it is something that can change, the way that I feel, the way that I look at you, my fear, my disgust for myself, anytime soon. It wouldn’t be fair to you to stand here and promise that all was well, that I was ready to be your omega in every way, that I wanted to have children with you.”
“Now, look, Tony,” Coulson sounds sharper, colder, “don’t push it. You’ve already engaged in sex, drugs and violence. If you throw in insanity, who knows if your dad’s money will be able to protect you?”
Before they even know what’s happening, several men are converging on them.
are here,” Tony hisses. “You shouldn’t have come here in the first place.”
“If I wasn’t… if I wasn’t such a fucking mess, if I wasn’t so insecure, so fucked up, then, I wouldn’t have believed it, believed that you were capable of cheating on me. I wouldn’t have taken all those things, the necklace, the frantic phone calls, the way she touched you, the fake conferences, and the way she talked about you, to mean that you were sleeping with her,” Tony says, quietly, staring down at his lap.
The EKG is shrieking.
“No, it has to be me. I’m the one who can bring him out.” Tony pauses. “But we need to prepare for this. I’m not going to have it end up like the last time. No one else is dying, least of all you or me.”
He presses his fingers more insistently against James’ prostate, until James gasps. “Fuck, Tony, if you keep going, I’m gonna come and that’s gonna delay your plans by another fifteen minutes.”
my heart.”
Tony blinks. “Huh.”
Thanos snaps his fingers with an ominous, “I am inevitable.”
Before Tony even knows what’s happening, something is colliding with him in a dull, painful thud, and he’s hitting the ground. The bazooka clatters across the cement floor as two other Nazis help subdue Tony. They take his pistol from his holster and raise him roughly in their grasp, just as Dr. Zola approaches.
He shakes his head.
Together, they limp out of the abandoned preschool, and when Tony looks over his shoulder, he watches the fire spread, until it climbs out of the boiler room and swallows up the whole building, licking out of the windows behind them.
“You should, uh, you two should talk about everything else,” Tony says, quietly. “You guys have a lot to talk about.”
His eyes are big and shiny in the light of the twin’s bedroom, and Tony can taste his grief and regret in the air, and something in his chest cracks, floods.
“Yeah, I can get there. I’ll see you soon.”
Steve and James exchange a look.
One night, he climbs out of his bed, dons his robe, much like the first night with Grant, but this time, there is a confidence to his steps that wasn’t there that other night, a freedom that came with the fact that he’d killed Grant himself, felt his lifeblood pour out all over his body, and watched him choke up his last breath.
“Is she the Black Widow? Did she come from Russia? Let me guess, she defected. Decided that the Soviet Union wasn’t for her, that she’d had tastes of American freedom and she’d jumped ship? Is that what happened?”
do this, life, war, all of it,
“So, we got the kids back, got them out of there, took them home. It’s…” he hesitates. “It’s been a long day, so they just crashed in the car. They’re in bed right now, with Steve and James watching over them.”
It’s a mean, quick punch to Tony’s gut, the words alone, and the ache ripples outward, until everything is drying up in his body, and his eyes are stinging, stinging bright.
“Do you mind explaining?” Eshe prods.
“So, uh, if you don’t mind me asking, how was it?” Steve wonders out loud. “For you, I mean?”
omegas, should.
Tony leans up on his toes and kisses him, gently, just a brief touch of his mouth against Steve’s and pulls back.
James sighs. “No, you are not.”
He says it briskly, without artifice, as though Steve’s response means nothing to him, but he knows that it’s a lie, that Steve’s reply to his request means a great deal, and his hands are shaking once he gets the words out.
“I don’t need you to fight my battles for me. I don’t need you to talk to my husband for me. Besides, I think that wouldn’t end well at all. I can explain everything to him; I just… I wanted to run it by you first, talk to you about it. Are you okay with me telling him?” Tony asks, practically vibrating down to his fingers and toes.
“Oh, because I’m too dumb to understand, Mr Big Brain?” Steve asks, hotly.
Steve picks up the kids on his way back from SHIELD, and Tony has just finished fixing the shower in the kids’ bathroom, and James is making stuffed vine leaves, or
, completely,” Tony replies, his face pinched with fury.
“I just… I told you, I wanted to see how you were doing. I mean, before, when we were all talking, and you–”
Everyone falls silent, when there’s a distant scraping against the house, just outside the window. Something multiple, thin and sharp, like a claw made of metal.
Finally, he shuts off the engine and opens the door, climbing out to see what the problem is.
Steve’s face cycles through a rapid-fire sequence of emotions, before he smiles as well. “Yeah?”
with her luncheons and her parties and whatever it is that she busies her day with. You had plenty of time to get that hover car up and running. You’ve known about the Expo for months. All I ask from you is to do your work and to do it
That sends a pang straight down to his heart muscle. He smooths back her hair and kisses her gently on the forehead, the lies tasting bitter in his mouth, especially when he’s looking at his sweet little girl.
“And so, they drew this family portrait that didn’t include me at all?” Steve says, his voice thin and taut.
“No, don’t be sorry at all,” she says, kindly. “I was just curious, because sometimes, it’s not something that happens as a result of the kid’s context, the shyness, the quietness, you know? It’s something that they inherit; that’s also possible.”
“I never wanted your marriage to reach the state that it did, and if I played a part in that, and I know I played a part in that, I’m sorry, Tony. I’m really sorry.”
“Don’t call me that,” James says, sharply. “That’s not my name.”
Steve sighs. “Okay. Five thousand. That’s all I can give you now. I can get you more when you land in the States.”
Tony gnaws on his lower lip. “They arrested Natasha this morning,” he says, subdued. “It was my fault. She… she wanted to talk to me; she cornered me in the bushes on my way to school. But my dad okayed it with the police to trail me, just in case she decided to contact me, which she did. So, they arrested her. I’m sorry, I didn’t know–”
Tony swallows hard, dragging his fingers over the images drawn on the sheets in smooth, broken crayon.
In truth, he didn’t think a heat could be like this.
“Yes, I understand that.”
She was always polite with his father’s lovers, even if a part of her died on the inside with every new pretty face that she saw.
Peter nods.
your plan exactly?”
Tony leans in. “I can’t believe her mother let him come over here.”
“How many wives did Krishna have?” Steve asks, his eyes wide.
Tony wraps his hand around Steve’s cock, biting at his lap, staring at Steve’s face to garner an understanding about how he’s feeling. Steve groans, seizing off the bed. There’s sweat dampening his brow, and his mouth parts, especially as Tony’s rhythm surges.
There’s a glimmer of tears in Natasha’s eyes as she looks away.
In the end, Steve and Bucky don’t leave in the middle of the ceremony, and Rhodey and Pepper don’t have to kill them.
“I trust you,” he says, solemnly.
“I wasn’t,” he says, almost immediately.
Steve stalks forward, loping like a wolf that has in its eyes its prey. He stops right in front of him, barely an inch from Tony, so close that he can feel the thud of his heart against Tony’s. Tony sucks in barely a breath, just enough to get his lungs working, and he stares up at Tony through the dip of his eyelashes.
Tony takes a deep breath. “Do you know about
tie you down to the bed and it led to sexy times, we should
“As they should, because he did horrible things,” Steve says, reasonably.
Grant chuckles, a dark sound that has the pit in his belly opening wide. He comes closer, and Tony has the sudden urge to back away.
be fine, you know,” Steve spoke again a few moments later. Tony looked at him again. He was obviously just as concerned as Tony was. “He’s a tough kid.”
“I’m sure—whatever she said I deserved it. She might have already told me but—go on,” 3490 Steve told him. Tony felt taken a bit aback.
“Big genius brain,” Tony grumbled, still unhappy about the lack of progress. He wondered if he could convince Peter to steal some files from his mother for him. Surely,
“I noticed you were gone yesterday,” Steve said. Tony sat on the living room couch, tablet in hand. No one else was around—the kids were at school, 3490 Tony and 3490 Steve were working, Thor and Jane had flitted off to Stark Tower as per usual, and Bruce had joined them. Clint and Natasha were—actually, Steve had no idea, but he rarely knew where either of them were—they slipped in and out of the mansion at their leisure, always quiet. Even Pepper was gone. So Steve, feeling lonely in the empty mansion and still not sure what to do with himself, had wandered into the living room and found Tony.
“You were quarterback,” Tony guessed. Steve laughed.
Tony Stark was much more fun to be around than Senator Stark, Steve had decided. Which, to be fair, probably had a lot to do with the fact that Steve Rogers was much more fun to be around than Special Agent Steve Rogers. Steve still spent plenty of time watching Tony in the lab, but now those hours were often filled with conversation—and when they weren’t, when Tony needed to think, Steve had loosened up enough to permit himself to draw on duty.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“Please,” Antonella interrupted. There was a tremor in her voice, a desperate note. “Please, just go.” Just as he was first to speak, Clint was first to rise. He tapped Francis on the shoulder, who rose reluctantly. Everyone followed silently, save for James, Peter, and, surprisingly, Natasha—3490, Tony assumed. He wondered if she was waiting for Bucky to come back, but the thought left him quickly. All he could think about was the raw sound of Antonella’s voice. It was hurt and broken and filled with self-loathing.
“You did! You
Well, Tony thought bitterly, it was pretty unsurprising. Antonella was
“Well, shouldn’t be long now,” his dad said. “Hand me one of those nuts over there—yeah, that’s the one.” His dad screwed a few things into place, then glanced up at Peter. “So, how’s the other guy look?” Peter was startled, but he managed an innocent, questioning expression. His dad just gave him a look. “Come on, Peter, I know a right cross when I see one. Yes or no, do I have to call somebody’s father?” A rush of horror flooded through Peter. He shook his head.
“Nope. I’m just—”
for the sky. As the ship lifted in the air, Tony headed to the enclosed spiral staircase that led to the command deck. If she wasn’t flying this thing, she would at least be commanding it.
“I had to try.”
a female Tony Stark to, you know, be happy in life or anything. That’s not it at all. In fact, I’ve probably fucked up Steve’s life irreparably in a lot of ways so, y’know, I’m not even a number one perfect choice, really, we’re just a bit of a happy accident—so you definitely don’t
.” Natasha’s gaze was intense and insistent. Steve knew she was right. She was right, but somehow he still trusted their counterparts, at least a little.
,” Francis said more emphatically, and she felt his gentle touch on her bare arm. She rolled her head to look at him. He gave her a tight smile. “I can practically hear you panicking. Take a breath, Katie-Kate. You did well.”
It was true, Peter had to admit. He’d only seen the little girl with curly blonde hair a handful of times outside the holidays. Kate, on the other hand, seemed to be at the Barton’s every other weekend.
“—you’re not exactly the paragon of ethical practices. But I think you have good intentions at heart, Tony. I don’t think your double’s any different,” Steve said. His smile was so genuine and earnest, and his eyes were focused entirely on Tony. It was a bit overwhelming.
“Me either,” he said. “I don’t think I can—I don’t feel like—it’s like there’s just nothing. Either nothing, or everything. I can’t process. I can’t…I don’t feel anything. I felt everything earlier. Now I just don’t feel at all.”
“Well, he’s not around at the moment but he’ll probably be back for dinner,” Tony responded.
There were no more words for several minutes, and none of the Avengers in the hall moved. Antonella emerged from the room, but refused to look at any of them. She just stared blankly into her daughter’s room and said in a neutral tone,
. With it came the promise of extended family, of badly singing Christmas carols as Mom played the piano, of stuffing your face with Christmas cookies before feasting on Christmas ham at dinner, of embarrassing Christmas sweaters, of hearing
“I’m not the one who replaced every Metallica song on my iPod with Black Sabbath,” mature Steve pointed out.
“Such a sweet little boy,” 525 Steve said, smiling. Everything was wrong about that smile. Or maybe it was that
have to understand each other.”
, Tony thought privately.
“He left. He’s going to spend a few days at the Triskelion,” 3490 Tony said evenly. Nothing about her tone relayed distress. She spoke like it was the most natural thing in the world for him to go. She made it sound so typical that for a moment, Steve thought perhaps it
Breakfast with the Rogers brats without their parents was supremely strange, Tony thought the next morning. It was a Friday, and some of the Avengers decided to take a long weekend, sleeping in. So, at the breakfast table it was just Tony, Pepper, Natasha, Steve, and the teenagers. Peter had obviously just rolled out of bed. He was still rubbing sleep out of his eyes. His brown hair was sticking up in every direction and he was still in sweats and an overlarge t-shirt. Kate, by contrast, was already completely ready. Her make-up was done with obvious finesse, her shiny black hair was half-up and free of frizz, and her uniform was crisp and clean. Peter ate Cocoa Puffs, Kate ate a grapefruit and a croissant. They might have been twins, but you never would have known it by looking at them. They didn’t even go to the same schools, which Tony didn’t understand.
“You—you trust Antonella because you trust me?” Tony asked, almost not daring to voice the thought.
This is a reminder to readers to please note the existence of warnings for this story within the tags above; for various reasons I have chosen not to use archive warnings, but that
“Gender?” Tony said. “The hell do you mean by that?” 3490 Steve looked amused again, that one side of his mouth quirked upward.
“Uh,” James said. He held his position even as his stepmother swung the crowbar right at him—well, not at him, James knew, but at the projection. He was
“This is going to be a rough two years, isn’t it?” Steve asked, putting on his reflective sunglasses. Natasha just pursed her lips.
Perhaps, Torrun thought, that was where Kate got it from.
Matthew Hogan – 13, born in 2003 -> Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
“If it perforated my stomach,” James said, still pushing at Peter’s hands with no force behind it, “then I’m dead soon anyway. Stomach acid will do that.
a bluff. “Seriously, I’m barely ten years younger than you if you’re discounting the whole nap on the ice shit.” Steve realized with a start that she was right. He realized with an even greater start that he was far closer in age to Kate than he was to either of her parents. It was an odd and disturbing thing to feel. Kate took another hit on the joint, then held it to him as an offering.
“Tell him, Steve,” the other Tony said. He wasn’t in his suit anymore. His armor had melted back under his skin. He looked tired. Upset. That was rich. “It can’t hurt to tell him. To know why this has to be this way.” 525 Steve frowned but he didn’t disagree with his Tony.
There wasn’t much in the room, just a set of sofas, a coffee table, and a flat screen TV. James wasn’t sure it was a VIP room so much as the beginning of an apartment above the club. But all the background information left James as he noticed who was
“Oh, last names again, I see how it is—you know, you’re
“Well,” Steve said slowly, considering, “No. I don’t think it’s really any of my business, little miss.” Kate cocked her head to one side.
“Uh—”
“Oh, don’t you fret, Miss Potts, once we figure out
Steve turned off the water of the shower, wrapped a towel around his waist, and headed for his duffel filled with fresh clothes. Thor and Clint were already changing. Clint might be rather bruised as well, but Steve didn’t think Clint minded much. By the careful, deep breaths he took, Steve figured that it was the
Most of Tony’s weapons were kaput now after the lengthy battle—repulsors were pretty much all he had left. He scrambled for a gauntlet as the alien advanced—it was green and it talked and that was all Tony really understood—and Tony backed away. But just as he was thinking he was cornered and he wasn’t going to connect the gauntlet in time, he heard a
them! We’ve
“And ‘we’ is…” Pepper prompted.
“No, I don’t need you to come in, we’ve got it covered here. The kids will want to see you, I’m sure, and at least one of us should get a good night’s sleep,” Tony told Steve. She sat in what was essentially a break room, watching
“Spaghetti! I’m making spaghetti and meatballs for dinner,” Tony replied. Ah, well, that was all right then. It was the only dish Tony could in fact make, and Tony didn’t just
Warning: This chapter contains an instance of underage substance abuse.
“Guess we’re not much of a threat if he can eat on the job,” Tony mused.
‘Rogers’ very well.” She gulped down the remainder of her coffee and put the mug on the table with a dull thunk. Tony felt like disagreeing with her. He’d known the guy for nearly two years. He had a stick permanently lodged up his ass, and he’d never seen anything to indicate otherwise. Antonella stood. “Well, this has been a lovely chat but I have a international security organization to run, so.” She picked her tablet up.
“OH GOD EARS BLEEDING,” Peter yelled, running away.
“Uh—”
“Oh hell no,” Antonella said with a laugh. “I was twenty-nine and pregnant with my boyfriend’s child, a boyfriend who had
to run, even as it proves we
Storm
mother.”
Chapters 27-29: Friday, October 28, 2016
in a pale blue evening gown Clint knew she’d borrowed from a very insistent 3490 Tony. However immediately in front of him Clint and Maria were holding hands on the table, and that was just
lifting your punishment.” Kate looked up sharply at that.
. And not just Avengers. Anyone with powers. You know in every world we’ve been to, we’ve only ever seen the destruction wrought by our kind. So we’re doing what we do best. We’re eliminating the threat to humanity.”
It wasn’t, of course, his shield. For a moment, Tony had thought that it was his, that he’d thrown it and forgotten to catch it, or it had come back at an unexpected angle—but it wasn’t Steve’s shield at all. It was 525 Steve’s shield, and it had caught him in the gut and thrown him backwards.
It had been a long time since James had seen this many Avengers in the same place. More importantly, it had been a
“Not happening,” Tony said flatly.
against each other, actual guns-and-powers-involved war, with two superhero factions fighting it out…what I realized was that I was more upset personally by the fact that Steve and I were going to divorce than that we were about to start a war.
“James? James we’ve got to call an ambulance,
“Ok, first of all
sleep and
“I didn’t mean it like that,” James said gently. “I didn’t mean to sound patronizing. Of course you’re grieving—we’re all grieving. I just meant—it hasn’t—it hasn’t sunk in yet. You said you can’t process—that’s what shock feels like. Shock as an emotion or lack thereof, not, you know, circulatory shock. But it will…it will pass, is what I’m saying, and I guess that doesn’t help because the rest feels worse but—shit, Pete, I’m bad at this kind of thing. I just meant that when it sinks in…everyone’s in the same boat here. I know what you’re feeling. I know what you’re going through, and—”
“Tony?”
Still, Kate thought, there could be a lot of damage done. When they actually ended up saving the day, would there be a day left to save? What would it look like? Kate felt uneasy. She didn’t want to know. She just wanted this to be over.
“Get my legs,” Kate ordered Alt Steve. Quickly, he complied, and Kate shimmied head first down the window. There, at the base, was Peter. He was slumped over, seated on the ground just beneath the window.
“I’m well aware,” Steve said dryly. It would have been difficult not to notice given Stark’s recent proclivity for men. Months ago, it had been women he’d brought home most often, but recently it was al men. Handsome men, too, Steve couldn’t help but notice, not that Tony would go with anyone who was less than model gorgeous. Stark just frowned at him again, and Steve realized his mistake.
Tony mumbled something. Steve wouldn’t remember what, though he was sure it was something to the effect of “ok”. He got up shortly after and left the room, and Steve returned to staring at the ceiling.
, he’s not responding—help me get the jacket off—”
so different?
“Oh,” Stark said, putting down his tablet. It still glowed and illuminated his face from his lap. “I’m sorry.”
It didn’t take long for Steve to find Tony even in the crowded hotel bar. His jacket was slung across the back of his chair, his elbows resting on the bar as he apparently contemplated the amber contents of the crystal glass he turned about in his hand. He kicked back the rest of it and then put the glass back on the bar. He gestured for the bar tender to come over and refill it. While Tony waited for his new drink, Steve slid into the empty seat beside him. It took Tony a moment to notice him, but when he did an eyebrow and half of his mouth quirked upwards at the same time.
? Where’s my phone, I need to record this for posterity,” Steve continued rummaging dramatically through his pockets. Tony just rolled his eyes.
“So I got up, dragging him with me, and told the clerk at the desk I was canceling my appointment. We left and…well, there are only a few times in life I can remember Steve being happier than he was when we left that clinic,” Antonella said. She smiled a soft, small smile. “For me, that made it worth it in that moment. Even though I knew I had eight months of unpleasantness to look forward to, even though I knew I’d have to quit the Avengers for the time being, even though I was
Much of the dialogue Clint gives in this chapter is taken straight from the comics, mainly Young Avengers Presents #6, just FYI!
End of Part One
you couldn’t get a
, something at once strong and vulnerable, a deep honesty that Tony had (for both good and ill) buried in those eyes. Steve took off his headphones, looking towards the door.
“That is
“Ugh, boring,” female Tony said. “You and I need a spa day sometime soon. Pencil it in somewhere in your schedule and I’ll work around it.” Female Tony took the paperwork from Pepper, flipping through it. “Can I get this back to you tomorrow morning?”
“Did you…did you want to talk about it?” Stark asked. Steve noted with amusement that the man looked horribly uncomfortable—about as uncomfortable, Steve figured, as he himself did around weeping women.
“Oh my
“I stole a bow for Clint a long time ago. I have almost all of my usual equipment,” Natasha said, just to be contrary.
Steve. I’m
“Because you clearly don’t want to get caught going for it but you clearly need some anyway,” Tony said. “You look like you’re turning into a Na’vi.” Peter winced at that.
James scowls, terribly, and Tony knows, he
He takes a deep, steadying breath, and then, mashes the burning point of the light against his forearm. He grunts as his skin begins to broil and sizzle. When he pulls the lighter away, there’s a red, shiny streak across his forearm, matching the one on his other arm from when he’d burned it on the smoking pipe.
He doesn’t even blame Steve, of course; an alpha who had never been with an omega, had always been disdained by the omegas around him for being
“Then, what now?” Steve demands. “It’s another three miles to this place.”
“Obadiah?” Tony clarifies.
Wanda narrows her eyes. “Because he wanted to rekindle your relationship?”
“I… I…” Steve trails off, staring at Tony differently, a shadow looming behind his eyes.
James nods.
“We need to talk,” Steve says, lowly.
“I want you to suck my cock like you do my fingers, baby. Can you do that for me?” Steve asks, softly.
All of the soldiers stop to stare at him, watching him with hungry eyes, and Tony continues walking, confidence in his step.
The moment stretches taut, and Tony waits, waits for a reaction, waits for anger, for tears, something which he could deal with, because Tony always works better with something to deal with – he’s also a dramatic person himself, with terrible floods of emotion, and if Steve was like that too, it would be easy to deal with.
The fingers that were currently wrapped around Tony’s cock nudge at his mouth, so that Tony can part his lips and take his fingers into his mouth and taste his own pre-come.
He starts from the top and goes straight to the bottom. His hair is still thick and full, even if there are strands of grey creeping around the edges of his hairline, particularly near his temples. Pepper had even commented upon it when she’d come over last week with a folder full of contracts that the hermit CEO of Stark Industries needed to sign. He hadn’t thought much of it, but maybe it was time to start dying it, or at least, touching it up so that no one else figured out he was already succumbing to his age.
sort of attractive.
“He left,” Wanda repeats. “He packed his bags, grabbed them, walked out of the house, and we didn’t speak for a whole week. And then, he called me, he said that things weren’t okay, that I wasn’t okay, and that our fight had just proved it. I was so glad that he was willing to talk to me that I was willing to agree to whatever he said, just to… to keep him in my orbit. I loved him and he was all I had left, and he… if I lost him too, I don’t know whether I would have survived. So, when he said that we had to talk to someone, I agreed, I would have agreed if he told me that he wanted me to jump off a cliff, which in retrospect is very unhealthy.”
, he thinks,
“It’s just us, Pepper. You don’t have to call me that,” Tony says, exhaustion setting in his voice, as he turns around and starts stripping out of his clothes.
“I do,” Ms Lewis sighs. “And honestly, all I can do is hope that they eventually get used to the routine.”
Once they’re done, he picks the glasses off them and drops it in the sink, rinsing them quickly, so they don’t get grotty, while he’s giving them a bath. He leads them into their bathroom, hand in hand, wincing when he steps on a particularly sharp action figure on the ground – a Transformer in mid-transformation.
Tony pauses.
, Steve, they’re out there, and they could be in danger because of
Until Natasha shows up at the lake house with Scott Lang, with a crazy plan that threatens to shatter the space-time continuum.
“And you still didn’t do a thing? You didn’t confront me? You didn’t want to talk to me about it?”
go, though, and Sharon’s diner is saved, and Pepper makes a horrified noise when Clint and Nat and Thor return in the middle of the Hindu ceremony, covered in blood, but Toni just waves her hand, dismissively, because Steve doesn’t have a sister and Bucky doesn’t have a sister but Natasha is his cousin-sister, and Toni needs someone to finish the last knot on her
“Come on, grab my arms. Alt Steve’ll pull us up,” Kate said. Peter raised his arms up, and Kate grabbed his forearms. He grabbed hers in turn, but his grip was weak. Kate shouted up to Alt Steve, and he pulled them slowly.
“And how in the hell am I supposed to know all your cute little nicknames?” Fury demanded.
“He is,” Tony agreed. “He’s a good soldier, too. He takes everything in stride. He’s always laughing. You know, when I first met you, Steve, I figured you just had a massive stick up your ass. You were too serious. You oozed a straight-laced attitude I didn’t think still
“I don’t know what a
Kate grabbed a gun off the nearest assailant, kicking him to the curb, literally. There was a man in a window, high up, who had been shooting at her for too long now. The adults were preoccupied. It wasn’t a bow, but she’d trained with this weapon, too.
When Peter awoke, he wasn’t entirely certain that he
ungrateful to her—didn’t he see that she was sacrificing time with me so that he could have a chance?” James could not lather on the sarcasm any harder as he spat back things his mother had told him over the years. “You’re so right, Peter. I still have a fucking mother. Lucky fucking me.”
he’s mad at Mom. But like, I mean, I don’t know if she did it just to be nice to you. I think she had other reasons.”
“Are they keeping things contained?” the Commander demanded. Tony looked around through the throng of doombots that surrounded him—no, they definitely weren’t keeping things contained. A few doombots at the back of the pack were fleeing off in other directions. Thor was taking down the ones that he could, but there were a lot of little bots.
With that, Tony and Steve headed upstairs and then outside where the other Avengers waited. Thor had already transformed—though who the hell knew
were off on your own secret mission because
. Tony didn’t care because she was deliriously happy. She hadn’t had this much time with Steve in a good long while, and the supervillains of the world seemed strangely inactive. The few plots or incidents that had to be handled could easily be handled by other agents; there was no need to call Captain America or Iron Man to the scene. So she had spent the past couple of mornings waking up to her husband beside her in bed. On this particular morning, however, he was absent. It made sense—it was a Sunday, so he might have gone to an early morning mass with Kate or gone out for a run. Still, even his absence couldn’t overturn her good mood. If all went well, they would get to spend the day together. She thought, perhaps, they might even spend some time with Kate and Peter (and James, if he was around) playing board games or building killer robots or whatever. Steve would show up eventually, and then they could plan the day.
“These must be the Avengers of Earth 199999,” 3490 Steve said. His arm was still curled about 3490 Tony’s waist. “Welcome.” There was utter silence in he room for a moment. 3490 Steve began to look a bit concerned by their lack of response.
“You calling me old?” the Commander asked. The corners of his lips were tugging up into a grin. It was the closest thing Natasha had seen on his face to a real smile. Clint shrugged.
“I would like to know that as well,” Natasha said. “That could be a dangerous strategy, allowing them to see our skills, the way we work together.”
Another pause.
“It’s beautiful, Daddy,” she said, giving him a kiss on the cheek.
position. Everyone had gathered in the kitchen before dinner, ready for the table to be set and ready for the verdict to be read. Steve,
“Of course—why, are you nervous for me? That’s adorable, big guy,” Tony said with a laugh. Steve tried to smile but was less than successful. “You really are, aren’t you? Well, even if I don’t get elected, what’s the worst case scenario? You go back to D.C. Aren’t you excited to go back?” Tony looked at him with a look Steve knew all too well—it was the same look Tony got when he looked at fancy gadgets he hadn’t made, like he wanted nothing more than to take it apart and see how it worked, because something about it puzzled him.
“You started
“Maybe. But other you does seem
“What the
“You have ten seconds to explain who the hell you people are and what you’re doing in here,” the young man said.
from your friends from school until you can pull your grades up, capisci?”
“All right. Fine. But they’re on
Steve understood. He really, really did. He respected Tony’s decision—and was even more glad that he’d been the one to call things off, knowing Tony was impaired, because he
to her. But he never had been. Tony looked at the little silver and sapphire charm in her hand—Tony wouldn’t let herself be him. More importantly, Tony wouldn’t let Kate be
at him with wide eyes, Peter could only think one thing:
“Never mind,” he said a little too quickly while Tony tried to figure out how a sandwich could possibly be something Steve Rogers would blush about. “I—I don’t really know what to tell you, Tony. If it’s something that…something that he should have known?”
.” But Peter couldn’t be sure. The bald guy lunged for him, but Peter just sidestepped the burly guy. Peter put on the safeties, webbed the guns and secured them to a wall with another shot of web. Before either of the AIM agents could make a break for them, Peter webbed them too.
“I do,” Steve said sincerely, and wow, yes, those eyes were
“D’you think Steve will approve of this?” Bruce asked.
Clint Barton
Chapters 10-13: Friday, October 21, 2016
“Yeah, you too,” Steve replied. He didn’t know if he watched her walk away or not. Steve only knew that he woke up the next morning still seated on the couch.
Kate turned on her radio and her mic as she, Clint, and Natasha instinctively rushed away from the collapsing room. The other Steve and the Red Skull seemed quite engaged in their hand to hand combat and Kate wasn’t even sure he’d noticed.
realize it’s 6:45, right?” she asked him.
do you care? You never fucking cared before, why do you care she’s dead? You still
you’re going to tell my parents, you’re Captain America. Fuck.” Steve could do nothing but stare for a moment as she took another drag on the joint. He hadn’t seen much of Kate Rogers, though her brother Peter had certainly been quite visible in the mansion. Perhaps this explained why. Steve took a seat by a tree to Kate’s left, using the trunk to support his back as Kate was doing.
“Yes exactly. Except for Romanov and Barton. Did you notice they’re together? Talk about a deadly duo. That’s almost as bad as Natasha and Bucky. The others seem…receptive to our offers of friendship. Romanov and Barton are…more suspicious,” Tony said.
“Peter! Come on, what’s wrong? I’m shocked you’re angry. I’m
“Sure, sure, soldier boy,” Stark said, moving back to his holographic model. “But one of these days, I’m going to catch you off duty, and you’re not going to have that excuse anymore.”
Steve left his room quite early in the morning, putting the coffee on and making up some toast and scrambled eggs. He was definitely not up early in order to avoid Tony. That had absolutely nothing to do with it. It didn’t matter that he  knew the man had no regular sleep schedule and would probably sleep until noon and thus not be in the kitchen at five-thirty in the morning. That didn’t factor into Steve’s thought process one tiny little bit. If Tony happened to wander into the kitchen at that very moment, Steve would be
leg in which case his broken bone was obstructing his circulatory system (also known as
a shout and the sound of bone cracking on metal. Peter looked up—only to see his brother above on the rafters, fighting a guy his own age for a sniper rifle. Peter had no idea how either of them was still up there; they should have managed to shove each other off onto the ground, but somehow they were both still fighting in the rafters. Peter didn’t even think twice—he climbed up the nearest wall and started running on the rafters.
“If that barrier comes down we all go down—this is suicide,” Natasha said. She could hear splashes—some of the soldiers were jumping into the river to swim away. She felt her every muscle tense. She could order her team to leave—Hulk, Iron Man, Hawkeye—and they would go. But if she did and that barrier came down, all of the children would die.
“But what plot could our counterparts have devised to protect themselves against us?” Thor inquired. “What would work against all of us, and our combined or individual powers?”
have to be anxious about, Captain Obvious?” Tony grouched. Maybe he needed an extra pain killer. Everything coming out of his mouth seemed to be coming out before he had a chance to think about it. Steve’s mouth set in a hard line.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” Tony told him. Bruce shook his head.
“Oh?” Torrun asked, intrigued. James just nodded. His gaze wasn’t on her, but on some fixed point in the distance.
snafu. Tony hated snafus, big or small, and if Tony was being honest, this was not a
“If we could wrap this up, we really need to start patching up the big gaping rips in the fabric of space time,” Tony said into the comms as he took some agents out with his repulsors.
uncomfortable.
“What am I ever doing here? Free food,” James said with a teasing smile. He turned back to the Alts again. “I am truly sorry. Welcome to the ‘verse, and all that. How long are you marooned for?”
over the age of thirteen to show up for an emergency meeting. They couldn’t get into the building—it had been closed ever since the attack on Stark Tower threw the Avengers and SHIELD into chaos, with the kids who boarded there unable to take even their normal day classes—so they’d waited out on the sidewalk, watching their breath turn to clouds as they waited for their classmates to show up. Kate didn’t even like a good number of them, and a large portion of the Academy
Peter kept walking. He was very done with all the drama in the bunker—he didn’t need somebody pissed at him for eavesdropping. He headed off to the shower. He barely moved underneath the water, lazily washing himself off and shampooing his hair. When he’d toweled off he headed back to his room and collapsed on the bed. He was pretty sure he would be asleep inside of five seconds flat—the bed was so warm and cozy, and he was so,
“Happy, this is Agent Romanov, and this is Agent Giggles—no, Rogers, right? Sorry, I’m
, I have no idea how you stand him.” Antonella sipped her coffee.
“No. I want to know why.”
“Either that portal disappears or we explode or both,” Tony informed him.
try to pull something, I get yelled at. When
Maria Hill
would disappear to. We’ve got trackers on him, at least. It’s a long shot, though.”
,” 3490 Tony snapped.
They had only just finished their fight, really, when the alarm got pulled. And Steve knew that Tony was pissed beyond belief that he’d gotten ‘babysitting duty’ as he called it. Steve hadn’t taken too kindly to the term. There had been yet another fight and now, neither of them willing to
“Well, fine then,” she said. “Go overseas then and get shot at and come home in a body bag. Because that’s what’s going to happen. And I am
“Widow, Hawkeye, Thor, Hulk, hold position I’m going to go cover shellhead,” Cap said over the comm. Tony lifted the faceplate on the suit and started removing the gauntlets—he wouldn’t be able to do the work he needed with them on. Just as they were off, an alien landed on the roof next to him.
! Tony had no idea what it meant, but it shut them both up. The momentary silence was almost more painful as Antonella’s little gasping sobs were more apparent. The irregularity of the sound betrayed her attempts to compose herself.
“I’ve been expecting this conversation, Tony,” James said, moving to her table. Tony looked perplexed, but James barreled on, “and whatever you have to say, I know you’re right. I know—I know I shouldn’t have gone with Kate. I should have told her to stay home. Barring that, I should have kept a closer eye on her. I should have protected her, and I didn’t. I’m sorry.”
anyone. Her friends (though, really, did Jeanne
or anything—but—uh yeah. And I’m—I’m really strong now, like stronger-than-James strong. And I heal pretty fast. And I’m really flexible. And I might have some kind of precognition? I don’t know, my reflexes are ridiculous now but there’s something else, too, I haven’t fully got a handle on it—ok, please stop looking at me like that, that’s what I was afraid of—“
“What if I’m not strong enough?” she’d whispered after that. Steve could see her hands clutching the blanket hard. “What if—what if this is just temporary?” Steve knew what she meant. What if her
“The kid,” Tony said gruffly. “Peter. He’s too smart for his own good.”
“He didn’t answer my text,” Antonella said to the Commander as they rose from the table, though Tony didn’t see a cell phone anywhere in sight. “I’m just going to see if I can get a ping on him, ok?”
“Well, before you go just know that Norman Osborne is sleazy as hell, and frankly I have severe reservations about the ethics behind about ten percent of their projects. Also they suck,” female Tony added the last bit for good measure. She plopped her whole pile of paperwork down on an end table, to be tended to at a later point. “Are you sticking around for a bit, Pepper?” Double Pepper glanced down at her watch. Pepper was not surprised to find it identical to the one that she herself was wearing at that moment.
“You—you can have the bedroom, then,” she tried weakly. Steve shook his head.
“No more than Rogers here,” Francis said. Steve just watched this interaction, still puzzling out James’ overreaction. Was it grief? Or was it something more? Steve’s hand had slid back to Tony’s shoulder. Tony didn’t seem to be complaining.
“No, we know who has it,” alt Steve spoke quietly, a grimace on his face. “The last time I saw the Red Skull, he held the Tesseract in his bare hands. He—it looked like he disintegrated. I figured the thing killed him like those weapons and I didn’t think twice about it. But it just transported him, didn’t it? It transported him
Bruce got to work, doing what he did best.
to me. There’s a bug up your ass, maybe I can help you,” Kate said.
“It’s ok, ma’am,” Other Steve said. He wore a small smile, but it was one that echoed of sadness, and Tony’s heart ached for the man. He put down his newspaper and rose. “Excuse me, but I’d planned on running—”
“You’d only make it worse,” Tony hissed at him. Steve didn’t look happy about it, but, perhaps for the first time, he seemed to agree with Tony. He stayed put.
“It was safer that you
to my parties—I am
“Kate made it,” Steve explained. “She said you’d like it.”
His parents weren’t at the table—predictably, they’d been called in the middle of the night to solve some great crisis and were absent. The Alts were there—well, Tony, Clint, and Steve, anyway—but they didn’t count as parents. They didn’t seem the types to rat, anyway, and mostly seemed to ignore himself and his siblings. Peter figured they freaked them out, coming from a universe where their parents were both guys, and all. Peter shuddered at the thought of discovering a universe where—God forbid—
“What if he would have been happier not knowing?” Tony asked, looking into Steve’s eyes. He looked so panicked, so guilty. “What if I shouldn’t have told him? He was—shit, I think he was crying.”
. And sure, Kate’s got daddy’s super soldier genes and goes to—what did they call it? Avengers Academy? Some freaky school for wannabe superheroes? It sounds intense—anyway even though she’s got powers and training, and ditto for the James kid, Peter
drawing
Bucky was obviously scolding his friend, but Tony had no idea what was going on, but Bucky held open the door and gestured out emphatically. “Мы собираемся на прогулку.”
Peggy Carter, Steve. Grieve all you need to. Go to England and get closure, if that’s what you require. But I am not Peggy Carter, and my Steve learned to love again. You will, too.” She stood up, kissed her not-husband’s cheek, and left the room with her coffee and her Stark tablet, leaving behind, she knew, a shell shocked Steve from another world.
“Huh,” Peter said. “Well that’s weird.” He looked directly at Tony. “But I guess it’s weirder that Mom has a beard.” Tony couldn’t help but laugh at that. 3490 Tony just rolled her eyes.
“Headed to the middle,” Peter said, panting, into his comm.
They might actually survive this whole ordeal after all.
was the one doing this to 3490 Tony.
who ignored
“Eat your vegetables Gordon, come on!” said the voice. “Hey Parker, get a picture of this! Come on!” Tony wondered what kid had been elected photographer when he heard a familiar voice, much fainter than the other.
me is another story entirely,” Tony was ranting, she knew, but she wasn’t even close to stopping. Somewhere along the way, her rage had mixed with despair, and her despair with a very raw pain. She was vaguely aware of the hot tears prickling behind her eyes, threatening to spill over onto her cheeks, but she didn’t care. It wouldn’t be the first time Steven Rogers had seen her cry.
“Anything else?” Mom asked. The room was silent. She clapped her hands together. “Right. Let’s get started.” She gestured for the other team to leave, with her and Dad taking the rear and closing the door behind them. The two teams waited for a moment, slightly tense, before the scenery appeared around them. They were in a forest setting—there were trees to hide behind or use as leverage for moves.
!” Tony shouts.
Jamie nods.
unhappy.
“I mean, we’re all there, all of us. You, me, Pepper, Natasha, Bucky, Rhodey,” Tony retorts.
“It seems like the USO tour has done nothing for your ability to talk to omegas, huh?” Tony teases.
! And yes, yes, I know I’m culpable in that. I know I wouldn’t have felt like that if it wasn’t for my own fucking insecurity, but you
,” Tony snarls at him. “I have never, in our whole relationship, given you shit over the fact that you were a virgin the first time we had sex. Hell, it was a kink
Thunder claps high overhead, and the crows all flee.
thing?” Steve asks, gaping at him in disbelief.
“Shut up, you know you like it,” Tony retorts.
Steve covers his face with his hand. “Sometimes, I think I’m worse now than I was before,” he confesses.
Steve doesn’t go too far, rests his forehead against Tony’s, smooths a hand over Tony’s short, rough beard (he’d only ever been bare-faced when Steve had known him before, that boyish, twinkly look that he’d always had to Steve’s much more masculine, strapping look, a comparison that Tony had always resented but hadn’t been brave enough to actually vocalize with his lover).
Tony shrugs. “I’m a jack of all sexual persuasions,” he drawls. He crooks his finger. “Now, get that handsome body of yours over here, so I can do some exploring.”
She sounds miserable by that prospect.
“And then, a little while later, James came over. He was injured, bleeding badly, and he couldn’t go to the hospital. I patched him up, but he left his bracelet on the sink before he left, and Steve found it.”
He’s not brave enough to ask that question either.
“Amma, this feels itchy.”
Tony gauges his mother, the doctor, and the situation very carefully, and then, lowers his eyes.
“Wow, it’s like living with teenagers,” Tony mutters.
“You like being inside me, don’t you?”
James shrugs. “The only place that I could find when I landed in New York; they didn’t ask for ID; they took cash; they don’t ask too many questions. It seemed like a good deal.”
She sat up, balancing herself on her elbows. “Wait a second; have you been planning on this?”
Tony nods at him. “What are you drinking?”
Abraham passes him a file.
Crying would be wrong.
Steve is frantic to answer the phone nowadays, or rather, frantic to ensure that
Toni closes her eyes, getting ready to retort with something exasperated and disbelieving, but then, she imagines it, and her eyes pop open.
“Just watch the floor,” Steve advises, his eyes focused on his task.
“Where… did you get that?” Steve asks, his voice strangled.
Steve doesn’t reply.
He grips Tony by the jaw, his broad, warm palm surrounding his chin.
Tony smiles, a slow lick, hearty and indulgent. “Are you having blowjob fantasies again?” he teases.
Tony snorts. “Not really. His solution is to lock me up in an ivory tower until he finds an acceptable alpha to bond me too.”
“Three thousand. American.”
Steve strokes Tony’s side, his arm long enough to reach around James’ body, as he eases into James’ body, his voice strained as he asks, “how are you doing, sweetheart?”
James perks up. “Yeah?”
“Seriously?”
“I spend two hours in the gym every day, and that’s only because that’s the most that I can do, with all of my problems. I can’t do extensive cardiac stuff, because I start to get chest pain, but strength training works to a point. I don’t exercise while any of you are around, that’s for sure.”
brother. It is unseemly, the things that you say to me.”
Tony rebels against that idea almost immediately, at the mere comparison of James and Natasha, the woman who he’d been so convinced that was trying to steal his husband and destroy his family like he was stuck in
According to Zola, that would be a worse fate than throwing him into one of those gas chambers.
Steve startles under Tony’s hands.
“No, I understand plenty. I understand what kind of man you are, the kind of man that you’ve always been,” Tony replies, without missing a beat. “You killed him, because you wanted everything to kept on the downlow, right? There’s no way you could go through the system, no way that you could report him to the police, have him arrested and sent to jail. No, you all took matters into your own hands because you didn’t want to admit that you’d failed, failed to protect your children from a monster, and you hid it, you hid it all, including his name, everything about him, because you didn’t want to acknowledge what you did, because us remembering, us reliving it would have been an
“In the tower, you always had bouquets of them in your penthouse.”
“Yes,” Tony hisses, arching his back, a certain beauty to the curve of his spine.
“Yeah.”
“Three weeks later, you were telling me about your whole story, about being in the army, about when your convoy was crashed, and you being kidnapped and brutalised by HYDRA, all the things that they made you do, all the people you hurt because of them-”
But Tony is reluctant to leave Steve.
Tony breathes sharp and hot, and Hodge is pressed up against him, head to toe, his scent turning Tony’s stomach, clammy with lust and sweat, and there’s a hand nudging between their bodies, a wet, smacking noise of Hodge’s hand on his cock making the bile rise up in Tony’s throat, sour and bitter.
The woman turns to him and bows low over Tony’s hand, as all alphas do with omegas. “It is lovely to meet you, Lord Anthony. I am Natasha, Ser James’ wife, and an old friend of Lord Steven’s.”
Tony shrugs.
“Oh, fuck,” Steve gasps.
“And if SHIELD contacts me, I won’t tell them anything.”
Steve doesn’t flinch when he puts what he did to Grant in such blunt words. “You protected yourself, because you stayed alive, because you didn’t let him win in the end. You were strong; I misjudged your strength, and I apologise for that. I should not have treated you like a child, and I should not have assumed to know better than you about your own body, but I was worried that you were doing it for the wrong reasons.”
He even comes out in the field, in a remodelled outfit, still chucking the shield and beating up the bad guys, just without lifting tanks over his head or carrying girls on motorcycles – people don’t like it at first; in fact, there’s a whole petition demanding that Steve hand the shield over to someone else, that the government step in and end this ‘farce’ in case their enemies start laughing at their not-so-fearsome symbol of truth, justice and the American way; this sets Steve back a little, the surge of hatred that he experiences, until Tony reminds him that America was already ridiculous long before he came along, and frankly, he’s the only one giving the country any kind of class nowadays.
His glance rests momentarily on a large, heavy metal door halfway down one wall toward the settlement, bearing the words in German.
“I am so fucking furious with you, I swear. If you weren’t so good in bed for someone who didn’t have sex with anyone until I came along, I’d dump you in a heartbeat,” Tony insists.
“So, what do you say?”
“Ha, you’ll fix it. What do you know about fixing doors, city boy?” Tony demands.
“Look, to be honest, before any of this becomes an issue, I think James is still in a position where he’s coming to terms with his past,” she says, honestly. “It is probably not a good idea for him to be in a relationship yet, and I’m not even sure if you’ve had the polyamory discussion
Steve Rogers is a nightmare in training, unfortunately.
When Tony opens his eyes next, he feels thoroughly pruned down to his bones, like he’s been wrung through with water and left out to dry.
Steve goes completely tense. “What the hell do you mean by that?”
know?”
So, I feel like I have to warn you, because a lot of people are already anti Steve - you're probably going to find him a lot worse than you usually do, and make no mistake, he is an arse, but I think it really goes to the idea that Steve and Tony need therapy like crazy, and I need you all to remember that this will end with a happy ending, with a Stuckony relationship, so please, please bear that in mind, because it's the first chapter of like three or so where you're going to disagree with Steve and maybe even Tony.
“I know you are. I hope you know that… despite everything that’s happened, I have never questioned your love for the kids once,” Tony says, patiently.
“Oh, well, you know me, if I have some trashy magazines at my disposal, I’m all ears.” Tony pauses. “Why are you here, Cap?”
Steve blinks. “What fantasy?”
“I don’t believe you.” Tony’s voice sounds hollow.
problem; that sounds like a
“I’m horny, and you’re not helping. You don’t even seem like you want to have sex with me, not tonight and probably not ever either,” Tony retorts.
They make their way along the side of the center court, both of them straining to pull the chest. One Nazi stops directly in front of them, looking at them queerly. Steve doesn’t hesitate to knock him out with the butt of his Luger just as Tony is about to fire.
“I could wax poetic about your horse cock the same way that I would wax poetic about your abs?” Tony offers. “If you’re concerned that I’m only interested in you for sex, though, I feel like I’ve pointed out all of the non-physical qualities that you have that make me interested in you, but I could keep going if you want me to?”
“You’re a fuckin’ liar,” Steve spits. “You know, normally I take my time with my victims. I want them to understand that they’re the scum of the fuckin’ earth when their life leaves their body. But you, you’ll never be redeemed, and as long as you still walk this earth, there will always be a part of Toni that is afraid of you. I don’t like it when Toni’s afraid, Tiberius. I don’t ever want to her to be afraid. I just want her safe and happy, and she won’t be either of those things as long as you’re alive.”
“He’s tight,” Steve manages to say, through clenched teeth as a wave of strain ripples through his body, through all of that wired-tight muscle. “He’s fucking tight. It’s like he’s gripping me like a vice.”
“Nothing,” comes the reply from Steve.
“I’ll leave in the morning,” Steve tells her, in a low, rushed voice.
Tony gapes at him. “What kind of alpha are you?”
Fury lifts an eyebrow. “Is there any reason why you chose to do that?”
A dark, acid chill creeps over Tony’s body, seeping into his bones and into his sinew, leaving him shuddering, and he pads towards the lounge, eerily feeling as though he is approaching his own death.
“To begin with, I shall need you to complete this document.”
the next time around. And before I even knew what was going on, our clothes were hitting the floor and you were leading me towards our bed, and then, we were having really great sex.”
“Such a child,” Tony clucks his tongue. “And would you calm down? It’s going to taste like a cinnamon roll when he’s done. It’s good oatmeal.”
Steve hadn’t forced him into anything, hadn’t acted like the alpha that he assumed he was, had let him do what he wanted, and then, let him run away when he understood what he was doing.
Steve turns around and pads through the corridors.
Steve nods to himself for a moment, his jaw working, as he considers it. His eyes slide over the decrepit bar, and then, suddenly, Steve is reaching for Tony, dragging him out from behind the bar and sweeping him into an embrace that crushes his bones, keeps their bodies pressed together so close, so tight that Tony doesn’t know where he begins and where Steve ends.
“Oh, what was I doing?” Tony taunts.
“Tony? What happened?” Steve prods.
“He does not mean it.”
“You can trust me,” Steve says, earnestly.
Or maybe that’s just what Steve and Tony
Tony’s smile trembles just the slightest. “Just keeping you interested, handsome.”
care. I’m not staying like this. This isn’t permanent, Tony. It’s going to be fixed, and everything will be just as it was this morning.” He purses his lips. “Until then, maybe it’s better if we just…” he trails off, like he’s not brave enough
“No,” Tony says, stubbornly. “No, not unless you come with me.”
“I know,” Tony says, fondly, kissing him on the cheek. “But it was nice, right? Good?”
Bucky rubs his hand over his face. “Look, we’ll be back in no time, I swear–”
That night, Tony is once again in bed when Steve joins him.
Wanda’s face scrunches up in distaste.
“And just to be sure, that’s
Steve reaches for him, tangles their fingers together.
“Oh, yeah?” Steve challenges.
Phillips throws his hands up in the air. “When you invited a ninety-pound asthmatic onto my army base, I let it slide because I assumed he’d be useful to you. Like a gerbil. I never thought you’d pick him.”
“Oh, please, Rogers, I’ve heard your dirty talk. There’s no point in pretending to be a shy little virgin.”
Steve laughs. “Now, you know how I feel when you do this to me,” he says, slyly.
And now, James is here.
“She didn’t like it, to say the least,” Tony says, honestly. “She… you know, sometimes I think, sometimes I look at them, and I think that I do everything for them. I… I get them up, I get them dressed, I bathe them, I make their food, and I take them to school and pick them up and help them with their homework and I read to them and I share my interests with them and I take them to all their extra-curricular activities, but I still feel like they’d throw me over for Steve, even if he doesn’t show up, even if he doesn’t do half of what I do for them.”
Tony decides not to linger.
Tony flies down some stairs and starts to round a corner, searching for Steve. Suddenly, he throws himself backward, out of view. Three uniformed Nazis are clustered near a cabin door holding one of Rhodey’s men. Two more come out of the cabin trying to maintain their grasp on a struggling Steve. More Nazis clamber onto the deck and head toward Tony, slamming open doors, rousing pirates, shouting out racial epithets that make Tony cringe and rage curdle in his gut.
When Tony leaves the Stark Lands, Obadiah issues an edict.
“He’s already twenty,” Maushmi soothes, her accent still thick. “He’s not bonded, and there does not seem to be an alpha in sight. Maybe this would be good for him. He would be able to put himself out there–”
“Talk about my abusive father in an attempt to dissuade from my evil drinking habits,” Tony snarls, clambering to his feet. “It’s one glass of wine, Steve. I’m not wasted. I’m not even mildly tipsy yet. I was trying to get there, but right now I feel so shamed that I should probably just tip the whole bottle down the sink. And for the record, I am very much aware of the two little children sleeping upstairs. If they need me, I will go up there and I will take care of them. If they come down here, I will politely explain to them that wine is an adult person’s drink, and they absolutely cannot drink it until they’re twenty-one, and it’s the sort of drink that can make people funny, so you have to careful with it. I will give them an age-appropriate safe drinking lecture, so they know not to repeat my mistakes and my father’s mistakes with alcohol. Are you happy now?”
Steve lands in front of him, taking his shoulders. “I don’t care. All I care about is you,” he says, fiercely. “None of this matters. None of this changes the way I feel about you. It’s you, Tony. It’s always been you, and it will always be you.”
“She’s in charge of monitoring the bugs,” Steve explains.
Steve’s pale, big hand lands on his shoulder, just over the red strap, and his fingers begin to toy with it, pushing it from side to side.
Steve looks at him, awe in his eyes, awe that makes Tony shift in his seat in discomfort.
“There are always going to be assholes who do this to me, Tony,” James says, gesturing to his wounded front. “All I can do is be better and faster than them and limit the damage, but it doesn’t always mean that I’ll come away scot-free. This is just one of those times.”
He closes the door on his way out; Tony waits until the footfalls fade, and then, he spits out the pill in his hand, before moving out of the bed and throwing it out of the window, before he pops one of the Adderall and swallows it.
Miss Lewis nods.
“And your husband…?”
The grief burns in his chest, and he clenches his eyes shut, because he thinks he knows why Steve didn’t bite him.
“I did like the gnocchi,” Steve says, wistfully. Then, his face cracks open in a soft, toothy smile. “Okay, baby, let’s get some pasta in you,” he says, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders, dragging him in close.
The life has gone, the spirit, the blaze, all of it is gone, and all that is left is the flesh.
This means that Tony just has to get used to the new normal in his family.
Natasha settles back on her heels. “I never touched her,” she promises.
on the stove, when Tony appears in the door to the kitchen.
“But I’m not lying about this. She’s my friend, she’s a colleague, and she often comes with me on these missions, but I am not interested in her in a romantic or a sexual way, I promise you that,” Steve says, vehemently.
Much to Tony’s surprise and agony, Peter’s eyes begin to fill with tears.
The floorboards creak, and he spins around just in time to see Obadiah’s horrible face looming in front him, before he’s thrown to the rug, with Obadiah on top of him.
Judging by the way that Steve looks away, his jaw clenched, once he takes the glass from James, Tony has his answer.
These are all just facts.
“I don’t know what it means, and I’m not going to ask you any personal questions. It’s not my place, but…” Ms Lewis hesitates. “It does look like something’s… formed in their minds, about their family. I just thought you should know.”
“Did Steve kill him?” Sam asks, as if he believes that it is a most definite possibility.
“What were the drawings?” Steve asks, his voice hard, his entire posture held together tight like he’s afraid everything will spill out if he loosens his frame just the slightest bit.
“It was really great sex,” James says, wistfully. “You know, until you, I’ve never had sex before,” he tells Tony, “at least that I can remember,” he adds after a moment.
,” Steve stresses. “She sent them to me because she was concerned.”
Tony nods.
The room is as quiet as a tomb.
“Bucky is…” Tony looks between James and Steve. “Bucky is Steve’s best friend; they grew up together, back in Brooklyn, and then, Bucky joined the army. He… he disappeared while he was on tour, didn’t he?”
“Hey, no running in the halls!” the hall monitor shouts.
and you’d
Steve’s rhythm is just as hard as his, and Tony can feel it, feel it like an echo of all the motion from Steve’s hips right into him, like Steve, through James, is fucking him, like they’re all joined together in a perfect synchrony.
“So?” James shrugs.
She’s warm, and her skin is so soft, and when he tangles his hand through her hair, it feels like silk.
Steve rolls his eyes, just as he plants his hands on James’ shoulders, pushing him further down the bed.
“I think you’ll like this one,” Grant says, earnestly.
Steve’s face quickly mutates into something wounded and sharp.
“He’s not after us because we lied,” he moans, his voice sound like gravel. “He’s after us because we
Wanda shakes her head. “Sam will never leave the VA, and I wouldn’t want him to. He’s happiest when he’s working there.” She looks down at their still-joined hands. “You want to tell me what happened yesterday?” she asks, careful, measured, precise.
Steve shakes his head. “It wasn’t that serious–” he mumbles.
“I’m sorry?” he says, his lower lip starting to tremble.
Steve’s hand falls onto his shoulder, and Tony turns, a shout flooding up into his throat, until he realises that it’s Steve who’s standing there, limping, bleeding.
James just watches in silence initially.
“Of course, I’ll see you at work tomorrow?” Nat asks, hopefully, her eyes wide and luminous in her face.
“Tony, I don’t think you’re old, or that you are fat. You are still the most beautiful person I have ever met, I promise.”
He stands, all of that tall, muscled weight bearing down on Tony, always so precise and militaristic and structured, and a flicker cracks his expression before it slides away, and his face turns to thunder, furious, singular thunder.
“Yes, I understand that.”
“On your back, baby,” Steve tells him, his fingers winding around Tony’s ankle so that he can drag him forward.
Steve’s eyes light up. “Oh, that new Netflix show with the ballet dancers. Let’s go watch,” he says, excitedly.
Steve almost feels angry in his movements as he drags down Tony’s sweatpants, forcibly, leaving him naked completely, and him fully dressed. Tony’s cock is straining upward toward his stomach, erect and leaking pre-come freely over his belly.
“If I told you that, it wouldn’t be a surprise anymore, would it?” Tony teases.
“I’m your
Sam scrunches up his face. “Why?” he asks, gaping at him in disbelief.
Steve’s hand cups the back of his skull and presses him close, so their foreheads are nudged together. “Do you have any idea what I’d do if I saw you with someone else?” he asks, lowly, his own strength able to lift Tony onto his cock at the rhythm that pleases him.
A beam, coated in fire falls from the roof, right above Tony, and a warm, muscled arm sling around Tony’s waist, drawing him back against an equally warm, muscled chest just as the beam makes contact with the floor.
He looks at himself in the looking glass.
“I will,” James says, fiercely, looking between the twins. “I won’t ever let them hurt you again, both of you. I promise.”
Maushmi squeezes Tony’s shoulder.
His hand moves to the small of Tony’s back, rubbing soft, slow circles.
Steve groans and actually fists his cock. “Fucking slut,” he says, darkly, and thrusts the vibrator inside Tony’s body
Tony coughs, coughs and coughs, ending up on his hands and knees, but it doesn’t soothe the ache in his throat.
“What are you doing?” he asks, breathlessly.
This new revelation puts a crease between his brow.
“Yeah, pride,
“Oh, I plan on figuring out a sustainable way to time travel.”
Steve spins around on his feet and fake-socks Hitler on the jaw. The Fuhrer goes down, and the audience goes wild.
. How could we, how were we supposed to tell you?” she asks, a guilty, cracked quality to her voice.
Steve twists his head to look at him, and there’s colour in his face, and his face is pinched thin, like he’s in pain.
Steve sends him a flat look. “Tony, we’ve already talked about this, remember?”
She smooths her hair back.
Tony blushes.
“Bold of you to act like
“Fuck,” he moans.
“Steve, you didn’t fuck anything up. Why did you kiss Steve?”
carved into her chest. Nearby, a bunch of creepy schoolgirls jump rope to that annoying song.
His clothes are still dark, almost black, with dried blood, his skin sweat, and he looks up in time to see Maushmi sending her husband a worried, thin, harried look, like there needs to be more said to him, that Tony needs to be taken care of more.
Tony bows his head and promises in a quiet voice that he will uphold the honour and pride of his house, his family, his people.
“But you will be my alpha,” Tony points out, fidgeting before he decides that sitting down would be the proper thing to do – his alpha has already given his instruction.
“We already meet him,” Maushmi points out.
“No, I didn’t,” Natasha agrees. She hesitates for an agonising moment. “I’m sorry,” she says, honestly.
An odd little noise slips out of him before he can stop himself. “What?”
James casts him a long, measuring glance, his eyes soft and rapt, sorrow lining his face, like he’s never seen anything like Tony on this fucking filthy sofa.
Tony pushes out, desperately, and he’s on the shower floor, water still raining down on him, and Jarvis’ voice is booming over him, echoed and frantic, the loud banging of Jarvis’ fist on the door finally getting Tony to open his eyes.
They eat their meals together, but they don’t say a word, and then, Steve goes about his day, and Tony goes about his day, and they both retreat to different chambers at night.
“You don’t talk about him very much.”
Steve is eternally proud of him, thinks the world of him, thinks that he can do anything, genuinely believes that he’s going to make the world a better place. Steve’s face crumpled with emotion, tears dripping down his handsome face, when they got the twins. Steve let him raise the kids vegetarian, agreed to not have meat in the house because Tony didn’t want it contaminating his cookware, agreed to let him raise the kids Hindu. Steve never threw it back in his face, never made fun of him for his strange customs, like not doing anything auspicious or important for a certain one and a half hours each day, or not going out of the house in three, never made him feel like a selfish dick for wanting to pass that onto his children
