Dean in a cowboy phase that he never quite grew out of with Castiel as his sidekick in playground wars against Cas’ brothers- would loudly declare that they were each other’s Huckleberry. Essentially, it meant I’m your man, your best friend, your partner in crime.  Now, even at thirty-one years old, the adage was the same for the two men.
“Dean! That’s your brother,” Emmanuel admonished, and for a second Meg and Dean stared at each other, frozen, until almost simultaneously, they both started laughing uproariously.
“No. No, you had just dealt with the whole April thing, and I knew you were on the rebound. I wasn’t about to be that guy. It would have broken me. So I decided to wait. I mean, I wasn’t sure if you could ever look at me that way, but I was gonna try anyway.”
“They should know better by now,” Castiel murmured, letting his mouth slide further and further down Dean’s body, pausing to leave lovebites all over his skin. “Besides, we texted them,” Castiel said, pausing to kiss at Dean’s trembling thighs.
He and Castiel had met in Dean’s sophomore year of college. Dean was studying business at the time in the hopes of owning his own restaurant. Cas had been Dean’s tutor. Dean had been taken with him immediately, had even been foolish enough to think that he stood a chance with the English major.  Of course, the first month, he kept chickening out. He had no idea if Castiel was even interested in men; Dean was just hopeful the connection wasn’t one-sided. It was at some party that Dean had finally psyched himself up (also known as
The ride back to Cas' apartment was quiet, both of them lost in their own thoughts. When Dean pulled up in front of the cafe, Castiel quickly pressed a kiss to Dean's cheek, the lingering scent of citrus soothing and making him sigh.
Castiel sighed and scrubbed a hand down his face. It wasn’t that he’d forgotten, but the reality that he had to go down to the station to report himself as
Dean angled his neck, craning to get a look at his watch and try to gauge how long he’d been here. If Cas’ angel radio was working, he might be able to pray him an image and time frame for him and Sam to start looking. Dean couldn’t allow himself to believe he wouldn’t be found. Not when he finally had everything he ever wanted.
than content, Cas looked happy. Totally, unequivocally joyful as he wrapped Dean’s western collection and put them in the box open on the couch. And it was because of
"Let's get you guys in and dry," Sam said, clapping a hand on Dean's shoulder. He hid it pretty well, but Dean could tell his brother was shaken up. Dean plastered on a reassuring smile.
Ellen tsked sympathetically as she headed out. Before she could open the front door, it opened, and Ellen pressed a quick kiss to his brother’s cheek when Sam passed by her.
"Make that a cowboy hat, and you have yourself a deal," Dean volleyed back and Cas let out a huff of laughter.
“Friday after next, I’m going out of town with Jimmy,” the words were said in such a way as to defy comment, “I know it’s my weekend to open, but if you wouldn’t mind, I’ll take the next two in a row.”
Dean couldn’t see it, but Dean knew Sam was wearing his classic bitchface and Dean rubbed at the back of his neck when he felt Castiel’s gaze on him.
“Why are you being like this? I thought you’d be happy?” Channing sounded annoyed, and the look on Kevin’s face was comical.
“No need to be sarcastic, Castiel,” she said, testily, and he searched his brain for what it was he could have done to set her off this time. “I hope you had fun while I cleaned out the linen closet,” April said in that passive-aggressive voice she’d used on him since their teenaged years and Castiel rolled his eyes.
Castiel chuckled, and Dean ignored the shiver his whiskey-soaked voice always evoked. “Rude. I have an appointment with the realtor to sign papers on the condo, so I am just going to take the bus and wait for you back home.”
"She's a classic," Dean defended, and Jack's lip twitched in a way that made Dean think of Cas. "But he's right. Any car is easy to get into, but this ain't the movies where you cross the wires, and magic happens. Everything is computerized now."
As Alex reentered the main room, the man by the stacks gave a frightening smile before he was pulling out that ill-concealed gun. And when Dean jumped in front of Alex and faced the barrel head-on, he could only hope Claire had understood his message.
It hadn’t meant anything, of course. Cas had done it to piss off a couple of homophobes, but damn if it didn’t screw with his head a little bit to get a taste of what he’d wanted for years only for it to be for show.  He should have been prepared. Dean and Castiel had never shied away from making bigots uncomfortable. Like last year when they went camping in Texas, Castiel sat on Dean’s lap for twenty minutes in the small booth they had at a dive bar down the street from the campground.  He and Dean had overheard the assholes making fun of a young same-sex couple holding hands in the parking lot, sneering out the window about how disgusting it was. Castiel had raised a brow at Dean in question, eyes darting down to his lap and back up and Dean had grinned, patting his knee in invitation. Castiel had parked himself there until the men had left the bar, that slow-roll rumbling laughter of his bubbling out, making Dean feel warm all over, while Sam had let out a sigh of relief that there wasn’t a fight.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean said, moss green eyes flecked with gold sparkling at him, before they closed, as Dean swooped down to steal Castiel’s mouth in a deep kiss. He tasted like coffee and cherries and Castiel sank into the exploration, seeking out the flavor of Dean with his tongue.
Dean chewed on his lip, studying Castiel like he was under a microscope. “Or,” Dean said, finally, leaning back in his chair, interlacing his fingers behind his head, “you could move in with me.” Dean rocked back further and Castiel didn’t even have time to say Dean’s name before he toppled backward, with a hard thud and a muffled groan.
Emmanuel nodded, finally raising his face to Dean’s, cobalt eyes wide and vulnerable. The moonlight spilled through the curtains creating patterns across his striking face. Dean cupped his strong jaw, thumb brushing the stubble as Emmanuel’s breath seemed to settle.
“Cas? What do you need right now?” Dean’s heart broke at the listless look in Castiel’s eyes, brilliant blue dulled to a near stormy grey.  He looked at Dean and shrugged.
Alistair had wailed with all the bitterness of a Scoobydoo villain. Castiel half expected him to follow it up with a,
to him, saying that he had asked Dean about them when he first came to town.  Whether or not Cas and Dean were a thing. Castiel had held his breath in anticipation only to have Cole say Dean had told him, in no uncertain terms, that Castiel was only looked at as a brother.
Dean barked out a laugh. “Ha. Try the first of Nev-uary.” Castiel chuckled, sending Meg a charming smile. Dean rolled his eyes. “Tell Bobby I left paperwork for the Corolla on his desk.”
Castiel nodded. He did know. It was the same syrupy weight he'd felt since being on the property, hard to strip off, clinging to his entire being.
“Ooh, they have the best egg rolls,” Charlie said. “Sorry,” she mimed zipping her lips shut at Gabriel’s glare.
Castiel swallowed past the lump in his throat. Sam had flown in just that morning, and Castiel was extremely touched.
“I think I’m all talked out.” His voice came out gritty and hoarse and again Dean felt a fissure in his heart crack open.
"Cas, I'm coming with you," Sam said, arms folded across his massive chest in an attempt to appear intimidating. If his puppy dog eyes weren't so vulnerable and scared, he might have pulled it off.
There would no doubt be follow-up but for right now, Dean just wanted to do what Castiel wanted and take him home.  They took a quick detour to Castiel’s storage unit so he could pick up the few boxes of his mother —
“Taste good, Dean?” Emmanuel asked and Dean’s reply was to open his mouth in silent invitation. He began to feed his cock into Dean’s delectable mouth bit by bit, the wet heat of it punching a deep moan from his mouth. Emmanuel had to look away when Dean lips wrapped around his cockhead and sucked, otherwise he would have come all down his pretty throat right then. Dean’s tongue swirled, coaxing more precome to ooze from his slit. His hips began to thrust shallowly and it wasn’t long before Emmanuel was close to the edge.
“Of course it’s about you!” Castiel said, firm and rough. “ This didn’t just happen to me, Dean, it happened to all of us. My parents, your parents, Gabriel. My heart breaks for them as well as myself,” Castiel dragged his fingers from Dean’s face to his hair, massaging his head. “But it
“Well, as you well know, there were many deaths here. Much has been speculated on the how and the why, and I say speculated because tragically, there was no one left alive to tell the tale.”
“It’s not weird,” Castiel protested, looking devastatingly handsome in a denim blue button-down that had his eyes putting the sea to shame.
Emmanuel let out a bark of laughter that seemed to set Dean at ease as he laid his hand back down on the table and flashed him a sheepish grin.
“You. Just you,” the words were nearly a sob and Dean gasped when Cas’ wide palms clutched his hips and flipped him onto his back. Castiel’s trek up his body was fluid as he slid over Dean until he was kneeling between his thighs and caging his head with his forearms. Castiel bent down and nipped at Dean’s bottom lip, soothing the sting with his tongue. He didn’t know how long Castiel spent on his mouth, but it was slow and lazy, and impossibly deep, and Dean’s knees came together on either side of Castiel’s hips and squeezed.
“So. Tell me about Kaia?” he tried for casual, but her death glare told Dean he was way off the mark.
After some awkward finagling, Dean managed to release the cuff from his own wrist, then reluctantly attached it to the steering wheel. Dean was allowed one second to rub at the tender skin rubbed raw from the cuff, before Alistair demanded the keys to the car, pocketing them.
When Castiel growled, “Come for me,” Dean barely had time to gasp before he did, nearly sobbing with the strength of it.
“No, s’okay. Uh, my dad, he never wanted to stay in Angel’s Bend, he didn't care about any family legacy. John Winchester wanted to travel, he wanted to see things," Dean's voice held no bitterness, only acceptance. "I get that, the wanderlust. I take Baby on two or three road trips a year. Nothing like opening her up on a long stretch of highway in the middle of nowhere,” Dean’s eyes drifted towards the sea before them, and Castiel burrowed against his side, pleased when Dean leaned into the touch.
Dean frosted the cupcakes, thoughtfully, adding a thin mint candy on the top as an edible decoration. Dean carried the thought through to the front and placed the tray on the counter. Charlie squealed appreciatively, swiping the first one and licking a long strip through the tinted green frosting.
Watchful brown eyes studied him. “I don’t know yet. But I do know this, you fuck with him, you fuck with me.”
“Spill, Sam,” Castiel demanded. “Or we’ll break the no sex rule when you go jogging in the morning.” Dean barked out a laugh, totally on board with that plan.
“You never told me what made you start reading my books,” Emmanuel commented as he sampled his bourbon steak, humming in approval at the sweet and savory taste of the Whiskey marinade.
By the time they had made it to the Two Towers, they had taken a break to change, Dean letting Castiel borrow a pair of sweatpants and an old band t-shirt, that carried Dean’s delicious summer scent; woodsmoke and salt.
Castiel choked on his hit and Dean rubbed his back as he hacked repeatedly. “I knocked him out in college?” he finally managed and Gabriel laughed.
“I can come tonight?” Castiel asked, standing as well, as the first of Dean’s students began to trickle in.
“You were a child,” Castiel said sharply, though his eyes for Dean were soft.  “ I hear your voice in my head now, you know. When I sleep. I hear that little boy's voice screaming my name, and Dean,” Castiel struggled to maintain his composure, “you did everything you possibly could, okay? You have nothing to feel guilty over, I want that out of your head. Come on,” Castiel stepped back and grasped Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers. “ Shower with me and we’ll wash off this day, hmm?” he said with an arched brow that always made Dean’s eyes glint with possibilities.
grateful. We’re sharing a tent for the next week, and I don’t care what kind of honeymoon state you’re in, there will be no sex in the common sleeping area.”
Dean laughed as he tugged his tee-shirt over his head. “True. Though he is taking your parents out for dinner so we can get some
“Venison stew. Rich and gamey enough to hide an off-flavor.  I watched as they dragged our bodies out to the barn and set it on fire.”
“ You and your air quotes,” Dean replied with a grin. “That’s Jesse Turner. He’s a sweet kid. His family lives on the first floor. His Uncle Frank is the town Librarian and a conspiracy theorist. You always call him one of the
They were hard to make out, but Dean was certain that Gabriel was driving because it was definitely Castiel in the passenger seat. Dean wished there was a way that he could signal to Cas that he knew he was there.
Castiel huffed out a laugh. "If you ever want to do this again," he teased, before sobering up a little bit. "It was okay for you, wasn't it?" Cas asked nervously, and Dean gaped at him.
“Fill me so good, baby, please move,” Dean whined softly, then more loudly when Emmanuel began to thrust shallowly. The tight drag against his cock as he slowly slid in and almost out had him growling and hitching Dean’s right leg over his shoulder for a better angle. The new position had a delicious cry falling from Dean’s lips as Emmanuel’s cock started pistoning faster. Dean rolled his hips up to meet him and the room was a cacophony of skin slapping on skin and harsh grunts of pleasure.
“Better than the purple disaster that was our high school reunion,” Castiel said, earning a chuckle from his husband.
Was he that obvious? His face must have shown his distress because she immediately stopped teasing and reassured him.
It had been agreed that Castiel would open his presents on his actual birthday,  and the boys were eager to head over to the pirate ship ride.
It was only when Dean asked Castiel to set the table for four, did Cas realize what had happened. They'd added yet
“Do I even want to know what that’s about?” Sam asked Castiel when Dean went to prepare Ash’s hookah and order his coffee, and he just shook his head.
. Dean didn't care how much of a workaholic he was, cheating was something that he would never put up with. And so what if he wanted to work in a place that showcased his lobster risotto and garlic butter steak with scalloped potatoes instead of jalapeno poppers?
sign. They were close. Closer than Castiel thought, and he thanked God for the two-hour break that allowed this catch-up.
Dean went to the window and peered outside. “Holy shit! Is that a Viking? Those things go for ten grand!” Dean said, and Emmanuel chuckled, a pleased smile playing about his lips.
As they walked down the spiral staircase to the bottom of the lighthouse, Castiel reflected on how much his life had changed for the better in such a short amount of time. He finally had what he’d always wanted; an all-consuming love of his own all wrapped up in a stunning package of bowed legs and a tender heart.
Castiel breathed, shaky, and grin curling his lips. “That’s good to hear. I took care of that as well,” he said, thinking of the clean bill of health sitting folded on his bureau upstairs. Dean, Castiel was amused to find, had been surprised that despite what the tabloids would have him believe, Castiel was not a player. Most of his dates were friends of the family or set-ups by his sister that never went beyond a kiss on the cheek good night.
April had lain in their bed, biting her lip provocatively, as though she could fix this problem with sex. She’d risen to her knees, naked save for a pair of panties, and draped her arms around his neck, and Castiel found he had felt nothing but revulsion. Instead, he pushed her reaching hands away, and calmly asked for a divorce.
When he spoke, Gabriel’s voice was thick with emotion. “Yeah, buddy, of course. You guys have a great time, where are you going?”
“Yes,” Castiel said, “ in fact, it wasn’t until I saw you both that I realized that I had seen some of your videos.” Dean felt a tug of pride at how wonderful Cas was. No matter how ridiculous Castiel truly thought Bigfoot hunting was, he was curious and polite with Marv and Frank.
“Dean?” Emmanuel let his voice drop even lower; gritty, yet coy, and the effect had Dean’s eyes dilating. Pouring some cinnamon and sugar into his cup and stirring, Emmanuel pointedly ignored the irritated look that graced Lisa’s face with his interruption.
“That’s one way to sum it up,” Castiel said between guffaws, and soon Dean was laughing too. Dean held his hand out palm side up, and Castiel laced their fingers together.
Dean could hear the exasperated breath Castiel let out at his words, which was entirely unfair in Dean’s opinion. He was the one having his privacy invaded.
Emmanuel pounded into Dean with deep hard thrusts, pressing desperate kisses to the meat of Dean’s thigh. The hand not gripping Dean’s leg gripped his furiously leaking cock and began stroking in time with his thrusts.  Dean’s eyes were pools of need, and something deeper, and it was intoxicating.
firmly against that bundle of nerves inside of him. The mewling gasps that Dean released were becoming one continuous groan of his name.
Dean shifted, sitting up, knees raised on either side of Cas. Dean tugged him forward, gliding over his arms, skating over his nipples and lingering on the mole that Castiel knew was a favorite of Dean’s to tease with his tongue. His husband’s touch was eliciting sparks on Cas’ skin, and he moved to straddle Dean’s lap, letting out a deep groan when their erections rubbed against each other.
Dean glanced over from where he was helping Jesse Turner with his rotation and saw that there indeed was a pin stuck over on five. Dean jogged up behind the counter and flipped the switch to the back speakers so the microphone would call down to Benny and not up front.
"No, no, no. Can't you see it?" Castiel stared, hypnotized as the light from the low-hanging lanterns hit the man's short spiky hair, teasing out red, gold, and caramel in the burnt honey strands.
Castiel felt his eyes drawn to pictures on the entertainment center. There was a group photo from college featuring him, Dean, their friends Charlie, Jo, Ash, and Meg, and recent pictures from the senior camping trip to Hunter Springs State Park. He’d been having an internal crisis at the time, and that trip had come at the perfect time. Dean and Castiel and Charlie as chaperones stood, holding long sticks with roasted marshmallows, with a group of students in front around a bonfire. Dean’s favorite student, Krissy Chambers, was giving him bunny ears.
The doors opened up on a long hallway. The carpet was a dark patterned grey and high windows were lit with the midday sun that gave the illusion of being warmer than the forty-five degrees it actually was. There were gorgeous sketches of the city framed on the blush-colored bricks.  Something about the work seemed familiar.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said with a grin. “but after the Michael thing, we were stressed and keyed up. We hadn’t had sex since you’d been back and we're used to having that regular connection. We’d both been too beat the night you came home, and neither of us was in the mood once I’d told you what Michael said. Then the next night I had said I would fill in for Chuck and sing with the band and you had a final meeting with Crowley to sign some contracts before your break. We were so tense with each other, I knew it was going to snap at some point." Dean sucked on the joint and Cas watched the ember flare cherry red. "Then this waitress, some new hire of Ellen’s, slipped me her phone number, right in front of you,” Dean took one last hit from the joint, placing it and the ashtray on the bedside table beside him. “I don’t think she knew we were married but that was it. You dragged me off to the bathroom and ordered me to my knees and I was so happy that you wanted me that I didn’t even think about where we were.  Cas, we never even heard Michael come in. Creepy fuck must have been in there just listening. He was just leaning against the bathroom wall, waiting, when we left the stall.”
“What?” Claire asked, and Kaia’s gaze whipped to the blondes, and her eyes screamed stop. Dean put a finger to his lips, and Claire stopped talking. Dean took a deep breath and rose from the table. He plastered on a smile and faced his charges.
Castiel heard Dean’s sharp intake of breath at the words, and he let go of Dean's hand to slip his arm around his waist.
Castiel nodded and smiled reassuringly, pulling Dean in for another sweet kiss before letting him leave the picnic table.
“That unfairly beautiful man in the front row is my Husband, Dean,” Castiel volunteered when necks craned to see who he was laughing at. “Say hello, husband,” Dean glared at Castiel before giving a half-hearted wave. “It’s our anniversary this weekend,” he said, laughing when someone in the audience wolf-whistled and cooed.
Castiel would be lying if he said the powerful feeling it gave him wasn’t trippy. When they got through the door, and Dean locked up behind them, Castiel took the keys from Dean’s fingers. He tossed them over onto the couch, as he toed off his shoes. He looked left and then right.
Dean gulped in air as Castiel still held him firmly against his body, but Dean could feel the tremble in his thighs. When he finally let his eyes open, the naked desire flaming behind Cas’ baby-blues had him moaning and his cock giving a valiant twitch. Dean clenched around Castiel’s dick inside him, signaling his husband to take what he needed.
“You did not,” Castiel said, astonished, though not knowing why. The man certainly had the looks for it.
April had promised him, and he had felt grateful. It had always been the two of them, growing up. April had singled him out right away. For some reason, she wanted to be his friend. Whenever he tried to cultivate new friendships, things just never seemed to work out. But he always had April.
Castiel frowned when Dean looked away guiltily.  Ever since hearing about John's parole, Castiel couldn't help but notice that Dean had been distracted and in his head.  He wasn't hiding anything, per se. He wasn't emotionally distant with Castiel; in fact, his husband was as affectionate as ever.  He was just… quiet. Castiel wasn't used to that. His Dean was a loud, effervescent, bright spirit. Now, he was subdued. Still beautiful, still Dean Winchester, but it was evident that many things were weighing on his mind. Castiel had faith that Dean would open up to him when he was ready. Dean told Castiel not too long ago that things were better when they faced their troubles together.
“Our brothers,” Castiel said, taking a pull from his bottle.  It had been a few weeks since their month-long excursion to California. It had been everything they’d hoped. Time to reconnect and just be together. They had spent time in the beach house as they planned and it was fun; full of sex and swimming. Just a complete stress release. Later, they took a turn camping in the Sequoia National Forest and it had been an entirely different feel; spiritual and sacred and when they spent Dean’s birthday making love under the stars by the light of the fire, he’d never felt more complete.
Dean took Cas’ paper plate from his hand and tossed it in one of the trash bins, and Castiel chuckled when Dean immediately drew him to his chest. Dean nuzzled into Cas’ neck, and his heart melted when his new husband whispered: “I’m so damn happy, Cas.” It was a simple statement, but no less meaningful as Castiel felt the same way. He was married to the love of his life, and in forty-eight hours he’d be in a private Waikiki bungalow with Dean, with nothing to do but make love, swim and dine under the stars.
"How much time do we have," Cas' voice was rough as he whispered the words into Dean's ear before catching the lobe his teeth. Fairly sure his eyes were crossing, it took Dean a minute to respond, fingers clenching in Castiel's tee-shirt, as he gasped softly.
Dean thought that Cas was exaggerating just a little bit, having seen Eve’s eyes linger on Castiel’s phenomenal form more than once as well, which his oblivious husband denied noticing. In fact, Dean was pretty sure she saved her visits for both of them because she
"Dean, look at me, baby," Castiel said quietly, ignoring Sam and Rowena's muted conversation as they walked towards the entrance where Gabriel was tapping on his phone.
“Right? And I promise, Sammy,“ Dean raised his voice at the sound of footfalls coming softly down the hall, “he’s not a serial killer.” Dean had to force himself not to snicker as Jimmy entered the kitchen and cocked his head at him, confusion all over his handsome face. “Jimmy,” Dean said, pulling the phone from his ear and hitting speaker. “This is my brother Sam, please tell him you're not a yellow-eyed demon or anything equally creepy here to steal my soul.”
“And you’re sure you want to do this out here?” Castiel asked, archly.  “What if someone sees us?”  When Dean’s breath hitched, Castiel chuckled darkly.
“Castiel?” Jody called softly, and Castiel walked over to the Sheriff’s desk. “We can see the Library from the traffic cams on either side of the block. There have been no signs of movement.”
Castiel gave a barely audible sigh, and Dean looked down at him in concern. “Something wrong, Huckleberry?” Dean asked, warming when Castiel’s familiar half-smile tugged at his lips at the nickname.
“We’re both hot, let’s go make people jealous,” Dean said with a cocky smile that had Emmanuel tipping his head back in laughter.
Dean thought about it. Castiel and his boxy trenchcoat and fancy blue tie. Dean tried to picture him, sitting awkwardly on a sectional, seat creaking every time he moved, rustling the plastic. No, he couldn’t see it, and the man hadn’t given Dean any hints other than to say that anything Dean didn’t like, he was free to change. That, of course, had done nothing but make him feel like a dumbass kept boy again and Dean had made a promise to himself that any changes or additions he made to his new home would be paid for by himself.
Dean had apparently left the bedroom for last. Castiel’s mouth dropped when he entered. A long mahogany dresser sat against the same wall as the door, a flatscreen mounted on the brick wall above it. Most of the hardwood was covered in a soft, chocolate and sage, braided, floor rug. The back wall of the room held a king-sized bed with a high headboard that matched the dresser, with built-in cabinets.  The comforter was a deep rose and looked thick and soft and inviting. Castiel tried to imagine sleeping in the bed and for a second he could easily see himself, on his side, with Dean pulled tight to him, back to chest. The vision was so clear that he could only assume it was a memory.
After making sure to thank Benny and compliment the chef, they walked out of the restaurant to the car. It was turning towards twilight and Dean twined his fingers with Emmanuel’s as he drove back to the bakery.
“Well, I hope you don’t mind sharing because I am not sleeping on a cot and I am not sharing a bed with my burrito-assed brother,” Dean staged whispered and Castiel huffed a quiet laugh.
"I knew something was gonna happen," Dean said quietly. "Like, as soon as I stepped on the bridge. Everything was heavy, you know?"
“I have a summer’s worth of memories of you, Cas,” Dean said tenderly. “I didn’t start finally living, I didn’t fall in love for the first time in my life, because you’re Cas.  I told you, you’re still you, whatever the hell your name is.” Dean’s thumb swept over Castiel’s cheekbone. “Finding out you’re Castiel doesn’t negate your life as Jimmy, sweetheart.”
Charlie, they had found out, had moved in temporarily with Gabriel, which caused Cas to be bitched at, during all free moments of the day. Cas had begun teaching his summer classes and had university functions two Saturdays in a row. His TA Hannah was laid up with a broken ankle thanks to some morons on the T who stumbled into her as she was stepping off of the train, causing her to land hard on the platform. Dean couldn't even begin to count the number of times Dean had heard Cas complain over the next few weeks how incompetent her temporary replacement was. He was edgy, short-tempered, and usually didn't come to bed until long after Dean had fallen asleep.
“You're used to getting what you want, aren’t ya Cas?” Dean whispered between them. “Why is it you want me?” The sound of fear interwoven with the curiosity in Dean’s tone made Castiel’s heart ache in his chest.
he wasn’t going to like whatever this was that Cas wanted to talk about. He allowed Castiel to lead him out of the van and down the driveway to the Impala. Castiel opened the back seat and slid in, back to the door, one leg stretched on the seat, the other on the floor.  Dean climbed in after, shutting the door behind himself and cranking down the window, letting the warm spring breeze filter through the window. Castiel opened his arms, and Dean settled against him, back to chest. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, lacing their hands together across his stomach. He felt relaxed and warm, and he imagined it was why his fiance had decided now was a time to tell him what Dean expected to be, some unpleasant news.
"Doesn't this go against your classic rock only rule," he had to raise his voice, even though he was practically shouting in Dean's ear.
“Aw, come on,” Charlie said, sliding back into the booth next to Sam. “That’s future Sam’s problem. Fuck that guy.”
“Maybe love at first sight isn’t what we think it is. Maybe it’s recognizing a soul we loved in a past life and falling in love with them again.”
Dean chanced a look at Alastair, but the man seemed to be staring straight through them, though his gun hand remained steady.
"He's freaked out, Cas. Can you blame him?" Lily asked as she relit the joint they were sharing. Cas stretched out his hand and made a grabby motion with his fingers. He drew in the smoke, holding for a few beats before exhaling, voice rough when he spoke.
“Come on, Dean, don’t hold a grudge. I didn’t know what I was giving up,” there was a time when that pleading tone may have made Dean pause, but not now. “I think we could have something real and solid.”
Charlie and Dean made a stop at the local Aldi, knowing the floral department would have ready-made boutonnieres and corsages. The Valentineʼs dance was nearly as important as prom in Hunter Springs. Only pinker.
Dean carried his Yeti in one hand and his keys in the other as he jogged up the front steps to Winchester Lanes. Normally, he could never justify spending thirty bucks on a travel mug, but the damn thing kept his coffee hot for hours. It would be an hour before League started, so, for now, Dean left the lights over the approaches dark, only switching on the ones for the counter and back office. Even in the dim, the lanes shined with the oil, Benny having come in and put out the new pattern the night before. Saturday mornings were the only day that Winchester lanes opened early. Sunday through Friday the schedule was 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. but Youth League started at nine, and soon the building would be filled with the sound of crashing pins and chattering voices.
As though waiting for permission, Dean locked up, and Castiel could feel him erupt, come pulsing deep in his body, and coating his walls. Castiel moaned in satisfaction at the feeling, lacing his fingers with Dean’s and pressing them against his rapidly beating heart.  Dean panted into the nape of Cas’ neck as he clenched his ass and continued to milk Dean’s cock for all it was worth. The aftershocks had Dean trembling against Castiel, and as soon as he slipped free from his body, Cas turned to drape himself over Dean’s chest, burying his face in his neck. They were filthy and sticky and should get up and shower. Instead, Castiel tugged at the blankets with his foot, and Dean heaved himself up with a groan to reach down and pull them up and over their swiftly cooling bodies.
“Jesus Christ, Cas, you okay,” Dean reached for the paper towels, quickly and handed them off to his friend, bright blue eyes teary from his choking fit, moving from the picnic table to join Cas on the log seat he was settled on.
“That must have made for romantic evenings by the campfire,” Anna said, her happiness at these turn of events visible, and Castiel laughed as his father winked at him. Dean merely flushed and bit into a cracker and cheese sandwich.
“I don’t know what you mean, love,” Castiel said, and out of his peripheral, Dean saw Cas take the mug he'd left for him off the counter and filled it with coffee, before adding cream and sugar. Dean felt the familiar rush of warmth at the sweet endearment Cas often called him.
Dean licked his lips and when his eyes darted up to Cas’ they warmed with affection and humor. “Cas, you gotta know, how we are with each other… it’s not how most guys act with each other. Not without romantic feelings,” Dean cleared his throat, “But years went by, and you never made a move, you never gave any sign that you wanted more so then I thought well,  he's not into guys or that kinda thing in general, maybe he’s ace or whatever, which is fine,” Dean rushed to say. “I love you, regardless, and if you wanted a romantic relationship without sex, I’d have been fine with that too. In fact, I was gearing myself up to finally just tell you so, but then you got with Daphne, and I realized that it wasn’t that you weren’t interested in romance, it was that you weren’t interested in it with me.”
"No. No, no, no, no, stop, Cas," Dean gasped for breath on a laugh as Castiel's deft fingers dug mercilessly into his sides, tickling him. Dean's body twisted and arched as Castiel showed no pity and continued to draw uncontrollable laughter from Dean, only pausing long enough for him to catch his breath before attacking him again. Eventually, though, the feeling of his body rubbing against Cas' had desire flaring, and Dean was caught between recoiling from Castiel's touch and seeking it out.
Except for last night. Last night there had been something new. There was the usual shrieking laughter and campy music that was vaguely reminiscent of an ice cream truck and that blinding shock of sun. But, this time Emmanuel clearly remembered the press of small fingers clasped in his own.  A scared, young voice screaming,
"Log trucks," he panted when his chortles died down. "I never thought of log trucks. Not that it matters, since apparently the only way to my car means passing over the ugly old troll, who lives under the bridge, and apparently wants me dead.  I told you we'd somehow get trapped here," Dean scowled playfully at Castiel,  but his fiance wasn't in the least bit amused. Instead, Cas stood and glared out over the water, gaze still focused on the bridge.  His expression was thunderous, and Dean forced himself to rise as well, leaning against Cas, who slipped a supportive arm around Dean's waist automatically.
Finally giving in, he’d faced himself head-on. Castiel saw the laugh lines on his face first. His hair was still perpetually messy and dark but his deep blue eyes had crinkles that spoke of good times. He was definitely older but he found himself wanting to know this stranger reflecting back at him.
Castiel frowned.  His biggest pet peeve in the world had to be Dean talking down about himself, even in a joking manner.
“Tell you what, Cas,” Dean said, ignoring Castiel's remark and glancing at the clock. “ You run home and grab a sweatshirt or something because it gets really windy up there, and meet me back here at one o'clock. Jo should be here to take over for me by then, and we can go get a look at that view you want to snap so bad.” Jo Harvelle was a family friend and the assistant manager of Winchester Lanes.
“Is this weird?” Jimmy spoke up suddenly and Dean met his gaze to find the man studying Dean with a searching expression.
“Good things do happen, Dean,” Castiel whispered in the space between their lips, now a hairsbreadth apart.  Dean let out of a soft huff of laughter.
“What was all that about?” Dean shivered as Castiel’s husky voice murmured into his ear before he dropped a kiss on Dean’s shoulder.
"You're Leticia Gore, aren't you?" he questioned softly, and the apparition nodded, translucent tears beginning to drip down her sallow cheeks.
But that was enough. He guided himself out of Dean’s lips, smiling at the displeased whimper that escaped him. Dean’s lips were spit shiny and Castiel couldn’t resist, urging Dean back on the bed, and crawling over him. They lunged at each other at the same time, the kiss dirty and pure all at once. They sighed and hummed against each other as hot skin lined up against hot skin. Castiel wanted to taste Dean everywhere and a strangled noise escaped the man’s throat as Castiel’s palms traveled down Dean’s chest.
Castiel decided to walk the few blocks to downtown where the Huckleberry Hookah Lounge sat. It was nearing two in the afternoon. Dean would be opening in an hour. The lounge was open from 3 pm until 12 pm. There were no reservations, just first come first serve. When Dean had told him he was opening a hookah lounge, he wasn’t sure what he envisioned. Certainly not the chill, intimate space that it was. Leather couches in chocolate brown and cranberry were set up in four to six seater blocks on a black and white patterned floor. Lights were a dim, buttery yellow, creating a warm ambiance. Local artists works were featured on the walls with varying themes of fantasy to landscapes to graphic novel prints. Behind the central register,  framed, was a picture of Dean and Castiel at ten years old in their swim trunks and goggles, hands clasped as they hammed it up for the camera. Another photo featured Dean with his slung arm around his younger brother Sam on the day Dean first opened the business.
“Cas, can you say something? If it’s a dumb idea, just say so, okay?” Dean, looking more awkward by the minute, clearly worried he’d overstepped his place.
Dean remembered going through that next week in a daze. He spent a lot of time just being directed, doing whatever it was that Akobel, Becky, Chuck, and Cas needed him to do. Dean helped make phone calls, and he arranged hotel rooms for out of town guests coming in for the funeral. He picked up suits from the dry cleaners and made catering arrangements when Becky couldn't seem to decide between finger foods or pot luck.
It was the rest that had him nervous. The charity balls, the business dinners. What the hell was he going to talk about with the kind of people Castiel usually spent his time with? And how long until the novelty of dating a pretty, blue-collared mechanic wore off and Cas realized he’d manipulated them both into a relationship he only thought he wanted because he was temporarily bored of his own ilk?
“I’m okay,” his voice was sandpaper. "Just need a second,” Dean furrowed his brow as he studied Castiel to see if he was really alright, before nodding and standing shoulder to shoulder with Gabriel, hiding him from view.
Dean couldn't help it. He began to laugh hysterically. He felt eyes on him and knew he must look one fry short of a happy meal, but it was uncontrollable.
"I'm hungry, chef," Castiel said, drawing Dean's attention from the dark waters. "wanna show me what you've got?"
“Long day. Zachariah has us taking on this new account, so he’s foisting all of his crap on me, even though I have plenty of work of my own to deal with. Of course, there’s no financial compensation for all of this extra time I’m putting in, either,” Castiel grumbled.
“Yeah, well. Personal space has never been your thing, has it Cas?” Dean teased, yanking Castiel down into his lap. His lips curved up in an innocent smile that was too false for words.
When Castiel returned from the bedroom, he was dressed in his usual attire. A plain-clothes detective, Cas’ standard outfit consisted of slacks, a white button-down shirt, and a perpetually backward tie that Dean was always straightening. Which come to think of it, may very well be deliberate if the warm, amused look in Cas’ baby-blues were anything to go by.
"She's right, Cas. 'Sides, you rock the casual professor look," Dean said, and Castiel had the urge to kiss him senseless.
Castiel still wasn’t sure what was going on, but Dean seemed all too aware, and he firmly replied, “Without a doubt.”
Dean quickly made his way to the room indicated, surprised to see Castiel leaning against the industrial beige wall, chatting with a short man with golden eyes who was currently sprawled in a metal-backed chair, blowing a massive bubble with his gum. Castiel only rolled his eyes and gestured for Dean to enter the room when he was caught staring.
“Tonight, I want to make love. I want to open you up, and fuck you deep until the only thing we are is a livewire of bliss,” the words made him gasp and Dean reached out to clutch at Emmanuel’s hips, dragging him closer, until he sank and straddled Dean’s thighs.  Emmanuel braced himself on Dean’s shoulders as he edged closer and Dean adjusted until their cocks lined up, twin whines escaping at the contact.
“Not from you,” Emmanuel stated firmly and she lifted her chin as a flash of respect winked in her pretty eyes.
The shimmering Atlantic spread out before them, transparent and blue. The waves were choppy, rippling like shattered glass under the sunlight. The effect was enchanting, and Castiel was in awe. A seagull arched through the sky, it’s shadow dancing over the surface of the water and Castiel wasted no time in lifting his camera.
“I love the way you kiss me,” the sound was raspy with want and Dean felt his dick jump at the sound.
“Tastes perfect to me,” Dean finally said, almost wondrously, thumb coming up to press at Emmanuel’s slightly chapped lips.
"Worse part," Dean whined, and Castiel half groaned, half laughed in agreement as he walked on noodle-limp legs to fetch a towel from the bathroom. Dampening it with warm water, he cleaned off his sticky cock, then crawled between Dean's still spread legs to do the same for his stomach and dripping hole. Tossing the towel onto the floor, Castiel settled in next to Dean, allowing himself to be pulled into strong, freckled arms. Dean's legs and arms cuddled him like an octopus. Despite being warm and damp with sweat, Castiel snuggled into the embrace, inhaling sex, musk, and eucalyptus.
“Bang-up job you’re doing with that,” Jimmy bit out, and Castiel closed his eyes. His twin wasn’t helping matters.
“Well, it’s not like we bragged about the in-school suspension, Uncle Cas. We didn’t, like, tweet about it.”
Castiel casually shrugged, and Dean, who had been so focused on the man himself, finally noticed that Castiel was carrying a nice looking black camera, different than the small silver digital Dean had seen him playing with during the doubles league.
“Demon,” Dean muttered under his breath. “Don’t tell her I said that,” he warned and Emmanuel chuckled.
“I love you,” Dean whispered between the scant space between their lips. Castiel huffed a soft laugh.
“Really?” Castiel deadpanned, " Something like this?" and this time when Daphne laughed, it was richer, warm.
“Yeah, well. We know they are overdramatic, but that’s just to get viewers. Our evidence, however, is real. Now, Cas, can you tell us a little bit about what you saw last night? Oh, thank you, Dean,” Marv happily accepted a watermelon slice from the Tupperware container Dean pulled out of the cooler.
“Yeah, I kinda thought you were gonna say that,” Dean said quietly then sat up, startled when Cas let out a deep groan. “What? What’s wrong?”
There was an Asian inspired privacy fence that enclosed the left side and backyard of the house where there was a spacious patio with a brick fire pit for bonfires. Clusters of black-eyed Susans, daisies, and bee balm were lined all around the decent-sized yard, interspersed with dandelions and milkweed, which Castiel insisted stay, despite their weed status. -"
They had abandoned the idea of a bonfire on the beach, instead choosing to watch the fireworks from the roof-top garden. Any hopes of getting to act out any of his fantasies with Dean, however, were cut short when they all imbibed in copious amounts of alcohol and those that didn’t live within walking distance we’re forced to either call a cab or crash at Dean and Emmanuel’s. In the end, Sam had taken the couch, Meg had taken Emmanuel’s bed, and Emmanuel had wound up passed out on Dean’s bed, wrapped around the man like an octopus. He remembered being soothed when his human pillow had escaped his embrace, letting out a groan of displeasure at the loss of heat.  He felt the cool press of lips to the side of his temple and it registered that Dean was leaving for work. Emmanuel rolled into his side of the sheets, burying his face in Dean’s vanilla and sandalwood scented pillow. When he woke a little while later, he’d been hard, and allowed himself the luxury of jerking off in Dean’s bed, surrounded by his scent and filled with obscene thoughts of the man himself. He refused to feel guilty for indulging in fantasies, though he did wash and change the sheets.
Dean had heard of that case. The man was a real estate mogul, whose secretary had found proof that he was embezzling millions. When she threatened to go to the police, she was murdered. Dean had never heard anything about a son, though.
The crashing of the pins was jarring as Castiel walked through the doors of Winchester Lanes. He hadn’t been bowling since his cousin Balthazar’s twelfth birthday party. The air was cool and rich with the scent of popcorn, coffee, and hand sanitizer. The atmosphere made Cas immediately feel young again.
“You prefer running outside, but weather,” Dean said with a shrug as Castiel’s eyes scanned everything, feeling a bit like someone being shown an apartment for rent. Everything was beautiful and so much to his taste, and yet, it was unreal to him that he could have all of this and not feel at all connected to it.
Dean looked into the crowded convention room. The room was buzzing with activity. His husband and father-in-law were sharing the stage with a handful of other fantasy writers. Cos-players milled about the room as they waited for the Q&A portion that was beginning soon.
“With all due respect, Sheriff, that isn’t making me any less anxious. Just tell me what’s going on. Is it Dean? Oh my God, is there something wrong with Dean, Jody?”
Was Cas pissed at him? In hindsight, he supposed that dying so soon after Cas’ grand sacrifice was kind of shitty of him. Then again, if Jack had released Cas from the empty before Dean died, and the angel still hadn’t been to see him, well, that was even shittier.
"Plus, it's kinda hard to be inconspicuous when you're handcuffed to someone else," Dean said, lifting the hand attached to Jack's and giving it a little shake. He supposed he should feel grateful; better to be held hostage by the
Castiel had fought the desire to confront Dean right there in his office, to kiss his gorgeously freckled face, and push his firm body into Castiel’s office chair, strip those jeans off of his beautifully bowed legs and ride him hard as he spouted words of love that had been suppressed for such a long time. The heat that had flared inside of him at just the thought of it had been nearly overwhelming.  But, Dean was already looking so vulnerable that Cas somehow gathered the strength to hold off. They could talk about it later. When they went away, they’d find a stolen moment by a warm campfire under the stars.
Dean looked down at his clothes. He was wearing a black teeshirt under a red and black flannel and a green and blue Hunter Springs Technical High School apron, dusted in powdered sugar.
“Bartholemew was a mistake. He was just a mistake,” Castiel’s fingers tapped irritatedly on the table and Dean stilled them with his hand.
When they finally crossed the drawbridge and on to the path leading up to the grand building, the main door opened, and a tiny sprite of a woman drifted out. She moved with elegant grace, and her hair caught the afternoon sunlight, catching it on fire. Dean snickered beside him as they watched Sam outright goggle at the attractive redhead waiting to greet them with a charming smile.
“He doesn’t want to come back!” Michael bellowed, yanking his wrist from Castiel’s grip. “He likes not worrying all the time! He likes not being afraid.”
“Clarence?” a voice called out as the most stunning human on bowed legs scanned the dining area. He was tall, probably an inch or two over Emmanuel's own six-foot frame. He looked to be around the same age as himself. The man’s hair was a rich kaleidoscope of browns and when the sunlight streaming in through the windows hit it, the strands gleamed gold, caramel and dark burnt honey.
"I'm starving. You think room service is still available?" Dean's words shook Castiel out of his musings, and he cleared his throat.
They traded soft kisses before Castiel heaved himself up to retrieve a wet washcloth, gently cleaning the drying cum between Dean's cock and treasure trail before wiping away his own.  Dean chuckled when Cas chucked the damp washcloth into the bathroom, landing on the counter with a splat.
Dean had taken the Friday afternoon off, wanting to make a nice dinner for Cas, hopefully, give him a relaxing start to his weekend. A peace offering for the Adam debacle that Dean was still struggling to talk about. Dean had prepared a chicken pot pie that was ready to go in the oven even before Cas got home. He'd stopped at a Red Box and picked up a few movies his husband had shown interest in, and a book of mad libs, hoping to distract him with Chris Pratt and playful word games. Anything to lift the heaviness just a little bit.
“Anna and Michael were both found to be poisoned, “ Rowena said as they descended from the opposite staircase and returned to the foyer. “As were Lucifer and Ruby, but the state of decay of their bodies suggested that the latter died at a later date.”
He had woken wrapped in strong arms this morning, feeling more at peace than ever. Even knowing that after a quick breakfast, he would be off to leave the state for the first time since he was a child, Dean was calm. He credited it to the strong man holding him, hard lines of his muscular thighs and arms a warm and welcome vice.
Dean smiled up at Ellen Harvelle as she slid a plate of sunny-side-up eggs and bacon in front of him. He hid a grin behind his coffee cup when his Uncle Bobby whined at the egg white omelet and wheat toast set before him.
“Hey, Dean. Here’s your— you’re not Dean,” it was said almost accusatory and Emmanuel raised a brow at the tone.
“I’ll stay if you want me to but I think right now you need space to process.  I’ll be just inside waiting for you.” Dean watched Castiel take in his words before nodding.
The four of them wound up back at the open bar, saying cheers with a couple of lemon drop shots. When it was close to nine, Castiel excused himself to use the restroom, and Sam and Jo headed out with the other party-goers up the back staircase to the roof, promising to save Dean and Castiel a good spot.
"Thanks a lot, Lily," Dean mock-teased, earning himself a light smack on the shoulder from the redhead, while Cas was awarded a kiss on the cheek.
“As much as I’d like to see how this plays out, I finally convinced the youngest Winchester to come out and play tonight and I need to go make myself edible.” Meg’s sultry voice broke through Emmanuel’s day-dreaming when Dean made a sound of surprise.
There were no words after that. Castiel shifted, urging Dean onto his back, pulling out momentarily. “No, no,” Dean whined, his hole slick and quivering and bent down to give it a filthy kiss that had Dean letting out a filthy slew of curses. Castiel speared his tongue in and out of Dean’s entrance, nipping and sucking at his rim while Dean writhed underneath him. Castiel felt like he was on fire; he had never been more turned on in his life, he craved Dean like he craved air to breathe.
“What?” Dean folded his arms tight to his body as though to keep from fidgeting and a rasp of laughter escaped Cas’ lips.
Dean’s eyes widened and for a moment Emmanuel got lost in a sea of green and gold.  Dean seemed just as distracted and it wasn’t until the door chimed, admitting another customer that they broke their gaze.
“What’s up with you today, dude?” The tinny sound of his teammate and commander’s voice, the Queen of Moondoor, echoed in his ear as he munched on dry cereal out of the box. The apartment looked so empty now. Hard to believe that at the end of the week he would have a new address.
His heart was pounding, but he had to stay calm. He had to be like Cas. Cas would know what to do in this situation, and it wouldn't be Dean's M.O. of jumping with his eyes closed. Dean had to be smart about this. He needed to get him and Jack out of this with the least amount of damage. Preferably, no damage at all.
Castiel tugged on his bottom lip with his teeth, still so many questions swirling in his head. He settled on asking about his tattoo, ready to hear how he had acquired such artwork.
He had to get out of this. For Jack’s sake as well as his own. So he could bury his face in Castiel's neck and feel his strong arms around him, never letting him go.
He actually had the nerve to hold out his hand. “Leo Joseph Webb. A pleasure to see you again,” That cocky smile Cas remembered from earlier in the day graced Leo’s face.
"You did?" he could hear the surprise in his voice, and Castiel cocked his head at him, smiling sweetly.
That made sense to Castiel, considering every past attempt at watching pornography for pleasure instead of research had left him disappointed.
“I hate that we wasted so much time,” Castiel said, pulling back so his tear-filled eyes searched Dean’s gaze. Dean slid his hands up Cas’ back once more before bringing his hands forward to cradle Cas’ stubbled cheeks.
“Want you to fuck me,” Dean gasped up, surprising Cas as he surged up to sitting. “Want you to, but I don’t think, I don’t think—
“So. It’s true then,” There was disbelief in the cultured British tones, as Castiel stared up at a regal-looking redhead glaring at Dean in pure accusation.
“Okay, so first off, since fair is fair, my name isn’t Celeste. It’s Charlie. I work for Castiel as his personal assistant. Well, more like researcher. Basically, I screen anyone who comes near him or any of the Novak businesses. I swear to God, Dean, up until that day I saw you—”
Dean wanted to pinch himself when Castiel laced their hands together and led them off of the dock. Somehow sensing Dean’s nerves, Cas squeezed his hand as he tossed Dean a smile over his shoulder.
In turn, Dean was the one who held Castiel’s hand when he had to press charges against his first longterm boyfriend Isham, for an attempted sexual assault. Dean was his rock when Castiel found the courage to come out as bisexual to his extremely religious parents and his brother Gabriel. Dean and Castiel were each other's touchstone, they had a profound bond that no one could shake. Despite that, Castiel never thought he had romantic feelings towards Dean. Of course, there was no denying his best friend was beautiful. Mossy green eyes lit with gold, stood out in a nearly flawlessly symmetrical face, complemented with full pink lips and a dusting of freckles that covered his whole body. Dean’s hair was a kaleidoscope of colors ranging from caramel and burnt honey to rich, dark chestnut. That was to say nothing of Dean's body, a tall six-foot-one, on beautifully bowed legs with a broad chest and a flat stomach that Dean was sensitive about because of its slight softness.
Maybe it was hearing the words back, but Castiel found himself thrusting with abandon, the wet, slick sound of his cock plunging into Dean ass had him letting out high-pitched little
The truth was, he didn’t. Dean supposed he just needed to hear someone else say it. Dean looked over at his suspiciously quiet brother.
Dean’s tone was so vulnerable, Emmanuel couldn’t help but to press a kiss to his temple. “Of course not, Dean. God, I hope he’s out there, if only to bring you peace.”
“Oh, I understand,” Dean arched a brow. “Cas has never been a fan of yours and you were afraid that if me and him got together then your free ride would be over. So, what was your plan, huh?”
“A Spector moose is a super rare type of moose that has this weird color anomaly that makes them really light grey or white. People used to think they were Albino, but they're not. Their eyes are brown, not pink. Folks used to have sightings of them but back in the day, they were mostly written off as crazy. ”
His fiance, Dean knew, had risen at dawn, for his morning yoga and jog on the beach. The sheets next to him were cool to the touch, and Dean set his bleary eyes on his phone, resting on the nightstand. Snatching it up, he saw that it was just shy of seven, meaning Cas would be back soon.
Dean gave a painstaking grin when the attendant made an odd face. He imagined three grown—almost grown in Jack's case—men crammed in the front seat of the car when there was obvious room in the back was an odd sight.
"Have you heard from the station?" Castiel asked, drinking from the warm water bottle that sat in the cupholder. "Henriksen?"
“Novak?” Dean’s eyes widened along with his smile. “Gabriel’s partner and Claire’s uncle, then? Pleasure to meetcha, Cas.”
Dean found himself slowly walking up the steps to his and Cas’ home. He entered through the doors that led to the kitchen. Though Dean knew it was only in his head, he trailed his fingers over the yellow coffee mug left on the counter. He eyed the pictures of him and Cas stuck on the refrigerator and smiled, sappily.
Balthazar, Castiel's brother who had drowned, and then stuck around anyway to make sure Castiel was okay. The truth is, Balthazar hadn't crossed his mind, at least not his death. Castiel was too focused on Dean.
"Damn, Cas," Dean finally managed to say, and Castiel's chest rumbled with his laughter, feeling a little lightheaded and floaty. Cock softened now, he slipped out of Dean's body with a wet squelch that had them both groaning.
"Well, I'm sorry my lack of sex drive has been putting you out," Castiel said sarcastically, "I'm sorry my grief has been such an inconvenience to you."
“You guys are so gross,” the mock exasperated tone of Charlie’s voice had him dragging his eyes reluctantly from Dean at the bar. “I swear, you guys have always been a little extra with the PDA, but I swear, since you guys came back from vacation, it’s like you’re magnets, always looking, always touching.”
“Do you have to be so crass? No. I am not ‘hitting that’ yet,” Castiel said, and Gabriel rolled his eyes at his use of finger quotes. “We are taking it slow. Getting to know each other.”
“Hey, get a room,” Sam’s loud voice didn’t even filter in until he felt a booted foot kick at him under the table, although Dean’s abrupt yelp of pain against his lips told Castiel that he had received the brunt of it.
“You better not be hinting at what I think you’re hinting at, Cassie. You know me better than that.”
A puzzling juxtaposition. A person healthy in body and weak in spirit. The way Castiel would be if anything happened to Dean. Vulnerable to the point where he wouldn't care what happened to his body if Dean was gone.
"Do you know how I knew Jackie here was going to be joining you today, Mr. Winchester?" Alistair said conversationally, though every line of the man was rigid. "I work at the school. They really should vet better. No one pays attention to the custodians, do they? Who pays attention to the man cleaning up puke and unsticking gum?"
Castiel could see that Dean was nervous too. It was in the tight grip he had on the steering wheel, moonlight highlighting the stark white knuckles. Castiel slid over the bench seat, until they were pressed thigh to thigh. Castiel smoothed a hand down Dean’s pant leg to rest on his knee. He turned and brushed his lips against the shell of Dean’s ear.
“Jimmy,” Dean called out, laying a hand on the man’s arm softly. “C’mon, sweetheart, wake up now,” Dean was afraid to shake him awake, not wanting to make it worse. Dean lurched back just in time as Emmanuel surged up, just missing being clocked in the face by Emmanuel’s head, blue eyes opening as he gasped Dean’s name again.
Castiel thought it was a little weird, but sweet, and it’s not like that wasn’t exactly what had happened.
Dean’s arm reached back, fisting into Castiel’s hair as he tugged. Castiel took the hint, leaning down again to claim Dean’s mouth in a filthy kiss that was more tongue than anything else. Slotted against each other, Castiel felt complete; at home, and the feeling of being so in sync physically and emotionally brought tears to his eyes.
“Well, what do we have we here, boys?  Stargazing? Seeing galaxies in each other's eyes and all that?” Meg leaned against the door jam, eyes twinkling wickedly.
"Dean, please," Castiel implored, coming to stand before Dean at the base of the stairs. Head tilted as Cas looked down at him, his stormy blue gaze searing into Dean's, and he wondered if Castiel could see his internal struggle in his own green depths. Could Castiel see that his voice was trapped?
“The job that you called me up to complain about? Come on, Castiel, you can be an accountant anywhere. Or don’t. You have money from the house, now. You finally have time to think about what
into Dean’s mouth when he couldn’t stop himself from pressing his mouth to Castiel’s, pink lips softer than their chapped appearance would lead you to believe. Dean drew back, and Castiel observed him with an amused expression
Benny snorted out a laugh. “What game? Jimmy annihilated everyone. Thank God I was on his team. You’d think this guy had commanded armies or something.”
“You’re Leo?” His tone was deathly calm, but Dean wasn’t fooled. He could feel the undercurrent of the storm the simple question hid.
Meanwhile, Dean had taken on a new part-time hire at the shop, a college kid named Adam Milligan; a kid who it turned out, was the bastard child of one John
“That’s great, Cas,” Sam said, shooting Dean an encouraging smile. “Been sketching?” Sam reached over and grabbed the pad off of the table.
"We've been in these clothes since Saturday morning, I'm sure they have something we can change into," Dean said as they walked through the elegant lobby. They wound up buying a couple of tee-shirts and pairs of sweatpants to sleep in and ride home in in the morning.
He swallowed Dean’s breathless laughter as Castiel easily overtook him, pressing him against the wall in the hallway. Dean, and his mischievous smile and perfectly hard length against his body. There was nothing like the matching strength of a man, the hard planes of muscle that told Castiel he didn’t have to be delicate unless he wanted to. Unless Dean wanted him to.
Dean had been just in time to witness a tall, clean-shaven man with dark hair shoot a pretty young blonde woman with a silencer. Dean had gasped, unable to stop the sound from bubbling out of his throat, and he’d nearly thrown up when the man’s eyes whipped to Dean’s at the entrance of the alley. Dean was positive the man was about to raise his hand when he was distracted by the sound of sirens. In that split second, Dean seemed to realize his life was in danger. He’d run out of the alley and into the first open door he could find and into a large warehouse. It was near the docks, and the scent of boat engines was strong, but when he slipped inside the cool warehouse, he could smell a hint of coffee. Hulking behind an old Lincoln Continental, Dean felt a pinch; Dean tried to stumble away, heard a vague warning before he stumbled over a pallet, falling forward, head catching the metal frame. Startling when he saw the presence behind him. There, a bright flash of pain had him seeing stars, then nothing at all.
Dean stood back as Nurse Masters checked Castiel’s vitals. He’d been slowly coming to wakefulness over the past twenty-four hours, his eyes unfocused and drifting back to sleep, until now. Castiel was finally awake and staying awake and Meg, as Nurse Masters had told Dean to call her, had paged Doctor Roche and inclined the hospital bed so that he was sitting up.
So, they kept busy. They spent a lot of time going through pictures and watching the home videos that Gabriel had brought over.  They visited an Apiary that Cas fell in love with. One night they went bowling and just yesterday they’d had a beautiful day at Salt Harbor Beach with Sam, Charlie, Lisa, and Benny; Meg and Gabriel were unfortunately stuck at work.
Sam let out a sigh of relief, and Gabriel clapped him on the back. "We're sorry, Rowena," Sam said with a smile at Dean.
The Sheriff gave an undignified snort. “She’ll wind up paying a hefty fine, but it will keep her ass out of jail.”
On Sunday he stayed up until he couldn’t keep his eyes open, hoping when he passed out, he would be too tired for nightmares.
tight,” Emmanuel dropped his forehead to Dean’s as he gritted his teeth to keep from coming too soon.
Castiel took his coffee into the living room, pausing on the way to pick up the mail piled on the floor in front of the mail slot.  He felt like he was walking through syrup. His limbs were weighted and heavy. He supposed nearly a week of being in a nearly prone position was bound to do that to you. Castiel could see the layer of dust on his bookshelf and the entertainment center, motes floating in the beam of light coming through the window.
Emmanuel didn’t even realize he was crying until a teardrop splashed onto the photograph. Destroyed, he blinked, registering Dean’s presence and concerned voice.
It occurred to Castiel that he and Dean were staring at one another, both observing, and what was odder, how
Laughter rumbled out of Dean, and Castiel felt his lips kick up in a smile. Finishing his coffee, Castiel decided to set up the pop-up tent, so they could move the cooler and the rest of the equipment inside of it when Dean was done cooking their breakfast.  Castiel dug out the camp plates and utensils and the small bin they would need to carry them to the bathhouse for clean up when they were finished eating.
It was a trip, seeing Benny again. Twenty years was a long time. They’d been high school seniors, seventeen and fresh-faced the last time they’d been in each other’s presence. Dean hadn’t realized that Benny and Meg had kept in touch over the years. She’d been a year behind them in school and was responsible for this surprise reunion. Dean leaned back against the counter, arms folded, as he listened to his old friend talk about his travels over the years.
Dean no longer heard the echo over the water or the small creatures skittering through the trees. All he could hear was the harsh pants of Castiel above him and the rough sound of himself stripping his cock, a little dry, but too fucking turned on to care.
Dean had kindly taken Cole into their home when he lost his job because that’s just who Dean Winchester was. Always there for a friend who was down on his luck. Cole Trenton,  who Castiel had foolishly told about his plans to confess his feelings for Dean, in an attempt to ‘bond’ with the man and make Dean happy. It was Cole who had told him, who had
Castiel didn’t like feeling baby-sat, and Dean’s overprotectiveness over the last two years had earned him a night on the couch more than once. Although Castiel always wound up dragging Dean back to bed in the early hours of the morning, finding it hard to sleep without his fiance by his side. After living together for more than a year and a half now, even their arguments had a routine.
If that wasn’t tragic enough, in a cruel twist of fate, Dean’s younger brother, Sam, lost his fiance Jessica a few years ago in a dorm fire.
“First off, if you don’t get in the shower first, you will be late. Dean treats every shower like his own personal rock concert.”
“Dean, you playing?” Charlie asked, voice bright and unable to not draw a smile from him. She was a sweet kid. Yes, she may have been an adult but Dean reckoned anyone nearly a decade younger than himself was considered a baby in his book.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. I am hopeful that being here is just what I need to trigger my memories into coming back.” Dean smiled at Cas’ words, where he sat perched on the arm of the sectional.
Dean tried to picture it, Sam and Cas trying to get him from the manor to the car, and found himself laughing.
“You know it’s like seventy-five degrees out, right?” Dean called out teasingly from his open door as he stripped off his short-sleeved Henley and jeans for his well-worn
“Let’s call it Linner,” Castiel said sagely and Dean huffed out a laugh, pressing a kiss to Cas’ temple.
He couldn’t explain what came over him. Just seeing that cocky smirk on Leo’s face, as if what he had done to Dean was just a big joke. Castiel could only hope that Dean wouldn’t see him as some jealous neanderthal. Cas glowered up at the TV when he saw Trump’s face filling the screen, and wondered if it would be inappropriate to ask them to change it to the Food Network.
On Friday evening, Emmanuel sat on a panel of other science fiction and fantasy writers and took questions. Dean had sat in the audience with Emmanuel’s manager Hannah, who had been so happy to meet him she’d introduced herself with a hug, not believing that the vagabond author had finally settled down. It had caused both of them to blush, not only because their relationship was so new but also because what she said was true. They were settled. Dean knew in his heart that Emmanuel was it for him and that steadied him in ways he never could have foreseen.
Dean decided not to give Castiel a choice; instead just packed his clothes in a duffle bag while he snored away, utterly unfazed by the sound of Dean pulling open drawers. Saturday had not come fast enough, with Castiel back to being quiet and withdrawn. Dean didn’t know what was going on, but he sure as hell hoped this short trip away would help.
As Dean climbed the stairs to his apartment, his thumb swiped the phone open, and Dean scrolled through his contacts, immediately finding the new addition.
Castiel didn’t hesitate to go to him, standing behind Dean’s chair and draping himself over the back of his shoulders. Dean whispered a broken apology and Castiel shushed him, gently.
As they sailed through the toll, Dean's thoughts once again turned to Cas. He imagined him, somehow, not far behind, blue eyes fierce and face set with determination. Dean ached for him, praying for this nightmare to be over.
“Just after eight, sunshine. For once, I was up before you. Captain health nut over here already took a jog around the whole campground.”
Winking at Dean across Baby's hood, Castiel answered, voice high and nasal: "Ghostbusters, how may I direct your call?"
Dean laughed and resisted. “They’re gonna be pissed,” he said, referring to their folks. Dean went to tug Cas back in the direction of the ship, figuring that waiting there was their best bet.
"Do you feel them now? Or the woman? You see her out here?" Dean asked, his neck craning out the rolled-down window and seeing nothing. Castiel shook his head in the negative before blowing out a large plume of smoke.
Dean held his breath as Leo foolishly held out his hand, “Leo Joseph Webb. A pleasure to see you again.”
Though the shop had only been open for an hour or two, Emmanuel knew that Dean had been there since nearly five am. The fact that
, and she had a immediately offered to be Castiel’s bowling partner (and new best friend) when Gabriel and Chuck were drafting him to the league one morning after church. Charlie was a web designer for most of the town’s local businesses. She was also a self-proclaimed nerd and the Queen of moons, in a live-action role-playing game set in the fantastical land of Moondoor.
An exaggerated cough snagged Dean’s attention for a moment and Castiel glowered. “Excuse me, can I—”
“Well, maybe not exactly like this,” she conceded with a blush. “But something in the back of my mind kept saying
Castiel gave him one of his soft smiles, the kind that made him feel all melty inside and he shook it off.
“Is there anything you can’t do?” Castiel teased, enjoying the light-hearted look that came into Dean’s green and gold-flecked eyes.
“Are you playing too? Castiel inquired, lifting his head to look into Dean’s green and gold-flecked eyes.
“But I think you’re supposed to stay for the whole thing,” Dean continued, with a soft apology in his voice. “Sam, he stayed for the whole shebang until he was yawning so much, the guests insisted
Dean; to have those gorgeous eyes look at him with love and heat and devotion. Castiel wanted it so badly he could taste it; he could feel it in every line of his body that was screaming that this man before him was
Castiel huffed, and Dean smiled into his pillow when the bed shifted, signaling Cas was getting up. Of course, as soon as he left, Dean couldn't fall sleep.
Dean raised a shaky hand and pushed it through Castiel’s dark hair, watching as the sun streaming in from the window teased out shades of red and gold in the angel’s hair.
“Dean,” Castiel protested, heart aching at the thought of Dean’s unnecessary grief. “You knew my relationship with Daphne wasn’t that kind of relationship. Hell, you yelled at me for it, for selling myself short,” he pointed out, and Dean nodded.
“No— ” Emmanuel looked down at the nametag on the shorter bearded man before him, “Aaron. I’m his boyfriend. How much do we owe you?”
“I’m not worried, I’m annoyed. Damn moose is always on me about being on time, and where is he now?”
“So you moved all the way to California so you wouldn’t have to see me and we could preserve our friendship,” Castiel’s voice was thick with regret. “We’re both at fault. I should have known. I should have pushed you more for a real reason why you needed to start this whole new life, three thousand miles away. This whole thing, our situation, it’s just as much my fault as it is yours.”
The small crowd that had gathered at the sound of sirens and the cuffed man screaming on the ground had finally been dispersed.
They would have to stop soon, Dean thought as he shifted, the movement causing Castiel to snuffle adorably.  He’d been driving for nearly six hours non-stop and he wasn’t in his twenties anymore. Dean needed to stretch his legs and use the bathroom. They were in Nevada, close to Lovelock, and he knew there was a diner right on the edge of town they could hit before he caved and let Sammy take the wheel while he took a turn stretched out in the back.
The end of May gave Dean a month. It gave him a month to either talk Castiel out of it or research until he knew the case backward and forwards. Seeing as how he could never talk Cas out of doing anything, Dean foresaw a lot of reading in his future.
“Alright, alright, enough stalling. Tell us what’s going on with you. Is it something to do with Jo?”
There was a moment of silence on the other side, while Dean internally freaked out on whether or not to demand answers or to hang up the phone and turn off his wi-fi.
Castiel took a breath and turned to face Dean. It pained him to see the vulnerability in his best friend’s eyes, and the defensive stance in which he held himself, arms folded tightly across his chest.
Dean was waiting for him in the cafe, looking as delectable as ever in a pair of black jeans and a short-sleeved maroon tee-shirt. A khaki green flannel was tied around his waist, and black combat boots completed the look. Castiel didn't hide his lustful gaze as he drank Dean in, enjoying the flush that climbed his freckled cheeks and the shy pride in his moss-green eyes.
The rest of their time in Allagash was relaxing and uneventful.  To Castiel, it seemed like they had just arrived when it was time to head back home.  Sam, though still nervous about what effects his break-up with Jo were going to have on specific areas in his life, seemed eager to get back to Palo Alto. Dean had told Sam he would need to get a storage unit for most of his furniture, which the younger Winchester was fine with. Sam said he didn’t plan on staying any longer than necessary, especially with Castiel and Dean both in the honeymoon phase of their new relationship.
"Sam," Castiel tried for patience as he leveled his brother in law with a calm look. "I need you here. I need you where you are at your best. Research. I need to find out where Alistair is taking Dean; I need to find out
Charlie giggled, then quickly threw her arms around Dean's neck. "I'm glad you're okay," she said, kissing his cheek. Castiel sent her a soft smile when she paused to wave at him on the way out the door.
"Sounds like a plan," Castiel agreed, with another kiss to Dean's addictive freckles, before getting up and dragging his husband out of bed to the bathroom.
"This is nothing like the Balthazar situation," Castiel said, agitatedly, picking up his drink.  It was lukewarm now and made him wince when he sipped. He hoped Charlie brought him back a refill.
The ironic thing was that over the first two years of college he tried to follow her advice, yet every time he approached someone he was interested in, it never worked out. April, on the other hand, seemed to have no problem exploring the freedoms that college offered her. Sometimes Castiel forgot they were ever together. If he was in love with April, shouldn’t he have felt
"Well," Castiel said, squinting up at the sun as he inhaled again, voice tight with smoke when he continued, "he feels better now that I agreed not to sleep there. Dean insisted that we stay at a nearby hotel. Even if we're investigating until 2 am. "
Dean stretched out across the seat as best he could and closed his eyes. A smile tugged at his lips when
"Charlie and Meg are going to know, aren't they?" Castiel asked, and Dean chuckled before leaning in for one last kiss.
“Don’t be mean to the guy bearing bread,” Gabriel said as he shoved the loaf into Dean’s hands, Sam following behind with an amused expression.
A stunning woman with long blond hair that hung in ringlets down her back regarded him with cold, blue-eyes, feline in their shape. He felt a sharp pinch in his arm and cursed the warm weather and his lack of flannel.
Castiel, Dean had learned, could sleep anywhere at any time. Despite it being only one in the afternoon, Castiel had nodded off almost as soon as Baby’s tires hit the open road. Cas was slumped in his seat, head leaning heavily against Dean’s shoulder, letting out soft little snores. The sounds of Sister Christian belted over the radio, not bothering Castiel’s slumber in the slightest.
Castiel angled his head back; brow arched in a haughty way that let Dean know that that explanation wasn’t nearly informative enough. He was denied elaboration, however, as they had now reached Garth.
“Sam…” Dean started, but his brother cut him off with an icy glare. “C’mon, Sammy, don’t be like that.”
"Eighty dollars later," Dean griped as they rode the elevator up to their suite and Castiel huffed out a laugh.
The fallout from the demise of Castiel and Daphne’s marriage was remarkably minimal. Minimal in the fact that Castiel’s parents no longer wanted to see him, end-of-story.  Castiel had not heard from either of them since the night he and Daphne set their parents down to dinner and explained their situation. They'd left before the first course. His father had written him off as an embarrassment to the family, and his mother, a disappointment to God.
?” Dean asked in a strangled whisper, and Castiel found himself shaking with laughter. He loved stoned Dean.
“Alright, calm down,” Dean said, a light flush still visible in the twilight. “Let’s find someplace to eat, then you can take over. You find us a hotel yet while you were watching those informative videos?”
“Holy shit, Cas. So what did she do, pretend to have a miscarriage?” When Castiel merely rose a brow, Dean whistled. “That is some epic soap opera bullshit right there, Cas.”
“No one should be as beautiful as you, yet here you are,” Dean praised and he looked at Castiel in awe as Dean’s words seemed to trigger Cas into orgasm; his breath catching on a high-pitched whine that Dean desperately wanted to hear again. The thick ropes of come that pumped out of Cas’ gorgeous cock made the slightly dry friction so much slicker as Dean stroked him through his release.
“Yeah. Yeah, we were pretty lucky. That first month after he was gone I snuck into Castiel’s bedroom every night. It was like, like I thought if I could just wake up in his room, then it would all be a dream and he’d be there next to me,” Dean sniffed and pinched the bridge of his nose as he gathered his emotions.  Emmanuel kept his hand locked in Dean’s, but rose from his chaise to join Dean on his, carefully easing down next to him.
“Last season Garth Fitzgerald gave himself a concussion trying to get a ball out of the gutter. Took one step and
plural and the woman who runs the information center.” The campground had a first-aid booth and a small information center that also sold bundles of wood and ice.  “ I just asked if they’d heard what happened at Spector Moose and if they ever heard any stories like that here,” Sam shrugged. “She laughed, asked if I was one of those fools filming a documentary,” Sam said, and Dean snorted.
"Come on, let's get you a glass of water; otherwise, you'll be crying when all the singing at church turns your hangover headache into a migraine."
"That was a pretty good answer, Cas," Dean said, pressing his brow to Castiel's with a gentle laugh.
“Meanwhile I’m hoping I get to close the bakery for the day,” Gabriel said with a laugh, ”so Sammy and I are enemies today.”
“I said leave me alone, Channing!” It was Kevin Tran in a standoff with his former girlfriend. It was amazing how gossip spread in a high school.
“The idea that some women get, that if they wear a low enough cut shirt, or show off their ass that I’m gonna suddenly turn straight,” Dean said, fingers drumming on the steering wheel.
Dean turned to look at Castiel, eyes searching, and finding what he was looking for, he nodded. An almost bashful smile stole across Dean’s face and it had Castiel’s heart stumbling. Instead of saying more, Dean shifted forward, turning so he could open the cabinet built into the headboard. A variety of lube, dildos, and vibrators greeted him when Castiel peered inside.
Dean had swallowed the lump in his throat that Ellen’s words had caused and excused himself to check on the pies. Sam stayed over that night, raising a speculative brow when Castiel had offered his bed, declaring that he would remain with Dean, like it was perfectly normal. Halfway through the night, Castiel had curled around Dean like an octopus, his semi-hard cock rubbing enticingly between Dean’s thighs. Castiel was dead asleep, of course, and Dean had painstakingly extracted himself from Castiel’s arms and retreated to the ensuite bathroom for the most silent jerk-off session in history, making him feel a combination of euphoric and gross. Dean made the three of them brunch, adding extra of that wildflower honey that Castiel liked so much to the waffle mix, as though guilty honey waffles was an adequate apology for being a pervert with no willpower.
Castiel hummed in agreement. There was nothing more annoying to him than dealing with spoiled socialites. Abaddon Sands and Amara Swallow both considered themselves the Queen Bee when it came to Angel Valley high society. They competed for everything, from a chair on the board of directors for the Historical Society and Angel Valley Arts, to the current battle the affections of one rich, eligible bachelor Mr. Aaron Bass,  whom to Castiel’s amusement, was gayer than a drag queen at a Judy Garland revival. Didn’t stop them from getting into a heated altercation at a charity ball for the pediatric ward of Angel Valley Memorial Hospital, resulting in a broken pearl necklace, a smashed driver-side window of an expensive as fuck Tesla, and ripped hair extensions.
Dean conceded with a nod, knowing that they would have to get a move on soon, but before he could stand up, Castiel grabbed his wrist.
Castiel smiled when young Krissy Chambers came to take their order. She was a senior at Angel Valley High and a favorite of Dean’s. His husband had helped the sassy high schooler apply for art scholarships and her college applications. Krissy had been so excited when she learned she had been accepted to the Rhode Island School of Design.
“I love you, Cas,” the words were delicate and raw, and as Cas echoed them back in a whisper, he thought, again, that yes, Dean was worth it. He was worth everything.
Castiel wanted to scream Dean’s name but knew it would do no good. His human couldn’t hear him. Instead, he brought Sam up to speed.
“I’d tell you it was something more exciting than this but that would be a lie,” Dean confessed.  “Fridays we usually do group dinner with friends at The Roadhouse. Sometimes I sing with the house band if I’m feeling it and they don’t have a guest band in,” Dean replied shrugging his shoulders. “ Saturday nights are just for us. We grab dinner, out or in, and just… enjoy each other’s company.”
The man was striking, almost unfairly handsome with dark tousled hair, and a light stubble that Dean's fingers itched to touch. The navy tee-shirt he wore only made his bright blue eyes more startling, and his pink lips curved up in a pleased smile at Dean’s not so subtle perusal. He couldn’t help letting his eyes roam down his athletic form, a pair of khaki shorts showing off his gorgeous runners calves. Dean almost rolled his eyes as he saw that even his long feet looked sexy, clad in Black Teva sandals.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel’s said, voice rough from tears, and he wondered how the fuck he was supposed to fall asleep with all the shit swirling through his head. Dean’s calloused fingers slipped up under his tee-shirt, strong from working with his hands, and skimmed up and down his chest. There was nothing sexual in the consoling touch, only tenderness, and comfort. In spite of the turmoil in his head, Castiel found himself drifting. The last thing he heard before sleep claimed him was Dean’s voice, soothing as silk.
“What? No way. No way, Cas!” Dean started, stomach-lurching at the very thought.  Everyone in the paranormal community knew about the Morningstar murders. The house was a massive gothic style home set on its own island in Willow Lake, Maine.  Morningstar Manor, it was called in its splendor in the early eighteen hundreds. Despite its gruesome history, the large home was currently run as a bed and breakfast. Tales of terror-filled nights from guests over the years had made every investigating team worth their salt vie for a chance to get in there and investigate the notorious location. Unfortunately, the current owners who had bought the property from the last remaining Morningstar ancestor always said no to allowing a team full access to the inn.
“Someone like you, so in tune with the spirit world. A conduit.  So I thought, how could I make you weak?” he tapped his lips in mock contemplation. “How could I get you to let your guard down. And then it came to me, “ Michael said dramatically, sweeping off his hat and using it to gesture at Dean’s body lewdly.
"That attitude is going to be the death of you, Mr. Winchester," Alistair warned, oil slick voice dousing any slight humor Dean had been feeling. He needed to chill out. He needed to keep it cool.
Castiel sighed, angling his head up for another soft kiss, before moving past Dean into their bathroom. Maybe he
“I want to ride you,” it came out nearly a growl, and Dean let out a muted whimper that only had Castiel plumping further in his pants.
"More, Cas," Dean pleaded as Cas set up a steady pace,  and he pushed back on Castiel's cock and making him bite his lip hard enough to draw blood. "Harder, sweetheart, I can take it."
“Uncle Cas, I can’t go, okay? I need to stay and make sure Uncle Dean and Jack are alright.” Her eyes were liquid pools of blue, and Castiel glanced up at his brother, who he could see was two seconds away from giving in.
“More than I ever dreamed,” Castiel said, meeting Dean’s soft gaze across the dance floor, as he curled his finger towards Castiel in a beckoning motion. “I hope she is, too,” he murmured, before kissing Ellen on the cheek, and meeting his husband on the dance floor.
He didn’t know how long they stood there, clinging to one another, but eventually, Dean was calm enough to pull back.
“Thank you,” Dean returned as he entered the cool building. It smelled of musty parchment and newspaper, not wholly unpleasant. “I’ll make sure they don’t destroy the place.”
"I feel stupid," Castiel complained as he walked with Dean through the fairgrounds. The sun was beating down on him, and the long brown tunic he wore paired with the cheap imitation deerskin britches did nothing to alleviate the heat.
Dean doubled over in silent laughter at Sam, who went from looking startled to pissed, bitchface prominent under the bright moonlight.
Dean’s eyes traveled over Castiel’s body and his skin felt hot under his heavy gaze. He felt his cock plump and swell against his thigh. Dean reached down with one hand, slowly stroking Castiel’s five-o’clock shadow, moving down to his collarbone, over his nipples, brushing over a dark freckle, then down his ribs, to his stomach. Castiel’s breathing was shallow, and he swallowed hard when he felt Dean drag his fingertips down his happy trail to the coarse thatch of hair around his cock.
A throw rug of braided green and blue and brown covered a large portion of the living room floor, and a tan leather sofa sat in the middle, facing the wall where a ridiculously large flat screen was mounted. There was a large round coffee table the color of driftwood housing a pair of reading glasses and remote control, and adjacent from the couch was a large Papasan chair padded with a mint green cushion.
It had been hard, letting go of their apartment, the place Castiel and Dean had lived for so long, and had so many firsts, but it was time. In a few years, they would be ready to grow their family, and it was essential to both Dean and Castiel to do so in a place with a yard and close to family and a child-friendly neighborhood. It helped that their landlord happily went along with the arrangement of having Charlie take over their lease, not wanting to deal with the interview process, and happy to take the word of longtime tenants.
"Don't be shy. I wanna hear all about sweet Mrs. Winchester. I assume she is one of those loved ones you wanted me so far away from.”
Castiel studied his brother, hearing the truth and regret in his words. Music played quietly around them and across the patio where he caught Dean’s eye as he twirled Castiel’s mother around the dance floor. He felt himself settle at the sight, warmth and desire curling in his stomach at the loving smile his best friend sent his way, touched that Dean would humor Naomi, even though he detested dancing.
“Celeste!” Dean barked, hoping to slow her flow of words. “Take a breath and just explain. How the fuck do you know Cas? What do you know about me being tied to a chair?” Dean heard his
Castiel decided to pay Dean back by racing him to the top of the lighthouse, laughing when they got to the door of the observation balcony, and Dean had to bend over to catch his breath.
“Jo happened. She caught me and ratted me out to Ellen, who ratted me out to Bobby, who showed up at the restaurant I was on a date with this guy—”
Dean came to with his hands tied behind the back of a tall chair. He tugged at the ropes, but he’d know the knot wasn’t giving any time soon, even if he hadn’t been sluggish as hell and seeing double. His head lolled back on his shoulders as Dean squinted, finding himself in the same warehouse he’d run into after witnessing what he was pretty sure was a murder.
Dean laced his free hand with the one Cas didn’t have fisted in his hair, squeezing as he scissored Castiel open.
“Shut up. That’s not why I don’t want to talk about it,” Dean said with a playful nudge to Cas’ shoulder and now he was really intrigued. Instead of asking again, Castiel just arched a brow and waited.
Next to him, Cas was already knocking back his second nip; it took a lot for alcohol to do anything to Castiel at all, Dean had learned. Cas’ dad Emmanuel had teased that it was because of his mother’s Russian genes. Dean didn’t know if it was true or not, but he did know that it was entirely unfair that when they woke, Castiel would no doubt be as clear as his sky-blue eyes, while Dean would feel like death warmed over.
In that two week period, they also found time to get Emmanuel a PCP and both of them made sure to get a full work-up done, eager to enjoy each other’s bodies with nothing between them but skin. The first time Emmanuel entered him without a condom they’d both had to freeze, Dean to keep from clenching on the hard, silken heat buried inside of him and Emmanuel, from coming on the first thrust.
Green eyes clashed with his tear-filled ones as Dean finally lifted his gaze up from their hands. “You said you weren’t.”
“I still don’t understand. Why didn’t you move on?” Castiel asked again, and Michael pinned him with a glare.
"Ah ah ah," the man said, leaning forward to grab Dean's phone off of the table. "You'd be dead before you could swipe." Dean's phone was dropped and crushed under the heel of steel-toed boots.
“Cas, Cas, Cas,” Dean chanted, hand flying across his dick as Castiel grunted behind him, hammering Dean’s ass hard and fast, and the sound of Cas' name falling so raggedy from Dean's lips was like an aphrodisiac. The slap of skin on skin was an erotic accompaniment to the harsh grunts and curses flying out their mouths under the bright, starry sky.
Cas wasn’t one to indulge in the activity of smoking but often partook in Saturday game night with friends, enjoying one of the many teas offered, Moroccan Mint a particular favorite. Dean always said he smelled of mint and citrus.
“Alright, Gabriel,” Castiel said with a euphoric bubble of laughter. “You’ve got yourself a roommate.”
Castiel, shaken by his epiphanies, had somehow continued to set up his office and made sure to adamantly reassure Dean that he needn't worry about Cas doing anything he didn't want to do,
“Dean, I wanted to talk to you about something,” Castiel shifted his gaze to Dean’s inky profile as they sped down the interstate.
When Castiel stepped off the bus and walked the block over to the High School, he prepped himself for the well-meaning yet pitying looks that he knew were bound to greet him once he walked through the doors of the school.
,” Frank gestured for Castiel to come around the counter and look at his set-up. “Dean, stand still for a minute, would ya. You’re dancing around like you got ants in your pants.” Castiel sent Dean an apologetic smile as the man rolled his eyes and stopped fidgeting.
“Anyway, my old man was a cruel son of a bitch, and I was always afraid I’d be the same way, so every time she brought it up, I shot it down. By the time I changed my mind, it was too late. She never forgave me for that, and I have to live with it.”
“You’re welcome. Secondly, there is always, without a doubt, some overly dramatic teen drama that usually results in a flock of girls running off to the bathroom, one of them sobbing hysterically,” Dean said knowingly, and when Castiel cocked his head in question, Dean rolled his eyes.
The fire ring was surrounded by short two-person logs, and Dean and Castiel sat by the fire, laughing as they had a yawn-war, each one triggering another as they waited for their turns to change inside of the tent. He loved the way the air smelled, clean pine and woodsmoke and leaning into Cas, the vibrant smell of lemon and salty skin.
"So, you offered yourself up as the getaway driver?" Castiel asked dryly, reluctantly pulling back, and Dean shrugged, with a quick grin.
"That's enough! Stop asking me questions. I have the gun, I make the fucking rules. GET OFF AT THE NEXT EXIT," Alastair roared, and Dean moved over to the right lane. His heart started to gallop as the old Ford switched lanes as well, separated from Dean by two cars.
“How long am I supposed to stay for this?” Castiel whispered, a bit brokenly. “What’s the standard etiquette?" When Dean swallowed hard, Castiel felt like a jackass. “Dean, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean anything—”
“I was desperate, Castiel. I was so afraid of losing you, we were drifting apart. I just thought we needed some time to reconnect.”
"They loved you too, Dean. I'm sorry I've been pushing you away, it wasn't intentional, baby, I swear," Castiel implored, and Dean just shook his head.
Dean had bought Garth a drink, and Castiel had been grateful that Bess was not imbibing, seeing as how two bottles of
At that, Dean did smile, wide enough that his eyes crinkled at the corners. “It does, doesn’t it? Still afraid I might come apart the moment you touch me though,” Dean admitted as they coasted into the driveway, and wasn’t that a delicious picture.
“Yo, who’s that?” Dean called out, and Castiel rolled his eyes as he poked his head into the kitchen.
The air was balmy when he stepped outside, the soft breeze caressing his skin as he stepped out into the parking lot. A quick scan showed him Dean having an agitated conversation with someone by the Impala. Castiel strode closer and was shocked to see a familiar face.
"Should I not be dressing like this now?" Castiel couldn't help the question as he looked around the club from his seat. The crowd was eclectic, that was for sure—business suits, leather and lace, men and women alike in crop tops and skin-tight jeans. A particularly flashy man gyrated on the dance floor in assless chaps and a see-through shirt.
“Quit your bitchin, Sammy, it’s not like you don’t listen to this emo crap too. I am being magnanimous to both of you,” Dean said graciously and Castiel gave a huff of laughter.
Castiel had been shocked to see that pastor Chuck had a band. They were quite good, and he found himself tapping out a beat on the scarred wood of the table he, Dean, and Charlie were sitting at. Aside from the stage lights, it was dim in the bar and grille, and the sound of the music and the hum of the regulars singing along made him smile.
“Are you wearing the present I put out for you this morning?” Castiel asked, chuckling darky when he felt Dean shudder against him.
Jo was engaged in an involved conversation with Kara about culinary school,  as Charlie tapped ash off of the coals with the small tongs. Sam, like Castiel, did not partake of the shisha but enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere all the same.
“I always knew I was attracted to men, deep down, but I didn't allow myself to think about it. Not purposely, anyway. It wasn't until I went to the wedding of two of my friends from college. Cesar and Jesse,” Castiel felt so loose and relaxed, as though he talked this intimately with Dean all the time. He knew part of it was the wine, but mostly it was Dean.‘
“Today, after Yoga. I was waiting for Sam and Rowena to come back to the beach with Bones. Some guy was playing football on the beach, and I got hit with it. I was fine,” Castiel rushed to say, seeing the question form on Dean’s lips. “He asked if I was okay and if he could take me out for a drink.”
“Ha! My twisted brother and my vindictive whore of a wife met the fires of hell immediately. Sucked down through the cracks of the floorboards, right in front of me, flames licking at their ankles as they screamed.”
“I know, Sam, and I can appreciate that. But I have no intention of hurting your brother,” Castiel leveled Sam with his steady gaze. “Not for the world.”
"I didn't save you, Jack, I just bought us some time. Gotta admit, does my heart good knowing that asshat isn't getting any of your mom's hidden money."
“Come on, let me show you the rest of the loft.” Dean’s voice was rough and he didn’t wait for Cas before leaving the room. Castiel followed him back out and noticed that he ignored the room next to the office to lead him into the kitchen. Next to the pantry, there was a short hall that led to the guest bathroom and laundry room that smelled of patchouli and fabric softener.  Cas saw a stereo system and a treadmill and on the floor were two pairs of running shoes and a rolled-up yoga mat. A smaller flatscreen graced the wall as well and across the room was a washer and dryer.
“Mmm. Barbecue crap, sounds delicious,” Castiel snarked, then scooted away as Dean pinched him. “Hey!” he yelped and Dean, who’d pulled himself to sitting tipped his head back and laughed. Castiel didn’t fight the urge to surge up and nip at the column of Dean’s throat.
Dean sat up, accepting the plate of scrambled eggs and bacon, immediately biting into a slice and moaning a little too enthusiastically for company. "This is great, thanks, Cas."
“But they aren’t as pretty to look at,” Alistair said and Castiel started forward, incensed, but Dean yanked him back.
Dean hadn’t noticed him yet. He was sitting at the first table, scrolling through his phone with one hand, a forkful of what looked like pad thai hovering over a Star of Siam take-out box. Castiel shoved his hands in the pockets of his trench coat, the sound of the shift in fabric drawing Dean’s eyes towards him.
Before Dean could follow after Inias, Castiel said, “We’ll be right there,” then caught his hand, moving them out of the pathway of servers, and into the coat check room.
" Vision-whitening light flared up and a high-pitched sound that made Dean wonder if his ears were bleeding built to a crescendo. The pressure was building until just as he thought it was going to pop, it did, like a punctured balloon; With a rush of air, the sudden silence was as deafening as the noise had been, and it was a relief to collapse into nothingness.
“But I have to live here year-round, and I’d prefer it if I could do so without being afraid to take a bath. You know how well a good ghost story draws in the tourists. But, we open in June, and I can’t seem to keep anyone on long enough to help. I had to call out of state.” Rowena placed rustic, earthenware mugs in front of everyone, and proceeded to pour freshly brewed coffee into them.
“I think it’s best if we don’t mention it,” Castiel said, as he pulled out a handful of cassettes. They were still a couple of hours out from Salt Lake and the stretch of road they were on was not conducive to listening to the radio. Cas flipped through the cassettes and his fingers stilled as he came across one that Cas knew hadn’t been there last week.
“Huh.” That actually sounded...kind of fun.  He rarely got to see Dean dressed up unless it was for one of Cas’ work functions. Castiel trailed his fingers across Dean’s sun-warmed skin, enjoying the way his pulse visibly jumped. “So, you want to go?”
"Don't even say it, Cas. If we hadn't come, it could have happened to somebody else.  This isn't your fault," Dean rushed to reassure Castiel when he saw the gleam of tears in his eyes. He watched as Castiel swallowed them back, taking a deep breath.
Castiel propped his chin on his fist as he observed her. “I think so,” he said, resigned and he heard Daphne’s soft intake of breath at having her suspicions confirmed out loud.
“Oh, he’s always been here. Get used to it,” Castiel said confidently, even though his heart was hammering in his chest. Who knew getting everything you ever wanted could be so scary.
“Alright, Cas,” Dean said, leaning into Castiel’s space across the bar. “You want me to move in with you? Fine. But—” Dean held up a warning finger before Castiel could look too pleased with himself. “Not until my one-month deadline at the apartment is up.”
Castiel laughed, placing his camera up on the bar. “Hmm. Bees, yes. Glamour shots, not so much,” Castiel tapped his chin in mock consideration. “ I might have a fedora you could wear and we could give it a go,” Cas teased.
“Maybe he’s not ready to date yet, and he thought going with you would be easier,” Charlie said with a shrug as she looked through the silk ties, finding one in royal blue, a shade brighter than the sports coat.
“Fuck,” Dean said with a rueful laugh. “I forgot how unfiltered you were in the beginning. I thought you wanted to talk about Michael?”
Feeling his stomach rumbling, Dean roused himself from his sappy musings and opened the freezer. Unlike Castiel’s healthy eating habits, Dean had decided to microwave a Jimmy Dean sausage biscuit for breakfast, which he ate standing up while chugging a glass of orange juice. Dean heard the shower stop and pulled a mug from the cabinet, knowing Cas would one want a fresh cup at home before he left to pick up his partner. Dean sliced open a honey wheat bagel and put it in the toaster before fishing out the strawberry cream cheese tub from the refrigerator. The thought of the sweetness made Dean’s teeth ache, but Castiel liked it, and who was he to deny him anything?
Castiel paled and stood up, quickly, crowding into Dean's space. "Who are you?" he gritted out, danger in his gravel-laced voice. Dean heard himself answer.
“It sounds like you both had very lenient parents. My mother would barely let me out of the house until I was eighteen and the choice was taken away from her.”
“I said no, of course, but then there were these two guys,” Sam continued after he finished off his eggs. “They were picking up some wood bundles, and I noticed they’re both kinda hanging back, waiting for me to finish up,” Sam said conspiratorially, and Dean rolled his eyes as he refilled his coffee mug.
“Mom, it’s really important,” Dean stressed again, laying parchment paper and dried beans in lieu of pie weights in the pie tin to par-bake the crust.
“Okay, but why do I feel like that’s not the real issue here,” Dean coaxed gently and had to bite back a smile when Claire pouted, reaching in the pastry bag for another cookie. She took a vicious bite, chomping aggressively, and Dean waited her out while she gathered her thoughts.
Castiel took a walk down the boardwalk after his doctor's appointment, stopping at Thai Garden to grab a couple of pad thai lunch specials for him and Gabriel, having already texted his cousin with a request for a six-pack of
“Ah, well, How about three Sam Adams, then?” the man said, with a glance at Castiel. Now that he was closer, Castiel could see that his eyes were an entrancing mix of green and gold, like moss in the sunlight. “And whatever blue eyes over here is having.”
Castiel pulled his softening cock from Dean's body and fell against him, damp and sweaty and cradled between his thighs.  Cas mouthed at Dean’s shoulders, along his neck and the underside of his jaw, until he found Dean’s mouth and pressed soft, reverent kisses upon his lips. Dean thought about them getting up and cleaned, but the warm weight of his husband’s body on top of his as he whispered words of praise and love in his ear, had him drifting peacefully.
“I was calculating and with the unexpected traffic from the construction, we’re still another hour out from Salt lake and we’re looking at not hitting Wyoming until around ten. Why not crash in Cheyenne and get an early start in the morning? “
Castiel was surprised to smell something delicious already in the oven when they made their way into the house.
Castiel leaned against the doorjamb in threadbare jeans and nothing else. His bare biceps flexed as Cas crossed his arms, reminding Dean of their strength, and found he was sort of sad he’d missed it.
Many of the students were cheering along, and when Dean got off the stage, Krissy told Dean that he was pretty cool for an old dork. Castiel laughed as Dean looked both pleased and offended.  Cleanup passed fairly quickly,  the dessert table completely annihilated by the students, to Dean’s disappointment and Castiel rolled his eyes.
Rowena led them further down the corridor, pointing out different bedrooms and who they used to belong to.
“Meg is going to be so mad she missed this,” Charlie said out of the corner of her mouth as she saddled up to the other side of Dean. He rolled his eyes and elbowed her to be quiet. The other patrons of the bar who had come to see what was going on quietly moved off, seeing that the fight they were hoping to bet on wasn’t going to happen. Dean had to hold back a laugh, as even Chuck looked disappointed.
"Tell me about your wife, Dean." Alistair's nasally voice broke the quiet of the ride, and Dean's stomach turned at the sound. His captor tutted when Dean didn't answer.
That had been five years ago. Sam was in his fourth year as an undergrad and loving campus life, and Dean and Castiel had the house to themselves, though they didn’t see much of each other during the daytime hours. Dean was usually ensconced in his workshop that attached to the garage, while Castiel kept long office hours at the university where he taught Religious Studies. Not to mention their current unemployed
“You’re going make a mess and this soup is too good to waste, Dean,” Castiel said over a mouthful, feeling a surge of pride at Dean’s pleased blush. He found he really enjoyed Dean’s response to praise. It not only satisfied him emotionally but seemed to arouse Castiel physically as well, which was fascinating.
“In the morning is soon enough,” Dean said, leaning forward to tug his shirt off. “Get undressed and come to bed,” Dean quickly stripped off his jeans and socks, leaving himself in just his underwear. Castiel quickly followed suit, and Dean didn’t make any complaints when Castiel manhandled Dean into the little spoon position.
“And I’m carrying you over the threshold,” Dean said, and Castiel merely raised his brow. Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay,  fine, we can take turns.”
Castiel cut the engine with a scowl as he pulled in the drive. He was supposed to be able to park his Continental in the garage with Dean’s Baby- a shiny black 67’ Chevy Impala-, but there was Cole’s truck in Cas’ spot instead. Castiel could hear music and the smell of a bonfire, typical of most summer evenings at home. His best friend and their
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel didn’t know how long they stood there, chest to chest and palm to palm, but he startled when Jody’s booming voice filtered in.
Cas. His best friend. The love of his life was in his lap and kissing Dean as if his life depended on it, like it was the only thing he wanted to do, and thank fuck because Dean didn’t plan on stopping anytime soon.
“Dean… Dean, fuck, I’m gonna come,” the words were a dark and rough warning, and he could feel Cas’ body quivering against him, and all Dean wanted was that explosion on his tongue.  Dean took Cas as far as he could, successfully suppressing his gag reflex as Cas hit the back of his throat. Dean could barely breathe, his hand flying over his own cock as the guttural litany of groans Castiel was letting out had Dean coming unexpectedly over his fist, and he swallowed reflexively, triggering Cas to unleash his load to the back of Dean’s throat.
Castiel inched closer, bringing the hand not enclasped in Dean’s, up to his face. Cas’ fingers stroked Dean’s cheek and he leaned into the touch with a sigh.
- everything to me, but I never thought of our relationship romantically because I was already so fulfilled with how we were together. Does that make sense?”
Benny Lefitte, born in Louisianna and raised all the fuck over as an army brat, was a food blogger and critic. It was something he used to talk to Dean about in culinary class during his short stint senior year of high school in Salt Meadow Port. How he wanted to travel the world and experience new cuisine and eventually open his own restaurant.
Dean picked up the remote, but instead of turning on a TV show, he put the station on a classic rock music channel with the volume down low.
Castiel didn’t even spare him a glance, and only looked at Dean, “What’s going on? How do you two know each other?” he asked, although he already had a sinking feeling that he knew.
No matter what name you go by, no matter who she tried to turn you into, you’re still this amazing person with a big heart, who taught me how to finally live again. I love you, Cas, so much,” Dean said fiercely as Castiel’s breath seemed to hitch at the words. “And I’m gonna be here with you every step of the way, you hear me? Whatever you need to get through this, I’m here. And if you feel like I’m too close, then we’ll get you a counselor. Whatever you want, on your terms, I promise.“
All that could be heard was the hiss and pop of the fire as Dean and Castiel took in the news. Sammy, Dean observed, actually seemed relieved. He wondered how long his brother had been holding that in.
“Hang on- give me-” Dean tripped through the door as it jerked open, cackling as Emmanuel kicked it shut and proceeded to alternate between pushing Dean into the living room towards the overstuffed chair and removing his clothing.
"There's something here," Castiel said, as he returned to Dean's side, sliding his palm against Dean's and lacing their fingers. "It's hiding. I can feel it, even now, watching us."
Dean’s brow furrowed for a second. “The tea guy? The one with that commercial of the butterflies and bees, and that dude flying a red kite?”
"Charlie, Cassie," Gabriel said, and Castiel winced at the unwelcome nickname. Soon, he and Dean were within touching distance, and the urge to stretch out his long fingers and feather them over Dean's cheekbone was strong.  "This is our new head chef, Dean Winchester. Dean, this is your sous-chef Charlie Bradbury, and our pastry chef, Castiel Novak. He's also my little brother, so let me know if he gets too diva-ish in the kitchen," Gabriel said, and Castiel smirked, eyes entirely focused on Dean. He was stunning.
“Uh, yeah, I don’t know if you are ready for that story yet,” Dean said the words lightly but there was something dark and intimate in his eyes that had Castiel yearning for something he wasn’t quite sure of. Castiel angled closer, seeing how every finger lined up with the red ink. The hard muscles of Dean’s arm trembled under his touch and there was an unmistakable feeling of pride and possessiveness the action caused in him and Castiel had to force himself to let go.
Dean was adorably rumpled with indents from the buttons on Castiel’s trenchcoat marking his cheek. Dean’s soft brown hair stood up in spikes as he raked his hands through it, vigorously.  As they exited the car, Castiel admired the definition in Dean's arms as he stretched his hands up to the sky. His maroon t-shirt lifted, showing a slip of Dean’s stomach, and Castiel bit his lip, worrying the flesh between his teeth. Castiel knew that underneath that t-shirt he would find a tattoo on Dean’s pectoral, a flaming pentagram. He had never been a tattoo man until he saw Dean bare-chested for the first time. Castiel watched as Dean walked into the gas station on his sturdy bowed legs, and felt a pang of want hit him hard.
“I’ll remind myself that Cas has a ginormous cock and move on,” Dean deadpanned, shrugging when Castiel’s eyes flashed to his, brows furrowed in disbelief. “What? It’s true. Why, what were you gonna say?” Dean’s eyes narrowed,”You better not say threesome. You know I don’t share. Anymore,” he amended when Sam scoffed, and Castiel rolled his eyes.
"Smell good," Dean murmured against Cas' Adam's apple, the warmth of his breath causing gooseflesh to break over Castiel's skin, and he shivered.
“Is everything okay over here?” Benny’s soft drawl had both Castiel and Dean sliding their gaze towards him. Castiel glared at the man, displeased with the interruption, more so when Dean stepped back from him.
Castiel felt his lip curve up in a half smile at the memory. He knew that Sam was giving them room to explore what was going on between him and Dean. The angel and the hunter with the profound bond were finally acknowledging their feelings, he thought to himself ruefully. It was a long time coming.
Claire and Kaia were holding hands as they walked in, but his niece let go of the dark-haired girl’s hand in favor of folding her arms defensively across her chest when she spotted Dean from the doorway.
"Okay," Dean said, tilting his head to study him some more. "You okay, Cas?" Dean's voice concerned, and Castiel pasted on a smile.
“Torn down and rebuilt when my grandfather got married to my Grandmother Millie. I never knew her, she passed away when my dad was a kid. They'd always planned on having more than just my dad, so Grandpa Henry wanted something bigger.”
“What’s the matter?” Castiel cocked his head, observing the unspoken self-blame in Dean’s voice that was almost palpable.  “You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” Castiel realized, dejectedly. “By what, my love? From your guilt?”
he had learned, meant that Meg had arrived at work even earlier than Dean and commandeered control of the music selection.
What followed was a deluge of emotion that brought tears to Castiel’s eyes, as he listened to Dean’s words laced with grief.
It was Jody who took Bela aside and explained the situation. Castiel listened, with half an ear as to how she would have been here sooner, but her husband—
To the right of the room was the ensuite bathroom and he noted that Dean wasn’t joking about the jacuzzi tub. The vanity was only one sink, but it was large, a smooth marble with flecks of rose and gold. A glassed-in shower wide enough for two and a toilet that Castiel saw with a laugh, was heated.
“Allegedly,” Dean interrupted, and Castiel laughed from across the room where he was helping Dean pack his apartment. It wasn’t quite the romantic evening he was hoping for their first real date, but Castiel insisted, saying what better way to get to know someone than to help them put their lives in a box.
“Cas!” Castiel couldn’t help the way his heart stuttered a bit at the sound of his name on Dean’s tongue. His best friend was sitting at a large circular booth, his regular, when Quattro Formaggio was playing. The culinary arts teacher rose from his seat, ignoring Chuck’s yells for him to do a mike check.  Dean only rolled his eyes as Castiel reached the table, tugging him in by the shoulder for a hug.
Castiel shivered when they walked into their hotel room,  dropping their shared suitcase onto the wide desk chair across from the king-sized bed.
Dean’s mouth felt like cotton as he tried to find his words. “Dean,” he was finally able to mutter, voice slurring. “Dean Winchester. Did… did you drug me?”
“Hey, Mick?” Dean called down the other end of the bar to his co-worker. “I’m going on my break before the rush.”
Dean and Castiel made their rounds, hugging everyone goodbye.  When they made their way to the parking lot and to the Impala, Castiel pushed Dean against the driver’s side door, angling his head up for a long, languorous kiss in the brisk cold.
“So, what? You wanna, like, investigate?” Sam asked, brows arched, while Castiel tried and failed to hold back his amused half-smile.
“And what are you going to do while we sit here bored to death?” Claire asked. “Daydream about Uncle Cas?”
“It’s four,” he said, turning back to Dean. “Shall we take a bath and then begin our search for a beach house?”
During a quick shower, Castiel jerked himself off roughly, trying to relieve some of the tension. He was so eager to spend the evening with Dean, just the thought of being near him, his scent; bonfires and sea salt, had him thickening in his hand, and he came on a sharp cry as he envisioned tasting Dean's skin. Castiel scrubbed himself clean, using the tangerine and grapefruit body wash Dean seemed to enjoy on him.
Why is he texting you back and not me?” Dean was definitely not pouting. He should be glad that Cas was at least talking to someone.
came for dinner on Tuesday. Sam and Lily had tried their hand at dating for a while, but it turned out that Lily had a hard time with Sam's job. Sam lived and breathed his work, and the constant day to day dealing with the paranormal made it hard for Lily to not sink back into depression about her daughter. She had finally found peace, and although she respected what Sam did, and Cas, she didn't want to live with it twenty-four seven.
“I can take care of myself you know,” Dean added, unaware of the new flood of memories rushing through Cas' brain. “I’m no damsel in distress. I’ve been doing it my whole life but I let it slide this time because Michael was a total douche canoe. If you didn’t hit him I would have. I was really surprised he didn’t threaten to press charges,” Dean mused and Castiel snorted in derision.
Lisa narrowed her pretty eyes at him, scrutinizing, and Emmanuel was shocked to hear her let out a melodious peal of laughter.  “Well played, Jimmy. I’m happy for you Dean. He’s hot and sassy,” Lisa said with a wink. Emmanuel found himself smiling back at her, genuinely this time. “S’bout time you got serious about someone.”
“April! If you’re unhappy, let’s talk about it. If there is something wrong, we can fix it, but not if you don’t use your words.”  Castiel followed her up the stairs.
Castiel laughed, a dark, sexy sound that sent shivers down his spine.  It was eleven o’clock at night, and they were far from alone, but it was like they were in their own little world. Cas’ hands released Dean’s hair and raked down his back before slipping down to grip his ass.
“Who are you? How do I know you?” There was a slight panic in Dean’s voice, and he tried to push it down. The salty breeze tousled his hair, and the water seemed to shimmer even brighter, enough for Dean’s eyes to sting with tears. What was he doing here again? His mind felt blank. There’d been a reason. A plan. What was his plan?
"That one," Alistair pointed at the exact change lane, one of the automated booths that didn't even have an attendant.
“Baby, you should go to bed.” The endearment, which had seemed so strange in its casualness the first time he’d heard it, now seemed so intimate and meaningful and Castiel was glad that Dean wasn’t trying to stifle himself from using it.
Castiel stopped taking photos and turned to look at Dean. The sunlight on his hair teased out a motley of colors ranging from rich brown caramel and ginger to old gold. The effect was too ethereal for him not to take a picture and Dean's face snapped to his when he heard the click of the shutter. Eyes like Autumn Leaves sparkled back at him, alight with humor.
This could be Dean's chance to get the upper hand before his husband wound up in a stand-off with a juiced-up psychopath.
Dean didn’t respond to Benny’s overture, merely continued to serve his customers, earning tips with his lazy smile and flirtatious winks. They were all for show, though. Castiel could tell by the slight tightening at the corners of his eyes, and the distracted look on his face. Castiel took his whiskey glass in hand and rose from his seat, chair scraping across the floor. Despite the music playing in the background and the chattering of patrons, Dean’s head came up from the cooler immediately, and his stare met Castiel's, head-on.
Dean shrugged. “I don’t know, I was bored,”  Dean had passed the reigns of Tech Manager to Charlie soon after the Howland case. That case had forever changed his views on the paranormal after seeing the man he loved possessed before his eyes. Dean now acted as Cas’ anchor during investigations. He was with him from start to finish of the investigation, every step of the way. If there was ever a change in personality or if Castiel felt unsafe or off, Dean was there to ground him. Letting something like that happen to his fiance again was never going to be an option. It caused some spats; their investigation at Pennhurst, for one, had tested each other’s patience. The case had been the catalyst of their first real fight since getting engaged last summer, and despite working things out and accepting each other’s point of view, they still argued.
“Gabe’s right,” Sam replied calmly, slowly loosening his grip on Dean and extending to his full height. “Maybe Dr. Roche will have some more information for us.”
The next little while was spent bringing in bags, and Castiel was surprised to see some remodeling had gone on in his absence. His father was showing Dean the new guest bathroom, and Castiel wandered into the kitchen and smiled wide when he saw that his parents had extended the back deck to the length of the whole house.
