, Cas signs back and gives Eileen a cursory smile, an uptick of his mouth to show her she has nothing to worry about.
Cas lifts a hand in vague acknowledgment before grabbing a box of oatmeal and turning it over to look at the back. He’s waiting for Dean to move on, as is his prerogative during these trips, but he just moves the cart forward inch by inch as Cas makes his way slowly down the aisle, not even complaining.
Dean takes a sip and yeah, it’s burnt as hell. But he’s given up any notion of getting sleep today, so the caffeine is warranted. Cas watches but seems content to inhale the steamy liquid, which Dean thinks is probably for the best.
“I wanted to apologize,” Cas says.
Cas huffs a laugh and leans against the doorway. Dean’s still on the floor and he thinks about standing but he’s not entirely sure his legs would hold him up because—
“And you never, in all that time you spent here on God’s green earth, you
“What I do hear—the crickets, the wind, the generator,” Dean follows Cas’s gaze to the buzzing machine by the motel’s front entrance. “It’s more harmonious. An orchestra of sound instead of a dissonant clashing of reechoes.”
“We just need the sandbags,” Sam says. When Cas gives him a confused look, Sam clarifies, “Weights for the legs so this thing doesn’t go flying off the roof the next big windstorm we have. I left them at the bottom of the stairs in the bunker. If you don’t mind.”
Cas hesitates, but then opens the book and realizes with a start how much easier it is to read.
Dean reels back as a rush of wind and a distinct loss of pressure in the atmosphere signals Cas’s abrupt disappearance. A few moments later, Cas is back holding an entire pie. Dean wonders why he and Sam haven’t been ordering angel to-go service this whole time, but that’s a conversation for another time.
“Sorry,” Cas says and Dean gets a little thrill from the way Cas sounds absolutely, devastatingly prurient. “It’s— It’s a lot of, um...” Cas searches for the words but he can’t seem to pull his eyes away from Dean’s to find them.
And yet, here he is. Castiel, Angel of the Lord, face half-cast in the ambient glow of a boondock motel streetlight, considers Dean with a look that cuts right to the core of him and does not recoil in the face of the obscene, rotting parts he knows are there, roiling and aching to escape, to prove the worst parts of Dean are the truest parts, too. Castiel, Angel of the Lord, brushes the knuckles of his most vicious weapon with tender kisses.
Cas’s lips quirk into a smile, but he doesn’t open his eyes. “I was going to say redolent—“
Sam clicks his tongue in annoyance. “He’ll deal,” Sam decides. “I’ll just pick up allergy meds on the way home. Text me if you think of anything else we need.”
“Look, even Tommy boy agrees with me,” Dean says cheerily.
Dean’s heart sinks. He should’ve figured as much. It’s not like they need something as basic as marriage to solidify what they have. It’s already perfect. Don’t fix what ain’t broke, right?
And with the last dying breath of his guilty conscience rattling out into the cold night air, he reasons with himself that according to Rowena, Dean most likely won’t remember any of this when it’s all said and done. So. No harm, no foul, right?
2. Bartleby is the name of my dog, but in my defense, Bartleby was the name of an angel in Dogma long before my dog existed so it's not weird. (And my dog isn't named after the Dogma character so it's FINE.)
“The Empty took my grace,
“I was actually hoping to run into you,” Sam says. “Dean told me about your...” Sam lifts a hand and lets it drop. “Problem.”
“Oh!” Cas says, eyes widening in surprise. “Is it? My understanding of modern human courting seemed to—“
Dean rolls over and inhales sharply. “Jesus, Cas,” he hisses. Cas’s face is less than a foot from Dean’s when he turns over. After a moment to calibrate, he realizes Cas is squatting next to the bed so he is at eye-level with Dean.
“Yeah, not so much.”
“Perhaps nothing,” Cas finally answers. “I may be...” He trails off and Dean hesitates to interrupt because regardless of the ridiculousness of the conversation, it seems important to Cas that he explain this to Dean.
Cas shrugs again and raises his eyebrows. “I am sure whatever pleasure you derive from this won’t be ruined by lack thereof.”
, Dean. Not hidden, not lost,
The earnest lilt of his voice tells Cas fairly unequivocally that Dean informed him of their soul-related conversation.
Cas rolls his eyes but he’s smiling. “Sam said you were a romantic.”
Someone clears their throat from the doorway.
Technically, none of that matters because the point is that Cas has no grace to heal him.
“Sounds like…” Sam trails off and tilts his head to the side as if to hear better.
Cas watches with careful consideration before following suit. His eyes flutter closed. “That’s...”
“If food were just for ‘sustaining life’,” Dean’s air quotes are insulting, “we’d be eating green power shakes and bunches of kale. Food—FRENCH FRIES—are not consumed to ‘sustain life’.”
Cas contemplates the pros and cons of telling Dean the truth. He knows telling Dean will elicit any number of reactions, the most certain of which is his determination to somehow fix it. An inevitable impossibility. But he will have to know soon enough. Dean is nothing if not dogged in his approach to getting answers and there are only so many excuses Cas can give before there is only one answer left.
Dean has nothing to say to that, and the way Cas is looking at him, at Dean of all people, like he’s a work of art to be appraised or even adulated. Dean can think of one way to make him stop, so he closes the gap between them, pressing his mouth to Cas’s.
Dean clicks his tongue, shaking his head. “Hate to break it to ya, pal, but you’ve got a terminal illness.”
. So he learned to be more specific.
Eileen and Cas share private conversations that Sam watches with mild interest and Dean side-eyes suspiciously. Eileen is, perhaps, the only one who doesn’t tiptoe around Cas, which he appreciates beyond words. While the rest of the bunker tends to treat him like an invalid or a child, Eileen acts as though nothing has changed at all.
Everything in Cas rebels against the idea and he’s already coming up with arguments about the cold snap they’re expecting when Sam says, “Well, I don’t know. I mean, it seems pretty skinny. Makes me think Mom isn’t around anymore. Maybe something happened.”
Cas’s eyes flick up to Dean, then back to the fry. “I really don’t see why this is...” he trails off.
Dean lets out a surprised laugh. “No, Cas, that’s not… I mean, that’s not possible. You… I mean, you’re fine! You’re just…”
“What?” Cas tries to look farther in the direction Sam has the binoculars pointed, but it’s far too dark.
He sounds so stupid. He needs to just shut the fuck up. He needs to stop acting so weird because he’s reading into something that doesn’t exist, can’t exist,
Sam’s head drops back in annoyance, he lets out a long breath, and he grabs the crutches.
And Dean is terrified. If Cas knows, if he sees what Dean is feeling, wanting, hoping for—
Dean has finally pulled Cas’s shirt free from his trousers so he can at least get a hand around him to press against his back and pull him even closer. Dean aches with a deep, primal need to be as close to Cas as possible with as few clothes possible on top of that, but without either of them separating for even a second because Dean thinks he might die if they do. Especially once Cas takes a tentative nip of his neck.
“Yeah, okay, whatever, you sound like a stuffy philosophy professor. You’ll eat your words in a minute, Cas. Just wait.”
“Eat the damn fry, Cas,” Dean cuts in.
“Hey,” Dean says and his voice cracks like the fucking traitor it is. He clears his throat. “Sorry. I’ll have to make another bowl.”
Cas’s eyebrow has risen in a silent question.
this body standing before Dean for the very first time. Cas’s eyes are slightly more reflective, somehow more opaque than normal and his mouth... Dean shuts down that thought and diverts his attention to his Impala parked some 30 feet away, sleek and shining with evening condensation.
“Pull over,” Cas says.
“Can humanity not make one single task simple? Why must you complicate everything?” Cas grouses. He decides against reading any ingredients and selects the cheapest one instead.
“Left?”
“What?”
“Jesus, Cas, you can’t just ask me that like…”
“I see.”
Cas looks back at the book and is a little floored by the significant difference between his regular vision and that with the glasses. But more than that, he’s suddenly very aware of how mortal he is. He’s confronted with the fact that he does not have nearly the amount of control over himself as he used to and it’s disconcerting, to say the least. Change isn’t always a good thing, he thinks bitterly. He certainly wouldn’t have to worry about this as an angel. But then he glances at Dean who is staring back with that look on his face again, something close to fondness, but Cas has never been the best at reading expressions. Perhaps Dean
“And you.”
Dean has also accepted that he is someone who can sit down with his brother, his friend, and his
“I am merely telling the truth. In the celestial plane, the idea of only five senses is laughable. In fact, there’s a wonderfully entertaining joke about it in Enochian.” Cas’s lips have quirked into a small, reflective smile, but it falters at the deepening frown on Dean’s face.
“Yes,” Cas says in reply and,
“Do you— Is that—?” Dean swallows around his stubborn words and prays Cas gets the message since the English language is currently out of reach.
Cas raises his eyebrows and snatches the binoculars from Sam who huffs in surprise.
Cas isn’t quite sure what direction Dean’s life is taking exactly, as he seems stuck in a transitional stage of sorts, although it’s unclear what he’s waiting on. Dean mostly sticks around the bunker, only joining Sam and Eileen on hunts when they’re pressed for help. Since the day Cas came back, Dean has been frantically accommodating. Whether it’s due to Cas’s deathbed confession that they have not yet discussed, or his recognition that the first time Cas came to him as a human he’d fucked it up so badly, is anyone’s guess. Perhaps both. Regardless, he’s been cooking three-course meals fit to serve ten nearly every night.
“Cas. Goddamit,
“I do not. Wait— Are you reading my fucking mind?!” Dean is absolutely mortified, but then he recognizes the shit-eating grin on Cas’s face, even if it's not nearly as obvious or obnoxious as Sam's.
Cas nearly rolls his eyes; the sentiment is there, at least. Instead, he turns from Dean as Dean steps onto the seat of the picnic table and sits on the top. Cas takes a couple steps, then turns back toward Dean.
Cas is sure he’s supposed to be thankful, but he can’t quite find the appropriate words to say. Sam fills the void by adding, “Actually, that’s why I wanted to find you. Dean and Eileen left earlier this morning.”
“He was jealous,” Cas says. “Jealous that God loved you so much, yes. But also because he knew what a gift God had given you.”
“Our kinda strange?”
He’s not sure how he could’ve misspoken this time.
Dean is pointedly ignoring the fact that Cas still has his hand pressed against his heart, that he can certainly feel it pounding away like the traitor it is, and that Cas can sense his anxiety on top of that.
“I don’t understand,” Cas says as he switches glasses. “Jimmy didn’t need glasses, so why would I?”
“What?”
Cas takes a sip of his own beer but as he can’t remember the last time he ate, he figures he’d better be conservative with his alcohol consumption.
Except this hadn’t happened the first time he was human. Before, every minor inconvenience, every interaction had left Cas drained, tired, and aching for a comfort he knew he could never ask for. And the overwhelming inundation of feeling never ceased, never even dulled in its intensity.
“You need me to set this up?” Cas zips open the bag and finds a bunch of metal rods that must make up the legs of the structure, plus a large, folded piece of canvas. On top is an instruction booklet with a diagram printed on the front.
An hour later, he’s toweling off his hair and stepping out of the hallway bathroom when he nearly runs into Sam.
Cas makes his way quickly back into the bunker and through the main entrance that lets out on the south side of the building. He follows the building around to the left, taking care not to make too much noise. Belatedly, he wonders if he should’ve grabbed a blade or gun.
, as it were, at a later time.”
“I think
Cas briefly glances at Dean but doesn’t reply, reading the back of one package over again since Dean distracted him.
Being human before, after Metatron had tricked his grace from him and sent all the angels to earth, was a jarring, frightening experience. Humans are so fragile and their emotions overwhelming in the best and worst ways. Acclimating to life among humanity was difficult, made no easier by Dean’s insistence that Cas be on his own. He knows now why Dean made that decision, but it still stings to think on it.
“Well, I’m sure if Dean wanted to get married, he would tell me.”
“Well, uh, it’s not all monsters!” Sam powers through. “There’s angels, too, for example.”
Sam grins and it makes his eyes brighter. “Meet me on the roof?” He doesn’t wait for an answer, rapping his knuckles twice on the door and leaving.
Dean’s jaw clenches and Cas can practically hear the gears turning as Dean puts everything together. “I’m not following. I mean, Metatron took your grace before and you didn’t…”
“What are your…symptoms?”
Dean’s eyes snap open as, for a horrifying moment, he thinks maybe Cas doesn’t want to be kissing him and—God, did he just read this all wrong? Or is he that bad of a kisser? He’s never had complaints before...
Cas sits back and Dean, head resting back on the arm console, watches Cas’s eyes as they track Sam across the parking lot and back toward their motel room.
“Yeah, right,” Dean replies and his eyes dart to Cas, then quickly away again. “Well, um, I sort of talked to Sam and he mentioned—I mean, I noticed it, too, but with you guys being stuck together these days and that kid can’t keep his nose out of anyone’s business, I can tell you that from experience. But, uh, he just said he noticed you were, um—he said I should be the one to—because, well, you’ve been sort of…” Dean swallows and Cas watches his Adam’s apple bob with detached interest. “I guess I’m asking if you’re—if everything is okay?”
, Cas had said and the look he gave Dean is the same soul-piercing one Dean is getting now.
He’s not disappointed. “Right. Well, actually, I already planned to do a grocery run tomorrow if you want to tag along. We can hit the hardware store on the way there.” Dean flattens the page of the book in front of him with one hand and doesn’t meet Cas’s eyes. The tips of his ears are tinged pink.
“I have not covered all five senses,” Cas replies simply.
“Humor me,” Sam says.
“Our first conversation is going to be about what you can and cannot say out loud to me. Ever. Under any circumstances.”
“Man, you’re not human,” Sam says.
Cas gives a curt nod. “And I always thought that was it. But now...” He trails off, glancing toward the motel, then back to Dean.
Cas returns the kiss eagerly, leaning into Dean’s space. Then he keeps pushing into Dean’s space until Dean is forced onto his back, the armrest console digging uncomfortably into the back of his neck. But Dean hardly notices as Cas is getting adventurous and trailing his mouth, hot and wanting, down Dean’s jaw to the spot just underneath that has Dean practically squirming with how good it feels. Arousal pools in Dean’s abdomen and his hands are desperate to touch Cas’s skin, but his stupid jacket and his stupid shirt with his stupid tie is in the way. Dean groans in frustration and he feels a huff of warm breath on his neck as Cas gives a small laugh.
“You look like you’re trying to set that on fire with your mind.”
But now…
As the last riffs of “True Confessions” fade out, Dean glances over at Cas. He’s going to make some comment, some qualifying statement about the song, the band, the lyrics to ensure Cas that it’s okay if he doesn’t enjoy it. It would devastate Dean just a little, but really, it’s fine. But Cas has his eyes closed, face passive, completely tuned in and Dean swallows his doubts.
Sam clears his throat and turns back to the trail. “Yeah. Let’s keep going.”
“You have a freckle on your lip,” Cas says softly as his thumb slides across Dean’s bottom lip. He says it barely louder than a whisper, but Dean still feels Cas’s warm breath mix with his own and it makes everything inside him feel alive, electric.
But Cas’s nose crinkles and he laughs and it’s the most gratifying, captivating noise Dean’s ever heard. Dean laughs too, although a little self-deprecatingly.
“Dean,” Cas chastises and Dean actually laughs a little.
Dean’s brow furrows as he looks at Sam again. “Wait, are we— Am I shacked up with an angel?!”
hungry. He even wishes he felt queasy so he’d have an excuse to refuse the food offered to him every day. Instead, he’s overwhelmed with disinterest. But Cas knows a losing battle when he sees one, and Dean’s clearly in this particular one until the bitter end, so Cas chooses the path of least resistance and he eats.
Cas shoots a glare at Dean who is leaning his elbows on the cart, one hand propping his chin up as he watches Cas glower at the breakfast aisle. Cas’s glare loses some of its heat when he sees Dean there, really looks at him in his old, faded jeans and flannel, the sleeves rolled up as always. It’s been a while since Dean has caught Cas off-guard like this. It used to happen fairly often, especially when he was an angel and he could sense Dean’s soul in all of its happy, luminous glory. But being human comes with detriments beyond what even Cas could have guessed. For one, there is now no denying that, at least to Cas’s rather discerning eye, Dean is attractive beyond his soul. And since completely falling to earth, this fact has become more obvious and far more problematic. Moments like this, when Dean is doing absolutely nothing of note, simply slouched over a shopping cart, hair tousled and too-long by Dean’s own standard, eyes dark under the glare of fluorescents—it can stun Cas into reverence. It’s in the way his hands move or the skin around his eyes crinkles just so when he laughs, the line of his jaw when he turns away—these subtle, minute nothings level Cas to the ground and he remembers all over again that he loves this man. He is
Maybe?
Through the whirr and buzz of a mix of triumph and surprise and agitation, because that sure as hell sounded like a threat and it was taking all that he had not to rear up and sink his teeth into the round of Cas’s bicep, Dean gritted out between his teeth, “Not exactly time for a backrub right now, buddy, what’re you—”
“Mmm. S'nice. Different.” Dean squeezed gently around him, and Castiel moaned into his collarbone. “Your turn, Cas.”
Castiel released his glans and slid his hand all the way to the root, fingertips combing gently through the warm nest of curls at the base of Dean's erect penis. He watched him shudder delicately.
“I just…” Benny squeezes Dean’s arm hard enough that it aches, but the pain of it feels far away. “Thanks, brother.”
Dean’s not sure the same can be said for that giant nag that Sam’s on: her eyes are rolling and white all around, and now her hips are moving in little threatening hops. Which is saying something when she’s a horse big enough to carry
get through any windows that weren’t closed, and even big enough cracks. Every child in the Weyr small enough to crawl through vents was put to sealing work, Bobby cursing loudly about why the hell they needed to have so many air holes.
“Because you’re a monster,” Dean tells her, fondly.
“But there’s a way, right?” he pleads. “Dude… let me
“That
The guy’s not wearing any clothes, and his mouth bristles with two rows of teeth at right angles to each other, bony spurs poking out from his elbows and his knees like curved daggers. His eye sockets are empty and bloody, his throat a ruin. The only thing that he’s got that identifies him as one of the members of the first two expeditions is his dog tags, and they’re starting to disappear the same way the tent flap is—translucent in a way that metal just
Dean almost drops his paint. He pulls up both eyebrows in an expression he
that Cas isn’t a flasher, but in that getup, he couldn’t exactly blame the Walmart parking lot passersby for not wanting to give him the chance.
Castiel casts a smug glance at Kevin. See,
; it’s hilarious. But he crouches on Cas’s other side and rubs his shoulder, too. “Wow,” he says.
the next area.”
“Two bronzes, huh?” he asked Novak, who was watching him work peacefully, her gold-and-white wings spread like the fins of a fish around her to absorb the heat of the nesting grounds. “You must be so proud.”
lived with that. It was why they had Weyrs. It was why they had
He’d cajoled and smiled; he’d hugged Castiel and made him pie, over and over, even when Castiel couldn’t face him—couldn’t face anyone for how unwanted he’d felt.
The voice isn’t familiar—but the face, when he turns, is. Dean’s a little surprised to feel the smile spreading on his lips—almost as surprising as the fact that she greeted him in the first place.
His silhouette is so fucking pure in the light from the screen that Dean ends up twisting away. Maybe a little too fast. Cas’s smile fades, and he takes his laptop and goes off to his own bed not long after that.
Maybe.
A little less than a year after the world doesn’t end, he and Cas get married.
sharing the back seat with Dean as he sleeps. He likes to watch him breathing quietly, the cares slackened out of his jawline. It’s not
But he bumps Cas’s elbow with his own as they’re walking out, anyway. Just a little one. Like he might’ve done before. They always did that kind of thing, and once upon a time, it was easy.
I lock the door?”
“This is not the same situation,” Michael pointed out, “because the younger queen’s rider in those situations becomes Weyr
it would feel without a barrier between them; he hadn’t realized he would want it until he had it. But the idea that
He wrapped himself closer, offering a hand on the line of Dean's lower ribs, a tentative brush of his thumb back and forth.
“How long did they say the pizza was going to take?” Cas asks, blinking sweetly. “I’m hungry.”
But Castiel says “I love you,” because he thinks that no-one has ever said that to Dean without strings attached—the mother who wasn’t who she pretended to be; the father who made a weapon out of a boy; the woman who loved a man but couldn’t love a monster; and the brother who doesn’t know how to let Dean live any more than Dean knows how to let Sam go.
“I know it’s sad you can’t be a Candidate this year, but that means you get to spend more time with Sam, right?” Castiel pointed out. “You can… ‘show him the ropes’ for at least one more year.” (Dean liked that expression, and he’d brought it with him from Lawrence. Castiel still thought it didn’t make any sense, but Dean said it had something to do with boats. And then laughed when Castiel said that he hadn’t thought there were boats in Lawrence, either.)
“I won’t,” Cas tells him.
But there’s a soft click of a red plastic clipboard being set down on the floor. And it’s not John Winchester who speaks up first.
a test, and Dean failed. “Sir, I don’t—I wasn’t—there
Shit, no-one has any sense around here.
“Velma stuck her tongue down Sammy’s throat!” Dean adds—‘cause it’s his lifelong duty to embarrass his little brother.
Castiel blinked, confused. Maybe a little offended. Hadn't Dean said earlier…?
Castiel swallows his love, again, and it feels familiar going down—achy and quiet. It settles in his core like a smooth pebble dropped in the middle of a pool, not leaving many ripples behind it. Dean’s soul, inside him, twirls like an asteroid before it settles, too.
He’s lying, Dean can
But he wasn’t expecting loss. He wasn’t expecting his whole body to feel achy and heavy and like he’s about to vibrate out of his skin—he knows what this is; dimly, he remembers that talk about how their bodies would acclimate to whatever negative energy makes up Purgatory, and they’d have to readjust when they got back, same way they were all dizzy for a few hours when they landed in the landing zone the first time.
“I guess I do,” Castiel answered, looking down at his palm where Sam had just touched it. “I just don’t see the point of it. What does shaking someone’s hand up and down have to do with anything?”
which, hell, hardly fair, but Dean’s taken the brunt of bullshit for Sammy before. When they were still near the townships or passing through populated areas, well, it didn’t really much matter, because the streets were noisy. Whenever they’re in a village, there are always kids who run up to the side of the roadways to stare at Cas passing by, the chatter of carts and stalls.
Dean’s not even worried. He’s relieved. Finally. Fucking
“Dude, you spent months lying to your scary-ass mom about hanging out with me.” Dean grins and leans forward into Cas’s space. Cas scowls at him; tough titties. “What’s one more time for nostalgia’s sake?”
But when Jack had stripped the monsterness from the monsters—just grabbed it in his skinny little glowing hands and yanked, squashing the squirming ball of something that made Dean’s stomach turn just to look at it under one Keds-covered foot—he’d turned to Cas, too.
Cas blinks at him and flashes that squinty, pouty head tilt of his like a weapon. He’s got that damned red plastic clipboard of his tucked under his arm, and he’s still wearing a jacket and an ugly blue polyester tie that Dean would have been embarrassed to wear even if he’d been
Cas doesn’t ask why, but there’s something serious about the way he’s looking at Dean that Dean’s not really sure that he likes. He doesn’t say anything else, though.
She wasn’t lying down with her head on her forearms the way she normally did at the end of a Hatching, seeming tired by all the festivities. She was sitting up, crouched back on her haunches, posture expectant. Her triangular head was angled just a little away so that she could peer at him with one bright, swirling eye—in her happiness, the same bright blue as his own, pupil-less and lovely. She had both of her wings just slightly spread, cupping the air between the pale, delicate silky fans of them, her long neck raised high and regal. Both of the tips of her tail, settled around her forepaws, danced and danced. The air was filled with an expectant hush as even the onlookers dared not comment, punctuated by the snap-crackle and the little frustrated squeals of the dragonet tearing herself free of her egg.
He’s home.
“You call
“Yes,” Castiel says, quietly. He turns the beer bottle around and around in his hand. It’s early evening and he’s not sober. It hardly matters. “My direct supervisor. SSA Uriel Wisdom.”
But that’s not right now, and Dean’s very damned good at dealing with ‘right now.’ Dean swallows, and steps closer. They’re not close enough to touch, far from it, but Cas’s wings shuffle again, and one reaches tentatively out towards him, stretching. A joint makes a little popping sound, the way Dean’s neck does in the mornings sometimes. They both huff out a soft little laugh, together.
“A little,” Cas admitted, and shimmied closer—close enough to rest his head on Dean’s shoulder. He smelled fucking
anymore.”
“Well, no.” He chews on his thumbnail then makes a face. He hasn’t washed in a while. He probably shouldn’t do that. “I guess it's from, um, you know. A movie. That Sam likes.”
Dean smiled down at him. “God, sweetheart, you coming around my fingers like that was so hot—you see how hard you got me?” He shifted his hips back and forth. Him just saying that truly, desperately made Castiel wish he could achieve tumescence again—to say nothing of the fact that he was realizing anew that Dean was masturbating on his living room
He knows.
“Hello,” Eileen says. She’s smiling, too.
Dean pulls off when the taste of salt starts getting thick in his mouth, and three long strokes of his hand later Cas is crying out and letting go—and there’s no other word for it, the abandon in it as his body arcs off the bed, so damned
That’s when Dean has to stop listening, because his own smile just got so big everyone else at his table is edging nervously away from him.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed—though he wasn’t sure that the cheerful thwap that Garth gave his shoulder was entirely warranted. Castiel raised an eyebrow at him, but Garth (unsurprising, at this point) continued to look cheerful about the whole matter. “Are they supposed to be this… tight?” he asked, plucking at his waistline again.
“Get over here,” John Winchester says, and gestures over to where Henricksen’s walking back. “You’re gonna have to say that again, girl. Plain language, this time.”
“He thought I was a vampire and was gonna kill me in my sleep.”
There’s just so
Dean chokes.
But “Thirty-two,” Martin says, seriously, tucking away his piece of paper. “That’s something.”
“I’m FBI,” Henricksen answers, without so much as a crack in his expression. “The paperwork doesn’t end until the world
a cheerful thought.
at night that the pop of the lantern blowing, when it happened, sounded like a gunshot. Considering that this is the longest Dean’s been in pretty much years without hearing an actual gunshot, that’s a weird thought.
!” Dean laughed. “Oh, man, Cas, he has the biggest-ass crush on you.”
Okay then. So. Yeah. Sweet guy that Dean remembers so fondly?
The sting of the cord sinking into Dean’s skin didn’t even make him jump. Not when Cas’s hand was big and warm and smooth inside his. Not when Cas’s thumb was feathering comfortingly back and forth against the crease between Dean’s thumb and forefinger. Not when Dean’s shoulder pulsed just as the little piece of string vanished, and it sure as hell didn’t feel
Cas blinks slowly at him. “Yes…?” he says, frowning. “You asked about her shower perch, I mean, so you must have realized she showers with me.”
“And that’s
still family. Now, looking back, Castiel was surprised no one had started teasing him publicly earlier, before Bartholemew and Hester had moved to the Weyr with their parents. Or maybe they had, and he just hadn’t noticed. That happened sometimes.
“Nah, not really,” Dean admits. That’s a weird thing for her to ask, though: Dean’s pretty sure he can already name more than half the students in the grade, and he’s only been here since October. It’s not a big school, and Patty’s not just friendly—she’s one of the biggest busybodies that Dean’s ever met. He couldn’t have picked a better person to flash a smile at his first day of school—he’s got all the gossip at his fingertips,
Dean has no idea what to say to that. No fucking idea.
But with the way the two celestials in their weird little family are nodding in combined agreement, arguing with them means he’s probably going to get a lecture about how beautiful and fascinating snakes are. And Dean does
Nope. Didn’t like her.
“But why do you let him treat you that way?” Sam demands, and Dean blinks.
Martin didn’t scream. He just whimpered, once.
He understood. He understood perfectly.
“Hell no. But here we are,” Henricksen says, picking absently at the edge of his thumbnail. His eyes are far away. “Pretty sure the batteries on ‘em won’t last long.”
It takes him down, but not before he grabs it hard enough to keep it away from his face. Dean hits the dirt with his hand clamped around its too-hot wrist, claws thick curves of yellow spotted with black rot arcing for his cheek. Cas’s full mouth breathes hot over his chin, smelling dark and hot and dusty as the inside of an old grave. It’s both lighter than it should be sprawled on top of him, like Purgatory’s eating away at it, but it wrestles Dean down and looms over him too easily—like maybe Purgatory’s eating away at him, too.
“Come on, Cas, we should see if it worked,” Sam insists, gesturing from the book Eileen’s holding to the center of the circle.
Castiel carefully walked the spider over to the little hole in the wall and set it there, so it could find its way out to food and light. It disappeared out the other side, and Castiel smiled after it.
It stops. But it does it like a stone stops, or like the wind dying in the eye of a hurricane. There's nothing natural about that kind of stillness. It's not breathing.
Castiel frowned. He was
never happened before—Dean doesn’t know what kind of intent is going on that Eileen’s putting into her chant, those familiar words, but all of a sudden her voice sounds far away.
Cas, he’s pretty sure, doesn’t so much as bat an eyelash. “A suit and tie. Any
that they’ve got a team of hunters on their side instead—right now, it’s just room and board and training shit, Dean doesn’t know if their dad negotiated hazard pay for them and he’s not gonna ask—but they sure as hell don’t seem happy about it. Every time Dean spots Adler watching them, lingering around like a bad smell, he’s got a look on his face like he’s got to take a really big dump.)
“I’ll go after that one, get your scope out and take care of the others before they get me, we good?” Dean asked, heart pounding hard in his chest, but he was ready.
“Oh wow...thank you,” Castiel laughed eagerly grabbing at one of the patties and practically shoved the whole thing into his mouth.  He was still so very hungry and it wasn’t until he was on the third one that Dean gently took his wrists to stop him from shoveling in a fourth.
“What the fu-what happened!” Benny demanded, hands grabbing at his arms to keep him from moving towards them.  Dean and Castiel rushed past him to get inside and he finally turned.  MacCready had been the one to grab him and Benny swallowed hard.
Bitch.
He really hoped Cas would like it.
Castiel dodged into the tall grass as a rain of fire went over his head.  His caravans were under attack by the biggest group of raiders he’d seen in a long time.  Thankfully none of his people were hurt...yet. The bomb they heard earlier had been from their side.  Castiel clutched at his weapon as he chanced to peek up. He’d lost Dean somewhere in the fray and now panic was surging through him like acid.
“Okay, awesome dude..that’s..that’s awesome,” Dean said.
It was slowly nearing a week since he and Benny had left home, Dean wasn’t as antsy to get back as he usually was but that was mostly cause he assumed it would mean leaving Cas, temporarily at least. The guy had a shit ton of work and there were hundreds of people counting on him, he could understand not being able to get away from that.
No problem at all...just give me forty minutes and an address for somewhere nearby that you can get to and I’ll be your personal delivery boy.
“Oh c’mon Dean!  You’ve been acting cagey all day.  Why can’t you tell me?” Sam asked, punching Dean in the arm.
Dean smiled, digging through his photos until he found one of his baby and sent it on.
“Now wait a second-”
“Oh my God, stop it both of you!” Castiel yelled.
“Anything for you Cas.  Love you, sweetheart,” Dean said.  Castiel blew him a kiss and then hung up.  The phone was barely back on his desk as he reached for his laptop to start making a list of all the unmated Alphas and Thetas he knew off the top of his head.
“There were dozens of raiders out there...waiting. I dunno man, but it felt weird. Cas said it was normal though, so I guess...more of the same for you. Got hairy for a bit but I think everyone made it out okay, you’d have to talk to some of your people to be sure though.” Dean shook his head, he didn’t know if it was par for the course for them or if Castiel just didn’t want him worrying, or knowing anything, either way…
I uh work odd jobs,  I help Ellen out at the Roadhouse when she needs it, work part-time as a mechanic and um, I occasionally get called in as backup down at the firehouse.
There was a tingle on the back of his neck, knowing exactly who was behind him before he caught her scent or had to look.  Leeloo plopped down next to him and bumped his shoulder.
“Not sure, Dean won’t tell me,” Sam huffed.
not the one who needs to tell you…”
Castiel sighed, body melting against Dean’s as his boyfriend held him close.  He allowed for the comfort to continue for a few minutes before gently pulling away, “Thank you Dean, now c’mon, lets get you two home,” he said with a soft smile.
“Me too,” Dean said, grinning into Cas’ skin. He knew it was quick, even for him it felt fast and he wasn’t usually one to deprive himself for long, even still… “Why don’t you stay?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Dean said, shaking his head. It was a Herculean effort, but he finally managed to crawl his ass out of bed and back into his clothes after a quick wiping down from the basin. “The kid is gonna be ecstatic.”
of Nordhagen.
“You’re telling me,” Leeloo teased, “Tell me honestly, do you feel better?”
“Did Keelie say she was too young for that tonic?” Hael said.
Castiel finally met his friend’s eyes and stared at him for a breath or two before forcing out a breath, “Maybe...maybe the two in there got more than a little under my skin...more than I’m comfortable admitting to,” he said softly, hands wringing together over his knees.
“We will, but we’re not going to be careless,” Castiel said with a firm nod.  With everyone recharged, they headed into the building.
MacCready cursed and swore to himself that he’d just turn all that attention back onto his gun. He’d take precious, methodical care of it until his brain stopped, or he shot himself, whichever came first.
“D-Dean?” Castiel stammered.  His eyelids felt like lead though the rest of him felt pretty good, almost numb.  He’d woken up scared for a moment, not knowing where he was until he heard the sounds of the sea outside.  Then he’d almost cried with relief. He was home. His vision was a bit blurry but he could see the shape of Dean clearly next to him, his soft snores reaching Castiel’s ears.  Almost just as soothing as the crashing waves outside. He didn’t know what was more surprising, finding Dean sitting beside him or that their hands were clasped together. The hateful side of him wanted to pull away but he didn’t.  The contact was nice, a more hungry side of him that he hadn’t felt in a while crept up, craving more.
“Wait, so...oh fuck.  Dean...your dad…” Benny hissed, his hands rubbing against his face roughly.
“Just start at the beginning,” Mary said, nodding shortly to encourage the boys to speak their minds.
Castiel nodded and quickly did as he was told.  He nearly dropped everything though when he was nearly tackled by his sister Anna.  They laughed and got everything set up in the kitchen for Dean and Castiel made his rounds to hug everyone.  When he spotted Gabriel, he did the tackling this time and they crashed onto the floor in a heap.
“Lies,” Castiel grinned, reaching out to grab at Dean’s sleeve.  He pulled on the leather until they were at one of the couches in the corner and he sat down, greedily getting the lid completely off, “Seriously though Dean, this smells like heaven and sin at the same time.”
Nearly an hour later, Dean had designed his own ring and he’d be picking it up in two weeks…
As always, I love each and every single one of you.  The comments, the kudos...all of it.  It means the world to me.
“It would be nice to see you,” Willa read allowed and sighed, her phone making a clunk as she tossed it onto her desk.  Yeah, like her parents would allow her to leave the premises even if it was to hang out with her fellow pack mates.
Now, he stood back to appreciate his work and couldn’t help smirking.  It was probably his best yet and mentally patted himself on the back.  He wasn’t ashamed to admit how much he jumped when an actual hand clamped down on his shoulder just a mere moment later.
“I for one, believe they do.  Especially since someone brought me a synth to dissect a month ago, the thing looked human until they showed me the bullet wound in its chest.  The last we heard was the Gen 2 synths were the last of their kind before C.I.T. was attacked and raided,” Charlie sighed.
Castiel didn’t hug him back right away but that last sentence seemed to crack the very foundation of this personal mission he’d been on.  He clutched at MacCready’s trenchcoat and collapsed but still, he refused to cry. He allowed himself this much weakness, the rest would come once he was safe behind the walls of his own hut.
“From what he said they sent off all the signals, but were picked apart by raiders, then other things out in the Commonwealth once they tried to run. It was damn horrific, the way he described it,” Dean said as a shiver ran down his spine. He remembered the dark, empty look in Castiel’s eyes when he told the story. He never wanted to see that expression again. “That’s why I want to find out what happened, y’know? I didn’t think any of our people would do that.”
“Everything okay sis?” Mason asked through a yawn.  Leeloo nodded, forcing a smile.
He hated letting Andy out of his sight but he didn’t want to give the kid any more issues than he’d already managed to put on him. They’d taken him all over the settlement when they’d first arrived and Benny had introduced him to Bobby, Mary, and a few others. All people he really trusted, though MacCready bit his tongue on the Winchester woman. He trusted Benny’s judgment and if the guy said she’d make sure his kid didn’t get hurt, well he had to believe that.
Castiel had not expected that many people to rush through the gates all at once.  It made his vision blur a bit and his breathing hitched. Many of them were wearing Minutemen uniforms and Castiel had to turn away for a second, telling himself over and over again that he could do this.
“Cas,” Dean said, shaking his head, “It’s nothing to be worried about, I promise...just something I want to show you.”
“You gonna tell me what this is about?” he asked, moving to help Dean get the projector screen down.  They usually used it for movie nights out on the lawn but that hadn’t been part of the plans for the evening.
“Better work fast,” Dean said with a grin, knowing Benny would take care of him as he moved closer, gun strapped to his thigh, knife in hand. He snuck around the junked out cars, hunkering down behind some faded red thing, before jumping out behind one of the raiders and digging his knife in deep in the slit between their armor.
“What he means is that you’re different from the others around here,” Benny said softly.
Mason took a moment then shook his head, raising up watery blue-green eyes at her. She smiled softly and cupped his face, “Exactly. We all contribute, we all mean something to each other because we’re a family. We’re a pack. And if you ever need help remembering that you should look in the mirror sometimes. Only you and I share a mixture of dad and pop’s eye colors,” she grinned.  Mason blinked a few times and dove for the water, staring down at his reflection. She heard a sniffle and carefully got up to sit next to her brother along the bank.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are gorgeous,” Castiel sighed, leaning down to place a kiss on Dean’s sternum before trailing his lips slowly over so he could drag his tongue over his right nipple.
“That poor girl still in heat I take it?” she asked.  There was a grunt and Hael sighed, moving into the family room so Quinn couldn’t overhear.
mate Rhia.  He feels it with you too and so do I,” she said.  Rhiannon laughed bitterly and shook her head.
“I don’t gotta do nothin Lee,” He grumbled getting up so fast she nearly fell off the log.  The warmth where his hand had been in hers was cold now and she looked up at him grumpily.
“You-” Dean paused, a small giddy laugh escaping his lips. “You’re beautiful and awesome and I just-God Cas, I-” The words started to get caught in his throat. He knew it was stupid, to feel so strongly about someone he’d known for such a short amount of time but he did. It wasn’t just the deep blue eyes, chiseled jaw, and tightly toned body that drew him in but Cas was fucking amazing. He was one of the best fighters Dean had ever seen, he was brave and strong, he wanted so badly to help everyone, and he did a damn good job of it.
Need somewhere to crash for the night?
“Are you planning on leaving me again?” Dean asked, even though it was painful to get the words out, even though he knew, deep inside himself somewhere that Cas wouldn’t have come back to him if he wasn’t ready to be there.
Benny gave MacCready a little questioning look but shrugged, something was going on between him and Castiel and if he needed a moment then Benny would give it to him.  He quickened his steps and clapped a hand on Dean’s back, “C’mon,” he said with a huge smile.
“Boss!  You alright!” Balthazar shouted, running over to them.  Castiel stared at him until he realized he was covered in blood from that raider who attacked Dean.  He nodded numbly and grasped at Balthazar’s arm.
“Hell now that you I don’t see how you’d like me any better...I just, I needed to know you were okay.”
“Yeah, maybe.  See ya later asshat,” Oz smirked.
“Not that you don’t do a good job of that already,” he added with a smirk.
“Right now I can say I’d love to but when we get there, I can’t promise I won’t freak out.  I’m still trying to get used to the fact that the Minutemen aren’t actually my enemy but seeing all of you at the same time...might make me panic,” he said softly and this time he allowed for himself to cower a bit, his face hiding against Dean’s chest.
Gripping the coffee mug in one hand and a muffin in the other he stepped out of the house and took in a deep breath.  There was a chill in the air that Castiel wanted to take full advantage of. Soon it was going to grow hotter and Castiel was not looking forward to that.  He loved the cold. There were so many opportunities for cuddling with his mate and pups whereas in the summer it took all of Castiel’s restraint to not kick them out of the bed entirely.
Please check out me out on my tumblr @bugandkitlove!
“I really don’t want you to move but I need to talk to MacCready.  Will you please find him?” he asked, tracing the lines of Dean’s face with the pads of his fingers.
Hael sighed and tried to wrack her brain for an idea when she heard Quinn singing.  She looked over again and felt a literal light bulb click on her head.
“Shhh, shh it’s okay, whatever it is, it’s okay,” Dean promised, telling himself it was probably wrong, how much he just never wanted to let Cas out of his sight again. Granted, he’d never actually hold him prisoner but the urge to never let go was  growing more desperate each passing moment.
“They can go ahead and try,” Castiel said and kissed him again, “Now c’mon before we’re late,” he said, spinning on his heel to hurry out of the room.
Castiel stared up at Dean as a slow smile tugged at his lips, that churning returning to his belly, “Really?” he asked.
He dropped down out of the tree and winced as his bad ankle folded under him before he crawled over to where Benny was still lying lifeless on the ground.
“Of course, sweetheart. It’s not like I’m thinkin’ about anyone else right now and believe it or not, you feel really, really good right here,” Dean said, more than a little confused how Cas could be so surprised by the desire and raw want he brought out but he knew there were some major insecurities at play, so he left it alone.
He was surprised to see something written on the receipt until he realized it was a phone number. It happened from time to time but Dean never bothered calling anyone. He wasn’t really interested in women, not since-not anymore. He shoved the note in his apron along with a few clean napkins that needed to be tossed away and went on about his shift.
“Mace, you gotta-”
“Nice of you to notice,” he grumbled and closed his eyes.  It was a knee-jerk reaction and he regretted it immediately.  It wasn’t like he had told MacCready he was leaving...but usually he never had to.
Dean nodded, he did know. At least his idiot brother was being smart about it, which was more than what could be said of their father. “Sure, but don’t just take off in the morning, I’ve got something good for you but I’m not giving it to you til you sober up.”
“N-No...it...it wasn’t anything personal,” Castiel hiccuped, pulling away a bit to wipe at his eyes.  A warm hand touched his face and he was only slightly embarrassed just how much he pushed his face into that warmth.
Sarcastically, he turned to Benny with a smirk. “Same goes for you hot stuff, I’ll kill the Brahmin with my bare hands if you want, sugar cube.”
“Many of you have been asking about our two new guests and have heard the rumors.  I’m here to tell you now, that the rumor is true. They are Minutemen,” he said. There was a collective gasp and everyone began fidgeting nervously.
“I did, also saw little ones and I know you did too. Not that I mind, boss I just want you to be honest with me. If I’m gonna die today, I damn sure want you to acknowledge the reason why,” MacCready said, shaking his head to himself. Castiel pretended to be a man of steel and for the most part he was, but you put anything human and under the age of ten in front of him and the man melted into a pile of goo on the inside.
“You couldn’t get me to move off this bed even if you held a gun to my head,” Castiel grinned, nuzzling into Dean’s neck.  Happiness and hope swirled dangerously in his chest and just this once he allowed for himself to swim in.  To pull it around him like a blanket.  He wasn’t sure if he’d fallen asleep again or not but he twitched when there was a steady knock on Dean’s bedroom door.
At Benny’s sneeze, she chuckled, “Told you it was gross down here.  Okay, so you said it was what ten years ago? So that would be 2277,” she mumbled to herself going over to a shelf filled with boxes labeled with the year.
Castiel nodded, leading them into the trees and away from his people.  He could tell by their stares that they didn’t like it but Castiel just waved at them, silently telling them that it was okay.  They found some fallen logs and while Dean and Benny sat, Castiel stood and MacCready kept watch. It was then it hit him how much he had missed his best friend.
“Take a picture with me,” he said, turning his phone camera on. He didn’t dare use the front camera because Cas was sure to spot the ring if he did, instead he made the excuse that the photo would be much better quality if they used the rear one.
How had her son become so easily manipulated?
“So, let me get this right.  You want to take Alpha pheromones and put them in stuffed animals?” He asked slowly.  Hael nodded eagerly and held up a teddy bear that had seen better days.
Samandriel made a face, “She’s out running, why?”
Castiel snuggled closer to Dean and smiled.  Tonight they had a picnic at their favorite hiking spot and the sun was going down.  Soon the stars would be shining down on the small lake they were at and Castiel couldn’t think of a better spot to spend the night with Dean.  Well, besides their bed of course.
They snuggled on the window seat for a bit longer until they returned back into the heart of the kitchen, Kenton munching on his newly warmed up crescent rolls.  Charlie had a cup of tea in her hands while Anna worked on making a simple supper of stew and some rolls.
But the thing was…
Castiel quirked up a brow and nodded.  This had to be about what had almost happened while they were on the road.  It had to be. He sighed softly and lead the way to the bath house, closing the door behind Dean before turning to him, “Look Dean, I-”
“No offense High King but it would be a loan,” she said. Dean and a few others chuckled.
Leeloo smiled softly, “You know, you’re the only one who calls me that,” she said with a crooked grin.  Kenton chuckled, shaking his head. Leeloo laughed as well, “So what exactly do you think is wrong with you?”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me-”
Benny nodded quickly, “Yeah...we’re, they’re trying to keep it a secret for now,” he said.
“How’s your new hire?” she countered with a snicker.  Adam scoffed the noise growing quiet as she assumed he was moving away from all the noise in the background.
“The two of you made everything worth it,” Mary said wiping at her eye quickly, not wanting to embarrass her son or make a mess of herself.  She did lean up to press a kiss to Dean’s cheek, “Make sure to come say goodbye before you take off in the morning,” she said with a firm tone.
“Muriel, I’m gonna need you to put some blankets down in the van or find me a cot or something, he probably hasn’t slept more than an hour or two in days…” MacCready announced, ordering them around as if he were still second in command.
“I know but in some of those pictures it was
“I love you, Cas...I love you so freakin’ much...it’s been killing me,” he said, laughing as his family started to crowd around them, patting their backs and offering congratulations. More than a few of them with wet eyes.
Castiel blushed furiously and tried to duck his face again though Dean wouldn’t let him.  The grip on his chin was firm but still gentle, the pad of his thumb brushing along his jawline.  Castiel completely forgot about the mask on his face as he leaned in, brushing their lips together.  The brush of their lips sent chills down his spine that turned into a snort of laughter when he tried to pull away, their masks sticking together.
“That’s not possible Lee, you can’t have two mates,” Rhiannon said, her brow furrowing and she tried to get away again but Leeloo wasn’t going to let that happen.
: Which is kind of hilarious because I have a little brother who is single as well.  Interested?
of radiation.”
“She was so excited to help you with that, she couldn’t stop talking about it this weekend.  Along with her plans for torturing the others,” Anna grinned and then continued, “I know you usually take care of your own snacks but I went ahead and made your favorite,” she giggled.  Kenton hugged her again as his hand snatched one up. They were still gloriously warm but not too hot to shove the entire thing into his mouth.
Um...honestly?  It’s been a while.  I mean, right now I’m just eating these nasty protein bars while studying.
“Oh man, Aine, I’m so sorry,” Mason whined, quickly shifting into his wolf form to jump on the bed.  He curled up behind her, nose wet nose burrowing into her neck. She felt herself practically melt into the bed.
What about you?  What do you do?
Castiel’s eyes fluttered a bit and forced himself to look down.  When he did, he noticed it too.  The hard lines of his abs were disappearing, growing softer with the weight he was beginning to gain.  The panic from earlier was subsiding, a sense of awe taking its place.  He touched at his stomach, his fingers splayed out over his skin, and smiled so wide his cheeks ached.  It was happening, his body was starting to change.  Which meant others would begin to notice as well.
Amara pulled him in against her chest, hugging around him tightly in the short bit of silence before she continued. “Dean said you were worth it, and he’s right.”
“Whoa there,” Benny said, righting the kid back on his feet, “Careful, still need your help over here,” he chuckled, shaking his head as he kept their hands together to help him over to the rows that they needed to be at.  The hairs on the back of his neck were suddenly standing on end and he raised his head up to find MacCready practically glaring over at them. He frowned, sighing heavily before turning his attention back to Samandriel.
“Benny Lafitte, Dean Winchester from Sanctuary Hills,” Benny said, procuring the list Bobby had made them and handed it over to the man.
“Okay.  Go call him and I’ll talk to my dad about him staying the weekend,” she said.  Rhiannon bit her lip, her eyes drifting down to Leeloo’s lips. It had been happening more regularly now, the both of them staring at each other’s mouth.  They’d never kissed before and while everyone thought it was funny...Leeloo knew that they were waiting until it was the right time. They were mates but didn’t mean they had to rush through everything.
“Grab that edge,” he said, pointing to the screen. “Help me pull this damn thing down, it’s stuck and I need it…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel nodded, “Of course,” he said and slowly got up, then took Dean’s hand to lead him towards the door.
“One-second baby,” Dean said and excused himself to a quieter spot, “How are you?” he asked.  Castiel smiled at him, his eyes soft and tired. There was a wave of guilt at leaving his mate alone to handle their pups but Castiel was already shaking his head at him.
“My face feels great now,” Castiel hummed, making faces to feel how tight his skin felt now.  Dean chuckled at him but for once, Castiel didn’t blush. He gave his
He shrugged…”It said online that it smelled good and shit and I remember you not liking how much money Amara was spending on your um, face stuff. This is definitely not the same thing you were talking about, it’s an um, a scrub or something so it’s kinda gritty but like I said, the reviews for it were really good…”
Mary squeezed at Benny, her hands cupping the sides of his face when they parted and then turned her attention to Dean, “Oh I’ve been so worried,” she said pulling her son in tightly.
“No, he’s just being sweet,” Kenton said quickly.  Leeloo snorted.
I’m not sure if my mom will say yes but I’ll ask.
“Yeah, about that…” MacCready said, rubbing at the back of his neck as a sigh escaped him.
They stayed like that longer than they should have but neither wanted to release the other.
“Here you go, now make sure before you leave to get suited up.  Bobby’s in the armory already and he can help you pick the right ones,” Mary said with a heavy sigh.
Castiel sighed heavily, “Thanks...she was a little intense,” Castiel muttered, moving to sink down on the steps, “I gotta make the call soon,” he said, wincing at how tired his voice really sounded.  Just a bit more and he’d be in his hut at Nordhagen.
“Yeah sure, of course.  What’s goin on?” Sam asked.  Whatever his brother was holding back was spilling out in waves and Sam was suddenly all too eager to learn what this was all about.
Castiel winced a little at the state Benny was in and knelt down next to the man, “I can’t guarantee but it’ll be somewhere safe for you to rest until you can move a bit better on your own,” he said with a little smile.
There was a small gasp and Mary hadn’t even realized it came from her until she saw the band around Dean’s ring finger and snapped her mouth shut. She was partly terrified, that something like this could happen so soon but more than anything Dean seemed worried and that just wouldn’t do. How had she screwed up so much that her own son couldn’t count on her to be happy for him.
“Oh, honey, don’t cry.  Come here,” Anna cooed, pulling him closer until he was cradled in her arms.
“Thank you all, as always we protect each other,” he said.  There were a few shouts of encouragement and he smiled, moving down the steps to gather up Inias in his arms.  His body was tense but within seconds Inias all but deflated as he began sobbing into Castiel's shoulder.
Are there going to be others going with?
Castiel glanced around the infant settlement and took in a deep breath.  He could do this. MacCready was restless next to him and Castiel completely understood the feeling.  Jamaica Plains was the farthest one they’d attempted to ally with but they’d heard their distress calls over their long range.  And so far, he hadn’t seen any signs of the Brotherhood or Minutemen coming to their aid.
“They’re…” Castiel turned to look at the other two and the expression on MacCready’s face wasn’t something he’d ever seen before.  He wasn’t quite sure how to even read it, “They’re friends. He needs a doctor though, do you have any Stimpaks?” Castiel asked. The girl nodded quickly, guiding them to a house that Castiel was assuming was being used for their clinic.
“Hey, Bobby. Everythin’ looks good but we might need another patrol to cover the shoreline down by the dock. We’ve seen a jump in those big ass bloat flies lately and I wouldn’t want anyone gettin’ stung,” Dean said, pressing a hand against the wrought iron panels nailed to the back of the wood-paneled border around the settlement.
“Where’s that kid of yours?” Bobby asked glancing around the settlement.  It was still early in the morning but the Winchester boys were always up with the sun, just like their mother.
“Dean, c’mon tell me,” Castiel pouted, “It’s a scary one, isn’t it.  That’s why you don’t wanna say,” he laughed.
“Having five pups is hard,” Castiel groaned rubbing at his forehead as both of them laughed.  Samandriel grabbed at Castiel’s nearly empty mug and refilled it from the pot next to the sink.  Castiel grumbled a thank and almost downed the entire thing.
“Yep, they’re accessible by everyone.  There is a password for the terminals though, it’s freedom,” she said, “Is there something specific you’re looking for?”
“I’m done,” he called out.
, is in pain. He cares about you, he’s not just going to move on to a newer, younger model. Take it from someone who knows you, little brother. There is
“So, you’re not selfish.  Or self-indulgent or whatever else you came up with.  Your children are living proof of it. Don’t believe me, ask them.  But in the end, you need to ask yourself if having another one is something
She laughed, “I hate you but I love you more.”
It could be his chance though, his chance to prove he was worth something.
It took what felt like forever but they managed to reach Jamaica Plains, the girl they had met before stopped her work at the well and hurried to them.
Anna stilled and gently pried him off her shoulder to give him a steady look, “You baby boy are
Right now I’m just taking anything I can to see if anything lights the fire inside.
The air in Castiel’s lungs was stuck and it took a moment for him to catch up.  He gently pushed the other one onto Dean’s finger and finally let out a sob, “Damn hormones,” he tried to joke but it came out all garbled and he hiccuped.
I’d really like that.
Weathers nodded and quickly went to his main Brahmin to grab his shoulder bag, packing it tightly with everything he would need that The Castle probably wouldn’t have, “Vince, you can meet us there, these two will protect me if anything happens do not fret my friend,” Weathers said and without another word he took off in a run, already knowing the way.  Thankfully nothing jumped out at them or attacked them.  He almost thought he’d run the wrong way for a moment, not recognizing the rebuilt walls of The Castle.
If you don’t mind, you can choose this time and I’ll choose next time?
Dean slid his hand gently over Cas’ stomach. Something that had become quite a bit of a habit, but instead of the hard firm lines there was an unexpected softness to it. Immediately his eyes dropped down to the exposed skin and he grinned. “Cas...look. Sweetheart look, your stomach...it’s- it’s not completely flat anymore.”
Dean checked over his notes one more time and nodded his head slowly, “We don’t have plans on building any more new safe houses in Oregon.  With the seven that we already have in place, there is no need for it,” he said. The other Conris and Banrions in the room all nodded. A hand was raised and Dean smiled, nodding his head for Amara to speak.
Sam looked between them and laughed a little abruptly that ended in a choke when he realized that neither of them was laughing with him, “Wait...what?”
Once that one was taken care of, Dean crouched down, pushing himself closer to the group. Benny and the strangers were taking care of a cluster on the side that were handling explosives, but there were still a couple laying down fire and Dean needed to put them out of commission before someone got hurt.
“Well, looks like we got work to do,” Dean grinned, pulling Cas in close against his chest before dragging them both off the couch. “We’ve had a long day. You get in touch with Rufus, and we’ll head out in a couple of days. I want a break, Cas needs one, and it’ll give Mac and Benny a little longer with the kid before we have to take off. Mom-”
“Home sweet home,” Benny said, turning to look at the others, “Welcome to Sanctuary Hills boys.” Someone on watch must have seen them, the gates were being pulled open and there was some shouting.  Benny quickly turned again to see how Castiel was doing. From the paleness in his face, Benny was guessing the poor guy was about two seconds from bolting.
“I’ll be back,” Sam said, getting up from the table.
“We’re gonna meet up at Bobby’s later to talk some stuff through but we’ll see you there, okay?” Dean asked, hoping it would be enough for her to agree and step away. Even if Cas didn’t want to tell her about the baby just yet, Dean thought she should know about the rings, and about their significance. After everything had come to a head before things were easier between them now but it still wasn’t as comfortable as it probably should have been, for any of them.
“Rhia, there’s something I should have told you when I first noticed it.  I was scared to. I didn’t know how you would react but I realize now that it was a mistake,” she said as Rhiannon’s fingers dug into her sides,
When he got closer he just heard bare snippets of a conversation before Samandriel looked up at him and flinched.
Castiel smiled softly, kissing at Dean’s lips, “You have me, Dean,” he said reaching between them to start undoing Dean’s pants.  It took some squirming but he managed to get both of their cocks free and he gripped them tightly in his fist, “Oh God,” he groaned, stroking both of their now slick cocks slowly at first.  He wanted to look down but he couldn't tear his eyes off of Dean’s face, how it contorted in pleasure. Those beautiful green eyes slowly disappearing the more blown out his pupils became. It was too much and too little at the same time, his body shaking at the intensity of it and the attempt to hold off just a bit longer.  The fingers of his free hand gripped the back of Dean’s hair, keeping their foreheads pressed together as they panted and groaned against each other's mouths. His hand that was gripping them sped up, Castiel’s thumb dragging over Dean’s slit just to hear more of those amazing sounds.
They’d managed to defeat the people who threatened their way of life, but there were still horrible people out there. Still hunters that believed they didn’t deserve to live. It didn’t matter that they hunted on their own land and kept away from humans. Though accidents happened and there were rogues out there who followed their own rules. It made Dean all the more grateful that he had Victor.
“I love you,” Castiel sighed, tilting his head up to kiss at Dean’s chin.
It was a couple of hours later he was in his bedroom, feeling more peace then he had in a while.  His college registration completed and just waiting for him to go back to campus to get it all turned in.  He glanced at his phone sitting next to him on the desk and bit his lip.
Dean quickly turned his attention to MacCready, rearing back without thinking and connecting his fist with the man’s sharp jaw. The hot sting of pain surged through his knuckles and forearm but he couldn’t care less.
“Tell me, how do you feel?” she asked softly.  Rhiannon took a moment, a small smile finally creeping up on her lips.
“Cas,” he said, like a blessing, like a prayer, like it was
“I can stay, but I will have to go back to my dorm to study later though,” Castiel sighed.
Castiel chewed on his thumbnail before nodding, “I will.  Thank you for thinking of this Hael. I’m actually embarrassed that no one has come up with this idea before now,” he laughed.  Hael joined in and shrugged.
Not that I’m complaining...but be careful.
“The factory is cleared out as we promised,” he said.  She blinked up at him and nodded twice.
Castiel smiled softly.  He could barely make a decision on what to study and here this man was, doing so many different things at once.
“Boss?” Muriel called out softly, making Castiel flinch hard.  He’d given his people orders, to shoot Minutemen on sight. And yet here were two of them and Castiel was hesitating.  There was just something about Dean that made him want to stop. He lowered his arm and took in a painful breath, “It’s alright Muriel...stay on guard,” he said before turning back to Dean.
“Of course,” Dean grinned, his boy had a soft spot for any kind of peanut butter treat. “I’ll pick the old fashioned chocolate chip and they should go pretty well together.”
Samandriel flushed hard and stuttered as he tried to catch up, the nickname had made butterflies in his belly and thrown his already clumsy body off even further.
Now though, all business talk was packed away and light chatter filled Dean’s ears. It always managed to make his heart sing when he saw all the packs getting along. He was just about to join Cain when there was a hand on his shoulder. Benny grinned at him, holding out his cell phone.
“I should have done this sooner but as you all have probably heard, I wasn’t exactly in the right mind frame when I returned home.  For those of you who asked and actively sought me out in concern, I’m okay now,” Castiel said, folding his hands in front of him. There was a small touch at his elbow and he nodded.
“Yeah, that’s all Castiel. He’s done this for a lot of places, it’s...something to see it happen,” MacCready answered, surprised by how quickly they’d made it back. Doc wasn’t as young as the two of them but hell if he hadn’t kept up and made a liar out of MacCready, even if it was only in his mind.
Things were tense the next morning.  Castiel was nervous that MacCready would open his mouth and say something stupid about what he had learned yesterday.  He was still pretty annoyed that Rachel outed him like that. It was a personal stab at him that had nothing to do with what they were even arguing about.  Muriel wanted to know where they stood and if Castiel was being manipulated while Rachel was questioning his leadership. Castiel asked Hannah to keep an eye on her, he had a strange feeling in his gut when it came to her now.
It had been over a week, every day Dean did something to document the ring and Cas’ oblivious nature. It was starting to become harder to hide his excitement and he was pretty sure he’d get caught soon. It didn’t help that they were going to a fancy dinner party to celebrate Cas’ big promotion. Dean wanted nothing more than to make the man as happy as humanly possible but he also couldn’t bare to steal the spotlight after Cas had worked so damn hard to get everyone on board with the most recent designs.
“Sure thing, bud. Just make sure there’s somebody there watchin’ k? One of the people we told you about… if there’s not come back and get me and I’ll take you down there,” he said, his heart clenching a bit in his chest as his son raced off toward the water’s edge.
I’m sorry you can’t be here and getting home schooled like the rest of us.  As for Quinn, she’s a strange one I guess haha.
“I’ll check on him Cas. He’ll get a piece of his precious cobbler don’t worry,” he laughed and hurried away from the table toward the garage.
“Hey, Castiel? Cas?” he said, trying to fight off the awkwardness of a first meeting and the fact that he probably didn’t even know how to pronounce the dude’s name right.
“I know love but I have to see this through, once it’s finished I promise I can at least try to settle,” Castiel said, giving him a teasing smile.
He finally made it to the small house out by the river that ran along Sanctuary Hills. It wasn’t in perfect condition, no houses really were any more, but it was sturdy and warm, and there were half a dozen beds on the top floor.
Castiel stood up from his desk chair and flopped down on his bed instead, groaning at the way his back released its tension.
“I-I didn’t know….how-how could he have done that to her?” Brady whined.  Dean swallowed hard and rubbed at Brady’s shoulder.
“You tell him or I will, boss. I know better than anyone that a man has a right to privacy on some things and usually, I’d give you a little leeway. But with Dean in the picture now, I’m not always on your six and I need to know that you’re doin’ okay.
“Dammit RJ,” Castiel laughed shaking his head, “Did the last team head out already?” Castiel asked.
“Dean?  You alright?” she asked.
“Oh, I’m not sure, I think there’s some tato seeds and we have some potato chunks used for planting, those I’m used to,” he said, feeling a different kind of heat snake up his neck. He’d been working in the garden for a long time but the melon seeds were new to him at least.
“I love you too, sweetheart.” It had been nearly three weeks already and Cas was still pretty much in the dark. Dean started to suspect that he knew
“I want to be anywhere that isn’t happening,” he said, pointing his head back toward where Castiel is giving Dean a look. Despite the fact that he’d slept with the man several times, he’d never been on the receiving end of something so hungry.
Dean grinned to himself, he was so excited he couldn’t really sleep. It was going to be hell on him later but it didn’t matter because right now the delicate, intricate, unique ring that just
~blush emoji~  No, just us.
Bobby swallowed hard, nodding a bit as he turned on his heel.  If his hand touched at his privates protectively just imagining that scenario, only he knew about it.
“Let me stop ya there son.  Hauling that kind of material across the Commonwealth is not only suicidal but asking for a shit load of trouble that I don’t got time to deal with.  Especially havin to explain to good ol Singer why his precious green horn got murdered on the way here,” She said with another shake of her head. They passed the threshold of the walls and she jerked her thumb, “Cots are that way.  Let me give ya piece of advice kid, comin in with that kind of attitude ain’t gonna get you nowhere around here. Especially with us vets. So, keep your mouth shut, get your supplies and get the hell on out,” she said, eyeing both kids before striding back out towards her post.
Amara snorted at herself and then quickly opened the window for Castiel.
“C’mon, let’s grab some food and a couple hours of shut-eye...then maybe we can find someone who is less of a dick to talk to about the attacks.”
“What do I owe this pleasure Twin?” she asked, lowering the laptop to push it away from her.  Castiel sat down on the stool across from her, elbows leaning up on the table.
.  For Michael and Tessa to keep the poor girl away.  Of course, when Hael would bring anything like that up, she'd get a scoff and a roll of eyes from Tessa, claiming that they weren't keeping the girl away from anyone.  To that Hael rolled her own eyes and kept out of their business from then on.  It was a topic she was going to bring up to Castiel this weekend though.
Castiel frowned, “Dean?” he called out, his hand going to the doorknob only to have it pulled out of his hand.  The alcohol was strong but he didn’t care, Dean was standing in front of him and for whatever wonderful reason, it didn’t look like Dean hated him.
Castiel checked the apothecary first but there was no sign of his friend inside.  The garden was next. Keelie and Pamela were on their knees already digging into the soft, rich soil.  The scent of it reached his nose and he sighed with content. He walked down the middle of the garden, offering half of his muffin to his sister who greedily took a bite while gently putting a fresh strawberry up to his mouth.  He groaned at the taste while both women chuckled at him.
We’re officially in a relationship!
“Hm, Bobby’s boys, well, welcome to The Castle!  Ronnie here will show you were to set down your packs,” Rufus said with a nod, “I’ll work on getting these supplies together.”
Castiel was dead on his feet, the withdrawal from the Jet making him itchy and grouchy, practically snapping at everyone as they slowly made their way towards Nordhagen.  They were almost home, just a few more hours. It was a long harder trek with the train of caravans, especially with the second shipment arriving just before they left. Now though he knew Jamaica Plains was more than fortified and well supplied.  They were bringing back food and medicine so even though he felt the last bit of his heart was hanging on by a thread, it had been a successful trip.
“I don't know what your sudden fucking problem here is Dean but if you think I’m gonna let him stay out here with you acting like some damn neanderthal...yeah, ain’t happenin,” MacCready said with a shake of his head.
“You have got to be fucking kidding me!” Castiel said, fingers gripping at the small wall that they were crouched behind.  He couldn't believe it, it was them! Dean and Benny were walking quickly, as if on a mission and heading straight to the factory.  Had they gone to Jamaica Plains and gotten the same job as they did? A flare of anger surged through him when he realized they didn’t even have their guns out and ready.
Castiel nodded and looked around for another quick minute before going towards the candle making station.  He’d never made one before and he loved candles, a piece of information he could see Dean filing away for later.  Castiel smiled up at him and they got to work.
“Those Alphas...they were born and brainwashed to believe that was the only way to live.  Even if Kyra hadn’t asked for us to end his life, he wouldn’t have wanted to convert to our ways.  A way of love and acceptance...of equality. That was why he was put down, along with the others. There is no room in our world for their kind of hate.  We’re hoping you’re not going to go down that road,” Dean said. Brady flinched and quickly sat up, his eyes red and puffy from his crying.
There was a long black piece of metal ahead, that had surely seen better days, but it called to him and Dean moved closer. He’d barely crawled behind the thing before something opened fire on him and gunshots were ringing in his ears.
Sam flushed, not even minding that Dean had called him Sammy...again, “Thanks. I had to make sure my big brother had the best.  Bobby’s been hinting at this for a while now so I’ve been making sure to keep the best pieces for myself,” he explained.
Castiel wasn’t ashamed when he had to brush away the few tears that had spilled out.  Sam was so happy for them he was talking a mile a minute that Castiel couldn’t keep up.
Soon. Soon he would ask and hopefully Cas would say yes.
organized mess, “Don’t touch that,” he barked when Benny tried to tap at something with his finger.  The older boy looked sheepish and quickly moved away.
A pretty blonde woman eyed Dean suspiciously but pulled a stretcher from one of the loads and laid a few warm blankets on it. He gently eased Cas onto the soft fabric and let out a painful sound. It hurt so much to see him like this, it wasn’t the tears or the vomit even that had put Dean off but the pale, placid color of his skin, the way he looked even before he’d heard them out, like he’d worked himself to death just so he didn’t have to stop, didn’t have to think.
I’d like to but I’m doing something already.  Sorry man.
“Whoa, whoa now.  No one touches the Doc’s stuff,” one of the caravan guards growled out, the rifle in his hand rising up.  Weathers scoffed and raised up to his feet.
“What?  I have a final to study for,” Castiel said, crossing his arms over his chest.  There were people looking at them now, the whispered insults he’d heard over and over again the week before replaying in his head, “I need to go Amara.”
Dean moved forward, even though he knew better, knew he shouldn’t-not without permission, he just-
Benny came rushing out with their packs and their rifles, not even pausing a second to hand them over.  He followed MacCready when he began to run, the panic pouring off of him in waves, “What the hell happened?” he asked, keeping pace with his boyfriend.
“Hael, this better be more innocent then what I think it is,” she growled out.
Be sure to follow me on Tumblr at @bugandkitlove for behind the scenes information for this chapter!
she lost the armor.
The urge to call Castiel out on that was strong but he forced the words back down, he’d save that for another time. They apparently had bigger fish to fry. “Look Murray, we understand why you might be upset by the change, and why you might even be concerned, but there was a lot of things explained to us that made situations in our past, in our
(See the end of the chapter for
else so badly.
Dean sent it before he could stop himself and then winced. It totally sounded weird  but- his phone dinged immediately and his eyes automatically dropped down to the lit screen.
“Cas, fuck-Cas I-” Dean moaned between the kisses while his hips jerked a bit trying for
Dean waited until his surrogate uncle wasn’t surrounded by a small circle of people to finally push through and say something. “Hey, Bobby. I know this is probably gonna come as a big surprise, but Benny’s heading out with me in the mornin’.”
Amara slumped back against her couch as she read Dean’s messages.  She had said being just friends would work but she couldn't deny the disappointment settling in her chest.  She was about to put her phone down when it buzzed again.
He huffed out a sigh, he hated this but someone really needed to watch out for Cas and neither of them had spent enough time with one another lately for that to be him. “Look I can give you tonight but if Dean doesn’t know by morning, I’ll tell him myself Castiel. I suggest you get it over with. You’ve got enough stress on your plate with all the meetings and politics that are coming, tell him here where he can freak out if he has to, and you don’t have a whole town watching.”
he’d had to look away. Dean pushed down the bitter feeling in his stomach and turned back the way he came. He’d barely made it out of sight when he ran straight into Benny nearly knocking them both over.
“Bath is free if you need it,” Castiel said.
Bobby shared a look with another older Minuteman and sighed heavily, “Look kid, I ain’t gonna sugar coat it.  The Commonwealth isn’t kind. One minute you’re enjoying the quiet the next you’re fighting raiders or a god damn bloodbug with its bloatfly minions,” Bobby grunted, the others in the room nodded their heads with their own grunts.
A small smile pulled at her lips at the thought of seeing all the pups they had running around the compound, wreaking havoc and making all kinds of noise.  Meeka, Sam and Jess’s daughter and Brett, Keelie’s son were all the same age as Quin and had grown inseparable when they were about three.  During the week they'd meet up on Skype or play child appropriate games online.  One of which that Brett was obsessed with.  Some farm game that Hael couldn't remember the name of but the girls always joined him with excited laughter.  it never ceased to make Hael's chest swell.
“Alright boss, you get inside too,” Hannah said, pointing a finger at him.  Castiel nodded, waiting for her to jog after some of their younger settlers.  As she ushered the last few to their homes, Dean came running towards him.
“But…” Castiel swallowed back his pride and took a step back as well, his body trembling as he wrapped his arms tightly around himself, “Okay,” he said and quickly walked away.  There were hushed whispers of people who had heard the outburst but Castiel did all he could to ignore them, his skin prickling the entire way across the compound. MacCready was standing off to the side talking with Benny and Castiel ignored them too as they called out for him.  First, it was to probably get Castiel’s attention then it was out of concern either because he didn’t answer them or that they saw the tears on his face.  It didn’t matter, he didn’t stop walking.  He barely made sure to grab up his rifle before he was rushing past the gates to get out of The Castle.
It wouldn’t be easy to find alone time to add the last one, though he already knew exactly what he wanted to do for the photo, but he’d manage. If nothing else he’d let Sam in on the surprise and his nerdy brother was always handy for a long winded distraction.
Castiel nodded, “I know. I think it would be better coming from you. I’m not entirely sure but I think he’s having a complex...especially when it comes to ones ‘below’ him,” Castiel said making a face. The hair on Dean’s neck stood on end. That didn’t sound like his son. Sure all kids could be brats and say things that were cruel and unintentional but this kind of attitude needed to be stomped down and immediately.
MacCready muffled his snort but still managed to earn a glare from Castiel, though he wasn’t the least bit ashamed of it. Dean was funny, cute if you liked em’ small, but funny even if you didn’t.
Want me to pick up that black forest B&J’s ice cream on the way?
A voice that sounded suspiciously like Sam reminded Dean he’d not really slept much either since they’d been apart, so he wasn’t really in any place to judge.
“Yeah that’d be great if it wasn’t f-”
“I dunno, we were fighting, and then Castiel grabbed his side, and Dean fell under him to keep him from hitting the ground too hard and the next thing we know there’s blood...gotta find the doc, Cas can’t lose that baby, it will kill him…” he said, fear twisting hard in his gut. He hated the thoughts of anything going wrong but he knew Pam was going to be a long way off, but actual healers and doctors were rare and not every settlement had one.
“Thank you for coming back for me,” Castiel whispered, the trembling in his body stopped and now he shuddered at all the glorious warmth Dean was providing him.  He never wanted the man to move away from him, ever.
“No, it’s a terrible idea...but we’re doing it anyway, well I am...feel free to turn around if you want,” he said, though Dean knew Benny wouldn't dare. It wasn’t just that it would go against the loyal nature of his best friend, but also..they weren’t too far away from MacCready and as much as Dean really did want to punch the son of a bitch, Benny still cared about him.
“We agreed to not make a big deal of it this year,” Castiel mumbled, tilting his head to the side as Dean continued to shower him with affection.  His legs parted on their own volition and Dean settled right where he belonged.
Ronnie jerked her head in a nod, “Come with me fellas.  First time here I take it?” she asked turning on her heel to head towards the bunkers.
The path led to a circle of trees and in the space between was a gazebo with river stone steps.  They walked up slowly, a tray of fresh flowers to the right of the entrance. Brady grabbed up a purple one and stepped in.  There was a bench that followed the circle of the gazebo and in the middle was a stone plaque with the names of all the Omegas who had been lost in the effort to free them.
“Still in his workshop.  Ever since I told him about Sentry he’s been trying to get the one he’s working on to turn on again,” Andy answered with a shrug before taking a bite out of his burger.
“Silly,” Anna teased.  She tilted the pan to dump the rest onto a plate and then handed it over to him but not before grabbing one for herself.
: Yeah, I figured it was coming, one way or another.
It’s ok…
“Then help me understand what the hell is going on with you!  Do you really want the others to think that of you? Do you want Daddy or Pops to think that of you?”
MacCready hesitated a little longer, he wasn’t quite sure about letting the information get out but Nordhagen was protected well enough that it would take a serious army to make a difference. The problem being of course, that the Minutemen, were a serious army.
“She loved you.  Very much. You were all she could speak of after she told us what happened to her.  She passed with a smile on her face, knowing you were safe,” Dean explained softly. There was a rustle of leaves, bringing a scent of rosemary with it.  The pup whined a little and placed the flower on the plaque.
because it felt like it was.
“I’m scared that I’m not going to be able to connect with anyone.  That I’ll never have a mate because I feel like there’s something holding me back,” he finally confessed after a while of sitting there and staring.  His momma was being incredibly patient with him, letting him take his time and gathering his thoughts. He looked back at her and saw a soft, thoughtful expression on her face.
So of course you don’t think I sound funny.” He frowned, thinking. “Wait. So when I talk to you, am I talking in
He kneels, the long line of his back under his button-down stretching, and for a second Dean sees the broad contour of his back under the light fabric. But Dean somehow forgets about that—how, he’s not really sure—when Cas pops open the big box and carefully lifts a long
He smiles as he runs his thumb over the smooth, worn metal of the phone that always keeps him and Cas connected, no matter how far across the country Dean’s gotta drive. No matter where Dean is—no matter where he goes.
He didn’t let go of Castiel’s arm.
Whenever anyone asked Castiel to describe the events of that day, he could honestly say he couldn’t remember them clearly.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Is that why Masters keeps trying to sleep in the Rookery?” he asked wryly. For all that she
Castiel studied the tops of Dean’s toes where they rested on the floor. He couldn’t breathe very well around the sweet, spiky rock-candy lump his heart was making in his throat, but he swallowed, again and again, until his eyes weren’t stinging anymore. When he looked up, Dean’s face had pinched up like he’d bitten down on a lemon seed—like he was already regretting what he’d said.
It didn’t make Dean’s smile go away. “I mean… it’s not!” he said, shuffling forward on his knees. “Um. Well, I guess ‘ass’ is. But it’s not like, a
“I like this school,” Sam tells him happily, lying on his belly on his bed with his workbook open. He’s got the comforter pulled up to his head, arms and shoulders poking out of it, because it’s the week before Thanksgiving and the Lighthouse isn’t real good with insulation (or any heat at all, really, even though Dean already fiddled with the heater when it sputtered out the other day).
these days, so of course his mage armor still fits. Why wouldn’t it? But, well, it’s also true that Cas is
Dean reaches for it, then pauses, frowning. “Wait, buddy, I don’t want to take the book you’re reading,” he objects.
Yeah, because Dean ended up grabbing him by that tie, crumpling it in his hand to yank him in for a kiss. They ended up against the wall of Cas’s bedroom, almost knocking down the mirror for how hard Dean’s back hit the wall.
” Cas, over his shoulder, sounds outraged. “I am not a
Goddammit, Dean has no fucking defense against how that punches him in the chest, especially not with his body still warm and shaky, a little sweaty, the smile still broad on his face. Cas says things like they’re laws of the universe. (And the cocky brainiac would probably say that he knows the laws of the universe better than most people.)
A pyre is cleaner, Dean thinks. It smokes and it crackles; it stinks. It’s honest, and it’s cleansing. This… but this is what they’ve got.
“I’ll tell you, and you'll stop, yeah, yeah, geez, no need for threats,” Dean joked. He nudged at Castiel until he toppled off Dean and to the side; then Dean turned over, facedown, lifting his hips upwards and settling his forearms underneath his lowered shoulders. “Get over here. Take what you want.”
Now, right now, it’s more than Dean can bear. Because of course he knew that—he knew that Cas couldn't love him back all along. But hearing it out of
body work, engines, even tractors. He makes more than enough for no-one in Lebanon to think their spending is suspicious. (Yeah, they’ve still got Charlie’s card. Just for emergencies now, though.)
Castiel blew out a slow breath. The expression on Dean’s face was a bravado as fragile as wet lace, and what Castiel said now would be the difference between blocking out to a perfect point, or hard-worked threads snapping; there would be no repair. These words mattered; Castiel had to be careful with them—careful with
“Besides, I couldn’t let you show me up after that display you put on in my kitchen, now could I?” Dean continued, looking about as smug as a man with his face smeared with Castiel’s own seed could be. “You like?”
And when he thought of skirting his tongue gently along the tip of Dean's, or sucking that full, rosy lower lip gently into his mouth, well. His imagination had motion and grace, and the way a hand might feel cupped gently against Castiel's cheek, a callused thumb stroking the line of his jaw—now that… that
some things that are harder for me, and some things I can’t do easily. Some things I can’t do by myself at all.”
Castiel nodded. And, because he had to, he reached out and rested his palm gently on the arc of Dean’s calf, next to him. “Yes,” he said softly. “Thank you.”
. He let his gaze trace the sleekness of Dean’s cheekbone and the delicious angle where his jaw went into his neck. He followed the sweat dewed thin on Dean’s just slightly coppery hairline and the neckline of his shirt, and licked his lips. Dean wasn’t wearing the brightly patterned longer-sleeved shirts he typically did over his lighter tunics, and his arms were bare to the shoulder and thick through the biceps; when he wasn’t flying missions, he still spent quite a lot of time in the kitchens…
Okay, so maybe he’s praying to his best friend. That’s not weird at all. Right?
Oh. Yes, oh, that sounded so nice. ‘Awesome,’ as Dean might put it. It might not be what Castiel had imagined a few too many times, his hand around himself just a little too tight as he wondered, but he couldn’t be greedy. Besides, he still wanted that, too—to be fucked, to have Dean inside him. He'd meant it: he wanted everything.
Meg came to visit a few months later. She walked into the entrance bay with pink brightening her cheeks and a loose swagger in her hips, and Castiel took one look at her and groaned. He might still not be very good at understanding humans—and he had to admit he didn’t try as hard as he’d used to; dragons were just
, the most annoying raspy spots right over where his nipples, over the past few months, had started to get painfully sensitive. It was even worse than it had been for the Hatching last year; at least it had been winter then, and only the sands had been hot. Now,
Dean stared back at him before something that might have been a laugh or might have been a snort, escaped through his nose. A tiny smile curled up both corners of his lips. “I
It’s goddamned stupid that he’s so mad and torn up about this. He’s not in fucking high school. He’s been on a grand total of three dates with Castiel Novak, all of them in public, and one of them
Dean stares at his brother, then at the radio. A question floats to his lips, and Dean gulps it down, hard.
necessary—doesn’t Cas know that if these jackasses think they can get away with it once, they’ll do it again? Doesn’t he know the rules of this kind of bullshit?
Sam takes watch. But after Garth’s done feeding some information on a little rock he stuck into the portable IR scanner into the radio, Dean lingers, glancing around. The light of the battery indicator is glowing clean and green tonight; Dean fiddled with it a little bit more when they stopped for the afternoon to get their bearings, ‘cause the charging lights were flickering. Dean wonders if it’s because this whole landscape is more dim than the others: throughout the day, the red sky over the black pillars never got any lighter than a bottle of cheap Irish Rose. But at night, it’s so dark that it’s smothering.
Castiel pulls Dean down and kisses him. He can’t help himself. It’s that or cry, and he is fairly sure which would make Dean more uncomfortable.
“How, wait—
Thank you for taking the time, and thank you for making the effort. I treasure your comments, but my ability to manage my work schedule, writing, and my inbox all at the same time has lately been... very suspect.
“C’mon, Cas, thumbs
“Sorry,” Sam mumbles, but he’s smiling. “It smells really good.”
him is even better.
Sure, Jonas might have some pounds on him, but
Castiel breathed out slowly and put a hand on his chest. His heart was still racing, but it didn’t feel like fear anymore. It felt… it felt like maybe something he could
particular move carries too many knives.
“You’ve been here a long time,” Dean observes, running his hand down the coarse, cheap, bright orange rust-proofing paint on the banister. “You know all the little back ways.”
Jody glowered at him, but from the way her eyes flicked to his hair, she probably didn’t disagree. But she stuck out her leg in front of him like she was taking a bow.
“Do you pay your taxes?” he asks, finally.
Sam crying at his own goddamned wedding—still such a baby. Cas pulling him close by the waist on the day they got him out of the Empty, with that look of total focus, and fucking
Castiel blinked, startled out of his thoughts. “What?” he echoed.
“I see. Lightning sand. Well, I'm glad none of you have been sucked in,” Cas says, warmly.
at Sonny’s bakery stall.” He jingled the coins in his pocket. Shit, it was nice to have money. They were both big enough now that it wasn’t even all stolen—people paid boys like them to do little errands, run stuff around, lift stuff. Sonny would give them the broken pieces at a discount, too, so they never stole from his stall, ever.
“Hey!” Dean grunts. “Gotta blend with the locals!”
It’d made him blink to realize that some people didn’t know they weren’t supposed to grab a dragonet that didn’t come to them first. (Baby dragons
But it’s really good to hear his voice. It’s just… well, it’s not like Dean’s got anything important to say to him. It’s all business over here, not fucking chit-chat about books or movies or whatever. Not even and
is written beside it. There’s no title or author on the cover.
But for the first time, Dean smiled at him—a big smile, with all his teeth. “Yeah! Don’t you know what that means?”
Jesus fucking
Dean grinned at him, lips swollen and spit-slick, his hand stripping expertly at Castiel’s cock. Which was pointed right at—
“I wouldn’t damage him permanently. He’s our brother’s holy vessel,” Rafael answers, rolling his eyes. But he does snap his fingers again, and Dean feels his lips reform. “He needs to mind his tongue.”
had enough of that shit.
friends.
suspicious. “Well, say hi to him for me. Tell him I’m going to watch Argo. You know, if he ever wants to watch something that’s not the Avengers. Or Batman.”
the air around Cas—clear and pure. Fog-free.
None of them call attention to the fact that Benny’s hands are shaking.
It’s not their first kiss. It might not even be their best. He hopes it isn’t, because that means that there are more in the future that will have that distinction.
Prostate stimulation felt
Oh my goodness, these are ending up being done later and later in the day. Two-thirds of the way, only 10 more days to go!
“Hey, Garth, what the hellfires, you were supposed to come down to the kitchen like an
Is it that annoying when he and Cas are on the same page, and all they have to do is look at each other to know where they’re going? That’s not the bond, Dean doesn’t think; that’s just, well,
Dean’s so busy trying to swallow that he jumps when Sam pats him on the shoulder, holding his angel blade dangling from his fingers and the harness looped loose over his shoulder. He must have been cleaning the sand out from under it rather than sleeping. One word:
“And it’s not like you ever had a friend who wasn’t a hunter before. Or since,” Sam continues. “Dad always said that we didn’t have any use for normals.”
he can’t keep from squinting his other eye shut a little when he does it.
Maybe he
tone enough to know how useless that is. Second, one wendigo up in the mountains of Colorado that turned out to be one adult wendigo, plus what seemed like either a miniature or a
“When should we have sex? I really don’t want to have to wait for her next mating flight, though I guess I will if you think that’s a good idea.”
“Good!” And John Winchester has never needed to raise his voice to make Dean jump. “So you know. Sam and I are going to get stocked, and you’re going to get rid of him. That’s all. Because I raised a real man, and that’s how you’re going to behave. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” Castiel answers, pushing himself to sit up higher on the headboard. His toes burrow under the edge of the cover sheet. He nestles one foot sideways to tuck it under the warm solidity of Dean’s hip. “But my mindset while reading may not.”
“Yeah, I’m a regular piece of tinsel,” Dean answered, thumping him on the shoulder. “C’mon, let’s find you a knife you like the feel of.”
that it gives Dean goosebumps. This guy, this one talking to Sam in a voice that’s careful, is the one that Dean
” Cas booms.
!” he yelled, angrily, loud enough that Castiel sat back down on his butt. “What’re you doing here? Go away. Just… just go away!”
Not… fucking his way through rut.
He can almost see her bright red eyebrows waggling up and down. And ordinarily, Castiel
Jesus fucking Christ. Dean’s dad all-but told Cas to get the hell out, and
“Hmm. Let me,” the thing wearing Cas's face murmurs sweet as pie, reaching out a hand.
Castiel had lived with the knowledge of demons all his life. But it was the first time he felt the first shreds of terror and not just helplessness curl in his throat.
But he doesn’t say it the same way he would have two weeks ago.
Dean inhales. Yeah, okay. Okay.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas says—and yes, holy shit, it
Cas isn’t the same kid. But holy crap, that voice is familiar—it’s a memory, a reminder of long-ago conversations where Dean just closed his eyes and let that deep, dark whiskey of a voice wash over him. It didn’t matter if he got it: all that mattered was that Cas liked talking about it. Matter and antimatter. Space adventures and impossible missions.
“Yeah?” Dean says nervously.
Right? Fever doesn’t change sexual orientation, it just… disinhibits.”
“Let’s go,” Sam says, and the light in his eyes is hungry and desperate and hot. It’s the first electricity that Dean’s seen back in him since they picked him up in Redwood City, four months before. Dean’s little brother scrapes his long hair back into a ponytail at the back of his head, and straightens, like a mountain remembering that it can move. “I’ll drive.”
It's not black, either—not like the demons. Dean’s not sure why he thought it would be. It’s a thousand colors like an oil slick, rainbows arcing across its surface while giant ice-blue slits flash, flash, flash again, opening and closing like blue mouths in the vivid dark pool of its body.
on the Internet?”
for even when he didn’t dare think he could have dreams, it’s this. He just needs to get out of his own fucking way to have it.
again—don’t you remember?”
Warning for MCD; it's temporary, but Dean doesn't know that
Dean turns him around and studies his face, the little scab that’s already formed on Cas’s lower lip. It’s puffy and soft. He doesn’t bring his hand up to thumb at it, no matter how much he wants to. “Really?” he asks, dubiously.
Dean turns towards his own school, and doesn’t let his pace slow until he’s sure Sam’s through the doors.
Dean shakes his head slowly, but he doesn’t look away. “You’re something else, you know that?” he marvels. “Why the hell are you even doing this? You don’t even know me.”
He shakes the blood off his blade, giving it a quick swipe on a tuft of grass. “You got them?” he calls over his shoulder and barely waits for Sam’s “Yeah, go,” before hurrying towards Cas. Yes, checking the bodies and beheading them, then dragging them into a pile to burn—vampires don’t normally rise again after they’ve been downed, that’s mostly zombies, but it doesn’t hurt to be too careful—is normally his job. But if Sam’s going to agree to do it before the corpses start to go icky in the sun, Dean’s sure as hell not going to complain.
“You kind of are,” Charlie answers, cheerfully enough that it’s only mildly insulting. “So how
“You know how he is, when he starts tossing and turning he’ll do it until the whole hallway’s awake!” Dean announced, just a little too loudly, like Sammy hadn’t said anything at all. “But he always slept really well here. So, y’know, can we stay over?”
Dean waves an arm at where the sky has gone blue and clear, punctuated by just a few little whiffles of breeze. Well, and the vampires who are arrowing towards them. “This storm?”
Dean’s brain is a very strange place.
Then Dean Winchester lets himself reach up and trace the dense, pale imprints of the scars on his left shoulder—the contours of each finger, the arc of a palm, the thicker, knotted ridge across the center of it from the lash, the thumb that extends to the front of the joint. He lets himself raise his hand to his face—just as close as Sam raised it to his own—and lets himself look, really
, leaning back on his hands until they’re half-buried in clouds and closing his eyes as chords thrum over his skin. His lips tingle back to life. He knew that the silence of Purgatory nights was getting to him—getting to them all. But he didn’t realize how long it’d been since he heard a
Sam drops his fork.
Imp opened just one eye to peer at his rider. There was a thread of yellow-green amusement swirling in it before he closed it again, heaving a long sigh of a warm breath, smelling just faintly of smoke and pine.
right about shit like that.” There was that awful little laugh again. “And, y’know, I was so
He has feet, he has hands. He has lungs, he has a stomach twisting with nausea. He’s
old time.
“Can we be friends?” Castiel asked.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Don’t have to lie to me, Cas, anyone can wiggle around a couple of wires and screws.”
“She’s a four-year-old female pearl morph cockatiel—that’s why she has these little white spots all over her wings. Males don’t have them once they get to maturity.” Carefully, Cas reaches over and lightly strokes the little bird’s—the cockatiel’s?—crest backwards. It flattens to her head for a few seconds before perking up again, like she’s standing at attention; she turns her head from side to side, looking at Dean with one eye, and then the other. “Grace, this is Dean Winchester. He’s a lovely man, and I’d really like to have a nice dinner with him. So please be nice?”
you feel big.”
“Do you pay your taxes?” Castiel repeats.
“Twenty-two ten,” Victor reports, checking his watch. Dean didn’t bother to wear one: they’re going to be going by light and darkness here and checking in every time they settle in for the night, so why bother? “Let’s see if we’re out here on our own.”
But when he looked up, Dean had stopped kneading and was watching him, a soft, quiet set to the curve of his lips.
The bronze dragon out of Barnes’s clutch, though—that snap of his egg claw hitting the inner surface was by far the loudest, so loud that some of the onlookers jumped. He didn’t simply crack the shell—the pieces went
Cas reaches out with both hands and sends the blaze of his magic into the top of the wind funnel. It’s like lightning in reverse, but gentler, somehow—less a whipcrack, more a glow. The demonic storm-finger poking its way out from the dark fist of the sky crunches and screams, the tip of it wobbling and retreating back towards the boiling clouds overhead as Cas’s power rips into its roots. Outside of their circle, the wind’s still brutal—Dean watches a skinny tree get ripped out from the soil and go flapping away like seaweed, even with the tornado’s tip no longer touching the ground—but inside, it’s just a mild breeze.
. “You know you oughtta fill the tub to soak in it, right?”
you into it, man! C’mon, we all saw it.” Dean paces a small line, back and forth, his boots clomping loudly on Cas’s floor.
Look, I thought of Sam needing brain bleach, but let's give the poor guy a reprieve, shall we? So, entirely Sam-centric today!
” with a laugh.
“Oh, no. Please don’t.” Sam’s whole face crinkles up like a piece of paper about to go into the bin, and his sigh is deep enough that it should, by all rights, blow out the fire. “Guys…” he mutters.
Everyone had thought Castiel and Charlie were mad, at first, for their idea—Castiel, a male rider of a gold dragon; Charlie, whose blue, in his first excursion against a Gate, had burnt out the lining of the protective second stomach that normally held the toxic firestone. Bradbury had survived, but he had no more fire to give. Why would anyone even
Dean watches Cas’s hands clench and unclench at his sides, muscle rippling down his back all the way into his ass, but his wings rear back and up and towards Dean, almost shoving him backwards. A set of healthy-looking, dark green feathers right at Cas’s spine all poof up, standing on end, but when Dean, very carefully, raises his other hand and puts it on them, they don’t deteriorate and break the way the ugly, spindly feathers above them did—they
Dean snorts wetly. Oh, that sounds like Jo for sure.
They’re fucked. They’re all so
” he blurts.
What the
“That Intel’s several months old,” John Winchester answers, not even bothering to look back.
as he stripes his belly with streaks of come, runnels of it dripping down Dean’s hand. Dean lets him shake to pieces, stroking him through it slow and coaxing and wet-fingered because Cas likes it drawn out like that. Dean knows he’s grinning like he just went out on a hunt and came back to fresh pie when he turns his face to drop kisses down Cas’s hipbone again, the hand that’s in his hair all the way slack, now.
But watching Dean croon to his dragonet made Castiel quite aware that there was apparently a difference between that kind of love and real adoration, too.
(See the end of the chapter for
But this? This is like being watched by something that’s pissed-off. Something that wants him to
“I know I won’t,” Castiel answered, thinking sadly of lips that got pink and warm when licked thoughtlessly, without needing any of that sticky wax on them to make them shiny. He thought of bottle-green eyes, and the curves of delicately bowed legs, and the strong arc of Dean’s back when he leaned to stretch it.
They rearranged, messy and sticky and smelling of sex and almond oil.
“Can’t exactly carry that around under his trench coat anymore. He can’t make it disappear.” But Claire’s eyes were still Cas’s, steel-blue, even if nothing else about her was, and they twinkled in the same way when she was up to mischief. “He still wears that ugly thing, though.
want to get booted out to sleep with Sam, thanks.
is apologizing?
was why he wanted to stay in the Rookery—and had a particular love for kidney. But Impala himself was
It was only afterwards, dangling his legs over the edge of the cliff and listening to the crash of thin waves onto the beach in the dark—his fire lizards were long asleep, tucked into their caves; he’d just needed to be
Green eyes full of fury stare down into his from too close—so close that if one of them were to turn, their mouths would brush again. Dean’s mouth is wet and bloodied, and the corners of his lips are fragrant, anointed. There’s a hand curved around the back of Castiel’s neck, fingers gripping rough and tight. Castiel realizes that he can feel calluses, and the small flicker of muscle as Dean adjusts.
It’s coming.
, I… I’m… I’m really fucking sorry.” Dean blows a deep breath out, whiskey-scented, towards the ceiling, his head heavy and achy on his neck. He’s really drunk too much for this talk. Or maybe not enough. “Goddammit, all this time, I never said that, did I? I’m sorry.”
sometime in the last year, and it’s been a freakin’ pain.
. Without
It’s not as extensive or as long a trip as it would have been a few years ago. Cas is right that the storms have been getting worse and worse—it seems like every week they’re hearing about another town needing to be fully evacuated out as the borders of the Sea of Storms washes up higher and higher.
,” Dean complains. “It’s like you’re contagious. Leaking all those brains of yours all over me or something. What’m I gonna do when—”
The thought makes him choke out a chuckle, a little effortful
“I… I used to think about it. All the time. I used to think about you coming back—just… just reappearing in Kankakee again one day. Strutting back through the front door of our high school like nothing happened. About… about just seeing you on the street one day in Chicago,” and Dean knows the sound of that shaky little laugh. It’s familiar, now. It’s familiar, again, like Cas still has to remember how to laugh about that. “Well. I knew it was stupid. You were… you were gone. But I used to think about it—about what might have happened if we’d stayed friends. If we’d… well.” He lapses off. “I’m glad I got to know the real you, though,” he finishes, softly, into the silence.
” he growled.
Maybe it
“You and me both,” Jody agreed with a sigh. “If I clear it with Naomi, will you at least move over to this side of the Weyr? You can have your pick of any of the rooms that aren’t taken already. There’s a big un’ near the entrance—right near Sam, too.”
She smiled, and a chill ran down Dean’s back. There was real amusement in that smile. But there wasn’t any warmth in it at all. “I’d prefer that the agreement be more amicable than that… Castiel, isn’t it? But if necessary, that can be arranged.”
Castiel nodded reluctantly.
It was hard to remember that.
” he squealed.
Cas nods, his eyes still closed.
As he climbs off, his IT bands and calves aching, Castiel wonders, now, if maybe writing a short story for Dean was a little… too much. Maybe. It took Castiel a little over an hour to write, perhaps two. Dean seemed delighted enough with it. It's true that writing
And it
that be real?
“I will smite you into the ground,” Castiel said, sitting straighter, his voice even deeper and rougher than it normally was, “before I let you take her.”
of us, Cas.”
He pulls up maps they have of Purgatory, and the way the landscapes seem to link with each other at the edges. Supposedly, the closer they get to the Rift in the middle, and the farther away from the landing zone, the more distortion there’s gonna be. In the beginning, they’ll be able to send audio and pictures, probably all the way to the sixth landscape; but it’s anyone’s bet if they’ll still be able to talk to the command center by the time they get to the Rift.
“Yeah, well. Can’t believe that’s true.” Dean clicked his tongue lightly. “You don’t like people—or dragons, or whatever—just to like them. You like ‘em ‘cause you’ve gotten to know them, ‘cause they’ve shown they’re worth liking. Ain’t no such damned thing as love at first sight or whatever.”
sweet tea he makes.”
Maybe the Council had sent his oldest brother not because Michael was a Weyrleader and a Councilman, but because Michael was very good at being a sanctimonious assbutt.
Dean lets the tip of his tongue dance out and rest, just barely, on the seam of his bottom lip. “Well, that’s sweet of you to offer, Cas, but I don’t think we know each other that well yet,” he croons.
much less in Castiel—he was just being kind, because he
already that he forgot his own strength—Castiel had had to scold him more than once for wrestling too roughly with the other hatchlings. And even though Sam’s dragon had only hatched last year, Castiel thought—not unkindly—that sometimes Riot seemed more dog than dragon.
But that wasn’t what made Dean stare.
He looked around to find that he was, as usual, the last one standing on the empty sands, littered only with the fragments of eggshells. He kept his shoulders high and neutral under the familiar warm curve of Dean’s arm. They’d let the juvenile dragons out in a few hours; the little ones would fight over who got to crunch up the pieces of eggshell. Castiel should help with that; they got rambunctious, even though it always looked like too much fun to stop them entirely. Anna was one of the onlookers still standing by the edge of the sands, her expression quiet and unsmiling. Gabriel was next to her; he looked shocked. Castiel’s mother was by Novak’s side, rubbing her dragon’s neck, her back to Castiel.
—but he was very majestic. His colors had darkened even further until he was almost a light-absorbing metallic black through his head and forearms, his wings as copper as a well-used pan, his body shading at his torso and tail to a more traditional dark bronze.
