"Sherlock, they... Oh my god, no. No. I didn't know. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, Sherlock I never should have said..."
if I hadn't shown up. Not telling you I knew she was alive was just dumb. I shouldn't have let her take you by surprise."
"Ah, no. He's not, but it's a bit complicated. Look, can we just... talk about this tomorrow or something?"
I am so sorry for your loss, John. Are you alright? You haven't shown to our sessions lately, and this really sounds like you have things to talk about.
I mean, you said I was attracted to dangerous people and situations, and I suppose that's sort of true. But she shouldn't have been like that. I chose her specifically because I thought she wasn't like that. I guess that's also why it didn't work out in the first place, even before I knew who she really was. I wanted normality, but then, as you say: "Normal is boring". I wanted more. I still do. In the long run, I could never have stayed with her, or raise a child with her. Even if she hadn't been - I always knew I belonged here with you. I was always going to come back in the end, somehow. I always do. It was always going to be the two of us, right?"
It was such a beautiful wedding! And thank you again for finding and inviting Margaret, it was so good to see her again. Enjoy your holiday, boys!
"Yes, Sherlock. Of course. This always has been home. Here. Bakerstreet. With you. You know that, don't you?"
In other news, I'm a father now. I have a daughter. Her name is Rosamund Katherine and she is just... wonderful, beautiful. Of course it's also exhausting, but it's really worth it.
real... I heard you. I love you too, Sherlock. So much. Always have, always will. It's always you, Sherlock Holmes."
"It's Rosamunde actually. I'm German. But I always liked my middle name better, Maria. It's why I chose Mary Morstan. Rosamunde is a bit old fashioned."
"Ah yes, that USB stick. You know, I really thought you would trust me and not look at it. Giving it to you was a test. But obviously that wasn't the original. That thing contains sensitive information about the organisation, my whole life. I wouldn't give that to you. Wouldn't have been much use to you anyway. The files are encrypted."
"When you confronted her and she told you her story, and you decided not to turn her over to the police - you said something. How you could imagine acting in a similar way for someone if you loved them. Was this - were you talking about Irene Adler?
"What? No, of course you didn't! Those are happy tears. That was - You are amazing, love. Now will you come here please, so I can kiss you properly?!"
"This guy? Lovely, isn't he. That's Jim's twin brother Thomas. I only found him a few months ago in Morocco, he always did an amazing job of hiding from us. Seems he does share some of his brother's talent. And he's a decent actor too, given the right motivation - which is basically pointing a gun at him."
"Oh, my dear brother. He's insufferable. Always sticking his huge ugly nose in other people's business where it doesn't belong.
I picked the story of the Norwood Builder for this because it's one of my favourites from ACD canon and also because one of my favourite fics ever,
"I feared you'd find it... repulsive, that'd I'd make you uncomfortable if I let show how I felt for you. I was scared. I thought it would make me weak and vulnerable. But Mycroft was wrong. Caring
Before she could start telling us her story, Greg, DI Hopkins and Sgt Donovan arrived to arrest her. They had followed her and seen her come up. But Sherlock got them to wait with taking her to the station so she could explain herself first.
I hope y'all don't hate me yet for what I did to the 3 Garridebs case and Mary, I promise I'll make up for it in chapter two. ;)
Originally I wanted Moriarty to still be alive and recreate the waterfall scene from TAB, but then I noticed I didn't want John having to face the (legal) consequences of killing either Moriarty or Mary.
"You look tired. Haven't slept properly in days, have you? Again. I keep telling you, you really don't have to get up in the middle night to look after Rosie -"
Miss McFarlane told us that the architect had come to her office the day before, wanting her to put her testament into proper legal shape. When Jane looked at the papers Miss Oldacre had brought with her, she noticed she was going to be the  sole heir of her considerable assets. Why, Miss McFarlane had no idea.
You told me once you weren't a hero, but you are. To me, you are. I'm so grateful that I got lucky enough to find you. I owe you so much. Without you, I don't know what would have become of me.
Sherlock had gone to the house with them. He found no traces of anyone having broken into the house or of the figure at the window Mortimer had described. But in the lamp that was on the table where the siblings had sat he had found traces of a strange red powder, which turned out to be "Devil's Foot" when he analyzed them later. Of course Sherlock had to burn some of the stuff even though he already knew what fatal effects it could have. He was lucky he only used an extremely small amount and Mrs Hudson and I got him out in time.
"John, do you seriously think I could - with him? The man is crazy, and dangerous. His mind is certainly... intriguing. The way he thinks is interesting. But that's all. I could never... I thought you had a higher opinion of me."
"Of course, Sherlock. If that's fine by you, I mean. You're her godfather. With the way you've been taking care of her these last few weeks, and if we're staying here, I mean... "
"Ah yes, he actually very much can. You're going to be very disappointed by the solution to that mystery, it's breathtakingly simple. But you'll see for yourself soon. As for me, I guess you let your emotions get the better of you. You trusted John's judgement. But enough with the chit chat now. John, do stop loitering and come out, or I'm going to shoot your precious little detective."
When we returned the next day, Greg triumphantly showed us a thumbprint in blood he had found on the wall in the hallway. It seemed that Sherlock had apparently for once been utterly wrong and Jane McFarlane had really done it. The thumbprint was hers. That couldn't convince Sherlock though. In fact, he laughed and explained that the thumbprint hadn't been there the day before when we examined the house. Surely Jane hadn't come back in the night to plant more evidence against herself.
"But... No. You? It can't be you. How? You're dead - you got shot... All that blood. No. How are you alive? Why...?"
me, and wanted to be around me. You were impressed with me. You took care of me. Cared for me as a person. To you I wasn't just a "freak". You thought I was
"I even got you to propose to me. What drama that was when Sherlock chose to come back that exact evening, I loved it. Couldn't have planned it better myself. When we saw how well it worked with you, I got Janine to try with Sherlock."
John grinned, and tossed his clothes aside, returned to the bed and smothered Sherlock with a snog, which Sherlock returned eagerly.
Sherlock didn’t have a good answer for that.  He did, however, have something else.  He silently swore to himself.
I feel far away, but there are fingers touching mine. a gentle, careful touch. They are keeping me here.
When I first met him, I didn’t know that it was the kind of meeting that would change my life. My therapist used to tell me that I needed purpose and joy in my life. Purpose and joy led to positive mental health. I had neither. I couldn’t be in the army any longer, I was unable to be a surgeon again, my relationship with my sister was as rocky as ever, and what friends I had were either still in the army or nearly non-existent. There was no purpose, I had no joy.
Mycroft is handling it. He does the next-of-kin paperwork. He handles the big decisions. A surgeon is being flown out here from who knows where, the best he could find. I can’t even offer my assistance with the jargon right now because I know one of the questions involves the DNR in his living will, and I can’t be in charge of something like that. Mycroft will handle it, he has people to explain it. His people are everywhere.
Mycroft is good at handling the bigger picture. He got the doctors. He organized the staff. He informed everyone he deemed important. He doesn’t know how to handle the emotional side of it.
I’ve never seen John look so relieved. He said he tried to get back as fast as he could, he just stepped out for a change of clothes and he nodded off. He thanked Mycroft for the car that found him, and didn’t really say anything else. I don’t know that I really believe him, we all offered to bring him anything he needed. Something else is up.
Of course it didn’t entirely turn out that way in the beginning.  The first time I held him, he vomited on my new cowboy jumper. He didn’t seem to want to learn anything I had to teach him, being an infant.  But eventually there were a number of years where Sherlock and I were inseparable. From the time he could walk, he followed my every step and copied my every movement.
Poor girl. She has always had this thing for Sherlock. Doesn’t quite know how to act about it. She’s awkward but adorable. I wish he knew how much he was leading her on. He probably was doing it on purpose to get special access to Bart’s.
I’m sitting on a plush sofa, I notice. I don’t even remember when I stopped pacing. The room is some waiting room in the posh private hospital. So I guess that is what I am meant to do, wait. A soldier is supposed to be good at waiting for directions. This is another mission. This is getting him home. I am doing my part now.
I had instructed my staff  to text me, so it must be someone else. Not many have this number.   Ah yes.  Mrs. Hudson.
John reeled slightly. “Hey, I don’t know about you, but I’m still fully clothed.”  Sherlock was only wearing his pants and oddly, his socks.
It is hard not to feel dire in my circumstance. I know I ruined things. I know I made a mess of everything. I wish I could go back and fix it. I try to think of the things I will change if I make it out of here, but there is a simple truth that is tingling in the back of my mind that I must acknowledge.
Apparently I have been missing messages. I check my alarm clock on the bedside table. I got five hours sleep, at least.
My mind is slowing down with my body. I am having a hard time focusing. The aches are getting sharper and I am feeling cold. I’m able to move my head, but breathing is getting worse.
John started talking as if his words were life-rafts he was throwing out to a dark ocean. At first it was fine. He was telling stories. Then it got a level of personal that I didn’t need to know about.
I should have asked if it was okay. I should have talked to him. I am so ashamed for not making sure he knew how I felt. It is more than friendship. More than cases and chases and catching the bad guys. More than kisses and casual touches. I don’t know what that means, whether or not he feels it too or if we can take the time to discover what it really is, together.
There's another chair in the room. Probably brought here from when Mycroft came by. I take a seat. May as well sit in the uncomfortable silence.
Sherlock was born about a week into my convalescence. I wasn’t allowed to see him, nor did I want to, taking out my frustrations at the mere thought of him.
I remember when he was a child and I was a young adolescent, Sherlock would tell me stories before bed.  He would make them up, they would be about anything and everything, but for a while, they were all about pirates.  One particular pirate story I recall involved the sailing of a ship to an unknown island.  They found that it was ruled by monkeys who told the pirates that they had the most incredible treasure imaginable. Most of the pirates raised their swords to the monkeys and demanded they be given the treasure.  The monkeys climbed the trees away from the pirates.  The pirate captain thought for a moment, then asked if the monkeys would share the treasure with the pirates.  From the trees  the monkeys bundled down armloads of bananas.  They said the bananas were their treasure because it was what they valued most.   They all ate bananas  together.
Maybe we should start a football team. Or pub darts. I am good at darts. I think Sherlock is too. He was arrested ages ago for starting a fight while hustling darts in a pub. He was probably still in his early twenties, and I only heard about this when I looked into his arrest reports. Maybe he is good at darts. We should play sometime when he’s better.
They had a crew in looking for evidence, anything we can use. They found a tripwire, triggered the whole building to come down. Probably tripped by Sherlock when he went searching for the body.
“It doesn’t matter, consumption of alcohol doesn’t typically affect my memory.  Clearly something else is at play.”
Another message from one of Mycroft’s people says the specialist he’s flown in is here now. That’s terrific, hopefully some good news will come of that.
They wipe my eyes and sit my bed up more.  As they moved me, I think I imagined I saw Mycroft through the glass window of my room.  He was walking away from me.  He’s walked away from me a lot in the past, only to pretend he isn’t sorting my life out for me.  Maybe I want him to come here and sort out everything.
I look back up, but the bus had come to a stop. The woman had gotten off. I stand, trying to push past the people loading into the bus. I called for her to wait, but no-one moved for me, no-one stopped her. They all were in their own worlds.
In my mind, he is too precious of a resource to fall into the hands of thugs and terrorists, or even Moriarty, in whom Sherlock finds a challenge and an interesting adversary. If he knew half the things I know about James Moriarty, then he would run as far as he could without looking back.
“If they have the same drug in their system as you suggested, then they should just need to sleep it off,”  one of them replied.  “Just check on them in a few hours.”  The paramedics were carrying John in a similar manner.
My brother and Lestrade appear at the door.  I am with my family.  People that matter.  With people like this, I could survive a thousand collapses.
He’d probably say he has no need for anyone, and will be fine alone. These days alone means ‘with John’ but the sentiment is usually the same.
He’s still holding back, like there is something big he’s not telling. Maybe it is the real reason he left, maybe about that row they had before all this started. I don’t know, he’s back now, that is what matters. There’s something a little different about him now though, since he left. He is acting more stable, I guess. More reassured. I don’t know, this isn’t really my area. What I do know is that there’s this notebook he came back with. He kept holding on to this book like it was really important.
I do try with him. I always have. However, Sherlock detests me for meddling. Which I only do because he needs the supervision. Sherlock does what he can to evade me, to stay outside of the range of my cameras and my spies. Then I set up more cameras, recruit more spies.
“Why are you checking into the hotel?” John asked in a hushed tone to Sherlock as the clerk keyed in Sherlock’s information.  Sherlock turned away from the desk and replied in an equally hushed tone.
There is no point to this.  I shouldn’t normally be here.  Like I said, I never sit at his bedside. I have a country to tend to.
There is a chair, one warm from a recent visitor. I reevaluate the tiredness on Mycroft’s face. It is grief. He must have taken some time beside his brother, before they got me. It must be bad.
John is back in with Sherlock, they are done checking him over for now. John started talking again. To Sherlock. I guess it is more important he keep doing it, now that he’s waking up.
And then I realize they have been drugging me. That is why the coffee was sweet. Cover up the taste of the … benzodiazepines? Probably.
I can move my head a bit. That is probably a good sign. To one side of the broken room I see the corpse. The one I had found before the collapse had been triggered. It lays at an awkward angle across some bricks and rubbish. Mid twenties, auburn hair, wearing contacts but normally wears glasses, probably wanted to be a chef. He reminds me of Mycroft in the horse riding accident. Not for looks or anything. Just as Mycroft had looked so close to death, this kid looks like he could get up and walk away, unscathed, were it not for the stab wound that killed him.
John would probably scold me for this line of thinking. He has no appreciation for my morbid mind, he doesn’t like it when I speak of my death with such a cavalier attitude. But I have always felt that my life is my work, and my work is volatile. Some days a gun may be aimed at my head, other days a building may fall down around me. I have always been fine with my own mortality. John believes I should be immortal. I probably wish that of him too.
I finish my coffee, throw away the paper cup, silently considering the sandwich. It looks awful, but I’m quite peckish right now. Instead of indulging in terrible food, I walk away from my makeshift office and make my way back to Sherlock’s room in intensive care.
My phone chimes and I am shaken from my sleep. My head is aching all of a sudden. I dread getting out of bed.
He wrote about the things I did that he liked. Holding his mug and his hand made it in here. About an evening that we spent sitting next to each other, him reading and me dozing off. He wrote how he liked closeness. There was a lot about that.
John is here. He has one of those high-vis vests on and a hard hat. I can’t find the energy to speak. But I can smile. I give him a grin.
“No, we need to witness a dinner service.  The victims have both been estate agents so far, found in the hotel with their throats slashed after ordering a big meal in the hotel’s adjoining restaurant.  Tox reports for both of them showed a high amount of some kind of sedative in them.  They were murdered after consuming drugged food.”
“Don’t bother, they only booked one bed for a reason, if you take my meaning.”  Lestrade said.  Everyone seemed to understand.  The paramedics heaved John on to one side of the bed, taking off his shoes afterwards. Sherlock was still covered in soup, and was entirely dead weight.
I want to tell him that it is okay. That I’m sorry. I want to tell him anything. I think he knows, though. He found me and that was all that I needed. Just him. Just the two of us. As it should be. And I can rest easily with that. Nothing more.
Why couldn’t he just have taken what I offered him? A comfortable job, a generous wage and safety. I offered him right out of university. He chose to find other ways to occupy his mind.
I land on the plush sofa and hear a door lock from the outside. Ah, my minder has put me here so he doesn’t have to deal with me. Who will they send next? Mycroft? His mum and dad?
Donovan also tells me she’s been calling me all day but it kept getting redirected, this is the first time she has gotten through. All her texts in the last few hours have bounced back.
I don’t know what happened between them, but something changed. Not the row or whatever it was a few days ago, something changed months ago. They started working together better, he was even almost fun to be around.
“Everyone fan out, keep your torches low and watch your footing. If you see anything, report back on the radios. This building is unstable. Keep alert for the signal to clear out.”
Somehow it worked. Within a day I had both. He exemplifies purpose and joy. Shooting people and chasing murderers shouldn’t have fixed me, but I never claimed I was like everyone else. He wasn’t like everyone else either.
I head upstairs. May as well. There’s nothing I need to do in the office anymore. There’s only so much solitaire you can play.
It has been hours and I don’t know what has gone on since I left. It was a necessary absence, though.
“Those bowls must be heavy, he’s going to have a sizeable bruise on his collarbone.” Lestrade muttered.  They continued down the hall.
“Like what?”  John asked, still on the verge of being furious. Sherlock reached to the floor and picked up a discarded business card and showed it to John.  It said: ‘Sherlock Holmes, Real Estate, Birmingham’.  It also was covered in something crusty.  John was about to toss the card aside in revulsion, but stopped when he detected something he couldn’t quite place.  He brought the card closer to his face and inhaled.  The card was covered in dried leek and potato soup.
Fingers twitch in my hand. Just lightly. Just for a moment. I will stay here and I will keep talking until he comes back to me. And I will never leave again.
I should have spoken to John. John would have stopped me from coming here, had he known. He can sense danger in a way I can’t explain. He would have known it was set to blow. I would have listened to him. I should have listened to him. But it is also why I avoid telling him things. Sometimes the game is best when facing the danger head-on and I want to see what happens next. He has the caution of a man with experience.
I stand. It is time. We head down the corridor to a different wing, a different world. Intensive care.
“That was…” shuttered Sherlock for the fifth time.  John lay back on the pillow, sweaty and breathless, a look of pleasure and satisfaction was plastered all over his face.
I’m ferried into a narrow room with official words being passed back and forth as if to lull us in with the confusion of it all. I can’t. I can’t focus on the guilt of being on my feet when he is on a table somewhere having a building removed from him.
My heart sinks when I remember his parents. Should I contact them somehow? I think we met once, just in passing, they seemed nice. Bit of a contrast to my family of alcoholics and arseholes. These people would care and are probably on their way. Mycroft would already have someone handle it.
John took a breath.  “I mean that last night, something happened and I didn’t get to remember what, and that isn’t fair.”
I demand explanations from the nurse. She threatens to call security. Was I shouting? I may have been shouting.
In a situation like this, none of that matters.  I could break all the rules I have, care as much as I can possibly try.  I could find a dozen specialists to work on his body, but nothing but time and his own rate of healing will help. None of my power will make a difference in what he is up against now.
I purse my lips and give a minute nod as a response. I don’t feel like talking. Not until I see him and tell him everything. How I wanted it to be, not just a quick fuck after an adrenaline high. He deserved better.
I need to stop thinking about this. It is not going to get him better. I am a medical professional as well, I am realistic in situations like this, I need to be honest with myself, not much is going to get him better. He needs time, but I need to talk to him now.
He went in for surgery the first night on his legs, and again for his abdomen to remove pieces of debris that punctured his torso. There was swelling in several segments of his spinal column that had to go down before they discovered the extent of the potential impairment.
I head downstairs and head to the cabinet for some paracetamol. Headache swimming around from all the cigarettes earlier. I down a few tablets, then go to the kitchen to pick at the remains of the takeaway I got on my way home. There’s still some naan and a bit of curry left, so I tuck in.
I had the forethought to request a bottle of brandy for the desk drawer. I rather think I’d like that right about now.
“This man fell asleep at the table,” the maître d’ said, indicating John.  “After that, this one,” he indicated Sherlock now, “jumped up in alarm and began to take away all the bowls of soup around the dining room, trying to prevent others from eating it. One guest did not take kindly to the suggestion and threw his bowl at him.”
I’ve also been the other guy though, the rescuer. I had a kit on my back and I did the finding for the army. I found people in so many different ways needing so much help. I have seen people who just want a hand to hold as they die. I’ve held a lot of hands.
Mycroft is waiting for me, though he isn’t saying anything. He just looks at me, a blank look on his face. Lestrade is here, too. He looks at Mycroft like there is something he wants to say, but doesn’t say it. They are waiting outside his room. Inside I can hear a number of people, doctors, discussing something in some kind of accent I don’t recognize.
“Sherlock, it’s Lestrade.  Ring me when you get up, we’re going to need a statement about the incident at the hotel last night.  The chef eventually cracked and admitted to doctoring the soup, we can probably tie him to the murders as well.  I hope you don’t mind that we put you in your room, it was closer than the hospital and the paramedics said you two just needed to sleep off the drugs. Anyways, if I don’t hear from you I will check on you in the morning, maybe bring your suit back from the cleaners.  Turrah.”
I know people are all scared of him, but I have known him for years, the lengths he goes to in order to protect his brother, pushing the line of what is appropriate use of his power, it is just his way of showing how much he loves him. He tried to pay me for keeping tabs on him when we first met. Obviously I turned him down. But when I realized who he was to Sherlock, it kind of made sense. It isn’t traditional or even normal for that matter, but it is love. He is one of the most caring people I have ever known.
It has been at least eighteen hours since we found him. I don’t know anything. I want to shout and bang on the door and hurl things at the window, but that will only hurt my chances of getting to see him sooner. I have been around the loved ones who made scenes, expecting to be listened to. Hospital staff don’t take kindly to abuse.
The notebook was about me. Notes about me. Like how I like my coffee and what takeaways I prefer. My shoe size and my height, and the fact that I am allergic to penicillin. As if he was doing a report on me for a scientific journal.
I see that his eyes are open. This means he is waking up! I exhale a breath I didn’t know I was holding. Relief is washing over me. This was what was so important they had to send for me.
His research linked the last few pieces of what we were missing in the case to connect the victim to the killer.
The messages are varied. I told the office and Mycroft to call if anything was important, so the texts are mostly things I am meant to catch up on.
This doesn’t really help. I mean, it helps the greater good, it is my job, it is important, but it isn’t what a friend would do.
I’m still not learning. Talking to people helps get information. It might be lies, it might be the truth, but you have to at least initiate the conversation. You would think I would know all that, given my line of work.
The Yard has granted me my leave of absence. The chief inspector put Donovan and my team with Hopkins to finish the case. I didn’t even know I put in a for a leave of absence.
So he disappeared. For two months, after he left university, I had no idea where he was. He wanted to explore, to investigate, to learn about the world. What that ended up meaning was that he discovered drugs, which intrinsically led his first overdose. He’d been found on the streets of Calais, after he’d been sleeping rough for days.  I set him up for rehabilitation, once he recovered, but he just escaped again.
John is talking now.  I can understand him.  He is telling me about when we first met.  That time with the pink suitcase.  It is like he is reciting a blog post, but he keeps asking me questions. Do you remember how Anderson thought it was a message in German? How you got me to go for a run even though back then I was still limping? Do you remember how you went off without telling anyone? And how I managed to follow you anyway? He’s talking so much, I think as much for his own sake than mine or any instruction from that doctor.  I think I remember all these things.
When I was about seven, I contracted the chicken pox, as is common for children of that age.  My mother was still expecting, so I was sent away to stay with my grandmère for a few weeks. I was very upset.  I had been looking forward to the arrival of my new sibling, i couldn’t wait to become a big brother.
I get up from my bed, my pillow still calling me for a few more hours. I bid my bed farewell and get dressed.
I take the seat. And there is his hand, free from the bedding, and the machines. I take it, just like I did when he was under the debris.
I had hoped he would be present for Sherlock’s examination by Dr. Korhonen, the specialist I had flown in. He is in with Sherlock’s medical team right now, and I would have liked the help understanding his findings. It is not that I am ignorant of medical matters, it is just that John has the practical experience.
This site had been popular with squatters. I was at three other squatter’s sites tonight. Little buildings, ancient and set for demolition to make way for a new development. I was looking for evidence of bodies being planted during the destruction of the building to make it appear that the victim had simply been caught up in the blast and the death was an accident. I needed to find the evidence before the buildings were destroyed in the morning.
It was a blast, though not much of one. The roof was set to come down in a relatively small implosion. Old building like this one, it needed just a gentle prod in the right direction to get it to fall. There was no time to take cover. Now the building is in pieces and I am trapped.
I do not tell her about his condition, only that he is not allowed visitors at this time.  It feels kinder at the moment.  I also tell her some of my staff will be there  to pick up the package she made. I tell her I will have her informed of anything significant.  Perhaps she realizes I am lying, but she thanks me anyways and puts the phone down.
He tells me that Sherlock had seen me from the window when I was upstairs. They all did.  He hasn’t said much more, but he did say my name several times.
I can turn my head the other way a bit to see through the crumbled ceiling to the night sky. There are stars visible from where I am. I have learned a bit about stars since the gallery. Their movements in the night sky are actually fascinating. I can almost understand why one would study astronomy. It appeals to the chemist in me, where I would use my microscope to study the minute, a telescope would study the massive.
I have been avoiding it. Avoiding thinking about why everything went to shit. It was my fault. I just didn’t know how to fix it.
I found a body, the one I had expected to find. But my suspect triggered the demolition early. I didn’t expect that. I should have known.
They wouldn’t let me in the ambulance, so someone drove me, probably Lestrade. Now I am here. A hospital trauma centre that is too rich for the likes of me, but I am happy it is here when he needs it.
They ask a number of questions about Sherlock’s general health, and tell me information I already know. I listen attentively and I answer what I can, but I don’t see the point of it. I provided them with Sherlock’s full medical chart. We all have read it.
Something tells me someone actually does want me here. The only person I know that has that power is Mycroft.
And before that there was the Uxbridge case.  The corridor.  No longer just friends. He wanted me and took me.  I remember that.  And it was fine.
I heard those words.  They came through.  A thick accent, somewhere Scandinavian. He was talking to John.
He could have even continued on in school, he only went to a graduate degree because he grew bored of academia. The chemistry interested him, the bureaucracy of education did not. He could have become a scientist, but only certain studies were worth his time. He had no intention of getting stuck anywhere, doing work just because someone put it in front of him.
I find a bus. The sky is threatening rain so I climb on. I don’t know where it is heading, I just ride for a while.
It made mention of that stupid night with the cut I bandaged. He wrote ‘Find out blood type’ in the top corner of the page. He didn’t even know his bloody blood type, he just made it up so as to not look like he didn’t know something that I thought he should. There was another little scratch saying ‘AB- NOT B+ FIX THIS’. He also planned on telling me after he found out. That made me feel like a jackass.
"I followed you, obviously, idiot. What were you thinking, coming here alone? And you. I hope you know I've been keeping an eye on you ever since your "death". The problems of your future, remember? Hello, That's me. Did you seriously think I couldn't tell fake blood from the real thing when I see it up close? I'm a doctor, Mary. An army doctor. And a good one. Also for next time, from a real wound blood doesn't really spurt like that. It looked ridiculous."
"Oh, but Sherlock darling. I'm not finished yet. Tell me, what is it? What is your heart? Don't try to tell me you don't have one. I know better. I know you. I am your weakness. I know everything."
"That's... that's good. Well, we're similar then. Before I met you, I also only had one person I'd really consider a close friend. I mean I had... mates at school and in the army, girlfriends, acquaintances. But not that. I wouldn't really consider it an actual relationship, we couldn't - But your Victor is my James, I guess."
"How... ridiculously romantic of you. Be sensible. I tried to warn you. Tried to keep you from making this mistake. I tried to save you. He will break your heart, Sherlock. Why did he not come back to you when you came back for him? Why did he choose Mary? Where is your good doctor now? Why is he not here with you now, if he loves you so?"
to you. When we noticed Sherlock was close to coming back from his mission to take down our network, we needed to act and keep you apart somehow. I really wanted to do it myself, I thought you were quite cute. It was so much fun, I really grew somewhat attached to you. You were so desperate, John. So sad. Grieving. So easy to lure in."
A few months after my wedding, Sherlock nearly got sent away on a six month mission to Eastern Europe. But then, just as he was about to leave, this strange thing happened. A certain video started playing simultaneously on every screen in the country. I'm sure most of you remember, it was on New Year's Day. You know the one. So Mycroft worked some magic and Sherlock got to stay to deal with, ... well whatever that was. (I'm pretty sure Mycroft is going to kill me if I say another word about anything to do with any of this.)
I pour myself another half-glass of brandy.  I am not normally this nostalgic.  But I feel as if I have been sent away again.
I must be in shock, I don’t feel much pain, mostly aching from the pressure of the debris. It is uncomfortable and heavy on me. I try bending everything, wiggling parts of my body to see if it will come free or is still capable of movement. I can’t tell if everything is working. It is too much sensation all around me. I can’t tell if my legs are even still attached.
I glance at the machines in the room, the figure in the bed, John’s hand clinging to Sherlock’s as if it were keeping him alive. I can’t think of how to finish that sentence. So I don’t. Not like John was listening anyways.
I don’t even matter any more.  He has friends.  He has John at his bedside.  He has compassion.  I am just someone who has connections.  I am only useful to him at a distance these days.
John glanced over.  From the pained look on Sherlock’s face, he was having a similar level of discomfort from a similar hangover.
I tried. Eventually I tried. It wasn’t the text I expected. I expected a message about my absence, or something about what happened that night. I did read the text. But it wasn’t until well after the bloody building came down. He left without me and now look what happened! Hours and hours, like that. While I sat ignoring a message.
When finally my symptoms were gone, I was allowed to go home.  Grandmère finally said to me that Sherlock was brand new to this world, and he would need a guide.  It is up to me; If I wanted him to know the things I know, I would have to teach him.
I don’t fail often. Or rather, I don’t admit to failing. I sometimes skirt the edge of leaving things unsolved, but never count those as failures, only experience towards the next case. Everything helps me get better. Everything is to make me stronger.
I have a few updates from Donovan, keeping me posted on the suspect we have identified for knocking down the building. Our case is strong, but he has a lawyer now and we are going to need all we’ve got to get him charged.
“This is a bad idea, John.  We still don’t know what happened to us.”  Sherlock was already leaning in.
And there it is.  All at once.  Gaps in my memory are suddenly filling in.  I try to make sense of it all.
But it isn’t the same. Any agents I have are all there voluntarily, and they are compensated for their time and efforts. For my time? I get shame and guilt from my parents.
Personally, I am realistic about the outcome.  There is a reasonable chance that he will survive, and recover from his injuries.  The weight of the chance that he will not is heavy in my mind.
They go on their trips and their cruises and tours all over, and they expect me to keep my thumb on him. As if they expect me to monitor his every move and report back to them.
“Clearly something happened … between us last night.”  John was trying to organize his thoughts carefully and delicately, but it wasn’t really easily done.
It could be a mistake, always possible. Something the hospital recorded incorrectly. His files might be mixed up or out of date. Not likely, there is little chance that Mycroft Holmes would allow for that. Mycroft probably has his medical records as an app on his phone. He would have noticed, and would have fixed it and fired (or worse) the individual who got it wrong.
However, I have a feeling that this case is only in my hands as a platitude. Major crimes or some shadowy government agency can take it off my desk at any time.  I’m almost tired enough to sign it off to Mycroft.  I’ll see how my team handles it for now.
I just got back from the Yard,. They have the suspect, they identified the body in the debris, and there is evidence that he knew Sherlock was in the building, so he’s going to be tried for that too.
He should have taken my offer years ago to work for me.  He has a fantastic brain.  It could be put to some use. Instead he's playing hero with his friends, stopping villains and causing trouble.  It makes it much harder to keep track of him  than if he worked as an analyst or an operative.  But of course that would stifle his spirt. One of the reasons I cherish him so much.
“…Amazing?” John said, nuzzling Sherlock for a kiss. Sherlock kissed him softly, but broke away quickly, shaking his head.
Then I start to apologize again. How sorry I was that we didn’t talk. About any of it. I tell him that I am sorry that I didn’t tell him I loved him before pushed things further. I tell him I am sorry for hiding from him. That I am sorry I missed the text. I am sorry I wasn’t there with him. Because I should always be by his side.
I stop on the way to Sherlock’s room at the little café, ordering another coffee. I indulge in cream and sugar this time, normally forgoing them. Sherlock would laugh and ask if cream and sugar fit to my diet. I smile at the thought, and add a bit more sugar.
Damn I am so tired, I should have gotten a coffee. I yawn. I need just a couple seconds to rest my eyes.
Not that I’m complaining too much. I am glad I am here, I am happy I can keep an eye on things. I want to know what’s going on and the best way is to check the source.
When I was trapped and needed rescue, I knew the terror of every second and the kind of things that goes through your head, “Will they find me in time?” “Does anyone know where I am?” “Dear God, let me live.” I told him that part, early on.
It was in his unmistakable scrawl. What did this mean? What did this unlock? When did he write this for me?
It’s a good laugh, but John tells me these things with fondness. With each anecdote, he squeezes Sherlock’s hand.
I call out for him, but nothing moves, no sound escapes. I can’t look around or reach out. I am locked in place.
I cough. The dust is still affecting my breathing. I am thirsty. How long has it been? I think I was unconscious for some of it. My arm is stuck, my watch and phone are likely smashed so I can’t check. It is still nighttime. I don’t hear sirens though. This place isn’t so remote. Someone will be coming soon. I texted John before I left. He might be coming.
"Yes, Oscar Wilde. My point is, that's how I felt. I existed, nothing more. But I've always wanted more. I was so alone. Miserable. And really... close to ending it all. That's how it felt before you, and when you were gone. I didn't want to live anymore. I had nothing to live for. I missed the war. The action, being needed. You don't know how many times I took out my gun and just -"
I'm a bit sorry for the ending, but I noticed I couldn't put the whole case in a blog post. (How does ACD even think Watson would have gotten away with that?) But the conclusion is going to come up later.
Just know that I did it all for you. I meant well. And the thought of you - that I did what I had to do to save you, and that I could come back to you once it was all done - was what kept me alive those two years. You were always with me, John. I couldn't have done it without you. I wanted to live and come back, for you. But none of this is an excuse. I don't expect you to forgive -"
"When I came back I was... I was looking forward to seeing you so much. It was what kept me going while I was away. But... you were so angry and - Mary was there and I... You clearly didn't need me anymore. You seemed happy. How could I do anything but support that? How could I compete with that? How could I even think of coming in between that? You chose
Oh my god, you really were still wondering, weren't you? You're pathetic honestly, both of you. Always insisting that you're "not gay", John, but still jealously watching every move any woman makes in a radius of ten feet around Sherlock. You're both so stubborn. And you, Sherlock, still silently pining for him. Even after he chose
So, how do I start? Hello. I'm back! So sorry I haven't posted in ages. But well, a lot of stuff has been happening lately.
. Too easy. You didn't even check for a pulse. And no one ever even came looking for a body afterwards. Strange, isn't it? Just woooosh and over the edge you went. Without a second thought. Always the brave dragon slayer, the noble knight in shining armour trying to save his damsel in distress. Love is such a dangerous motivator.
He tells me about the time when Sherlock tried to drug him with a cup of coffee. Then he tells me about another time when Sherlock asked him if Harry Potter was a prime minister or some sort of anthropomorphic rabbit. It took all his self control to not put it in the blog. He tells me that if you really want to get on his nerves, then sit next to him and chew really loudly. Sherlock absolutely hates the sound of someone else eating.
It is a useful position to have when needing to wield power, of which I have a great deal. I was not always this way.  I grew to need this persona, this life.  I rely on it now.  In the past, I was nothing but a fat older brother trying to be smarter than the baby.
I try to clear my vision by blinking.  I can see at a bit more of a distance.  I think that shape is Lestrade. That makes me feel surprisingly more relaxed.  I am glad he is here.  I know he’s been here for me in the past.  At times when nobody else would listen, he listened to me. I try to say something but his name comes out as a barely audible hiss.. I point at him, which earns me a glance.   I think he has a phone in his hand. He glances at it frequently.  He is waiting for a text or a call.  That is the only reason to do that.
The doctors swarm to the bedside and I am being held back by the nurses. There was an alarm on one of the machines, it was beeping but I didn’t think… it couldn’t mean…
Me and Mycroft, we had a sit-down with John, we told him about what was going on with Sherlock, how his eyes had been open for about an hour, sometimes blinking, not really looking at anything, but still open. They were going to monitor Sherlock closely overnight, but his vitals have improved enough that they took him off the respirator. He looks more like himself. It still could be days before he is fully awake and himself, it isn’t like they say it is on telly.
I will have to meet with them and talk to them beforehand, let them know what happened. It isn’t that I didn’t tell them everything, it is that I didn’t know how to tell them. They know he’s been in an accident, but they do not know he hasn’t regained consciousness. My mother wanted to talk to him on the phone when I called her. I told her he was being examined and couldn’t come to the phone. Not an outright lie, but a convenient mislabelling of truth.
But I need to be in there. I need to tell him I am sorry, again. For the misunderstanding, for misjudging him, for being an idiot… for basically everything. I promised I wouldn’t leave him and here I was, spending most of the day away for stupid reasons. I want to find him again, to hold his hand as he comes back to the world.
The scene at the end happened because I am still angry that they managed to adapt The Six Napoleons twice without ever including it.
Speaking of which... I kept thinking about what you said to Leonie. You know, the girlfriend of the woman who'd been killed by her brother with "Devil's Foot"."
To Greg's surprise, Sherlock announced that he wanted to go to Blackheath - which is where Jane McFarlane and her parents lived - first instead of Norwood. He firmly believed Miss McFarlane's story was true and that she was innocent. So we went to see Jane's parents, while Greg and his colleagues went back to the crime scene in Norwood. We found out that Mister McFarlane, Jane's father, had been engaged to Johanna Oldacre but left her before he met his wife and Jane's mother. Miss McFarlane's parents told us that they had no idea either why the architect would have left their daughter her fortune, but that they didn't want anything from her.
"Yes, the day you came back. Two years ago. You know, I never quite gave up the hope that you would. Come back, I mean. That you were still alive, somehow. I saw your face everywhere. On the street, on the bus, everywhere. The first few months I even kept talking to you. I kept seeing you everywhere and forgetting you were gone. Everything reminded me of you. And when you actually came back, at first I thought you weren't real either. Just my subconscious screwing with me, trying to stop me from proposing or something. That's something it would do. I had nearly given up. That's why I was with Mary. I was trying to move on. It didn't work."
"Yeah well, don't be too hard on yourself. I got a lot of practice hiding it, even from myself. You know, when Harry came out, our dad wasn't exactly... accepting. He basically threw her out. Not exactly the best conditions. I was never brave enough to act on anything, save with James. And even that was in secret."
"Is that supposed to scare me? Go to hell, Sherlock. Sadly, I can't kill you right now, even though I'd really love to. I nearly managed in Magnussen's office back then, didn't I? Shame really. You really are so irritating. But I'm going to save that for the big finale. Well, I got to be going boys. See you soon."
"John, are you asking me if I'm a virgin? Honestly? Why are you suddenly so concerned with my love life anyway?"
"No. You're lucky. You're so lucky. If you had killed him, I swear to god you wouldn't have walked out of here alive. I swear."
"Why did you call us here then? To tell us about your adventures with Jim and insult us? But then, this is your idea of fun I guess. I mean, I always knew you were a pretty shit wife, but this is a whole new level, even for you."
Why is my "Mary" German you ask? Because I'm still confused as to why they made a point of Sherlock saying she's not British and then never came back to it. Also because I'm German and because Rosamund can easily be turned into the German Rosamunde and also just basically because I can. What is David doing here you ask? Because I'm still bitter that they introduced him like that and then never did anything with him. Originally I had Mary say that she wasn't sure who the father was, but then again I really wanted her to be John's.
"Yes exactly, see, it's going to be fine. Ugh, but I am starting to feel a bit dizzy now. Must have lost more blood than I thought. Would you mind calling an ambulance after all?"
"What? No, of course not! I was trying to keep you out of trouble! I wanted to keep you safe from whatever Mary had planned, and was busy trying to figure out what it was.
"Well, is that it? That doesn't even mean anything. What are you going to do? It hasn't worked so far, has it? This is staring to get boring."
...  John, you are - frankly speaking - what has kept me alive for seven years now. I therefore was, and still am prepared to do anything you need me to do - or what I think you need me to do. Obviously I've make mistakes. But what I've always wanted was to ensure you were happy - with or without me - because I am forever thankful what you did and still do for me. I need to give something back. You saved me.
Tuesday morning we were visited by a young woman called Jane McFarlane, who told us she needed our help because the police was looking for her. She was a lawyer and accused of having killed one of her clients, an architect called Johanna Oldacre.
Mrs. Hudson knocks at the door again, this time saying they are waiting, and are saying it is important. I tell her I’ll be right there.
I clench my teeth, expecting someone to tell me something, but the medical team is blocking the view. And nobody will answer me.
Ah yes, they are easing me into the medical jargon. Start by calming me with the easier to follow information, then they introduce the more difficult concepts. It is a technique much used in dealing with anxious loved ones with simpler minds. I let them know that is not the case.
But something did happen the other day. And it was big.  I never thought John would leave, not even for a short while. I hope they can sort it out. When he gets better, obviously.
Another cup of coffee is out beside me. I don’t even remember drinking the last one. I have no idea who keeps putting it there. The little waiting area is cold and crowed with my own thoughts but the coffee keeps my hands warm. I take a sip. Sugar again.
There was a pause. The door opened. I looked up. Lestrade walks in, followed by Mycroft. Their faces are grim and tired.
I ride for about an hour and a half, silently fuming about the situation, trying to think but I kept getting caught up in circles of anger. I stare ahead, trying to work any of this out, but my thoughts are interrupted by a tap on my shoulder. An older woman with an orange scarf looks at me expectantly. I start to stand and offer her my seat, slightly taken aback. She smiles. Before I move away to give her the seat, she holds something out to me. I thought it might be money for giving her the seat, so I shook my head and forced a tight smile.
Every time I take a step away, he does something new.  I have been gone a matter of hours and he is talking. He is awake.  Even in his recovery, I just have to turn away and he is someone new.
Dr. Korhonen was the one who spoke to me on the phone.  He assured me that Sherlock’s condition is improving, but there are a lot of other issues to contend with.
I find my way upstairs, back from the office space I have been lent on behalf of the hospital.  I may be invested in the wellbeing of my brother, but I can’t coordinate everything from a bedside.  I have specialists coming in tomorrow from Helsinki, recommended for their treatment of patients in Sherlock’s condition.  I am arranging for our parents to return to the UK from their trip to America.  Their flight was delayed, I offered to charter them a jet, but they told me ‘not to make a fuss’. I’m not sure they fully understand what has gone on here.
Before that, I was alone for a few days.  He was at his sister’s.  He came back, but didn’t talk to me.
I see him. That is him. He has a wide array of equipment covering him, but he is under there. I step closer. Lestrade puts a hand on my shoulder and squeezes it. I step closer. He normally towers over everyone and everything, in personality, if not actual height. He looks so tiny now. I step closer.
I am being hoisted up by my shoulders. I was on the floor. Spilled my coffee, (his coffee). Lestrade is putting me back in the little room but it is hard to see. I wipe my eyes again and again.
But he tore the page out. I don’t know if that makes it not true any more, because of what happened, or if he was hiding it for another reason. But he took it back.
I finish talking with Donovan. She actually tells me she hopes things turn out okay. For my sake. Not quite a ‘get well soon’ for Sherlock, but it is a lot more than she would normally give. Maybe it is just because he’s not awake enough to hear it.
I’m in a hospital.  Doctors and nurses are present, pushing past John. I see their shapes as they flutter about me. I would rather have John.  They also speak to me, but they are dull.  I don’t care to listen yet.  I try to push them away but I am weak and it hurts.  My arm is pinned under a load of debris.
“Does that change things?  I mean, we still ended up …here.”  No matter what, they’d never ended up in this situation in the past.
I naturally came back as soon as I heard the news.  The hospital has been my home-away-from-home for days.  It seems fitting that they called me before anyone else could.
I know most of his hiding places, spots he didn’t expect me to know about. Little places for putting his experiments, disguises, weapons, or worse. But there was always this briefcase. A big one with a lock on it. It was tucked in the back of his closet. I saw it once when we had to do a search, when we were worried that he might be on something. I did try to get into it with no luck, not without breaking the thing. When I mentioned it to Mycroft at the time, he said it was not important and to continue searching elsewhere.
I was caught off guard by something I read in the chart. I was attacked by one small bit of information and I guess I fell apart.
He moves some of the rubble away, smoothly as possible, piece by piece. Soon there are other hands moving more pieces. The more they reveal, the more they whisper to each other.
And I begin to talk. I start saying anything I can think of at first, I told him about the coffee, and how I didn’t mind. I tell him about the army, I tell him about medical school, I tell him about growing up.
John squeezes my hand. I squeeze back.  I look at him, really look at him.  He is more than just a shape now.  He is John.  He looks terrible. Like he hasn’t slept for days.  I did that, didn’t I?  He has been here, waiting for me to wake up.  How long have I been unconscious?
The shapes move away from me. Good.  They can stop bothering me and let me see John again.  I have a feeling that there is something important that we need to say.  I remember that things were good between us.  Comfortable and more comfortable.  Like we belong together. I think something was changing.  I need to know for sure.  I wish i could articulate this.   Instead, I just say his name again in the half-whisper of a voice I have.
Sherlock shook his head, and because he hadn’t gotten up yet, it was effectively nuzzling further into John’s arm.  John hadn’t gotten up yet, either.
Of course, then followed several other calls and texts.  The Detective Inspector was quite ecstatic when he called.
John is different. I don’t even know why I chose him. It was as if he walked into my life with a limp and an arrow above his head with the lettering
I send a few more replies to the messages. The case is getting complicated and I need to get back to the Yard to take care of some of these details.  Now that he has a lawyer, we might not get as much compliance as we have been having.
Sherlock touched the area gently with his free hand.  He tried to remain dignified.  “A hematoma of some description.”
I am patient with her, She can be distracting and sentimental, but she loves my brother as a mother would love her son.
Sherlock is no stranger to intimate relationships, I understand that he's had several, even one or two meaningful ones. I try not to pry, but I worry, constantly, for his safety.  So I investigated his chosen partners, and disposed of many of them when I found them of an unsavoury sort.  He likely didn’t miss them, it was just another thing to stave off the boredom.  He fell out of the habit of friends and lovers for a long time.  I suppose that is my fault, for making them all leave. But I do what I can to protect him.
I should have saved him. Usually I consider the puzzle, the mystery, the case. It is the game. The pawns are just a part of it. But as I look at him, I see a waste. He shouldn’t have ended up here. I was jumping to the end. I calculated where he would hide the bodies of his victims. I should have found a way to stop the murders. It was just easier to wait for the next body to arrive. Easier to wait for a mistake. I wish I could apologize to him.
A nurse walks in. She does the vitals, she checks him over in the usual manner.  She talks to him, even though there is little evidence that he will hear or have any capacity to understand in the state he is in.  Perhaps I should have been talking to him, like John does.    The nurse leaves.
We sit for probably an hour. My body is aching for sleep. I am also remembering the sandwich I had what feels like a lifetime ago.
I’m trying to remember the last time we spoke. I didn’t see him before I left this evening. I spent the day thinking. He was still avoiding me.
I stop by the little cafe and grab a couple coffees and some muffins. John looks like he got some rest, but he still looks like a bag of dirt. He probably could use a pick-me-up.
"John, what the hell -? ... Well then, doctor, do enlighten me. Please, go on. What do you propose?"
"Oh god. Why do I even bother with you? You haven't changed at all since we last met. Still so slow, so stupid. Sometimes I wonder if you're even worth all the trouble."
"In love with you? I didn't admit it to myself for some time, but I'm fairly sure now it was our first case together, after I had realized you were the one who had shot the cabbie. I... I came so close to telling you so many times. When I stood on the rooftop. On that tarmac. But it wouldn't have been fair. I didn't know when - if we were going to see each other again. I thought you were going to be ok.
"Seriously? You believe that? No. Never. Not for that. Not for shooting you. Not when she knew exactly what losing you a second time - for real - would do to me. Not when she did it for completely selfish reasons.
"Yes, of course it was. Johanna Oldacre wanted to disappear. "Dear Jim, will you fix it for me?" Remember? I'm back in business. But it was much more fun this way, getting little Jane to come to you for help. And remember Mortimer Tregennis? The "Devil's Foot"? Brilliant, wasn't it? Oh, and that bomb that should have blown up the parliament? That was my big come back project. Shame you had to ruin it, it would have been spectacular."
It really took some persuasion to get Sherlock to open the door, a bit longer and I had broken it down. The room was all filled with some sort of smoke or fumes. Sherlock himself looked terrible. He was white as the wall and also babbling and screaming quite a bit (even though he probably wouldn't admit to that). He kept telling me to "examine him" and reciting something I suspect might have been Hamlet. It seemed as if he were hallucinating. By the time I had managed to pull him out of the room, I was honestly feeling quite dizzy myself.
I - You know, you're the one who's kept me alive too. You saved my life. Probably literally. Before I met you, I - After I came back from Afghanistan, my life was just... empty. Nothing. Nothing ever happened. I felt useless.
"Yeah. Yeah, I know. You're right. And I... appreciate what you did. I really do. And you came back in the end, that's what is important. But still. It was bloody awful."
"Mary just wasn't right for me. It was never going to work, even if she wasn't who she turned out to be. I thought I needed her, needed a relationship. I didn't want to be alone. Well, I guess I still do, but not like that. Not like her.
flat in the first place, it was never the same without you anyway. And Rosie, she's lovely. A miracle. And she's part of you. Why wouldn't she be welcome here?"
Seriously? Do you even listen to yourself sometimes? You really have no idea how it was for me, when you were gone, hm? For two years, not one word from you?! It was
When your dear brother tried to send you away - possibly to die - you nearly managed to do it again. Oh, Mycroft. We thought we had him under control, but oh well. He's quite stubborn, not unlike you. Shame you felt you had to kill Magnussen out of pure chivalry. But he knew too much anyway. We were still figuring out how to prevent you having to face the consequences, but whoever broadcast that weird video was quicker. They really have my respect, that was an... inspired move."
"If she's still alive, and she likes you, she does - you bloody fool! Just go meet her. You don't even know how lucky you are, you can't just go wasting that chance! It could be gone before you know it, I'm telling you!"
After Mrs Hudson and I had taken care of him (and aired his room), Sherlock explained that he had been experimenting with an extract of from the root of some African plant called "The Devil's Foot" (it has some fancy Latin name too as Sherlock would tell you) for a case. The stuff can be vaporised by heat so it dissolves into the atmosphere, and if you inhale that it's pretty toxic. It causes hallucinations at first and if you're subjected to it for too long or use too much of it, it's deadly.
"Are you sure? You know how messy kids can be, right? And after the whole thing with Mary and all..."
"The video. Did you really think that was Moriarty? That's really not... subtle enough for him, is it? Not his style. But your Homeless Network and Anderson's little fan club, they have some guys who are
got to dance with Sherlock properly. We're definitely going to do that more often in the future.) Greg was Sherlock's best man and Mike Stamford was mine. (Sherlock even remembered Greg's first name when asking him, but then I suspect he's always known.) I believe both Mycroft and Harry are still a bit pissed that we didn't pick them, but I do think at least Greg made up for it with Mycroft afterwards. ;) (Here I go again, most likely about to get myself stabbed with an umbrella next time I see Mycroft.)
After that little experiment that Mrs Hudson and I (luckily) interrupted, Sherlock told me his conclusion that it could only have been Mortimer himself who murdered his sister and nearly his brothers too with the drug. He was the only other person who had been in the house but made sure to leave before dark when he knew the lamp was going to be turned on. In fact we found out later he had had a "disagreement" with his siblings over money (the sale of the family business I think).
"James? Major Sholto? But, surely you don't mean...? When you say - you were... with him...? You always say you're not..."
Good Morning! Or at least it's morning here, because I'm writing this on a cruise liner on the Caribbean Sea, where Sherlock and I are currently spending our honeymoon. Sherlock really loves it, but then that shouldn't surprise me, he did want to be a pirate after all when he was a kid. (He also got me to do the Titanic thing by the way, you know the one.)
"Yeah, stupid of me. I could have guessed he wouldn't use his real name either. Of course he has a dramatic stage name. What's the real one? Andrew? ... Wait a second. R? Rosamund?"
In case you were wondering, Mycroft helped us immensely and managed to get my marriage to "Mary" (that wasn't even her real name by the way) annulled so that Sherlock and I could have our wedding and our happy end as soon as possible. Well, it's not actually an end, even though it's very happy. It's just the beginning.
"We're nothing alike, Moriarty. We never will be. What makes you think I'd ever even consider -? This story of yours is over. I have my own now. The real thing. I don't need you. You're nothing but a ghost from the past. And you can't burn anything out of me. I don't have my heart. John Watson does."
Aaah John I knew it!!! So happy! Congrats, little brother! And to you too Sherlock! Hope John is finally going to introduce us soon, can't wait to meet you!
"Yes, her... Oh. Didn't she tell you why she held such a personal grudge against you even before she met you? Her brother, Sebastian. Valuable part of the organisation. We were...
"... You know, with Mary - it just wasn't the same. Not ever. After you were dead - gone -, it just was... convenient. I was so lonely, I was trying to distract myself. And then you came back, and suddenly I saw how it was all wrong, but I couldn't just leave her, I would have hated myself for that. We were going to get married, and then I found out she was pregnant. I nearly backed out on the wedding day, but I felt I had some sort of duty to her, and to my child. That's why I stayed. That's the only reason. Of course that was before I knew she nearly killed you. I realized long before that that I had never really loved her, not like... I loved the idea of her, caring, loving, stable, reliable. Turns out she was anything but that."
"No, you listen to me now, you self righteous prick! How dare you!? I was... heartbroken. Lost. I was so alone. Even my limp came back. I had to go back to using my cane for some time, and went back into therapy. You had me mourn you. Two years, Sherlock. Two years. I really felt like I had lost the one thing in my life that was ever any good. I missed you so much. I was angry at you. Tried to hate you, but I couldn't. I felt awfully guilty, thought maybe there was something I could have done -
The only new things we found out that day was that Johanna Oldacre's finances were a bit odd - she had made a lot of big transfers to a Miss Cornelius - and that the papers she had brought to Jane McFarlane's office had been hurriedly written on a train.
I hadn't seen much of Sherlock since that Garridebs incident, but about a week ago Mrs Hudson was at my door one morning (she has the most incredible car by the way, I had no idea). She seemed pretty desperate and told me Sherlock was ill. He hadn't left his room for two days, although she could hear him running amok inside, and hadn't been eating or drinking either. So we went to Bakerstreet.
Miss Oldacre told Jane to come to her house in the evening to examine some more documents together. So that evening the young lawyer drove to Norwood, where her benefactress lived. When they were finished with their paperwork, it was too late for her to drive back, so she stayed at a local inn. When she drove back home in the morning and turned on the news on the radio, she learned of Johanna Oldacre's death and that the police was looking for her. She came straight to us. The weird part about this is, our address had been given to her by some random guy in the parking lot, before she even knew she might need it. She had heard of Sherlock, but said she wouldn't have remembered if that guy hadn't handed her that paper with our address.
Then Sherlock had the glorious idea to make a fire in that exact hallway. He had figured out from the cut of the house and the shape of the room that Miss Oldacre, who had planned the house herself, had built in some secret hideout and wanted to lure her out by setting off the smoke alarms. What we did was not only to set off the smoke alarms but also nearly the house on fire because no one had bothered to check where the fire extinguishers were first. But well, in the end a still very much alive Johanna Oldacre came out of a little room behind a wall panel and admitted that she wanted to frame Jane McFarlane for her murder.
"... John, there's... there's something I wanted to say. Need to say actually. Always have and never did, until Mary shot you and I thought you were..."
"No, please, let me finish. You know this sort of stuff is difficult for me, but I have to get this out now or else I'll implode. What's happened now - her working with Moriarty and all... Well, I had suspected as much for some time, and her faking her death made me sure. It was just too big of a coincidence that I should have married an ex assassin. It had to be planned.
... You know, for some time there I actually thought you and Mary... you got along so well. Between you planning the wedding and shooting Magnussen for her I really..."
"It's alright, Sherlock - she didn't wake up. I think you can stop playing now. Thank you for taking care of her."
"She's the one who should be sorry. I can't believe this. I can't believe I ever fell for you. You are literally the worst thing that could have happened to me."
"Yes, I did. Thank you. It's fine. They got me all fixed up, it wasn't that bad after all. But I was really lucky, you did pretty much save my life there by pushing me out of the way. Thank you again. Also for taking care of me."
Happy belated Birthday, Sherlock darling. Congratulations on solving this one! I hope you liked my little present. I'm a bit disappointed John didn't mention it, but I assume you found the message I left in Johanna Oldacre's hideout. Miss me? You'll hear from me soon.
But most importantly, Sherlock and I finally took the time to talk. About everything that's happened - and about us, our relationship. And well, what can I say. We should have done that ages ago. Just this much: We're incredibly happy :)
Why twins? Because I'm still baffled that they never did anything with the "It's never twins" thing. Also what the hell DID happen to Moriarty's body? We just don't know. Watch me being forever bitter and confused.
Sherlock, I'm fine. And you already did apologize for that. Like 1.000 times, but I appreciate it :)
"Yeah. You used me, I get that now. Well, guess what, I used you too. I was trying to move on. You were there, you were convenient."
I can't tell you too much about the case or use any full names because it's all still very fresh, and... well the ending is a bit messed up.
Making her believe she was forgiven and going back to her was essential though. I knew she was dangerous. And if she'd suspected anything, god knows what might have happened. You see what happened now. And she was having my child. I couldn't just have her run. But Magnussen - he was wrong. She wasn't my "pressure point". I needed to keep
"What? No, John! She said... I can't... It's going to be dangerous! You... If you were hurt, again - No. You're not coming. We can't -"
"... Well, I thought you were "not gay". And apart from that, how did someone as... difficult as me deserve someone as kind and brave and loyal and wise as you? Why would you even put up with me? You considering me your friend is already more than I could have ever hoped for. I never dreamed that you might want more than that. That you could possibly love me back -"
Now that there's no more Moriarty or Mary to worry about (Moriarty is really actually dead and has been ever since Reichenbach, and Mary finally has to face the consequences of everything she did - the legal proceedings are still ongoing), we're finally truly happy. Very much so. And we're not  going to let anyone ruin that anymore and let nothing come in between us. From now on, it's always the two of us - and our daughter. Speaking of which - Sherlock is amazing as a parent.
"I knew it. I knew there was more to that. He was going to let you die there, wasn't he? You thought you weren't going to come back, and Mycroft knew it too. That little shit. Thank god we managed to avert that in time."
"John, I am sorry. I can only repeat that. When... when Mary shot you, and I thought you might... If that's what it felt like for you, when you thought I was... I'm so sorry, John. I didn't know. I'm so sorry I had to put you through that. But it had to be done. I saw no other way. I had to protect you. Moriarty was going to have you killed."
I have to admit there is a bit more to this story, but I can't write it up here yet because there are some people to protect. Maybe someday the whole story can be told.
anymore. I should never have - When you came back, it was just... a lot. We should have done this so much earlier. Right after you came back. Shit, even before that. I wasn't really happy with her. Never. Do you remember the tremor I had in my hand when we first met? It came back right after the wedding. I had nightmares again too. I missed you so much. It was never the same without you. Not remotely."
happened. It was like... the colour came back. I felt alive. When we stood in the hallway that first night after coming back from Angelo's, I knew that was it.
She had debts and wanted to disappear (hence the payments the her alias Miss Cornelius), so she figured she could have a little revenge at her ex and his family while she was at it. She thought it was funny apparently. For her "corpse" in the fire she had burnt some of her clothes, and what Sherlock thinks might have been a rabbit. The thumbprint was apparently made by taking Jane's print from the fingerprint sensor on her phone that she had conveniently forgotten at the house (even though the police is still trying to figure out how that is even technically possible).
A former client of Sherlock's had shown up at Bakerstreet with a friend, Mortimer, who had found his sister dead and his two brothers apparently gone mad in their parents' house that morning. He said they had all played cards together the evening before, but he had left early. When Mortimer came back in the morning, he found his siblings still sitting at the table, his sister dead and his brothers laughing and singing manically. (The brothers were taken to a hospital and are fine now by the way.) The only explanation Mortimer could think of was a strange figure he claimed he and one of his brothers had seen at the window just before he left.
"Sherlock dear, close your pretty little mouth. It's unbecoming. Have you never heard of bullet proof vests and bags of fake blood? And with a little money you can buy anything, even fake paramedics.
Once Sherlock was done showing off (who can blame him, he really earned it that time) everyone was glad Jane McFarlane had been proven innocent, and Sgt Donovan, DI Hopkins and Greg all thanked Sherlock and for once told him how happy they were to work with him. Greg even called him a "good man". (At which point Sherlock's face went like this :> and I think he had to concentrate a  great deal not to cry. He even did a little bow. Can I say that without fearing he's going to murder me in my sleep? We just don't know.)
Yes, you heard right. Sherlock and I got married. On January 29th (the day we met at St Bart's, we decided we're going to celebrate that as our anniversary) we went to have dinner at Angelo's and had somehow both decided to propose (it was just a tad awkward, we basically both went down on one knee at the same time and sort of ended up sitting on the floor kissing). We wanted to tie the knot as soon as possible, after all we've waited much too long already and had no more time to waste. Which is also the reason why Sherlock wanted to get married promptly on Valentine's day (he is a romantic, no matter what he says).
