Dr Dobrieuzi’s work.  We’re poised to take the next step forward, revealing not just how wristbands change colour but
Weasel sneered.  “We were told there’s a single person falsely claiming to be married in order to keep this flat all to themselves.  Unfair
“No.”
“I think my family may be under a curse!” blurted Ivan desperately.
John set aside the takeout containers and looked Sherlock in the eye and licked his lips. “Sherlock, I only have one love interest now. And he’s not a nurse.”
Dimly, John was aware of the phone ringing, of Mrs Hudson trying to get his attention. Finally he managed to focus on what she was saying.
“Sorry?”
“Yes, brother, that’s true.  But I also have a plan.”
John sputtered into his beer as Greg smiled triumphantly. “Okay, that’s one for you.  Let’s talk about something normal.  News, for example.”
She smiled gently, unshed tears in her eyes. “Sherlock’s right, isn’t he? This all would have turned out very differently if I’d been able to trust you.”
“Harry, I’m sorry...”
“John,” Sherlock hissed.  “This way!”
“We’ve never done that.”
Fortunately Mary turned out to be amenable to
“I don’t know.  That’s why I’ve invited the killer to contact us.”
“As long as I don’t have to hear any more about vampire placentas,” she shot back. “Custard or lemon tarts?”
“Thank you, that’s, ah, very kind but...”
she had a dislocated shoulder. Her curses were loud, creative and addressed to all parties present, George included. Sherlock provided a rasping counterpoint, insisting that he needed immediate medical care for his throat.
“Sherlock,” he called, “Which way to the castle?”
He sounded bitter, angry – and young. The Sherlock of the present-day transmuted before John’s eyes into a young man whose world had collapsed around him.
“Oi!” said Lestrade. “Be nice to John or he’ll think twice about taking you places.” He winked broadly at John.
As it turned out, there were a few moments yet. It was 7:21 AM – John recorded this – when the infant slid into Sherlock’s waiting hands, tiny, bald, red and indubitably female, with a clear brown pre-pouch spanning her abdomen. She waved her arms rhythmically, ancient instinct telling her she needed to climb to reach to the safety of the pouch.
Sherlock looked up from the report he was reading.  “Oh, John.  I thought you were here already.”
“I was trying not to fall arse over tea kettle, not counting the bloody steps!”
Sherlock, still focussed on the newspaper, did not move. Mycroft’s face betrayed nothing, but John couldn’t help his own sharp intake of breath. Mrs Holmes noticed immediately.
There were, in fact, a fair number of blokes in the audience who were
“John and Mary have separated,” Sherlock put in smoothly. “John has returned to live here as my flatmate, as he did for some years prior to his marriage.”
“How?” John whispered.
Lestrade’s jaw dropped.
“I saw how far the window of your hospital room opened. That wouldn’t have fit through.”
“Yes, I remember Anderson saying...”
“It wasn’t an emergency! Well, maybe it was beginning to be.  But it didn’t start off that way.  It started off with going for a walk, and then we were at the university and then we were in the toilet and... Stuff just kept happening.”  Tyler looked about ready to cry.
“I don’t understand how you can actually be looking forward to this,” muttered Sherlock, just barely audible over the noise of the train.
Sherlock had turned his own chair to face to sofa and installed Mary in it. John felt a flash of resentment until he realized that Sherlock intended John to join him on the sofa, sitting side by side. He set the tray down, sat close enough to Sherlock that their knees touched and passed the tea around.
The car pulled over to the kerb.  Sherlock got out and began to stride away.  The driver looked at John meaningfully and cleared his throat.  He brightened considerably when John handed him a Canadian ten.  “Thanks, mate.”
“But then the mother’s body would reject the child, because the DNA are different,” argued Mary.
“Everything seems to be in order,” Weasel allowed grudgingly.  “You’re clear – at least as far as housing is concerned.”  He gave the skull a meaningful look before all three of them left.
Bill took a large swallow of beer and grimaced.  “Canadian beer’s never going to be as good as British beer.”
There was a moment’s silence as Tyler pulled himself together. Miranda was crying too, quietly.
He left the library and decided to revive himself by walking the long way back to Baker Street.  The ability to walk without pain was a treasure all on its own, not even counting the opportunity to explore and relearn the city.  He picked up milk and a few other things, including a nice piece of fish.  He was glad he hadn’t opted for liver when he arrived at 221B to find Sherlock absorbed in an experiment involving the diseased livers Molly had sent.  After some discussion, John was able to prevail on Sherlock to allow a minimal amount of space in the kitchen for John to prepare supper.
It wasn’t all that bad, he thought. He discovered that he could run his hand up and down the base a bit and that he could get a sort of rhythm going, alternating long, steady sucks with swirling licks.  Sherlock’s hands were in his hair, tensing and relaxing like the paws of a giant cat, which felt rather nice until John realized that Sherlock was trying not to pull but
Uilleam an t-Moireach’s clan was happy to see him again and pleased to host his comrades in arms.  They gained much laughter from the tale of young Wigginsky, who had not only had his life saved by the tsarevich but had even got to
The forest stretched beneath them like vast green sea whose waves were the tossing of branches in the wind.  At the height at which they flew, the wind was cold and cutting, but Ivan felt warm enough in his surcoat and safe with Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him.  Indeed, there was something familiar about the strange situation, although he could not quite place it.  It was difficult to think, between the excitement of the flight itself and the sensation of being held close and tight against Sherlock’s body, feeling the taut muscles move beneath the feathers.
Ivan grabbed the ring and, for good measure, the black feather.  He hung the ring around his neck and placed all three feathers – black, gold and blue – in the case with Sherlock’s heart, then closed it.  But... go where?
, by Maurice Ravel.”
Sherlock stopped dead.  “I thought you said the officer got hold of it?”
John frowned, not understanding.
“Shopping.”
“Of course not. The hives would have to go on the roof. Hmmm, we’ll need to modify the roof for easier access. I’m sure Mrs Hudson won’t mind provided we give her some of the honey.”
kept in the Tower of London, in a vault guarded day and night.  The vault was locked with a specially designed combination lock that would fuse shut if the wrong combination was entered.  The combination was handed down through the royal family, and only three people knew it at any time.  The last three known holders were James VII and His Majesty’s two younger brothers, the Dukes of Norfolk and Clarence.”
John blinked, doubly surprised by the question and the luscious baritone voice.
“Lestrade, where was the body
Sherlock shrugged. “Mrs Hudson might not let you leave again so easily.”
The man’s clothes, stored separately in a plastic bag, smelled of the alley where the body had been found. Despite the stench, Sherlock examined them closely – jacket, shirt, trousers.  The sleeves of the jacket were peppered with small cuts and the remains of the splinters Molly had mentioned.  The shirt and trousers bore various stains.
John felt as if he’d been punched in the gut. He distantly heard the carrier bags with the containers of leftovers hit the floor.
nowadays, is it?”
Ivan blinked.  “Not to be offensive, but – Marfa Hudovna Pekarnskaya isn’t your real name, is it?”
was the one who showed
“There’s one more thing we need to talk about – and not in public,” John explained as they walked deeper into the park.
“And no armour!  You expect me to take on a contingent of armoured guards by myself.”
“The oddest thing happened today at the clinic,” Mary mentioned one evening over spag bol. “A fellow I didn’t recognize dropped off a handwritten note from David.”
Sherlock shrugged.  “I tested you because I trust Marfa Hudovna.  I
“You’d know it as St Bart’s, but the Committee aren’t keen on saints.”
“You’ve got a small smear of jam on your shirt. It’s not the kind you usually buy...”
“Yeah, I know.  I got fat!”
Which made sense. Sherlock Holmes of all people had no use for idiots.
John didn’t hesitate.  They ran down the alley, which led to a flight of stairs, with Sherlock giving instructions all the way.  “Down the stairs, turn left, 80 metres on, knock the sand off your shoes and go back up.  Get home as quick as you can.”
“Yeah. Yeah, right,” John answered. Distantly he was aware of Lestrade and Mrs Hudson talking, Lestrade leaving, Mrs Hudson offering him a cuppa.
certainly seems to have forgiven me.  Of course, he also wants me to teach him how to do it himself.”
hard, what with my hip and all.  While you’re here, do you think you might do something about the firewood?”
asking.”
The simmering anger that underlay John’s calm began to rise.  “She was carrying
He rode mainly west but whenever a choice of westward roads presented itself, he chose the road tending north.  Thus he came eventually to the stone bridge that spanned the river running down from the mountains and crossed it to enter the haunted forest beyond.  Ivan looked neither to the left nor to the right, but spurred his horse forward along the forest track, his heart beating hard.
“John Watson... Oh, hi, Steve!... Sorry, she what?... No, she didn’t... I see... Okay, right. Yes. Fine... I’ll take care of it... Yes, I understand. Ah, by the end of next week?... Great. Thanks, Steve.”
know, Tyler, in your own words,” Lestrade said firmly.  “You and your granduncle left his flat Tuesday evening.  Do you remember the approximate time?”
Just as the first rays of the sun came over the horizon, the shimmering abruptly ceased.  Before Ivan stood a tall, slender man, finely made, his pale skin translucent in the light of the new day.  His face and hands, his silver grey eyes, were entirely familiar.  Ivan had guessed correctly about the black curls.
No time to waste then.  Ivan climbed up upon the wall.  The ground was far below, and oh, by all that was holy, he did
John frowned. “Who made the call?  Myocardial infarctions are rarely instantaneous.  If he was able to call himself in and if the paramedics got here within the average response time, he should still have been alive.”
Sherlock stirred at that, but remained silent.  The question echoed throughout the hall, but the echoes died away unanswered.  Perhaps Sherlock had no answer.  Ivan stared across the pool at the creature and thought, my sword lies two feet behind me.
There was, however, a means of escape from his uncle’s wishes, a means of escape that was available to any physically fit, mentally sound lad who had at least 18 years.
Left to himself to work the problem out, John did so and smiled. A brand new, high quality parka would draw the wrong kind of attention to a homeless man. A parka with visible signs of wear, much less so. And a cast-off – “Here, my brother gave me this, give it to someone else if you don’t want it” – might be easier to accept than an overly extravagant gift.
“You’re a member of this Committee that everyone keeps talking about, aren’t you?”
Ivan was suddenly furious, all the more so because he himself wasn’t sure of his reasons for returning, at least not to put into words.  He’d only known that he
With that he walked away, leaving John to sputter, “I’m not his date!”
“Really,” Sherlock drawled. “Did you ask Lestrade to post more guards?”
“About 10:30, 10:40? Sherlock had said that the meeting was at eleven, but I remember thinking that the client had shown up early.”
... and his role in discovering and destroying a smuggling ring that had infiltrated a monastery.
“...and I ended up back at the castle gates.  The guards spotted me and gave cry and then – something happened.  Something...”  Andreyev looked vaguely distressed.  Tyuleneva, sitting at his side, put her arm around his shoulders.  “I don’t remember.  It was a long time ago.”
birthday.  The entire bonding process... puzzled me.  I had been asking questions.  The papers were my parents’ response.”
So he had. Eventually.
“As much so as Scott is now,” replied Sherlock.
“I could come over there, take that tea back and drink it myself.”
She laughed, a sharp, abrasive sound. “Interesting
“Pretty intensely for a few years. Then there was a sort of... hiatus.” John took a sip of wine, swallowed too quickly and coughed. “But I’m getting back into it now.”
John let go of Sherlock and sat bolt upright.
“JOHN!” Sherlock screamed and came, his muscles grasping John’s cock deep inside him, and then John was coming too.
“That’s the John Watson I remember!”  Mike grinned.  “Nothing keeps you down!  But you haven’t been assigned anywhere particular in London yet?”
will leave the UK after the child is born and never return. Mycroft’s granting you sanctuary in this flat for my sake.
Sherlock frowned. “We already match.”
“Shall we, John?”
“I never eat during a case.  Eating slows me down.”
with a betologist for a case?” Mary wiped up some egg yolk with a bit toast as she continued. “Maybe suggest that the betologist use him as a hypothetical example to answer the questions he’s asking? He’d still have to buy black-market hormones, but there are ways to test for quality and at least he’d have professional advice on how to use them.” She popped the toast in her mouth.
you.”
“Unlikely.  The hilt’s too plain to suit the taste of the sort of rich dandy who’d be fool enough to wager a sword like that...”
John squinted at the paper.  “Is this forged?”
for this, Ivan Watovich.”
“Got your old phone with you?”
“I... I thought of that.  It wasn’t the only thing I was thinking of, but that was one of the things.  It was... confusing.  Complicated, like.”
By the time they reached the Yard, both Caustlins had calmed down somewhat. Lestrade got them all settled in what he carefully did not refer to as an interrogation room, made a feeble joke about the coffee at the Yard being worse than that at St Bart’s and then turned to Tyler Caustlin.
“Sherlock...” John growled, but Mary cleared her throat. When John looked at her, she was very pale.
“Currently. Before that I was a trauma surgeon in the RAMC.”
“You already know where the bedroom is.”
.  And once we know what causes wristbands to change colour, we can
“No, you didn’t.  You asked about my deductions and then said they were amazing.  I kept trying to remind you, I quoted your exact words back at you and you kept on
“I wasn’t trying all that hard,” snapped Sherlock.
“I over-reacted.”
” – glaring at Mycroft – “were going to send him off to be killed.  Except she triggered the Moriarty broadcast, so you decided you still had a use for him after all.  She’s like the little girl on the plane.”
“Down a sewer grate, as you heard.  It would take more competency than New Scotland Yard has ever yet displayed to think of checking the sewer drains in the vicinity of the crime scene.”
“You had an urgent need for your dress uniform. Right. I take it back, John,” Mary snarled. “You’re not honest at all. You’re a coward who didn’t even have the guts to tell me you were moving out.”
“Why bother telling him?” drawled Sherlock.  “The knowledge didn’t help the others.”
Sherlock frowned.  “’One shorter than the other.’  Not a very precise description.”
“Three days’ ride,” said Sara.
the arsehole who killed my Angie, you hear?”
“That was part of it.  Driver, we’ll get out here.”
Ivan selected the black feather, but when he would have handed it to Sherlock, Sherlock shook his head.  “I said that
“Nasty stuff, shock,” John agreed.  It occurred to him that more tea would be helpful.
“What alternative are you suggesting?” growled John. “Because if it’s that I should go out and ‘pick up’ a beta ‘in a club’ – and thanks ever so much for that characterization, Sherlock – then you can...”
“Sherlock has a laboratory?”
“My anus was still stinging from the cayenne paste you gave me to apply, and the dried semen all over my arse
Victor, thought Ivan.  He turned to Sherlock to – to say something, he wasn’t sure what.  To offer condolences?  Ask questions?  But Sherlock was already striding towards the table, sweeping scrolls to the floor to clear a space, snapping his fingers for the case Ivan carried.
“Oh, no, please proceed.  As I said, I’m amused.”
John nodded.  “Just transferred in.  And about to be transferred right out again, if he doesn’t shape up.”
And how had this come about? His parents had been married for decades.  John
Sherlock tensed hard enough to break bones, yelled a single syllable against John’s skin and came, his semen splattering John’s hand and his own stomach.
As John sat on the sofa with takeout cartons for company, watching Sherlock assiduously scribble notes on beekeeping technique every time the film touched on this topic, he reflected that he might have chosen the film
faster, but I’ll do the best I can.”
Which was at least better than having it sitting in the bin, although the ethics of using a teenager to deliver body parts was debatable.  John opened the refrigerator and discovered it to be almost completely empty except for a plastic container.  He picked up the container just as Sherlock added, “She sent back a pair of diseased livers.”
“No.  Once Mycroft provided the information, the troops had no more use for Rudy.  They shot him on the spot.  You could
stomach. They were going to come like this, like teenagers making out on the sofa, but neither of them were teenagers and Sherlock deserved better. John summoned all his strength and pushed Sherlock away.
“It could be.”  The tone was a bit ominous.
see that?”
John winced.
“I’m sure that if we waste time dithering we will both
“That’s right. John, what do you know about urban beekeeping?”
“Sherlock? It’s John,” said John softly.
Sod the sheets, he needed to be alone. He limped up the stairs to his old room, kit bag in hand, the sound of Mrs Hudson giving Sherlock a piece of her mind clearly audible behind him.  There was no rumbled baritone response, so Sherlock was apparently ignoring her.
“Maybe. And then there’s Marilyn Monroe. I still dunno if that’s related or a red herring.”
“But for this man, I’d have gone to prison.”
Or was Mrs Hudson, as John might put it, “having him on”?
This time Sherlock’s preen was a little more blatant.
Ivan dressed carefully.  He poured Harrieta’s jewels out of their case onto a piece of cloth, wrapped them up and tucked this smaller bundle inside his shirt.  Then he pulled on his leather surcoat, belted his sword on over it and picked up his walking stick.
“I was walking across campus one evening and noticed a sharp pain in my ankle. When I looked down, there was a miniature bull terrier attached to it.  I was still trying to pry the dog loose when its owner appeared, offering more apologies than assistance.  I pointed out the obvious: that he was an only child, that his parents’ wealth was self-made in manufacturing, that he was the first member of his family to attend university, that he was only there because if he’d refused to go, they would have thrown him out of their home, that although moderately intelligent he was failing all his courses because he didn’t give a damn and that it didn’t matter anyway because his future career in his parents’ company had already been laid out for him.  Also that it he continued to snort cocaine in his usual amounts, his nasal septum would eventually perforate and that he’d be better off injecting the drug.”
“True.  I met Phelps at the pub...”
“Want your own bed to yourselves again? Yeah, I remember that feeling.” Lestrade chuckled. “If you don’t mind my asking, how are you handling nursing?”
“I know. Thanks, Greg.”
“What?”
John tried again.  “If you’d just listen a moment...”
“You’re repeating yourself.”
“Trauma surgeon, before the accident.”
“Only if you know what to steal and to whom to sell it, and only if the buyers know you well enough to trust you. Tyler,” Sherlock waited until the teen was looking at him, “You never want people in the illicit drug trade to know you that well.  Also, you should be aware that payment is often made not in cash but in kind.”
Sherlock smiled like a shark, all teeth, and extended a hand that David took with obvious reluctance.
“Thanks for letting me know about the noise,” said Mary dryly.
When Ivan entered the house, he immediately noticed a pungent, metallic odor.  It seemed to be coming from a door to one side of the kitchen that he’d previously thought led to a storage room.
Sherlock blinked. John could almost
“If you’re asleep, who’s going to stop me?”
me, you mean. You said it yourself – he had no idea.”
“That’s fine, dear, but if you’re not eating, will you at least come in and check whatever you’ve got going on in your laboratory?  There’s a very odd smell coming out of it.”
” Sherlock hissed before strolling down the length of the Leinster Gardens facade, turning the lights off at John’s end of the corridor and slipping out the door to the street, the door slightly ajar behind him. He’d left John to wait alone, the bastard.
Sherlock frowned and sat up, drawing in his errant limbs.  John found he missed their weight.
Weasel started checking the file he carried.
Mary nodded. “Besides, can you see Sherlock with children?”
be fine.”  Stevens straightened up and looked John in the eye.  “
is standing right here, thought John.
“The police will have missed everything of importance.  Come along.  The game’s afoot!”
to tell Mary that Janine was seeing
Where had the tightness in John’s throat come from?
“New stories?” prodded Lestrade.
and I were having a lie-in when you interrupted.  If your pet thugs would care to stop disarranging my personal papers and have a look at our bed, they’ll find that the sheets are still warm and the pillows bear strands of both our hair.”
“I never guess,” Sherlock replied haughtily.  “I observe.”
John had to chuckle at Sherlock’s appalled face. “Anderson’s got friends, all of whom are far more enthusiastic about spotting you
“Please.  If you were the type of man to spend money replacing a perfectly good cane, you wouldn’t be wearing those clothes.”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “The sheets will still smell like Mary. We can swap the beds tomorrow. Tonight, hmmm” – he nuzzled John’s neck – “there are other things I’d rather be doing.”
John released a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding.  “The morning after our wedding.”
Sherlock?”
“Not quite,” Sherlock replied. “New Scotland Yard arrested the grandnephew on charges of criminal damage.  The boy was released on bail to his mother just before I called you.  Due to the hour, DI Lestrade put off processing the paperwork until tomorrow morning.  However...”
“Let’s try it this way. We can change if you don’t like it. There, right, like that, lean back against me.”
“In the barn, dear.”  Her reply was so matter-of-fact that Ivan was briefly flummoxed.
“Phelps?”
“I assure you,” Sherlock said haughtily, “My disguise will be impenetrable.”  After which he swooped back up to his perch and appeared to sulk.  He at least took the pastry with him, so Ivan didn’t count the conversation as a total loss.
“What’s her name?”
for you first.”
Oddly enough, Sherlock turned slightly pink before turning away and continuing his previous one-sided conversation. “Helen Campbell-Williams specialized in the study of quantum entanglement.”
disappointed.  After not having visited in so very long, I would have hoped Sherlock would try to make it up to me with a really nice gift, something intriguing and unexpected.  A shopworn princeling armed with nothing more than a sharp sword and a hedge witch’s trinkets hardly qualifies.”
taking the threats to our safety seriously.”
Sherlock ignored both the debris and Lestrade’s attempt at introductions, instead making a beeline for the red-scrawled whiteboard.
“Do you know what the characters mean?” asked Ivan, watching the black-feathered head bent over the stick.
By now several of the men were laughing so hard they had to hold on to each other’s shoulders.
“All right, I remember some of this from my pre-medical biology courses,” said John. “But I’m surprised you haven’t deleted it. It doesn’t seem to have much relevance to human crimes.”
“I’m a physician.  Let me help.”
Thudthudthudthud.
“Mary,” warned John.
John complied, his cock bobbing forward to brush, oh, Sherlock’s stomach. It wasn’t that John had never done this before. He had – but he knew that Sherlock
The inside of the lid was engraved with the former royal coat of arms.
“Sherlock?”
about the boxes in my room.”
Silence descended on the kitchen. Finally John broke it. “I’m putting the kettle on. Who wants tea?”
Caustlin shook her head to indicate “no” and then took a large sip of the coffee her son had doctored for her – no sugar, just a touch of milk.
The adults around the table frowned. “I would think,” said Sherlock, “the subject would have exacerbated his emotional state.”
John threw back the tea – a shame, really, as it was both perfectly made and still warm – and followed Sherlock out the door, banana in hand.
“Four years ago I would have.”
And then he did hear something.  A man’s voice.  His father’s... no, wait, Misha Kamen’brodsky?  Ivan could almost make out the words, not quite, but it was definitely Misha – and then it was Uilleam an t-Moireach, speaking in his own tongue, which was why Ivan could not understand, that made sense, right?
Sticking with his cover story seemed rather hopeless by this point, but Ivan decided to give it a go anyway.  “I’m looking to marry and settle down.”
Campbell-Williams looked surprised. “You’ve read it?”
happy too? I haven’t checked.”
Mary didn’t find the joke as funny as John had hoped. “Of course. Speaking of the wedding party, are you sure about not inviting your sister? Especially where all your parents are deceased...”
“I should go,” said Sherlock, but he made no move to do so.
“Hmmm, not sure. There’s no traces of blood or serum, but those could have been wiped away. Wait a moment, where’s the
He spread his bedroll and supped on bread and cheese that Misha had given him for the road, washed down with a skin of kvass.  He didn’t fear to sleep, for his habit was to sleep lightly.  He knew that Bezimyan would whicker and wake him at the first scent of an intruder.  So he laid his sheathed sword alongside his bedroll, then lay back and began to count the stars until sleep should claim him.
“Mycroft was already grown and Sherlock an adolescent by the time I married and left the household.  Their mother gave me a generous marriage gift.  With the money I’d already saved up over the years, it was enough to purchase a house on Baker Street.  You would say, ulitsa Pekarnaya.”
Lestrade, who hadn’t missed anything, caught John’s eye and winked even as he gave instructions to the rest of his team.
“He’s agreed to carry my child. I’m going to marry him as soon as I can –
“And then been double-crossed by Mary for his pains.”
“She hardly needed my assistance at all.”
“Of course.
“The PA and the guard weren’t in the flat, they were in the office below. Both had received blows to the head. The guard was dead, the PA unconscious. I’m here to try and get a statement from her before the hospital releases her. The guard was an ex-con with links to white supremacist groups, so we’re following up on those.”
Sherlock,
After this Sherlock seemed to lapse into a sort of reverie that lasted until they arrived at the former St Bart’s.  Then he sprang from the car, leaving John to pay the driver as before.  It occurred to John that he really needed to get hold of some British currency so that he could save his Canadian dollars for true emergencies.
John shrugged. “I probably did, but there’s not a lot doctors can
He waited.
“Aren’t whales and dolphins supposed to be intelligent? And does anyone want dessert?” asked Mary, pushing herself up to her feet.
Sherlock’s pouch slit was nothing like the flat brown line John had had as a child. After John had presented as an alpha, the line had gradually faded throughout puberty, eventually becoming a barely visible horizontal trace on his stomach.
“Greg, even six days after the event, lacerations such as those we saw on Donald McKinsey’s hands would leave some traces. Tyler doesn’t have any, and I’m prepared to state that in court as a doctor.”
John was just pulling out his phone when he heard the front open. Damn, Mary was early! He glanced at the time display. Uh, no, she wasn’t. He’d lost track of time.
brought home groceries.  He and Mary used to do that all the time.
be because my officers reported a disturbance at the pawnshop last night, which is why I was asked to check out the area at a time I’m more usually having my first cuppa!”
“Your
“...going home again...”
“The money – what’s it in exchange for”
“Actually, although the land-bound species are limited almost entirely to Australia, bats, pinnipeds and cetaceans are found worldwide.”
“Do you know if it would it be possible to get access to all such forms signed in the mid-1970s? Say, from 1973 to 1977?”
“I’ve already applied for a job.”
“The school’s got a rule against playing poker, so I’d’ve got in trouble too. I thought if I could just get the money...”
“Where Wentworth had quite the tête-à-tête with Jack Curran,” Sherlock finished.
“Because my child may not be able to have three parents, but it deserves at a least two – and a stable home.”
“This man got me off a murder charge,” interrupted Angelo.
They stared at each other until it finally occurred to Ivan to pull his shirt down.  He pulled his surcoat back into place, got to his feet and helped Sara to hers.  Then he paused, torn.  He didn’t like to abandon Sara and the other slaves, but Sherlock...
“Like that’s any of my concern?”
“Ah, no.  There was a chance he’d recognize my phone number.”
“Thanks, doc!”  Billy brushed at his shoulder, pointedly
And I, thought John Watson, watching his wife’s anguished face, am no dummy.
John remembered all right. “The berk who thought it was fun to turn the bomb
“That was deeper in a different way, more about a sort of... exclusive emotional commitment.  If I ever met a man for whom I felt the same level of emotional commitment
Lestrade almost spit out his coffee.
After the rich meal, walking home seemed like the thing to do. The two of them fell into step as they strolled along the streets. Patches of darkness that alternated with patches of light cast by streetlamps and shop windows.
“Why...” Sherlock glanced in the direction of the telly. “Oh, that.  Boring.”
Sherlock huffed but handed over John’s phone and went to get his own, starting to explain the case as he did so.
John himself had eaten quite well and slept the sleep of the satiated for almost all of the train journey home.
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of himself, the tips just below his chin. “When I was... away, I often feared that I would not survive. The emotion wasn’t useful, it didn’t affect my actions or goals, but... it was there.”
be there,” John assured her. And so would Sherlock. His beloved and his best friend.
Sherlock wasn’t interested in children, sex or even, as far as John could tell, a bit of a cuddle from time to time. That was a stickier bit to get over.
“A fluke. The killer had no reason to remove the victim’s shoes and never knew about it. It took your forensics techs to spot the tattoo, jump to conclusions, pull the right shoe off and then mistake a mangled toe for an amputated one.”
Harry looked good, although tired. She’d had her hair touched up recently, a sort of pinkish colour that John thought was meant to be strawberry blonde.  It might have seemed less incongruous if she’d been smiling.
“No, he agreed with ‘em! He’d start going on about how scientists don’t really know how bonds work and they don’t know what they’re doing and how people don’t know what goes on in labs.  He’d get more and more riled up.  And then he’d stomp away from the telly and head for his computer, and he’d be working at the computer and muttering to himself.  It seemed like every time it happened, he took longer to calm down.”
John had just broken into a crime scene.  Someone, probably a
flames.  This fire would hurt him, burn him.  It
The criminal holiday persisted for more than a week. John binned the feet (three right, two left, none from the same body) when the refrigerator began to smell.  Sherlock sulked, vanished and reappeared two days later with a dead crocodile.  He carried it into his bedroom and slammed the door behind him.  The crocodile had already been mummified, so John decided not to argue.
the work.” Sherlock made a show of fluttering his eyelashes.
you inside me! I’ll shove you back against the bed and straddle you and I’ll be so
“I’m fine.”
“Hell, Sherlock, why didn’t you break away from him and yell while you were still in the pub?”
“Preston.  Decourcey, Downs, Eldridge...”
John choked on his tea.
Ivan dismounted and led the gelding – which he had taken to calling Bezimyan – to the side of the road, leaning on him for balance.  “I might, friend, for I cannot tell which road is the main one.”
And then more sternly, “Sit down.”
“Like Sherlock,” said John with a grin.
, Sherlock, you won’t refuse me, you’ll be too busy begging for more.”
“A gift from Their Majesties, given in appreciation to the royal jeweller.”
Sherlock slid closer around the table and tilted his head towards John’s, as if in intimate conversation. John could feel the slight puff of breath against his cheek as Sherlock spoke.  “String of burglaries, all from photography supply shops.  The last one went slightly awry.  The shop’s owner walked in while the job was in progress.  There was a scuffle and the thief fled, but not before the owner got a good look at him.”
“Dexter, I’m sorry. Everything Janine alleged is true.”
Sherlook was scribbling a few more characters of what was beginning to look like a chemical equation. John glanced at Tyler.  The youth was watching the detective’s every move.  John looked back at Sherlock’s writing, trying to place the characters, the equation, written in red marker on a whiteboard...  Oh.  He looked at Lestrade and found Lestrade looking back at him.  The inspector shifted his gaze towards the whiteboard, then back to John.  He raised a questioning brow.  John nodded.
At which point Ivan finally lost control of the laughter bubbling up within him.  When he caught Sherlock staring at him, he laughed all the harder, until finally Sherlock started to laugh as well.
Mrs Hudson knew the things that needed to be said and said them. Such a shock.  So sad.  So soon after.  And then, after a delicate pause, did John think things might have been different?
“What security... Oh, the one found dead in Magnussen’s office?”
The assistants were trying to urge the designated passengers towards the bus.
“Fascinating. How long have you been doing that?”
“Oh, yeah, you probably haven’t heard of it. It’s a huge convention held every year in Belgium. I met this couple there. They seemed nice enough but at the time, I was seeing Janine and, y’know, Sherlock, so I didn’t think anything of it. But I ran into them again recently, it turns out they live near London and, well, I’m
“We’re invading...”
John frowned as he tried to recall his history classes from school.  “I thought that was Wat Tyler?”
“Yeah, you should. Otherwise I’ll just imagine something worse.”
Molly bit her lip.  “Did he really say that?  About my work?  Or were you just making it up so I’d feel better?”
“For some people, yes.  For you?  Time will tell.  Speaking of time, it’s late, so you should stay the night.  But, ah, I’m a woman alone, and the neighbours gossip, so, ah, if you wouldn’t mind...”
Now Sherlock looked puzzled. “John heard it when he took me to hear Vadim Repin perform with the LSO two days ago. Your forensics team failed to note that the victim has had his left little toe amputated.”
In the ensuing melee, Sherlock discovered that George was indeed easier to throw than Mary. The problem turned out to be keeping him down once he hit the floor. By the time John had disabled Minnie, George was sitting on top of Sherlock with his hands around Sherlock’s throat. John had hoped that the sound of gunfire might cause the neighbours to call the police. He hadn’t quite counted on having the police burst in just in time to see him clock George with Minnie’s gun.
“You don’t have to stop. It sounded pretty good.” Lestrade considered John. “And you’re looking fairly chipper, too.”
Billy’s gaze dropped.  “Uh, there’s this girl, from school...”
birthmother’s name?”
sake, tell me if you want me to stop, because I will.  But we’re doing this my way.”
Christ. If Mrs Hudson hadn’t heard that, she needed a hearing test.
The confusion morphed into amusement, but John couldn’t tell if it was real or a defense mechanism.
“Custody?” exclaimed Miranda Caustlin. “You’re not arresting...”
“Couldn’t get the arm past the Yarders,” replied Sherlock matter-of-factly. “Left-handed, fairly skilled, access to professional equipment and currently operating in London. Any ideas?”
“After,” replied Sherlock, “But not for the reason you’re thinking, especially given John’s societally-endorsed obsession with colour change. I interrupted her at work when we unintentionally went after the same target.”
“But look, having gone to all this trouble to get away with the murders, why would the killer contact you and give himself away?”
“Don’t think I can’t do it, shoulder injury and all,” continued John.
“Of course, but the forgery’s quite high quality.  The dealer guarantees them.”
“A field of ripe rye needs to be harvested, dear, whether it’s for a test or not.  You came along while Misha was working, and he recognized you.”
This man was his. This beautiful, brilliant man was
“Ah, Sherlock?” said John. “It’s Boxing Day. The betologist’s office will be closed.”
“Yes.  Wants to meet me for dinner.  Talk about old times, he says.  The last time we spoke was that tiff almost two years ago, and now this.  Something’s up, I just don’t know
“I knew that the results would have to be tested. Since I was working undercover, as it were, my access to subjects was limited to two laboratory rats borrowed from the university’s cages.  I chose two with easily identifiable markings so that I could release them back into the cages for the day and then retrieve them again.”
“Usacheva?” Ivan blurted.  “Sara Dmitrievna?  She’s alive?”
, because for five years Sherlock had not been a factor.  And yet here John was, drawn back into Sherlock’s orbit
John doggedly carried on. “You know what?  It doesn’t matter.  You can’t just have people’s things moved...”
But Sherlock would always choose John, and John would always choose Sherlock.
moment,
Mycroft rescued you, thought John, and neither of you will ever admit it. “And did you find it?”
“We only had the one, a son.  Eighteen when the Revolution came.  Were you in London then?”
Then Sherlock offered him a way through, a way to deal. In this flat, in this room, here and now, Mary was not his wife. She wasn’t the woman who’d lied to him since the day they met.
Alas, neither item was to be found, and once the forensics team arrived, Sherlock rapidly became irritated and claimed not to be able to think. “This is a waste of time.  John and I are going to St Bart’s to look at the body.”
A nearby police siren broke the moment. The two men separated and began to walk again. Something occurred to John.
enjoyed the trial run would cause John to refuse to allow Sherlock to reciprocate.  Ever.  He had adopted the stance that since John was a novice, his learning experience should start with a demonstration provided by, of course, Sherlock.
John, who’d been more or less expecting the question, drew in a breath.  Let it out.  “If Gloria had lived, you mean?”
“I’ve had enough of nurses, thanks.”  John kept his tone dry and couldn’t help feeling meanly pleased when the realization of what Bill had said played out across Bill’s face.  But then he felt ashamed.  Bill was a good guy.  He’d been with John from the very start of this.
Finally, Ivan described his father’s desperation that one of his children should marry and carry on the family name.  It was quite the moving account, if he said so himself.
Ivan called out for help, to Misha, to Harrieta, to his horse, but the only answer came from the flames themselves.  He could almost but never quite make out words in their crackling and hissing.  He took a step closer, trying to catch what they were saying, then realized what he was doing and stepped back.  But when he stepped back the fire followed.  It came up behind him, as unexpectedly as Harrieta, and then he was surrounded, the flames licking at his bare feet.
John’s phone eventually gave up the ghost entirely, forcing him to venture out with the goal of buying a new one. He was promptly confronted with a bewildering array of styles, features and prices. Frustrated and tired of the entire process, he was just about to pick the least expensive one and try to get a salesclerk to notice him when a voice behind him said, “Oh, no, I can’t let you buy that. That would be, well, criminal.”
“Well, he’s got to go somewhere.  He’s not staying with me, I’m due to go off-shift!”
“But nothing, really. I had an appointment with a tattoo artist this morning.”
. Flushed and dark-eyed, his lips wet and slightly swollen.
“Why does, ah, Mur-kheyar-tikh?” – Sherlock winced – “the sorcerer keep slaves to dance for him?”
should know that, John,” Sherlock had commented.
“Ms Caustlin,” said Lestrade, “Thank you for coming down. I know this is...”
Lestrade met Sherlock midway. “Find anything?”
“Ah. Uh, congratulations?”
were not using contraceptives,
“Doctor?” John turned to see that Miranda had approached at him.  “Thank you for being willing to testify on Tyler’s behalf.  We appreciate it.”
The shopping basket was glaringly devoid of produce, so John added a few apples, the Cox’s Orange Pippins that he himself liked and the Bramleys that Sherlock ate raw just to be contrary. When had his grocery shopping become all about Sherlock’s tastes?
“Yoo-hoo! Boys?  You’ve got a visitor.  Are you dec – oh, dear.”  Mrs Hudson, already opening the door, turned to address someone standing behind her on the landing.  “Perhaps you should wait out here a moment, dear.”  A feminine voice murmured a response they couldn’t make out.
“A long time. Uncle Don explained that Dr Fooko was one of the scientists who worked on bonds and didn’t know what he was doing and that he – Uncle Don, I mean – had some stuff he wanted to explain to him, to the doctor.  Then he kind of dozed off for a bit.  I thought maybe when he woke up, he would have changed his mind or maybe just forgot and we could go home.  But he didn’t.  When we came out, there was no one else around.  We took the lift up.  Uncle Don tried a couple of doors and started to get angry when they were locked, but then he found one that was open.  It was a lab, lots of stuff around, but no people.  That seemed to make Uncle Don angrier, he started talking about people hiding and then he started yelling.  I was... I was scared.”  Tyler said this almost defiantly, as if daring anyone to mock his fear.  No one did.
His point was inarguable. There’d been damn few betas and almost no married betas. Those who established successful careers were generally betas like Mycroft. They used the stereotypically calm beta temperament – supposedly so wonderfully suited towards raising children – to rise above the more tumultuous alphas and omegas around them. “Career betas” were both admired for their dispassionate logic and reviled for their cold-heartedness.
It was at this point that John decided that a day spent away from Sherlock would be an excellent idea.  After finishing his tea and toast, he headed over to the Cromwell to add his new phone number to his job application.  The cheerful female clerk who assisted him commented that there’d been “a lot of activity” concerning the application and then gave him a wink.
Andreyev complained almost continuously but moved along with surprising steadiness.  Tyuleneva kept pace beside him, leaving Ivan, Sara and Svinarnikov to tend to the others.  All of the former captives tired easily, requiring frequent stops to rest and have a bite to eat.  The sack continued to provide bread, apples, cheese, dried meat and the occasional welcome surprise – hot pirozhki one time, jam pastries another.
she knows.”
John ended the call and stared blankly in Sherlock’s direction. “That was my landlord. My ex-landlord, I suppose. Mary’s been gone the past week. She told him we’d separated and that I would be taking charge of clearing the place out so he could rent it to someone else.”
“David wouldn’t be nervous about that,” she said drily.
“No. Sherlock’s birthmum.”
Mary’s jaw clenched and her eyes glistened, but she did not cry. “A child deserves to know who its birthmother is.”
By the time they reached the imperial capital, Ivan had recovered enough to sit a horse for short periods, although his shoulder still pained him and his leg was still lame. He rode at the head of his men into a changed city, where the buildings were draped with mourning black and people muttered together in the streets, making signs to avert evil.
“Finally you stopped trying.” Ivan took care to keep his tone gentle, unaccusing.  Faced with choices that ranged from horrific to worse, Sherlock had focused on destroying the mastermind behind the whole miserable situation.  Could Ivan be sure he himself would have chosen better?  “You hid from them and let them pass on eastwards.  You gave up on regaining your heart.”
“What do you think?”
There was a slight squeak from the whiteboard. Sherlock had scribbled a couple of characters in red marker.  They looked slightly familiar, but John couldn’t place them.  Lestrade and Caustlin looked similarly blank.  But Tyler...  Tyler had finally looked up from the floor, and his eyes were wide.
“We’re not.  We’re breaking in to have a look around.”
“Okay, that was ridiculous,” John gasped.  “That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
question?”
“Really? I didn’t think I was doing so badly that I’d put you off it forever,” John teased.
Puzzled, Ivan turned his head slightly to find a rosefinch perched on his shoulder.  “Oh, that one!  He’s been following me ever since I shared my breakfast with him!”
“And then brought it to me despite my lack of response. I thought you...”  Sherlock bit his lip.  “George said to give you space.”
“Your people have trampled the mud down the centre of the alley like a herd of cattle.  Fortunately last night there was a puddle in the centre.  It’s dried since, but both the killer and the victim were forced to walk along the wall on their way to this room.  Only the killer came back out.”
“With your horribly romantic imagination.” Sherlock was teasing now, and John felt a bit better for it.  They’d be all right.
John ran back up the stairs. Mary was still standing inside the flat, watching at the door. John ignored her as he dialed Lestrade. “Hello, Greg?”
John began to smile – and then realized something that wiped the nascent smile off his face. “That evening at the Landmark. You’d just got back from Serbia.”
Sherlock was out when John got home. Since he was supposedly in the know about the package and its contents, he had no hesitation in tearing it open. It proved to contain... Omega maternity clothes? Loose-waisted trousers, tops that needn’t be tucked in, all in strong or dark colours or shades of white.
“Well, he wouldn’t talk about anything else. I thought maybe he used to work in a lab?”
“He followed you here for the sole purpose of helping you gain what you were after.  You ran away and left him behind, calling your name.
“Do you see the camera, Dr Watson?”
Sherlock smirked.  “No,
“I see.”  He glanced over at Sherlock’s bowed head.  “The tests – the field of rye, the well, the pile of wood – I take it that these were your idea then?”  Out of the corner of his eye, Ivan saw Sherlock look up suddenly, an indignant expression on his face.
“Good luck,” said Lestrade as John stood up.
In the end, however, there was nothing to indicate that the man, who looked to be in his late sixties, had died of any cause other than the obvious myocardial infarction.
“Don’t want her hurt... Won’t be...  Keep her nice and safe...  Our cut...  Georgie’s cut...  Your slate wiped,” recited the tech.
Did Sherlock really expect...?  Apparently, yes.  John extracted the torch from the indicated pocket, turned it on and held it steady as Sherlock picked the lock.  Inside...
“No, what possessed you to break into a foreign military installation
(“Men never pay attention to waiters when they’re nervous.
“Well, I’ve, er, never done any housebreaking before.”  John felt mildly uncomfortable when Sherlock said nothing but continued to study John across the table.  Trying for a mild joke, John added, “Maybe you’d be better off taking Angelo.  He has experience.”
owner of the corpse at our feet was reported missing.  Then he handed me the envelope, told me it was for you and left.  Look, I think he might have the right idea.  Not just about the quiet.  This flat...  John, it’s getting to be a bit of tip.”
“...all the while loudly proclaiming that Mycroft was trying to force us to attend Christmas dinner at your parents’.”
“Fair enough,” said Misha.
John was suddenly wide awake.
“Before he pisses off the entire staff?” John asked sarcastically.
“I’d been lacking someone to stand with me against the world.”
“Sherlock...” he began.
“Magnussen? He’s dead, Sherlock.”
“My brother approves of you,” Sherlock said drily.
John stared at her. Did she think he and Sherlock had been sharing nothing more than a bed? “Yes, of course. His back and, well... He and I...”
John slammed down the paper, but neither Sherlock nor Dexter was looking at him. Both men were on their feet. They stared at each other as tea dripped from the overturned mug onto the floor.
“Donald McKinsey was only a few years older than I. Over the course of the research project, we became, to some degree, close.  I am not sure I would say close
“It’s neither. It’s simply what our child deserves to know, once it’s old enough.”
“That the entire relationship was a ruse to break into her boss’ office. I imagine she would have wanted to stop seeing me at that point and that she would have told Dexter as well.” Sherlock shrugged. “As it turned out, I didn’t need to tell her anything. Someone knocked her unconscious first.”
“I called 999. The lady kept telling me to stay on the phone, that help was coming.  She asked me if I knew how to do compresses, but I didn’t and she said it was more important to stay on the phone anyway.  Uncle Don...  He was panting and grabbing at his chest and sweat was just
“The pool?”
“East, north, bridge, don’t stop.  Got it.”
“And what did you say?”
“There’s lots of stuff in the papers. As far as I could tell, he was behaving fairly normally.”
“Indeed. Her questions and demands were interminable.  When I could finally get away, I ran to Victor’s room.  He...”  And here Sherlock stopped, with a look on his face such as John had never seen.
Caustlin might want to “get this over with.”  And then go home and have a good cry, probably.
Mary looked up from where she’d been nuzzling John’s sweaty neck. “Of course I do. He’s not only my husband’s best friend, he’s also intelligent and never dull, plus he’s easy on the eyes. Mind, he hasn’t the first idea as to how human beings tick emotionally, but no one’s perfect.”
“A little of both, then. Lestrade’s going to set a guard outside your room in case the person who shot you makes another try.”
“Never.
Sherlock looked him straight in the eye.  “What do you think?  You’re carrying my heart.
off, and so are you, and then I’m going to take you to bed...”
to return.  To finally arrive and then have Sherlock so completely misunderstand was unbearable.
“Neither did Sherlock – until he got personally involved in the process of reproduction,” Mary teased. And then when Sherlock glared at her, “For which I am extremely grateful, Sherlock. I know this isn’t... what you’d planned.”
John, who’d always sort of assumed that Sherlock had supported himself on the streets by doing sex-work, felt his face heating. Trying to cover his embarrassment, he blurted, “That’s why you’re so good at picking pockets.  Not to mention locks, you’re good at those too.”
“The tsar,” replied Ivan solemnly, “is seven feet tall in his stocking feet.”
“I thought there might be security guards, so I was trying to get Uncle Don to be quiet and I was trying to get him to
Their eyes met.
. Just him, his gorgeous husband-to-be and
“Mrs Hudson just offered to babysit ‘once in a while,’” he announced after closing the door to the flat.
“I was still planning my escape when Mycroft turned up, claiming there was an underground terrorist network active in London and a massive attack was imminent.”
“Why didn’t your brother appeal to...  Does London have a tsar?  A king?  Who runs your government?”
Sherlock pried himself off the wall. “Ms Caustlin, how did your uncle lose his hand?”
The baggage crew got busy unloading the plane, strewing the passengers’ bags and cases across the tarmac.  After a moment, people started searching about for their belongings.  The assistants came forward and helped, calling out names from luggage tags.  John was quickly able to locate his suitcase and duffel bag, although juggling them with the cane was tricky.
“Not the amputation, the body!”
times? Christ, Sherlock, why didn’t you say something?”
“I’m sorry, I know you and he were... very close,” Sara apologized.  Before Ivan could correct her, she went on.  “But I’d never seen him before he landed almost on top of me, demanding to know where you were.  Then he got angry at me for ‘allowing’ you to ‘run off’ and insisted I help him burn down the keep to make up for it.  He...  He must have cared for you a great deal,” she finished more gently.
“John?” Sherlock murmured into the top of John’s head.
John lobbed a piece of toast (without jam) and yelled, “Sherlock!”
Mary’s smile was faint and rueful. “I guess I deserved that. Thank you. Thank you both. I, I know this is sudden. And not at all easy.”
“Well, there’s a difference between clutter and squalor.” And then, as John continued to stare, “Use the keys, John.  At least think about it.  Even if it’s just for a few nights.”
“The right partner,” replied Sherlock softly, “would indeed help me expand my repertoire. I’ll let you in on something, John.”
John held up a finger. “All I can tell you is that it’s for a case... No, not a police case... That’s right, a private client... No, nothing illegal... If it starts heading in that direction I’ll certainly call you... Absolutely. I understand... Thursday next? Sure thing. I haven’t been out for a pint in ages.”
There were more people about as well.  Their clothes looked as cheap as the cars.  No one seemed to be wearing the drab, ragged clothing that John associated with poverty, but neither was anyone wearing clothing that looked particularly well-cut or well-made.
“But she wasn’t,” murmured Sherlock.
He turned back, puzzled.  “I wasn’t...”
John tossed the phone to Sherlock and went to get his gun and jacket. By the time he returned, Sherlock was slipping the phone into the pocket of the Belstaff.
“I don’t recall thinking about them much before then, either,” retorted Sherlock.  His eyes roamed Ivan’s upper body, settling on the left shoulder.
“Victor Trevor was your friend, possibly your lover.”  Ivan saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, but the creature said nothing, so he continued.  “You asked him to help you retrieve your heart.  The attempt failed, he was captured, you escaped.”
one of these druggies?”
John was hiding behind his newspaper, thinking of going for a walk despite the weather, when Sherlock’s phone rang. Sherlock continued to saw away at his fiddle. A moment later
“No, when...”  Sherlock closed one hand into a circle and moved it up rapidly up and down.
Once John had paid for his new phone, he and Dexter settled in at table in a nearby Costa. Dexter soon had the new phone up and running. John was both admiring and grateful, but Dexter brushed him off.
” Dr Dixon had said.
“I think we’ve established that Victor was an arse sufficiently that we don’t need to discuss him again.”
“Mary!”
“I’m not implying anything,” replied Sherlock as he slipped past Anderson, heading for the basement door.  “But is your tongue sore this morning?”
Sherlock was shaking continuously now. When John’s other hand slipped down along one hip to grasp Sherlock’s weeping cock, the beta cried out and twisted, burying his face against John’s neck, seeking John’s scent. John could smell them both now, sun-warmed autumn mixed with musk and gun steel. His own cock was trapped between his and Sherlock’s bodies. Every move Sherlock made was a not-quite-painful tease that John fought to ignore so that he could focus on Sherlock’s pleasure.
dye.  Most observers would focus on the ginger hair and pay less attention to other, more subtle identifying characteristics.
The creature paused.  “Details,” it demanded.  “Don’t omit anything.”
Sherlock arrived at St Bart’s morgue shortly after John, pristine, with slightly damp curls, looking... very nice. Lestrade was waiting for both of them while Molly hovered nervously in the background.
“...the point.”
, well, Mycroft
“Go on, then.”
John hadn’t asked Harry anything. He’d snuck into her room and helped himself to the magazines she kept stashed underneath her mattress.  There’d been hell to pay when she caught him.
his mouth.
“Now draw the point of shaft down the skin in a vertical line, pressing firmly.”
different from his uni days.
“Assuming they chose to have children.”
“Which was?”
“But not about the piracy. She... didn’t know enough about me to ask.”
John sighed and reached for his drink. This was definitely beginning to look like a lost cause.
“Insurance, to keep her from shooting you.”
Finally John said, “Sherlock?”
“Er, the day after tomorrow? The 27
The man’s laugh was brief.  “You’re very loyal, very quickly.”
“Sherlock, wait!”
“It’s common for sorcerers of Muircheartaigh’s type...”
It was only when the paramedics lifted Sherlock’s stretcher and John prepared to follow them that he realized that at some point, Mary had left.
his being a complete dickhead, not because of it.”
Mortified, John blurted, “Christ, all I asked for was something more special than a candle! I’m sorry, I’ll ask Angelo to...” It was only then that he caught the glint in the grey eyes. “You’re taking the piss, aren’t you?”
“I asked her too.”
A tall, slim man in a three-piece suit stood in the centre of the area, leaning nonchalantly on an umbrella as he watched John get out of the car.  As John limped towards him, leaning on his cane, the man used his umbrella to point towards a straight-backed armless chair facing him.  “Have a seat, John.”
“But,” John prompted. No point trying to avoid the inevitable.
“Then for entertainment while we’re eating, we can review our plans as to how this is going to work.”
“They’re
“A herd of cattle couldn’t have trampled the ground more thoroughly,” complained Sherlock, squatting down to examine it anyway.
Sherlock would have known who was cheating on his spouse, who was being cheated on, who had lost his job but not yet told his spouse and who was wearing frilly pink pants under his cheap suit.  More to the point, Sherlock would have said so out loud.  There would have been a brawl, John could have punched a few of the fools and then he and Sherlock could have made a run for it together.  That thought was sounding more attractive by the minute.
“Oh, it
“None of this has any impact on you. It all happened years ago.  And yet you care about it.  You ask questions, you listen to the answers.”
be there,
“Easily,” said Ivan.  With a flourish, he withdrew his father’s signet ring from underneath his shirt and held it up for the guards to see.  Except that they could
“Dr Dobrieuzi was also able to replicate the reactions
John was cut off by a knock at the door, which Sherlock seemed unusually prompt about answering. The alpha who entered – nice jacket, classy jeans, brown hair, glasses – looked vaguely familiar.
“People were dying,” answered Sherlock.
“Nor should you be.  A person who beats their spouse deserves nothing better.”
John was lying awake in Sherlock’s bed, still sweating from his nightmare.  Outside the room, someone was playing a lullaby on the violin.  Playing rather well, too, John realized.  Eventually his breathing slowed and he drifted back to sleep.
“It was large?  It... it wasn’t dusty.  He worked there a lot.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “I thought you would recognize the reference.”
“These walls aren’t soundproof, John. Janine was in the bedroom while Mycroft and I were bellowing Magnussen’s name back and forth. The familiar name would have caught her ear, but she never asked why we were discussing her employer at such volume.”
Sherlock grinned.  Ivan found himself grinning back, trying to keep from breaking into laughter.  We’re insane, he thought, both of us.
.   John, Madeleine needs a teat, not a dummy.”
Marfa Hudovna brought Ivan a glass of hot tea and then a plate of freshly baked pirozhki filled with beef and onions.  She kept him company as he ate, asking many questions about his life as a soldier and his journey to find a spouse and somewhere to settle down.  She sounded so genuinely kind and interested that Ivan felt vaguely guilty.  Nothing he told her was a lie, but he was certainly leaving out some important pieces of the truth.
“So you’re going.”
go to prison.”
“Sherlock, I, ah, went ahead and got us some tickets.”
“All right,” said Ivan slowly, remembering the crow in his tent.  “You
Despite the dark and early hour, a good-sized crowd had gathered at the western gate by the time the armed troupe rode forth.  Some in the crowd carried torches.  The dancing, flickering flames were not much help in picking out the men’s faces, particularly given the chainmail coifs and helmets they all wore.  Still, there was no mistaking the tsarevich, sitting straight (if not very tall) upon a magnificent horse.  His gleaming chainmail and the jewels in the hilt of his sword caught the torchlight.  Many a maiden and not a few youths in the crowd sighed to watch him ride by.
“We didn’t steal any...”
“That kind of marriage is unusual, at least in Europe and North America.”
choose the latter.”
Sherlock himself merely shrugged. “Annoying, but it happens.  I’m far more interested in the communication you received from your ex-husband last evening.”
Mary’s accomplice?”
Marfa Hudovna was up from the table, bustling about and making tea.  She poured glasses of tea for herself and Ivan and set a third glass and a plate with a buttered slice of rye bread within Sherlock’s reach before resuming her seat at the table.
“You were angry enough to resort to physical violence. Any excuses I offered...”
“It’s not coddling, it’s being practical. If I hurt you...”
John watched them go until Mrs Holmes asked him if there might be more tea. Gratefully, he set about making a fresh pot. “You bought the ticket in your own name,” he hazarded.
Angelo led them to a table by the window.  He laid two menus on the table and announced, “On the house, Sherlock for you
“I owe you the first decent case I get. I promise.  It’s just I don’t have anything at the moment.  Well, we’ve got a body, but it’s an elderly gent who died of a heart attack in an alley.  Paramedics responding to a 999 call found him shortly after midnight.”
Equally, neither Campbell-Williams nor Wentworth appeared to notice the short blond man who sat alone at a nearby table, nursing a glass of house red and occasionally glaring at his mobile as he waited for a dinner companion who was running late.
“And yet completely fails to delineate the supposed vandal’s motives in attacking that particular lab at the university. I grant that you may have part of the story, but there’s more to it.”  Sherlock strode back into the alley.
mistakes in your handling of Eurus...”
“Sorry,” John said with a sigh. “Go on.”
“Muircheartaigh?”
John took a deep breath.
“Yes, once they arrived, he put them to use.”
“Well,” said Sara a bit shakily, “What’s a bit more magic in this place?”
“He’s in London.”
“There were none.  The lord said that I must have done it and sentenced me to death.  But when I protested, he said he would be merciful.  His mercy was to grant me a year and a day to prove my innocence by finding the true murderer.”
doesn’t it seem likely there was some sort of mistake?”
Caustlin glanced at the youth slumped in his seat next to her, apparently engrossed in a study of the floor in front of his chair, and smiled slightly for the first time. “Yes.”
“More nervous than he’d be about calling to ask for money?”
Marie looked rueful.  “Not for girls born soon after the Revolution, it’s not.  Too many parents got hold of the same clever idea at once.”
“See? I knew it wouldn’t take you long.” John couldn’t deny that he was enjoying the view. Sherlock’s close-fitting nursing tunics gave him the look of an exotic prince. John particularly liked this one, a deep purple satin. He wondered if Sherlock might be persuaded to wear it from time to time even after Madeleine was weaned and Sherlock could go back to shirts that tucked into his trousers.
“Good.”  John’s own smile was brief.  “Because I don’t.  If I make a full breakfast, will you eat it?”
The result was a surprising amount of fun, especially when Sherlock attempted to retaliate.  Sherlock’s rules were all so complicated that he ended up drawing flowcharts to explain them to John – and even then they didn’t make sense.  When Sherlock’s patience ran out, he crumpled the latest flowchart up into a ball and threw it at John.  John had plenty of ammunition to hand, so he fired back.  It rapidly became apparent that he had superior aim.
have written the book.
Ivan, finally realizing why the sack had never offered plums or apricots, replied, “This tree has helped me more than you know, gospozha.”
“Across the yard, you’ll find a path into the forest.  It will lead you to a grove of birch trees.  That’s where you wait, dear.  I’ve made extra, so there should be plenty.”
The camera immediately swiveled away.
“That would be great! I’ll buy you a coffee to say thank-you.”
.  Mycroft dealt with Victor’s family and sent a car to take me back to our family’s home.  He didn’t attend to the matter himself, though.  I was able to slip away while his henchmen were packing up my room.”
Ivan drew his sword and stepped forward, only to be stopped by Sherlock’s suddenly outspread wings.  “Stay behind me, Ivan Watovich.  My wings will offer you some protection from his spells,” Sherlock hissed.
a case.”
“He told me privately that the Yard would be willing to drop the charges entirely if the university was willing as well. I have his card here.  The mobile number will reach him this evening.”
“So,” said John, still not quite believing what he’d seen. “You have, ah...”
“Not really. There’s plenty of women out there with black bands.  Like, look at that one there.”
“No.  I’m attracted to women more often than men, but with men the attraction is somehow... deeper?  That’s not quite it.  More visceral, maybe.”
“But not fatally,” Sherlock insisted. He started to lean forward, winced and lay back again. “And not before asking if you were with me. Your presence in the building would have created a problem for Mary. She couldn’t have let you become a suspect in Magnussen’s murder. She would have had to shoot me in any case, but she also would have had to leave Magnussen alive.”
John didn’t fall for the attempt at deflection. “It’s incredibly hot that you chose me to be the first person you wanted to experience this with.” He ran his hand along the side of Sherlock’s face.
“May I ask – your research is a continuation of Dr Dobrieuzi’s work?”
Lestrade was not happy.
“Another bloody test, is it?” growled Ivan.
Andreyev thought he remembered that they were both still speaking a bit when he first arrived at the castle, but that was all he remembered and he wasn’t even sure about that much.
By the time they broke for air, Sherlock was more or less sitting in John’s lap. He nuzzled John’s neck – and then the nuzzling turned into something that felt more like a yawn against John’s skin.
“A freak?  I would.  He is – was – is.  How freakish is that, having someone else carrying your heart around for you?”
“If I’d notified the police, they would send a crowd of soi-disant ‘undercover’ officers who’d look exactly like police officers pretending to be pub customers.  They’d spook the killer, who’d be all that much harder to establish contact with a second time.”
“Did he tell you...,” Muircheartaigh paused, obviously for dramatic effect.  Ivan had seen such tricks before in his father’s councils and among the courtiers.
As Sherlock had warned him, it was nothing like the internet.  Most of the available content consisted of dry-as-dust government reports.  John read through a few on the state of the healthcare system, although he took them with large chunk of salt.  More interesting were the medical articles published by British doctors, several of which John bookmarked for future reading.  And then there was...
“It means,” said Sherlock, “That you didn’t smash things yourself.”
“And the fact that said senior was apparently on his way home from a spot of vandalism at the university?”
It sounded almost like an accusation, but John knew his Sherlock well.  He took a deep breath.  “Sherlock, until the day you tell me to go away and stay away, I will always come back to you.  And what I said that night… I know this doesn’t excuse it, but I was really, really drunk.”
“Okay,” said Lestrade, “A young man wearing jeans and something red, probably a jacket. Size 12 feet, looks like.  He hears the sirens getting near, he goes over the fence – I don’t suppose you could spot the wallet or keys anywhere around here, could you?”
But Ivan was already heading down the stairs.  The door that had stood open before was now locked, and Ivan swore.  “I saw Muircheartaigh in this room.  I think he was hiding something behind the hangings.”
“The police are checking their cold cases to see if Phelps was involved in any previous murders.”
“Sarya Tyuleneva, as you are entitled to your anger, so Ivan is to his joy.  We have a long journey ahead.  We won’t survive by fighting each other.  Now apologize.”
day.  It’s as if all the criminals are on holidays.  Nothing’s really happening, so I’ve got no excuse not to catch up on paperwork.  To be honest, I’ll take a good crime scene over paperwork any day.”
An hour later, John was on his way back to Baker Street. Seething. Dr Dixon had arrived, taken charge of the situation and got Sherlock stabilized. Then – in front of the two police constables who’d arrived to guard Sherlock’s room – she’d given John a thorough telling-off and more or less ordered him out of the hospital.
“Lestrade’s not involved. The shop owner called me directly, believing – correctly – that I’d be more effective than the police in locating the thief.  And your assessment of the case is correct, but the shop owner is... an acquaintance of mine.”
“Someone’s been planning,” John commented. He took a mouthful, swirled it around few times, then realized he had no place to spit it out.  He swallowed instead – and then started to cough when it occurred to him that the issue of spitting vs swallowing might well arise again in the not-so-distant future.
“Muircheartaigh’s workshop is at the top of the northern tower.”
“I understand.”
It glanced at Ivan’s sword and spoke again.  “Living or dead?”
– and the male betas he’d dated occasionally had preferred to be the recipients. But Sherlock, who’d never been with anyone except John, was fearless and avid in his exploration of John’s body, giving and taking pleasure with a fierce generosity that took John’s breath away. He wanted John in exactly the same way as John wanted him: in any way that he could have him.
“I’m glad I kept your feathers,” Ivan murmured, already drifting towards sleep.
“Look at him,” muttered Donovan, loud enough that she obviously meant John to hear. “Black band on his wrist, but he’s got no idea what that other bloke’s feeling.  You know, most of the Yard thinks he turned his own band black as some kind of experiment.  That he w
Who was currently insisting, “Leaving aside your societally-endorsed obsession with colour change, however, it is still possible for you to meet potential partners who are dangerous, clever and physically attractive.”
At the sound of a male voice other than Sherlock’s, he immediately forgot his clothing issues and ran down the stairs.
“I see,” said Campbell-Williams, looking from one to the other of the two men. She rose from her seat.  “I should be going.  Thank you both for being so candid.  Now I feel like less of an idiot, at least relatively speaking.”  She headed for the door, back straight, shoulders square.
It was indeed Janine, wearing a shirt but apparently little else. Janine, calling Mycroft “Mike” and Sherlock “Sherl”, telling John where to find the coffee in the flat he’d once lived in. Janine, slipping into the bathroom to join Sherlock and obviously quite welcome.
“Thursday next. London Symphony Orchestra.”
obvious a trick.”
Sherlock didn’t respond, but he did comply.  Then he looked at John.  “John, you’re a medical man.  What do you make of the body?”
Sherlock was laying out supplies and equipment. Box of nitrile gloves, medium. Box of nitrile gloves, extra large. Hand sanitizer. Scale. Measuring tape. Notebook and pen. Phone. Leather strap.
“Well not ‘think’ then but hope? Fear?”
are also a real thing.
“People like Magnussen
“Do you not like the fettucini or am I boring you?”
“It isn’t his usual habit, but he’s allowed to come and go as he pleases. He tends to stay close to home in any case, and he’s been doing so well on the new medications, his doctor said...  Oh.”  McCaustlin stopped, looking stricken.  “It doesn’t matter now, does it?  How well he’s, he
There would be no more unsupervised visits for Eurus, for everyone’s good.  Including her own.
“Professional equipment or homemade?”
“I think the exploration of restraints of various sorts could be quite rewarding,” he purred.
“Archie. And he didn’t have to take Archie with him everywhere he went for several months.”
When Sherlock’s eyes slid over to the rear view mirror, John realized that their driver was watching them and listening carefully.
“What was that about?” John demanded.  “Did you leave something behind at the crime scene?”
“...without their permission! I signed a lease on that flat.”
“Obviously I’m
“Look, Sherlock, about Molly...” John began.
The kettle boiled. John quietly removed it from the heat.
They waited.
She trailed off, shaking her head.
Ivan awoke from blurred dreams of fire and flight to pale and misty morning light that made it all too clear that Sherlock had ignored his instructions about trading watches.  The contents of the sack also suggested that Sherlock had not eaten, although Ivan supposed that the sack could have replenished itself.  When Sherlock deigned to swoop down from his perch and join Ivan on the ground, Ivan thrust a pastry at him.
Caustlin glanced at each of them but if she recognized their names, she didn’t show it as far as John could tell.
“Not important, never mind. Can I taste your chicken or have you eaten it all? We should try that out as a fantasy.” Sherlock dropped his voice to breathy quasi-whisper. “Oh, John, this child’s going to have your appetite! My teats will be all swollen and sore!”
” – he glanced sideways at Lestrade, who nodded solemnly – “are taking this matter seriously.”
“Tyler,” remonstrated Miranda, but faintly.
“Sherlock, I’m not getting your laptop for you.”
It was the custom of this empire that whoever would sit upon the imperial throne must be married.  Watt Yakovlevich had married as young man and ascended the throne on his father’s death.  He was a bold and popular ruler, and his lovely tsaritsa gave him two fine children, the Tsarevna Harrieta Watovna and the Tsarevich Ivan Watovich.  The years went by and the children grew.  The day came when an embassy arrived from a foreign land, bringing with it a portrait of the Prinzessin Clara von Niemetz and a proposal of a mutually beneficial trade treaty.  Upon seeing the portrait, the young tsarevna fell deeply in love.  Her father gave Harrieta and Clara his blessing, a fine country estate and, in hopes of continuing the succession, four dozen strapping young footmen.
John frowned. “Thought it was
, thought John irately, is PG Tips I bought at the Tesco. You probably drink the same at home.
“Then how...   Oh, of course.  You researched him as part of the vandalism case.”
“You mean you thought she was going to kill you,” John said flatly.
“Attractive
.  I...  I fucked up.”  Tyler looked at Lestrade.  “Am I going to gaol?”
plan to continue your association, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
“To make it look like a Bulgarian gang killing?”
agreed to carry a child.”
The sixth day out, one of the streams they drank from apparently had bad water, because everyone got the flux.  It was bad enough for Ivan but worse for the others who were just beginning to recover from starvation.  The sack gave them only plain bread and apples to eat.
After a moment, the door opened. The woman who stood there had dyed black hair which didn’t suit her. She was haggard and pale, with dark circles under her eyes. Her cheap coat was too large and hung off her. She smiled tremulously.
“As soon as I leave here.”
“Why were you at St Bart’s? Oh, obvious – scrubbed in on a procedure, hmmm, something fairly routine and boring.”
The chamber inside was an amazement of books and scrolls, of strange devices whose purpose Ivan could not guess.  Elaborate hangings embroidered with fantastic scenes covered the walls.  On cabinets and shelves, gemstones winked within cages of gold and silver wire, balanced on stands of ivory and rare woods.  At the centre of the chamber stood a large round table and in the centre of the table, an empty stand.  Whitish powder and fragments of bone lay scattered about its base.
“Just a few notes,” explained Sherlock with an eerie smile. “It’s a shorthand of my own devising.  Ms Caustlin, did you count the remaining tablets of each of your uncle’s medications?”
“This isn’t the 1960s, Sherlock,” John said mildly. “Everyone accepts betas in the workforce.”
“Closer!” they all yelled, and Ivan edged a bit closer, but not enough to be of any real use.
“Seriously, John. ‘Let’s have dinner?’”
John drew a breath. “When you jumped. At St Bart’s.”
daughter. He licked his lips and then blushed, knowing that Sherlock had to have noticed the gesture.
“Sherlock? Piss off.”)
“Not very informative, that.”  No answer.  “All right, then, you said they dance until they die.  Where does he get new ones?  Does he buy them?”
“No, someone else. Possibly a source of information.  Stay here.  Keep an eye out for our quarry.”  And Sherlock was gone, wandering off in what might or might not be the direction of the loo but was definitely not the direction in which he’d been looking.
argue, sometimes.”
“Don’t worry about that, John will take care of it,” Sherlock advised.
one...” Dexter indicated a different phone. “...is a little pricier but not by much. It’ll last longer and you’ll do more with it.”
“Knew what?”
like...”
“Oh, certainly. John, please do step into your own flat for a moment! Would you like some coffee?”
Both men stared at her in shock. Finally Sherlock opened his mouth.
“Zee-“
published and would have been available on-line at least briefly, since the newspaper has a digital edition.”
“Don’t believe everything you read on the
“Yeah, we went for walks. Not really going anywhere, just walking, sometimes even for more than an hour.  And then we’d stop somewhere and he’d buy me a be-”  Here Tyler cut off with a hasty glance at his mother.  Unfortunately for him, she’d already caught the gist of his statement.
“And she rents out 221C whenever someone comes along who’s desperate enough to live there.”
“Like Angelo or Mrs Hudson?”
“When she hesitated, I displayed a catalog for pricey engagement rings and batted my eyes.”
“He wouldn’t take them, Mum.” Tyler hesitated. “I’m sorry.  Maybe I could’ve tried harder or something?  I just...  I didn’t know what to do.”
“Sit down, I’ll get it.”
“Not that I know of. I’ve been careful about that,” Mary replied. Her voice was calm and steady. Her hands were clenched into fists. “And to answer your question, John, I never expected anything of you – except that I thought you might want the option of doing the best by your child. If giving it to St Bart’s to spend its first year in an incubator is the best you can come up with, well, I’ve lost the right to judge, I suppose.”
“That’s it. The Yarders figure that’s a lot more likely than Sherlock actually finding a soulmate.  But
...?”
“The capital of Bulgaria. The tattoo and the amputation indicate that the victim was a member of the Cherni Kucheta. It’s an Eastern European gang that’s been making recent inroads into Western Europe. The NPS in Sofia has the most data.”
government agencies?”
Sherlock’s dark brows drew together.  “It shouldn’t be doing that yet.”  He hopped off the rail and swooped out the door, barely missing Marfa Hudovna.  A train of loose feathers floated in his wake.
John’s smile was more than a bit grim.  “I was in the army.  I have experience.”
John smiled ruefully. “I thought I’d be married to the beautiful omega I’d been dating. Maybe we’d be courting a beta by now.”
“Are you sure it wasn’t someone all three of them knew?”  John found a pair of reasonably clean-looking mugs, then rinsed them out for good measure.
“I realized that
that had been Sherlock started to become paler in colour, as the form that Muircheartaigh’s spell had trapped him in started to give way to something new.
The first thing that caught John’s eye as they left the building was the café across the street. “Breakfast,” he said, attempting to lead Sherlock in that direction.
“I didn’t mean... I’m not always on the pull, you know.  And in any case,
“I don’t need a guard! You know that.”
“Amplifier,” muttered Sherlock.  Holding the feather carefully, he nudged the tip of the shaft into the keyhole of the case’s lock.  Sparks popped and snapped.  He inserted the shaft a hair deeper with a twisting motion.  There was a flash of light, a particularly loud snap – and the lock fell open.  The air smelled of burnt feathers.
John smiled and took her hand across the table. “We’re both in the same boat there, aren’t we? No family to speak of, lots of friends. Harry and a free bar are a bad combination.”
Ivan shivered, knowing those silver eyes caught the motion.  It wasn’t unpleasant, being observed by this uncanny creature, but it was... intense.
Sherlock was still standing there smirking.
The man raised an eyebrow.  “Really.  You need to choose a side, Dr Watson, and you need to do so soon.”
to me... Do you always see things that are clear to Sherlock?”
“So you broke in to look for something. But he wasn’t out. In fact, he had company.”
learn to use a sword?”
how to dissolve and inject it.”
To John’s disgust Sherlock smirked at her, a quick twist of his lips.
John caught Mary’s wince, but Sherlock continued. “Mary, do you have DNA samples on file with
“Yeah, that’s right.”
John was impressed despite himself.  “He got your husband off execution?”
It was worse than the bloody crisps because this time, John knew Sherlock was doing it on purpose. He was putting on a show for John, and John... couldn’t look away. Was still staring when Sherlock dipped up a second spoonful – and then handed the spoon to John.
