“Mr. William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes. I couldn’t decide which tartan it should be. So I bought two of each. I found them on e-bay. You’ve got quite a kink there, Love. And me too. Sex in kilts. And these ones go in the washing-machine.”
Sherlock looked a bit hurt by John's words, because Sherlock had hoped that.....
And Greg swallowed, “That you have risked your life more than one time, and was prepared to die to protect others. Now you have asked me to come here today. 'Asked'...not demanded.....and you have changed. I don't know what to believe any more. I...I thought you to be the epitome of 'sitting on a high horse' morally seen....”
But John had dreamt of the last day in Afghanistan the other night and he had suddenly remembered something....something important.
Sherlock nodded, “Oh yes. Quite a lot. But it is getting late and.....”
“Yeah...I see that. Have you ever tried to find Sherrinford?”
Like that several months passed. John had accepted to be a temporary at the clinic as Sarah had begged him. “We do miss your skill-set, John. So much. And you of course. And we'll accept if you can't come and just notify at short notice and even if you have to leave earlier. Just come if convenient. Please?”
Sherlock turned his upper body a bit so he could face John. Thank god his groin was covered by the towel: “Well I was lying on the couch going through the case....and I felt something wasn’t right. That I’ve missed something. So I got up, hailed a cab and drove to the crime-scene. I had texted Lestrade that I would be there. I went under the police-tape, picked the lock and got inside. The dining room was rather warm so I took of my coat and began to examine the floor. I was so occupied that it never occurred to me that the culprit would return to the place of his crime...his murder. Or else I wouldn’t have gone without back-up, believe me, John.
John stopped a minute and almost growled, “I'm going to eat your arse, Sherlock. You told me that you are totally clean...and I'm going to use that fact and just eat you out...”
(Sherlock decided that he didn't want to tell John the real reason for that erection. It could wait)
He admitted that he had had his doubts about Sherlock sparing his life at Diogenes', “After all, I had deserved it, if you had killed me.” , he said.
Sherlock smiled, “Oh...the vaults were there all right. In the building beside his office-tower.”
John shivered, “Yeah...she managed to tear us apart. But not for ever. Even if I still have nightmares about what would have happened if it hadn't been for Mrs. Hudson. If she hadn't shown me that DVD, I would have come to late to save you from Culverton....and you tried to kill yourself in order to save me. How an utterly and totally nutty kind of advice...”
And then there was a photo of two blurred drawings made on torn and discoloured pieces of paper.
John laughed, ”No, I suppose not. You have never been normal, you two!”
Mycroft looked at Sherlock, “And your reaction to my behaviour was to lash out and become so acerbic against me....”
She went to his side and touched his wrist gently. Released first his right wrist and then his left. He was 'gone', but as she looked into his eyes, that were glazed, she could see, that he was not in sub-space. He was not 'flying' or 'floating', but on his way to a sub-drop. That had not been her intention.
I had felt a thrill and then a shiver down my spine as I found evidence about how it had been done. 'Trial and error'.....'trial and error' and had nightmares about how many foetuses that had never been functional and had never survived.
“And you call me a 'madman'?” had Sherlock asked as he prepared an enema for both of them.
As John returned about 45 minutes later, he was met with the delicious smell of bacon and fried eggs from the kitchen, as he entered through the front door.
John looked at him with worry in his eyes, “Too much?”
And then John continued to tell about his feeling of deja vu. Of how he just knew how that cellar would look like. How he had known about 'The Twenty' even before they had all the evidence.
Now Sherlock heard Mycroft's voice. “Please, little brother. You are so close. Try a bit harder and come back to us. Please!”
“Exactly...and sometimes it helps me solve cases. And the scientists, who have monitored me for years, didn't mind that I 'played' a detective, because it wouldn't interfere with the governmental secrets, which were stored in my mind as well.
*I’M SORRY I COULDN'T BE THERE. I’VE HEARD ABOUT MARY. IT WAS A STUPID QUESTION TO ASK HOW YOU ARE. FORGIVE ME!*
“Almost 5 years old.”, said Sherlock and paused to allow John to do the maths.
“I'm going to begin with Baker Street and what happened after we had pulled Mycroft's leg and forced him to come to us as a client. Tricking him into admitting, that HE had planned something and that I had a sister. I should have known, that he would outmanoeuvre me. This time too. He is the better one, the smart one after all....”
.......did I forget any?”
Finally Sherlock was allowed to leave the clinic and everything had been solved. Sort of. 'Moriarty' had been that criminal genius, he had claimed to be. Just...he had never been totally on his own. He had been a part of...and not at all the head of ... the international criminal network. Sherlock had stumbled upon the real leader, Baron Maupertuis, and Mycroft's revenge (paid by the English tax-payer's money) on the people that had captured and tortured Sherlock, as it had been the agents of M16, who had done the final job and blown the place to pieces, had ended that vast criminal network as well. 'Moriarty' had not been the name of the man, but the network....and the leader would have been called 'Moriarty'. The man who shot himself on the rooftop of Sct. Bartholomew Hospital, had been 'Richard Brook', an actor...but at the same time the leader of the criminal network in England and Western Europe.
“With you near by? Always!”
Mary smiled at him: “I know it is bad. I might never be able to walk properly again. I can probably never have children again.....oh John. I should never have gone on that stroll. Or I should have left our flat sooner....or later, then this wouldn’t have happened.........Mina is DEAD AND I KILLED HER!!” she cried....
“I know that too, Sherlock. But, if it is some sort of conciliation, I think John can survive your death now...”
“Look down!”
Mycroft now looked at Sherlock, who nodded.
And John just thanked them for trying....no reason to tell them how relieved he was.
Sherlock shook his head, “Not all of it. I was being poisoned by Culverton Smith...and drugged. I just had to keep up the charade as I escaped the first hospital. 'Mary' helped because she saw no reason to keep on trying to kill me, as her employer was dead and couldn't pay her. She has always worked just for the money...nothing else.”
Mycroft had continued, “Until a few months ago. Her writing in the last two novels felt....different. Darker. As a warning. And you know, that her ability to see invisible patterns is even better than yours. Something is on its way. Did you feel that something was amiss last time you visited Eurus?”
Mycroft just looked at him, totally lost at what John would be thinking about.
_______________________
John went over to Sherlock and in one swift motion he had caught Sherlock's arm and forced him up against the wall. Not unlike the movement Sherlock had made when he was Shezza, after John's and Mary's marriage, and had surprised Mycroft (and aroused him at the same time), as he had pushed him up against the door in the kitchen.
John chuckled, “Just looking. Not licking....even if I would like that very much. You have such a nice arse, Sherlock. But I'm going to eat some food, before I 'eat' you...and right now you need to rest and sleep. And I'll have to fetch Rosie. I'll leave the phone here, while I fetch Rosie. If you should wake up and......”
After a cup of tea and some toast, Sherlock and John continued their conversation, again lying on the bed. Holding hands and being close to each other. The talk had stirred up bad memories and they needed too feel each other. Feel that the other one was there...and alive.
________________________
John shook his head: “But to kill her own child as she found out how much such a tiny creature demands of you. That just shows how cold and calculating she really was. And it is really no surprise that it was that other assassin from the pool. Sherlock told me about it today, Mycroft. That David....he was the father. What a fool I have been!”
He was already slurring a bit.
John felt so ashamed. How could he have behaved like that and claiming to be 'Sherlock's best friend'?
“I..I...what I meant was that you do not have to do these things Sherlock. You have done so much already....enough for a lifetime!”
“Sholto?”
Well, not all of the events were for her, for some of the events were meant to heal Mycroft, some to heal Sherlock and some to heal John. Mycroft had asked the actor, who had played 'Moriarty' to make some more scenes long time ago. More than 5 years ago, before the man had shot himself on the roof of Barts and very clever and creative web-artists had copy-pasted the recordings with 'Moriarty' into some of the scenes on 'Sherrinford' and those scenes had been used in the whole plan. Mostly because Mycroft knew that that actor had managed to scare Sherlock and Sherlock would have to get rid of that ghost forever.
John laughed a bit insecure and said: “You’ve got quite a selection there...your scars...”
___________________
“You've always said 'it is never twins' when I have brought it up.”, John complained.
Imagine an old book, red and leather-bound.....and the first pages were printed on a printer and later glued into the book. The rest of the book is written by hand.
Sherlock shook his head, “No and yes...because they are not the only ones, who can do that. The monks in Tibet are capable of doing that too. And I was taught to enter that state of mind and body too. The trance enables me to process my observations, to sort them out, to run several scenarios and find the most logical answer..”
“High-quality...not that cheep stuff you can buy on the internet or at home-parties” had the blonde man, “Jacques” , snorted and had given them the secret internet address for “professionals”. Oh yes..they were going to have an enjoyable time spending Mycroft’s money on the internet. But not right now. Despite his sexual activity the last 24 hours had been much more than his activities the last months actually, John had an insisting erection in his trousers...and some very nasty plans for Sherlock in their bedroom. Something involving wax, nipple-clamps and the leather-cuffs.
Sherlock turned and reached with his free hand to wipe away John's tears but remained silent, as John continued, “I had made arrangements about Rosie......and I had still my old Sig.....
“Yeah… I need a favour from him. Something a bit secret and something that has to do with our upcoming wedding. Is that allright?”
*I’M IN A TERRIBLY STATE. NOT BECAUSE OF “MARY”, BUT BECAUSE OF MINA..... WE HAVE JUST BURIED HER....AND THANK YOU*
John nodded and said, “Oh yes...I do remember.”
“I begin to understand why you said the other day that England is in reality not ruled by the government” said John.
“What happened to 'Elizabeth'...?”, wanted lady Smallwood to know.
And as she pointed out as she got a bit older, “This is holiday. If I'm not surrounded by boys and girls of my own age, I'll just have to cope, wouldn't I? It is always said that 'a bit of boredom never hurts an intelligent soul'. I like my cousins. We have a lot of fun, but I'm fully capable of entertaining myself if necessary. There is a huge library...and I'm fully capable of reading. Even in more than one language. There are computers and game-pads. Board-games...chess. How can I be bored?”
But then he took a deep breath and he began, “Sherrinford took the initiative and was the active part, but neither he nor Mycroft were the idea-maker behind it. It must have been Culverton. The way he looked at me. The way he let his hand rest on my thigh just a little bit too long. He wasn't present as it happened though. At least I do not have memories of that, but they can have been tampered with any way. And my memories are scattered and not complete. But I do remember the metallic taste of my breakfast, showing that it had been drugged. Then the floating feeling and then a lot of things....dreamlike. But no matter how bad a nightmare you have...it doesn't leave you with a puffed, sore and red sphincter and sometimes it would be bleeding slightly. Nor does it leave you with a sore throat and the taste of semen in your mouth. I never new what that taste was...until I was old enough to have wet dreams and smelled that body fluid again. And as I smelled it, I had just time to run out into the bathroom to vomit in the toilet.”
Sir Thomas described how he had been in doubt and how he had continued never the less.......and how horrified he had been as the 'monster' as he himself had described it, came to the final stages of life. Sir Thomas had hoped to see intelligence in those eyes, but he had written:
And Mary had admitted that the only reason for Mycroft not to have her killed, because she had almost killed 'his valuable computer-device', was that she knew to much about too many governmental secrets....and had put them in a safe place to be revealed if she should die a suspicious death.
____________________
Then he reached for Mycroft's left nipple and pinched it hard and finally Mycroft came....in long thick spurts that landed on Mycroft and on Greg's shirt and trousers. The rhythmical contractions of Mycroft's inner walls forced Greg over the edge as well and he emptied himself deep inside Mycroft.
So...bathroom and enema first. John had removed the blue butt-plug, that he had borrowed from Mycroft and Sherlock had laughed as he saw it.....oh yes. Definitely something 'borrowed and blue'.
And then he continued rubbing that spot inside her and was rewarded with a flow of moisture. And as he continued to such and lick and move his fingers in and out of her vagina, she came with a 'Oh God!” and there were so much more moisture running out of her.
John smiled again and looked a bit embarrassed, “Well...I thought you were dying again...and I lost it. Kissed you. Told you how much I loved you. Told you how sorry I was and begged you not to die. I think I promised you the Moon and the Sun and that I would never leave you...and you woke up a bit, confessed that you had always loved me. We kissed and you lost consciousness again...”
“For sawing a soldier in Afghanistan many years ago. You see. Some people...in their dying moment. If they are believers, and you never stopped believing, John Watson, even if you thought that you were never heard....some people pray that intensively, that their prayers go right through. Without all the paperwork. And since your 4
“Mantras?”
John removed the straps restraining Sherlock, as well as those around his genitals. As soon as Sherlock had relaxed a bit, John ordered him to turn over, and John had given him fifteen strokes with the crop, ordering Sherlock to count each one. Sherlock wound his hands back into the restraints anchoring him to the bed. The cropping left red stripes but not welts. Sherlock had moaned and squirmed and enjoyed the treatment immensely, well on his descending totally into subspace. At hit number fifteen,  Sherlock had mewed and ejaculated. It had almost made John come too, and he had knelt down on the bed beside Sherlock and only needed a few tugs before he had come too.
Sherlock pointed at another journal, “And this is my real journal and not the falsified one. Violet never had another child after the very difficult birth of that infant girl.”
They smiled at each other again and then Sherlock said, “Well...back to what didn't work, and a travel in time back to my teenage-years.”
John took a deep breath and continued: “We are going to one of his clubs, so I can get proper advice! So it is not your business! That you get a boner (and John deliberately used the vulgar word as he knew Mycroft despised it) by watching us....well I can live with that. Besides.....those cameras. Sherlock mentioned something about “for security”......And that is a bit of bullshit, Mycroft. I know that Sherlock has enemies, but that is no reason for having his bedroom...and bathroom bugged!”
Sherlock was now standing in front of the cross and had reached his arms up, being ready to be restrained, and turned his head and smiled, “Isn't it what I'm always doing?”
“Yeah...I know...and I will. Just you soak a bit longer....and don’t try to get up from the water before I’m in here again!”
Mary was happy that she had chosen a time where John was out to read the note.
Sherlock nodded, “More a 'switch', I think. It is not always I have that need. Most of the time I'm more than happy with 'vanilla flavour'.
____________________________
And then John told about his own anger and confusion and how ashamed he was, and gradually over the following weeks, talking with the therapist, John could finally admit that he might not be gay.....but that he had feelings for men too. Especially one man.......and now everything was ruined. And John deserved that!
After breakfast John had called Rosie's day-care-family and told them that he would fetch Rosie this afternoon, if it was OK?
And then Sherlock felt something touching his mouth. Something cold. Ice-chips. And as they melted in his mouth, the terrible dryness, that had felt as if he was containing all the sand from Sahara in his mouth, disappeared....and now he felt something pressing gently against a sore spot on his throat.
________________________
“No...but for your mental health.”, said Mycroft and smiled. This time a genuine one.
“It doesn't matter. I just hope that she is all right? No genetic disease?”
Then they had undressed and had put neatly aside their entire outfit. Only John’s kilt would require a dry-cleaning.
Sherlock frowned, “What is wrong with my names?”
And Sherlock had kissed him and said, “Don't be an idiot, John. It is not an obligation. It is a privilege. And why should I want to continue to live, when my conductor of light is gone?”
“And do you? Care about him? Have you shown that you care about him? By refusing to see him...again?”, wanted Ella to know.
Then he nodded at Sherlock and Sherlock put down his violin and went down to John and reached out his hand. They waltzed together in perfect harmony to Sherlock’s waltz and made it their ‘first dance’, as André Rieu started the waltz all over again from the beginning.
Sherlock's voice faltered and he closed his eyes.
John had smiled, “Yeah....and it wouldn't surprise me at all, if she had arranged for those boys to steal the cars and just had had an extra set of keys made for our car, and then had taken the car as she disappeared after she 'died'.”
John chuckled, “Yeah. I could believe that. And the Victorians had the strangest ideas about 'contamination'. They invented iron beds that could be detached so they could be cleaned thoroughly, so all the 'bug-eggs' could be removed. There was even a law against having beds hanging out of the windows, so people must have done that in order to dry them. And at the same time they didn't wash often and had chamber pots under their beds. And that brings me to the next weird thing about Victorians and the lower parts of the anatomy. All the terrible things they did...the doctors and the governesses...in order to prevent masturbation. Sometimes they were punishing the young men so severely, that they ruined the young men's genitals or gave them mental traumas, and made it impossible for them to perform sex later on. We once followed a lecture about that...about various times' views upon masturbation, and some of the means they used to prevent masturbation came close to …...not 'not close to'. It was torture... Flogging them. Caning them..”
The thing John was working on had been fuelled by two things. The dream about Afghanistan and the fact that Mycroft had admitted......sitting in the library in his house sharing a really good whisky with John...that “his hands were tied behind his back” and he was unable to do much for Sherlock. As Mycroft had made that remark John began to giggle......maybe helped a little by the amount of whisky John had consumed to catch up some “Dutch courage” to tell Sherlock about his feelings and Mycroft had just lifted his eyebrow in a very “Sherlockian” manner.
Greg just listened as Mycroft continued to tell a bit more about the 'Moriarty-broadcast' , that Mycroft of course had made to prevent Sherlock from leaving England until Mycroft had had more time to convince people, why Sherlock should have a pardon. There was no doubt about that pardon, as everything about Magnussen was revealed, but it was not until almost February, before everything could be proved and after that Mycroft continued, “You have read all the reports by now. Is there anything more, that you want to know?”
And Sherlock looked at his still erect cock, “You told me that that could happen....It feels weird...but I came. And yet...no tiredness. So, a prostate orgasm doesn't produce the same chemicals: oxytocin, prolactin and endorphins?”
Now there were other voices in the room: Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, Sally and Anderson - and his parents. And they were all shouting at him....accusing him of all his flaws and failures.....his rudeness, his bragging....and every single one of them urged John to continue.
“Well...first because my bandages would get wet, second because I’m not sure you wanted me in there with you...”
“Oh...but I do. I just thought that you wouldn't want to be near me, after having read all the reports and...”
John looked at his glass and said, “Hm..I hope you are right....and you?”
mistakes forced Sherlock to jump of that roof, risking to be killed because of that heavy sedation, that should make him look dead. It made John Watson almost kill himself out of grief and misplaced guilt. Sherlock almost died several times during those two years away, even if he showed remarkably skills. Sherlock was indeed one of our best agents in the field.”
John still smiled his predatory smile, “And that is one of his biggest achievements. To make people believe that he doesn’t exist!”
“Well...”, and now it was John's turn to blush a bit, “I have been with women....and I have used my tongue, so....”
“Or....I can remove this outfit and we can have normal sex.”
And now Rosie, my wife...and yes she is Sherlock's and John's daughter, but not related to me nor by law, neither by genetics...and by the way it is none of your business. How could I elsewhere have found a wife that could match me intellectually? She is a genius too and she is going to kill me if I don't attend supper. Up here you'll have to be extremely fond of sheep. It is amazing how they can thrive and become so many on so meagre land-pieces. So...now she called for the third time: I better obey!
“That was the most intense orgasm I’ve ever had,” said John, drowsy after the orgasm-induced storm of chemicals in his body.
Sherlock just left his words there, hanging in the air. And John didn't say anything either, just smiled. A nice smile.
Sherlock smiled a little sad smile, “No. I actually found it rather touching. I couldn't help them. And...well. Mycroft was never going to have a child of his own, so he sort of inherited my obligations towards Hamish...”
And John understood, “You were raped?”
But Sherlock protested, “Just let me finish. There is no need for you to get 'porridged' too. And I've missed this...”
Sherlock turned around and took John’s head between his hands: “You never cease to amaze me, John Watson. You are my guideline.....my sun...and I’m just a humble planet in orbit around you! See...I do remember the mechanics in the solar system by now!”
And the only thing John could say as he had visions of Sherlock giving him blow-jobs under the kilt and of him giving Sherlock blow-jobs whilst Sherlock would be wearing it, even though the kilt would be a bit too long for John and a bit too short for Sherlock, was, “Oh God..yes!”
“Mmmm. I was just thinking how happy I'll be when I leave this flat. When I lock the door and never have to look back again. This is the place where I thought the thoughts and wrote the hurtful words that caused you so much pain and nearly killed you. Well..not me alone, I'll admit that. 'Mary' made her part of the job as well.”
______________________
She pulled the blanket up over him and left for a few seconds, so she could get out of the outfit and she returned after a very few moments, only dressed in her black silk dressing-gown, with a jar of cream She removed the blanket and began to apply it on Mycroft's welts and carefully on his wounds. It would speed the healing-process and would soothe the pain as well.
“I know I'm not one to ask, since I've beaten Sherlock as well. Hurt him physically and mentally, I know that. But how could you watch him being tortured.....and even enjoying it? And how the hell did you want to risk the 'British Government' by extracting him yourself. What if they had caught you? With all that information that you possessed?”
Mycroft looked thoughtful for a moment and then he said, “I'm not sure it was totally a good idea, then. Back in the beginning of the 20
Mycroft smirked, “There are. Mostly because they haven't been removed since.....well since you moved away form Baker Street and, to speak the truth, were suicidal. And I can assure you that....hmm....tapes with certain activities are just for a very few eyes. Mine. No reason for others to.....watch.”
“Green...sir”
“Something like that. Culverton has only done that to me at a very few occasions, as I always have a break-down afterwards and afterwards the informations in my brain are very difficult to extract.
“You didn't. David praised Sherlock's performance, and why shouldn't he? Sherlock is a great violin-player. You have invited me to so many excellent concerts, with excellent musicians, so I do have something to compare with. And Sherlock is damned good!”, said Greg and kissed Mycroft again and he continued after the kiss, “And on top on all this wedding planning, you had to work on the crisis in North Korea. The one in Brazil. The terror in France, and in Italy. I can see the tension in you. I can hear it in your voice. Allow me to take care of you, Love. Give you what you need.”
Sherlock smiled, “Maybe she used the old saying: 'keep your friends close and your.....”
He opened his eyes and lifted his hand to caress Sherlock’s face, “You even asked me for forgiveness for leaving me because you had to, in order to save my life....and you asked me on your knees. Oh God Sherlock, it was I who should have asked for forgiveness and on
So Mycroft got up and went down into the living-room to fetch the reports....and when he returned, Sherlock was standing in his bedroom, dressed in his dressing-gown, holding the cane in his hand.
Lestrade daughters were a part of that too. Not the one-legged part, but they were a part of the bunch of young people, who were attending the summer-holidays at the restored Musgrave near the coast and celebrated Christmas in Scotland at the restored big mansion on the united land of the Holmes-clan and the Watson-clan. Not that there were not other big houses on the rather big piece of land. There were even two ruins of castles of former glory and other big houses. But the 'Oak-Tree-Mansion' was the biggest and the only one with room for everybody if necessary.
John remained in the bed....and wondered how Sherlock managed to 1: move around so elegantly...like a feline animal...all grace and controlled movements despite being in pain...and he had to be with those wounds.....and 2:  make taking a morning-leak sound so sexy? And John’s thoughts wandered.....maybe it was because John imagined how Sherlock would stand there...strong-bodied and totally starkers...drawing the prepuce back on his lovely cock before he began to pee....and John’s mouth almost watered when he thought of the feeling of Sherlock’s cock on his tongue and down his throat.....the way Sherlock tasted....the musk of Sherlock’s most intimate places.....And John touched his own erection and moaned a bit.....How could Sherlock turn him so much on?
As they walked down the corridor towards Mycroft's 'playroom', as Mycroft called it, with Sherlock walking in the front, Mycroft couldn't help admiring the gorgeousness of Sherlock's naked body. Sherlock hadn't bothered putting on the dressing-gown again and was just walking, holding the cane in his hand.
And then he opened the door. Mycroft decided not to say more about their looks for now. And somehow it was true, what Sherlock said, that it mostly was their minds that fascinated the other. The body was transport after all.
“Well..of course...what is stopping you?”
And Sherlock pushed himself a bit away from Mycroft and looked at him for a few seconds, scanned him with his laser-focus and then he said, as he did read something in Mycroft's face, “Oh....that was why you pushed me away and told me to wait to ask for pain, until I couldn't tolerate it any-more. That was the reason for your acerbic remarks and your arrogance and patronisation. The reason for separating us after the caning and letting us deal with the erections our selves. How long....how long have you wanted me the whole way? To have sex with me?”
John frowned, “Same surname?”
Sherlock had chosen the smallest harness for John to wear. It was a series of straps that wrapped around John’s upper body, but had a strap which led down the front of the body, that was kept in place with a cock ring. There was laughter when John had first tried the harness on as the cock ring was far too small, preventing John from getting an erection. The harness was returned to the tailor and the relevant adjustment had been made.
Sherlock was obediently lying in his bed..and actually on his back. It didn’t seem to hurt more doing so. His back and buttocks were throbbing no matter what position he was in. He was very careful not to move around.
Sherlock frowned but then he understood John's need for seeing that the damage hadn't been that bad, even if he had seen Sherlock walking around with no problems only shortly after, as they came in contact again...and Sherlock actually had dragged John out of the bonfire. Just as John might need to see that the damage, he had made on Sherlock in the morgue, would be almost gone by now.
John had looked up as Sherlock mentioned Victor Trevor. John had never heard him mentioned before. But again. He hadn't told Sherlock much about his friends from Sandhurst or Bart's hospital...or from his childhood either. Or much about James Sholto.
“Yeah...I did. Waiting for you I imagined myself as a soldier again. But now you are here it seemed more suitable to look like I was, when we first met.” And John was in his clothes from when they had their first case: his chequered button down, his pair of jeans and his oatmeal-coloured woollen jumper.
So that was why Hamish, but not Rosie, was standing at the churchyard in the small village East Dean, not that far from Eastbourne. It wasn't as small as it had been when John and Sherlock moved to live there. Just like a lot of other rural places, people had moved to live there after they had left the big cities and it was now a flourishing village of 3000 inhabitants, and with schools, pubs, library and more than one church.
And then Sherlock had wanted to know why on Earth he should be attending a political meeting and of all places in Bulgaria?
“Well....do you have more to confess: ladies lingerie? Raincoats and gas-masks? Wearing socks under sexual intercourse?...Actually Sherlock, until now I haven’t heard a thing that would repulse me. We’ll just have to find out about our limits.....and there would be things that I not would do to you. Things that would leave scars...you have enough....and there are things that I do not want you to do to me. I have my hard limits! And I have had pain enough as I healed. We’ll just have to figure out what to do!”
Sherrinford now said, “You are right. We wanted to find out if we could work together....and we did. And I kept the shoe as a sort of trophy... a reminder.”
John moaned a bit in the back of his throat and arranged the kilt a bit better, before his gaze was continuing down over that arse of Sherlock's, to the part of those impossible long legs, that was shown under the hem of Sherlock's kilt. Those long legs that made Sherlock move so elegantly. Jumping over fences and tables as if they were nothing. John knew now that Sherlock in fact did exercise, but not that much. Not enough to explain the almost effortless way that Sherlock could run and jump like he did. Right now all those things put together made Sherlock look like an.....an angel....and John lost his breath for a short moment. Overwhelmed by happiness.....”He is mine!”, John thought, “That incredibly handsome and gorgeous man is my husband!”
And the angel tried to explain about how every living thing in the whole Universe was important...and how intelligent life had its own even more important role in it all.
But as Mycroft closed the door to the bedroom, Sherlock let his dressing-gown fall to the floor. Oh God....he was naked.....and Sherlock knelt down and held the cane for Mycroft to take.
“Please, Sherlock. Let me speak. This is difficult for me and....and I need to say it. I can't ask you to forgive me, because it would be to much to ask. So please...let me speak and explain without interrupting?”
John nodded again, “And you forgot...or deleted ...that you had had a real dog, didn't you?”
Shortly after Sherlock managed to return, John Watson married Mary Morstan and they had a daughter, Rosamund Watson. Mary died, as Rosie was still a baby, but it turned out that her first 'death' had been false and she disappeared for a while, before she died for real.
And then John got up on his feet and began to undress. Sherlock was told to remove his pyjama bottoms. Either totally off or only partially, and keep both the T-shirt and the dressing gown on. He chose to take the pyjama bottoms off. He didn't feel naked, even if his lower part of his body was partly exposed. The dressing gown was enough to ensure that. Just like the sheet had been so many years ago.
Greg nodded. He had had a suspicion that that break-down that Christmas of almost every internet-connection in the central London, had not been an accident, but been on purpose.
Sherlock frowned and John explained, “There were special doctors for that. Specialists....and even now a days it is often performed by doctors in Asia. There were devises to put up in the arses until the prostate gland could be touched through the 'wall' and then it was massaged through gentle movements. Or it could be performed with the fingers. The massage did milk the secretion out of the gland and out through the cock. There were special medical couches where the men could lie, face down, with their knees bent. And it was very decent, only the necessary parts of the body were exposed, only the buttocks and the anus in between. And they were not totally wrong with their ideas about the prostate massage. It could prevent some diseases..”
John moved so he could take Sherlock’s face between his hands...even if his shoulder was a bit sore: “Now you listen to me...and you listen very carefully, Sherlock. I. Didn’t. Mind.......actually it was the best sexual act I’ve had for years......no actually... the best one forever! You can top from the bottom so much you like....This was about your needs.....not mine...and that I got the best mind-fucking sex as a bonus....well...I’ll be happy to repeat that every moment......I love you Sherlock and I’ll try everything in my power to show it! You have done so much for me....I’ll just try to pay you a little part of that back!”
Mycroft had turned towards John and Greg, “And I need you two as well.”
Sherlock was born in 1978 and died in 2068.
“You'll need after-care...and I still fell that I've forced you to be unfaithful towards John”, said Mycroft.
Mycroft nodded, “I appreciate that you would do this for Sherlock and I am a bit surprised, I'll have to admit that. Even if I disagree about you not being a good parent. But consider it done. And about the wedding. May I suggest something?”
ruled Russia and didn't want to cooperate. Later he threatened to start a war if the Chinese wouldn't join him. He wanted more resources.
“You must know, Sherlock, than when you returned - I almost hated you. No, I
Mycroft frowned, “I've been here all the time. Sometimes so close that I've almost suffocated you.....so what do you mean?”
And then John got up on his feet, grappled Sherlock's hand and dragged him up on his feet too.
Back in the bathroom Sherlock was very careful about calculating the right amount of time for the enema. There was no reason to put John through the same ordeal that Sherlock had endured. A small bit of humiliation, even more because Mycroft could be watching, would be all right. But the main goal was for cleanliness.
John just looked at Sherlock. He had heard Sherlock's 'never mind' now two times and finally John understood.
John nodded again and said, “Yes...but what has this...”
Sherlock just sighed.
John paused a few seconds before he continued, “I want you naked and kneeling beside the bed.....and I'll give you a choice. Choose the cane or the riding-crop!”
that I shot Mycroft!”
The first to walk their own way was
And John, who honestly thought that he was dreaming and couldn't be arsed to fear the angel, interrupted, “Yeah...I know. First thing you've always said is 'Fear not..”. No what I mean is why don't you look like the real saint here....and why have you chosen old grumpy me as a template?”
__________________________
And Sherlock answered, “You know that. Poison in his lotion. A poison that could have been made on a kitchen-table with just a minimum of knowledge of chemistry...”
And the last call was to the young doctor Sanderson. To tell him that John had died and Sherlock intended to follow him....and that the house now, with deed and everything, belonged to him. The doctor didn't try to persuade Sherlock from committing suicide, just like the priest and the DI hadn't tried. Actually, they had had that conversation years ago.....and even if it was 'in contradiction to their jobs', so to speak, they could fully understand Sherlock's actions.
From https://arianedevere.dreamwidth.org/63351.html
Mycroft took a few steps back and looked at Sherlock. Deduced him and decided for the cane after all. Mycroft had been in that place in his own mind, where everything was in place and good and in order. Where he himself was sort of floating, not because of endorphins, but just because he was in charge and knew exactly what to do. In 'top-space'.....and as a good 'Dom' he knew it was more about Sherlock than about his own needs. It did surprise him a bit, though, that neither of them felt a need to talk. But it was not necessary. Sherlock was easy enough to read.
“Oh for God’s sake,” interrupted John, “Kiss each other, dammit!”
“Your daughter!”
“Oh...I'm sorry. It is not my business. And I'm very impolite...”, and Mycroft did blush a bit.
“On the outside.... nothing. You were in that hospital bed. Weakened. Hooked on a IV, that we later found out was tampered with. You wouldn't believe, what was revealed during the last month! But more about that later. You had the weirdest hallucinations: talked about fighting a man and falling into an in-door swimming-pool. Shooting Lestrade and killing him in a weird flat filled with strange items. You walking under the shark-tunnel in the London Aquarium and it did burst and you almost drowned. You and me on a boat, that did burst into flames in the London Harbour.......all sorts of crazy things. And none of it happened for real, because you were in that hospital bed. My best guess is that that substance you took, or that someone gave you, somehow had interfered with that Baskerville-drug and just opened for all the false information-carrying memories...”
“Yes.”
“Well...a minimum knowledge of genetics would have shouted that fact to the heaven. How she could have believed that I wouldn’t notice....She must have believed me to be total daft....and I think it is the worst part! I have blood-type O rhesus negative and how Mary would explain baby Watson to have AB rhesus positive....well that is beyond me. The baby’s eyes turned brown too. Yet another thing Mary couldn’t explain. Of course I had it tested...without Mary’s knowledge. I wonder if she was a nurse after all, or else she couldn’t honestly have expected me to believe any more of her lies. The little girl....she was innocent in all this...and I might have learned to love her. She was adorable after all. And of course I felt sad as she died of “cot death” only two months old. But to be honest....I wouldn’t have stayed even14 days after that. I only stayed in my marriage because of the baby. Everything that woman did and said, the way she smelled, the way she made her hair, her makeup.....it had changed since the birth of baby Watson....she wasn’t “Mary Watson” anymore, but someone else. A woman I had come to hate...to despise!”
He looked at John, “I understand if you… maybe... would hesitate to put your body in my hands. But I assure you, it is about your needs, not mine. I have no longer a need to control anybody sexually… I’m just offering you means of relaxation. Not exactly the way it works for me… But something that would work for you, without pain!”
John nodded, “Oh yes. He is going to owe us so much because of that. So much.”
Sherlock began to giggle a bit and John, who was a bit hurt as Sherlock apparently didn't take him seriously, said, “What?!”
Mycroft had smiled, “You were listening after all. No...not in Bulgaria. Here in England. You, John, are going to attend the 'The Afghani Veteran meeting, founded in 2000' in Birmingham and Greg is going to the 'Yearly assembly of retired London police-officers'.”
, as you tried to get Sherlock that pardon. The politicians might be idiots. Unthankful idiots, who forgot who saved them all from being blown to confetti-pieces that November. But the Queen didn't forget. And she hates to be ungrateful. She knew exactly whom she should thank for still being alive.....So, Mycroft Holmes. Couldn't you please reconsider that knighthood again, and persuade John and Sherlock to accept theirs too?”
I found this old book, and decided to write a diary. Maybe someone is going to read it out in the future. I hope it is going to be us: Homo Sapiens Sapiens. If not...then don't bother reading!
She looked at him and asked, “Colour, Mycroft? Do you still want to try them?”
Sherlock needed a moment to collect himself, “Mmmm...what? Oh yes. Since university. It was a dare...a challenge. I thought that the holes had closed long ago, but as I …well, I did....I pierced Mycroft's nipples and just came to think of my own. The holes were still there., even if they had contracted. And that is why I have bars in instead of rings. Rings would be to thin and to dangerous.....risking tearing...”
“And you would have taken all of it? Everything on that list?”
Sherlock paused a bit before he continued, “Eurus somehow got me and Sherrinford mixed up in her damaged mind and she tried to hurt me. At one occasion she even slashed me with a knife. Not badly, but enough to make me bleed. And I didn't understand, because I had deleted what Sherrinford had done to me. My parents found the drawings and thought that curly-haired boy to be me and saw of course what Eurus did to me with that knife. And to pile more misery up, Redbeard, who was indeed a real dog, got ill and Father had to drive him to the vet and father returned empty-handed. I broke down. Refused to get out of bed. Refused to eat. Of course I reacted so extensively to Redbeard's death, because of what Sherrinford had done to me, but the grown-ups misunderstood.........and then 'Musgrave' caught fire. It wasn't Eurus.......but everybody thought so. I know now, as a grown up, that it must have been the old wiring. Knowing what I now know as a detective. Reading the clues. But Eurus was brought to an institution, because she tried to harm herself and everybody remembered when she had cut into her own arm to see the muscles. And of course Mycroft would remember her weird answer 'which one's pain?', because it didn't make sense. The doctors at the institution, she was brought to, couldn't find out what had happened, and Eurus refused to eat, drink and speak, and they harmed her even more by forcing her. To her own good, they thought, because she would have died from dehydration otherwise. But her weird behaviour did mask that she had been raped and abused. She curled in around herself, just like a see-anemone and just lately, as a grown up, she has begun to 'unfurl' and register the world around her. She is still not speaking though.'
“Sherlock is not a child, John. He is a grown-up-man. He can take care of himself..”
“You did what?!”
What the contents told was that the 'creature' 'Thomas' had disappeared out into the moors and had apparently lived there as a shepherd. He was never discovered by Victor Baskerville.
And Mycroft closed his eyes, arched of the couch and white spurts erupted from his cock. That was the moment where Sherlock swiftly did put first a needle through Mycroft's left nipple and then the right. That pain prolonged Mycroft's orgasm...and he lost consciousness for a few seconds.
He smiled again, “So I'm forgiven?”
John continued, “At that time we didn't know, that we couldn't trust Mycroft, so when one of his cars came to bring you back to Baker Street, we both, you and I, got into that car. Culverton showed up and said something, that didn't make sense to me at that time, but apparently made sense to you, as he scared the shit out of you...and then I followed you back to Baker Street. At that time we had still hope that Rosie could be cured.”
“Exactly...”
Mycroft moaned even more and said, “Please, Sir. Let me come, please!”
“Yeah...I know.....and well....now we come to one of the “elephants”......you seemed so...untouchable.....so cold and distant. I realise now it was your armour against the world...a bit like your coat....a strategy: “I better attack with my acerbic words before someone attacks me”....Am I right?”
John moved and now stood behind Sherlock, who was facing the mirror: “I know, Sherlock....even the fanciest of models only see their flaws and failures and seldom understand why people find them beautiful.....But you are. Your paleness makes a beautiful contrast to the darkness of your hair and the red of your lips...”
' . Always the assumption that everything I did was totally right, and what you did was wrong. And that I was a saint: I did 'everything' in this flat. I did the shopping. I cooked. I sometimes did the small amount of laundry, because most of it was sent out of the house to the professional laundry-company. I yelled at you so you would clean up 'the mess' on the kitchen-tables. And 'the mess' was usually your experiments that was your work, that gave most of the income to our mutual household. I might have earned enough money to the rent and the food and the cabs. But you paid for the rest. And you did the rest. The more invisible parts: taking care of insurance. Paying the other household expenses: internet-connection, heating, electricity, when things needed to be repaired and so on. You called the plumbers, the carpenters, the electricians.....and things were just mended when I returned from the clinic and thought you to have been lying on that bloody sofa since I left. And maybe you had sometimes, because you had stayed up most of the night, working or playing the violin, because I had a nightmare.....and I was so blind! I even asked Mrs. Hudson if you had ever cared about someone...and it was right under my own bloody nose!”
But Sherlock refused to talk more to John and Mary as well, as she returned shortly after. Just turned his back to them and pretended to sleep.
Sherlock did hide his head in his hands, “I don't know! I've lost hours and afternoons. Thinking I was on the couch, but in reality I had been fetched and had implanted memories. I would always have a headache afterwards.....and why should I get a terrible headache just lying on the couch?!”
John nodded. He knew too well too, how adults, who should have taken responsibility, did choose to close their eyes and pretend that nothing serious had happened.
The appearance came closer and the glow diminished a bit, so John could see the facial features of that being....and he discovered that he was looking at himself. But as always when you look at yourself and not in a mirror, the picture is somehow a bit wrong to your own eye.
He stopped and looked at her, “That is why Sherlock and I always had talked about how much and with what, when we needed the pain. Maybe it was not wise to wait until we were almost desperate, before we called each other. Maybe you and I should....”
Greg knelt behind Mycroft and ordered him to move his legs. Greg positioned a pillow under Mycroft's hips and pushed Mycroft's legs forward and out. Lying like that Mycroft presented and showed his hole and Greg took a firm grip around those sore buttocks and licked a broad stripe from Mycroft's balls and all the way up to his back.
John had gotten up on his feet and had hugged Sherlock fiercely as he had said, with tears in his eyes, “I hope that the angels are listening, because I pray with all my heart that we'll finally be allowed a lot of time together and that we, near the end.....”
Mycroft paused a few seconds and looked out into the air, “That Sherlock did chose to sacrifice himself and kill himself....that was not the expected outcome of that scenario. From that point the staff had to improvise a bit..”
“No...he was my superior. It could have got us demoted. No...some... others. Two. And it didn't last long. I wasn't joking when I said to Mike, that I would be difficult to find a flatmate for.”
John smiled back, very fondly, “Sherlock. Being a masochist is not 'being a freak'. 'Normality', sexually seen, is something that often pushes the limits laid down. What you and I are doing, is deadly dangerous in other parts of the world. Hell...Alan Turing and Oscar Wilde were accused of 'gross indecency'....just to mention a few. And now only a few lifts an eyebrow over that. And sadism and masochism....As long as it is between two grown-ups and is sane, safe and consensual, I'm fine with it.”
Sherrinford and Euros looked at eachother and back at Mycroft, who had looked at bit confused a few seconds and now smiled broadly, “I told you! He is just as smart as the rest of us...just in another way!”
Sherlock couldn't help but begin to catalogue the scents: cinnamon, orange, thyme, lemon and a lot of others. All together making a nice connection to all things nice and warm and pleasant. A bit like the scent John had, of tea, his aftershave and shampoo and his own unique scent that always made Sherlock feel safe and cared for.
Sherlock interrupted him, “It was only once!”
John didn't say anything, just nodded and Sherlock continued, “And if drugs are out of the question, and nicotine doesn't work.....and it doesn't work to exercise....if running or Ashtanga-yoga don't give the wanted result. If meditation is....”
John could feel how his own orgasm was close and he ordered Sherlock to touch himself..
Mycroft smiled: “Not for everyone, John. Not for everyone!”
I have altered the time-line in the Star Trek universe, to make it fit with Sherlock's time-line:
Sherlock paused and tried to recall all the people he hat made sure of ended in jail...or just were 'removed'. He had only killed a few men himself, but had asked others to take care of some killings too.
“And Rosie....”
And the world turned around the sun a lot of times and Rosie and Hamish got children and so did Rohan and Elisabeth, and Sophie and Eshan, and like that the extended family grew. And there was still room for everyone in the summer holidays and around Christmas in the houses and mansions in Scotland.
Then John bent down to suck at the left one...and felt something against his lips. He lifted his head and looked again and then he asked, “My God, Sherlock. Are you pierced?”
Sherlock nodded and said, “I had tried to kill myself in front of your eyes, again. I came almost too late to save your in the well and I...panicked and didn't manage to say anything more clever than 'please try not to drown' while I desperately tried to figure out where Eurus was, so she could tell me where you were..in time. I...I couldn't just search for you randomly, but I didn't manage to tell you that. Just my stupid, “try not to drown”. I thought that was the reason why you fled and never wanted to see me any-more...”
John nodded. He had an idea where Sherlock was heading. “And '
All the way during John’s and Mycroft’s conversation, Sherlock had listened and not uttered a single word....but now he couldn’t control himself anymore. The look on Mycroft’s face!! Sherlock loved his brother and was very thankful for all the help Mycroft had given him...just as Mycroft loved him in return....despite their ongoing banter. But to see Mycroft looking like that! Hilarious! And Sherlock couldn’t help giggling: “Oh God Mycroft...you have underestimated John from the first day!! He is not a goldfish......how could he be that with 2 medical educations and a military one? Go on John, tell Mycroft what you have discovered.....And no, Mycroft....I haven’t said a word!”
John took a deep breath, “I'll ask you to listen to me before you say something. OK?”
“I did not panic!”, had Mary said and her expression and her tone of voice had been so similar to Sherlock's at Baskerville, that John had burst into laughter. And as Sherlock and Mary looked at him with the exactly same expression of confusion on their faces, it had taken John several minutes...wheezing of laughter, to tell what had been so funny.
___________________
So one month before their wedding, Sherlock turned up at Baker Street after having done Lestrade a favour with a case not ranging higher than a 4 and therefore not needing John to attend, to find the door to their bedroom closed and John sitting in his chair with a smirk on his face.
“I agree. Being here now was worth every pain and heartbreak.....Oh God I love you so much, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock was working as an agent and was under-cover and pretended to be a much younger exchange student from England as he lived by the Hudson’s. One night he defended Mrs. Hudson as her husband did beat her and got beaten instead. Sherlock wasn’t investigating Franck, whom everybody just assumed was a “small fish” in the drug-syndicate that Sherlock was investigating. He decided to revenge his beating by digging up more about Franck Hudson and found so much: murders, ordered killings and so on that Franck ended up in jail and the electric chair. Franck had not been a “small fish” but the top-predator.....the leader of the whole syndicate.....and he would apparently have gotten away with it had he not taken his anger out on Sherlock!”
Greg smiled and kissed him, “I can see the tension in you. You can claim that it is otherwise as much as you would like, but you took the fair share of the burden of planning this wedding, even if you claim that your parents did the work. I know you....and you have worried so much, that Sherlock would be hurt because of David Garrett...”
“It is getting better, “, said John.
*YOU GIT..YOU KNOW PERFECTLY WELL WHY I GOT THAT NICKNAME. I’VE NEVER HID THAT PART OF MY PAST. AND I’M GLAD THAT YOU ARE NOT A VIRGIN!*
Sherlock took a breath in through his nose and exhaled slowly.
John hurried towards Mycroft and asked almost out of breath: “Has something happened to Sherlock?!?”
Sherlock turned his head back again, John gave him a hug and Sherlock continued, “And then when the case was solved I would return to the flat. Before I met you, I would be on my own. When we lived together it would often be to a flat, where you would be too and after I had to ...leave, I would again return to an empty flat. And now several scenarios could play out. Depending on how much I've pushed my body, how long I've gone on sparse food and sleep.....”
But then John finally came to his senses and didn't hear what Sherlock had planned more.......saying everything in that voice that was pure liquid velvet-like dark chocolate, like a jaguar's purring. A voice John was sure could make him come on the spot, if he listened to it much longer. So Sherlock's voice was muffled by a hard kiss, that soon turned into moans as the two men stumbled towards the bedroom.
My name is William Hamish Adler-Holmes. I am the biological son of Sherlock Holmes and Irene Adler. Adoptive son of Mycroft Holmes and I have just been to the funeral of my father. Yes....that 'Sherlock Holmes'. He lived and died in Sussex together with his husband through many years, John H. Watson-Holmes. Yes, that 'Doctor Watson'...from the books. And now it gets a bit complicated. My mother was Irene Adler. Yes...that 'Irene Adler' from the books, even if John didn't stick totally to the truth writing about his and Sherlock's adventures. My early childhood was spent in Berlin, where my mother lived with her wife, Katie, and when I was very young, I was adopted by Mycroft Holmes, because my father was abroad as my mother needed him the most. And Mycroft Holmes needed an heir. That was the time where Sherlock had to pretend being dead to save his friends and where he fought criminals all over the world. They were a part of a vast criminal network and my father managed to disturb them so much that it took quite a time for that organisation to recover. In reality it never did. Sherlock was almost killed near the end, but managed to return. I don't know so much about what happened and if you think that it is the truth written in the books about 'Sherlock Holmes and John Watson', then you are wrong.
“How does it feel?”, wanted John to know as he continued to massage the gland ever so carefully.
“Well...the ring on your finger...even if you wear it on the right hand by European tradition and not on your left hand as by English tradition......Andrea does the same thing. Even if her ring....with a small diamond....could be interpreted as just a piece of jewellery. But the very discreet patterns engraved in both rings are the same, thus making them a pair. The way you two interact and the fact that I’ve have sensed the scent of her perfume in this house and on you.....well and actually that you didn’t refuse that it was the fact....right now! And her true name....well if you didn’t want me to find out, you shouldn’t leave some of her books in the guest-room: “Dedicated to Andrea Holmes from.....”....well it sort of gave it away, didn’t it?!? But you are not living together?”
“Oh...”
“Well”, said John, “A film-manuscript. That was a surprise. But if I'm the first to say something.... It stinks, Eurus. You might have been a good therapist. Even a good actor, acting to be all those different persons and that rather convincingly. But a writer! That you are not....There are plot-holes in that story at the size of galaxies. And you can't just borrow all those tropes from other horror-movies. One...or even two, can be allowed. But I've counted at least 15: The Ring, Saw, Shutter Island, The Silence of the lambs, The Shining and several James Bond movies.....Just to mention a few. It is bad and sloppy writing.....”
“Promise..”, whispered Sherlock and the last thing he felt before he allowed himself to sleep was, John's hand gently stroking through Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock stopped and then he asked, “Are you very cross with me, John?”
“It was not only words that could trigger a memory. Drugs...chemicals were involved too. Some of them injected to reinforce the memory-process and some to 'delete'. Just that...'delete' never really worked. Just stored the memory. Sort of in caves under my 'landscapes'. If it makes any sense? And now I remembered almost everything...or at least had access to it.”
As John began to apply the cream on the welts on Sherlock's buttocks, a surprisingly strong hand grappled for his wrist and Sherlock said, “Stop, John. I'm going to need the pain. So don't ease it away...”
Sherlock nodded and sighed, “It is a long story and a pathetic one too. Are you sure you want to hear it?”
John shook his head, “What do you see, when you look into the mirror then?”
After a few seconds John managed to say, “No...if I'm going to fuck you....and I'm very willing to put my cock into your utterly delicious hole, then you'll have to ride me. Your gland is over-sensitive right now and you'll have to be in charge!”
He turned towards Mycroft and there was a glint in his eyes. A glint that some people might have seen as their last sight, before they were killed, and for the first time, Mycroft realised that Sherlock might indeed be more dangerous than Mycroft himself. And thank God for that...
John nodded, “And I helped her. That is the worst part now. Knowing that I've hurt you so much and caused you so much pain. I'm still so terribly sorry...”
She laughed, “I came when you came, I only had to touch myself a few strokes, before I had an orgasm too. As I said: I want to keep you here...tethered to the wall.”
“And where is Mycroft now...and why isn't he safe?”
“Sherlock is in a hospital....wounded. Who would get suspicious if he caught a lethal infection?!”
And then she turned and walked away saying: “Sit down boys....Sherlock’s regulars will come down soon. He has been missed!”
Now John was actually laughing, “Challenge accepted!”
_________________________
“He moved back to the States and was later killed in a car-accident.”
John shook his head, “No way. I couldn't have told her anything. I didn't see her until several days later and that last time I saw her, I didn't say much, before I shot her!”
Rosie would be of at her day-care-family almost every day. They would be able to take her with short notice and if it was very urgent, Mrs Hudson would get up in the middle of the night and take care of her until one of the parents from the day-care-family would turn up to fetch Rosie. Sherlock and John were very picky about which cases they would take. 'Playing it safe' as John would say. That didn't mean that they weren't called to a crime scene with short notice, but it meant that the cases weren't as dangerous any more. Or at least 'appeared' not to be dangerous. But after 'Moriarty'/ Magnussen/ Mary were gone and Culverton behind bars and with Mycroft being very careful, other villains seemed almost tame. No semtex-vests strapped on innocent people. No flats blown to debris. No one blackmailed politicians into suicide. No suspicious deaths at hospitals. Just people being murdered for all the 'normal' reasons: jealousy, greed and pure evilness. But for the moment there were no mad serial killers and no megalomaniac media-magnates.....and no Mycroft to fuck everything up in his own way, because Mycroft kept a very low profile...at least in John's and Sherlock's life.
“Yeah...we won.”, said John and kissed Sherlock again, because how could he resist those lips? That face?
John looked a bit sad. He didn’t have so many fond memories of his alcoholic father.
“Well in that case...someone has been waiting for you, Sherlock.”
John closed the manacle around Sherlock's right wrist and said, “I'll give you 6 with the cane.....and you will thank me after each one!”
John took a deep breath, “I've altered what I could alter: I have lit scented candles. I'll serve tea, wine and cakes. In the living-room and you keeping your clothes on and me being almost naked. Do you get it?”
______________________
And Sherlock turned his face so he could look John into his eyes and said, "
Someone must have heard him, because that person entered the room and turned on the light. Just a dim one. It was John!
“Wow...” was the only thing Greg said and then he pointed at the reports again, “But don't tell me that you and Sherlock had planned to shoot Magnussen that Christmas. I can understand the reason for doing it. It doesn't just look like something well prepared...”
“Sir”?!......well. It depends....where am I going?”
Sherlock frowned, “Why don't I remember?”
“So...the bath is ready, Sherlock. I’ll help you.”
“If she is around...and she often is.... Then she’ll take care that I eat something a bit more healthy...and then I have cakes smuggled in afterwards. Even if I think...no.... I know....that she knows!”
“Yeah. I know but Orson Scott Card built his book on some real events, that happened here in England and in USA in the 40'ties and 50'ties. In the 30'ties both the Americans and the Russians...and other European countries, did experiment on making super-soldiers and super-leaders...”
John smiled back, “Oh...I must sort of have forgotten that 'Molly Hooper' became 'Melissa Hundly Johnson' as she married that guy from New Zealand....What was his full name again?”
The young man smiled, “Now I'm curious...what can you read about me?”
Sherlock and John were happy in Sussex. Sherlock finally had the place for his bees and made thorough studies and even managed to save the brown bee from the virus that had threatened that species of bee all over Europe. At least in apiculture the name 'Sherlock Holmes' was more known for books about bees and for saving the brown bee, that for being a consultant detective.
And Elizabeth was kissing him, “Welcome back”, she said.
“It is 'sir' and very well.”, was John's answer as he suddenly realised that it maybe was cruel not always to give Sherlock what he really needed: real pain and the throbbing the following hours and days as a reminder. Sherlock had accepted John's reluctance....And just giving Sherlock bodily sensations instead of real pain, was maybe like giving people apples when they in reality needed a steak.
When he came back forty-five minutes later, Sherlock was stark naked, collared, his head bowed, and kneeling in the living-room. In front of him was the senior cane. The one Sherlock hated the most. The one John used for real punishment.
When they left the club and headed towards 221B Baker Street it was with a spreadsheet of Sherlock’s preferences, a lot of good advices and a quite selection of high quality “tools”.....floggers, canes, whips, nipple-clamps, wax, leather-cuffs with Velcro so one could get out of them...not easily...but with some effort, cock-rings and various adjustable harnesses and leather –straps.
“Is not out of the question. We'll just have to be discrete. I would like it to continue...You are better at it than Sherlock. And he is rather good at it.”
Strangely enough there could be a freedom in letting another, that you trusted totally and even with your life, make all the decisions. But that part of their relationship was always inside the walls of their apartment. And John didn't have qualms about Sherlock bossing him around a bit, while they were on a case. It had taken a lot of time before John had realised that Sherlock didn't boss John around, when it came to subjects, where John had knowledge and Sherlock not. But John had been blind in that area too, and had had the wrong feeling that Sherlock didn't appreciate John's knowledge.
Pinning Sherlock's arms over Sherlock's head with one hand...and it was only possible because Sherlock allowed that, John was very aware of that fact....John pushed one of the pillows under Sherlock's hips and began to lick his way down Sherlock back towards his crack. As John had to let go of Sherlock's hands, he ordered Sherlock to hold on to the remaining pillow and not move, and then John used both his hands to spread Sherlock's arse-cheeks and Sherlock yelped and asked, “Oh my God, John...what are you doing?”
Sherlock pointed at the journal, “It doesn't say. Just 'woman D'. I'll probably never find out. And it doesn't really matter as she has no genetic connection to me...and supposedly never saw me...”
Sherlock was in the middle of the bed with Mycroft and John on each side. Sherlock was drowsy and almost asleep, Mycroft and John were still awake.
Sherlock frowned, “He doesn't look like that...”
Mycroft did blush a bit and cleared his throat, “I didn't threaten her. I just told her what I would have been capable of: ruining the careerer of her husband-to-be. Telling the court exactly how many times she had had an affair. And that could be enough to question her ability as a parent.....I'm sorry Greg, but she started many years ago....”
Now Mycroft's face came into Sherlock's vision, “Well. First and foremost you are safe. This is a private hospital and the threats against your life ...have been dealt with. But it is a long story and you need to be patient. It is going to take some time, before you'll be able to hear it all...”
He looked at her with a frown, “Sherlock..yes. His mind is more amazing than mine. He could do my job, but I could never do his. He can heighten his senses and notice everything and connect the invisible dots. I can't. I've been a shitty big brother, because I've let my envy shine through and made him believe that he was not worthy of love and care and my admiration. My 'excuse' was that I was damaged too, but not as bad as he was. It took me years to find out what had happened to him and Eurus....and then it was too late. And I've always envied him his body. I have to work hard to look as I do. He
Sherlock nodded as he continued to feed Rosie with the spoon. After all it was important that she got something to eat, even if it was educational for her to try on her own, “Yes. A part of her 'burning my heart out”.........
John chuckled as he looked down at his pants-clad cock, who had moved a bit in interest as John thought about Sherlock’s delicious body.
John had turned his attention towards Mycroft and had wanted to know, “In Bulgaria as well?”
“You are a very wicked man, Mycroft Holmes...”
He removed the syringe, the tourniquet and the box. Arranged Sherlock’s body so it looked like Sherlock just had died in his sleep in the chair. Then he kissed the forehead of the old man and whispered, “Good bye...’the world’s only consulting detective’.”
I said that I might visit how Mycroft had to pay for his mistakes regarding Lady Smallwood. Here it is. How I imagined that it did happen. It got a bit longer than originally thought. And there are new tags added to the tag-list.  Beware: this is tough stuff even if Mycroft fully accepts it. It is totally consensual.
John answered: “Well, well the framework for normality is not exactly narrow.....so....do you fuck corpses? Molest children? Or do you like to eat scat or drink piss? Or slice people to pieces and eat them? I think they would be my hard limits!”
“I told you!” said the voice.
And suddenly John understood, “Oh...active agents. That is the reason why your brother 'hates legwork'. It is not because he couldn't imagine doing it, sitting in safety behind his fine mahogany desk. It is because he had done to much of it...”
Sherlock shook his head, “No.....I know that I had not exactly been hit with 'the ugly-stick', but he was the handsome version of me. The scientist's might have mixed genes...eggs and sperm, because Sherrinford and I.....”
“No....as long as he didn’t catch anything.......I’m just a bit puzzled....why did you then assume that sex would alarm Sherlock?”
Sherlock turned his head towards John...and removed his hand: “It wasn’t you, John. Not this time. It was me!”
And then John understood, “Mary?”
John stopped, “Yeah...you are right. It was just once. And you were testing me, right?”
And Sherlock obeyed. Grappled his own legs and held them and almost bent himself in half to give John better access.
But that had only been once. Normally the collar would quickly take Sherlock to subspace when it closed around his neck.
John just frowned and didn't say anything and Sherlock continued, “I was in Tibet after I had finished high-school. Before I started at the University. I was there for 6 months, teaching English in a monastery, like a lot of other young English people often do. We have an agreement between several English schools and several monasteries. In Northern India and Tibet and Nepal. I wasn't the only young English person in that monastery and we were not only teaching English, but were taught several things in return. Meditation was one of them. That is ..if we were interested.
“I want to! Sherrinford's ghost has haunted me for so many years. It is time to end it. So....”
“No...because I couldn't be there for him. And it did pain Mycroft that it took him so long to get into a position, where he could outmanoeuvre Magnussen and get me back to England. Mycroft had thought it to be just half a year, maximum. But in reality Magnussen just let Mycroft believe that he had been outmanoeuvred. Magnussen made my brother dance. The only miscalculation Magnussen made...well the three miscalculations to tell the truth, was to underestimate Mary, to underestimate my ability to survive....even if it was a miracle...and to underestimate my willingness to die again, to save you and Mary and Mycroft. That did cost him his life in the end. His 'hubris' was punished...”
Sherlock screamed and almost tore himself out of the restrains as he came...and came...and came. Long thick spurts erupted from his cock. It had grown more and more erect and at a point the foreskin had totally given up covering the almost purple head. Mycroft had been very temped to put his mouth on that delicious sight, but he controlled himself. After the last weaker spurt, Sherlock slumped down with a lot of his weight held up by the restraints.
With everything in place Sherlock went upstairs to their bedroom. Knelt down on the floor and found the little box hidden under one of the floorboards. He got back on his feet with some trouble. After all he wasn't twenty any-more. He opened the box and found the syringe and the vials.
“No Sherlock. You misunderstand....I know that your life hasn't been easy either. But right now.....” John grappled for Sherlock's hand again, “Right now you choose the 'easy' way out too. As if you believe that it wouldn't affect anyone at all, if you died!”
She smiled back: “And you, Dr. John Watson are a very remarkably man!”
Sherlock frowned, “Yeah...how did you know that?”
And as Sherlock actually felt Mycroft's hot semen inside, he tippled over the edge himself and he had his second orgasm.
“But it doesn't make it easier to watch Rosie die, Sherlock.”, said John.
Now John actually giggled: “You could have fooled me, Sherlock. That part....I would never have guessed!!” And the sarcasm in his voice was so thick that you could walk on it. He continued:
John, who had had his fair share of nightmares and who had experienced Sherlock’s share too, as Sherlock returned from Europe...and Serbia...and the rest of the world... after Sherlock had jumped off that blasted roof of Bart’s....did indeed know not to touch Sherlock. Just as Sherlock had known not to touch John when he was hardly awake from his version of dreaming hell, so John was in the beginning just standing there...and used his voice to soothe....and ground....Sherlock: “Hey; Sherlock. It’s me.... John. You are in London...you are safe. In Baker Street!”
