Once, just once, Sherlock reached over the arm rest and gave John a friendly squeeze on the hand. "We're going to be alright," he assured John, although he had no idea what he was trying to say, or if it was true.
"Ahh. Alright." Sherlock laced his fingers together while steepling his index fingers and pressing them against his lips, as he liked to do when considering an especially trying puzzle. "You're frustrated that you aren't married. You were hoping to be a high ranking military officer by now and being invalidated from Afghanistan ruined your career…"
Lestrade was staring at John in shock, his arms encircling Mrs. Hudson who looked horrified. Molly stood behind Lestrade, looking suspicious and ready.
eager to see my friend."  He went back to pacing, wringing his hands in front of him. He tried to  take deep, calming breaths. He turned around and around when someone  approaching the BSU lobby doors caught his attention. He looked up. The  lobby door opened and John saw a familiar face. "Hey John."
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
"Maybe John gave it away," Sherlock suggested. "It was an expensive phone, so maybe he traded it for something he needed, however it's unlikely, seeing as how he had a pension check coming to him. Maybe someone stole it from him. Maybe someone mugged him or killed him and took whatever they thought was valuable, but I think if he'd been obviously murdered, his body would have been found by now and we'd know." He circled the kitchen as he thought out loud. "Maybe he was planning to commit suicide and he gave the phone for someone else to discard for the specific purpose of making his body difficult to find and recover, leaving us all to wonder." At that, he paused and looked at Lestrade. "See the logic in that?"
"Mmhmm," Sherlock acknowledged, his mouth full.
And so Sherlock stopped kicking, stopped trying to claw his way out of the boot. Because statistically,
John  waited.
John's nose  wrinkled at that, but he continued to say nothing.
Sherlock folded his arms in the dark.
John almost laughed and quickly felt bad about it.  "God, no. What are you talking about?" Really, it wasn't the suggestion  that Sherlock was effeminate that was ridiculous, but that he was
Willis Hill's vision of time travel was more like hypnosis. It had to do with the
Lestrade sighed. "John isn't a….a
relationship with
No. No. No.
"What?" John demanded.
“That’s fine, that’s fine,” Sherlock assured John, standing up slowly as well, watching John carefully.
"When you just…obliterate me."
Donovan hesitated, about to close the door. She said, "Tell him I said 'Hi.'"
Sherlock's friend. He doesn't have
Sherlock gave John a puzzled look.
Sherlock wasn’t expecting to be hugged. Reflexively, own arm encircled John’s shoulder. He wasn’t sure what to do after that. John had given him a squeeze, so Sherlock gave John a squeeze back. Then he waited to be released.
was one of them. He was a bigot, he was among their ranks. He didn't run a hate website and he didn't seek out gays to bully, but it was attitudes like
John waited until Sherlock was almost done. He eyed the other man carefully, his gaze zeroing in on the back of Sherlock's neck, white skin above his shirt collar below a thick patch of curly black. Just as Sherlock was starting to rinse his hands of suds, John stepped closer, heart thudding, and kissed that spot, softly, close-mouthed and chaste, and then pulled back a fraction and held his breath, waiting, to see what kind of reaction he'd provoked.
Once, Sherlock spent two hours sitting on the railing of a bridge next to a middle aged banker who had threatened to jump. Surrounded by police, Sherlock just sat next to him. He didn't coax the man off the railing or plead with him or promise him things would get better. He just listened to the man's story. Then he analyzed it and began listing all the pros and cons of suicide, given the man's situation, and made his recommendation. Then he warned the man, in detail, what death by jumping-off-a-bridge would feel like, what the man could expect as far as 'Will it be instant?' (It wouldn't) 'Will I feel anything?' (Yes. It will be terrible.) Sherlock knew these things.
Sherlock winced, realizing what he’d said. “What I mean is…you should have a genuine interest…not a…um…”
be  insulated? Are you ashamed of being gay? And please explain it to me,  Sherlock; how the
"Well, what did you mean, then? It's not like I can picture you…changing diapers or fixing supper. I certainly can't see you getting up for midnight feedings. Exactly how do you think you can contribute, if not to lord over me and do all the fun stuff…and…and just
Sherlock got up, shut off the gas, opened the windows. He went back to bed, thinking he could still die from an overdose, thinking maybe he should call for help, but feeling too ambivalent to dial his phone. He'd be sectioned off, and then his life truly wouldn't be worth living. If he died…well, he'd die. And after all, John had already asked for Sherlock’s soul to be spared. He’d be fine. John had vouched for him.
John thought a moment. "Well," he said finally. "We could get a bigger place."
John took another drink. “Not ready to move past it right this minute. Besides,” and then he waggled his bottle, “I
level, for Sherlock to be any different now showed very poor judgment on  his own part and left him feeling acutely guilty.
Just as  they began to go inside, the door behind them flung open loudly. Both  men turned and their faces fell.
) Perhaps it was merely her personality to always wear a reliable uniform. Sherlock looked down at his own black coat and his blue scarf, his dependable suit.  He understood uniforms. His was black, hers colorful. They alluded to very different inner demons.
"That's...a shame," Donovan said with begrudging sincerity. "He was…really, something. When he wasn't a total ass, he was something."
, right?"
"You might feel different," John said. "Like you said, maybe you won't feel like a freak."
Sherlock's  fingers unconsciously twisted in his night robe, pulling the material  into knots. "You already know what I'm going to say. You
Mrs. Hudson dragged a chair close to John and sat down in it, leaning her head down close to his. "He was so excited when he met you. He called me up one afternoon. Said he'd take me up on that offer for the flat because he'd found someone to share it with, that he wanted to start moving in right away. He said 'Mrs. Hudson, he's an
Sherlock hesitated, pen in hand, poised to write.
Later, much later, Sherlock  tapped on the glass. "Can I have my phone back now?"
John added, “Not to mention the number of perfectly healthy minority children waiting endlessly for available homes. All the while, pictures of helpless and lost looking children look back at me. Deformed bodies, cleft palates, expressions dimmed from fetal alcohol syndrome. Faces twisted in some cruel defect or another, all there…to…to induce guilt and shame.
Lestrade opened the taxi door for Donovan. He said, "Sherlock will never work up the nerve to go to Harry's."
She didn't stop. She passed through without pausing.
"It's quite alright,
He was ignored. Mummy Holmes continued on.
“No. That’s
Mycroft  said; "He didn't want to be gay, John." He pointed at the gun in John's  hand. "That is him telling you that he hated himself, that he was going  to punish himself, purge what he thought was a devious, repulsive
They didn't stop to  pester him. They continued walking. They chuckled to each other and  continued to mock him, their voices growing distant and mercifully  inaudible…but not before Sherlock heard one asking the other if they  thought Sherlock was here for his monthly AIDS test.
He's  reaching out to complete strangers. He was chatting up the nurses like  they were old friends. It was terrible."
Sherlock chuckled.
“You don’t mean that,” John said sitting down at the kitchen table. It was a small, white table with four little chairs. Mary picked it out. She liked white, painted wood. John didn’t, because he could never remember to use coasters. There were rings in the wood. He grew up with 1970’s midcentury, Masonite Swedish furniture, and you didn’t need coasters to protect it’s finish. In the end, he let Mary have whatever she wanted, because he’d been so grateful that she loved him. And even though she was dead, and even though she’d lied and he should be angry, he gently traced the water stains on the paint and thought fondly of her. Love did things to you, against your better judgement, against logic. “I know you and Mycroft didn’t get along and there was some bad history, but he was your brother.”
Lestrade hesitated on the phone. “Sherlock? Is that you?”
. He didn't feel the  need to tell Mycroft he was right.
a good reason to adopt a disabled child, then?”
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
With a sigh, Sherlock went to the threshold of the kitchen and waited glumly, feeling boorish. As he walked, water ‘squished’ in his socks.
…," he jabbed a finger into John's chest to  make a point, "…I let them trash talk Sherlock right to his face. I let  them because I didn't want one of them to get fed up and tell the chief I  was breaking the rules. I've always known it was just a matter of time  before one of them went over my head and,
"No," Lestrade said.
After much internal deliberation, Sherlock posted his letter to
To John, that was terribly  bothersome. He expected that, with all the effort it took for Sherlock  to come out to someone,
Sherlock,” John said, looking smacked for having to spell it all out. “The only thing they’re unsure of is whether it’s partial or total testicular failure. Nonetheless, even if there
John's focus remained completely on Molly. "What did you two talk about?"
"Scotland yard is utterly outclassed," Sherlock declared mischievously.
in himself, something he felt took away from his brilliance."
Sherlock said, “John, it’s a drama as old as human kind. If you spend your days lamenting the stupidity of human kind, you’ll end up like me. Let it go. You’ll have your opportunity.”
.  Sherlock had changed into a person he didn't know. Now John didn't know  what Sherlock was capable of.
used this door.
Laughter drifted across the restaurant.
“I hope not, because I can hear them getting up.”
“Oh.” Sherlock thought. “No, that’s not necessary.”
"I'm not saying you
“What?” Sherlock snapped.
Willis Hill died a few years later, but Sherlock continued on with his experiments alone. Acutely alone.
The younger Sherlock was slightly taken aback by the ready admission. "Well," he went on. "I can assure that John will be
. He's a smashing success and a gifted detective! Ask
Then Mycroft let go of John  without harming him. He gently smoothed his hand down the side of John's  neck, over John's shoulder where his jumper had rumpled, almost  affectionately. He cleared his throat and smiled, almost as if to say,
it won't because if it
“And I’m glad you called me tonight,” John said. “I’m glad you’re here.”
John said, "Nope. I don't want to start sharing my most personal feelings if you're going to dismiss them with an abrupt 'Boring!' three minutes from now. Yes, I'm feeling a little down. I'm sure you can infer a dozen or so reasons why, and most of them will be right and I can still spare you all the tedious little details."
"It's
Sherlock nodded. "Fair enough." His fingernail dug into the heat guard and he began to peel apart the cardboard. "Still. I'm sorry about what I said. About clutching pills on the bathroom floor and putting on a brave face to come to work. I said it to hurt you." He paused. "I don't know why I would want to hurt you."
“Come inside, John,” Sherlock beckoned, nudging open their front door.
Lestrade had beckoned  Sherlock to hit and run that didn't sit with him as being quite so  random. As Sherlock flew out the front door, he texted John and demanded  he leave the clinic to assist him. John came promptly (as usual) and  was miffed (again, normal) that there wasn't a true emergency  that really justified his leaving work (A typical day, really. Could be  any day. Today it was Thursday).
know what to do." Lestrade sighed and walked towards the door. "I'm  going in. You coming or what?"
“Apology accepted.” She casually picked up her menu and began to look it over. “I think I’ll have pancakes.”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "Well. It didn't sit in a trash bin for two months. The cameras didn't capture a still of John in the park?"
Molly blinked.
Sherlock said gently, "Please don't let the hearing go on. Even if John is found innocent, his reputation will be ruined forever. If people in the medical community think he's violent towards gays, it could cut off opportunities for him, close him off from some circles. He isn't like that, Mycroft. John is the sweetest person I know. We just had a spat."
Billy returned with two large, steaming plates of pancakes. He set them down in front of Harry and Sherlock. They were steeped high with obscenely large pancakes, dripping with syrup and butter.
“There’s a lot of data corrupted. I’m still processing it.”
" smile she was familiar with. For one, his authentic smile revealed teeth. His eyes squinted a bit, his chin ducking down, like his happiness didn't know what to do with his face.
, one that's old enough to understand being abandoned. 'Where's Papa?' 'Papa left, junior, I'm so sorry.' 'Why doesn't Papa love us anymore?' 'Because he's a heartless twat who thought having a baby would solve a problem he had with himself.'  You
John kept reminding himself of this. Every day, he  told himself this. Sherlock came out to John because they were friends.
"Oh," Sherlock answered out loud to his brain. "Yes. Yes. That's the thing to do."
Harry paused when Billy returned to the table with a pad and pen. “Sorry it took me so long to get over here,” he apologized. “It’s so busy. What can I get for you two?”
bedroom is more logical, because it separates a wailing infant from perspective clients–no, no, no, that wouldn't do,
John stared at Sherlock, dumbfounded.
Molly's  eyes were puffy. "They're not
Sherlock said, “That’s…an interesting life philosophy: Fuck ‘em all and wish them well.”
to understand. You were better than that. Above that."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock said, “John, just because your sterility has made you feel inadequate doesn’t mean you should devote your life to the care of a disabled child. If you feel ethically compromised by taking advantage of my brother’s help, we can go on a waiting list.” He perked up, leaning back so he could look John in the face. “It will give us time to get the house in order. I’ve been meaning to ask you if you were interested in taking parenting classes. I don’t know the first thing about warming bottles or changing diapers…what?”
Sherlock was on his back on the kitchen floor, his bottom lip busted and bloody, looking stunned. His left fist was twisted in John’s ripped cardigan, the other was covering John’s trembling, bleeding fist. Sherlock’s cigarette had rolled away and was still smoking somewhere under the butcher block.
This isn't a
"You're right." Mrs. Hudson smiled and dragged the fabric over John's knuckles. "They're clown colors. You'd have to be really,
“I let myself in.”
Sherlock's head sank. He was familiar with this feeling of futility.
John took a deep breath and squared himself. "The parents' love for each other should be the bedrock of a family. If nothing else, it should be the foundation for a relationship. If you and me can't work, then a family with you and me definitely won't."
but I do sometimes and it instantly transports me back to my childhood when I ran up and down her stairs and her big old house was a mystery and it took my whole hand just to wrap around one of her fingers. And soon you'll be clutching the hand of your own toddler and one day
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
John said, being bold, "You really, really want it, don't you?"
or spent a Sunday at church, was crying out for God's intervention. To Sherlock's knowledge, there had only ever been one other such instance and that was when John had been shot in Afghanistan.  When Sherlock heard John's miserable, shameless cry, he knew they were both going to die.
Sherlock planted his hands on his hips indignantly. "I was just…volunteering my help. I wasn't…suggesting…being a
"Yes."
"What did you do?" Molly asked seriously.
"You have fun with that. I'm going to bed." John  turned out the door.
Sherlock’s most frequent request from clients were cheating spouse inquiries. As a rule, Sherlock never took these cases. One, because adultery wasn’t a crime so there was never a resolution. Also, because it was always so
Soon, his shower was done and John stepped out and toweled himself off. He dressed himself and combed his hair and, finding himself marginally acceptable, he padding out into the flat in his slippers. Sherlock wasn't in the living room or the kitchen. "You still here?" John called, wandering towards Sherlock's bedroom. He peered inside and there was the consulting detective, laying on his back in the middle of the bed, staring up at the ceiling, phone tucked under his chin, forgotten. "What did Lestrade have to say?" John asked.
As John finished his second helping, he wiped his mouth and sat back with a contented sigh. "My compliments to the chef."
Molly disappeared under the table. Her gasping laugher was the only evidence of her presence.
Lestrade sat quietly over his coffee. He said, "If you value the friendship that you
Sherlock offered John a coffee. “Oh, it wasn’t for a case, it was for me.”
"He should go then" Molly said. "So he doesn't say something hateful to Sherlock."
“With a staff meeting, you twit.” The phone grew muffled for a moment. “Everybody say ‘hi’ to Sherlock.” Lestrade was followed by a chorus of familiar voices from the homicide team: “Piss off.” “Fuck you, freak.” “We’re trying to work!”
Sherlock’s whole being sang:
John, just beyond his reach.
Everyone turned around to see Sherlock and his mother walking down the hallway and into the visitor's center. Sherlock looked as harrowed and miserable as he had ever been. His mother didn't look too pleased, either. She was rigid and indignant, walking swiftly ahead of Sherlock.
Sherlock froze.
. The cover up was…clever. And the way you….you know how you…I didn't mean….the
Sherlock's mouth twitched. He looked down at his feet uncomfortably.
John said, sitting up straight, “So you think of a handicapped child as an
"You're just a
.” He shook his head. “Like all those couples today. Selfish, self-centered brats. Adults who never grew up, adults who never grasped concepts like responsibility. Cheating on each other like it’s nothing, and they have
John nodded, his eyes  closing. "I know. You don't have to…I know."
"Nonsense!" Mrs. Hudson said,  squeezing John's hands back. "I have to tell Sherlock how proud I am. I  need to tell him how much I love him and it can't wait!" She tugged  John's hands, planting a kiss on John's forehead. "There's no such thing  as an inappropriate day to celebrate Sherlock Holmes! We should thank  God for each and every day we have with him, especially since we were so  close to losing him. Come on, let's go inside and tell him!"
Lestrade looked confused.  "Then you take it outside and throw some punches at each other until  you're mates again. What is wrong with you? Don't you have any  brothers?"
you a
? This isn't about women? This is about
. I don't want to play games."
"I know," Sherlock replied, equally calm, twice as calculating. "Let's discuss our reasons."
Sherlock thought on  that. Then he asked, "Well, what if the two things are related?"
And it said it
Angelo’s air conditioning unit rattled above the door, but it was a welcoming sound. When Sherlock stepped inside, he felt like he was stepping into a refrigerator. He paused at the threshold, surprised, savoring the blast of cool air. His eyes fluttered closed. It was heavenly.
John entered the flat slowly.
of you."
why we
Sherlock cocked his head. "Of the baby? Of course." He smiled broadly. "Like I would want to keep you away!"
Sherlock took a deep breath. "John. Don't stand there and wish you were gay."
, his
John  leaned forward. "You're just being a miserable bitch. Well, I don't  like it. I don't like how you're
John shut his eyes. "What…if…I
libido? Get off me. You’re being stupid…” Yes, of course John, with his conservative upbringing and traditional views, would believe some kind of sick nonsense like he
was an abomination. “John, I could never feel anything but love for
Now John really appreciated what he'd done: by betraying Sherlock's trust, he'd deprived Sherlock of his only safe harbor.
Harry stepped into Angelo’s, looking around. She spotted Sherlock right away. Sherlock rose fluidly from his seat to acknowledge her. She nodded and quietly snaked her way between the tables.
Either Willis could send Sherlock back, or Sherlock could direct himself back. But he was never gone for more than a few seconds at a time and the results were always unpredictable.
do you think of me, John?”
“Because the last time you were this out of your mind, you were.”
Sherlock's skin was crawling at it all.
Sherlock turned up his nose and jutted out his chin.  “I have no desire to intentionally bring that kind of heartache and sadness and….
Mycroft said, "No need to defend  yourself John. I'm not interested."
, and if they can't do it, then we really are done!'" Harry looked over her should. "That's when the relationship ends. Not when you sign the divorce papers, but when you let the
"What?"
child?”
Molly said, "That's because nobody likes  you."
John didn't respond.
?" Mycroft asked after her sullenly. "Is this good-bye?"
the man, but to
Sherlock was horrified.
Sherlock didn't turn around. He  scowled at the wall. Fucking
Mycroft  didn't need to have John arrested. Mycroft had his own agents, his own  methods. No. He did it to humiliate John. He did it to parade John in  front of Lestrade's homicide team, in front of all of Scotland Yard, as a  punishment and a warning: Here goes John Watson, the bigoted homophobe,  the boring cripple from Afghanistan.
John wiped his mouth, his smile re-emerging. "Apology accepted."
In the time he'd been granted, John finished moving the remainder of his belongings from the flat he'd shared with Sherlock for two years.
"Me and Molly take turns, playing the parts of strangers and clients and acquaintances, and teach him how to hold a conversation without casually insulting people. It's really hard."
"I'm sorry."
"Obviously." Sherlock's mind was already a million miles ahead, thinking about the nanny screening process and braces and
John said, "Of course. We suspected you might not approve. And you, with your influence and resources, could be terribly disruptive. And this means so
Sherlock concluded that Harry was literally the devil, the
Sherlock taunted, “Come on then. I’m waiting.” He took his cigarette out of his mouth and tapped it, letting the ash drop on the floor.
Molly smiled and asked, "Did it work?"
John asked Molly smugly.
settle down," Sherlock pouted, padding away on  bare feet, tying his robe around his waist indignantly. He actually had  no problems with the phone policy or the nurse. He just wanted to  engage her and hear her talk. She wasn't friendly or hostile or  interesting, just sitting at the end of the hall watching the door, the  phone and her coffee mug and her visitor log. But her voice was
Older Sherlock went on, "You were perfectly willing to swallow this before, so you shouldn’t have any hesitation now." He handed it to his other self.
So now Sherlock took night classes. Aeronautics. Electronic engineering. Arabic. Physics. Sculpture. Astronomy. Sign language. Just to pass the time. Crime scenes and cold cases had long ago lost their appeal and Sherlock only solved cases now because he felt obligated. He couldn't remember the last time he was happy, or excited. Going to school didn't thrill him either. But it was something to do and he never actually did finish university. It was sore spot on his pride that he was
"We're going to be stuck with just pasta for dinner until we get some cash flow."
, was he mindful? When he was  an effacing, condescending snot or when he left deteriorating body parts  in the crisper?
“Is having a baby with
friends with Sherlock, just so you know," Molly said. She didn't sound defensive or snotty, but she said it firmly and seriously in a way that suggested there was no room for interpretation.
"Well," Sherlock said, "we can state our preferences, if we have any."
John was still away  when Sherlock returned to the flat. It was very late and Sherlock had  expected John home by now. He resisted the urged to text John. The good  doctor would come home when he wanted.
…is to be called an 'idiot'." John nodded emphatically, not even noticing Lestrade forcing him to sit down. "If that's the life for you…if you like being called stupid…if that motivates you, if that's your idea of friendship…you know…he's all yours." John put up his hands. "I don't want that life anymore."
He never really knew John.
As Billy left, Sherlock cautiously settled back down. He was dumbstruck. “Why?”
," Sherlock explained carefully. "Do you understand? I don't remember thinking them up. They came naturally. And the urgency to not break them came naturally as well. I never questioned my own state of mind. I never questioned the rules or the results. Until one day."
Sherlock's mind was empty.  There was usually a great deal of chatter going on up in his head, many  experiments running their course, many observations being catalogued and  departmentalized. But there was only one word in his head still. A very  not nice word.
your sister’s
"On fire?"
Sherlock said, "I'm not a stranger to slurs and  verbal abuse. You aren't even the first person who's called me…that.  That word has never haunted me before but with your insult, I  could see Donovan and Lestrade and Anderson and everyone else imagining  me in the throes of some filthy, degrading sexual act they smugly assume  I've tried. The snickered knowingly at me, as if they're clever,  as if they've deduced something about me. But their assumptions  couldn't be further from the truth. I wanted to scream all morning,  proclaim my innocence and curse them for thinking I'm just another  shameless, mindless, rutting animal like they all are. But by the  time I was finished being shocked, I realize I'd wasted hours on my  embarrassment rather than on the crime scene."
They placed an orders and left with bread, peppercorn turkey, smoked ham and swiss cheese and two bags of crisps. As they walked side by side in the fading dusk with grumbling stomachs, John finally said, “Do you suppose she was his mother?”
"He does. He thinks the world of you."
the reason. Commercial surrogacy…"
But somehow, in the midst of all those cases and with Sherlock dominating his life for so long, he hadn't been paying much attention to politics. Unbelievably, the war was over.
"If you know it doesn't help, why would I want to bother?"
“Well, obviously it has to be you!” John purred.
Sherlock leaned against the door jam, arms folded.
mind and my own personal sense of justice. I know the difference between the blanketed, blind, fair-for-all way the justice system handles criminals…and how a man should treat another man, one-on-one. I can forgive John if I want, no matter how unpalatable you find it, no matter if it smacks of domestic abuse." Sherlock went on, "I know you still have the mind-set of a police officer. But I don't need protection. I am aware that what John did was wrong. Nonetheless. It's in the past and I'm ready to move forward."
John said, “It’s not
Sherlock just sat in stunned silence for a moment.
John launched himself off the sofa in pursuit of Sherlock. "Goddamn it!"
John lived with Sarah for a while. John loved Sarah very much. And after Sarah gently told John she wanted him to leave, John still loved Sarah, but now he loved her from far away. He forgave her for not loving him anymore, just as he'd promised. He loved her for the rest of his life and never had another girlfriend.
They both looked around, unbelieving it was over.
“I want it,” John plead, smoothing his hands up Sherlock’s neck suggestively. “Jesus Christ, I’ll do anything.”
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
John turned around, tense, holding Rosie closed.
handicapped child?”
“I’m tired and I don’t want to talk.” Sherlock called.
Sherlock frowned.
relationship with
Then John died.
"Okay," Sherlock said, sitting in an empty classroom with Willis Hill.
John's shoulders began to relax, feeling like he'd finally gotten his point across. He resumed brushing his teeth.
"I'm almost done here," Sherlock assured him, nodding at his computer. Studying the computer screen, he said quietly to himself, "I'm just a fucking nothing to him, I'm nobody. Just a pathetic cripple he picked up for kicks."
Sherlock hummed in approval. "You're a good brother."
"Found in a rubbish bin in a park."
John rubbed the back of his neck. "Couldn't…I dunno."
John was gathering the sharp shards of glass and moving them away from Sherlock.
“Nothing for me, thanks,” Sherlock said coldly.
"An instinctual compulsion…"
Sherlock smiled. “Thank you for giving a damn about
explain it then, hm?! All these… these…primal…instinctive urges…this desire to procreate…all being tickled and gratified by this artificial stimulus?
case you drag him to? Will you give up being a detective in order to keep John safe?"
Lestrade offered, "Well, yeah, he has hundreds of fans,  too. All the responses to his post have been very encouraging. People  love him for it."
He stilled.
John  napped restlessly through the day on the couch.
you?"
Sherlock was so preoccupied with thinking about all the different ways he could throw this in Mycroft’s face, he hadn’t noticed that John had leaned forward, right into Sherlock’s personal space. “I just…wow,” John breathed warmly, and he was so close that Sherlock could feel the heat of John’s words brushing his cheek. “I can’t believe you. We’re really going to do this. And it’s going to be ours. I mean, really, really ours.”
"Molly," Lestrade urged quietly, walking to her. "John needs to just sit by himself for a little while. Come with me." He extended his arm and touched Molly's shoulder and together they went to the other side of the room.
John looked Lestrade  up and down. "You look…pretty happy for a man who just walked away from a  comfortable pension and a steady income during a recession."
The  next day, Sherlock waited anxiously for John's response when he  returned home. John never mentioned it.
“What?!” Sherlock’s knees felt alarmingly weak. “John, absolutely
John tipped back the last of his wine. Some of it gathered in the corner of his mouth. His tongue lapped out to catch it. "When Harry first came to me and told me she was a lesbian, my first, instinctive, gut-reaction was, Oh, great. Yet another thing she can throw in mom and dad's face, another thing she's doing for attention. She made it so easy for my parents' world view to look normal, even though I know it was oppressive. I could have just written her off, right then and there. I was so sick of her constant drama."
John grunted painfully. He turned away from Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson and walked off directionlessly. He jammed his hand in his pocket to still his fingers and distract the shooting pain in his joints and as he did, his fingers curled around the
And so it deteriorated from
"Sarah,"  John beckoned timidly, reaching for her. His aching hands found  Sarah's. His fingers slid into hers. But her fingers quickly slipped out  of his, Sarah glancing over her shoulder at John, recoiling, her brows  furrowed.
He couldn't afford London on an army pension.
It was instinctive. To step forward. To want to touch Sherlock, embrace him and...but the motion died almost immediately when John's movement drew Sherlock's attention. Sherlock's eyes found John. And the way that Sherlock very subtly…very subtly…shrank back, eyes wide made John shrink back as well. The two men only briefly looked at each other, both expressions uncertain, but in that instant John knew everything he needed to know:
brother. How nice to see you." He walked about the room absently, jauntily. "Go head. Gloat." He spun around once to show off his hospital frock, his robe. "I'm in a mental hospital."
Sherlock picked up a napkin and patted the corner of his mouth. “Harry. It was a pleasure to meet you.”
John didn't turn  around. He just stood silently at the top of the stairs.
“I do,” Sherlock said. “You just called him a spineless little shit. You’re accusing him of having an affair with your ex-wife. If it’s true, not only would I expect you to hate him, I would say you’re feelings are justified.” He was bewildered. “I don’t even know how you can manage to keep up the appearance of civility!”
Sherlock just stared at the man. "Okay. With you so far. Not only is time travel
When his skin was sufficiently pink, he rinsed the soap away and came out of the shower, his hair wet and dripping and flat against his scalp. He reached out blindly for a towel, not checking if it was his or John’s. John might complain later if Sherlock chose the wrong one, but Sherlock didn’t care. Towels were towels and he didn’t see what was so revoltingly unhygienic about sharing. The idea about bathing is that you were supposed to be
," John interrupted, no longer amused.
John  ignored the tea, not because Sherlock had made it and he was mad at  Sherlock, but because he was hung-over and dizzy and never really  noticed it. Quite frankly, he couldn't remember much of the night  before.
"Exactly," Sherlock said, smiling. "He's in hiding. He gave the phone to someone else who threw it away and he's hiding somewhere."
"Why don't you have texting enabled on your phone?!" Sherlock demanded irately. "My messages keep getting sent back to me! What are you? Some kind of anti-technology, knuckle-dragging luddite...?"
John said, "Yeah. That really hits the nail on the head."
“I’m trying to give you a chance to explain yourself,” John said.
Sherlock said, "They're just difficult. And other people's children are horrible because they take such offense for how you speak to
he whimpered. He generously soaked himself. Once the cold water soothed him, he slinked away from the sink, dripping. He blinked in awe of his own stupidity, at his mess.
"Just like that," Sherlock confirmed.
It seemed…invasive. It seemed like a broken family.
Sherlock rolled over with a groan, smothering his face with the union jack pillow. No. He
He stood up from the couch, yawning and scratching his hair. Other than the kitchen light, it was black in the flat. There wasn't a clock around, so Lestrade couldn't guess what time it was. He padded across the flat to the kitchen doors and pushed them apart, blinking sleepily into the light. "Hey." He saw Sherlock had a steaming mug.  "You make enough for two?"
the memory Sherlock wanted to be confronted with at this  vulnerable moment.
She stopped suddenly on the other side and turned to look at him.
Sans conclusions, he was merely left with a sense of deep dissatisfaction and the feeling of impending doom. Although he was not used to ‘going with his gut,’ he was quite confident that the morning, best case scenario, was a waste. Worst case scenario…he’d dug his own grave by meeting with Harry Watson.
Sherlock,  he told himself. They were best mates, brothers almost. And this  experience had bonded them. But John...just felt…right or wrong…he had…
put you first. It's always the work.
Sherlock face lit up. He jumped to his feet, buttoning his jacket, eyes already on his coat on the hook by the door. "See now? That's the spirit! In fact, there's a charming little murder-suicide I read about this morning that doesn't sit right with me. I thought I'd phone Lestrade and see what details he was keeping out the papers…"
"Me too." He paused. "But I was there when Harry turned off the machines. But. By then. He'd. Lost his...sparkle."
That Sherlock's eyes just…happened to be closed for whatever reason, but John was only a few feet away.
John sank back in disappointment.  "I don't understand why. I'm
Mrs. Hudson  pranced in happily, throwing her arms around John. "Oh, John! Isn't this  exciting? Sherlock came out on his blog! I brought my camera."
"Hmph!" Sherlock rolled off the bed, straightening his jacket.
"How do you feel?" Molly asked pleasantly. "You look better."
Sherlock's face fell. He settled back down in his chair.
trace amounts of sperm, it’s not enough to….um, the result is the same. It’s not enough to fertilize an egg.” John swung his legs over the couch and stood up. “So. That’s that.”
He checked the phone again. Nothing. He dialed John again:
for me, to resenting me, to feeling sorry for me, sorry enough to step  in a shoo away some
“John.” Sherlock was standing at the edge of the archway, looking down the hall. His eyes were wide.
They walked a little farther. John said quietly, “You’re welcome.”
Lestrade said, "So…I  made a commitment. It was in my head, but…I thought, I'll correct my  team. I'll keep them in line. I never should have let it get out of  hand. No
John's teeth were tightly pressed together.
John was sitting in an oversized arm chair, incapable of getting comfortable. He crossed his legs, uncrossed his legs. Put his hands up on the arms, folded them in his lap, sat on his hands. "So, here's the thing."
Sherlock stood up. "Here, I have a lighter in my pocket." He made his way across the sitting room.
but he didn’t.
"Wait." Sherlock tried to jerk his arm back. "I don't want to go. What is this?"
"Pity." Sherlock up-ended the bottle and let the pill fall into his hand. "There were…things I wanted to do." That he said very quietly, more to himself than to the other one.
"It's not!"
"Come on, I thought it was a
And all Sherlock had to do was lay still. It was okay. Because John had done it. And Sherlock was not about to be outdone by John Watson. And this was an okay place to die, this quiet place, and he couldn't ask for better company and in a moment, Sherlock felt a boot crushing the back on his neck, crushing,
John shouted again, "Sherlock? Are you alright?"
Sherlock waltzed by without so much as a “good morning.” He gathered up their abandoned plates from last night, the silverware, the glasses. He didn’t move towards the kitchen. Instead, he went to the waste bin next to the writing desk and dramatically dumped it all in the garbage. The glasses shattered. At least one plate broke in half. “Dishes are done,” Sherlock said simply, marching back in the direction he’d come.
"You're not going to make a big scene are you?" the nurse  asked.
could do it? How long could I cook before jumping? And if I was
John was about to retort that he just hadn’t had time to meet new people, when he realized something. “So, you know that I went to your house?”
He hugged Mary close and said, “You’re too good to me.”
“Come on then,” the boy shoved Sherlock, “show off your trick for our fearless leader over there.”
John felt Sherlock’s tail coil along his leg to gently pull it to the side. Sherlock nestled between John’s thighs, kissing and licking his way across the golden flesh he revered so much. He reached a nipple and held it delicately between his sharpened teeth. John froze underneath him. At first, Sherlock only chuckled. Then the dragon let go to look consideringly at John’s chest.
, whispers the Voice in his head. The last time he had heard it, he'd been staring at the Browning in his lap before Harry drunk dialed him.
"Don't have a misplaced sense of sentiment John. The money went towards the terrorists they tried to stop in the first place. Have to respect clients and all."
He watches as his love interest and, hm, colleague snog each other while he takes off his blazer and his shirt. Naked from the waist up, he picks up the tiny bottle and goes back to his original position in front of John. Sherlock pointedly clears his throat while setting the tube within easy reach. He's getting impatient. It's his turn now.
Jim moaned loud enough for John to hear him around the roaring in his head. He could feel Jim’s cock press against his pleasurable spot in short thrusts. Sherlock’s heavy length pulsed against his tongue. Saliva leaked out of his mouth in his struggling effort to breathe. His husband’s grip kept him from turning his head and his unnatural weakness prevented him from pushing those pale hips away.
John attempts to seize the opportunity, wrenching a wrist free and reaching underneath his body to try and give himself a quick tug.
There's been a few doors, but all of them have had the fake white wall and concrete floor, giving away what kind of rooms they were.
The boy was caught off guard by the interruption, but the anger had no time to emerge before Sherlock continued, “What use does a field worker have in the halls of your King?”
“However, you
He pulls away, and there's a flash of disappointment in his body. There's a similar emotion in Sherlock's eyes, and John can't see the surprise in Jim's face. The two men didn't think John would willingly pull away from what he's clearly wanted for a long time. John says, "Wait, Mr. Holmes-"
That night, John slept fitfully, but without any logical reason. All he had was snippets of fingers dragging over flesh and protests being forcibly muffled. There was never any face, or identifying voice. Just teeth and glowing icy eyes.
"Now he's gone.
“But what crime have I committed John? Even these good and objective folk from the village can attest to mine and Jim’s innocence.” Lestrade and Molly both shifted uncomfortably when John looked at them in distress.
Sherlock shook his head, “No. Only nonsensical mumblings as you tried to twist off of the bed. And a great deal of shouting.”
A smile curls over Sherlock’s lips as he replies, “Rest assured that I do, and trust that you don’t wish to know the reason.”
The pinch in his shoulder gets lost in the heat of his drugged mind, making some of it appear to fade away. Desperate to stop the rising inferno, John twists and lands on his shoulder. He cries out at the combined pain, but sighs a breath of relief when his left side is devoid of internal fire. He twists his upper half back and forth, attempting to repeat the action. Every slide against the sheets, every nerve protesting, all keep the worst of it at bay. John builds up his defenses like a dam, but the looming sense that it will eventually come crashing down fills him with dread.
John cursed mildly. He sorted through every excuse possible and dismissed every one. Doubtless Mr. Hope had gone to find somewhere to refill his flask. Despite the close presence of the ale house. Maybe he was visiting a friend. At the dead of night. Perhaps the cold had seeped into his bones and he’d taken the carriage around to try and warm himself and had become lost. In a small village that he’d lived in his entire life.
They were forced to do something they’d sworn they’d never do. Move to the suburbs.
“Sherlock, wait,” and oddly enough the teenager listened, although he faced away from John, “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to embarrass you. Is your family struggling for money?”
There was a series of beeps that didn’t make sense. John asked, “What are you doing?”
It’s the way Sherlock jerks in surprise that reminds John that, once again, he’s initiated. His mind takes a sudden spiral downward, and the pleasant contentment quickly turns sour. John pulls his arms away, about to step back, when Sherlock’s hand wraps around the back of skull.
Sherlock slowly let go of John’s wrist. He didn’t look smug, or proud, only mournful. “There you have it officer. I’m sorry to have brought you and Ms. Hooper out here for such a matter.”
They enter the cab, and it's John who gives the command to drive after Sherlock stutters out a fake address. His man knows where to go. The triumph washes over him slowly. He's done it. He's won. John is here. John is his. John takes his smile and relaxed posture as relief and tries to strike up conversation on their journey home. "So, any idea why a pompous git with an affinity for warehouses and riddles would send someone after you?"
“I’d be delighted,” John said with an ear to ear grin.
“Looks like someone has a very tumultuous mind,” Jim said from beside him. John jumped slightly and Jim laughed at the sight. “Sorry Johnny, I happened to be up keeping my little pet project before you strode in.”
John looks at Sherlock, who has pulled up an ottoman to perch atop of as he flicks his gaze over John’s mostly naked body.
John hazily thought.
When Sherlock's pushed it all in, he turns it on without so much as a stuttered breath.
“Fight now, while you have the advantage. They consider you weak, show them otherwise.”
. Try again John. And this time, please try to do better than an online career quiz.”
“Well,” John was minorly charmed, “he seemed very--”
There was nothing else John could do except to continue. Out in the open, there was nowhere to hide. The sound of heavy wings beating against the air currents filled him with dread. He briefly thought that there was a chance Sherlock wouldn’t notice him, pressed against the mountainside as he was. But he was the lone living thing in this forsaken place, and his sheet was a cerulean beacon against all of the white and black.
“I’ve had a very unpredictable and long night Moriarty. And recent developments have progressed quite unexpectedly.”
Sherlock reached into his jeans pocket and shook out a small baggie filled with white powder. John nearly choked on his own spit. “Is that cocaine?” John asked in startled surprise.
Originally this was going to be titled as "stress bondage" but the content got away from me.
Sherlock’s features tightened. His lips pressed together into a thin line. It was when he averted his eyes that John had his answer.
“I know,” John smiled, his annoyance at being unintentionally manhandled swiftly forgotten.
John sets the mug to the side, breathes in deeply, puts his palms on his thighs and starts with, “I woke up in pain.”
John gaped. He swallowed and tried again, “I really am trying to--”
He curled himself forward until John’s hips were raised off of the mattress. Sherlock kept one hand on John’s waist, while the other rested above the boy’s head. Sherlock continued to stare into John’s warm blue eyes as he rubbed his engorged cock over the Omega’s stretched and leaking hole. He studiously watched as John’s eyes closed and his reddened mouth fell open at the rough friction.
Ignoring the sharp jabs of pain, John kneels in front of the woman to check for damage. One of the men could have hurt her while he wasn't looking.
“The specifics of the narcotics escape me, I’m afraid.” John knew that was a lie. “What I do know is that my brother tried to pump himself full of pharmaceuticals to try and understand what it ‘felt like’. I managed to find him in a heroin den after three days.”
“Snuck out then did you? How the hell did you even find this place? What?” His voice dipped into an exaggerated baritone, “Was it something about the mud patterns on my shoes? The fraying of my jacket? That I didn’t blink in a certain direction?”
Sherlock answered honestly, “After my parents died, and I couldn’t stand Mycroft’s pestering, I tried to find some stability. In a stupid, instinctual response to death I wanted to feel…alive.”
The statue just moved. And it's doing it again. And again. And again.
She shuddered. His words were ignored, or they slid through her awareness like an unwary step on smooth ice. “I’m so thirsty John. Won’t you have a drink with me?”
John still looked uncertain, but there wasn’t much he could do about it. He bowed gratefully, and quickly followed the impatient servant.
John's starting to feel the pressure of time on his head. He needs an exit. Now.
“Are you quite alright?” Sherlock asked, “You spent a great deal of time in the greenhouse, did you strain your body?” His hands roved over John’s hips, checking for some injury.
“You’re in the inn, you were found nearly frozen to death. Can you remember what happened to you?”
“Oh? I wonder how that occurred?”
This night, for all intents and purposes, was a spectacle. And Sherlock applauds John for playing his part perfectly.
The whispers grew in number. It seemed strange to John that with less than a dozen bodies, their voices could be so cacophonous. Truly, it was more that the dead had a great deal to say, and no opportunity to express it.
Sherlock surveys the rooftops, wondering where it could have gone. It might be used to massive brawls, and last nights scuffle could have just been another day of the week to the creature, but it had to get tired at some point. It had to rest somewhere, lick its wounds in relative safety.
“What? No! Of course not!”
, he found his feet and ran for the cavern wall again.
“As much as I know you don’t want to hear this Doctor Watson, you care more for my brother than your engrained social propriety will allow you to accept. Since he clearly feels the same for you, and has made it perfectly clear, with great ferocity, that he is perfectly capable of making his own decisions, then I see no reason to oppose your relationship. Now, I believe my time as a couples’ therapist is at an end. I really must get back to work.”
“But John is more than qualified to handle this on his own.”
John's memorized the number to Holmes' door, and finds it easily. The light is on behind the frosty glass, but John knocks politely anyway. He hears Holmes say, "Enter," and turns the knob.
When he slowly lowers his arm, the creature still hasn't noticed his presence. Instead, it's shaking off the lingering flakes like stubborn drops of water, brushing at his arms to clear the last of it off. He (definitely male) runs his talons (and dear God those things look much more menacing than he imagined when they're this close) through his short sandy-wheat hair.
When John managed to pick up his sense from the floor he asked, “What are you-”
From the assailants Lestrade briefly described, there had to have been at least half a dozen men in this alley. And judging by all of the broken and discarded weapons, the defenders would have to be either equally armed or masterfully trained in martial arts.
“Sherlock,” John apologized in his tone, “there’s nothing wrong with enjoying being appreciated.”
While the process of disciplining John has been heady, it is also exhausting. He gets his minimum of five hours sleep, and each time he wakes there's a jolt of uncertainty that John is not there. That he has escaped, or crumbled beneath the weight of his own mind. But a quick check on his laptop is all he needs to assure himself. Sherlock's not concerned at John's twitches from nothing, or his mumblings of nonsense. He was even amused when John had started humming and quietly singing to some ridiculous song Sherlock had never heard of.
Just a dinner.
Jim laughed, “Worry not John, if it wasn’t completely safe, Sherlock wouldn’t permit it within the house let alone allow you to drink it.”
His punishment is overabundance. Whatever Sherlock wants, he's getting tonight. John's not sure if he can survive the extent of a sociopath's imagination.
The bedroom air is mildly chilly against his skin, causing John’s nipples to harden slightly. He arches into Sherlock’s touch when those long fingers graze against the rising nubs. Sherlock pushes the shirt down, and John shrugs with the motion. For a wild moment, John worries about the fastened cuff buttons, before those are also flicked through their holes. The shirt is tossed somewhere behind Sherlock in the next second, and John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s neck to pull him down for another kiss.
“You…did?” John felt like he could have slapped the kid, and he wouldn’t look more surprised than he did now.
“Not to me it isn’t,” Jim admitted. He held up a hand at John’s betrayed expression, “Forgive me John, I sympathize with your plight, I truly do. But the benefits of having a mind similar to Sherlock’s is that I can understand his motives when they seem perfectly mercurial to outsiders. It isn’t that Sherlock is against your pursuit of becoming a doctor, it’s the threat of you leaving that appalls him so.”
Slowly, the tension in John's shoulders eases up, and he watches as the man undresses in front of him. Jim's own knees are starting to ache against the hard surface of the desk. He shifts, letting both legs dangle on either side of John. He pulls the young man back until he's flush against his chest, idly tracing patterns in the skin, enjoying the show right along with him.
“Yes, that one. Anyway, you’re closing in on negotiations or some such right? About to make a big breakthrough with the trading company? Don’t let John and I distract you, we can find ways to occupy the time, can’t we John?”
The rocking of his world had turned into lapping waves. Slowly, John was lowered to the ground as his legs ceased to work. Distant mumblings droned above him like a hive of fat bees. His eyes roved along the dirty ground, unable to focus on anything. Until he saw a speck of broken glass, glimmering in the sunlight.
His ascent was continuously impeded by small breaks to let his cramping limbs rest. There was no way he could rush without risking a fatal mistake. This high, John could feel the breeze of the outside. He was sure it was more like a gale on the other side of the rock, considering their location up in the mountains.
let me come to my own decisions on anything. Why in the world would you go to that much trouble over something so trivial?”
“Don’t-” Jim snapped before he breathed deeply through his nose. He looked up with a perfectly jovial smile, “Don’t worry about it Johnny. I’ll ring someone to come clean it. We have plenty of cups. Let’s get you sorted first.”
could get some help. Even if that came in the form of a burlap sack over his head and an unmarked grave. At least he wouldn’t have to worry about what to do next if his future was already decided.
me. My first foray into sex also came with the drugs. Before you try and choke out the question, yes, they were also all male. If you want the sordid details then--”
“A crime scene. Well, the beginnings of one, anyway. We’re about to bring a series of crimes to a halt after infiltrating this place, thereby making it a crime scene. I thought I told you this already? Weren’t you paying attention?”
“Johnny!” Jim called out from behind him. John felt his heart clamor in his chest. In the instant it took him to turn around, he crossed his arms behind him at the wrist in a sort of deferential pose that he prayed to the Almighty appeared casual.
So John just admires the patterns of the rain without Seeing anything, enjoying Sherlock’s companionable silence at the same time. When he’s finished, he turns around and leaves Sherlock’s peripheral vision, presumably to go watch television.
It doesn't make any sense. How wonderful.
It was only a few simple words, why couldn’t he admit to them? How was saying them out loud so much more dreadful than coming to the conclusion in his own mind?
He's never seen actual evidence of John's nightmares (the cameras had been for nothing after all), but he knows they exist. A post traumatic army doctor that aches for adrenaline could hardly have a pleasant psyche. The drugs alleviate him from dreams of any kind, but John's demeanor doesn't seem soothed. He just looks, well, drugged. Like his mind is still aware that there should be a battle going on but his body is unable to do anything.
It should leave him overbalanced, the weight making him top heavy, but he clearly is used to walking like this. Though not in a confined space and not with fragile woodwork underneath him. He's clearly used to stone and concrete, which is easily able to support his weight.
"Oh, I already know where you're hiding the files. The gag is so I don't have to listen to you plead just yet."
John has to crane upwards in order to kiss Sherlock. Especially since the man wasn’t expecting the kiss, and therefore didn’t bow his head to meet him halfway. The shock of John’s kiss makes Sherlock stop moving completely.
John expected Sherlock to be sitting up if not standing, fully dressed and ready to finish whatever he started. Seeing him prone, pale, and unresponsive, aside from the steady beeping of the monitor, crashed the exuberant expectation John had been riding.
He placed the plant on its side, back in the bed it had come from. Then he turned around and addressed the officer, “Within your authority Officer Lestrade, I would like to begin my own line of questioning on my husband. Since, I believe, I should be granted such a request. Given the accusations my husband has laid on me, as well as these intrusive inspections, without a proper warrant?”
A wave of vertigo struck John as he stared into the swirling amass of stars.
One of the paramedics stepped forward, hand raised in a defensive gesture, but Sherlock flashed the I.D. he'd nicked from Lestrade when he'd bumped into him for a second time.
It didn’t matter to Sherlock. He normally scoffed at the idea of impulsive decisions. What was the point of doing something if one did not consider the full weight of benefits versus consequences? But he wasn’t feeling logical. Sherlock felt petty.
Sherlock stood, impassively watching. He needed Jim's advice, but he respected the man's warning to never be interrupted during his favorite pastime. Though Sherlock really couldn't see the point in these proceedings. He much preferred the delicacy of a knife and the application of advanced techniques. You couldn't even hear the man scream in this state. Just pained grunts. Boring.
“I’ll prepare it for you, you enjoy your meal.” He set the items down on his nightstand. John huffed for a moment, prepared to go into a long winded speech about he was an able bodied man, if it pleased Sherlock so very much, and could pour his own coffee. But it would be the pinnacle of rudeness to lash at his partner when he was clearly trying to be helpful.
John didn’t know what to say to that, even if his tongue hadn’t clung to the roof of his mouth.
Sherlock’s preparation of his body felt close to glacially slow. John writhed on the sheets, knowing the man loved it when he saw John lost in abandon. He refused to hurry, the long fingers stroking inside of him until John was mad with need.
"John," the voice is questioning, and Sherlock turns John's unresisting body to face him. The man blocks most of the light, so John can't make out his face from the shadow. He blinks up at the looming form, idly wondering what exactly Sherlock plans to say.
Sherlock drew John’s hand away from his face to kiss the back of it. He cast his eyes down, unable to look at John directly as he confessed, “I was being beastly. I of course have no right to keep you from your pursuits. You are your own man after all. In fact, you are the embodiment of all that is good and honorable in such a specimen. I only feared of having that lost to me, and I attempted to covet you like water to a parched throat. I made a promise when I married you. I swore that whatever you wished would be yours if it was within my capacity to give. Jim reminded me of that last night, and I am immeasurably grateful to him for it. Whatever your decision on the matter, I shall support you whole-heartedly. No matter my selfish misgivings.”
John's incredulous smile is flint when he asks, "Seriously? That's it? That's your little pep talk? Roll over?"
The area was home to dozens of plants. Neatly arranged and lined, they were clearly marked with neat penmanship at the front of each plant box with their Latin name. John recognized foxglove, death cap, and hemlock, but a few were unfamiliar. He eliminated a few of the unknowns due to having seen them in pictures, even if he couldn’t recall the name. One stood out from the rest.
He watches them, alert for any trouble, but none is forthcoming. Even when his patrols take him to the seedier parts of the city, everything is quiet. Only the yowling of cats and the flutters of paper mar the silence.
“You were concerned about your health,” Jim waved in dismissal, “any man turns to an explanation that places blame in the name of convenience, even for the most rational among us.”
Sharing the enthusiasm is next to irrelevant. This is about
He traces runes onto John’s skin with his tongue. Words of ‘heat’ and ‘need’, until John is clawing his desperation down Sherlock’s back.
Jim is the first to move, and he starts by undoing the tie that's still around his neck. When he slips it off of his head, he brings over the water that was left forgotten on the desk. He dips the material into the lukewarm liquid, and moves to kneel in front of John.
“You’re safe,” he soothes, “We’re only waiting for the lift. We’re not stopping here. There’s nothing for you to fear.” The deep timbre of his voice is the only thing that has any stability. The velvet tones are the ropes that John clings to in the sudden fathomless pit that has become his mind. And as much as he loathes that Sherlock is the one who did this to his psyche, he’s infuriated with
“Oh. Oh!” John winced at himself. He thought he couldn’t have made his reaction more awkward if he had tried.
It's a mottled thing, an angry red against the pale skin that wasn't touched by Afghan sun. John once had the poetic thought that it resembled a flower. Now, he just sees it as raised skin and deadened nerves. John only registers Sherlock's touch because he's pressing insistently against the center of the scar. John hisses at the pain and Sherlock looks sharply back at him.
“If you must know,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, sighing realistically, “the magics think I’m a terrible influence, so they’re trying to warn you away from me.”
in his nest, John heard a soft exclamation from his right.
Yet there are no rival gangs in this area, and Sherlock would have heard of a group of hand to hand combat vigilantes. Plus, the alley may be wide, but it's not nearly large enough to accommodate approximately twelve men in a serious brawl. At least not without bleeding into the streets, where people would have noticed and called the police.
Sherlock slowly blinked his eyes open as he processed the words. He tilted his head to consider, and abruptly sat up to look down at John.
His name was John Watson, and he had come on behalf of his family. John continued on a tedious explanation of his father’s gambling habits and a predictable death from those he had attempted to cheat. He and his sister could not afford to manage the farm themselves, and had travelled, oh great Lord, to serve—
“Right,” John resumed walking, “okay then. And what crime, exactly, are we stopping?”
Sherlock gently pulls the gag away from John’s mouth. John licks his lips and widens his mouth to crack his jaw.
“Ah, I see,” Mycroft’s eyes slid down to the photograph like they were magnetized to it, “so you believe Sherlock is capable of making adult decisions?”
“Marvelous,” Sherlock said, turning towards Jim who hadn’t moved to get the food. “If there’s enough for two John can have mine, he’s a bit taxed from last night.”
There were words spilling from the both of them. It was hard for John to hear his own speech, for he was left breathless in every moment. Words of ‘mine’ and ‘yours’ floated up above their bodies, interspersed amongst their grunts and moans.
The chill John had been feeling slowly receded, until they shared their heat as easily as they were sharing their space.
By far, John’s favorite part of the estate was the greenhouse.
Sherlock presses play on the iPod adapter, and Concerto No.3 in G Major for Violin by Johann Bach steadily fills the room. Another little detail to set the mood. The man has been watching him this whole time, his eyes never losing their round whites.
"Really," Sherlock sneers and it churns John's stomach all over again to see the sheer amount of hatred on that face, "so it's not that you're stupid enough to try and leave me,
John spun around. Sherlock was leaning against the wall like it was the only thing keeping him standing.
“God, I don’t know, I don’t know,” John muttered helplessly.
"Jim," Sherlock bites out, "you're back sooner than I thought you would be." John's inner panic screeches to a halt.
John looks at him in confusion, and it just occurs to Sherlock that John has never heard his brother's name before. He turns to face the window, an obvious dismissal of the conversation. John doesn't push it. When they pull up to the pub, Sherlock finally gives him a straight answer, "Fine, we'll just have a booth to ourselves. If any of them approach us and attempt to start a conversation, I will loudly proclaim their darkest secrets for the whole establishment. That will probably not endear you to coming back at any point in the near future. Are we clear?"
Tanned skin and wiry muscle was soon exposed to Sherlock’s teeth and lips. Leisurely he made his way down, taking his time over each new piece. Though John was young, he was marked with the scars of the hard working. Here, a slip of faulty equipment; here, an animal that had become too riled; here, a branch switch from a tyrant of a father.
Slowly, ever so slowly, Sherlock slides himself forward. Inch by inch he goes, stopping when John's breathing becomes too ragged. With enough murmured praises and steady inhalations, Sherlock is fully seated in John. The feeling is incredibly, all of that tight, shivering warmth surrounding his length. Sherlock restrains himself from digging his fingers into John's pelvis.
"The Tiger." Jim let the name linger on his tongue, rolling the 'r'. "Now who doesn't want to keep such a wild creature for a pet? But, what's the saying? You can never trust the tameness of a beast?" Jim's eyes sharpened, watching Seb's still posture. "That's true, of course, until you remove the claws and fangs."
close. It didn’t help that he wasn’t sure if these were his own concerns, or ones that were planted by Mycroft’s accusations.
Rather than try and find the breath for words, John arched himself to bump into Sherlock’s stomach. A groan resounded above him, and the fingers spasmed. John tried again. He bent his body downward and felt hot flesh ease out of him, before he slammed himself back up onto Sherlock’s dick.
He's not sure if it's curiosity or excitement that makes his heart thunder loudly in his chest, but John squeezes sideways through the door leading into Sherlock's flat. He doesn't see Sherlock momentarily slump in relief before closing the door behind them with a soft click.
He’d gotten shot.
The title ‘Boy Wonder Since Birth’ blazoned the top in eye-catching font. With a sinking feeling of understanding and dread, John skimmed over the entire entry.
about those answers. Each turn of the page seems to reveal more aggressive red splotches, until his test is practically bleeding with crosses of ink. This is worse than he imagined. And he had imagined it being pretty damn bad.
Mr. Moriarty was quite pleased. John thought the exuberant smile that fit his face so nicely was a little out of place, but he didn't question it. He just took it as his professor being content that his student wasn't going to be moping about in his class anymore.
. That was all that he had to say. He only had to verify what Sherlock had known this whole time, and then they could begin to move forward.
John’s anticipation is now on equal terms with his confusion. His fingers twitch at his sides for want of taking off the blindfold.
“You said before,” Sherlock rushed his words like they were the last ones he would ever say, “you said that you wished things were different. Why? Different for what reason?”
"I wouldn't if I were you," grumbles thunder.
“What, right now?” John looked alarmed.
"I've talked with the owner, and thanks to a mysterious rise in his bank accounts, he's agreed to section off a small portion of the pub for us."
Stunned by confusion, John reached up to touch the thing. Something metallic circled his neck. Sherlock got off of him before John could voice his questions. Then he realized Sherlock was still holding something.
Hell, he’s still scrambling for why they’re here in the first place.
John huffed, but busied himself with eating instead of arguing. He wasn’t done being annoyed at his husband. This odd and childish feud for his attention needed to be stopped. But Jim was a grown man, and he could get over the discovery that he and Sherlock did indeed consummate their marriage quite regularly.
“For fuck’s sake Sherlock! The state of my marriage, while none of your goddamn business, doesn’t matter! Because I’m not attracted to you! I’m not gay!”
“Fuck,” John choked on the curse.
John had his phone out in the next second, but Sherlock stopped him with a hand on his wrist. “John, it’s alright,” he said with a fond smile.
It was a short walk around the mansion, well away from the areas Sherlock frequented, but John relished the chance to stretch his legs. Jim’s easy company did much to banish the remnants of half-heard laughter and garbled hissed words. When they returned, Sherlock was waiting for them at John’s bedside, with a fully formed scowl.
"We're fine," John waves off "we were almost mugged but everything's taken care of now." He's shifting Harry's weight again and Sherlock can't help but ask "How do I know you weren't the mugger?" Instead of getting angry like Sherlock anticipated, John seems to appraise his question. Doesn't like stupidity then, he's glad that someone didn't just take his story at face value. John nods and grabs his wallet from his pocket and hands it to him before swinging Harry back again. A mugger wouldn't carry his own wallet with him, so Sherlock does a quick glance over the ID like a concerned citizen would, but in that second he has his address seared into his brain.
John settled back into the blankets, too weary to try and look for his husband or his friend. Left to his own thoughts, John was forced to ruminate over the increasing number of nightmares he’d been experiencing.
A few minutes passed, and John nearly jumped when he heard the sound of a generator being turned on. He recognized the noise, the telltale whirring of fans and electricity, from when he had been in Afghanistan. His camp didn't have the luxury, but the noise was sometimes found in the villages, where they had individual sources instead of power plants.
But despite Sherlock's questioning and frequent bribery, his Network has absolutely no report on a massively muscled and clawed figure. That doesn't really surprise him. He would've been consulted to deal with the actual monster if anyone had sighted it.
He made his way over to the heavy desk. His steps were swifter, now that he was so close to his target. He went around to the chair’s side of the desk, and dropped down to his hands and knees. His fingers scraped under the seam where the flat top met the middle drawer. He pushed in, and a small cuboid of hollow wood dropped open, allowing a ring of keys to slide free and clatter onto the floor.
He reaches for the door, not wanting to see the disgust just yet (he'll get plenty of that later when he has him alone). Then whips around when he hears "That...was amazing." A snore punctuates his statement and Sherlock belatedly realizes she's been asleep this entire time.
John felt those fingers twitch across his tongue. Jim, preoccupied as he was, still caught the movement. “Oh, are we feeling hesitant all of a sudden? That much worse when it’s your
Sherlock began to look genuinely hurt and John rushed, “Not like that! I just wanted him to get his goons to stop following you around. He seemed to think that having someone ‘close’ to you was better than someone you would eventually spot and slip. So I’m meant to give him updates on how you’re doing every once in a while, that’s all. But I don’t have to. Just say the word and I’ll delete his number.”
“I know that,” Sherlock groused, “the sugar is for my tea. Though thank you for your rudimentary attempt at a chemistry lesson.” The snide remark was dulled by his lengthy contemplation over John’s box of PG Tips.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, not trying to figure it out. He understood this to be Jim's moment to show off. "Your Johnny-boy needs to learn his place." The grin transformed into something much more vicious.
“When?” Moriarty pressed, which garnered a sharp look from Lestrade, but he wasn’t rebuked for it.
Though, it is a bit different when the footsteps include a being that nearly steps
Maybe it wasn’t that the Holmes’ brothers were calling him tedious for trying to cling to a secret that had already been discovered. Maybe it was just that they had seen what was already there before John had known.
“Of course not,” Mycroft said like the very idea was preposterous, “a spy would require payment. And you want nothing to do with my money, isn’t that correct?”
It's all fine.
John didn’t know how many more deep breaths he would need today, but he was surely depleting the world of its oxygen. “I didn’t come over here to try and make myself look like a saint. And I definitely didn’t come to start a fight with you.”
"Goodnight John," Sherlock says, heart hammering when the door swishes closed behind him. Progress.
Sherlock reaches into his pocket, pulling out the syringe and uncorking it subtly with his thumb. "Oh, I imagine to rescue you." He should drug him now, but he wants to see it. Wants to see John's reaction when he realizes what kind of fate he's signed up for. John frowns in confusion "Rescue me from what?"
“I couldn’t agree more,” John smiled, taking his seat. His cup was filled with a dull red liquid that smelled faintly sweet. “What is this,” he asked even while he brought it up to his lips.
They pull up to their flat without anyone having given an address, and John gets out without having to be told. It's not until Sherlock practically pushes him through the door that John realizes that neither of them have paid the cabbie. But when John looks back the vehicle is already gone, and Sherlock has slammed the door. John jolts, and spares a thought for Mrs. Hudson. It's relatively late, so she's probably asleep, which John is immensely grateful for. He doesn't need another good person to get caught in Sherlock's crossfire.
Gary flushed, but didn’t say a word in his defense. Apparently, he did possess a brain.
John whines in his throat when he finally processes the words. It should be insulting, that they're discussing him like he's something to be owned, but it just turns John on even more.
Sherlock whirled back around to face him, and the man stared impassively back. It was a testament to his self control that Lestrade didn't break into the smirk that itched behind his face.
Mycroft made a noise that would sound like a noncommittal sigh to anyone else. To John, he knew it was a way to buy time to process.
Every one of them was filled with the former spouses of the closest facsimile he had to a family. There were no whispers this time. No chants to taunt him into discovering the truth on his own.
Pleasure rose around John like a tide. He prepared himself to hold his breath and ride the wave, but Sherlock pulled his hand away before he could crest.
“Oh,” Mary said again. She was picking at her nails, an anxious habit she had picked up in medical school.
Sherlock suddenly grips his arm, which is what stops him from running into the wall to try and claw his way out again.
John knew it really wasn’t any of his business, but if the kid was looking longingly at tea bags and trying to skip off with free sugar, surely he could try to help in some way? Sherlock’s derisive snort dispelled any assumptions that it was a matter of his parents’ financial straits.
John thrashes desperately, trying to move away. But one of Sherlock's hands lashes out to grip the bar, and John is stuck. John yells again when Sherlock begins moving his jaw with his teeth still gripping skin. Sherlock hadn't anticipated it being this hard. The scar is extremely tough, thanks to poor healing. He's not even sure he can make it bleed without a sharper implement, but, ah, there it is.
“No, no, nothing like that,” Molly laughed, “it’s just that, you know, it looks nice on the roster to have two professionals on staff. In case one is in an emergency or away on holiday.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John felt like he should say something. It was a disconcerting feeling to suddenly feel sympathy for a person he would have gladly punched in the kidneys two seconds ago.
“I really hope that at least sounded reassuring in your head.”
like he was the thing that was precious, made him feel like he could climb Mount Kilimanjaro in a day.
“I wouldn’t call it pretending.”
Sherlock isn’t glaring or sneering at him. He’s just staring at John with his hand still slightly raised. The expression on Sherlock’s tells John all he needs to know. It’s something that he’s been told countless times before.
“I’ve got a limp, Mary, not a stump. I’ll manage just fine.” Mary got that tiny frown between her eyebrows every time he said that, and made sure their bedroom was on the ground floor. John pretended not to notice, and tried his hardest to never feel ashamed about the unused master bedroom on the second floor.
They stopped moving. John looked behind him, surprised at himself. He’d been walking in the direction of Sherlock’s house.
He swears viciously under his breath.
The door still didn’t open. John tried the door knob again, because desperation had taken place of his decorum. It turned under his hand from the other side. It swung open, and John was left to stare up at a bewildered young man. The angle made rain drops fall into John’s eyes. He barely blinked them away.
It's the reference to time that has Sherlock straightening his spine. He hopes that the gargoyle won't be offended when he asks, "How old are you?"
Molly laughed at his obvious interest. John was grateful that she wasn’t disturbed by Sherlock’s question. “Only in the training I received,” she answered, “outside of that and the occasional crime show on the telly, no.”
The boy groaned in exaggerated pain, “I don’t understand how you can still eat. I feel like I’m going to burst at the seams.”
"No Sherlock, I mean it. There was nothing there." Lestrade insisted, "I had someone call the department, and apparently, around the time of the mugging, the footage blacked out. Completely. It wasn't back online until this morning."
And the rest of his voice was drowned out with guttural sounds when Sherlock kept parting him deep inside.
“Must you be so obscene,” Sherlock mildly complained. His voice reverberated through John’s shaking chest, “You do a great deal to destroy the peaceful lassitude of post-coitus.”
John’s breathing freezes in his throat when he feels the leather against his soft cock. Sherlock moves the flesh around with his crop, stroking underneath the sack and lifting the tip. Slowly it fills with blood, a cross-wired response to imminent danger and inhibited adrenaline.
. So you sent him away to nowhere in the hopes that he would either calm down or make something of himself.”
"I want you to swear it."
“Hmmm,” Sherlock said thoughtful, “if you insist.”
Repositioning his rucksack, he continued with his trudging, first along the shallowest part of the river - well
"Why?"
For whatever reason.
"We thought we had all the time in the world."
He lowered the instrument.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
And as idiotically unhinged as his plan might have been, in a twisted way it made sense. How better to break the loneliness than trying to recreate lost intimacy? Yes, the doctor wanted sex, but he also wanted someone to talk to, to share a joke with, someone to play a game with.
Sherlock licked his lips. “Ah,” he said. “There’s always something.”
"Good," the doctor said with a supportive smile. "I take it you play. Well obviously you play." Sheepish grin followed by a lick of his lips. "Any good?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, John, I promise to treat you just like any other player.”
Fuck.
Above it all, two birds danced on the wind, wings outstretched as they hovered from side to side.
While the broad strokes of the tale - and the ensuing tales - were on the whole correct, certain details were changed to obscure truths too dangerous for public consumption; namely the condition with which I exist, and the true nature of mine and Holmes' relationship.
But what sort of activities?
And penetration.
Reflexology was certainly a new interest, John conceded. He’d had his feet done as part of an overall massage plenty of times in the past, but definitely not in the way Sherlock was now doing it. It was good to know that reflexology could help restore the body’s natural balance and promote the healing process, hearing Sherlock talk about how it could also boost your sex life as well was something else entirely. Especially as those strong, long fingers were now doing things that John really hadn’t thought were possible.
, that was the Scottish word, wasn't it? Either way, whatever it was called, he continued along it until he found a wide gravely area that formed a shallow bank. Checking that he was not about to leave footprints, he left the stream for the springy heather and somewhat waterlogged grass.
“Holmes holds. He isn’t out of this set yet, but Watson now has the opportunity to serve out the set.”
It was different from Sherlock's own more wiry tone, which had been acquired honestly, initially through cardio, dance, martial arts, and more recently, boxing.
The doctor's brow furrowed in the beginning of a frown. "Why? Why would I want to do such a thing?” He gave a small shrug. “Because I like it. Because I enjoy it. Because it's a thrill."
“After a cautious start by both players, it’s unsurprisingly Holmes who has taken the first step and has upped his game, almost annihilating Openshaw in that last service game which Holmes held to love, and now… yes, he has, Holmes has just broken and takes the lead here in the opening set. And he does it in typical Holmes manner; cool, precise, deadly. Holmes leads four games to two.”
"What are you thinking?"
“How is he?” he asked.
known. Finding out that his mother probably knew had been strange. "I've never-"
What? Already?
Shouldn’t-
“Meanwhile, over at the Arthur Ashe Stadium, we’ll be opening with the women’s fourth round clash of Dominika Cibulková verses Svetlana Kuznetsova, which will then be followed by the third seed and French number one, Sherlock Holmes, taking on Oskar Heidegger. Holmes has impressed this tournament, dispatching his third round opponent of Sutton Blessington in just seventy-two minutes. Can he do the same here today?
"Seriously. Take it, keep it," the doctor insisted. "It's not like it's doing anything here and it obviously means something to you. So you have it. It's yours."
“What’s what?”
The kidnapping. The bargain. The calmness in the face of unmitigated possible consequences. They had started to build an altogether more unpalatable picture, but he hadn't been, couldn't be, certain, until he found what he had partially dreaded to find.
“I don’t suppose you still possess the correspondence?” I asked lightly.
"Better not be too close," the doctor had reasoned. "It's not the most stable structure around."
It had changed because rather than doing everything in his power to avoid the whole point of the doctor's rather ludicrous endeavour, Sherlock was now considering what the whole thing would actually entail.
"But-" why would the doctor willingly offer such a thing, especially with no expectation of the same in return? It didn't make sense. It was all about the receiver, wasn't it? At best it was a sacrifice on the behalf of the giver. In certain circumstances it was downright degrading. His fellow college mates had always talked about it in the most derogatory terms, often bragging
Breathing out, the doctor sunk back into his chair, hand twitching against the armrest. He looked thoughtful, almost lost, and Sherlock wasn't even sure that the doctor remembered he was still there.
Whatever reaction I had been expecting I had not expected there to be a lack of one.
“No,” Sherlock replied, his hands moving to the arms of the chair. “While I admit I do have an ulterior motive from a professional point of view, from a relationship perspective I do not enjoy seeing you in physical discomfort, especially when I can go some way to alleviating it.”
His Sherlock, whose life had been entwined with his since before modern time had begun. His artistic mathematician, his Victorian detective, his Regency zoologist, his Culloden boy-soldier, all the way back to his Roman captive who had refused to cower before the impossible.
"That I liked men?"
Startled, he quickly looked away, trying to stop his cheeks from colouring on realising he had been caught staring.
He froze, the words dying suddenly in his throat. For a moment he undoubtedly looked like an imbecile, mouth moving but no sound emerging, brow deeply furrowed, but that was the price he was more than willing to pay if he had really heard what he thought he had heard.
He simply could not let that happen.
He nodded.
It certainly boded well for what was to come.
Other than that, thanks for reading. 
“Did I?” he asked mildly.
Then opening the door, he led them in.
"There is no need to concern yourself with my reaction, Watson. Whatever the matter, I doubt I shall be surprised. There is little that I do not already know about you and even less still that I have not already deduced."
"Watson, I do not-" he protested with some spirit.
The doctor raised his eyebrows, pressing his lips together in a smile. "Scandalous."
“Ah, right.”
In a weird way, it was flattering that he had been chosen.
John is a very naughty boy.
There was a suck, at the head of his prick, a swirl of that tongue, a bit more pressure, and once again everything exploded, but this time it was even better. This time there was more heat, more suction, more everything, and it was like cocaine and heroin and that moment where suddenly everything in the universe briefly makes sense, and he was coming harder than he had ever come before, and he wanted it to stop, and he never wanted it to stop, and he was there, and he was not there, and it was good, but also
, and an envelope with letter propped between the violin case and the book.
Sherlock huffed but at least allowed him to take his time in opening it. Clothes he was expecting, something designer most likely, understated hopefully, but expensive and well made. What he did not expect was for three double packets of white sports socks to fall out. He turned them over, yup, they were definitely socks. Nice socks, expensive socks, but still socks.
“Unforced error there from Watson, but Holmes gave him very little to play with. Holmes certain knows how to push an opponent into making mistakes.”
"Good. That's... good."
Shit, Watson, hold it together. You’re better than that, better than him. Just stick to the game plan and don’t let him get to you.
He shrugged in acknowledged but figured it would at least break up the quiet. He pondered for a moment, hand drifting across the classical section, before he found himself pulling out one from the new pop selection. It wasn't one he recognised - unsurprising since his popular music knowledge was very limited - but he was curious as to the type of music the doctor listened to. This one in particular showed signs of repeated use.
Though the waeful may cease frae their grieving.
Something worthy of such a regal instrument.
Yes. No. Maybe. Probably.
Their bodies slotted together as they moved and stroked and flexed and kissed. For the first time he truly understood why people claimed that sex was like a dance.
“And Watson’s managed to consolidate his break. He leads the world number three, Sherlock Holmes, in this first set.”
The doctor gave a small nod as he finished and patted his hand against the door.
Breakfast had been cleared away and Mrs. Hudson had removed herself from the property to visit the market, as was her custom on such days. Holmes had finished with the day's newspapers and had retired to his customary chair to pick up his current book. I supposed there would be no better time to broach the subject and that I should do so quickly before I lost my nerve.
"Ride me."
He gasped as he pressed his palm into his lap, then scrambled to his feet, stumbling for the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind him.
There was a scrabble and then the head of dark curls was looming over him, the pale eyes narrow and searching. Then the body lowered back to the mattress and he was surprised when lips pressed against his. The kiss was gentle but prolonged, John raising his hand to grasp gently at the arm braced above him. Soft and unhurried, the kiss continued and he found himself relaxing back into the pillows, his eyes drifting shut.
And then there was nothing.
It was open plan at the bottom, a large airy room that somehow managed to be both spacious and cosy. To the right was the living area, complete with sofa, armchairs and a sweeping view of the highlands. To the left there was a small kitchen area with table and chairs. Between them were bookshelves and a desk.
Then he gasped as the slight change in angle caused further strikes of pleasure to shoot up his body. He was going to come like this, he realised in a brief moment of clarity, and that was exactly what Sherlock had been planning for, even down to wearing a condom in attempt to make himself last longer.
"You- you just wanted sex, but then you went and showed me all these things, things I never thought I would ever have, things I never thought I might even want. And you've- you've got me considering things, impossible things,
Sherlock froze at the words and for a moment his confidence slipped into uncertainty. John could almost see the dozen thoughts rapidly going through Sherlock’s mind and it made him regret ever saying anything. Not because his comment had been wrong, or cruel or insulting, far from it, but simply because it was obviously something that Sherlock hadn’t considered and as such was throwing out all the conclusions Sherlock had come to.
“Oh I do. God yes, I love the place. I just can’t believe that you’re….” He let his voice trail off as he leant back with a slight shake of the head.
The isolation. The lack of socialising. The loss of a loved one. Grief could account for all of that, and yet there was more still.
"You okay?"
(See the end of the chapter for
The doctor tapped his fingers on the armrest but did not break the eye contact between them. "Stockholm syndrome," he said quietly after a moment.
"Come on then. I know there's the perfect one- ah, yes, there."
"Why?" The tone was incredulous. "Why do you care? In case you've forgotten, I
you. At some of the things you do or don't do, like not noticing that shops now open on a Sunday, but not actually
There was very little he could say to that, but that was fine since Clara was more than capable of controlling the conversation. For the most part, the majority of what he was expected to say was ‘yes’, with the occasional, ‘of course.’ In that respects it wasn’t all that different from some conversations with a certain Frenchman.
“Sherlock,” he said trying to keep his voice firm and steady. There was no need to jump to conclusions after all. “What’s this?”
it said.
, he read, tracing his fingers across the familiar inscription on the first page,
Checking his bag for the final time, John mentally counted off all the things he needed for the match before, satisfied, he zipped it up. He was ready. All he needed to do now was wait.
"Yeah, I'm a lot of things'" the doctor said. "A mind reader, that's not one of them."
They lapsed back into silence, broken only when the doctor paused to point out the hovering birds. A Kestrel mated pair apparently. Falco tinnunculus. The fading light made them hard to see though, so they quickly continued onwards and downwards.
Irene ran her finger lightly across the rim of her glass of water. “Everyone needs someone to talk to once in a while, even him.”
That was what he had missed, what had been niggling at him throughout the week without him noticing; all the dates had been wrong. He had presumed that Harry had died not long before John had come to their village, but that was an assumption he should never have made.
“Please?” John asked again, running his tongue over his lips.
The doctor was quiet when he re-entered the cottage. The dampness to the bottom of his trousers spoke of a walk, his expression as his eyes flicked to the two unmoved keys on the table spoke of surprise and uncertainty. He didn't comment on the keys though, just took off his coat and boots before taking the armchair opposite the one that Sherlock was occupying.
Reaching up, he slipped his arms around his partner’s neck, fingers seeking the soft curls as he pulled Sherlock down for a kiss. Sherlock came willingly, arms encircling as the kiss slid from soft and gentle into heavy and deep. Breathing faltered as tongues met and grasps tightened, until panting, they pulled their mouths apart.
“Thank you,” he said, smiling fondly before sliding his palm to the back of Sherlock’s neck, drawing them into a gentle embrace, his chin brushing against Sherlock’s curls. “And I love you too.”
He should be.
Sucking in a deep breath, he held it for a moment before letting it out, cocking open an eye to take in the sight of his hair mussed, lip swollen partner. Groaning in appreciation, he closed his eyes again and set about rolling into a semi comfortable face down position which didn't put too much pressure on his groin.
He could also get a priceless violin out of it.
Pressing a towel to his damp curls, Sherlock stared out of the bedroom window while considering his options.
“Hello and welcome to another stifling day here in Flushing Meadows, New York. Let’s see if we can strike away those Monday blues with some great tennis by the best in the world. We have it all coming up for you, in both the singles and the doubles.
. Look at you. You're barely legal, and look at me.
There were, well, a lot of them. Far more than he had expected. Most were comments on his last post, telling him that of course he could beat Holmes, or were wishing him luck. Some tried to give him advice on playing Sherlock, which was amusing. Some tried to tell him to stay positive, he’d beaten Moriarty, of course he could beat Holmes. A couple even offered suggestions of restaurants they could go to.
He had been bitten. The doctor had bitten him. He remembered the pressure, then the pain, then the overwhelming everything, then the nothing.
This was the man he loved. This was the man he wanted to spend the rest of his life with; this beautiful, talented, brilliant man, who hid his heart behind a shield of indifference and sharpness.
"Yes," the figment of Harry said. "But I'm not real. He is though. Time to start living again, my love."
Tea made, he pressed the doctor again on the issue of time. What was the schedule? When was the contract going to be ready to sign? What was the deadline for the final decision?
"It started about five years past when my attention was drawn to a certain pattern of incident around particular parts of the city. First, two bodies washed up in the river inexplicably void of blood. Then, several incidents were reported where people awoke in an unfamiliar location with no memory of how they had gotten there or who they had been with. Next, several of the homeless and ladies of the night complained of unexplained disappearances. Then there was a third body, bloodless and without explanation.
John wasn’t too sure what to think. Sherlock, of course, had told him in unconditional terms that he was to win, and had pointed out that John had one thing at least the Zhi Zhu did not.
John was under no illusion as to who the favourite was going into the match, and for once that left him relaxed and almost fearless. At least this way he was not going to have to endure Sherlock’s disappointment or dissection of his inadequate game play as he had during Cincinnati. Now
"Okay, up," he said, motioning for Sherlock to get to his feet.
He wasn't a coward - he wasn't! - he just needed time and space to himself. There was also a room he still hadn't fully looked through, and very little time left to do so.
“And from a professional point of view?”
He continued to look at me as if I had not announced the impossible.
He expected a reaction to his choice - a scoff, a jesting comment, at least a raised eyebrow - that was what everyone else did, but the doctor merely nodded and headed to the bar. Truth was, he wasn't much of a drinker, another thing that made him an outsider at university. He had never enjoyed the deadening affect heavy imbibing had on his brain, nor the tribal ridicule from those who had deemed him a 'light weight'. He also had no intention of losing his inhibitions in current company, or of putting himself into a potentially compromising situation.
“An all-important hold there by Watson. After losing three games on the trot he needed to do something to halt Holmes’ relentless march, and he dug deep to find it. He might be a break down but he’s still very much in this match.”
“And an ace from Holmes.”
Because how could he possibly live with himself having played such a fine and beautiful instrument and then walk away knowing that he was leaving it in the hands of a man who not only did not know what it was but also had profound and lingering suicidal tendencies that could well end with the instrument being lost forever. The mere thought of this building burning down with all the treasures and histories contained within was bad enough, but the idea of this Stradivarius, this rare, priceless instrument going with it was a nightmare that had the potential to haunt him forever.
The hand over his was almost startling as he reached for the pen. It was, he realised as he found himself looking into the doctor's eyes, one of the few times the doctor had touched him without first asking express permission.
"One week," the doctor finally said, drumming his fingers across the armrest of the chair. "That's all I ask for. You stay here with me for one week. We interact, get to know each other, then at the end of the week you decide the final outcome. Either we have sex, or we don't. Either way the choice is yours. I will try to persuade you, of course, but I'm not going to force you, and I'm certainly not going to force myself upon you." He grimaced at that thought. "Whatever your choice, though, after that you can leave, and I swear I won't come after you. Just seven days, that's all I ask."
“Everywhere?”
The doctor shook his head, but that didn't matter.
It was gone, long gone, and he was all that was left.
“Thought that was you,” she said, perching on a free chair. “I heard you’d won your match. Congrats on that. You watching to find out who your next round opponent will be?”
For a moment it became brilliantly clear just how well this had been orchestrated. He was alone, in the middle of nowhere, with an obviously clever man who could do whatever he wanted to him, and no one would find out until it was far too late.
Music: I’m Gonna Be (500 miles)  by The Proclaimers.
"No," the doctor said, the humour having gone from his tone, the word pinning him to the chair as surely as a hand would have. "Sorry. That was uncalled for."
It was brief… and fleeting… and perfect… and he hovered there, peaceful, content, free, and then it was gone, swallowed up as he slammed back into his body, noise and sensation flooding back in a way that was almost overwhelming.
His words caught me so unprepared that I could only query his meaning by voicing his name as a question.
He had plenty of time.
He circled around the central facts as he knew them, tipping them, twisting them, viewing them from all possible angles until he was certain he had considered all eventualities, motivations and possible outcomes.
The blue, green eyes fixed solely on him, so different from Harry's brown.
the memory until it had become a much smaller, less important thing, making it easier to live without.
“Lucky. Very lucky. But two consecutive points for Watson. You can hear it in the crowd. Hear the buzz. Could we be about to have the first break of the match?”
He couldn't stop the questioning look, but the doctor failed to continue. It was almost as if he was taking great delight out of the situation.
"I'm sure I will manage," Sherlock said. "And if not, there's always chess."
He frowned, eyes darting between the contracts on the table and the doctor's outstretched hand. The doctor didn't move, just waited, expectedly.
"Bathroom is the door through the kitchen to your left."
want to be sexually intimate with me," Sherlock said.
“Also true,” John acknowledged. “But there is one other thing you’ve overlooked in this whole thing.”
The doctor's coat hung still dripping from the back of one of the kitchen chairs. The doctor himself was crouched by the open fireplace in the lounge area, frowning critically at the small flame he was cultivating in the grid.
“It seemed only polite.”
He closed and locked the bathroom door firmly behind him.
He glanced up to see the doctor looking over at him.
They moved around each other, him to the table, the doctor to his armchair, which he sunk into, leaning back, eyes lidded as he listen to the music. The music choice seemed out of character for the doctor, yet it was clear he was very familiar with it. Perhaps that was less surprising considering the age of his lost lover, who from Sherlock's calculation had likely to have been born around the 1940s.
“Whose birthday is it?” John said, raising his eyebrows.
"Yes."
“Watson’s muttering to himself as he collects the balls for his next serve. Holmes is ready and waiting. Watson serves. Forehand down the line from Holmes, Watson manages to return it. Holmes bashes it back backhand. Watson down the line. Holmes gets it but Watson’s at the net for the half volley.”
There was a certain madness about going back into the house, like walking calmly to your own execution. Yet that was exactly what he was going to do, and both he and the doctor knew it. He was being manipulated, he knew that too, but he couldn't see that he had any other choice.
Greg’s lips twitched. “She said you could only spend so much time shagging, and that some fresh air and cameras would do you good.”
There was nothing for him to do but lie back and enjoy, the doctor kissing and licking and sucking and... god, yes... and finding places he had never thought to be sensitive, and then, ahhh, fuck yes, and if he thought that was good, it was nothing to the moment the doctor took the whole of his length into his mouth.
“Ah.”
He jerked, cursing, when Sherlock’s thumb found a particular spot on the sole of his foot that shot a sharp sensation up his leg.
It wasn’t exactly what he had been expecting and it took a moment for him to place what he was watching.
"Yet here you are," Harry said.
Sherlock’s chuckle was low in his chest, but he made no effort to change what he was doing.
How I came to share rooms, and consequently a life, with Mr. Sherlock Holmes of Baker Street is a matter already well documented. Indeed, so widely is the story known that to question the truth of the matter would be taken by many to be a form of blasphemy. Had not the story been of my own telling and by my own pen after all? Had my name not accompanied the text? The truth has already been set down, and so truth it shall remain, aside for the small matter of the account having been at least partially fictionalised.
"You've been planning this for some time," he said, finally breaking the silence between them.
Exiting the shower, he rubbed his palms over his cheeks and decided a shave would not go amiss and would certainly cut down on some of the stubble burn. After that he dealt with his teeth, before jumping back in the shower for a short follow up, double and triple checking that everything was clean, inside and out.
Their hands brushed when the doctor handed over a freshly made mug of tea - exactly as Sherlock liked it - but a short nod to the unspoken question was all that was needed for the doctor to then leave him to his own thoughts, well aware as Sherlock was that the doctor was right there should he require him.
Why had it gone?
Opening his eyes, he found John looking up at him, even as his own right hand was curled around the nape of the doctor's neck, his left bunched in the doctor's jumper at the base of his spine. As controlling as the clasps were, the doctor neither showed concern nor moved to break the hold.
It took a moment to register that the doctor had said 'steak' not 'stake' and to figure out that he was being asked a question about food.
“Is there a rule book I don’t know about that says I can’t lose on my birthday?”
The water was a balm for his dry mouth and he had finished half before it even dawned on him to be mistrustful of a beverage from a near stranger, even if that stranger was a doctor. Slowing his sips, he then lowered the glass, watching as the man in question perched carefully on the bed beside him.
Sherlock turned it over in his fingers and then disappeared into their bedroom. When he reappeared the postcard was nowhere to be seen.
“Both players are now out on the court here at the Louis Armstrong Stadium, and the crowd applauds warmly as John Watson acknowledges them with a wave. He’s the favourite here today, but if there is to be an upset then the young man beside him could well be the one doing just that.”
That was… that was....
Alan Turing’s war time work, although well-known now, remained secret for many years due to the Official Secrets Act. A play called “Breaking the Code”, based on his life and work, and which thematically linked his cryptographic activities with his attempts to grapple with his homosexuality, was staged in the West End in 1986, transferring to Broadway in 1988. The play was then adapted for television in a 1996 BBC filmed production, and starred Derek Jacobi, who had always played the role in the stage productions.
“Watson had his number on that one.”
The engine starting, there was another pause, then slowly the vehicle began to back up, turn and then carefully pulled away.
There were times when talking to Clara was like being hit repeatedly across the face with a feathered pillow; breath-stealing, overwhelming, and surprisingly painful.
John is indeed a vampire. Yes, a real bona fide vampire, fangs and all. I've always wanted to do a proper vampire story, I just never expected it to be this one.
“Ready,” he confirmed.
Sherlock’s initial glance was a quick acknowledgement. His second look was of wide eye appreciation, caught mainly at the groin area.
Gasping, he wretched himself away, breathing deeply even as Sherlock pressed a finger to the already healing cut. Even that small amount of blood was enough to make his cock twitch, part blood lust, part Pavlovian response built up over the centuries. Oh god he wanted him; wanted this young, passionate lover; wanted the blood and body of the latest reincarnation of the only soul he would ever truly love.
“Relax.”
The doctor had taken off his shoes and socks as well. No doubt because they were wet. It did draw some attention to his pale feet though, so innocent in appearance, much like the Aran jumper that almost swamped him.
“True,” John said puffing out his cheeks, “but there is one thing you’ve overlooked.”
And there was the second surprise. He had just presumed that even if he was allowed out, the doctor would be following very closely on his heels. After all, there was no guarantee that he would come back.
"Yes," he said.
What was it Sherlock had told him during Wimbledon? 6-4, 6-3 for the only other match where they had faced each other, back when Sherlock was a fresh faced seventeen year old and John was at the height of his game. Not exactly close to the actual score.
Until that night, he couldn't remember having ever seen the doctor in anything other than full dress, and certainly not in something as casual as pyjamas. Or in this case, pyjamas bottoms and a t-shirt.
"I thought there- yes, here. No idea what condition it’s in though."
“Holmes seems to be setting the tone of how he intends to go on. How can Watson respond?”
The doctor's expression lit up with a mixture of surprise and hope. What would have happened if he had said no?
Board Game - Tafl - an ancient Germanic and Celtic strategy board game played on a checkered or latticed gameboard with two armies of uneven numbers. Often referred to as Hnefatafl in contemporary literature, it spread with the Vikings and was widely played across Northern Europe until it was supplanted by Chess in the 12th centuries. For Discworld fans among you, it is the inspiration for Thud!
The doctor's smile was small but understanding. "I bet you were rather vocal about it."
He had never wanted to see Sherlock like that. No one should ever have to see Sherlock like that. Now he had to decide whether to tell his lover about it and endure Sherlock’s embarrassment, his pain, or to keep it to himself and risk the secret becoming more than it was.
“No, stop thinking about it and just go. Go!” Sherlock said, for once repeating himself.
"It's good," he said, making a point of eyeing the instrument.
he realised, his chest doing an annoying tightening; the tale of two lovers separated by death.
He locked the door behind him.
“I don’t
“Going out sounds good. Thanks, Greg.”
was different from the score in
“The pressure Watson’s been piling on is really now making a difference. Since that scare earlier he’s come back out here and he’s been playing the game he wants to play, answering everything that Zhi Zhu has thrown at him with good, clean strikes. Nothing particularly fancy, just well timed, well placed, decisive shots, and Zhi Zhu is started to buckle.”
"I thought you would appreciate everything in writing," the doctor said. Standing by the hob, he clutched a newly made steaming mug of tea, wearing, Sherlock found himself noting, the same beige jumper he had when they had first talked a week earlier.
"The same thing that happened to all these sorts of places," he said lightly as he started downwards again. "Time... and the English."
He’d had many different birthdays over the years. Many of the best ones had started with company in bed, usually of the female variety, who had then taken it upon themselves to kick his birthday off with a bang. Or at least with a blow job.
"I hope it was good though."
"Look,” the doctor continued, “I won't tell you the drugs aren’t an issue, but you're old enough to make your own decisions over what you do and don't put into your body. I won't lie, I find it sad that someone with such a brilliant mind as yourself would take such stupid risks with it, but I'm not here to stop you. I'm not that altruistic."
"How long have you been planning on killing yourself?"
"Thought you could do with something hot and sweet," the doctor said.
I was intrigued by this as I did not believe my friend to be in the possession of a firearm or sword and told him so.
“Git,” John said with a laugh, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s head. “And just so you know, I intend to whip your arse in the match anyway.”
A few thrusts later and he could feel Sherlock's body stiffen as he came as well.
It sounded so simple when explained.
He was a bloody challenging opponent.
“He’s still playing with our minds then,” John said. “This is all part of it for him. It’s just a game to him, isn’t it?”
Five possible outcomes; the doctor lets him go with or without sex; the doctor doesn't let him go, with or without sex; he escapes, negating the issues of sex and whether or not the doctor would let him go
The doctor had been telling the truth, he was very good at it.
For a brief moment he wondered whether the doctor would amenable to taking a punt out on the Cam, but banished the thought with some horror once he realised the direction his thoughts had gone. At the very least the doctor was a kidnapper and, regardless of what happened at the end of these seven days, they were unlikely to see each other again.
“Yes, you do.”
And the doctor had been lost in his grief for all of that time.
"Yes. Uh. Sorry. Thanks." He reached for the offered mug, shivering slightly as the warmth from the drink met his cooler skin.
Downstairs, the rest of the cottage held the same empty feeling as the bedroom. The fire had been raked but was now cold. The blankets had been folded and put back in their place. Mugs that had been left to drain had been dried and tidied away. There was a stark finality about the place. Everything was as it should be, tidied, stored, in its place.
know it was him, but that’s not enough. Don’t you see, John, there is nothing we can do and he knows it.”
This was definitely not his room, but also not somewhere he had ever been before. For a moment he considered the likelihood of his brother's interfering hand, but the simple yet warmly decorated room was a far cry from either the overblown Victoria extravagance his brother favoured, or the white clinical starkness he would have expected from a medical facility.
"You always were the noblest of men," he heard and then the mouth crushed down on his.
Our Sherlock is Harry reborn. Harry was Victorian Sherlock reborn. And so on. They all have Sherlock somewhere in their names. Sherlock's soul is rather attached to the name.
“Tell me we have time before dinner,” John said, before capturing the lips once more.
“After you,” John said holding out an arm to signal that Sherlock should go first.
Today he wasn't thinking of escape.
He didn’t want it. He shouldn’t want it. Shouldn’t be thinking about it. It wasn’t good. It wasn’t a good thing to want.
"I confess that until now I had thought myself a man above all such failings concerning the flesh. Untroubled as I have been by distraction from the fairer sex, I had concluded, however erroneously, that I had escaped that weakness which plagues more common men. Rather, I now find myself firmly within the category of those considered most abominable and irredeemable. Worse still, I find myself wishing that you too share the same moral failing. Thus I am twice cursed; once for being of a perverted nature; and twice for wishing a good man, the best of men, might be of the same damned inclination."
Then there was always the possibility that Harry had been just like him, an unwilling victim of another man's attention, brought and held here against his will, but the property showed no sign of a struggle. There were no questionable stains, no scratches on the furniture, no broken locks, and the simple matter was that it wouldn't take that much to overpower the doctor. There were knives in the kitchen, scissors in the drawer, even the
The fingers momentarily fisted in his hair before relaxing even as many other muscles in Sherlock’s body remained tense. His arse, for one, was delightful to hold like this, firm and shapely and round. Which only helped to remind John that his lover was still an arrogant know-it-all arse.
"I'm your... prisoner?"
in the original German; Alexander Dumas and Victor Hugo in the original French;
"Sherlock-"
“Told me what?”
It was
"Hmmm," the doctor said. "My fault really. Didn't exactly mention I was back in the area, and I haven't been here much, not since...." He trailed off with a false smile.
What had he been thinking?
"I haven't done anything to it," he added after a moment. "If that's what you're worried about."
Yes. No. How could he possibly answer that, Sherlock thought?
He ran his finger across the body noting the texture and feel, then up the back of the neck and round to the strings. The body was dust free, the neck undamaged, the pegs neither loosened nor jammed. A piece of soft fabric had been placed under the tailpiece, no doubt as a precaution against damage should the bridge have collapsed, but the bridge was perfect and the strings intact.
They continued to sway.
So, uh, surprise?
"Uhm, kissing," he said, feeling himself flush again, blood rushing around at the mere thought of a repeat of that last act. "We can do that."
The words spoken in Scots Gaelic were enough to short circuit what remained of his rational mind. He issued the command to submit without thought, pushing his will onto the other man, but there was no come back, no resistance, just an easy acceptance, the command followed most willingly, as was the command to strip, then later the command to come.
His body tingled and he pressed it further against the solid form before him, searching for the sensation, arching into it when he found it, keening when it was indulged. He felt gloriously engulfed, yet safe due to the support surrounding him.
, was to forgive you, but I don't need to because it wasn't your fault. How I died wasn't your fault."
"Yes." The response was more automatic than anything and it was a beat or two before he realised how he had answered.
“Now the one thing I would really like to know, John Watson,” she said, a crafty smile on her lips as Sherlock resumed his seat, “is the answer to the most important question of them all; does he snore?”
Silently he made his way to the bench, taking a seat on the free end, barely glancing at the companion already sat on the other end.
He automatically headed for the jeep parked a few feet from him. He had no expectations for it to be anything but locked, so was surprised when that too opened under his hands. There were no keys though.
As expected, the lights were off, the only real illumination coming from the glowing remains of the open fire and the little moonlight coming through the uncurtained windows.
“Good jeans. Proper shoes though. And maybe the blue shirt.”
“I suppose that might be in order.”
So if it wasn't the drugs, what was it?
"Because it's the right thing to do?" the doctor said softly.
"I hate you," Sherlock repeated. "You and your life, and, and your books, and your games, and your stupid jumpers. And I hate
The bloody-know-it-all-dare-to-prove-me-wrong-ha-I’ve-got-you-now conniving bastard.
They had played board games into the evening. They had talked, about nothing in particular really. After the initial mention of Harry, the other man wasn’t spoken of again. Neither was the reason why Sherlock was there in the first place. In fact, almost as if by silent agreement, they had avoided the personal after that.
It perhaps spoke of his mental state that he was even debating it in his own mind. The doctor was right in that respects, he should probably get some sleep, even if he had already slept more this week than he normally would.
Two sets to one down and it was obvious that the match was over. Well, not literally over, but over as in the everything- is- pain- I’ve- done- everything- I- can- he’s- just- better- than- me- honest- and- he- knows- me- and- my- game- better- than- I- do- and- this- isn’t- the- final- of- Wimbledon- and- he’s- not- Moriarty- and- I’m- too- old- for- all- this- shit- happy- birthday. If he was going to win, he would have had to have taken that second set and then tried to cling on. Since that hadn’t happened all that was left was the knowledge that there was still one more set to go.
Then he was drying himself off and realising that this was it. This was the end game.
Then again, they were in the middle of nowhere, to what would a telephone be connected? The same issue with a television he supposed, but a television connected to a VCR would still allow for the watching of purchased films or programmes.
The jeep was also gone, but a set of keys to the cottage had been left on the table, just in case he also wished to venture out in the meantime, Sherlock concluded.
“Something like that,” John said with a grin. And wondering how Sherlock would take being called that he followed the steward out towards the court.
He lay still.
Blood loss, another small part of him whispered.
There was noise and movement and flickering light that was spreading hotter and brighter. Everything was burning, crumbling, falling. People were shouting, crying, screaming.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock said, allowing himself to be pulled back into the snuggle hold. “Could be interesting, but we wouldn’t all fit in the bed.”
The first real road sign gave the distance and direction of Inverness. They both made a point of ignoring it. It did, however, give him a better reference as to their location, a fact the doctor would also not have missed. Then again, he was hardly attempting to escape.
“It’s driving you mad, isn’t it?”
Oh god, the fucking bastard indeed.
Sherlock shifted slightly in his seat, his eyes darting away. “In the past you have reacted less favourably than I had anticipated to such offers, and I did not want an unnecessary repeat of otherwise avoidable confrontations.”
It was more of a statement than a question.
"Yet today you provided me with the means to leave."
They sat in silence for a moment, each watching the other.
"Yes."
John offered a weak smile. "I thought that was why you were still here?"
Bigger than he had expected, it was far more than just a fortress; it had been a castle, a stronghold, a home. Here the courtyard with the imposing towering walls. There the arch through which all would come. At the centre, the keep with imposing towers. Beside it the steps that would lead you home.
He shook his head, stopping that thought right there.
He didn't ask and the doctor eased them past and then later turned onto a proper official road.
"You introduced us."
"I've-" he said, hand already half outstretched, "got to go."
Yup, that was definitely a twitch to Sherlock’s lips.
“Towel on or off?”
Closing the door behind him, he shouldered his bag and set off on the road. His plan was still rather vague, but for the most part it consisted of following the gravel road until he was definitely out of sight and then cutting southwards on the first path, trail or track he could find. While the road would be easier to walk on, it would also make him too easy to find, and he had no intention of being back at that cottage by three.
A fugue contains more than one musical line playing simultaneously in counterpoint, so humming all the parts of a fugue simultaneously is impossible. Something, I’m sure, Harry pointed out on more than one occasion.
So he keeps it locked, to keep himself out as much as to keep everything else in.
“Oh probably, someday,” John said mildly, “in about thirty years or so.”
The case was hidden at the back of the room, obscured from view by the Gladstone bag and a stack of manuscript paper. In hindsight, the case's existence could have been hypothesised from the number of music books and handwritten manuscripts he had found, but that barely prepared Sherlock for the sight that greeted him on opening it.
"Good," the doctor said with a smile, but refrained from further comment.
As fate would have it, it was that very same day that my path crossed with Stamford and my life took its unexpected but most welcome turn.
The room felt even colder than usual.
You can win this, John Watson, he told himself as he shifted the position of his baseball cap to help with the sun. No, he corrected as he bounced the first ball, you
“Yes.”
Frowning slightly, he crossed to the cupboard itself. Something was nagging at him, something about the games, something his conscious mind couldn't quite pull together.
Sherlock considered the words. "You would stop," he said, "if I asked you to?"
"Look through," the doctor said. "Someone else should remember him too. I'll be downstairs if- well, I'll be downstairs."
Sherlock frowned, the words throwing him off somewhat. "He put you up to this," he said.
"Here we are then," he said quietly. "Why don't you go grab a shower and warm up a bit? I'll stick the chips on while you’re at it. They'll take twenty minutes or so, so there's no need to rush."
"Of course it was my fault!"
“Promise me something.”
“No, he didn’t. He kept himself calm. He went out there and stuck to his game plan. He played good clean shots which put Zhi Zhu under pressure, and in the end it was the youngster who cracked.”
It was only long taught self-control that stopped him at clenched fists and a mere teeth bared growl.
"Dubhloch Castle," he said slowly, piecing together what he knew of the events that followed and what had already been said, "the ruin, that was the English?"
"Hardly the more expected hunting rifle considering the surroundings, and certainly more than one would expect for a simple GP," Sherlock pointed out.
The doctor kept his gaze steady. "I just wanted you to get to know me."
For a moment afterwards there was stillness and the sound of their heavy breathing. He could feel Sherlock around him and was conscious of just how hard he still was even as Sherlock’s body was relaxing, but he didn’t move, content to linger in the moment, his arms supporting Sherlock’s back as well he could as they both caught their breath.
Hands slid up the outside of his legs, over his knees, up his thighs, thumbs under the fabric, bunching it as fingers curled up and over the waist band of his boxers. Another lick of the lips and the gaze remained challenging.
He looked down to see the slight frown on the doctor's face, the way the lines deepened and his eyes jumped, searching for answers. It felt good, to know that regardless of the circumstances, the doctor cared enough for him to want it to be the best experience possible, but that wasn't what he wanted right now. What he wanted was
His expression was one of amused pride.
. And which have never been relevant here. In
It was only then that Sherlock realised the irony of his choice. Moving and haunting, yes, but was it really the best tune to be playing on the doctor's dead lover's instrument? It was too late to change though and doing so would be admitted his error in choice, but he darted his eyes in the doctor's direction just to see his reaction. He expected a frozen smile, or a pained acknowledgement, or even the thin lips of anger.
Psychopath.
The creaking sound of movement below wrenched his attention back to his surroundings. He wasn't alone. Obviously. There was little chance he had managed to get himself into bed.
Sherlock didn't reply and the doctor didn’t ask again, but neither did he offer any further information.
Everything ached: his arms, his back, his legs, some muscles he had forgotten about.
He wasn’t one to linger over his morning routines, but even so the breakfast was presented and waiting for him by the time he emerged newly showered, shaved and dressed. The table was laden with more food than they could possibly eat even if they had all morning to do so. The smell of scrambled eggs and freshly brewed coffee was more than enough to get his mouth watering and a quick glance at the table showed that Sherlock had managed a fine selection of all his pre-match favourites.
