“Colin, Sir John be not-” Sherlock charged through the door, not seeing John until Colin tilted his head, Sherlock’s gaze following.
With that he walks away.  His military stride is more pronounced than usual; he is angry.  What have
“Sherlock?  What do you make of this?”  John asks, shining his beam at the disturbed snow.
Dismissing from thought his now totally numb fingers on his right hand, he cupped Sherlock’s face with his left, stroking his thumb along the lips that he thought might one day be the death of him.  Truly, they had to have been put on this earth, on this face, specifically to drive him mad.
There was something about this one that got to John. Not that he had grown immune to the plights of the people who came in, but his compassion had at some point in his career migrated from his heart to his head; he no longer felt the need, or the desire, to place himself in the shoes of everyone that required care.
not. I love thee, John…” he said, his voice breaking off.
“Are you still angry about yesterday?  I’ve decided to let it go, and you should, too.”
“Are you going to stand there and stare, or are you going to be useful?  Take the bedding to Aldus, and be quick about it.”  Sherlock jutted his finger at an untidy pile heaped on the ground.
“We have trees at home, John; we can watch leaves change from the comfort of our own home,” I told him when he suggested the trip to New York would be the perfect opportunity to check the item off his Bucket List.
“What kind of truth?”
“Okay, okay!” Andi blurted. “I know you were implanted because you keep forgetting that John loves you. Every time you hear that he does, it’s like you’ve never heard it before. And I can’t imagine you would ever,
“Detective Inspector, to what do I owe this pleasure,” Sherlock said, the causticness of his comment lost in the weak delivery.   Having used all the energy he had just to make it across the room, he leaned heavily on the open door, his legs barely holding him up.
could he not make room for both?
“John?”
Cedric’s eyes beaded into John as he waited for a response.
“Really?
Cedric gloated.
Before I know it I will be blowing kisses and calling him ‘baby’.  I smell the smoke from my brain as it incinerates into a charred mass.  Soon there will nothing left; I will be known as The World’s Dullest Detective.
I almost smile; he didn’t say it with an air of superiority, but because it
We cannot leave the studio, and the city, fast enough.  As vicious as the London tabloids get, none have dared to treat John in such a manner.  It is as if we have been sullied by the host’s malicious accusations, have been left with a grimy film on our bodies from a charmless, chaotic city which makes us long for the refinement of London, the tranquility of Wales.  We long for home.
Sherlock watched as John launched out of his chair, grabbed his jacket and fled the apartment.  He let him go without protest, knowing John needed to let loose the pressure that had been building in him for months.
“No, no, it’s uh, it’s actually bigger than that, honey.”  John eyes shifted between me and his food, obviously tempted to sneak in another bite.  I picked up his fork and scooping up some casserole, lifted it towards his mouth.  But instead of opening it, he glared at me.  “For Christ’s sake, Sherlock, you don’t need to feed me, too!”
; this could be no different.  Why did Sherlock say nothing?
He had met Sherlock only twice in person: once when he was brought unconscious to the A&E and the other time for the few minutes at the end of the NA meeting. In this third meeting, on Skype, he was not all prepared for the whirlwind that was his new friend.  It was one thing to read Sherlock’s words on the computer screen, but to see him speak those words took some adjusting.  And he couldn’t say it was an unpleasant adjustment.  The rapid fire speech (he’d been right about that), the eyes that told him just as much as the spoken words did.  And the hands.  My god, he thought, the hands acted as punctuation to whatever the detective was saying; they practically flapped when he was agitated, flexed when he was trying to choose just the right word, which he didn’t often have to search for like most normal human beings, and they would caress his mouth when he was pensive.
“Nope,” Sherlock popped the p. “That's really not my area of expertise.”
John stopped fussing with the kettle. “I'm sorry what? Are you telling me that my daughter's imaginary friend is the ghost of a dead little girl?”
Sherlock nodded. “For some, paranormal activity is a leap of faith. I prefer using science to back it up.”
The small clearing was fraught with tension, as the change came upon him and the betas. The doctor bit back a groan, as his bones shifted into something more fluid, more natural. John surged to his feet, his tail wagging, the moment the change was through. After a few seconds of revelry he calmed, remembering himself.
John wanted more. His prick breaching the omega’s tight hole was an exquisite torture he never wanted to do without.
“You wouldn’t dare,” the beta tried again.
“I’m not an idiot,” Sherlock pushed up from the sofa. “We’ve been heading in that direction since you shagged me bare in the forest.”
“Jesus fuck mate,” Mike had exclaimed “what crawled out of your ass?”
John laughed softly, as Sherlock pulled away. Always so contradictory, was his Sherlock. It was what he had noticed almost immediately once they started sharing a flat. If John was making tea, Sherlock wanted coffee. If John wanted to watch telly, the omega wanted silence. Once, the alpha had made Sherlock a bit of curry. The curry he had been craving nonstop for a week, and suddenly all Sherlock wanted was Pad Thai.
“According to my parents and know-it- all brother, no.” Sherlock laughed sardonically. “It was all house settling and wind.” Sherlock took a sip of his tea. “I of course knew better. People see, but rarely do they observe.”
Donovan froze, a vicious smirk on her face. “And how do you think you can punish me?” She inquired snidely.
“Gods no,” John began before backing away from that frightening conversational tangent.
century. After the initial outcry from the human populace, after the fears that weres were really the boogey man in the forest, were finally laid to rest. When it was safe to procreate, they had done so with the mentality of rabbits.
John simply hummed in response.
John shifted restlessly from his position in the doorway. Sherlock had yet to notice his presence, and he did not want to interrupt him. At the same time, John wanted to touch his still-not-claimed mate. The alpha wanted to run his fingers over that barely there bump; he wanted to caress every inch of that luminous skin. John wanted so much more than Sherlock would permit.
“She says she's eleven, but I am almost as tall as her!” Rosie informed the men proudly. “So it's not weird she's older than me.”
Sherlock sneered at his podcast producer, “have you found something of interest for me? No, then piss off.”
“How many kids went missing?” John looked horrified.
“No, John and I agreed, we want to be surprised,” Sherlock stated. “Which I agree is ridiculous, so hard to plan.”
Sherlock snorted at the pet name, as well as the conciliatory comment. He didn’t stop leaning against the alpha however. It was nice. Comforting in ways he was not used to. His family had never been supporters of signs of affection, physical or otherwise. It seemed as though John showered them over him, like a constant barrage of soft rain. It was nice, but bloody distracting.
“Harder,” Sherlock groaned.
The alpha froze, as he watched those electric grey eyes shutter, a tiny sound emerging from Sherlock’s throat. If it were any other person, John would have called it a purr. Carefully, one had to be oh so careful when it came to Sherlock, John let his fingers drift down his slender neck, until he was massaging gently at the tense muscles that resided there.
“Died in 1979,” Luther murmured. “Right here in the house, they found her with her head in the oven. Police deemed it a suicide.”
Rosie and John were staring at him in anticipation as he took his first bite.
“I suppose it’s good to know that you don’t have a pack of unclaimed pups running around three continents,” Sherlock shot back, picking up his tooth brush. He grimaced as the bristles of the implement tickled the roof of his mouth. The morning sickness, which had lingered for far longer than he liked, had been replaced with an unbearably sensitive gag reflex. Pregnancy was intolerable.
“Are you married?” Rosie put a piece of pastry in her mouth and smiled.
Across the room, his favorite mug shattered on the floor. Hot tea splattering across the old, rough hewed planks of hardwood. Mike had stopped his chattering to listen to John spew obscenities in the sudden hush of the house.
“Wait, we need slick,” John moaned into Sherlock’s curls.
“Enunciate your words Sherlock,” Mycroft gave his brother a stern look.
Sherlock and John headed back downstairs. The living room was awash in holiday lights and the crackling of the fire. He refused to consider how romantic the situation was. This was not a date. Hell, he had only arrived here hours ago, and John was a client. It was an odd situation to be sure. Sherlock had never ate dinner with clients before, or spent the night due to weather. And nobody's child had ever proposed marriage. But this was fine. Perfect even. John sat back down on the sofa, after offering Sherlock more tea. He eyed the lovely wingback chair he had been sitting in all evening, before opting for the sofa. Sitting next to John.
Sherlock sought out John, but John no longer stood where he could see him.
John glared at Mycroft when the man started to open his mouth. With his eyes alone, he expressed what would happen to the government official if he dared to say anything to set Sherlock off. It would be best all around if Mycroft kept his mouth shut.
“No,” Sherlock sneered from his seat on the sofa. “You’ll insist on calling her something inane like Izzy.”
Sherlock glanced in confusion at John, who mouthed: 'I'll explain later.' He let it go, not understanding the issue with having an older friend, but he didn't have friends growing up, so what would he know about it.
“Oh god no,” John chuckled ruefully. “Me and Harry would kill each other. I am looking for a flat share, but who would want to live with me?”
“I know we are British John, but tea does not actually fix everything,” Sherlock groaned, rubbing the bump. His stomach felt tight and achy. Hell, his entire body felt tight and achy.
John couldn’t help the nervous laugh that escaped him. He was meeting the family already, and he hadn’t even marked his almost-mate yet. Not that Sherlock would ever acknowledge the mate thing. Not even with a cub in the oven, so to speak. John was pinned by two sets of rather intense eyes, as he tried to choke off the laughter before it started.
Rosie scrambled up, eager to go and chase down her blue Boston Terrier puppy. He had been an early Christmas gift and Rosie was deep in puppy love.
Sherlock had long past tuned out his brother’s voice, as his stomach began to cramp once more. He barely heard Mycroft leave the flat, too busy heaving his intestines into the porcelain bowl. He was going to have to remove the flesh eating crabs from the flat, if this was the result.
“So did they believe you then?” John turned to face Sherlock properly, his bare feet propped up on the sofa between them.
John felt he was normally a well-adjusted alpha. In comparison to some of his companions, he was rather mellow in fact. However, seeing Sherlock, the omega of the pack, ignore him in such a blatant way riled his alpha instincts. With a growl, he stalked, stiff legged, over to the taller wolf. When Sherlock did not roll over and show his belly, John leapt.
John had put Sherlock in the cottage's green room. It was the only guest room the cottage had, so he wasn't sure why they differentiated between it and the other rooms. But they always had. Or so John had explained as he shown Sherlock where it was. He had no bags to put away, so he had not lingered long. Only long enough to note that there were no flowers on the walls or anywhere else, which Sherlock deeply appreciated. After dinner, Rosie and Dodger had helped John with the clean up of dishes. Sherlock had tried to help, but had simply gotten underfoot. Which Rosie had seemed to find hilarious.
Sherlock gave John his sweet smile. “I'm game if you are.”
“So Doctor, when are you planning on claiming Sherlock?” Mycroft ignored his little brother. “I would ask what your intentions are, but you would already be dead, if they were not honorable.”
“Story time deserves something more festive than sitting in the entry hall,” John commented dryly. “Hot chocolate and a fire sounds good.” Rosie cheered in agreement. “Rosie love go and get Dodger from the garden for me please.”
“Have you?” John questions, his hands tracing shapes and symbols into the thin skin covering their bump.
Sherlock couldn’t stop staring at his reflection in the mirror. The nausea had finally gone by the wayside, and his slender frame was gaining weight. But what really caught his attention was the bump. It was odd, his body felt disfigured and ugly. His skin felt like elastic. His bones felt brittle. Sherlock’s entire body was revolting. Like he was hosting an alien in his very core, which he was.
Sherlock turned abruptly, his Belstaff coat flaring around his slender legs. Efficiently and with as much snark and sarcasm as he could fit, Sherlock laid out their case. Who had done it, and how they would go about proving it.
“It's all part of the package when I investigate a haunting, and I won't lie,” Sherlock smiled. “You have a hell of haunting happening here.”
Rosie still missed Joey, who she had not seen since Christmas eve the year prior. She was however, making friends at the primary school she was attending in London.
“I am a friend of Sherlock’s,” the man answered. “Though he would call me his arch nemesis I am sure.”
The need to be out of the flat, doing something, anything had forced Sherlock into the clearing. Running with the pack on a full moon during pregnancy wasn’t unheard of. However, it was not fully embraced by those of the medical field. John had supported his decision in his understated way. Oddly enough, Sherlock appreciated that, which he didn’t understand fully. Never before had he sought somebody’s endorsement. He craved John’s approval, almost as much as rose petal tea and spicy pork dumplings, maybe more. Sherlock blamed it on the hormones. Or maybe it was the gas that he couldn’t seem to escape. Whatever it was, it was boring.
“Two weeks early isn’t too soon love,” John soothed Sherlock, petting the sweaty curls plastered to the back of his mate’s neck. “The pup will be fine.”
“I'm afraid that's not how marriage works love,” John began softly, embarrassed that his five year old was trying to wingman for him.
“John!” a familiar voice hollered down the hall. “John Watson!”
“You are very loyal to a man you’ve only known a few days.” The balding man seemed almost confused.
“Go on in John,” Dr. Cass encouraged, amused. “They are resting, but eager to see and meet you.”
During his brief meeting with Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson to discuss plans to run with the moon, the animosity had been overwhelming. It was obvious that the committee’s punishments were effective and long lasting.
“I should hope so, John coddles me,” Sherlock sighed, long suffering.
Not tonight though. Tonight John was looking forward to going home and just existing with Rosie. His girl would help him make dinner, they would work on her kindergarten homework. Once he had gotten her to sleep, John would binge listen to another one of Sherlock Holmes' episodes. He was totally caught up, having binged for a good week solid, but he found those dulcet tones soothing.
Sherlock winced as the door flew open with a gusty whoosh. Dr Watson was obviously not prepared for the ease in which it swung open, and almost fell on his rather perky behind. Sherlock could not help the truly genuine smile that emerged at the gobsmacked look on Dr Watson's face. This was going to be so much fun.
“Sherlock and your daughter are fine John,” the doctor answered. “Your mate is stubborn, he refused the services of an anesthesiologist, claiming he needed to be awake for his research. He did accept an epidural however.”
“What? He does,” Sherlock continued on blithely. “He saves all the good cuts for Mrs. Hudson.”
John could feel his canines extending, his claws lengthening. It sounded like a threat, a threat to the wolf’s mate.
“And when the bump starts school and the other kids make fun?” Sherlock was panting as he tried to maneuver his body down the stairs.
“Mummy would of course like to see you before you deliver,” Mycroft continued on blithely. “Seeing as you look a like death warmed over, perhaps you should go today.”
John refused to conform to the usual alpha behaviors. It was rather intriguing, and completely infuriating.
John’s hips shot forward, rubbing his prick against the tender, swollen hole of the omega. He wanted to fuck into it, until nobody would doubt his claim. John removed his teeth from Sherlock’s shoulder, lapping at the sticky blood that trickled down the bare, pale expanse of skin.
Sherlock froze, looking like a deer in the headlights.
“I know,” Sherlock grunted. “I know my own body better than you do.”
“Don't offer if you are not serious Sherlock,” John warned. “Rosie already gave her blessing for our wedded bliss.”
That teacher lived in this cottage. And she was thriving under it all. With each missing kid, she became prettier. Her cheeks more rosy and her figure more plump and curvy.
John had to fight the urge to pull his omega back to him, to assert his dominance in the most basic way. To mark Sherlock up and make sure everybody in the greater London area knew the man was his.
Not long after she had left, it had started. Small things that had left John scratching his head; confused and then terrified and bewildered the longer it had continued. His keys had disappeared from the bowl that had sat by the door since they had moved in. The hand carved, wooden bowl he put his god damn keys in every time he came in the cottage.  He would search high and low for them, only to find them in the bowl an hour into looking. It had been enough for him to start questioning his sanity.
“I do not recall granting you imbeciles the right to do blood work,” Sherlock shouted hoarsely. “I agreed to an IV for dehydration.”
John choked, and Sherlock went very still.
Sherlock collapsed back against the flimsy pillow the hospital provided. All of the fight seemed to drain straight out of him.
“My point exactly,” Sherlock murmured.
It had to stop.
Mates.
“Who are you?” John demanded.
The bones were not buried deep. Scattered like a carrion pit of death and decay, here were the missing children of the Mumbles.
None of the children had gone missing from the cottage John Watson had purchased five years ago. However, when Sherlock put it on a map, that cottage was at the center of the missing children. It was interesting. The cottage itself had been rented and owned by a fair amount of people since the mid 1980s. In Sherlock's opinion far more than was average for the size, cost and location. Few people stayed more than a year. John Watson and his family had stayed the longest at five years.
Mary had been inside the cottage, cheeks rosy with warmth from the fire, a glass of red wine in her shaking hand. She had been maniac with energy. The most energy he had seen her with in weeks. The cottage looked like a tornado had blown threw it.
Mycroft stood abruptly, his trusty umbrella in his hand. “You are forcing me to take matters into my own hands, Sherlock.”
John could feel the strain in his hind leg, as the wound he had suffered as a human flared up, even in this form. He refused to allow it to undermine him. John reared up and hunched over the omega’s longer, skinnier form, and clamped his jaw around Sherlock’s throat. He growled once, and jerked. Not hurting the younger wolf, simply showing him that he meant business.
“Shut up Mycroft,” Sherlock and John growled in unison.
“Is that a statement or a question?” John returned blithely.
“Cease your mother henning,” Sherlock grumbled, clutching his bag of crisp tighter.
Maybe if he kept telling himself that, John would finally believe it.
“I want sex,” Sherlock had learned at an early age bluntness could work better than coercion. Some people responded better to it than others. And he knew that John would appreciate it. After he got over having to clean up the broken porcelain and splattered tea.
“It's called the Science of Deduction,” Mike had continued blithely. “This bloke talks about ghost and demons, and more often than naught debunks people's hauntings.”
John walked out of Tesco, milk in hand. It would not be worth the fight if he came home without it. John had learned to pick his battles in the past month.
Mycroft’s car pulled up to the curb, just as Sherlock and John stepped outside. The man was seriously a miracle worker. If John liked him just a smidge more, he might have kissed the surly man.
Mrs Hudson didn't bother knocking on Sherlock's door. She just pushed it open, not surprised to see him curled up on the sofa. She rather adored this spoiled man-child with all of his quirks. She tossed the mail on the small table next to the couch, and wandered off to make a pot of tea. She was not his housekeeper, but she was his friend. And a good friend did what they could to help drag one out of a funk. Even if that meant a good kick in the rear.
It had started insidiously slow. He hadn't even questioned it really. Not for years.
“Oh no, they actually blamed it on Krampus. At least the adults did.” Luther took a deep drink of tea. “The kids had other theories.”
Sherlock felt positively domestic as he watched John pick up his daughter, and glance at the puppy, still passed out under the tree. He got up from his chair and scooped Dodger up. “Lead the way,” Sherlock whispered. “Before they wake up.”
John smiled down at Sherlock, staring into those fathomless grey eyes. “How do you want to do it?”
John practically tore down the hall, looking for his mate and daughter. He froze outside Sherlock’s room, scared to go any further. John was a father. He had a mate. Oh god, he was going to muck it all up.
I knew all those kids that went missing. Mumbles was small, it had been a hub of tourism back in the heyday, and it was in the middle of that decline you know. It was like the village was dying. But not that teacher.
“Oh, it’s just that you are the second person to say that to me today,”
“Sherlock!” John half laughed, half admonished.
Only to get hit in the chest with a pink plastic, kidney shaped bedpan.
“Take a moment, think about it,” the man encouraged.
Esme Isabelle Watson was precocious. At least that is what her grandma and uncle Mycroft called her. She knew what the word meant, kind of. It meant she was a brat. Which is what her daddy called her. Both words made her feel warm and fuzzy, loved. But not when her teacher was on the phone, tattling on her to her papa. Her papa was not going to be happy. He would sigh and look at her with sad eyes. She hated when he did that.
“I worry about Sherlock, immensely,” the balding man continued blithely. “Imagine my shock when I found out he was pregnant.”
“That is what I do,” Sherlock answered. “I am contrary.”
John collapsed in his chair. His cup of tea cradled in his hand like something precious.
John kept his thrusts shallow and slow, his hands roaming Sherlock’s body. He allowed his lips to linger on whichever bit of skin they landed on. Sherlock’s ear, his cheek; and when Sherlock came again, his bared throat. He nipped at the reddening skin, as he rode out his own orgasm.
“That's impossible,” John stood up abruptly, going  to the window to look outside. There was a full on blizzard happening. He didn't recall that being in the forecast.
John smiled at the man, recalling the smiling face of a fellow student, from what felt was a million years ago.
Which is why now, Mrs Hudson had no problem being the one to kick Sherlock out of his days old funk. “Go take a shower darling, you stink like a days dead skunk on the side of the M5.”
Sherlock walked slowly as he people watched. For days he had had a low-grade urge to shift into his wolf form and simply run. It was a prickly sensation, like the need for nicotine. It was hard to ignore and it was distracting. He couldn’t help but sulk just a bit as they walked slowly through the neighborhood. In the past walks had helped with the aches and pains that had begun to accumulate in the third trimester of his pregnancy. This walk had been absolutely useless in that regard.
Give him a good malevolent haunting. A bloody demonic possession. Anything to break the monotony of London in December. Every time it spit the slightest bit of snowy drizzle the city went into panic mode. Sherlock enjoyed the chaos, but abhorred the stupidity of people.
After he had been medically discharged from the army, John had kicked around London for a bit, staying in a horrid little bed-share and moping. He had met Mary in a coffeeshop, and it had seemed like a glorious connection. Not even a year later they had been married and expecting a baby. They had gone on a driving holiday around Wales when Mary was about five months along, and she had fallen head over heels in love with the Mumbles.
“Enough that I had to get rid of the flesh eating crabs,” Sherlock mumbled, feeling gross and sweaty in his clothes.
The library was the best sort. It was an unpretentious building, with a wickedly fast internet connection. Of course, Sherlock did not get to spend too much time on the computers. He had loaded up first on local history books, and then migrated to the microfiche collection. Drugs seemed to be the biggest crime for the most part in the Mumbles. Which didn't surprise Sherlock terribly. Small village that was growing more cosmopolitan each generation, not far from Cardiff, it was not a stretch. What interested Sherlock was a spat of children disappearances more forty years ago that was centered in Mumbles.
“Of course,” John grinned. “If people aren't telling you that you are amazing every day, then they suck.”
“That's okay, Daddy's not married either. You can marry him and then you'll have both kids and puppies.” Rosie announced. “I think your nice, and daddy likes your stories.”
He wasn’t sure if he would ever get used to the idea of being pregnant. It was definitely an occurrence that Sherlock had not planned for, wished for or wanted.
“When pregnancy becomes an issue, which it won’t, since I am not,” Sherlock idly flicked his fingers against his curly fringe.
“So are you staying at Harry and Clara’s then,” Mike started the conversation abruptly.
John looked out the window, at his young daughter chasing a tiny pup around the fenced in garden.  Snow was starting to fall gently. Sherlock's words made sense. Rosie was healthy and happy. He was not fucking this up. “Thanks,  I know you aren't here to council me on raising a kid as a single dad.”
“I picked you didn’t I,” John rasped sleepily.
“Okay?” John tilted his head.
John pulled the thin hospital blanket further up, tucking it around his sleepy eyed flat mate.
John stood stoically, his tail raised high, as each member of his pack came to greet him. It did not matter if the betas liked him personally. In this place, and in this form they had to respect him. He remained aloof, as Donovan, Lestrade and Anderson brushed against him in a submissive greeting. His full attention was focused on the sole omega of the pack.
“Not everybody has a strapping alpha to woo them Sherlock,” she replied. “Needs must dear.”
Sherlock stretched languidly. Since his run with the pack, he had been feeling good. He was comfortable in his own body for the first time since he had gotten pregnant. He still felt fat and cumbersome, but Sherlock also felt rather lovely. Especially when John looked at him in that certain way the doctor had. If he were more of a sentimental man, Sherlock would almost call it adoring. If he wasn’t mistaken, those looks were also heated.
Esme giggled and ducked her head. They were so embarrassing. None of the other parents acted like her daddy and papa. Grandma Hudson said it was because they were in love.
“Eat a biscuit Sherlock,” a dry voice advised from the door. “I hear it helps with morning sickness.”
“I don't need a doubter,” John had snapped tiredly. “I need somebody to figure out what's going on with my house.”
“What do you want Mycroft?” Sherlock sneered.
“Bloody hell. I said I don’t need a doctor,” Sherlock snapped back. “I am not pregnant.”
John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock. His lips a dry brush, as he tilted his head for a better angle. Sherlock tangled his fingers in John's military neat hair, and pulled gently as he nipped at the man's lush bottom lip.
“I think this is the first time I’ve seen you for a loss of words,” John laughed. “What’s wrong love, sharing a bedroom too progressive for you?”
Sherlock pressed down again, wanting to make sure of something. What he was searching for he didn’t rightly know, but he knew he found it when the baby kicked his hand again. More than a bit content, Sherlock fell asleep, his hand resting on the bump.
“What is so funny?” John asked, offended.
Sherlock's day had been spent productively as he waited for a chance to introduce himself to Dr John Watson. He had dropped his overnight bag off at the B&B, succeeded in not vomiting at the nauseating floral wallpaper before getting the hell out of there. Hopefully he would not need to spend too much time there. The library had been in walking distance, and he had enjoyed the bracing breeze whipping his long coat around his legs. Sherlock could feel people's eyes on him as he walked briskly, his phone in hand. He ignored them.
“Mycroft get out. Now,” Sherlock roared, his dressing gown billowing out behind him like an underfed raven’s wings.
The pack was antsy. It was the first full moon that they would be running with John and vice versa. The dynamic was drastically different from what any of them were used to. John was used to running with alphas and the occasional beta that made it into the army. This was a pack of three betas that occasionally ran with a rogue omega.
It had been Luther himself who had broached the topic with John. Two months into their friendship, he had sat John and just spat it out. He would love to come to spend more time with Rosie, and he needed somebody to focus on. John had understood without needing it spelled out. He could remember sitting in his bedsit after he had gotten home. No focus, no drive. He had been a god damn zombie until he had met Mary.  He wouldn't wish that on anybody.
John sat down. “Pregnancy won’t be boring at least,” he tried. “Think of all the data you’ll be collecting.”
“She's been here forever,” Rosie began, petting Dodger's ears. “I don't remember a time when she wasn't.” She glanced up at John. “She's nice, not like some of the other children who come and go.”
“That gives you no right,” Sherlock began his tirade again.
Sherlock was, for a lack of a better term, feisty. Nothing at all like the omegas his family had foisted on him in the past, before Afghanistan. Sherlock did not let his biological urge dictate what he did with his life. In fact, he seemed to fight it with every breath he took.
John didn’t even have a chance to ask who Mycroft was, before Sherlock was asleep.
“Why don’t I make some tea,” John offered, breaking the hostile silence between the two Holmes brothers.
“No, they are signs of laziness,” Sherlock rubbed his huge belly. “Why give a child a fancy name, if you can’t be bothered to call it that?”
“Yoo-hoo, mail darling!” Came Mrs Hudson's fluttering voice from downstairs. “Letters from all your friends!”
“Mrs Hudson, I'm Sherlock Holmes. I'm here about your ghost problem.” The man smiled what Martha thought was the sweetest smile she had ever seen. And that had been the beginning of their friendship.
With a groan, John changed into his human form. Sherlock followed shortly after. John snuffled Sherlock’s dark, curly locks as he hunched over the omega’s nude form. His cock heavy between the man’s pert cheeks. With a growl, John pulled his companion to his knees, his teeth sinking into the smooth muscle of Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock sneered at the betas in the clearing. He could clearly hear Donovan and Anderson’s snide remarks about his rapidly growing bump. He blamed his bone structure. Mummy always said he was too skinny. Sherlock did not feel skinny right now. He felt bloated and gross. He could no longer see his feet, let alone get his shoes on without assistance.
The End
“He is just being neighborly,” Mrs. Hudson insisted.
Sherlock was agitated, even more so with Mycroft there. He paced and he rubbed his bump. And paced some more. The omega was in constant movement, fidgety and growing more and more sullen.
By then it wasn't just his keys. It was anything and everything. On night he had been on the phone to an old friend in London. He had put Rosie down for the night and was in the kitchen trying to avoid looking at his savings account, by chatting with Mike Stamford. He had just made himself a steaming mug of Earl Grey. He had turned to open the fridge for a bit of cream, when he had turned around the mug was gone. Disappeared right off the butcher block.
Rosie nodded in agreement, “they blamed Krampus for all them though. Even the ones who got taken in the summer.”
“Just delivering a package from Mummy,” Mycroft grinned rather snidely. “She would have come herself, but her arthritis acts up so.”
“Flat mates should really know the worst about each other before moving in together,” Sherlock answered the unspoken question.
Sherlock blanched as he watched the movers bringing in the baby furniture that had been in the Holmes family for decades, if not centuries.
One person had seen Joey Simpson, the youngest girl, on the night she disappeared. She had been dressed in a light blue dress, walking in sheets of rain in late August. When the driver had pulled over to offer her a ride home, she had run away like the very devil was after her. That driver, who the article did not mention the name of, had driven straight home to call the police.
John sank into his chair, warm from Mycroft’s body heat, and soaked up the silence. Silence was good. Silence wasn’t avoiding the pink elephant that was sitting in the middle of their cozy, macabre living room.
“Yes dear. One lump of sugar or two?”
“Well, judging by the state of Sally’s knees, she sucked what little brain power Anderson has out of his—
“Did he offer you money to spy on me?” Sherlock questioned, looking almost bored.
Rosie came running into the dining room, her face red with cold and her eyes bright with excitement. “Daddy daddy! Dodger is going crazy. I think he found something!”
“You just repeated pregnant three times,” Sherlock pointed out snidely. “And I am not pregnant.”
“So Sherlock, still not wanting to know the sex of your baby?” Dr. Cass was a strident woman, with little tolerance for bullshit. Sherlock liked her immensely.
“Do you have any kids or puppies?” Rosie continued blithely, as she took another bite.
Oddly enough, things around 221 B. Baker Street didn’t change much after Sherlock committed to being an alpha’s mate. It was much the same it had always been, with more sex. A lot more sex. Sex in positions Sherlock had never imagined. John was very inventive, which the omega appreciated. His mother would have deemed John to have a flexible mind, if she knew.
“I don't think I can stay here any longer,” John confessed.
“It’ll be here in about an hour,” John yawned. “I am going to go change into some pajamas.” John carefully placed his hand in Sherlock’s unruly curls, stroking his omega carefully. It was the only contact Sherlock allowed. John took it as progress, baby steps and all that.
John stood outside of 221B Baker Street soaking up the atmosphere of London. In the two months since he had been injured, and sent home from Afghanistan, John had not been able to enjoy the vibrancy of the city. Too absorbed in self-pity to live the life he had been missing since being sent to the desert. From the outside the flat was perfect. Situated in the heart of the city, brimming with energy.
The wolf inside of John both approved of the dare in those electric eyes, and was pushed beyond temperance. With a soundless groan, John pushed forward, until the head of his prick had breached Sherlock. His nails dug into the soft skin of the omega’s hips, as he forced his considerable girth into that lovely, tight hole. The smell of blood tinged the air, as Sherlock howled his pleasure into the night.
It was all the invitation John needed.
“Good,” John mumbled, as he tucked his cold toes under Sherlock's thigh. God it had been a long day, and he was exhausted.
“Whatever you say John,” Sherlock smiled into the man's hair.
“Unhand me at once,” Sherlock demanded, pulling away from John sharply.
Once he was safely enclosed in the empty flat, Sherlock got comfortable on the sofa. He had documented the changes in his body as they had happened. Noting each quickening, comparing it to gas. But it was data, something he was detached from. Not something that was happening to him. For the first time since he had found himself pregnant, Sherlock felt a bit… attached.
It was when Sherlock winced for the third time in as many minutes that John made him sit down. “Love, we should head to the hospital now.”
Sherlock was sitting on his sofa, casually dipping a barbeque crisp into a container of butterscotch pudding, as he shouted at the inane police drama on the telly. The consulting detective hated these programs with a passion, but the blasted things were addictive. They never got it right though. The clues never added up. It was infuriating. Sherlock’s ears pricked at the sound of John limping up the stairs.
“Obviously,” Sherlock groaned at the first teasing breach of John’s prick.
John laughed shortly, more out of shock that anything. All this time he had thought Rosie was not being affected by the weird shit that was happening in the cottage. It turns out she was in the middle of it all. Hell, she probably knew more about what was going on than he did.
Those were the days Sherlock reminded John more of a prickly cat, rather than the wolf he was. Craving affection, but refusing to show it himself, he was such a contradictory creature. John would start slow. Just a simple touch, his finger lingering too long on Sherlock’s nape. His hand on Sherlock’s hip, for whatever reason John could come up with. There were days, more than he would like to admit, that John would spend his whole work day thinking up ways to touch Sherlock. Innocent ways. Decadent ways. Hell, he wanted them both with the same fervor.
John followed Rosie outside, to where Dodger was digging frantically at a hard patch of dirt. It was under a tall, scraggly  tree, and not covered in the fluffy snow that had fallen the night before. The little terrier was barely making a dent in the dirt, but he was not deterred.
John listened carefully at the door. Nothing had been thrown for at least a minute, and Sherlock was no longer shouting. It seemed like a good time to seize the moment.
John had found himself introducing himself to the tall, well built older man. He had found out that Luther had been a veteran of war, and having lost his sight in Afghanistan, was now at lose ends. They had sat in the corner of the pub and traded stories as only two veterans of war can. By the end of the night, Luther had seemed like an older brother to John. He too had few connections in the town. He was as lonely as John. The next day, John had invited Luther to Sunday dinner of roast and potatoes. Rosie had adored him on first sight.
“Unless you have something moderately intelligent to say, Anderson, please refrain from lowering the I.Q of the entire street.” Sherlock snapped, as he tried to focus on the mutilated body in front of him.
John found him that way two hours later. With something akin to relief the alpha sat down on the floor in front of the omega. Sherlock was accepting it, finally. It was something John had seen before, as a doctor. Omegas and expecting mothers that detached from their unborn children, more often than naught thinking of the fetus as a parasite.
Not caring if his clothes were ruined, John shifted into his own were form. He nuzzled Sherlock affectionately, before curling his own large body around their daughter. John couldn’t tear his eyes away from her. She was absolutely perfect, born with a riot of dark curls like her daddy. That was pretty much all John could see, but it was enough. Later, he would count her fingers and toes, but it was time to just enjoy his family.
John grimaced. How well Sherlock knew him.
Taking a last brief look at the man on his bed, Sir John left the tent.
He remembered that as one of Mycroft’s men had been placing handcuffs on him he had watched as two other agents had lifted Sherlock’s unconscious form onto the sofa.  The image of the pale face, the slack body, refused to fade from his memory.  The thought of anyone putting their hands on Sherlock and him not grousing to leave him alone, felt entirely wrong; Sherlock was never one to let anyone control him without protest.  The unnaturalness of it left John unsettled.
“I be called worse.  Now where be Sir John?”
He had only himself to blame for how enticing Sherlock be.  True, after being in London a day and having made no progress in their search for Cedric, it had been a joint decision to go to Cedric’s aunt’s house.  And yes, it had been Sherlock who had said he should be the one to go; better he be at observing small things that others overlook.  And
I am confused. John is not one to be taken with flights of fancy, certainly not to believe in imaginary figures created for the benefit of children; few are as well-grounded as he.  But I do not have a logical alternative at the moment.
One nightmare and many declarations of love.
Sweat trickled from Sherlock’s forehead into the concave of his neck.  Down into his sweat-soaked blouse where the fabric clung to his torso, contouring strong, able muscles…leaving little to the imagination.  Twas most provocative.
A quick kiss to my nose and we are off, our fingers entwined as we slowly navigate the crowded pavement.
With a spirit full of hope and adventure, Colin had accompanied Geoffrey to retrieve the horse, anxious to be on his way.
It mattered little; the important thing be that John be back.  The gauntlet clattering as it fell, Sherlock dashed to the door, the smile on his face falling when he saw twas the innkeeper’s daughter.
John squinted against the droplets hitting his face. “Uh, do you mind if we take inside? I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but it’s starting to rain.”
“Let us imagine for a moment,” John had said, “that at the joust thou will somehow manage the one exceedingly small task of keeping thy mouth shut, which I dare say shall be difficult for thee. How will thou know where to go and what to do?  Who will watch for Cedric from down on the field whilst Aldus and Colin search the crowds? Who will hobble Jocelyn at the precise moment needed, so thou be able to excuse yourself from thy match?  Hmmm?  Thou cannot do that fully suited.”
“You be mistaken; there has been no trial.  Tis someone else to be hanged.”  Said with a certainty he did not feel, John waited for Colin to say ‘Yes, you be right.  Forgive me, tis my mistake.’
With his guidance, for I have not suffered such a malady and do not know what to do, I put pillows between his legs and under his head.  Fetching the heating pad, I plug it in and lay it on him.
, you could do that would cause me to stop loving you.”
Frowning, John asked, “Who’s Simon? And why is he texting me to tell you hello?”
My brow furrows as I watch him pack, putting my own clothes on in case he changes his mind and asks me to go with him.
Andi texted, almost hearing the weary sigh in Mycroft’s response.
“Yes, John.  Yes, tis all right.”  Sherlock hoped that John saw in his eyes what he could not say in words.  That he thought he, too, had fallen in love.  The light-headedness lingered, making Sherlock wonder if there were more to his injuries than the ones on his back.
Lestrade watched after him, unbothered by the lack of the courtesy that many might describe as rude.  To be honest, he would take Sherlock any way he was as long as he wasn’t stoned.  Or dead.   And not so long ago one of those scenarios had seemed far too likely.
“No, John, the interview is over.  They want sensationalism and that is exactly what they will get if you leave.  You do not deserve to be treated like this.”  I rest a steadying hand on his arm in case he has gotten stiff whilst sitting.
“Yeh?”
Sherlock swayed, an agent grabbing his arm to hold him up. And with a rebellious tip of his chin, he glared at Mycroft. “I haven’t time for your savior complex. I have to find John. Simon’s taken him.”
It’s hard to fully catch what he says as he answers my question between kisses, his lips burning a path up my neck to my mouth.  And as heady as his tongue is, teasing mine, his hand snaking between my legs to slide up and cup my balls, little is as thrilling as the words I finally understand.
“There be nothing she can say that will change my mind.”  Hovering close to sleep, twas no bite in Sherlock’s tone.  The only thing that mattered be the feel of John’s hand stroking his cheek, the kiss to his forehead.
“He.”  Colin lifted his eyebrow at Sherlock’s weak attempt to show he be unsure of whom Colin spoke.
He saw Sherlock’s eyes soften; saw in them the gratefulness that his flatmate wouldn’t leave him alone in the otherwise empty building.  Everyone else’s common sense told them to go to friends’ or families’ homes still blessed with the comfort of heat.  But no, not Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  Not Mr. I’m-Immune-To-Mother-Nature’s-Whims.
; it had to be today.
“I have what you asked for, Sherlock.”  Aldus entered the tent, handing the supplies to Sherlock.
He has stumbled upon the jar of maggots, then, mistaking its contents for rice pudding.  I am dismayed; not only due to my forthcoming early demise, but that not even John is observant enough to notice the difference between larvae and his favorite dessert.
“Thou be sure?  Thou will not be bored?”
“Because if I’m to die at anyone’s hands, I want them to be yours. Besides, his people are incompetent, and you won’t miss.”
I stand in the doorway.  The blinds are closed, shutting out the bright sun, the light in the room coming from a small bedside lamp.  The benign scent of pansies wafts from the scented wax warmer on the bureau.  The warmer is practically hidden amongst the dozen and a half framed photos propped up, facing our bed.  Photos of Katie and her family.  Of Mary, sitting in a rocking chair cradling a tiny baby, Katie.   Of siblings and parents long gone but forever held in our hearts.  Of John and me.
list.)
He didn’t have to wait long, for the next day he heard, ‘Come on honeykins, just one little kiss for your pookie bear?”
“Stop it, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, love.  Thee be not ill, be thee?”  John touched the back of a hand to Sherlock’s forehead.  “Your skin be not too warm, but tis cold out and thee be not yet healed.  Here, let me put my cloak on thee.”
John.
“Do you ever think about having sex?  I mean, correct me if I’m wrong, but I don’t think you have ever, uhm, ever fornicated, and I want to know how you feel about it.”
“I am sorry, John.  You kept pressing and anyway, it does not matter.  It is ancient history.  Can we just get on with our afternoon now?”  I try to sound annoyed; the truth is I am scared.  What if this impulsive confession changes a friendship that has been so comfortable for so long?  What if, after all these years, I have finally driven John away?  I cannot think about that now.  What is done is done; I cannot unsay the words.
A.G.R.A.
I head to the fireplace, but John blocks me with an arm and shakes his head.  Taking the torch from the mantel, he turns it on, and kneeling so he can follow its beam up the chimney, he nearly tips over as he exclaims, “
“I do not
I get up from the chair and walk over, kicking my slippers off.  I climb onto the bed, lying stiffly on my back beside him, my arms at my side.
He smiled.
… James and Bunnykins(!) had spoken the morning of her death, arranging for a quiet dinner that evening and, in her journal, she had debated which dress and shoes she would take to work so that she could make him fall in love with her “just a little bit more.” She had then expressed guilt over leaving Herbert alone so much; perhaps, she had pondered, she would need to look into hiring a pet carer or, “If there are dog daycares, there must be for cats, too.”
Startled, John dropped the bloody clothing and spun toward Aldus. “What do you mean twas your fault?”
“When did you last see Simon? Where does he live? Why do you think he came after you?” Sherlock steepled the tips of his hands to his lips.
Sherlock’s chest, in its fitted tunic, displayed broad shoulders and a tapered waist.  The better to be held.
Don’t panic, John, everything will be okay.  Sherlock wants to get married, he said so; hell, he proposed to you.  And he’s seemed excited, but…it wouldn’t be the first time he’s lied to you.  I take a deep breath and text Sherlock.
“Ahhh.”  John smiled back.  “Come here.”  He waved his hand, and Sherlock crawled up, flopping onto his stomach and laying his head next to John’s.
John hesitated.  But only for a moment.  He had one of those rare moments where he didn’t think it through; he didn’t second guess himself or question why.  He just did it.  Wrapping his hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck, he brought the chiseled face down as he lifted his own up.  To put his lips on Sherlock’s.
Turning the page of the newspaper, he says, “Well you’d best get used to it.  Soon I’ll be seeing a lot more of you.  A lot.”  Even the giggle that follows is smirky.
“But, Sherlock, you-”
Sherlock wedged his hand between Mayhew’s buttocks and the chair, retrieving a wallet from Mayhew’s back pocket. Flipping through the wallet and fingering through the post on the counter, the realization hit him: the man sitting in front of him may not be Preston Mayhew.
Since coupling with Sherlock he had had no desire to lie with any other.  Sober, or drunk, it appeared.  But why had he drunk so much that he be inebriated?  The only times he be known to overindulge be when he be particularly troubled.  Twas called ‘drowning one’s sorrows’ for a reason, he thought, dryly.
It took every bit of self-control he had ever developed not to grab the bastard by the throat, to squeeze the last breath of life out of the piece of slime that Magnussen was.  But no, he endured the humiliation, swallowed the bile that was rising in his throat and held on to what little composure he had.
His mouth.
With Mycroft gone, Sherlock sat motionless, trying to absorb what he had heard.  He finally reached over to the bag and opened it, taking out the boots and the uniform that, though obviously recently laundered, was still stained with blood.  At the bottom of the bag was a small padded envelope.  Opening it he found a ball chain necklace from which hung a set of dog tags.
Weariness etched creases into the corners of John’s eyes, sagged his limbs, as he walked over to where Eduard lay and hovered a hand above his mouth. Twas unnecessary, Sherlock thought. No one could survive the loss of so much blood. Blood that had soaked Eduard’s clothes and seeped into the white bedding below him, turning it crimson.
grandson.”
John had shrugged. “It’s not about the drinking. Sometimes, it helps to be around people even if you don’t want to talk.”
“But, I need you to know I be sorry.  I did not mean—I did not mean to hurt-”
“John?”
“How about I get you home, hmm?  Get you into some warm clothes.  Do you still live in Regents Place?”
Sherlock lay down on the bed, his mind growing hazy, his body limp. A blanket covering him, he sank into the bed, too weary to protest the straws from the mattress poking into him. His last conscious thoughts before he fell asleep were of a hand stroking his hair, a low voice whispering, “Right the old woman twas. Thou be beautiful. So beautiful…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good, I be glad to hear it.”  Sir John clapped him on the arm and looked to Colin.
John peered at the screen and shook his head.  “No, it’s not familiar, but then who in the hell remembers telephone numbers?  Wait.  Call Janine.  Ask if Mary is with her.”
“I be Colin, Sir.”  Unsure if one bowed to a Knight, Colin settled on a small nod.  His attention divided, his gaze followed Sherlock’s retreat to the tents.
Three minutes passed before Sherlock finally spoke.
When Andi had come downstairs, ready to leave for the Ram’s Head, she had looked first at the stooped, raspy-haired man, puzzled. Asking John, “Did Sherlock leave already? He didn’t give me an assignment,” she had stepped back, startled, when the aging man spoke.
John weighed the offer and, seeing no downside, conceded. “Okay.” At least it would get Sherlock out of his way.
Thanks to all who tagged along; I hope you enjoyed it.  :-)
“I want to help you with the dishes.”  I roll my eyes.  Obviously.  Why else does one use dish towels?
“I told you, I want
(See the end of the chapter for
Agent Hawthorne’s hand patted down the air. “We aren’t here to hurt you, Mr. Holmes; we’re here to make sure Agent Rasperson is safe. Though, it would be to your benefit to go with us quietly.”
Sherlock paused the video, lingering on John’s reflection, before pushing Play and watching him finger-comb his hair and head outside to join Anthea in the car. Without saying a word about anything that had been amiss. Perhaps John hadn’t realized anything had been.
“Of course, it is,” John said, frowning. “Who else would I be?”
wanted to do?’  I’m not complaining; Katie is a blessing and there is no other way I would have wanted to spend my life, but I can’t help think
“Mary Poppins?” John prompted.
“Boss!”
John!  Turn around!  I cannot see your back!
He couldn’t tell Sherlock to his face how he’d betrayed him. How, even if Sherlock would forgive him (and how could he?), John couldn’t forgive himself for becoming the most boring of clichés, a cheating spouse.
I turn my face away from him even though he cannot see me in the dark.
“Sherlock!  No!  What
A lifetime.
want him to touch me.”  Sherlock clamped his mouth shut and glared at Aldus.
“I didn’t mean to hurt you, sweetheart.  I honestly thought you would be happy to see me publish a book.  I thought it would be a wonderful present for you, but I see I went about it the wrong way.”
Sherlock looked to the saw, a specialized tool that, with its handles, looked more like exercise equipment than an instrument of destruction. And even from where he stood several feet away, he could see blood and bits of flesh still clinging to it. “So. Our thief was clever.” Sherlock nodded thoughtfully. “He—almost always a he in these cases—brought with him a tool that he couldn’t be certain would be available and that would do the job within a few minutes, thereby minimizing his chance of being detected.”
Sipping the ale Cedric brought for him, John rested the mazer on his thigh.  “Were there any signs of where the intruder came from, or to where he went?  Be there only one man?  What do we know?”
Down, down, my mouth lowers to meet his. I moisten my lips in preparation, already feeling slightly dizzy from the sweetness that will soon meet them. Down…
“No, thee not be common…ouch!” A playful gigg followed John’s protest to the pinch Sherlock gave him.  “Twas not an insult by any means.”
“What was that?” John asked, nuzzling Sherlock’s neck.
“I do not like this, John.”
“I do not pout.”  Sherlock tugged his arm back.
“What? Then what was your purpose in bringing me here? If Mrs. Hudson is safe from him without my assistance, that means I wasn’t necessary. Meaning, you brought me here on pretense.” Sherlock’s flush of victory from knowing that he had been correct about not being needed, collapsed with the realization that deep inside there had bloomed an tiny hope that, yes, he
I deserve you, and assuming there’s an answer.”
He turns around and looks at me.
“The kitchen is over there. The toilet, here. And,” Sherlock said, moving deeper down the hall, “this is my bedroom, but you can use it until you’re up to taking the flight of stairs to your room. I’ll sleep on the sofa.”
an interesting situation, ahem, arising. And with only the 600 thread count sheet between his hand and the object of his desire, he wrapped that silky fabric around it and stroked, giving Sherlock an idea of what he'd like to be doing to him once they got home. Sherlock's agreeable cock gave John its rapt attention, becoming engorged at an alarming rate.  And when a particular individual who held a minor position in the government, walked into the room, John found he needed to share some of the ample sheet
“You go on dear, I’m sure Sherlock will be delighted to see you.  He’s missed you, you know.”
For hours, they had prepared.  Had planned down to the minutest detail, giving Sherlock every advantage to see that he succeeded.  Aldus had practiced with him until Sherlock could not bear it any longer.  “Tedious!”  Cedric had sharpened the weapons- a sword, a dagger to hide in each boot, and one to hide underneath Sherlock’s cloak.  John had fitted him with protective padding and any piece of his armor they could fit on Sherlock’s slim frame without restricting his movements.
The other prisoner stepped close enough to him that John opened his eyes, wondering what the other man wanted.  It was unusual for anyone to shower side by side unless they had ‘business’ to attend to and there was no one here that he felt the need to interact with.
“Child?  What child?  Whose child?”  Mid-stride, Colin stopped and spun toward Sherlock.
Lightheaded, Sherlock would have laughed had it not been so absurd—John’s memories had now been stolen twice. But if he laughed, he would have felt as if the very act of doing so might tip him over the edge. And that, he couldn’t afford to do.
John cleared his throat; he still had things to say.  Important things.  He looked Sherlock straight in the eye, determined.
“You made sure the rings are still in your pocket, didn’t you?”
“Don’t raise your voice at me.  You don’t need those ridiculous things; they aren’t good for you.  I threw them away.”
But looking at John’s wan face, Sherlock couldn’t deny that he should have been more forceful in getting John to remain behind. While it would help, John’s presence wouldn’t strictly be necessary; Sherlock could still carry out his plan.
activities.
Andi took off her glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose. They needed to find Simon, and soon. He was the monster they had made, and yet they didn’t know where he was or what he would do next. The hole burning in her stomach told her that she didn’t want to face what she truly feared. The incidents with James and Spencer were minor, they had harmed only themselves, but Simon’s skills had progressed exponentially, and with the track he was on, there could soon be mass casualties.
He closes his bedroom door and I hear him rummaging through his drawers, pulling clothing off the hangars in his closet.  Pulling the nails out of the walls where he hung pictures of him and Katie, pictures of him and me from our crime fighting days.
“Yes.” Sherlock closed his own eyes and held John’s hand a little firmer. He thought about John’s lips and wondered when he would get to kiss them…
No, this is not what I want to say, to talk about cell phone disruptions and the sad state of UK cellular communications.
“When you were much younger, before you married your wife, you lived with your husband, did you not?  Did your wife know you were bisexual?  Did you carry on your affair while you were married?”
John tilted his head, looking closer at Sherlock.
Photographs. Few pictures of people; perhaps taken by James since she featured in none of them? But there she was in full view in the selfies she had taken around the world—Bangkok, Amsterdam, Sydney, and an African safari that appeared to have been taken just months ago.
“Sherlock,” Sir John said under his breath.
Readied for bed, Laila knelt beside it.  Twas later than usual, but sleep would elude her for most of the night.
“Yes, Sherlock?”
I can do.”
“The flowers below your bedchamber window.  Your servant does not empty the chamber pot out that window; she empties it out a window farther down the wall.  Millicent becomes ill suddenly, so she leans out your window.  Thus, the flowers be dead.”
“Yes, yes I should have, you goof.”
Thankfully she doesn’t ask why I suggested she call him ‘Papa’.
“’Go fuck yourself, Sherlock!’”  This John says as he gasps for air, still wiping his eyes.  “I’m sorry, love, really.  I’m not trying to be rude; I mean it only in the most literal sense.  Your prostate health is a serious issue to me.”
"Hello, welcome to our wedding day. I am sure John would welcome you, too, were he up, but you do know how he likes his sleep. I hope he does not sleep through the day; I would look rather ridiculous marrying myself.  Anyway, I am here to tell you John will be writing today's entry. I apologise in advance for inflicting his meager writing skills on you; it will regrettably be laced with much profanity, I am sure. But I do love him so and I know he will be pleased; as of late he has not had the opportunity to spend much time on his  blog.  Sex, you know.  It is very time consuming. (No, you do NOT get to be privy to our wedding night!)  I must off, now. Enjoy the wedding."
Rummaging through his sock drawer to find a matching pair, he felt a piece of paper at the bottom.  Pulling the wad of socks out and setting it on the bureau, he discovered four envelopes, all addressed to Mary.  Puzzled, he inspected their contents.  Opening them one by one, it baffled him further to see each contained only one piece of paper.  Each with a single word apiece.  They appeared to be names, but he couldn’t be sure.
As he stroked Rose’s ear, Simon thought about the last few days. They had been busy ones, and he knew he was behind schedule in sending Sherlock’s next puzzle. As much fun as it was being a serial murderer, it could be taxing at times, so much to do, especially now that his plans were coming to a head. He retrieved a sheet of linen stationery—scented, of course—and crafted his note to Sherlock, buoyed by the thought that if he hurried, he could interrupt Sherlock and Dr. Watson’s tête-à-tête.
“Geoff!” John called for the nurse, a burst of light permeating the room in response. “Geoff, pull the chair over so he can sit down!”
Hmph.  Not at
“Have I got you stumped?” Simon asked, his tone edged with glee. “Have I outsmarted our brilliant detective?”
“Two million pounds,” Nika repeated in her resolve to get what she wanted. “And I need a new name. You’ve done it before; you can do it again.”
be having a good time.”  Sherlock wanted to sound stern, but he be so filled with gratitude and relief, and, well,
“What?”  Sherlock asked brusquely.  He really was tired of this, not to mention the fact that he was getting cold.
“Yes, that he was.  I be so, so grateful I was able to see him before he died.  It did not give us back the years we lost, but it will ease my regrets for what happened between us, knowing he tried to find Sherlock and me.  My only regret now be that I was so capable of hiding us from William.”
After trudging up the stairs, when John entered the room twas as he feared, only Aldus and Cedric be there.  Twas no sign of Sherlock.
“My most sincere apologies, ma’am, but no one is able to leave until—”
“I should be back in a couple of days.  Text me to let me know what information you get from Tracy.”  Sherlock didn’t bother with saying goodbye, abruptly disconnecting the call with the assumption John would do as asked without any more questions.
“So anyway, my beautiful genius, what were you going to tell me I’m right about?”
“No, Sherlock, I did not put anything in your wine. Now will you let me go back to sleep, please.  It’s…”  He squints at the clock and groans.  “It’s only 3:30 and we didn’t get to sleep until midnight.”  He rolls onto his back and throws his arm over his eyes.  He has quit hugging my pillow.  He has quit hugging
Mrs Hudson had not had to wait long for a response. The next morning Sherlock Holmes had shown up at 221 Baker Street. Martha had opened the door, still dressed in her dressing gown, ready to blister whoever it was disturbing her sleep. What she found on her stoop was a tall, slender man with a long coat, who looked debonair and haughty. Martha drew herself up straighter in response, she opened her mouth to say something, only to be overrun.
“I know, but you gave her an amazing gift,” Luther soothed the little girl the best he could, but there was no consoling her. She cried like her heart was broken.
“Why?” Sherlock took an elegant sip of his tea. He definitely went to public school.
John was just leaving the surgery, when he got a text from Sherlock. Demanding, as always, that he stop and pick up milk before coming home. In the month that they had been living together, John had yet to see Sherlock actually go and buy groceries. In fact, Sherlock had barely left the flat, unless of course he had a crime scene to go to.
Very rarely Mary would send him a letter as well. It never said a lot, but almost always included money. John refused to spend it. Rather he diligently put the money in a savings account he had opened for Rosie. Those letters never mentioned that last night, or the previous months leading up to Mary's breakdown. John had forgiven Mary a long time ago, if that was even the word. He had hated the action that she had taken, but he couldn't hold her accountable for it.
John thought of Sherlock, long, lean and wild in the moonlight. Perfect. Even after everything that happened the past full moon, he was strangely untouchable in John’s mind.
“Oh the usual bit.” Sherlock smiled at him, charmed by this man. “I grew up in a house by the sea, with rather absent parents and a older brother who loved to boss me around. I was convinced the house was haunted by the ghost of a pirate named Red-beard.”
“Well maybe I am not ready,” Sherlock growled. “We haven’t even discussed what the bump’s last name is going to be.”
The only time John had shown his dominance was during their first initial encounter in the forest. And Sherlock had enjoyed it immensely. He had wanked to the memory until he was raw. Not just the sex, though that had been the highlight of the evening. For the first time Sherlock had enjoyed running with somebody, chasing and playing. Mock fighting. Even now, the mere memory was exhilarating and titillating.
“Daddy helped. A tiny bit,” Rosie added. “Can I have a peppermint stick off the tree while we wait for them to cook?” She asked her dad.
John couldn’t get the image of a cub with Sherlock’s grey eyes and dark curls out of his mind.
Happy Holidays all! Thank you all for reading and taking the time to leave comments and kudos, they are all appreciated. I hope you enjoyed!
“Flatshare?” John inquired. “Shite. You are the omega in 221B?”
“Might not be a bad idea,” Sherlock murmured. “If this what I fear, I don't think you want her to see.”
“I’ve been thinking about you since the first night in the woods,” John confided as he pushed his hips forward.
“By my name of course,” Sherlock struggled to sit up straight.
“I can bloody well try,” Sherlock huffed.
“Do shut up Mycroft,” John stated pleasantly. “I would hate to have to kill my mate’s brother.
Before he had found a caretaker for his daughter, he had received a divorce decree in the post. Mary had been back at her parent's house for less than a month when it had arrived, along with a letter addressed to Rosie. John had signed the decree and sent it back, certified mail. The letter he had placed in a wooden box he had set aside for that alone. Every couple of months a letter would arrive in the post, addressed to Rosie. Each one got placed in the box, unopened.  They were for his daughter, and he wanted her to have the option of reading them when she was ready.
“Do calm down,” the man chided. “I am not threatening Sherlock.”
She elbowed Lestrade in the ribs, “what is going on with the Freak?”
After John got off the phone, he sat outside shoulder to shoulder with Sherlock. They stared into the pit of hell itself.
“Mm,” John kept Sherlock steady, as they made their way back to the table.
“Come on John, quit dithering and fuck me already.”
This whole thing was simply intolerable.
Sherlock wanted more of that lovely heat. Since their first meeting in the forest, John had not touched him in a blatantly sexual manner. Sherlock wanted him to. He wanted sex. Even if the intimacy John would expect with it made Sherlock a bit anxious. It wouldn’t be just a shag in the forest this time, instinct and fire overriding common sense. It would mean something.
“Of course not,” John soothed, picking his words with care. “You are dehydrated though, an IV would fix that right up.”
Which is why it was so god damn funny that five years later, he was raising their daughter Rosie in the Mumbles, while Mary had ran back to London, within a year of their daughter's birth. It had been the right thing for Mary. Hell it had been the right thing for their tiny family.
“Dr. Watson, I am calling to let you know that Esme got into another fight,” Miss Molly was a nice enough teacher, too nice. Esme liked her, most days.
“Fine,” John grinned. “I was thinking of ordering in some Korean food, you want some?”
“Has this been happening often?” John questioned softly, as he helped Sherlock to his feet.
John grinned, before shifting into his wolf. He was going to hold his mate to that.
This was his life now.
“Shut up,” Sherlock turned his head into a pillow. “They’re sensitive.”
“Of course I can delete pregnancy, since it is not something that I shall ever experience,” Sherlock was getting bored with the redundancy of the conversation.
“More information than I ever needed to know,” Sherlock smiled back. “And the butcher totally wants into your knickers.”
“Was it?” John asked, looking intrigued.
As Sherlock loped out of the forest, John grinned. The hunt, whether the omega knows it or not, was on. He had a mate to woo and win.
Rosie cheered and went tearing off through the house, Dodger at her heels.
“If it makes you feel any better, I rent my flat from a landlady who is haunted by her serial killer ex husband,” Sherlock smiled grimly. “I do have two spare rooms however.”
Sherlock and Donovan both snarled at the grey haired beta.
“Yes, but still it’s always a lovely surprise,” Dr. Cass smiled at the omega. “Now, you are doing well.”
“Yes. We really need to work on your observational skills,” Sherlock murmured, as he led the way to John’s bedroom. He didn’t want to disturb the experiment taking over his own bed. He wasted no time stripping out of his dressing gown and laying down on John’s immaculately made bed.
“Mm,” Sherlock hooked a leg around John’s thigh, opening his body up a bit more. “I’ve been thinking of you for a while.”
“What have you been up to?” Mike asked. “Last I heard you were going off to the Middle East, hoping not to get shot.”
Sherlock ran his hand down his once flat stomach, turning to the side to get another perspective. The bump was more obvious that way.
“As a male omega, my chances of premature delivery are higher,” Sherlock intoned. “I know.”
During the initial meet and greet with the betas, Sherlock had not been present. In fact, Lestrade had been adamant that the omega would most likely not be bothered to run with the pack. Sherlock rarely abided by social convention, be it were or human. The only time he claimed pack allegiance was when it suited his needs. Whatever those might be at any given time.
John grabbed Sherlock’s wrist, as the man raised his hand to hail a cab. He couldn’t help but bury his nose in those dark curls, inhaling as much of the scent as possible.
John basked in the vision of Sherlock nude in the moonlight. His skin’s glow seemed to rival that of Luna. The alpha couldn’t stop his hands, as they reached around Sherlock’s hips, to rest on the bump growing there. The omega allowed it for several minutes. Before stepping away.
Sherlock dipped another barbeque crisp into the butterscotch pudding. Right now it was the only craving that he could satisfy.
That was their demon spawn.
John wanted to shake his wife. To make her see.
Mycroft seemed to understand the unstated threat, as he shut his mouth and stepped to the side. As John herded his mate to the door, he let out one last parting shot. “I’ll just remain here and supervise the movers then.”
In the distance, John could see Sherlock. For once the omega appeared to be waiting for him. The doctor tried not to put too much stock in it. And failed. Miserably.
“True enough,” John returned mildly. “We could always turn one of our bedrooms into a nursery.”
There were drawbacks. Only a few alphas were born each year, and even fewer omegas. Before they had come out of hiding, things had been even. Now, however there was a surplus of betas, and not enough alphas and omegas to go around. The imbalance left the pack, a smaller scale of society, in discord. Improper aggression and incompetence in the work place were only a few of the symptoms of the imbalance of society.
“Mr. Holmes please,” the doctor began again. “We were concerned with how severely dehydrated you were.”
John’s orgasm took his breath away from him, as he slumped over the omega’s form. His hips continued to hump forward, as his prick was milked of every drop of his release. His knot was the only thing keeping his cum from seeping out of Sherlock’s abused hole. He maneuvered them onto their sides, so that his knot would not injure the other man. With a sense of misplaced affection, he was sure Sherlock would disdain, John carefully petted the omega’s ribs, counting each bone before rubbing the smooth skin of his stomach. He could almost feel it growing with the sheer volume of his seed still pumping into him.
“Well,” Mycroft huffed. “I already feel sorry for this pup, with you two for fathers.”
A wolf, John assumed was Sherlock slunk into the clearing, a tall, rangy black wolf with stormy eyes. Ignoring all of the social dynamics of the pack, Sherlock showed no deference to John. It was intriguing.
“If you knew then why fight it so hard,” John couldn’t help but question, even though he was too exhilarated to really care about the answer.
Mike nodded silently. “I can set up a time for you to meet him, see the flat,” he offered.
John does not often feel tongue-tied. Being an alpha in both the army, as well as the medical field, did not lead one to bouts of introversion.
John had fallen ass over tea kettle in debt trying to finance the cottage she had wanted their child raised in.
“Don’t try to humor me doctor,” Sherlock growled. “You are an alpha, the pup should have your last name.”
John and Sherlock leaned forward, and with the natural grace of story teller, Luther started talking.
Sherlock unfroze and sniffed delicately. “Of course not, I am just unsure if I want to share my personal space with you.”
And Sherlock would pout. Then he would simmer, every little thing a constant irritant. Then the shouting would begin. It would go on for days, until it reached John’s breaking point. Sherlock had withdrawn into himself. Quiet and if was anybody other than Sherlock, John would say forlorn. John couldn’t stand to see him that way, like a sculpture made of ice.
“So tell me about Joey and her stories,” Sherlock began carefully, not wanting to spook Rosie.
Sherlock wiggled until he was positioned on his side, “like this.”
Just as John was approaching the front door, a slender whirlwind burst out of it. A long, dark coat swirled around trouser clad legs. Chaotic curls and pale skin. And that scent. John knew that scent, intimately. Though it had changed somehow in the past month. Before it had been cool, crisp like an autumn day in the park. Now it was warm, almost drugging. Cinnamon buns being cooked from scratch. Warm, yeasty. Sweet. John’s.
“Of course you do,” John murmured, his fingers still carding through Sherlock’s dark curls. “Relax, love. You’ll have fun.”
“You shouldn't seem so excited and happy to be in a haunted house,” John laughed.
John was several steps behind Sherlock, when he heard Donovan’s spiteful voice. “Always knew you were just another omega bitch, Freak.”
The small tinkling doorbell rang, and the eerie giggling from the dining room stopped suddenly. John grabbed a dishtowel for his hands, wondering if Luther had changed his mind about dinner. He meandered his way to the door, in no real rush. The wavy glass inlaid into the front door distorted the shadow of the visitor. The doorknob was cold under his fingers, as he tried to twist it open. The door refused to open. It wasn't jammed. The wood was not swollen with moisture. It was the middle of winter, and the air was dry as a brittle bone. John put his weight behind his attempt, his leg aching as he tried to bully the damn door open. The knob was so cold his hand was cramping up.
“Yeah okay, set up a time for me to see the flat,” John decided. “It can’t hurt, right?”
“Hello Dr Watson, I am Sherlock Holmes. I am here about your ghost problem.”
“I’m not pregnant,” Sherlock huffed. “Even if I was, what ‘we’ is there?”
“Hello Dr Watson, I am Sherlock Holmes. I am here about your ghost problem.”
The former army doctor ignored the awkward silence that surrounded him and Mike, preferring to watch passing people as he sipped his coffee.
John nodded silently in encouragement, petting her hair much like Rosie was petting Dodger's ears. Self comfort for the win.
“What's wrong little dove?” Luther asked softly, as he petted her hair.
Subtleness had been an art John had been forced to appreciate when he started courting Sherlock. He carefully ran a hand from his mate’s dark curls, down the curve of his spine, until it rested in the small of his back. He could feel Sherlock relax under his hand.
“Says who?” Sherlock demanded, outraged at the very idea of not consulting.
It turned out that John in fact did know somebody who would talk to him. John didn't have to go into the surgery today, since it was Christmas Eve and Rosie did not have school, they sat around the dining room table with tea and scones. Rosie was outside with Dodger, building a snowman. John kept one eye on her, as he introduced Sherlock to Luther.
Sherlock simply pointed at the door, his chest heaving with anger and perhaps a bit of fear.
The doctor simply shook his head and walked out of the exam room.
“What names do you prefer then,” John sighed and started anew on the basinet.
“I have a proposition for you,” the man walked towards John. “You keep me updated on Sherlock’s condition, and I’ll make sure you are richly compensated for your time and trouble.”
Luther sat staring blankly at the window. He took a moment to collect himself.
After Mary had gone back to London John had become a full time GP at the small practice he had previously been a locum at at. His co-workers had been incredibly understanding that he had suddenly become a single parent to an infant. Surprisingly there had not been a lot of questions asked about the situation. Which in John's experience was bloody fucking bizarre. In a township as small as the Mumbles, he had expected a lot of well meaning nosiness. Instead he had been met with rather a lot of knowing looks exchanged between the locals. John hadn't had the time to dwell on it for long. Rosie as an infant had been golden, but like all children change did not come easy. A routine disturbed was hell on the nerves, for all the  parties involved.
“Mmmm,” John grunted, catching his breath and climbing to the second step, the muscles of his “good” leg already screaming. And perching his crutches on the third step, he saw another problem. “Com’on, out of my way,” he said, still huffing from exertion as he looked into the face of the detective sat a couple of steps up, blocking his way.
He shuddered as he remembered how this perfect life had almost not come to be…
I go into the kitchen and set up my test tubes.  I need to create a pesticide for the foxglove infestation.
An unfamiliar ringtone sounded, startling them; it took a moment for Sherlock to realize it was his new mobile.
Sherlock’s cheeks grew warm.
John just shook his head fondly and repeated himself, “Just put it up there,” nodding toward the hook above them.
department.  Let’s see.  He’s left-handed, has type O blood, but
“Get.  Your fucking
Yes.  It was time.
“Andi has a picture of Simon, I mean Derek, at the MOD meeting. Rose saw it when she went up to—"
When Kaur’s response came, the transmission crackled so badly she couldn’t tell if the agent said Simon or Sherlock.
‘Would he join her for lunch,’ she asked; she wanted to talk with him about something ‘important’.  How could he deny her?   Perhaps true love prevailed. Perhaps she changed her mind and decided a life without him wasn’t what she wanted after all.  He never quite got over her; maybe it was the same for Mary.
part?  Twas that Gareth and Millicent would not have to share one farthing of her inheritance.  Surely the old man would soon be dead if he be not already, and the entire inheritance would be hers.
Even though Sherlock protested to watching the video, he is as mesmerised as I am by what takes place on the screen.
Sherlock focused on Mycroft’s face.  Not because he was inclined to look at his brother so closely, but because he had to focus on
“The man sitting on the ground; you said he was dead.  He’s not, just taking a break.”  John has that look on his face I would know if I were unconscious, let alone arsed…he is losing patience.
“The point of a bucket…pail list, is it’s about things you want to do for
“Yes, love,” John said, amusement playing about his eyes and mouth.  “So what be the answer to my question?  How will we bring Cedric out of hiding?
Aldus hesitated, his hand on the pommel of his sword.
The deduction came to Sherlock as James’s death once more intruded into his thinking. The vividness of her death, the finality of it, added to the already painful memory of seeing, no, feeling, John hit by the cab. It ripped a bolt of pain through his body as if it had been John who had died. Had he been misleading himself his whole life, thinking that to get involved with someone would be the problem, not the almost inevitable loss of them? Or, the fear of loss, as when John was injured? Clearly, he had been.
How can you know?  You cannot see me with your eyes covered like that.  Besides, John, I do not
Sherlock scooted deeper into the curve of John’s body and closed his eyes.
John stands in front of me at the concrete banister in front of the lake as we await the next performance of the world-renowned ‘dancing’ fountain.  Pulling him into my arms, his body heat in the too warm night raises my own body temperature to an almost unbearable level; it is a torment I will gladly suffer. The strains of Rachmaninov’s Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini begin to pour from the speakers and I hold him closer, swaying us to the music.  At first I am riveted by the jets of water shooting high into the air as if from a cannon, dancing enchantingly in time with the music.  As rapturous as is the sight and sound around me, nothing is more rapturous than the man I hold in my arms.   John.  My John.  My lips find his jaw; it is smooth and soft, fresh from his shave.   John tilts his head back and kisses me, his lips soft and pliable, gently caressing mine as if they are making love to my mouth.  My head grows light; I am intoxicated.
John reached for her arm, helping her up. “Please, arise. There be no cause to dirty yourself on my account. I am but a humble servant.”
“I do not want to see just anyone, John; I want Dr. Hussein in Cardiff.  You know how particular I am.”  Picking up John’s bag, I push it at him until he takes it.  I wrinkle my face to show him how much discomfort I am in, amazed at how easily deception has come back to me.  Why I should be surprised, I do not know.  Never has there been anything I could not accomplish once I put my incomparable mind to it.
I melt.
I catch my breath enough to say, “No, John. I mean it this time; you are an idiot if you think I do not want to kiss you.”
“You didn't tell me, did you ever see the cabbie there?” Sherlock had knelt next to John’s chair, propping the open laptop on the arm. He pulled back as far as he could while still enabling John to see the screen, the scent of John’s skin too intoxicating to be closer than need be.
He should have listened to his own counsel no matter how persuasive Sherlock had been.
I peer closely at him.  The smile appears to be genuine.  I smile back; he has seen my point of view and heartily agrees.
Detective Inspector, I did
“Because, he would have to see thee one last time.  Tis what I would do.”
He closes the door and goes into the kitchen to make a cuppa; this is how he soothes himself when his heart has a hole. After Mary died I feared he would float away from the amount of tea he drank. Earl grey, peach, apple cinnamon, breakfast, mint; he even tried chai.  The list was endless; I never knew there so many kinds of tea. But he said if it was not tea it would be alcohol and dammit if he would follow Harry into the grave, especially with little Katie on his hands. Katie needed him. I silently added I needed him, too.
When he lets go and turns away from me, I take me and my puddle below the covers and press my lips, my tongue, to him.  I kiss and lick and suck the patch of skin laid bare before me.  Soon his body is pressing into me and I am floating on a cloud.
“Who is it?” John called out.
“But you never expected that the favor would put you back into a, well, a threatening place.”
“And that,
“I am sorry you have to see me this way, John.”  I rub at my nose one more time.
John groaned at the sight of Sir Norman riding toward him. Christ, he did not have the time or the patience for that pompous arse.
I am pleased with the simplicity of my plan.  After all, how difficult can it be to successfully execute?
One day I got a knock on the door.  A Mr. Abernathy came to consult with me. I called John up to the flat; he started sitting in on more interviews as Katie got older and did not need his constant attention.  Occasionally he joined me on my cases, though he limited his involvement to the less dangerous ones.
, is a one he takes pride in.  One with which he is comfortable, eager almost, to talk about.  His eyes are bright and amiable, his hands loosely folded in front of him.
Waiting until Bird Woman finished, the leader thanked her and stood.
“Sherlock!” This voice, unlike the other, was female.
love of my life; London never felt sweeter.  Quite by surprise, I engaged in a heartfelt conversation with Mycroft, which if I am not wrong, may pave a smoother path for us in the future.  Katie learned Uncle Sherlock will become an Official Member of the family.  And most prodigious of all, I became engaged to the best and wisest man I have ever known, a circumstance which humbles me as nothing ever has.  (Unbeknownst to me, sometime in life I accumulated a scant number of cells deep in the recesses of my heart labeled ‘humility’.  It took a brave soldier with a sure hand and steady heart to find them.)
“What, then?”  John asked, not looking up from where he worked on his blog.  Getting no response, he decided that this particular time Sherlock must not think it worthwhile to engage John in the conversation.  After all, as illuminating as John could sometimes be, it wasn’t always worth Sherlock’s effort to solicit his help.
“That is preposterous!  I would never say such a thing!”
“Colin, I swear.” Aldus grabbed the boots, muttering as Colin urged him to move faster, “I can put on my own shoes.  Leave me be.”
John grunted. “Well, even if you doubt it, do me the favor of getting some fruit or something from the kitchen. One patient around here is enough.”
“What I mean, love, is has thou ever done it for thyself.  I mean, I know thou…” Anger surged through John as he thought of the bastards who coerced Sherlock to “perform.”  Steeling himself, he plowed through.  “What I ask is, has thou done it for love?  For thy own desire?  Not because thou be compelled or because thou thought it ought be done. ”
~~**~~
“Now who’s being preposterous, eh? Do you think I would stay with you for 20 years if you didn’t make me happy?”  John caresses my abdomen, the palm of his hand smooth.  “Nobody,
“I do not say tis true, but if it were, what concern be it of yours?”
John cocked an eyebrow.
, dear brother, from what MOD could determine, the chip in your friend was one of about a dozen that had been stolen.
Sherlock found the micro card and inserted it into his laptop. The video was short, no more than two minutes long, and was dated several days after John moved in. He had gone down to Speedy’s to pick up lunch.
"Trust..." Sherlock pondered the question. "I do not believe she will harm me."
Sherlock sped on, and reaching the fourth floor, he heard Simon’s voice behind a door to the left; to the right, he heard the bell of the arriving lift.
John rolled over and glared at Sherlock.
What the fuck.
“John, do you remember the Jordan case?”
Eduard leaned over to him and, whispering, said, “His name be
He does not look over at me, instead continuing to inhale deeply from the festive envelope.  An invitation?  An invitation to a private tryst on an exotic island?  He
Janine pulled the mask down over her face before cautiously climbing out the window and onto the roof.  The drop from where she would perch afforded no room for error; she would surely be killed if she made one misstep and fell.  The Dragonuv rested on her back, secured by a sturdy strap draped over her shoulder.
“I could not think of a gift to buy you for our anniversary so I thought that might be something you like.”
“Yes, it has come to my attention. Very
“I don't know. Wait here,” Sherlock said, to which he got a look that said,
Drat you, John Watson!
“The tall, thin bloke? The one who looks down his nose at everyone, and never says anything unless tis a sharp rebuke?  He?
Letting go, I move toward the kitchen, “Chamomile or Earl Grey?” I ask, not waiting for answer.  I need to fix John.
Colin rose and, taking their emptied mazers, set them on the table.  The folded shirt sitting on her lap he put atop the neat pile of laundry to her side.  “You be tired.  I think you have had enough for one night.”
“Complications?”
He felt the cool air on his back as something lifted his jacket.  Felt Sherlock’s fingers connect lightly with him as the weight against his lower spine disappeared.  Saw something dark and metallic extending from Sherlock’s hand as it rose from beside his body.
“Twas simple enough to construe.  Your hands be those of someone who works with fire and iron.  Burns on your fingers and arms where the sparks landed, the grayish hues you have not been able to wash from your skin.  The thick knobs of skin where you held your tongs and hammer.  Some of this could be attributed to other types of labour, but your arms be very strong and your legs not.  I be not sure of it until you said so.  Now.  Be you able to modify Sir John’s suit?  And within the time allotted? It will need to be as sound as if were made for me.”
The ride back to the cottage was preternaturally quiet.  John watched the vehicles and buildings they passed, absorbed in his own world.   Sherlock kept a wary eye out for police, careful to avoid making any traffic errors; it would not do to be stopped.
He does not seem to mind my new position, in fact he seems to almost be…purring.  Interesting.  I have never thought of him as catlike.  A cougar, perhaps?  No, a lion.  Yes, most definitely a lion.
“No. You’re coming with me.” Sherlock sped back, and grabbing the chair’s handles, started to push. “What good am I when I’m not with you? It’s the two of us, John.”
“They’re not there, dear.”
“Rose is a robot, John! A puppet, whatever you want to call her. She is taking my commands from a computer app on Simon’s mobile. Fantastic, isn’t it!”
Snapping from his haze, Sherlock summoned all of his senses and pushed them to their limits. Orienting himself to the objects around them, he braked the scooter just so. Touched the heel of his shoe to the road and steered the scooter into the skid the precise number of degrees to right their course. And when they came to a stop uninjured and out of harm’s way, he breathed again. Prying Andi’s hands and arms from him, he got off the scooter; she remained behind, frozen in place.
“You are amazing, you know that?  Absolutely fucking amazing.”
“What do you want Mycroft?....No, I gave it to a band of gypsies ~ of course I still have the car…..It will have to wait; I have work to do.”
John named his child after him.
Moriarty?
Refusing to tell my daughter I am in love.  Why is he hiding me from her?  The only conclusion I can come to is that he does not love me, it has been an act.  It is unbelievable what a man will do for cheap rent.
I hear the concern in his voice, and I cannot look at him again for fear my eyes will betray me.  Surely my acting talents have withered from lack of use; since retiring from active cases I find there has been little use for them.
Occasionally Sherlock played a pointless game with himself, determining which hurt more, John’s absence or the fact that he had left with no explanation. Without sufficient information as to John’s reasoning, Sherlock tasked himself with filling in the blank, conjuring up endless justifications for why John might have left.  None he found more disturbing and painful than the possibility John was so repulsed at being loved by a man, by
Sherlock’s initial reaction to the suggestion be one of rebuke; a squire be little more than a servant, and he had had his fill of serving.  A lifetime’s worth.  But, he had not been
“Yes,
With a sting in my eyes and a flutter in my chest, I think back to that very first year.  This is our first Christmas as a married couple, but those many years ago was our true first Christmas together, the first we were Sherlock and John, friends and flatmates, not fully realising the depth of our bond or what we would come to mean to each other.
The second time he heard his name, John’s vision cleared enough to see Colin be immobile, his hands at his sides.
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?”
I must make a plan.
Row upon seemingly endless row of identical white headstones perched above the blanket of snow, making a claim to the bodies that lay beneath. Stately, serene. A picturesque setting in which to lay to rest the men and women who had served their country.
Nika let out a soft moan.
Sherlock slumped in his seat, burrowing himself into the deepest crevices of his mind.
If she had ever wondered before, and she hadn’t, she would now know the life of espionage didn’t suit her temperament. The depth of deceit she was involved in and the threat of exposure made her feel she might go a little bit mad.
Sherlock ignored the remark. “Go over every bit of him, looking for brand names, tattoos, skin abnormalities. A signature movement. Anything that might help us find him, or at least identify him if we do.”
be too nice to me, or I really will lose it,” I whisper back to him.  He leans back to where he was, those ungodly blue eyes piercing right through me, concerned.
“John, are you all right?!  I have not injured you have I?!”
“Daiquiri.  It’s a rum-based drink.”
Sliding his eyes sideways to look at Mary, he told her, “It was I who killed Magnussen.”
“I love you, too.”
“Where was Eduard killed? Did you meet anyone who would have followed him? Someone who he would have thought to be a friendly face?”
Retrieving his Sig from the pack, John had racked the slide before slamming a magazine in and racking the slide again to load the chamber. And momentarily taking the luxury of letting the weapon sit in his palm, the heft of it had provided him the closest thing to normalcy he’d felt since the accident.
“John?  What is it…honey?  You ‘just’ what?”  I try not to let my panic fill my voice.
Cocking his eyebrow in skepticism at John’s obvious prevarication, Mycroft said, “He said you tripped and fell.”
“John.”
Somewhere in the back of his brain he realized he would have to get himself to the door to make the would-be intruder go away.  It took a few attempts, but he managed to stand with the aide of the sofa arm.  Stepping over take out cartons half-full of semi-rotted food and empty soda cans, he staggered over to the door.
I hear John scoot his chair back. Wait!  Where are you going?!  Do not leave me here alone.
Sherlock turned the note over to see if anything be written on the other side.  Twas blank.  And turning it over again, he re-read the short message.  No mention of where John be or when he comes back.
Now I know why he looked so sad.
As I continue cleansing myself, I cannot forget the sight of John’s face.  Of the light I saw in his eyes that I have never seen before.  I cannot articulate what it was I saw.  Surprise?  Confusion?  Embarrassment?  No, there was something else, I cannot pin it down.
“How are the chips implanted? It wasn’t done surgically. John remembers me, so it happened since we met. The night of, I think. Which is why I—”
“Um, nothing.”
Sherlock folded his legs in front of him on his own bed, his chin resting on steepled fingers, Mary’s ‘letters’ and the shell casing spread out before him.  Concentrating, he tried to deduce how, if at all, they bore a connection.  Could it be pure coincidence Mary was Russian by birth and an assassin by trade and before him sat the evidence of a Russian weapon?  That Moriarty’s death occurred approximately the same time she left the ‘business’?  That the data on the memory stick ended just prior to that time frame?
But what of the topic Sherlock had headed off? What about the profoundly unusual memory loss? That was what John should focus on, not the romantic meanderings of a man on the cusp of middle age.
Noticing I have not answered, John turns back to me and takes off his sunglasses.  Whether out of concern or from the bright light, he squints at me. “What’s wrong, honey?”
“No, Sherlock, I’ve been thinking about sex.”  He looks at my blank stare.  “Between you and me,” he says, adding under his breath, ‘Jesus Christ’.
“Sound. I need sound!” Sherlock barked.
“I fell in love with you and I didn’t want you to see me as I am now. I’m not whole anymore; I didn’t think we would ever have a chance together if you saw,” he waved his arm over the length of himself, “this.”
“This is a wonderful present, John.  Had I known about it, I would have gotten you this instead of flowers and a cigar.”
“Yes, I’m fine.  I mean, I will be.  Just
My eyes grow moist as I listen to the story and realize that, yes, Sherlock
“Like I said, dad, I’m just surprised; I never knew you were gay.  And besides, I would have been surprised were it
The forced amusement faded from Sherlock’s face, replaced by genuine contrition. “I’m sorry, John.”
“Thank you so much for that image, Sherlock.”  I can almost hear his eyes roll.
William regarded his daughter’s features.  How he had fathered such an extraordinary child he did not know.  His eyes moist, he did not want to admit twas more likely due to sentiment than old age.  God had been good to him; better than he deserved.  Closing his eyes, he lay quiet long enough that Millicent set his hand on his stomach, thinking he had fallen asleep.  But as she rose to leave, William spoke, his voice taking on an ethereal quality, almost as if he were speaking to himself.
anyone, not even me.
“What?”
time?
Never in his life had he felt such headiness.  He felt dizzy, as if he was floating outside of his own body, so rapturous was the kiss that Sherlock gave him.  He could barely breathe, but he didn’t care.  Were he to die at that very moment, he knew there was no other way he would rather leave this earth.
you dimwitted genius.  But if you keep this up, I may not have
Sherlock held the note by the corner as he set ut down in front of him; perhaps they could get fingerprints off of it. Doubtful, but most criminals weren’t known for their attention to detail.
“How old is Joey?” Sherlock asked quietly.
“Shut up and work the scene, both of you!” Lestrade could barely refrain from hitting both of them upside the head. “Sherlock this is what we pay you to do.”
“I don’t want to be pregnant,” Sherlock murmured. “I have too much to do. Crimes to solve, criminals to catch.”
John glared at Mycroft, the crafty bastard who was still smirking.
“Since when do you giving a shite about convention Sherlock?” John laughed. “You never did before, don’t start now.”
“Love you,” John mumbled into Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, when he must have gotten a whiff of himself. He stood up haughtily, drawing his dressing gown around him like a king. With great dignity he stomped to the shower.
So every morning before heading off to deal with colds, coughs and shingles, John dropped Rosie off at Luther's house. John was pretty sure, even then that there was something wrong with the cottage. Luther had offered to watch Rosie there, but after Mary's breakdown, John was leery of putting anybody in that situation again.
Sherlock pulled out a recorder and glanced at John for permission. John nodded and sat down with Rosie on the sofa, Dodger sacked out on the little girl's lap. The decorated tree was festive and colorful and totally out of place in this situation.
“That’s the spirit mate,” Mike stated. “You probably won’t regret it, much.”
Sherlock leaped nimbly from beneath him, racing to get away from John and to join the hunt. The hunt it self seemed like the only reason why the omega remained in the pack, rather than becoming a full-blown rouge wolf. Sherlock loved the hunt like no other wolf John had ever met.
John ignored everything, the coffee that somebody shoved into his hand, the people gathering in the waiting room with him. His entire focus was on his mate. He knew intellectually that he could not hear Sherlock, or feel what he was feeling. Instinctively, he had to try. As a doctor John knew it took time to deliver a baby, but it was taking too damn long.
“Where is this coming from?” John laughed. “I like living in London and the flat as well.”
“Mrs. Hudson, I see you have been reading those god awful romance novels again,” Sherlock stated.
“Yeah, I could get you some bibimbap,” John seduced Sherlock carefully. “I know how much you enjoy that.”
“The haunting is probably over,” Sherlock nodded to the ground. “Once these poor kids are given a proper burial.”
“Right,” John laughed.
The timer that John had set for the meat pasties started blaring like a foghorn at that moment. Scaring the bejeesus out of both Sherlock and John. “Dinner time!” Rosie sang out, rousing Dodger from his sleep. The two of them shot off the sofa, heading with determination to the kitchen.
Sherlock Holmes – 0.  The Judge – All.
Often, in the time he’d been gone, John re-evaluated his decision to leave, each time knowing that despite how difficult it had been, there was no other path he could have taken.  But by no means did that mean he didn’t miss Sherlock, missed him with an ache that grew stronger every passing day.
Thank you Burning_Up_A_Sun for taking your time and talent to look my chapters over; they are better for it. <3
Listening to his breaths, praying fervently they will not stop, not yet,
I cling to his mouth; I do not want to let go.
“The phones won’t stop ringing, Sir.  Everyone is calling to report their TVs are airing the same thing.  Homes, pubs, even the Jumbo Tron at Wimbledon and at Picadilly Circus.  Moriarty on all of them.”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice reached out as if placing a hand on his arm asking him to wait. “That didn’t come out right. The thought of, well, us. It doesn’t repel me. No. It’s just that I, uhm…”
“Thou means that thou be sufficient all by thyself, that thou be shrewder than anyone thou knows.  God knows tis true, but shrewd also means knowing when tis time to let someone help thee.  Thou may not want to admit it, Sherlock, but thou needs help at the tournament.  I be amenable to Aldus or Colin aiding thee, and I can assist the other in looking for Cedric. Would that appease thee?”
Two days ago, he’d lost his head and run in front of a bus (so he’d been told, and so the videos on the interwebs said).
“Hold on to your pants, I’ll get to it.”  Flipping a page, he squints at the print and absent-mindedly switches on the lamp beside him, its imperceptible glow doing nothing to help him in the afternoon light.  (Note to self: Call Optometrist and coerce stubborn beloved to attend appointment.)
Sherlock’s lips parted and, at first, no sound left him.  When he did speak, twas in a voice little more than a whisper.
“Do I need to take you to an allergist?”  I ask him.  I am concerned; I do not want him to go about crying all the time.  I think he would be embarrassed.  Plus, tissues are not inexpensive and he is bound to go through many of them.
is the way you feel about it.  I was just trying to show you how much I love you, John.  Every minute of every day; my wedding band says so.  Hmmph.”   The fork clattered as I dropped it back onto his plate.  “What is it, John?  What is bothering you?”
list.  We might as well combine them.  What would you like to add?”
“John, please.  I have relinquished my title.”
Simon’s eyes moved from the gun to John’s face. What a ridiculous move; he still had the detonator in his hand. “Sherlock.”
“How long has it been since he be he here?  In what direction did he go when he left?  Did he say anything about where he has been?  Be he well?”  In quick succession, Sherlock rattled off his questions.
Sherlock shut his own eyes against those that would surely be seeking him out, wondering if the words Mycroft spoke were true.  Blood coursed through his brain, pounding at his temples.
Twas early yet, but the merchants had opened their doors, preparing for the busy market day to come.  Calling out to John as he passed them they entreated he peruse their wares, hopeful for their first sale of the day, but John did not hear them.
John blinked. “Uh, yeah. Just a touch of a headache. City fumes, you know. I think I’ll lie down for a bit.”
Stunned by the revelation, John thought he might never have heard anything so absurd.  But thinking about it, it made sense.  Sherlock had no personal experience with love, either romantic or familial.  Hell, Sherlock had never truly had a friend.  And as smart as Sherlock be, there be many areas in which he lacked knowledge.
Tearing his eyes away, John rushed to the gurney to pull back the sheet, unprepared for what he might find.
, on that building, about 3 ½ metres from the North edge.  Moriarty and I didn’t expect anyone else to be present.  He wore clothing to camouflage himself against the roof tile, almost impossible to see even if we knew what we were looking for.”
After several moments, Sherlock commented dryly, “Well, you were wrong.  Obviously.”  Sweeping his hand over the two bodies that were practically joined together, “Because here.  we.  are.”
He catches my eyes and briefly stares deeply into them, centering me…at least for a moment.  “Soon, Sherlock.  Soon,” and then he softly mouths ‘love’.
“Love.”
Looking John straight in the eye, Sherlock answered, “No.”  His answer was succinct, but not harsh.
Better to say nothing than to make matters worse.
Sherlock’s head whipped around from where he had been watching John.
“Take a left at the intersection and follow that road another three miles. We’ll cross the Thames there,” Sherlock said. Checking his mobile for messages, he scrolled past the flurry of semi-threatening texts from Mycroft, giving them only cursory glances. He went through his messages again, thinking he must have missed it.
-----------------
Pushing aside brush and low tree limbs so dense he did not see the river until he nearly stumbled into it, Sir John stood on the bank, feet planted wide.  A man, appearing to be no more than five and twenty years of age, thrashed in the water fighting to free himself, arms manacled by the beefy hands of two men on either side of him.  Beefy hands that not only restrained him, but struggled to pull their prisoner under water.  His pale chest gleaming under the sole ray of sunlight cutting through the mid-evening clouds, he was bare all the way down to the water, his hip bones peeking out of the gentle current washing around him.
“I haven’t all day!”
The smile on John’s face softened, a promise of more to come.
“Have you always loved Uncle Sherlock, you know, how you do now?” Katie asks.
An understandable response, I suppose, for one so averse to human touch (at least the living type!), but we simply must get to work.
“Kiss me,” John told me in what I can only call his Captain Watson voice as it was a command, not an invitation.
“I’m Dr. Watson, the attending physician tonight.  And you are…?”  He looked over at the man briefly, noting the fatigue, the brows pinched in concern.
“No.  He came up with it on his own.”
Weary of speaking about such serious matters, John’s thoughts drifted to what had occupied them when Colin had so inconveniently interrupted them.  “Thou said we should do what pleases
is that damn handkerchief!  Digging around in my pockets, I can’t find anything but a few coins, a wadded up gum wrapper, and the carefully folded paper that has my vows printed on it, the words that will forever tie me to this magnificent man.
Sherlock leaned down to kiss John.  To, John suspected, bring about a response that showed how much John did indeed love him.  But Sherlock’s lips missed their mark, hitting flesh below a cheek when John turned his head.
“Sir John, please go; tell him yourself.  He has asked for you to be there.”  Colin rested his hand on John’s shoulder.  “He needs you.”
“Okay, Party Boy, I’m taking you back to our room.  I definitely know you’ve had too much when you start slaughtering the English language.”
John puckered his lips and blew Sherlock a kiss.
Colin nearly gasped. With such a rebuke, twas a certainty Sherlock would turn his sharp tongue on the knight.  Though Colin had never been near a knight, had, in fact, never seen one, he knew twas folly to incur a knight’s anger.   But to his amazement, Sherlock tipped his head toward Sir John, searching Sir John’s face.  Twas almost a submissive gesture.
It looked like the dog that had been at the house. What was its name? “Rose?”
I nudge his knee and when he looks at me, I nod my head over to where I see her.  “There is Katie, John.  Is there not something you need to tell her?”
.  His eyes drifted closed and in his mind he inhaled John’s scent, tasted John’s supple mouth.  A shiver of anticipation rippled through him, making him want. Want John.  What would it feel like for John to touch him…
Reflexively, his hand sought out the dog tags underneath his soaked shirt.  The tags that, for the last year, had not moved from where they now laid, a tangible reminder of the soldier that had managed to become something to him that no other person had.
Several minutes later, hearing the stream of water from the creaking pipes hit the shower floor, I dash for the door and leave the cottage, vehicle keys in hand.
But then he met Mary.
“Yes, I…yes I do like it.  But that’s not the
“Any fool who observed would know these things, but most do not see that at which they look.”
Turning Jocelyn around and kicking his heels into her flanks, Sir John headed south. Swords at the ready and eyes alert, none of the men spoke as they rode the rest of the way into town.
But whatever he was about to say got lost as Sherlock stepped so close to him he felt his breath brush his face. Sherlock stared into his eyes with an intensity that sent a shiver down his spine. And with no warning, Sherlock took him by his shoulders and pushed him back, causing him to stumble the few steps until his back collided with a thud into the stable wall behind him. Making quick work of untying the rope around John’s waist and jacking his breeches to his ankles, Sherlock dropped to his knees, taking John’s semi-soft member into his mouth.
“Are you two seriously saying that you discussed nothing in the nine months Sherlock has been pregnant?” Mycroft butted in.
“Don't apologize,” Sherlock smiled. “I think that's fantastic.” Sherlock looked at the woebegone, slightly wonky shaped pastry on his plate. It looked like a five year old made it. Honestly it looked better than anything Sherlock could make. With the slightest bit of trepidation, he cut into the crisp pastry, inhaling the savory aroma of spicy meat, potato and gravy. He had been missing out all this time.
Sherlock blinked. Oh.
John sighed, massaging his thigh. He glanced at Sherlock’s evening snack and grimaced. “That is disgusting,” He murmured. “Though, I suppose I’ve seen worse.”
“The freak?” Donovan scoffed. “You chose him for a mate, out of everybody in the pack?”
That early call didn't matter, they never found any trace of Joey Simpson. Or the twelve other children that followed her into that void.
“Most people tell me I am a git or an asshole,” Sherlock admitted with a shrug. “One gets used to it.”
Esme sighed. She hated listening to only one side of the conversation. Not enough information to work with. If only she could hear her papa’s side. Then she would know if it she facing a no dessert night, or a worse punishment, like no experiments for a week. Her papa could be strict, but not as strict as daddy.
John’s hands went to Sherlock’s hips immediately, as his mate reached down to deal with his shoes. He steadied the man, relishing the heat he was emitting. Sherlock leaned back against him, as he worked on the stubborn fastening of his trousers. They too were pushed down, and stepped out of.
John wasn’t sure if he was relieved, or if he wanted to cry in frustration. Either way, the spell that had fallen over 221 B Baker Street had been broken.
“Improbable most definitely, but that's what the books say happened.” Sherlock glanced at Rosie. “They didn't say anything about Krampus.”
They separated slowly, John resting his forehead against Sherlock's cheek. “Stay for Christmas, and we'll talk about moving to London.” John murmured. “As roommates, to start.”
The alpha tried fruitlessly to will his erection away.
John snorted, as he turned to get the supplies to make hot chocolate for Rosie and tea for them. “What stories do you think my five year old can tell you?”
“Who is on his way out the door,” Sherlock grumbled.
The man straightened his own impeccably tailored suit jacket, and turned around. “I am sure I will be seeing you around, Mr. Watson.”
Sherlock's smile dimmed a bit. He wasn't always able to help, and he wasn't sure if that was news he wanted to give this small family of three. Staying the night would give him a chance to experience more of the phenomenon first hand however.
It wasn’t something Sherlock had ever given a lot of thought to. The idea of being tied to one person for the rest of his life, had always seemed ridiculous and over simplistic. They were more than what biology had dictated. John seemed to believe the same. The alpha had never tried to dominate him in their daily setting. Hell, if the stories Sherlock had heard from childhood were true, John was an exception to the alpha rule. He supported Sherlock’s need for the work. He had never made Sherlock feel like an incubator for their devil spawn.
Those who were considered wise from both the were population, as well as the human populace, ran the committee. They were created to oversee a course of action to bring balance back into the pack, and society as a whole. For most weres, being called in front of them was similar to receiving an ASBO for humans. Annoying as all hell, but with far reaching consequences, if one did not abide by their judgment.
“Don’t bother asking Mycroft if he wants some, he is on his way out,” Sherlock mocked. “He has places to be and diets to fail.”
Now he just had to find out what was inside.
Sherlock was distracted. Which never happened to him at a crime scene. Well, as long as it was an interesting crime scene. This double murder was mildly interesting, but it was not interesting enough.
“It looks like you might be staying in one of the guest rooms here tonight, unless you want to walk to the b&b,” John gestured to the sheets of falling snow. “I wouldn't recommend it though, it's a long walk.”
Sherlock stiffened in John’s arms, as the alpha’s knot started to deflate. With a growl, he jerked away. The alpha resisted the urge to hold the omega tighter, to assert his dominance once more. With feigned nonchalance, he reclined in the drying leaves that littered the forest floor, watching the taller man. John could almost see him mentally pulling himself together. The thin layer of ice that kept Sherlock apart from the rest of the pack, and society as a whole, reforming with each passing moment.
“No,” Sherlock's grin faded a bit. “But that is the curse of being a skeptic. Not even solid scientific proof can change your mind.
“Joey's gone. I haven't seen her all day.” Rosie cried pitifully.
“Just because John coddles your pregnant arse, doesn’t mean I will Sherlock.” Lestrade enjoyed the stunned silence that followed his announcement, before continuing. “Either do your job or get the hell off my crime scene.”
“Mate? What the bloody hell are you talking about?” Sherlock shouted. “The idiot outside was a potential flat share, not my mate.”
“Okay love?” John asked quietly. He was generally quiet on their walks together, and Sherlock appreciated that. John never seemed to feel the urge to add to the noise pollution in the omega’s head.
John stepped into the quiet room. Sherlock was in his wolf form, curled around a tiny baby. Those lovely grey eyes were a bit murky, but alert. He knew that weres had a tendency to revert back to their lupine form after a trauma, but to see his family so. It broke his heart and glued it back together, stronger than before.
“Tell me one of the stories that Joey told you,” Sherlock leaned forward.
John’s alpha instincts were in full gear. He couldn’t touch Sherlock like he wanted. He couldn’t touch the bump. But he could feed his mate, and provide proper nourishment for his unborn pup. And maybe, just maybe Sherlock would let him touch him sometime in the next decade. Or before their bump would be heading off to university.
“Don’t talk to him, talk to me,” Sherlock snapped at the doctor.
The constant, low-grade arousal that buzzed through his body at all times. It was like the food cravings, never ending. He was always hungry, for food, sex and human touch.
Living with Sherlock would never be boring at least.
“So that was actually a theory?” Sherlock barked a laugh. “I thought Rosie was joking.”
“What sorta story?” Rosie tilted her head, her golden hair reflecting the multicolored lights strung on the fresh pine Christmas tree placed in front of the windows.
