“Dean.” Cas rolls his eyes fondly, his smile disappearing when he shivers again. An arm curls over his chest and he has to take a moment to get a proper breath. “
was ticklish! This is a whole new level.” I get up on all fours to have better access before leaning over him and moving my fingers to his neck.
“I didn’t want to bother you.”
Taking a breath in, he attempts to move Jimmy away just a little so he can see his face, but the little boy stays buried in his collar.
“You have no idea how proud I am of you. You’ve been so brave. Those people and Dean wouldn’t have been there to help me if it wasn’t for you, so you should be very proud of yourself.”
He attempts to follow his dad’s gaze, but again fails. Is he looking at the graves? Is he looking at the poorly-kept hedge which is months overdue for a cut? Is he looking at the houses in the distance? Is he just far away and not looking at anything outside – just looking around at his thoughts in his head?
“Ugh finally.” Dean slumps back in the driver’s seat, staring at the vacation home in front of them. “That last stretch really dragged for me.”
“I wanna try it myself, Dean.” Cas decides, smiling shyly.
“Oh? Is it the blood test results?” Dean snakes an arm across the small of his back.
Dean got his picture, beaming at the result. “Cute.” He said and Cas blushed.
Cas returned the smile, seeming to get sleepy already.
They all laugh and Alex leaves after shouting a quick “bye!”
He lets out the cutest noise and bats my hand away, laughing quietly.
The paper is blue, nearly the exact same colour as his eyes, but it is nowhere near as beautiful.
The moment I run my hand through his hair and stroke his scalp gently with my fingertips, he starts peeing. Simple as that. He
At the thought of that, Dean slowly moves a hand into Cas’ hair, savoring the few minutes they have to just
Dean smiles softly, wrapping his free arm around Cas’ back to rub it comfortingly. “Here.” He murmurs, giving Cas a chance to let go before he carefully removes the ring from the box. “Hold your hand out, palm up.”
“I wanted to go to the beach.”
“All right.” Dean says before taking Cas’ arm and helping him up with having Jimmy in his arms.
“Yeah, that’d be great, thanks buddy.” I reply, and with a couple of glances around to see if anyone is watching, the angle disappears with a quiet flutter of wings.
The line is still, and for a moment I assume he lost the fish, but a couple of seconds later, the line starts whizzing from the coil as the fish swims away forcefully. It shocks the poor guy and he drops the rod which starts getting dragged into the water.
“Yeah, that’s right.” Dean nods. “And now he takes this special medicine which makes the broken rib feel less painful while it heals.”
Jimmy sits back against his chest, gripping onto his fingers a little tighter. “Am I-”
“Oh my god.” I chuckle, repositioning the angel’s seatbelt around his waist so he’d be more protected now he’s lying down.
“You bet.” I smile. My right arm is slung across Cas’ shoulders and he is resting his head on my forearm, using it instead of a pillow. My hand rubs his shoulder comfortingly as we relax under the warm blankets. We haven’t had sex again or anything, we’re just chilling in my bed waiting until we’re tired enough to go to sleep.
“Here, let me.” Dean walks over to Cas to help him let go of the metal support bar in the big bathroom attached to Cas’ hospital room. He’s helping Cas get dressed because, as promised, he’s coming home today.
He starts making strained noises as if it’s taking every ounce of his energy to keep this spell lasting long enough. His breathing quickens a lot before his entire body starts glowing a mix of purple and green with a hint of blue as well. Damn, it’s a very colourful spell if nothing else.
boss. Not good.
“I’m listening.” He whispers while watching a droplet of water fall down my face that was probably supposed to stay there if I wanted to keep my dignity. Well, it’s too late now.
Dean rifles through the dresser and retrieves some sweatpants and one of Castiel’s t-shirts to wear. He removes the damp shirt and jeans he’s wearing and puts the clean clothes on. He’ll shower tomorrow. Dean’s decided he’ll call the hospital tomorrow instead of messing with it tonight. Even if he’s on a ward, Cas will be asleep and probably needs rest.
“There!” Sam shouts out and I slam the breaks on. Luckily there aren’t any cops in sight because we’d be screwed for speeding and heck knows what else.
“Thank you.” He says, nodding to the man before retreating to the waiting area where his mom, Sam and Jimmy are sitting. “I know which room he’s in. Seems like he’s doing okay.”
Cas nods, feeling the medication starting to make his head cloudy.
“More than anything. Probably more than me.” Dean jokes through a small laugh.
“Is daddy going to die?” Jimmy mumbles.
He might not have been choking, but just to make sure, I pat him on the back quite hard which helps Cas along with his breathing. It’s mostly water that comes up again, but obviously he’s struggling to get through it this time because there’s so little.
too good for me. He’s done
Cas smiles and helps him get down, watching him wander over to Jack, if a little shyly.
Before long, they’re down to the last step and have reached the café. Dean squints. It’s bright down here because of the big windows overlooking the sea. There’s some fresh air floating in from an open window and Cas takes a deep breath. Some people are staring but thankfully Cas is too concentrated on staying standing to notice.
She smirks.
Cas waves back and when Jimmy is across the room with Jack then him and Dean stand up from their crouched position.
I grip the waistband of my boxers, realising my hands are shaking. Dean places his hand on top of mine gently, stilling it. He guides my hand down until my boxers are pushed away and my penis is exposed.
Honestly, Dean’s just glad she recognizes him, even though she isn’t sure whether it’s actually him or not. It’s a good sign, and maybe means that he might
Nothing happens.
“Whoa, you can totally stop there.” Claire grimaces through a laugh. “I don’t wanna know what foxes do when they get all frisky. I’m eating.”
“I have something for you too.” He says before standing up and going over to Jody.
“And…my mind, it’s…well, it’s at peace.
“I don’t feel too good, I’m just…gonna go to the bathroom.” Cas takes in a few deep breaths. Dean shoots him a worried look.
“It’s fine, Dean.” Cas decides, shifting against the wall (which he is currently leaning on) uncomfortably because of the cuts on his back.
“Hey, that took longer than usual, is he okay?” Dean asks as he approaches. Cas slips the diaper bag off his shoulder and puts it down on the seat opposite Dean.
“Did anyone hear the foxes last night?” Alex asks, taking a bite of her eggs.
“…I recorded the therapy session. The hard bit.”
to love.
“Please. Not now.”
I am half thankful that we are in completely different rooms with different layouts and stuff. If we stay in ones similar to before, Cas might remember things he doesn’t need to and get all triggered, and we
“You love it really, and besides, I
Cas shakes his head. “I’m okay I think.” He smiles.
I sigh and move my hand down to the small of his back. I can support him better this way.
than me.
. He thinks, looking around. He’s sitting in the middle of some random field.
“Who are you, Ned fucking Flanders?” Cas huffs. He wonders whether it’s normal to have conversations like this with his brother, but they’re best friends too. Best friends tell each other stuff. “And no, we didn’t have sex. Just…other stuff.”
“You’ve seen how unhappy he is, right?” Dean just looks at her but nods reluctantly after a few moments. “Sometimes…sometimes it’s kinder to let someone do what they need to do. Cas is
. “How are you so balanced?”
Cas should have known Naomi would try to lie to him. He sees it now; the air of lies still floating around her. She’s too proud to admit the truth. And Cas thinks that, possibly after all this time, he knows the truth too.
I’m not sure, but I think I see Claire wink at the angel, and now it’s
“Why did I suggest this.” I groan, tugging my boots onto my feet.
“It might snap though!”
Cas keeps eye contact with her, his thoughts running a million miles an hour yet they feel so slow, he is able to process each syllable. Did she just…did she…?
Dean and Jarah help Cas up the steps – either side of him, arms linked – one at a time until they get to the surface finally. Cas takes a moment to catch his breath, managing a thank you to Jarah who nods, smiles, and takes off towards Nichols.
I kiss Cas’ thick mop of hair before closing my eyes and falling into a dreamless sleep.
wrong if she read that the name of the patient was Eddie Moscone. Jeez, I don’t even want to think about what could have happened.
“Trust me, I’m in no hurry to call that sarcastic son of a bitch, but it’s the quickest option we’ve got and Cas needs help. I mean, have you seen him? He’s suffering.” I decide, glancing down at the sleeping angel as he groans in his sleep and subconsciously clutches his stomach.
my fault.”
Cas lifts his head. “What is it?”
Cas rolls his eyes and holds on to me for dear life when Sam flies off, confidently gliding across the ice. Obviously, with
His head goes light and he starts to feel a bit faint, starting to sway a little. “I…
“I’m sorry I called you a bad word, Jimmy. It was mean and it wasn’t true.” Luke says as he looks down at the floor with a pout. Cas is holding hands with Jimmy who nods and considers his words.
“Yeah that’s fine. I can probably come in tomorrow for my appointment if you’d like?” He runs a hand through his hair subconsciously.
“I’m going to try.” Cas decides with a film, determined nod. Dean feels a shimmer of pride within him. It feels a little patronising to feel it but Cas is trying
“Cas, how are-“
“Yeah honey, it’s me.” He smiles, using my assistance to stand and approach her. I let go of him though once he is leaning on the arm of the couch.
“How slight?” Nichols sits back in her chair. “And don’t underexaggerate.”
Cas looks at him in surprise. “What? How have you never told me this?”
need to be there for him, Dean. He’s gonna take time to heal, and you’re the only person that will be able to get him through this properly. I saw you with him in bed this morning. You were both asleep and I swear to god that I have never seen Cas so peaceful and chilled. Like, seriously dude, you’re bonded. He really looks up to you, man.” So much for Sam not thinking twice.
“He didn’t really go into that much detail.” Dean says truthfully.
“Where’s Dean?” Jimmy questions, looking up at Cas when he sets him down on the floor next to the stairs.
“I didn’t mean to make him sad.” Jimmy sobs.
“I think so, yes.”
“Oh, I get it.” He nods. “You’re very aroused right now.”
Everything was so quiet. Even they were talking quietly. The town was asleep.
Cas scrunches his nose with a grimace, nudging Gabe’s hand away when the smell gets stronger. “I’m good.” He frowns. “It’s seven am, how are you eating those.”
Cas nods. He’s nearly half way down the glass which is pretty good since he’s only been taking small sips.
Suddenly, all goes silent. There isn’t a single noise or whisper…from
“How are you?” He asks them pleasantly. He’s only met them a handful of times since they pick their kids up at different hours, but they’re familiar enough to be good acquaintances.
“Ok shoot” Gabe moves back and points at Dean. “Favourite pie flavour.”
He mutters quietly, aware Nicky is asleep.
After a few minutes of eating, I look up at Dean who is deeply enjoying his food. He notices me staring. “You alright?”
“All right.” Cas passes Dean his drink. “We’ll be back in a second.”
a dream but it was quite uh…graphic.”
Cas looks back at him and Dean can see the discomfort in his eyes already. He does however look at Dean fondly and murmur a genuine “thank you.”
When he finishes, he sighs, obviously in relief. His head tilts back to rest on my shoulder for extra support while he tucks himself back in. His hair brushes against my cheek and I can’t help but notice that it smells like watermelon.
I let Dean’s hand go when Sam moves away, and they haul me up yet again to pull my sweat pants back up.
“And the species of bird is like a gull, so if you say those words together…”
Cas nods again and smiles, leaning up and carrying on where we left off.
“What else did you get?” Cas asks, picking up the writing set which was resting close to his hand. “This is cool, do you like writing?”
“Where did you hit your head?”
“I think I’ll go sort the money out at the desk. See you when you guys get out, yeah?” Sam decides.
“Yes you are. Shut up.” His friend tells him.
“Come on.” I smile and step out of the car then open the back door to get the stuff I brought. Cas gets out too, not taking his eyes off the lake. I know he likes nature. He
“No, no, no, come on honey, wake up.” Jody speaks again, noticing Cas’ issue and desperately trying to get him to come to.
“Daddy’s not been eating enough food, and because he hasn’t been eating enough for a long time, it upsets his tummy when he
As we are walking along (well, limping if we are looking at it from Cas’ perspective), Claire appears out of another bedroom and chuckles when she sees Cas.
end up sleeping over. Jimmy’s probably just a bit confused about today and needs to spend some time with them before he sleeps over, and…wow, it’ll be his first ever sleep over.
I can hear his short breaths and just listen for a few moments, genuinely happy to do this with Castiel. My colleague, my friend, my best friend, my boyfriend, my
you get your milk before bed.”
I let him and he looks down at his hands. “Sorry.” Cas murmurs.
Cas breathes in deeply and out slowly, stretching his arms in front of him. He’s getting pretty used to doing yoga every day. His doctor recommended it, telling him to go gentle at first so his ribs can heal, but it’s really making him feel good. If he doesn’t do it for a day, he feels restless and un-stretched.
Dean misses again on his throw, deciding to open up about his own childhood. “My dad used to be a borderline drunk. He didn’t make time for us and he used to disappear for weeks at a time. Eventually my mom called it quits with him and…honestly, I’m glad she did. He was a horrible man.” He admits. Cas looks into his eyes.
happening.
“Agents!” Officer Stevenson calls and the three of us approach her, fully suited up. I’m still helping Cas walk, but he’s slowly managing to get around on his own now.
Cas is vaguely aware when the door of the bedroom opens. He can tell by the footsteps that it’s Dean. Even though he’s half asleep, he smiles when he hears Dean walk into the bedframe, cursing
Cas stands up slowly, waiting a moment for the weird faint feeling to go away. They’d thought it had stopped, but it’s started cropping up again. Maybe it’s because he keeps getting tired. Or he’s still not eating enough.
“I do.”
“Hey!” Gabe smiles immediately when he sees them walk through the doors of the restaurant. “You made it!” He reaches out to Jimmy straight away, delighted to see his nephew. “Jimmyyyyy!” He laughs when the kid practically jumps into his arms.
“I’m glad I
“I don’t understand. I don’t think it’s possible to remove someone’s clothes with-“
.” Dean’s fiery green eyes shifted to where Cas was standing, not moving as he watched them helplessly.
Cas’ gaze lowers to the floor. The nurse carries on.
what to say to that. He’s still in shock about the fact that
“I feel sick.” He admits, one of his hands clutching his stomach. I’m not surprised really. All of that shouting and crying must have shaken him up so much. Not to mention the pain from his leg.
“This is what happens when you mess with me, boys. You should have stayed away.”
“Love you too.” Cas finds Dean’s hand and squeezes it before Dean moves around the bed to lift Jimmy and gently place him next to Cas.
I roll my eyes at him and he starts up the Impala to drive back to Jody’s house.
I have no idea where we’re going to go after this. Cas has probably been knocked right back down to the bottom
“Get him up, Winchester! We need to keep moving!” Blondie screams at him from a few places back.
Cas nods and prepares for it with a shuddery inhale of breath. “I’m ready.”
Cas visibly relaxes. “Really?”
“No, it’s ok. He, well, he taught me how to masturbate.” I reply, rubbing my neck, “but apart from that, there has been nothing else.”
“Yeah. Okay, sorry.” Cas realises that he said sorry again. “I was saying sorry for saying sorry…uh…fuck…uh…sorry?”
sex hair is tickling my face but honestly? I wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Hey guys, how was it?” Jody asks, in a jovial mood.
Dean chooses not to say anything sarcastic, instead helping Cas stand. Cas is wobbly on his feet at first but powers through and builds up enough energy until he can just about walk on his own. Dean admires his endurance.
Cas thought about it. “Now.” May as well get it over with, right?
“Yes you can.” Cas laughs and helps him put them on. Luckily they fit his feet perfectly.
They both know they’re happy tears, but Dean fusses over him too, stroking his hair. “Yeah buddy, be excited!”
I feel Sam behind me supporting my own back with his hands because I am admittedly slightly uncomfortable. I’m trying to hold Cas in place while sitting bolt upright on the wooden floor. I wouldn’t move for anything right now, though.
“Yeah, just, can you not mention to anyone what happened?”
Jimmy nods enthusiastically, thinking for a moment.
there are cool women. Happy?”
When she sees them, his mom stands up as Gabe gets to the edge where the bench is, and where Jack is sitting with a bottle of juice.
Dean smirked at him. “Any time.”
feeling of being warm and cool. My stomach is twisting and I am starting to think my head is full of feathers. It’s just so
“S’ he okay?” Sam asks quietly, peeking past me to see Jody making small conversation with the angel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you think?” Dean asked, grabbing a couple of home-fries to dip into some ketchup.
The bunk bed creaked, and Dean heard Castiel’s feet lower to the floor. He stepped away from the bed, and Dean could see his dark hair come into view for a moment as he lowered himself to one of the two chairs at the small table in the middle of the room. “Alright,” he said slowly, though Dean could hear the effort it took in every word. “Do you have a plan?”
Dean reached his spare hand up and arced it forcefully through the water, his arm leaving a trail of glowing magic behind it. He grinned as best he could, unable to help himself.
“I’d like that,” Castiel said with a lopsided grin, giving a little flash of his bright teeth.
“Oh, Mabel Braeden, of course,” Kaia explained.
“Give me one day.”
“Bobby!” Dean was aghast, embarrassment flooding him. Sure, Bobby
They chatted comfortably for a few minutes while they perused their menus. Dean ordered a stacked burger with extra cheese and onions, and Castiel almost lost him entirely for a moment by ordering a craft burger with pickles and
“Ready to start, boy?” Bobby rumbled from the porch, sticking out like a sore thumb amidst the sea of suits that were slowly amassing. Castiel wondered if that puffy vest actually came off.
Castiel shrugged. “Honestly, this was a great evening, Dean. Thank you. I had fun.”
Normally, Dean might have insisted that a partner needed to be no such thing; he was no blushing virgin, and he’d had more vibrators and dildos delivered to the bunker than Sam ever needed to know about. (Some of them even of the tentacle variety…) But this? The sheer size of Castiel, never mind the newness of the whole situation, had Dean pausing. He
Castiel pushed down the feeling that Balthazar was indulging him, the look on his face akin to one that a person would give to a child explaining their playtime imaginings. At least Balthazar was listening. It was a start.
“You go in first,” was all Castiel said as they exited Baby in unison, shutting the Impala doors as quietly as they could while still locking them.
Thank you for reading, folks.
“Jerk,” Sam muttered under his breath, scrambling awkwardly to fold his excessively long legs down into the footwell.
“I wake up at six every day to run. Stopped by the store down the street on the way; figured that you would never say no to bacon.”
In case Purgatory turned out to be both their beginning, and their end.
Dean’s chest constricted oddly, hot and angry.
They only lasted another moment before their heads tilted and their lips came together again, a little deeper, their bodies pressed into one another’s just a little harder, a little more desperately.
Sam herded him into Baby later that night, cranking her engine to life and quietly playing
He focused on breathing, and that alone took a while.
“What?” Sam asked, smiling curiously.
nothing more.
Overtop of Dean’s palm and clamped onto Dean’s shoulder, Castiel’s hands seemed to get hotter and hotter as Dean sang. The rhythmic roll of his chanting droned on between them, swelling like the waves—it started to sound like it was coming from somewhere
“Looks really good on you, anyway,” he said, delighting in the way Castiel ducked his head awkwardly at the compliment.
“Damn it. Yeah, okay. I remember. I didn’t even think about it. It’s probably on my bedroom floor with the laundry.”
Against Dean’s jaw, Castiel’s touch was light and cautious. Dean wanted to turn his face into it, his breath hitching between them against his will—but it was only a crumb, a scrap of bread that dislodged under Castiel’s careful fingers and rolled down to the grass between them.
Dean knew that was the logic here, but he also knew he didn’t believe it for a second. Sam was right. Castiel hadn’t chosen to be here—and even if he had, he wasn’t a monster to begin with.
“Yes. Though…he said station, a moment ago? Was I rude to the local P.D., too?”
There was passion, and longing, and simple joy in their kisses, and Dean sunk into it all happily. They were measured, though; nothing felt rushed, or desperate…they had all the time in the world, now, to communicate, both with words and without.
“That’s your plan?” Castiel spoke up from the bottom bunk. Dean looked over his shoulder to see that he’d propped himself up on his elbows, eyeing Dean incredulously. “You’re giving up? Just going to drink until we die?”
“Yeah,” Castiel agreed, slow and sad.
Dean blinked. “That simple, huh?”
His voice was shaking, but he pushed on.
“Figured it’d hit him at some point. And yeah, Anna is good. I just settled her in with Bobby. He wants to talk to her first, but I’m sure he’s going to offer her a trial period, at least.”
, a few timestamps for
THE END
Clearly tired, worn down, and not in the mood for Dean’s bullshit today, Castiel threw his hands up in the air, abandoning his coffee. “That is not what I meant!” Signing furiously, Castiel’s frown punctuated his hand motions. “I’m not here ~~ you every weekend because I feel obligated. I don’t feel sorry for you, asshole, so maybe stop feeling sorry for yourself!”
“Ugh. I forgot you were vegan for a second there. I guess I could make it work though. Unless you’re one of those extreme weird ones who
Castiel didn’t answer; he wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist once more, tight, and stood, lifting Dean with him.
“Okay?” Castiel echoed.
“Exactly, nothing to go wrong there,” Dean said cheerfully, brimming with fake confidence. “Ready?”
There was an undertone of dull red to the dark flash of Amara’s eyes. “Your hypothesis is correct. You should have thought of that before imprisoning my brother.”
Claire appeared at the side of the table and lowered a leafy, egg-white omelet down in front of Sam, along with a pepper shaker. “Here you go, Sam. Did you want anything else, Castiel? Are you going to sit with Sam for a while?”
“Let it go,” Dean grumbled. “I just—I connected with him somehow, okay? I couldn’t leave him there to
Dean grinned while he wiped the crumb off onto the grass, before reaching over to not-so-subtly push Castiel’s laptop lid down an inch. “C’mon, Cas. You gotta take a bit of a break to eat.”
“That was
Hello, readers!
With a shout, Dean’s hips jerked up from the bench.
He’s angry—he’s so, so fucking angry.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, laughing weakly. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
Castiel gestured to Dean once, twice.
So, who was this?
Dean could hear the smirk in Castiel’s voice as he asked, “Something pleasing?”
“I didn’t even realize that I still thought about it, that I’d even wondered—” Castiel was smiling as he shook his head, light and free, his eyelashes thick and dark with tears, “—it feels like this huge weight is gone and I...I was so used to it I didn’t even know it was there.”
Slowly, blinking like some ground-dwelling beast who’d never seen the sun, Dean struggled against the bright lights as he attempted to take in his surroundings.
Other things Dean learned were much more pleasant—that Castiel had a very dry sense of humor, once he opened up enough to show it. He was snarky. He was incredibly curious about the taste of human foods, but so far had hated everything he’d tried. He was startlingly intelligent and widely read—apparently, before Earl, he’d often snuck onto land for a visit, just so that he could read books, of all things. So of course, Dean had given him books.
From an uncomfortable-looking stool on the far side of the room, MEG flipped Dean off. “Don’t judge my viewing habits or I’ll turn off the porn channels.”
have appeared self-conscious on just about anyone else. “There’s a chance you were actually paying attention to what I was doing and saying, rather than just waiting for me to take my shirt off.”
“She’d probably be more concerned that I crushed her ribcage,” Sam said mildy, settling into the odd humor than only escaping gunfire could produce.  “Seems a bit disrespectful on her immortal soul.”
“Can’t prove nothin’,” Bobby said, his eyebrows fighting for space above the bridge of his nose. “But I know which jackass we’re all thinkin’ of.”
Dean had just started season two of Dr. Sexy over and was considering making himself some more coffee when his laptop chimed.
“Son of a bitch.” Dean slammed his fist down on top of his empty, now closed Egg. He hadn’t seen it close itself; he’d been too busy gazing out at the other millions of eggs, most likely.
Dean raised his hand in greeting as Castiel approached.
He wandered the aisles, half thinking about what he’d like to cook and half thinking about Castiel. The dude was
The Saranton was an almost incomprehensibly huge craft—one of four mega-ships that had left Earth in the year 2299. Looking out over the shelves of stasis eggs was like looking out over a city; each glowing pink egg a window in an almost endless series of skyscrapers that stretched up, and down, and beyond. Three million eggs. His eyes could see nothing else.
He couldn’t blame them. He didn’t.
“Yes, take it off,” Castiel said, understanding.
Leaning back in his chair, Castiel let out a groan. He was better than this. He knew his job; he was
Then read them again.
Castiel was mid-bend to pick up the book he’d dropped. He froze for a second as Dean spoke, but then quickly grabbed the chunky tome, shoving it back onto the shelf almost guiltily before striding up to Dean.
Yes. They’d beaten Chuck—for good, this time. And Castiel was an angel, stronger by default than Dean had been.
“That
“Yeah,” Dean said dryly. “Oof.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey, boss,” came a bright, young voice from the other end of the line. “I’ve got Sheriff Almer from Hinsdale, Illinois here with me. He wants to speak to you.”
“Goodnight, Cas,” Dean whispered to the blank screen.
A streak of fur ran full pelt across the hall into the living room—Castiel’s cat, Miggles, who’d recently arrived from San Francisco and, as Castiel liked to think of it, was in a
“What did you just say?” he asked carefully.
and when the gunk in the egg cascaded over the edge to the floor, he went with it.
They passed into a narrow corridor that had been painted a bright pink—once upon a time, a lifetime of grime ago. Now it was faded and peeling. The bottom of the wall was half a dozen shades darker than the top and splattered with black grime. Overhead, the lights blinked. The smell was stronger.
Castiel’s face slackens and he blinks, his eyes dropping away as a flush Dean has never seen before from so close begins to spread up his cheeks. Dean knows what Castiel is experiencing, clear as day. The realization that he survived...that he lived.
There we go, that's it for this one!
Dean could see it in Castiel’s eyes as he turned—the wholly uncontrollable rage, the blood thirst, the desperate need to hurt, to destroy, to kill.
Even if his intention had simply been to help Castiel relax and feel better, Dean had to admit, selfishly, that getting to spend time with Cas like this was pretty nice for him, too.
Dean could feel his heart rate rising, the longer they looked.
“Don’t knock it till you’ve tried it,” Dean snarked, peering down into the case. “You should look in the mirror every morning and tell yourself you’d still be worthy if you cut your hair.”
“Yes,” Castiel said distractedly, flicking away at the sandy soil with tiny, swift motions. “I think...it looks like…”
But…he didn’t really deserve how hard Castiel had been pushing him away.
was as sarcastic as could be, likely in reference to the faux FBI suit that Dean was still wearing from his and Sam’s house calls earlier. He hadn’t really thought to change—he wasn’t here to charm anyone or pick up the locals. He was here to do whatever it took, but certainly not here for what the guy behind the counter assumed he was here for.
“This—this
. It was time.
“I get it. But I’m proud of you, you know. You work really hard, Dean,” Castiel said, his expression so open and honest that Dean felt something in him loosen. “If, for some reason, you don’t come out of finals with the grades you’re hoping for? I promise you that it’s just perfectly normal, ordinary college woes. It’s nothing to do with you being deaf.”
Campus was icy and chill, the thick frost from that morning having barely thawed in the low temperatures. Overhead, the clouds were thick and puffy, heavy gray bottoms muting the light and making the world feel strangely still. The paving was clear from many feet heading back and forth, but crystals of cold ice still clung to the treads of Dean’s boots as they cut across the grass to head toward the coffee shop.
The corridors weren’t as full as they usually were because many classes had already ended ready for finals, so Dean spotted Castiel the moment he stepped out of Adler’s classroom and into the stark electric light beyond.
Pushing his chair back, Castiel grabbed his wallet and keys from the top of the tablecloth, spun on his heel, and walked out.
There was a beep, and then silence. Dean blinked down at Castiel, before giving him a reluctant grin.
“Where are the shot glasses?”
Having to spell it out, letter by letter, took a few seconds, but Gabriel’s face broke into a grin only halfway through.
from the tape that lived almost permanently in the deck. As the familiar notes and lyrics floated through the Impala’s cabin and wrapped comfortingly around him, Dean suddenly worked out how.
Castiel gave Dean’s hip a last, reluctant squeeze before he peeled himself away.
this chapter!
Finally, more coherent, important fears made themselves known:
“She didn’t, though.”
Hmm…Dean wasn’t certain about that sign. It looked a bit like “strong,” but the handshapes at the beginning were a little different, almost like claws—oh. “Brave.”
Fruity things with umbrellas were so not Dean’s wheelhouse…but what the hell. It was awesome to spend time with people other than Jo who just included him, without question. One more drink wouldn’t hurt.
“Have you taken some Benadryl?” Castiel asked, his worry evident. “Maybe you should get into bed and relax, maybe have some warm soup or take a nap.”
“Are you coming back here tonight?”
It had been nearly six months since Dean had proposed that they run the inn together—
“Look at me,” Castiel ground out through his teeth, the sound of his voice even deeper and more gravelly than it had been, the rumbling bass causing sparks of arousal in Dean that his spent cock wanted in on but couldn’t quite manage. Castiel bit his lip, letting out a groan, before shifting his hand from the back of Dean’s head to the front, cupping the bolt of his jaw. His thumb rubbed softly across Dean’s cheekbone as he murmured, “Those pretty green eyes…I want to see them.”
Castiel tightened his arms a little, just for a moment. Then they stepped back, smiling shyly.
The second time that Dean awoke, he had the pillow all to himself. The other side of the bed was cold, but Dean’s frown was easily chased away when he sat up and spotted the backpack that Castiel had retrieved from his car the night before, lying on its side near the foot of the bed.
Castiel raised an eyebrow.
“That’s true. I don’t mind hanging out and drinking and dancing, but Gabriel’s speed of doing it is exhausting.”
“I would like that very much. I’ll be gentle.”
Kaia gave a soft laugh. “It’s my grandmother’s old recipe—I’ll give it to you. And here, have one of these on me. You need to build your strength back up after being sick.” She selected a sweet almond croissant from her tray and slid it onto a plate, winking at Castiel before she headed back into her fabulous-smelling kitchen.
At the same time as Sam trailed off, his forehead smoothing with realization, Dean’s brain jumped to the same conclusion.
“Two, please,” Sam clarified, shoving Steve Perry’s credit card across the bar.
They sat in silence for a few minutes, smoking and drinking.
Sam’s answering nod is understanding. Jack looks back and forth between the two of them, his bright blue eyes—Christ, Dean can hardly even
That was… Well, a lot, but it could’ve been worse. Dean was pretty sure Castiel would tell him if he was dying, and other than his hot left arm, he felt fine.
Though how much of that was him, and how much was their situation, remained to be seen.
“Rushed?” Castiel asked as he broke out of the water only a few feet in front of Dean. Wet and gleaming in the weak moonlight, his eyes reflected the candlelight as he looked curiously up the beach. “What are you doing, Dean?”
Unable to help a wolfish grin, Castiel bit his bottom lip. “Very.”
Castiel blinked, unsure how to respond.
Castiel smiled, starting to relax. “Good, it’s almost ten o’clock, so that’s perfect. We’ll cut the ribbon and people can mingle for half an hour or so before we start Balthazar’s group on their tour.”
Here it was. Dean’s chance. Or, kind of, anyway. He
, just having an empty amulet doesn’t—”
“I’m glad,” Castiel said. “I mean—I like them. Your videos, I mean.”
“Of course I think you deserve one, sweet boy,” Castiel said, rubbing the pad of his thumb softly across Dean’s lower lip.
shit, Cas. I wouldn’t do it if it didn’t matter. Your feelings matter a lot.”
The frown that had marred Castiel’s brow was crushed by his eyebrows rising in surprise, and he took a small step back. He didn’t say anything, though he continued looking at Dean calmly as he repositioned his bag’s strap on his shoulder.
“Glad to hear it.”
“We probably do have stuff in common,” he said, confused. “I’m deaf, that’s all. I still have a personality!”
Was expected to just walk across the train tracks? It seemed so.
Dean gave Castiel a smug little smile, both of them knowing that part at least was true. “Yeah,” he picked up. “So the first thing to do is familiarize ourselves with the ship and see where the red zones are.”
The soft, oinky snuffles of Fatback’s morning greeting were perfectly familiar to Castiel, by this late into the summer. Dean, on the other hand, wasn’t quite as accustomed to being woken by the blankets being chewed next to his head, at least if his shriek was anything to go by.
“Alright, alright,” Dean grumbled. “You can put the heart eyes away, you ass. I’m trying, don’t make a big deal of it.”
He was handsome, by anyone’s standards.
Castiel wasted no time, wrapping his hand around his own cock behind Dean. Dean dipped his head forward, resting the crown of his head against the pillows at the back, feeling Castiel’s movements behind him as he jacked himself quickly. The tip of Castiel’s cock teased at the edge of Dean’s stretched, tingling hole, and Dean bit down on his lip.
Slowly, Dean slipped his notepad back into his backpack. The new page that he’d turned to was still just that—New. Bare. Not a single note.
Castiel’s eyes snapped onto Dean’s tightly. “Thank you,” he signed, cheeks pink. His lips parted slightly, the beginning of something else in the space between them…but it faded, lost under the weight of their shared stare. The held gaze lingered. Dean could feel his heartbeat in his fingertips, and his breath was too much for his lungs to hold.
It took hours. Dean got the short end of the stick, running around the hotel with a salt-loaded shotgun and trying to keep her occupied while Sam attempted to steal a painting from the huge, cherry-paneled bar below.
He looked down at the container in his hands.
Castiel’s eyes, though, were still identical. And they were
“Sure does,” Dean said, plastering on a grin. “Do you wanna go straight down there?”
At Dean’s urging, Castiel turned and flipped, arcing out of the water and curving back into it, hands first, his tail flipping up a gigantic spray of water that formed a misty rainbow of diamond-glittering droplets for a moment in the low sun, right in the middle of the bay.
“Come back to San Francisco,” Castiel echoed, blinking. He was surprised that Balthazar even knew what the words ‘environmentally conscious’ meant—when had he learned what that meant? “Balth, I can’t… The inn is almost done, but I don’t even have a buyer yet, and—”
“Yeah, you on board now, Dean-o?” Gabriel smirked, before looking back at Sam. “Now, that’s enough. Release me, before I make you.”
Dean doesn’t hear any more.
“Morning!” Charlie was chirping as if she knew the guy, entirely oblivious to the fact that some of Dean’s major organs were struggling to reboot from their sudden system failure.
“Dean Winchester?” she asked.
Please do go give the art some love on
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh, his hand coming up to cover his mouth.
“Of course,” Castiel said, reaching to take his freshly refilled coffee back from Claire. “Some company would be nice, at least it’d stop me from bothering Claire.”
has simple maintenance robots—janitors, practically—who I would ordinarily have sent to do fetch and carry jobs that you could not, but with Xenon offline, they aren’t responding.”
so hot, you could make me come just like this, I swear.”
Oversensitive, Dean squirmed and gasped. He still had his hand at the back of Castiel’s neck, gripping tightly—he released the pressure, his aching knuckles glad of the relief. Soothing his fingers down across Castiel’s nape, he pressed his lips up into Castiel’s jaw.
“You brought my car with you!” he said, smiling, pausing by her trunk so that he could face Dean to sign. “Mister Singer said it would be three or four days, most likely, before he could fit her in.”
“Once I’d stabilized you and got the nanobots working on your burns,” Castiel said as they entered the elevator, “I went back to the bridge to find MEG’s powerpack. It was hours before I could leave you, though. I hope it didn’t make things worse, abandoning her like that.”
“Huh,” said Dean. “Alright, then.”
“I’m not required to be on friendly terms with everyone employed by the college. Thank goodness.”
“Oh come on, dude! You can’t blame me for any of this, you’re just being an ass, now—”
But this felt
The stiffening of Castiel’s spine, the resetting of his shoulders, was much more noticeable that time.
I hope you enjoy!
Dean was ridiculously proud of Castiel, and ridiculously in love with him.
—where it rested below the dip of his collarbone. It was the only thing that hung around his neck these days, the brass demon-head charm that Dean had given him returned to Dean, no longer needed. Dean shut his eyes against the startlingly white glow that shrouded Castiel’s body as he transformed.
“Alright!” Dean announced perkily, turning away from the mirror where he’d been fiddling with his hair. He shot dorky finger-guns in Castiel’s direction, grinning as he asked, “Ready for this?”
Laden down with the tray of chicken that he’d just pulled from the refrigerator in the break room and microwaved, Castiel didn’t have a hand free to open the door. He was about to do a dangerous one-handed shuffle to try and reach the handle, but the door swung open and saved him.
Castiel huffed out a wet laugh, entirely flat and humorless.
As he pulled back the quilt and shook it out, several dark, glossy scales fell onto the wrinkled sheet.
When Dean looked up, Castiel was looking down at his hands, studying them intently as he spoke.
But even so, Dean had to hurry. Smoke inhalation was no joke.
Applied Engineering was one of Dean’s favorite core classes, and one of the ones he was best at. Sitting with Castiel typing away by his side, the warmth of his knee just catching Dean’s thigh, and knowing that he had a fugly gold surprise for him parked around the corner, kept Dean on a low simmer of happiness.
Already in a good mood, Charlie turned the music up—it didn’t take much to make the entire plastic frame of her shitty little car vibrate—and they sped on to the chapterhouse.
Castiel blinked. “Right. Sure.”
“Dean…” Castiel said, more uncertain, raising his voice over the wind.
P.S. Come follow me on
Dean looked up, surprised. He slid the laminated card across the table to Castiel. “Sure, buddy. You hungry?” he asked casually, trying to hide an odd, low-level concern he couldn’t name or shake.
The cold of the bunker floor seeps through Dean’s dark jeans and chills his bones, setting an ache in them that, if he cared, he’d stretch to remove. Instead, he stays with his head in his hands, letting dry tears be washed away by new ones, gulping the stale dungeon air. One of his trusty brown boots is splayed forward now, crossing the outer line of the demon trap on the floor.
For a moment there was nothing but silence between them, and the quiet, sexy music seemed to get louder. Sensing that Dean needed a little more convincing, Castiel tilted his head, trying to catch his eyes.
“Winchester.” She mimicked his tone.
Just as Dean cut the engine after pulling the Impala up in front of the cabin, a few stray drops of rain landed on her windshield. Dean craned his neck to look up at the sky; there were only a few gray clouds, but more on the horizon. Typical.
Castiel seemed hesitant, but he complied, stretching out on his side next to Dean. “They—they’re getting more sensitive as time goes on, that’s all. As the new feathers start to grow,” he explained quietly. “It feels… Mostly it’s itchy and sore, but when you touch them it… it’s nice,” he finished clumsily.
“Yeah, that’s it,” Dean murmured in approval, tightening his grip as the momentum of Castiel’s thrusts helped push his cock through his fist, over and over.
He wasn’t exactly dressed for walking; packing his existence up into one large suitcase left him wearing his best suit, dress shoes, and his trench coat, and while Kansas weather had nothing on California, it was an exceptionally warm late-spring day. Great.
“Sammy! A little help!”
“Ground...beef?” Castiel sounded confused, but then a smile spread over his face as he understood. “Give me a moment, I’ll check.”
. You're also welcome to follow me on
Tightening his grip on Dean’s hair, Castiel snapped his hips forward.
Dean leaned forward, shoulder-to-shoulder with Castiel again, and they both squinted carefully at the image in silence. They both knew what they were looking for, though neither of them would say it aloud; MEG had provided the blueprints so that they could begin assessing the damage to the ships air systems (and they could see the red glowing sections where oxygen didn’t reach easily enough) but they didn’t want to alert her—or her grumpy evil twin—to what they were really searching for.
It was still a motel, but at least it didn’t smell like anyone had died, there were no weird stains on the floor, and the magic fingers machine actually
The door swung open and Bobby sauntered in, effectively cutting off whatever Anna had been about to reveal.
Castiel didn’t answer immediately. It was probably only a few seconds, but they felt like some of the biggest, heaviest seconds of Dean’s life. Then Castiel nodded, short and sharp and jerky, keeping his face downturned.
“Uh,” Dean barked eloquently. “Yup. That—that’s us. Food. We’re here for food.”
Doctor Sexy. What season are you on?”
“Can I touch you?” Dean asked, raising a hand toward Castiel’s shoulder to show what he meant.
Dean was babbling out loud, sharing all his thoughts with Castiel, broken with intermittent moans and shakes. Castiel had his head down, his face buried in the side of Dean’s neck, bent over him. As Castiel pushed a little more on each thrust, stretching Dean out further, further,
“And—just to clarify here—you are
Castiel shook his head. “Not at all. I knew even back then that I was mostly drawn to men, though generally gender is just…last on my list of concerns. But I’ve never actually been with a guy, at all.”
He felt high, his body buzzing with the blurred lines between pleasure and pain that called him back to
, an immense amount of densely coded information that they had absolutely no way of using unless they could work out how to operate the holo-table.
Castiel watched carefully, curious crinkles framing his eyes, as Dean turned back to him.
Dean’s cheeks were flushed. Castiel wasn’t sure why, until he ducked his eyes down and away, turning the mask in his hands.
By the time Castiel returned to his living room, still feeling wretched but clean, Meg had the tequila poured, the movie started, and actual bowls for the ice cream.
Once his smart red jacket, sash, and epaulets were all in place, Dean reached for his hat with a sigh. He supposed he’d have to carry the damned thing; everyone present would expect the full regalia. Smoothing down the tassels of his golden epaulets one last time, Dean took a look in the mirror.
“Pie?”
She didn’t bother answering, just kicked her foot out to nudge the car’s bumper instead. “Lots to do under there?”
Their waitress hustled over after a minute, smiling  awkwardly. “Lovers’ tiff?” she asked, tilting her head toward the door. “Not that it’s any of my business. But I’ve worked here ten years, so I’ve seen plenty of folks run out like that.”
“Only if you admit that I won,” Castiel said, grinning as he pushed himself back up off the floor. He ended up sitting between Dean’s knees, closer than should have been comfortable, but reluctant to move.
“Yes, back to it.”
Clearly knowing that neither of them had much time, Castiel didn’t prolong it. His hips punched forward at a furious tempo, his thighs pushing them both toward a rousing crescendo.
Wrong move. Castiel immediately recoiled, hauling himself back across the wide, sturdy bed toward the headboard. His tail thrashed wildly, smacking into Dean’s side hard enough to bruise deep. The merman opened his mouth, and Dean knew that if he let out the note he was forming, Dean’s eardrums would never recover.
“Ahh, yes,” Dean said with a tiny grin. “I do remember you stating very firmly that you were not a sharer.”
“I’m not sure my younger self would.” Castiel mused. “I was always a bit awkward, even back then. Even my drunken shenanigans were always quite tame.”
Staring back, Dean stepped up into Michael’s space. “Then do it, bitch.”
Great.
Adler walked up to the whiteboard and wrote out a series of numbers and a long equation that Dean hadn’t come across yet. He stood for a while with his back to the class, to Dean’s increasing frustration, pointing from one number to another, before turning around.
Amara raised her eyebrow at Michael, inviting him to continue.
“Air,” he signed, his brow quirked in question as his fingers swished back and forth.
Dean felt sick.
Behind the blonde, the darker-haired girl dropped the plate she'd been holding. The smash resounded through the room, but she didn't even look at it.
Castiel’s mind screamed immediately…but no.
“And if I find out he spilled that oil on purpose, I’ll give those ~~ tapes to Sheriff Mills faster than he can cry for his momma, mark my words.”
for other social media.
Castiel nodded, pleased, and Dean trailed his fingers longingly across Castiel’s waistband to the button of his slacks. He watched Castiel’s face as he slowly popped it open, cataloging the tiny change in Castiel’s facial features as he grew more aroused; the movement of his tongue behind his teeth, the bobbing of his Adam’s apple, the heaviness of his eyelids as he blinked.
Bathed in moonlight, Dean reached down deep inside himself, pulling and tugging and coaxing, and he sang, and sang, and sang.
with his brother Sam.
“Dean!” Castiel exclaimed, baffled at Dean’s sudden anger at
Castiel kissed Dean like he was precious and breakable, and given all the times they’d hurt each other, that might be true.
Castiel’s hand slapped up across his mouth instantly, but a low chuckle escaped him even so.
Swinging out of the parking spot jerkily, Castiel threw Dean a glare, the skin behind his ears fully pink. “You’re a menace,” he signed, before turning his attention to the road.
(See the end of the chapter for
all this time?
Castiel smiled as he stepped away from the bed just long enough to find Dean’s jeans on the floor and find them for him.
“Tell that to Cole,” Meg threw back with a cruel smirk.
Dean grunted in agreement. “That one would definitely be a question for Cas.”
It was too much. To be so close to what he desired and not have it returned…Dean was a dumbass, perhaps, but even he didn’t hate himself that much.
The edge of every softly cresting wave that pushed onto the beach, breaking onto the sand mere inches from their feet, was outlined in a shimmering, ethereal blue glow.
that was all.
“He is.” Anna gave a Dean a soft little smile before adding, “He’s very proud of you, you know.”
Castiel shook his head just a little, barely a movement, just enough to feel his shirt collar shift against his neck. He’d been here before—tried things, dates, even the occasional brief relationship—with people like Dean. People on the streets, people at bars, people he shared interests with.
Dean raised an eyebrow, smiling, watching as Castiel took himself in hand while he observed. The scales at his hips shone with sunlight and lube, and Dean couldn’t resist reaching out to touch them with his other hand, pressing the pads of his fingers into the dark, shining pattern.
“Uh, I hope you don’t mind if I—” Dean waved vaguely at his tie. “It’s really hot in here, is all.”
Aww, these two! A shorter chapter because of the split, but that does mean more words and more art next week, too! Didn't Liz do an amazing job with the art? I feel like you can really sense how overwhelmed Cas is, but it's so soft...I adore it.
“See!” said Castiel. “I said you were good with the words.”
By the time Castiel had finished coating both of their stomachs with thick, hot come, Dean had given a final, over-sensitized shudder and slid out of Castiel’s ass, drawing a gasp from them both.
As soon as the vibrating was over, it started again.
After peering around at the organized chaos for a minute, Castiel spotted Balthazar dashing through the front gardens in a pale grey suit and pink shirt, his face red. A few feet ahead of him frolicked Fatback with what appeared to be a gray Italian leather loafer in his mouth.
certain if Dean was talking about the inn anymore.
You may also notice a little something... we now have a total chapter count.
Castiel couldn’t answer beyond a choked-out grunt, but his nodding and wide eyes as he slid into Dean were reply enough. He slipped in easily to start with, the tapered tip of him hot and slick and slim, the flexibility making Dean twitch around him; it felt like he was being penetrated with a warm, swirling tongue, deeper within than any similar sensation could usually go. But then, as Castiel pushed forward, filling Dean’s gaping hole, the widening of his cock
Bottle in hand, he worked his way through
Dean looked up enough to see Castiel’s agreeing nod, then pushed past the desk and headed out and back downstairs, welcoming the rain.
“Yes?”
From the other end of the aisle they were standing in there came a low, but loud, grumbling voice. “Clean up on aisle three!”
“Not good enough, more like,” Castiel corrected. “Your work is always gorgeous, Dean. I’m sure to ruin it.”
Standing up from his chair, Castiel winked. “No, I didn’t.”
Dean had planned to say something, but as he watched Castiel’s pillowy, peachy lips form the words “best part of my week,” English abandoned him.
“Right,” Castiel said, realizing too late that he was flushing a little.
He leaned against the cool wall of the corridor, his eyes closed, taking a minute to rest and focus.
“She’s not mine,” Dean clarified, possibly a little too quickly. “She’s my niece, actually. I live by myself so my brother asked if I’d watch her for a couple of hours while he went in search of TP.”
Somehow, he seemed so determinedly kind in his actions that Castiel couldn’t make head nor tails of it. It seemed like Dean would do anything for other people, as long as he didn’t have to sound like he enjoyed it.
Dean was fully against the idea of willingly inviting rodents to live with them.
“Dean?”
It hadn’t been the driving force behind Dean’s comment, but Castiel didn’t know that. Or at least, Dean hoped he didn’t.
“Ready for your surprise?” Dean asked, his chest aching oddly in anticipation.
That was where it all went wrong.
They settled back into work, though Dean was much more distracted than before—the occasional press of Castiel’s knee against his own as they leaned across the desk put him all aflutter, like a young maid. He’d have laughed at himself, if it hadn’t felt like perhaps—just perhaps—Castiel occasionally pressed his leg a little closer, chasing the solid warmth that Dean was so enjoying.
, who is a wonderful beta and even more wonderful person! :)
when Castiel appeared.
to talk to Castiel. It was more that, well, what do you say?
“Anytime,” Dean answered, softer and kinder but still formal, just in case the sheriff overheard.
Their fingers stayed entwined for the rest of the movie, Castiel’s thumb slowly moving in soothing circles on the inside of Dean’s knee without saying a word.
Dean walked down the slope to the good seats near the middle with Charlie and Castiel in front of him and Sam behind. Anna and Jo were already seated. They had been spending a lot of time together since Anna started working at Singer’s, Dean had noticed—enough for him to be able to rib Jo about it constantly, anyway. Dean and Castiel filed in neatly behind them with the rest of Castiel’s family trailing behind.
noise that seemed to be coming from one of the many bedrooms upstairs. He edged closer, holding his breath.
Hanging out with Castiel was easy and comfortable, and all that was going to change now was that Dean didn’t have to pretend that he didn’t want to kiss him.
There were signs all around reminding members of the code, and it worked really well.
Dean gave a considering hum. “Thorough, Sir. You know what to ask—I like that.”
“What’ll it be this time, Cas?”
Immediately, Dean’s hands reached out of their own accord—but he pulled himself to a stop, only inches from gently gripping Castiel’s arm. He
Dean cringed. “Uh, sure. One of those.”
“Yes, of course,” Castiel said quietly, mostly to himself. Hearing Dean shorten his name familiarly was unreasonably pleasant, but Castiel’s stomach was still in embarrassed knots.
“Well,” MEG said, sounding shifty and evasive even as she began. “I knew we needed an engineer to fix the issue. Unfortunately, yours was the first stasis egg to respond, Winchester. So we’re making do with what we have. The ship, as-is, is now completely stable. I re-routed the oxygen to focus on the Nest, to keep the rest of the cargo alive—”
Dean let out a breath, feeling a wave of relief himself. “Oh, okay. That’s—that’s good.”
“I know that!” Dean grumbled, dropping his head back to the heel of his hand. “I know that’s probably gonna bring other issues, too, even if we can sort this out. He’s probably kind of a mess still, sexually. Even if he says he feels safe with me, who knows what that’d bring up for him? I mean, I don’t know if we’ll ever be able to—”
were phrases that didn’t often appear in his Duolingo daily challenge, but Dean found that the rewards for learning them were much greater than the ones his app gave.
So softly that he almost missed it, Dean heard Castiel’s breath catch.
Dean blinked, his mouth falling open. “I—uh—no. No, we’re just friends.”
Through the double oak doors that separated Winchester Hall from the warm summer night, in strode a tall, strong-shouldered man with tousled dark hair, softly tanned skin, and thighs that told of afternoons riding and walking, rather than sitting behind a desk.
But Dean understood, now. It wasn’t that Castiel didn’t want Dean or hadn’t responded to his advances—like he’d said, it was because of
. Just the arm though? It was sort of burning and tingling, and then there was a weight on his stomach. Not heavy, kinda just like something resting above his belly button on his skin.
Snuggling back into Castiel’s chest, Dean turned his head back to catch a glimpse of dark, tousled bedhead and a flash of blue eyes. Castiel’s hand rose up in the air and gave a little wave before coming to rest on Dean’s shoulder.
“A mixture,” Dean answered diplomatically, “but a sting is real good, especially toward the end.”
Dean began, a slight shake to his voice that came more from his stress over whether this would work than from the words he was singing—confessing—to Castiel.
Dean shrugged. “We never really had a date, not one that we meant or knew at the time was a real date, you know? It was always fake.”
“You’re beautiful,” Dean breathed out, unable to help himself. Somewhere, a door had been unlocked, and Dean would rather be damned than lock it again and shut his words away. “I don’t know what it is, but you’ve never looked the slightest bit like Jimmy Novak to me. Something in your eyes. You’re just…you.”
Thanks so much for taking the time to read my notes about the fic and gain a little extra understanding. If you have any questions throughout I will do my best to answer them in your comments, or I may put it here if it needs to be generally said--unless it's a spoiler, of course!
Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Awkward, shy angels, he decided, were fucking adorable. Though knowing how hard the dude could punch, he probably wouldn’t say that to his face. “Yeah, Cas. I mean, it’s not fancy cologne or anything, but it smells pretty good to me. Just…warm, and musky, and homey. I like it.”
“I was perfectly nice!” Dean exclaimed.
Laughing, Dean shoved Castiel off the edge of the bed.
Dean thought that he might already be pretty hopelessly in love with the guy, actually.
Castiel rolled his head to the side, smiling wider, and said, “Thank you for lunch, Dean. That’s what I should have said before, at Blackbird’s.”
Something in Michael’s face softened. “The right choice is often the hardest one.”
All across the continent, up from Spain and well into France now, Dean had passed letters back and forth with his steward—with his friend. It had taken some time, and some gentle cajoling, to persuade Castiel to use his name, rather than his title. But by now, at least, Dean would certainly call them friends.
Happy New Year, everyone! It's a few days past, but this is my first post of 2021 so it felt right to say. I have so many plans and goals and hopes for 2021, I'm determined to make it a better year than 2020 by pure positivity alone. My first goal is to finish posting this fic for you! Not too much longer to go, and then I'll be sharing my Deaf Dean fic that some of you are so kindly excited for!
“So, Cas,” Dean said, wiggling his eyebrows as he nudged one of the shots toward Castiel. “Tell me about yourself.”
Finally stopping, the masked man let out a sigh that seemed to travel through his shoulders and down his spine. For a moment they just stood. They looked at each other steadily as the musical heartbeat of the club thumped in the distance, not quite covered by the discreet, sexy beat that was pumped into the rooms from the bar. It was a discordant note to the tense quietness between them.
As the whales on the TV dove down deeper, Dean adjusted his weight on the mattress and moved his hand down, sliding it under Castiel’s t-shirt to get his hands back onto bare skin, where they could massage more firmly. Castiel gave out another sigh, quiet and content, and his head dipped forward slightly into the pillow. Encouraged, Dean shuffled closer, working his fingers over the muscles of Castiel’s back.
Dean’s hands trembled. The one he held the amulet in, pressed between his palm and Castiel’s, was steadied by Castiel’s fingers. The other he balled into a fist in midair, focusing on the half-moon shaped sparks of pain that his nails caused in the flesh of his palm—a minor distraction against what was happening to his burning shoulder.
The gills that lined Castiel’s chest seemed to fit between every other rib, growing smaller as they rose up to his shoulder and became thin, curved lines at the side of his neck. Dean couldn’t help but stare at them for a moment, watching them softly rise and fall with each of Castiel’s measured breaths. With another rasping cough Castiel jolted Dean out of his staring, and the motion of his chest as his lungs filled reminded Dean why he’d turned his attention to the gills in the first place—the soot.
Dean blinked in puzzlement, but Castiel was already gone, leaving Dean clutching at an armload of Sam’s tea.
Dean floated within his own body, warm and fuzzy and content even as his throat took a pounding, the head of Castiel’s hard cock smacking against the roof of Dean’s mouth, bumping back across his soft palette. He sucked and groaned, sloppy and wet.
“Lord Winchester,” Castiel greeted Dean with a bow. He looked magnificent, Dean noted—no less so than he had at the card party. His navy jacket brought out his eyes, and his cream breeches caressed his thighs the way Dean wished he himself could.
Castiel’s eyes dropped away, moving from Dean. He opened his mouth, and Dean began imagining the fighting retort he was going to get—but nothing came, and Castiel pressed his lips tight and turned away.
- Mal <3
Charlie spoke animatedly, but not in the way Dean needed, her head turning this way and that as she gestured at shelves and began to pull her bag from her shoulder. If she’d just—
Too late.
“Sam’s out tying up the loose ends with the shaman case, breaking the curse on that kid that we needed mermaid scales to help. Soon as he’s done with that, we’re gonna load up in the Impala and head back to Kansas,” Dean chattered while he worked.
Castiel gave one of his tiny smiles. “Yes. That does help.”
“Can you see my face sitting here?” he signed thoughtfully, gesturing up at the pathetic bulb.
He knew he probably sounded like an idiot, to Castiel. Dean didn’t speak mer—human vocal cords weren’t really cut out for the intricacies of it, of the way notes became words and the key of the song could change everything. So, he just did his best. Dean had just memorized exactly what Sam had told him, the same two lines with one slight variation in tone, over and over.
Dean had set the pillow-nest back up, of course. That was a given. It had been a hit last night, so he wasn’t going to lose the ground he’d already gained. This time, though, he’d gone further, placing clean blankets around the ‘U’ shape so that they draped across the pillows, covering the gaps. He’d decided to make nachos this time, because even though Castiel was eating, Dean had noticed that he had a tendency to just pick at the food, as if he was eating in spite of himself. So Dean’d reasoned that finger foods might be the way to go. He’d also upgraded from last night’s beer to a fresh bottle of Johnnie Walker Black—that addition might have been more about his own nerves than about Castiel’s.
“Oh my god! Seriously?” Dean could feel his jaw hanging open, but—wow. His own poor dates suddenly didn’t seem that bad.
“And I am so proud of you for that, Cas. So proud that you stepped forward and did what you wanted to do, and so happy that you chose to do it with me.” Dean paused to suck in another breath. He didn’t hide it; it was fine if Castiel knew that he was nervous, it wasn’t like he could’ve concealed it even if he’d tried. “Because of you, I started to believe that people can see me as more than a face on a screen. Because you do, and you always did, even when that was all I was to you.”
Dean hadn’t ever been that kind of person, but when it came down to it, he loved his brother far more than he loved himself. And by staying close, they could still hang out a couple of times a week.
But he was…
Happy Tuesday, folks! Or whatever day it may be, for those of you in the future.
“But we’ve barely begun! You don’t have to leave, Cas, surely.” Dean pushed up out of his chair immediately. He hadn’t meant to embarrass Castiel, of course not, certainly not when
Neither of them mentioned that Castiel had already confirmed that the rents for the month were all collected. If Castiel wanted an excuse to be out of Dean’s presence, then Dean would have the grace to let him get away with it.
“Got that pocket knife from the locker earlier?” Dean asked him without preamble.
it’s a crush,” Sam surmised smugly.
“You ‘can’t’? That’s not how crushes work,” Charlie pointed out. “And you forget—I’m in one of your classes, Dean. I can see you staring at him the whole time.”
As he approached the bunker kitchen, the warm smell of freshly brewing dark roast Columbian reached his nose. He wasn’t a coffee snob—hell, he’d lived most of his life on the kind you could make in a microwave at an hourly motel—but that was definitely his favorite now that he was old enough and semi-settled enough to have a favorite at all.
Tomorrow, I have a oneshot fic posting:
“So, you’re still planning to do them?” Castiel asked, chancing a look back up as his vocal cords seemed to be back under control. It was a mistake; Dean was looking right at him with his stunning, vividly green eyes that the camera had certainly
Folding his arms across his chest as he leaned back on one of the rickety countertops, taking in the pretty gift and the freshly painted door he could see through the arched doorway that led to the kitchen.
Adam sat diagonally from Dean, next to Sam on the opposite side of the table. Dean shuffled a little closer to the wall to make space as Castiel slid in beside him, pushing the tray in front of Dean without a word.
“I was thinking of watching a movie, maybe,” Dean said. “Not much else to do, alone, really.”
Sure, she said, there were
Grumbling, Castiel dug around for a Kleenex to wipe it up.
After decades of driving Baby, swinging her lovingly around corners and feeling her throaty roar as she accelerated, driving a decrepit van gave Dean road rage. Not that he didn’t get angry behind the wheel all the time, but really, did people have to be such assholes?
- Mal <3
Castiel’s brain didn’t quite process the words that were being directed at him, because Hunter—
“Where are you going?” Castiel called after him, without even thinking about what he meant or why he cared.
“Mr. Shurley,” Dean returned warmly, bowing his own head. As the maid departed and the door clicked shut, he couldn’t help but add, “though I do wish, at the very least when we are alone, that you would call me Dean; as you used to.”
All in all, Dean was tired, and his head ached, but his vision had pretty much cleared up and he didn’t feel nauseous anymore. A win, Dean figured. Now he just had to survive Adler’s early morning math class.
Dean huffed in a breath and picked up his whiskey glass. Sucking the melting ice from the bottom of it into his mouth, he focused on the cold, crunchy sensation and nodded. “Yup,” he said around the cracking cubes. “I got this.”
“Classroom advocate?” Dean double checked, trying to push down his frustration at the conversation. “What’s that?”
, and an update to
It was three stories tall, a huge wooden home that had once been a soft cream color with blue shutters and blue accents on the wrap-around, screened porch. But now...now it was a horror movie set. Partly-opened windows, half of them smashed, revealed stained, drooping curtains within. There were so many leaves piled up on the roof that Castiel couldn’t tell what color it was beneath them. The door was open a few inches, peeling blue wood with an exceedingly dead wreath decorating its middle. The porch balustrades were rotten, some of them broken, and the footboards didn’t look any better.
Dean moistened his lips, suddenly parched and desperate, and locked his fingers between Castiel’s in turn. He nodded sharply, not trusting his voice.
“Looks pretty good,” Dean said after a moment. “Won’t take that much adjusting, just a different route for the pipes to take into account the layout of the Bellbird.”
Dean was once again struck with the reality that he hadn’t met Castiel. He only had the vaguest idea what he looked like, from odd descriptions here and there and things he’d heard in passing, back when he bore the title of Lord Castiel Shurley proudly.
Between their bodies, Dean reached to entwine his fingers with Castiel’s, his gaze still caught by the softly glowing sea. “I was wrong before,” Dean said. “The moon isn’t romantic—it really needs to step up its game, actually.”
“Yeah,” the stranger rumbled, his low, sexy voice (not as low as Castiel’s own, maybe, but pretty damn effective at the number it was currently doing on Cas). “That’s what us locals call it, anyway. Not strictly a highway by DMV standards, for sure, but one of the biggest roads Bellbird Valley has.”
Something
Dean realized that while rearranging himself on the couch seat he’d turned so that Castiel could see the TV screen beyond Dean’s head, where Dr. Sexy still played. He grinned, looking back toward the screen after checking out the TV. “You like Dr. Sexy, Cas?”
Alright, alright. Steeling himself, Castiel took a step inside the building. It hadn’t been decreed for demolition, so it couldn’t be that bad, right? He liked a good DIY project. Last year, he and Meg had put together an entire Ikea television stand in her apartment, with only minor injuries.
for updates, or feel free to look me up on social media!
“A towel, and paper! And my seal!” Dean’s chest was lighter than it had been in the weeks since news of his father’s passing had reached him. He wouldn’t have to abandon his men, just to pick up the weight of a title he’d long dreaded.
“It’d be unprofessional of me to call him a dick, Dean. We merely had a disagreement over his thoughts about rearranging the seating plan.”
“And how are you gonna do that?” Dean asked, raising an eyebrow with a cocky grin. “It’ll take something significant to make me forget about the prospect of embarrassing childhood tales, just saying…”
“So, you’re telling me everything was peachy before you came here?” Dean asked after a second, continuing their conversation.
Dean thought, knowing that his eyes were wide and eager. “I would love your cock, Sir, if you think I deserve it.”
Dean laughed loudly. “Nope. Gotta say, did not know that.”
“So, I was right in assuming he was your brother,” Castiel noted. “I realized you had the same last name, but I didn’t know exactly how you were related.”
For a moment, the sound of Liz and Simon’s clanking plates as they dug into their hot breakfasts filled the air, before Castiel realized that he should say…something, at least. Though he had no idea what someone could possibly say to hearing all of that. Clearing his throat, he offered Sam a smile. “I’m sorry to hear that, Sam. That’s a lot for kids to deal with.”
“So, why aren’t you testing out that freedom right now?” Dean said instead, giving Castiel the gentlest of pushes toward deeper water. “The waves await, Ariel.”
But the split second of hesitation wasn’t enough for Dean to tell Castiel the rest of what he wanted to say. The world was still turning, out there beyond that glowing rift, and in that world Sam needed them. Eileen needed them. Chuck needed them...to lock him up and save his creations from his ego.
Castiel’s smile in return was light and playful. “Not at all, my lord.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, drawing to a halt in front of him. He briefly dipped his head to Gabriel, too. “Gabriel.”
“Hey, Sam,” Dean said once he had the phone at his ear.
under Dean’s lips and tongue. Dean looked up, then, deliberately gazing at Castiel from beneath his eyelashes as he wandered his stroking hands toward Castiel’s waistband, teasing along his bare stomach before his fingers closed around the button. He popped it open and tugged the front of Castiel’s dress pants apart with his thumbs. There was a flash of orange beneath.
The apartment was pretty luxurious for Topeka, in a small, gated complex with a pool and gym that neither Charlie nor her girlfriend ever seemed to make use of. Dean certainly wouldn’t ask where she got the money to rent a place like this, though he had a feeling Charlie would happily tell him.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said with a smile, urging his sister forward with a gentle shove. “I hope we’re not too early.”
Dean stifled a sad smile at the incongruousness of Castiel, the one of them shedding tears, telling
It was always him.
Dean wasn’t used to riding shotgun, particularly in his own damn car, but Bobby hadn’t given him much of a choice. If it had been anyone else, Dean would have put up
Dean shrugged, looking down at Castiel’s tanned fingers still clutching at his freckled wrist. “No, you didn’t have to tell me, Cas. I shouldn’t have just butted in. I’m not an angel, I get that.”
Castiel blinked in surprise. He turned his head, looking across at Dean as he leaned over Castiel’s shoulder, eyes still on the blueprints. He smelled soft and musky, like manual labor and sawdust and cut grass, and Castiel’s abdomen
Next week, we get to spend a bit more time with one of my favorite minor characters in this fic: Jo! Have you enjoyed any of the minor cast in this fic more so than the others? I always think it's interesting who people like outside of Dean and Cas.
Coming up: Castiel is on the move, and Dean dusts off an old skill to further his friendship with his new fishy bff.
Nothing.
, a tiny cyclone of water whirled around in front of them, spiraling up toward the ceiling in a cylinder and making gurgling sounds like a spout at sea.
“Come on,” Dean murmured once the water was completely cold, and his thick plaid clung to his arms like a freezing sheet. “Let’s get you out of here. Check your wounds and get warm. It’s not good for you to sit in cold water, with your grace being low.”
“It was nothing,” Dean said quickly.
If Castiel had met him somewhere else… God, if he’d met Dean where he usually met people, he’d have had him bent over the counter by now, not staring back at Castiel with an increasingly cocky grin.
“Yes, Dean. I’d like that, too.”
It was Carl Sagan, I believe.”
“Yeah, of course. Even if we weren’t together now, he’s family.”
“Yeah, please, kid,” Sam said warmly, before turning to look back at Castiel. He raised both eyebrows. “Gossiping about my brother?”
“Pirate who knew his mermaids, huh? Well, it gets lonely at sea, and if half of them are as attractive as Cas—”
“Oh, I can be,” Dean admitted, grinning down into the bench. “But you”—
MEG sighed. Dean didn’t even know A.I.
The thanks: Again,
“Wh—how?”
Dean huffed a small smile. He could easily imagine Castiel’s spiny shoulder fins bristling up from his back. Castiel had been at the bunker for over two months while Dean searched for somewhere to take him, and Dean liked to think he’d learned a lot about merfolk—about Castiel in particular—during that time.
“Sammy,” Dean says sadly, “couldn’t live with myself if something happened to you…”
They return once more to a quiet corner in the common area, the heavy knowledge that this is the last time they will have together for an unknown amount of time settling over them.
Cas sees a flash of silver as Dean turns quickly back toward his father. Cas’s mind goes blank, impotently trying to process what he’s seeing. Dean continues to hold him tightly with his left arm, but in his right hand, he grips a handgun, aimed steadily at his father.
on life support... can you?!
“What was that for?” Dean grins stupidly, still pretty drunk himself.
“It’s okay,” she assures him, “they gave him a medication that reversed the effects of the pills he took. Most people don’t feel very good when the medicine wakes them up; this is a pretty normal response. I know it’s scary seeing someone you care about in this situation, though.” Sam nods solemnly.
“Cas,” Dean asks after a while, “does this shit happen often?” He doesn’t want to pry, to demand more of Cas than Cas is ready to give, but he wants to know, to understand.
candles on the tables, none of that LED shit, and it’s all a little too fucking romantic for Dean’s liking. He does his best to cram it all down inside, but the truth is that he’s pretty fucking nervous about being
This is entirely overwhelming. Cas melts into Dean, getting as close as they possibly can with their clothes on. Dean is holding him so tightly, strong arms wrapped around his chest and abdomen.
“Alright, Dean,” Castiel says quietly, and Dean flashes him a tentative smile which goes unreturned, but Dean doesn’t blame him.
“That’s what they all say. Hey, can I see that for a second?”
“Ugh, fine,” Dean grumbles, “but I expect you to make it up to me with sexual favors.”
“Dean, please, I don’t understand,” Cas entreats.
“Yeah?”
“What, besides confused? Fine, I guess. I mean, I don’t think there’s anything wrong with it, it’s just never really been my thing before. I mean, my dad would probably beat the shit out of me if he found out, but -“ and then he freezes. He kicks himself for saying anything about his dad that could promp further questions, or any sort of investigation.
“Dean,” Castiel whispers, finally bringing himself to look up into those brilliant, green eyes. “I...” Cas begins but hesitates.
"Yeah, yeah, I said it, whatever," Dean grumbles, but for once Castiel can tell he isn't actually annoyed.
The next morning, Cas feels like he has been not only hit by, but also mangled by a bus. Groggily, he reaches for the pill bottle he had also hidden in his stupid textbook, and takes two pills before picking up his phone. It’s already 9am. He’d actually managed to sleep in somehow. He hurries to dial the hospital and waits impatiently as it rings. Missouri answers!
When Dean arrives back at the motel, he pauses outside the door, digging for his key while balancing the food and coffee in one arm. He takes a deep breath before turning the key in the lock and pushing the door slowly open. The lights are still out, and he can just make out Castiel’s figure laying face down under a pile of blankets. Dean exhales slowly as he sets everything on the table, grateful Cas is sleeping. He shuts the door as quietly as he can; unfortunately, the sound still causes Cas to stir.
“Thanks, Dean,” Castiel says quietly and they lean back against the side of the bridge, peering up at the origin of the falls, where the water first spills out into the air. “It’s incredible.”
“Come on, Dean!” Meg groans, “it’s
“That’s not something you can promise,” Cas mourns.
“Why are you acting so weird?” Sam asks.
“Well, that’s
Suddenly, Dean was flat on his back, his cheek burning where John's palm had made contact.
“Where the hell is he?” Dean thinks to himself. At times he wants to scream it, but he bites his lip and swallows the words whole. Castiel had vanished as abruptly as he had appeared. That was eight days ago. That was his style. No explanations. No promises. No hints as to when he might return again. This is Cas. At times Dean hates him for it, but the hatred never lasts long; soon Dean longs for his friend’s return, because that is what Castiel has become: a friend.
It’s all too much for Cas, who remains curled up against Dean, eyes squeezed tightly shut as tears fall down his cheeks, and he wishes that they could teleport elsewhere, that this situation would vanish, that these moments had never happened.
“Cas,” Dean says, gently grabbing one of Castiel’s wrists, “you don’t have to… want tonight to be about you.” He leans forward, kissing Cas tenderly again.
“Uh, hello? Bobby?” Dean answers.
Cas barely manages to speak. Dean can sense Castiel’s entire body beginning to tremble and pauses.
"I would like to do a blood test, urinalysis, EKG, and a chest x-ray." With a glare from Dean, Cas consents.
"Yeah. Why?" Dean looks at Cas curiously.
Warning for self-harm.
crying over everything,” Cas groans as tears continue to make tracks down his face.
"I would never ask that of you, Dean," he says plainly.
“Dean, what do you know about this demon? Why is he following you?” Pam asks as if it’s the most mundane conversation to hold while she continues to search through her things, pulling bits and pieces out of various jars.
“Really?”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel repeats, “I know what I want with you, and it doesn’t seem complicated to me.”
By the time they are home, Castiel is already feeling a little drugged up, and Dean helps him stumble safely to the bed before assisting him with changing into some soft sweats to curl up in. Dean puts on another Beatles record and clambers into bed beside Cas.
"No it isn-" Castiel begins, but Dean races to interrupt him.
“These hipsters know their food, I’ll give ‘em that,” Dean exclaims with a mouth full of chorizo street taco.
The stars shine brilliantly once the sun has sunk below the horizon. Dean finds a couple of old sleeping bags in the camping stuff he thought to grab and unzips them, spreading one out on the hood of the car. He crawls up onto the hood, grasping Castiel’s hand and tugging him up to lay beside him. Dean covers them with the other sleeping bag and pulls Cas into his arms. Together, they lay gazing at the stars, Dean’s fingers dragging lazily through Castiel’s hair.
shaming himself again for wanting a boyfriend when Dean is simply in need of a friend.
Dean moves quickly to tug Cas’s pants off, throwing them aside with abandon. His underwear quickly follows, as do Dean’s own pants and underwear. Castiel’s dick is impossibly hard, straining against his belly, drooling precome.
"What? Are you hurt?"
“Chill, man! Everything alright?” Sam asks, caught off guard by the outburst.
“I know,” Meg replies flippantly. “Are you single?”
“That son of a bitch!” he shouts violently, startling Cas. “I’ll fuckin’ kill him,” Dean growls. He sits forward, shifting Cas to the side, and reaches behind himself, pulling the gun from his waistband. “I swear to god, Cas, I’ll fuckin’ kill him.”
"Good afternoon, boys," Missouri says sweetly, but Cas has a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. "Dean, would you mind excusing us so I can speak with Castiel for a moment?" Dean nods mechanically, standing abruptly before crossing the hall to his room. Castiel just stares at the floor, his face burning.
“Uh, yeah. I’ve noticed,” Dean snarks back.
“My vessel, it… everything feels so… present… immediate. I can hardly put words to it. It’s like there was a sort of distance between the vessel and myself, and that distance is gone now; and it’s very… uncomfortable.”
“To Sam?”
Castiel finally gives up, flipping off the light, groaning, and letting himself fall backwards onto his bed. He gropes around blindly for his iPod, one of the few diversions he has here. He was allowed to have it after the staff agreed he wasn’t a danger to himself. It was old, lacking the ability to connect to the internet or anything, but Missouri let him connect to her computer every so often to load music onto it. Castiel hits “shuffle” and curls up under his blanket, hoping he’ll be able to fall asleep soon. The Beatles sing to him through his earbuds.
“Hold on a moment, and I’ll see if I can find someone who can better answer your questions,” she offers, turning and exiting before Dean can ask anything else. He turns and punches his pillow out of frustration, but even that movement makes him groan. He feels like he’s been hit by the proverbial bus.
"Oh my god," Cas says in disbelief, "what the fuck? What a psycho!"
“Never want you to go again,” Sam says quietly in return.
Dean suddenly feels like a self-centered idiot for having never truly asked Castiel about himself. All this time he had an angel- a freaking angel! -at his side, and never thought to ask him all the nitty gritty detailed questions anyone else probably would have. Guilt stabs at him as he realizes Cas was right: he and Sam only call on him when they need something. Castiel literally pulled him out of hell, and Dean has been an ungrateful ass ever since. Dean curses himself as he refects on this. And now, he thinks, he's gonna go all Joni Mitchell about how he never knew what he had til it's gone. Could he ever not be a fucking cliché?
“Castiel, will you please
“What?” Dean replies, “I sense you got a lot of questions in there that I’d feel more comfortable answering a little drunk.”
“You got it. Dad asleep?” Sam nods. “Good. I need you to find the car keys and meet me out front, oh and grab your clothes and whatever else you need.”
“Yeah, okay, Dean,” he concedes.
When Missouri instructs Dean to head to breakfast, he protests, stating he isn't hungry. He has to go anyway.
“Love you too, angel,” Dean says. He watches as Castiel exits the vehicle and doesn’t leave until he sees that Cas is safely in their room.
about his face
“No,” Cas says, craning his neck to press a kiss to Dean’s cheek, “’S cute...”
“Plan?” Dean asks. “Guess I didn’t have one. How about I drive up, leave the car running, honk the horn, you run out, get in the car, and we take off?”
“But, dad, the room’s a mess,” Sam protests weakly.
about it?” Dean struggles, nearly choking on the words. He’s so bad at this. But Castiel actually looks at him again with the hint of a smile.
“Oh dear,” Missouri sighs sadly. “I wish I could let you go see him, Dean, I’d take you myself, but we need your father’s permission. We need him here to sign you out.” Dean can’t believe his ears.
The social worker is nice enough, Sam figures, but she asks him question after question, none of which he knows how to answer. He lies a lot, terrified, fearing his father will retaliate, take it all out on Dean if he tells the truth about their life at home. Furthermore, as much as he fears his dad, the thought of being put into the foster care system terrifies him more, as he would likely be separated from Dean.
"Aww, why won't you look at me, Dean?" a voice mock-pouts, and terror once again seizes him, his body going rigid. Slowly, he shifts his gaze  to the window, which is backlighting the all too familiar dark figure, the figure that has haunted him for as long as he can remember.
when you’re drunk!?” Sam asks incredulously.
“A long time, I think,” Dean shrugs, but his cheeks burn, giving him away.
“So, um, I ordered pizza if you’re hungry. Let Sammy pick out toppings for one half, so you might wanna avoid that half,” Dean jokes, “but it’ll be here soon.” Cas manages an anemic smile. “I told Sam he could invite Ruby over to watch a movie. Didn’t want him to feel like I was backing out of hanging out with him tonight or something. Anyway, if you wanna keep sleeping here, that’s alright, or you can come out and curl up with me on the couch and sleep through whatever Sam picks out to watch.”
“What didja do, boy? Where are you being held?” Dean told him he was caught stealing, thought he’d put off the truth as long as possible, and told him where he was.
"Yeah," Cas says, "I've always wondered how so many words can come out of one person." Dean grins at him, and the rest of his anxiety is dispelled, at least for now. Dean isn't like all the other guys he's known; he clearly isn't afraid of being labelled "gay by association." Maybe it's because Dean has
“I will heal myself…I’ve just been so exhausted.”
“The last time it happened, I went into a deep depression, stopped eating, stopped showering or even leaving my bedroom. Honestly, I wanted to die. I guess I wasn’t technically suicidal, because I was too scared to attempt anything, but I thought if I just never ate or left my room, I’d eventually just die. I just figured there was no point to living anymore, that no one would ever love me, especially if they ever found out about everything. After a week, one of our housekeepers told my mom that I was too weak to get out of bed and that I needed to go to the hospital. So they had me taken to the hospital. I guess I was so dehydrated that I could have damaged my kidneys if it had gone on longer, but they gave me IV fluids and admitted me to the psych ward again when I was strong enough, and then I met you.” Dean is speechless. He just stares at Castiel’s earnest, innocent face, looking up at him with a deep trust in his expression, and he can hardly believe what had taken place just weeks before Cas had come into his life.
"I'm not," Dean replied nervously, "I'm telling the truth."
“Where do you want to go?”
"Hey Cas! Nice to see you hooked up to fewer things," Sam says with a smile as he enters the room Castiel has been moved to. There are indeed fewer machines in the room, fewer sounds, and less space in general. "How are you feeling?" Castiel's eyes rise to meet Sam's; they look tired.
“Oh, no reason,” Cas tries to say casually, “it’s not important... sorry, ignore me.” Dean gives him a funny look.
“Dean! It’s so good to see you!” Cas yells back.
“Yeah, but I can still be sorry,” Dean sighs, draping an arm over Cas’s shoulder. “I swear, Cas, soon as you’re up to it, we’ll track down a way to fix all this.” Castiel half-smiles, unconvinced that it is possible, but he is grateful anyway for Dean’s intention. As the pair lock eyes, Cas can see something in Dean’s expression that makes him think for just a moment that Dean wants to lean in and kiss him, but the moment is fleeting, and then Dean is stretching and withdrawing his arm.
that just sort of sets in once fall hits, not quite real rain, but not dry either. A shiver runs through Castiel’s body. To Cas’s surprise, Dean senses it and pulls him in close as they walk, all the while talking casually with Sam.  Castiel feels as if his heart skips a beat, an involuntary smile gracing his lips. He almost can’t believe the joy he feels with Dean’s arm around his waist as the brothers converse happily, like this is the most natural thing in the world.
“You get used to it,” Dean assures him. Dean picks up the old iPhone that now belongs to Cas, scrolling through the music until he comes to
Dean breathes heavily when he moves his hand to Castiel’s cock instead. “You’re so hard... so fuckin’ hard for me.” Dean’s eyes glint as they flash up to meet Castiel’s, and Cas takes a deep, shuddering breath.
“Uh, nothing, just a
Castiel closes the door quickly, leaning his back against it and taking a deep breath. He feels rattled. Running a hand over his hair, trying to calm it down as has become a habit of his, he begins pacing in the small amount of space he has to do so in. That guy… Castiel can’t get him out of his head. Ever since that moment at dinner, he has been in a tailspin. Castiel would like to believe in “love at first sight,” but he’s pretty sure that that needs to be mutual, and this is most likely not that at all. The wink? The cocky grin? What did it
“There,” Pam announces after what Cas feels was five hours, though it was, in reality, less than 20 minutes, “all finished.” She wipes the finished tattoo down with another cold solution. Cas winces, but it helps ease the burn that’s settled into his skin. “You wanna see?” she asks. Cas sits up, looking in the mirror, and grins a little, taking in the dark design standing in stark contrast to his pale skin. He never thought he’d be brave enough for something like this, but he did it, and he is glad, especially now that the worst of it is over. He spends another moment or two admiring his reflection before Pam rubs some more stuff onto the tattoo and covers it with plastic wrap and tape, running quickly over the after-care instructions.
“This is nice,” Cas murmurs to Dean, and Dean grins, ducking to kiss him tenderly. Despite watching a kid’s movie with Dean’s little brother and his not-girlfriend, the kiss turns heated.
“Get some rest Cas,” Dean speaks gently, packing his supplies away once again. The angel’s eyes are closed, his brown hair ruffled, and brow moist with sweat. Dean is about to push himself up from the bed when Castiel suddenly opens his eyes.
“I’m just joking with you! You can say whatever you want, Cas,” he replies, resting a hand on Cas’s shoulder.
“So, elephant in the room,” Dean says, earning a confused stare from Cas, “Sam knows the truth, Cas, and, I assume, will knock
“What? Because Dean is a guy?” Castiel asks with his brow furrowed.
No one sits next to him or tries to speak to him, which he really doesn’t mind; he isn’t feeling particularly chatty. He hears a giggle and turns toward it, catching two younger girls quickly looking away from him. Lowering their voices, they huddle together, clearly talking about him. He rolls his eyes and returns to staring at his plate.
“Try me,” Dean suggests, half joking, but Leah does.
Dean follows Cas down the little hallway to the restrooms. There are three of them: all gender neutral, single toilet affairs. Glancing around and seeing they’re alone, Dean pushes Cas into one, following and quickly locking the door behind them.
about him. For some reason it had never occurred to him that Bobby might
"Yeah," Dean breathes, and is startled when the phone begins ringing.
” Castiel states after a moment.
“You tired Cas?” Sam asks gently.
be happening. He barrels through the bedroom door to the living room. The lights are out, but he can make out a slumped form on the floor. It’s Sammy. Dean falls to his knees, gathering Sammy in his arms. It’s too dark to discern his features, but Sam’s skin is cold enough that Dean knows that something is grievously wrong.
"What are you doing?" Cas finally asks, and Dean's head snaps to attention.
,” Cas says, raising a hand to the side of Dean’s face. “Your face is so... symmetrical.”
In the evening, they share another dinner that is almost too romantic for Dean’s sensibilities, but as they watch the sun set, sinking past the horizon, seemingly into the sea, Dean doesn’t care. Maybe this
“No. Just him,” Dean replies coldly. “What happens if he never calls back?”
"Seriously?" Dean asks again, "I haven't freaked you the fuck out?"
” Meg says under her breath, openly staring as the guy passes by.
“I didn’t think it was so bad…”
had not done that.
“Yes, I do,” she voices kindly, “but the best thing you can do for him right now is to take care of yourself. I think you’ll find that talking about these things will help you work your way through it all. For his sake, and your own, try to be open to the idea of accepting help.” With this, Billie stands. “I’ll see you again soon, Dean, but I’ll let you get some rest now unless you have any questions for me.” Dean shakes his head. “Well, it was nice to meet you,” she adds with a smile and turns to leave.
“We drove around and saw some sights,” Dean says, looking over to Cas with a warm smile.
“No, I don’t,” Cas rushes to say. “I mean, that’s what I grew up believing; I’m just second guessing everything I once believed now. But I don’t think you’re crazy because of your beliefs.” That actually seems to relax Dean.
“The fuck is that ‘spose to mean?” Dean said defiantly without raising his voice. He really wanted to avoid drawing attention to himself if at all possible.
And then Dean is laughing like he hasn’t laughed in a long time. “You’re fuckin’ adorable,” he says before he even realizes he’s speaking.
“He never touched me or anything, just always made me do stuff to him,” Cas continues. “I always got sick afterward, so he said it was ‘working.’”
happen to be you, Becky?" Dean asks with a
When he wakes, it's to Sam shaking him excitedly.
“Dad’s a sorry sonofabitch, but I still shouldn’t have done what I did. But I swear, Sammy, I’m gonna figure something out. I’m gonna keep you safe.” Dean can feel Sam nod against his chest. “Now have fun tonight, ’kay?”
Once they’re seated in the corner of a bar, menus in front of them, and two beers on the way, Dean finally cheers up.
“Uh, Missouri?” Dean speaks up, just as she’s turning to leave.
Cas hisses, squeezing his eyes shut as Dean continues to slide his hand up and down the length of his cock, faster now. Dean laughs as Cas braces himself, one arm against the shower wall and the other hanging tightly onto Dean’s shoulder.
Cas looks so fragile like this, his scarred but otherwise perfect body laid out naked on the sheets. Dean bites his lip as he works, struggling to contain the emotions he feels. He desperately wishes things were different, that he had Cas naked under some other circumstance that would allow them to enjoy it. Dean shoves the thoughts of how badly he wants to touch and kiss Cas
“Uh, I guess,” Cas answers, looking unsure.
“Keep ‘em comin’, baby; you sound so pretty,” Dean encourages in a rushed whisper. Castiel thinks he should probably reciprocate, should probably
Dean thinks, Cas’s body is always so fucking hot, literally speaking (well, figuratively speaking as well); his dick feels ridiculously warm pressed against Dean’s, and it’s freakin’ awesome.
They step out of the shower, and Cas happily allows Dean to dry him. Of course Castiel can dry himself, but he knows that this is part of how a Dean shows his affection: by over-protecting and assisting when assistance isn’t actually necessary. Cas is quite alright with that.
“Hey, what does that mean?” Dean asks, “doesn’t sound like you’re so sure about that.”
"Fuck, Cas, you'd really do that for me?" Dean asks, his face lit with an excitement that warms Castiel's chest.
-The Beatles
The food is “awesome,” as Dean declares, when it arrives, digging in with enthusiasm. Cas agrees, but spends as much time watching Dean eat as he spends eating his own dinner. The wine makes him pleasantly light-headed, and he can’t stop the happy feeling spreading through his body as he gazes across the table at a relaxed, contented Dean.
“Will you, uh,” Cas falters, but Dean finishes his sentence for him.
To make matters worse, Cas doesn’t even know exactly what
“Look, sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you, but I’m not gay or whatever,” Dean says hurriedly, his voice strained. He can’t face the tears in Castiel’s eyes.
Once the Impala is loaded up with the pair's meager belongings and Cas is dried and dressed again, Dean locks up the room and they return to the familiar leather seats and they're off. Dean struggles to keep his speed reasonable as they drive through the city. He stops briefly at a convenience store for a few things, and eventually they're back on highway 26, this time headed west out of Portland.
"Please, leave me alone," Dean whimpers, and the man laughs. "Leave me alone!" Dean repeats a little more forcefully.
“Do you use any illicit drugs? Or smoke marijuana? I suppose it is no longer illicit since it is legal in Oregon…”
“Good,” Dean smiles, driving the last few blocks to his house. Cas continues to lean on him for support as they make their way back to the bedroom, collapsing onto the mattresses still lying on the floor. “How’s the tattoo feel?”
"Well, that is great, right?" Sam says hopefully.
“Oh, mostly just The Beatles,” Castiel says, blushing again, “and a little Chuck Berry.”
“Skip it for tonight,” Dean instructs, and Sam scowls.
"Yeah, it's fine. Just busted a stitch yesterday." Castiel still looks concerned, but he nods his head.
“Cas,” Dean says as he pulls out onto the highway, turning the music down a little, “are you alright?”
“Yes. I did.
Dean feels like he’s suffocating; he needs some air. Slowly, he goes to sit up and bites his lip to keep from crying out and waking Cas when he stupidly puts pressure on his broken hand. He wants to shout and curse and probably punch something else, maybe break his other hand, but more than anything, he wants to sneak out quietly because he has no idea what to say to Cas if Cas were to wake up and catch him. Cas would take this all personally, even though, Dean thinks, it’s all just in his own fucked up, broken head.
can read too,” Dean jokes.
And she keeps callin'
“Well, I’ll be around if you need anything! Oh, and this is gonna sound really weird, but were you guys at Multnomah falls last week?” Charlie asks, tilting her head to the side.
When they arrive, Ruby thanks Dean for the ride, Sam says his goodbyes, and Dean watches as Sam and Ruby walk toward the school’s entrance, greeted by a group of Sam’s friends who seem to openly admire Baby.
"What kind of tests?" Cas asks nervously.
“It’s incredible,” Cas answers through another huge bite.
“Almost 10 percent alcohol content,” Dean says, impressed, “that’s like two beers for the price of one.” Castiel thinks maybe he should reconsider after his last venture with alcohol, but Dean assures him there’s a big difference between drinking one strong beer while eating food and drinking two thirds a bottle of whiskey. “You’ll be fine, Cas.”
“Ugh, Meg, cut it out! I thought you said you were a
"Yes, he's very lucky," the doctor replies.
“Shhh, Sammy, I came to ask, do you want to stay here with dad, or do you wanna come with me?” Dean is pretty sure he already knows the answer.
he wouldn’t run. Once the room is illuminated, Cas spots the keys to the Impala on the nightstand along with Dean’s gun, and breathes a sigh of relief.
” Dean exclaims, “‘Course I want to! But… uh… do you know what that entails?”
Returning to his room, Dean spots the boy from dinner in front of the door across from his own. The boy glances up, recognizes him, and freezes with his hand on the door, his face reddening again. Dean nods at him. So this is
“Unfortunately, no. I’m sorry, Dean, but we need a guardian’s signature, and someone to come pick you up. We can’t just put you on the bus,” Missouri says sympathetically.  “I suppose we’ll just keep trying, and hopefully we’ll hear back soon.”
Short but smutty, with a hint of plot...
“Well, what do you want to do now? You hungry?”
He can’t bring himself to move, and just stands there as the water washes over him. It isn’t until he hears a knock at the bathroom door that he shuts off the water.
At dinner Dean sits alone, pushing the food around on his plate until Meg sits down opposite him.
“She’s known me since I was a baby, and she’s been more of a mother than my own mother has ever been,” Cas remarks sadly. Quickly they dress and are ready to go, and Dean helps Cas to his feet.
"No, it does," Dean assures him, not explaining any further. "You're so goddamn talented, Cas."
Cas laughs sleepily, grinning at Dean, his cheeks flushing a pretty pink.
sin is the disgraceful, ‘embarrassment to the family’ one,” Cas rolls his eyes.
“I’m so sorry, Sam,” Dean sighs, defeated, “none of this should have happened.”
Dean laughs. “Yeah, well that one doesn’t really call people, anyway.” Cas looks confused. “But you can listen to music and read stuff online or like play games and shit.”
“Wait,” Castiel gasps, pulling back just a fraction of a bit, feeling altogether like he is fighting a law of physics.
"No, I'm fine, but Cas is in surgery. Fucking surgery, Sam! He's pretty damn torn up."
and then
he just lays there all night thinking about you, jerking himself off, wishing it was you.” This time Dean turns bright red, his heart racing a little. He doesn’t know why this is getting to him.
“I’m probably boring you,” Cas says after a long while, tearing his attention away from the tiny world in front of him.
“Yeah, it was,” Dean agrees, kissing Cas again sensually, lingering to truly taste him.
"Cas?" Dean asks blearily.
It all becomes a nauseating blur: the operator telling him he must begin CPR, struggling to haul Dean’s dead weight to the floor, the operator giving him instructions over speakerphone, telling him he is doing an excellent job as he sobs, his tears wetting the front of Dean’s shirt as he struggles to do chest compressions, sure he isn’t doing it right, sure that Dean is going to die because he isn’t doing it right. The medics arrive, and Sam stands back, watching in a daze as they take over, huddled around Dean’s body. Sam feels a hand on his shoulder. He turns and is met by the kind brown eyes of a young woman with a badge that reads “trainee.”
that!” The corner of Cas’s mouth twitches up.
“Across the doorway,” Dean grunts, “careful when you step over it.”
“Dean?” Dean is shaken from his trance. “Dean, the other angels don’t want me near you…they don’t really want me around at all.” Suddenly Castiel inhales sharply, his face contorting in pain. Dean’s eyes widen further and he feels frozen to the spot. Castiel’s hands travel to his abdomen as he curls into a semi-fetal position.
“I know,” Dean grins, “just meant you’re not the only one. I know how you feel. Anyway, I’m sorry I dredged all this shit up.”
The three boys do as they’re told, stepping softly behind the warm jingle-jangle of Pam’s anklets, bracelets, and hair beads. She opens the door to a small, dark room lit only by a lamp with a sheer red scarf thrown over it, lending the space a mysterious glow. The air is thick with myriad scents, oils, perfumes, and things less pleasant in their muskiness. Shelves line the walls displaying jars and small glass vials of bones, herbs, and other, more unsavory objects, many of which Cas cannot place.
"Um, well, it's me," Dean states with half-hearted humor. "You wanna eat? I assume we're still allowed to do that."
“Dean! How’re you doin,’ son? I’ve been wonderin’ about you.”
“Sure seemed to like
“Thank you,” Cas sniffs as tears flow steadily down his cheeks. “Can we go home? If that’s okay with you.” Dean smiles at Cas’s referring to his house as “home.”
“Take yours off too,” Cas says suddenly, urgently.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “Cas’s room was right across the hall from mine.”
“Oh fuck, Cas,” Dean groans, slowly increasing the movement of his hips, “baby, you feel so damn good. So tight. So fucking hot.” And Dean meant
to make me feel even shittier?”
“I want to walk to the bridge.”
victims, he tells himself, say “no,” they fight back, they’re tied down or are overpowered. None of this is true of himself, he thinks. Indeed, Castiel has never been physically forced into anything, he has never been chained to a wall in somebody’s basement or been tied up and gagged with a gun to his head, but psychological manipulation and coercion can be equally powerful; unfortunately, Castiel doesn’t see it this way.
“Cas, you’re so fuckin’ sexy,” Dean growls against his chest, “fuck, love seein’ you like this.” When Dean looks up at him, Cas’s eyes are softly closed, but a wide grin is spread across his face. Dean returns to his chest, nipping at him, sucking at his nipples, before trailing kisses down his abdomen, worshipping his scars, running his fingers lightly over them, kissing along the low-slung waistband of his jeans. Cas reaches out, tangling his fingers in Dean’s short hair, wordlessly encouraging him. Dean kisses and tongues along the bony prominence of Cas’s pelvis that is just peeking from his waistband.
"So... are you from around here?" Becky asks Dean without letting him answer. "I am. Well, I wasn't born here, but I grew up here." But before Becky launches into her life story, Anna elbows her non-subtly. "Oh, right," Becky says, "um, someone wanted me to ask you if you are currently seeing anyone, and if you're not, do you prefer redheads," she says, indicating Anna, "or blondes?" She finishes by tossing her own blonde hair over her shoulder.
“And how would you rate your diet? Mostly fresh foods? Mostly “junk” foods?”
need you to come back to me." Fuck, he's crying again. "I'll do whatever you need me to. I promise, I'm not goin' anywhere."
“Oh my god, Cas,” Dean whispers, “are you okay?” Cas nods tremulously, and Dean helps him sit up a little.
“How are you feeling,” Dean asks Cas sincerely as they watch Sam disappear into the house.
"Fine," Cas surrenders, slumping against the countertop. "Because I don't like being at home. My sister is annoying, and my parents think that there is something fundamentally 'wrong' with me." Cas sees pity in Missouri's eyes the next time he meets her gaze.
"So you don't deny you're fucking him?" Meg asks, flagrantly ignoring Dean's point. Dean sighs, throwing his hands up in defeat.
"It's... well, it's the guy I saw during the... in the fire... that I had dreams about. But now he talks to me when I'm awake." When Dean chanced a glance at his father, the look on his face was one of unadulterated horror and disgust.
“Yeah, promise,” Dean replies.
“God, I fuckin’ love you,” Dean murmurs between kisses, gripping Castiel’s rapidly hardening cock.
"That stuff can
“Shit, what can I do?” Dean asks, taking his hand. “You wanna go to the hospital? That sounds really bad.”
” Dean moans again as Castiel swallows him down, the muscles of his throat contracting around his cock. “You are so fuckin’
"Oh, good, you're both here," Dr. Murphy says as he enters the room. "I've received the MRI results, and everything appears normal. We found no evidence of ischemic damage which, again, is frankly astounding given the blood loss he experienced. Basically, the physical structures of the brain and brainstem are intact."
“Yes, I believe that could be a possibility,” she says. “Have you experienced any more thoughts about suicide or harming yourself in any way?”
“Dean?” he asks sleepily, rubbing his eyes.
“Where will you sleep tonight, Dean?” he asks abruptly. Dean looks a little surprised.
“What?” Cas asks gently.
. Lastly, he adds
“Hey man, you’re out of bed!” Dean exclaims as he approaches his friend.
“So, uh, since I didn’t know you were coming home today, I sorta told Ruby I’d stay at her place tonight. I can call and cancel, though,” Sam says to Dean, “I feel bad bailing on your first night back home.”
“Cas,” Dean says softly, stepping forward and brushing the hair gently out of Castiel’s eyes. Cas’s eyes flutter open and lock on Dean’s as he blinks the water out of his eyes. Slowly, Dean takes Castiel in his arms, holding him as though he were a declicate, precious something. He backs Cas against the wall so Cas has something to lean against. Cas is still staring up at him with those crazy-blue eyes. Slowly, Dean ducks his head, leaning in to kiss Castiel’s parted lips. It is soft, gentle and lingering, and Castiel feels swept up by the tender intensity of it. The way Dean is holding him, the way Dean’s lips are lingering against his own, it is the soft, caring side of Dean that Castiel has rarely been met with in the past, but Dean is showing it to him now, and it is making Castiel’s head spin in an unfamiliar euphoria.
"It's okay, Dean," Cas says quietly, "I can't imagine how you're dealing with all the shit you've got going on." He can feel Dean take a deep, shuddering breath.
“Can I at least say goodbye to him?” Sam asks quietly.
"Fuck," he breathes to himself, but Cas hears him.
“Jesus, Sammy, yes! What do you want me to say?” Dean barks.
“What am I supposed to do now, Dean?” Cas says after a while. “I’ve watched people for as long as the species has been around, but now I’m at a loss as to where I should even begin.”
What the fuck has he done? He feels like a fool that he thought for even a moment that Dean might be open to any of what he has come to want. And now Cas begs sleep to take him. And if he never wakes up, that would be alright; he just wants out.
“You’re a goddamn disappointment, y’know that?” John spits. Dean snorts a hollow laugh.
When Castiel wakes again sometime around noon, Dean hands him another glass of water and offers to heat his burrito and coffee up in the microwave. Cas accepts, and props himself up in bed as he waits. As he watches Dean move around the room, he wonders about the night before. He’s pretty sure he’s remembering it all right, and he’s left with an ache in his chest, separate from the plethora of aches plaguing the rest of his body. He is grateful for Dean’s care this morning, grateful that they remain friends, but an overlying hurt and want stands nonetheless.
“Like I said, nothin’ fancy,” Dean mumbles adding, “don’t even have my own space. Gotta share with Sammy.” But Cas is grinning.
“Are you hungry?” Dean asks. “I could find us something to eat, or you could sleep some more. You got anything to sleep in? You can have my bed. I’ll sleep in Sammy’s tonight.”
“Dude, as a human, Cas is only like a couple months old,” Sam bites back.
“Uh, yeah,” he replies with a grimace, “there are some things you just can’t unsee.”
“The demons, Cas,” Dean rasps, “they’re going to target anybody close to me. They’ll hurt me by hurting the people I care about most.” Cas wraps his arms tightly around Dean, peering over Dean’s shoulder, helplessly gazing at Sam, who looks equally at a loss for any way to help.
“What? Circle?”
“Cas, tell me what you want,” Dean murmurs against his neck, “wanna make this perfect for you, baby.”
“Cas?” he whispers anxiously, leaning over to run his fingers along Castiel’s cheekbone. Castiel’s tear-filled eyes flutter open, fixing on him with an emotion he can’t quite make out. “You okay?”
“Sometimes,” Charlie adds.
else. He feels light-headed, his body beginning to tremble uncontrollably.
That evening, everything is quiet. Sam has gone back to the hotel, but Dean sits at Castiel's side. They're silent as Dean scoots his chair closer to the bed, leaning against the rail. Slowly, he takes Cas's hand, and Cas looks over at him.
"It was my damn fault he was out there in the first place," Dean replies darkly, before breaking back into a grin. "Anyway, we were both drenched and freezing, and Sammy lost a shoe. Dad was so pissed! But it was pretty awesome too," Dean ends with. Cas smiles at him before returning his gaze to the horizon.
“Like being unable to get out of bed for weeks at a time. I once went a couple weeks without showering or changing my clothes because it all seemed pointless. My parents only noticed when Anael started complaining about how gross I was. So I showered and went back to bed for another four days. Apparently that’s known in the psychiatric world as
be with him. ‘S my fault he’s there in the first place!” Dean says as calmly as he can, but the panic and rage he feels is bubbling just below the surface. “Missouri,
“He’s a total nerd anyway!” Dean tells her.
“Dude, I can’t believe Cas got drunk and kissed you!” Sam laughs “what the hell was that like?”
Dean thinks of Castiel’s apparently nonexistent refractory period, I mean, even Dean knows that’s just like, a porn thing; real dudes don’t have a turn-around time that short, well, maybe when he was sixteen… but he digresses.
“And you said your parents were paying him, right? Did they know about this?” Aside from when his dad broke Sammy’s wrist, Dean is hard-pressed to think of another time he has been so angry.
“Oh!” Sam says, his face turning a brilliant pink as he realizes his brother is in bed with his arms around another guy. “Uh, sorry, I...”
” Sam says, “she’s a friend from school.”
And there was the kiss, the kiss they had yet to discuss, the kiss that had felt too damn good, and Dean has to taste that again. So he does.
At last they arrive at a large area filled with chairs and nervous looking people.
Dean’s voice is taken from him as he collapses silently forward, bent over his brother’s lifeless body. The pain is like nothing he has ever experienced as he pleads with a god he doesn’t quite believe in to take him instead.
There's a knock at the door and Bridget excuses herself for a moment. When she returns, she is accompanied by two police officers. Dean knew this was coming.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next time Dean looks up, those blue eyes are
“No offense taken!” Castiel assures him, “they
"What? This is what friends talk about."
“Any time. You promise me you’ll call if you need anything?” Bobby asks gruffly.
“Yes,” Castiel pants as Dean continues jerking him off, “want you to be mine alone… all mine.” The look in Castiel’s eyes when he meets Dean’s gaze sends a shiver of desire down Dean’s spine.
to know. All the while, the tone of Dean's voice scares him some. "You're just gonna think I'm crazy too," Dean chokes.
literally, and he has issues with personal space... I could go on."
Hope you’re all well! Protect each other: STAY HOME AND READ FAN FICTION!
“Awesome! Well, I’ll talk to you soon,” Dean says, “try not to worry about everything. It’s gonna be okay.”
“Yes. I still remember watching it’s construction. Those people hauling those massive stone blocks one inch at a time over miles of terrain. It seemed so utterly pointless,” Cas recalls, brow furrowed. “Just observing was… exhausting.”
“What about Black Sabbath? Or AC/DC?”
"Uh yeah, just a minute! "Cas calls, jumping up and wiping his eyes. Even though Dean has cried in front of him, Cas has no desire to cry in front of Dean. His eyes, however, betray him, red and watery as he opens the door.
"Good night, Dean." And slowly, Dean drifts to sleep listening to his friend's steady breaths.
"Yes," Dean answers without looking at Cas.
“What are we doing here?” Dean sighs helplessly. Cas narrows his eyes, confused.
“‘Kay. See you soon.”
“It’s pain Cas. You’re feeling pain,” Dean mutters numbly. Dean feels helpless. As he would put it, this is way above his pay-grade, and that terrifies him. “You don’t sleep, and you don’t feel pain,” Dean murmurs, again at a loss for other words. At this, Castiel utters a low moan, again grasping at his stomach. “What? What is it?” And Dean pulls the blankets from Castiel’s trembling body.
“Ouch,” she says, returning to her typing.
“How are you
“Uh, sure,” Dean agrees, surprised. He can’t remember the last time Sam had asked to sleep with him; he’s sure it’s been several years now. He lays down beside Sam, gazing at his little brother in the dim light.
“I know,” Dean sighs, “and thanks. Just tryin’ to be honest with you. I know it’s stupid.”
"She is just a little bit terrifying," Dean admits, turning to Cas.
“Look, I know… fuck. I know we need to talk about some shit, but right now you look like hell, no offense, and I figure that can all wait til you can hold your head up and keep your eyes open.” Cas nods slowly, taking small sips of coffee. “But, just so you know, I’d like things to be good between us, I mean, I still want to be your friend, Cas.”
“Well, first of all, they’re ‘bunnies,’ not ‘rabbits,’ and second, I don’t know. It’s just hot. You don’t question it; it just
“Oh,” Sam replies, trying not to sound too disappointed, “that’s okay. We can do it another time, I guess.”
religious. We’re all named after angels,” Castiel says, rolling his eyes.
did!”
“I feel like I’m gonna throw up whenever I think about it,” Cas admits, his words muffled by Dean’s jacket. “I feel so ashamed.”
“I don’t understand your aversion to movies about women,” Castiel says plainly.
“Don’t fuckin’ touch him!” Dean shouts, lunging across the room in a blind panic. But as quickly as Dean approaches, Yellow Eyes blinks out of sight, leaving Dean panting and quaking on his knees at Cas’s bedside.
“I most certainly will not,” she says firmly to Castiel’s astonishment. Before he can protest she adds, “I will clean the carpet for you, and I will not allow you to argue me on this point.”
“You don’t deserve any of their shit,” Dean says after a while.
"Good morning, Dean," she greets him. "Heard you had a rough evening."
Trigger warning for further discussion of self harm
“Yeah.”
"Are you going to lay down, Dean?" Castiel asks at last. Dean jumps a little, shaken out of whatever stream of consciousness was flowing through his head.
“What?” Sam asks.
“Yeah?” she asks amusedly. “Like what?”
"Can you tell me his name?"
“What?” he sputters, “you’re a shrink, and I’m being thrown in the loony bin?” He spits angrily, “that bastard set this up, didn’t he? My dad...he… well, I’m not fuckin’ crazy! I just want to get the fuck out of here!” Hearing the shouting, several nurses rush to the door, but Billie waves them off, unfazed.
"Robert. Uh, Rob Plant." It's the name on the fake ID he's carrying at the moment. This identity doesn't have an arrest record yet.
“No,” Cas assures him, “I just can’t stop crying; it’s embarrassing.”
“Well, Gabe’s an annoying jerk, but he can be alright. He at least treats me like I’m a normal person. Anael is a snobby bitch, Michael thinks he’s god’s gift to the world, and I’m pretty sure my parents agree, and Lucifer is an evil bastard. Really grew into his name. And Raphael, well, he’s only two, so he’s fine, but I'm sure they’ll all turn him against me too once he’s old enough.” Dean looks at him dumbfounded.
“Yeah? How does that make you feel about your own family?” Billie asks gently.
“Dean, the fact that you are able to talk about this so openly and honestly is great. I am glad that you feel able to talk about this with me, and I hope that saying some of this out load can help you find some clarity. It’s a healthy first step anyway.”
"Uh, Dean's my middle name," he stutters to Sarah.
“Nah, you’re good for now. Still smell alright.”
Dean holds Cas against himself, rocking him gently, praying for an answer from a God he doesn’t believe in. And a voice cuts through the tense silence. Dean’s voice, soft and low, rumbling out a familiar melody, and Cas gradually melts in his arms, the panic slowly fading.
“Okay,” Sam says finally, “I’ll take your word for it.
“He has two jobs,” Sam says quietly.
“You look so fuckin’ hot,” Dean rasps, crawling onto the bed himself, straddling Castiel’s hips, his forearms coming to rest on either side of Cas’s head. He can hear Cas’s breath hitch, and grins again, moving a hand again to the man’s cock. Cas struggles to keep his eyes open; he wants to see Dean, see the look in his green eyes, but the sensations in his body are intense, almost overpowering. Dean kisses his neck, nipping, leaving marks that will remind them both for days of what they have shared, all the while gently moving his hand up and down, stroking his hard length. Cas makes sounds Dean never thought he’d hear, the sounds stoking the fire in his belly as he grows hard once more.
Back in Oregon, Dean gets on I84 headed west, toward Portland. He has decided to turn off when they reach Hood River. Instead of driving back through the Gorge, he figures they’ll drive around the south side of Mt. Hood. He’s racked up miles and miles on the Impala, and is pretty sure he’s driven through every state with only two exceptions: Alaska and Hawaii. He’s even crossed into Canada, but with all that driving, Dean feels like he really hasn’t gotten to see much. It’s always been a job with no time left for sightseeing, so really, there’s no time like the present to get out and see a little.
"Cas, please, listen," Dean pleads sincerely through the door. "I'm really sorry... I wasn't thinking, and I fucked up. I shouldn't have looked without asking." Castiel doesn't respond immediately, and a sinking feeling settles over Dean.
“Dean, I’m powerless. How do you expect me to help you fight them?” Dean’s chest aches for Cas, the man who could once both kill and heal with the touch of a hand, now bound, wrists and ankles, to a hospital bed, terrified and in pain.
"Doubt it. Keeps my mind off my own shitty family- well, really just my shitty dad; Sam's great."
“Holy shit, Cas!” Dean exclaims, “please tell me you don’t have that all here in cash.”
expected, but I mean, it’s great, I’m, uh, I’m glad you’re doing well, and, uh…” Sam is beginning to ramble, so Dean saves him.
"I... I don't think so," Dean stammered.
"You know?" Dean replies, "I'd really love to, but we've got some packing to do if we wanna hit the road and put some miles behind us before it gets much later." He grins and winks as he is met by Cas's blank stare.
“I could carry you if your ankle is too fucked up.” Dean offers.
“I’ll try to catch you if you can’t make it!” Dean says as he tries to position himself in some way that would make it even slightly possibly. Then, with a horrible screeching of metal bending and nails being pulled from wood, the gutter pulls loose from the edge of the roof, and Cas loses his grip, falling hard into Dean’s arms. Dean loses his balance, falling backward and hitting his head on the ground decently hard, but he has his arms around Castiel’s torso, under his armpits.
“Guess you could say that,” Castiel agrees. “What about you? Are your parents hard on you?”
“S’gonna be alright,” Dean assures him softly. Gradually, Cas leans into Dean. To his surprise, Dean wraps an arm around his shoulders, pulling him in even closer. “We’ll figure this out, Cas. Maybe there’s something a doctor could give you to help.”
“Oh, yeah,” Cas mumbles, “uh, I knew that...”
to be gay. He actually accepts me. I miss him, but I’m happy for him, getting away from everyone.”
“Let me be clear, though, Cas,
"Did he
When the food is gone and the bill paid, Dean and Cas walk slowly back across the street to the Impala. The sun is low in the sky, and Dean knows it won’t be long before it’s dark out. The sky is already turning pink in places. Once they’re out of the city center, they are passing apple orchards, vineyards, and fields growing different types of berries. Before long they come to a viewpoint, and Dean pulls over.
“Alright then, I will rest,” Castiel says as if he is making a concession, but in all honesty, he is exhausted. The past days have been emotionally taxing on top of his weakened physical condition, and so he closes his eyes contentedly. It doesn’t take very long before Dean notices Cas’s breathing slow and even out into the deep respirations that accompany sleep. He lets out a long breath himself, relaxing into the bed and focusing only on Castiel’s sleeping form, still dressed in the oversized sweatshirt, resting safely in the circle of his arms. It feels good, holding someone, and Dean’s mind travels back to a time when he had no idea what was in store for Cas and him, how their stories would intertwine. Then, Cas, with no need for sleep, had suggested that he would “watch over” him and Sam as they slept, to which Dean, of course, replied, “
“Me too.”
“And it sounds like Sammy’s doin’ alright, so, I feel pretty good.”
“I’m stuck in here, and he’s out there alone, and I can’t protect him.
“Easy, tiger!” she laughs, “you know I’m only kidding! That’s great, Dean. I’m glad you’ve found someone you want to spend more than one night with. Benny’s gonna be crushed, though, when he finds out he had a shot all this time!”
“Don’t worry, Cas, I’m going home with
, both by Led Zeppelin, so he starts with the two albums those are on, deciding to add
“Really? You wouldn’t mind?”
"No," Sam says, sounding worried. "What has he been saying?"
“Cas!” Dean says as he tries to shake his friend awake, but Castiel is still shaking and murmuring unintelligible things. Dean puts a hand on the side of Cas’s head; his hair is drenched in sweat even though the temperature had dropped into the thirties. “Fuck,” Dean mutters as he realizes how cold it’s gotten, his breath visible like smoke in the air. Castiel is trembling, Dean isn’t sure whether from fear or cold, but likely from a combination of both. Dean starts up the car, grateful it even starts in this cold, and hoping it’ll warm up quick, then he climbs rather clumsily over the seat back, tumbling into the backseat with Cas.
“What?” Cas half groans as he stands.
The love and hurt and joy and sorrow?” Dean clears his throat.
“Yeah, sure,” Cas sniffs, trying not to let his heart race too quickly.
“The usual,” Pam says. She’s always charged Dean an exceptionally low rate, basically just reimbursement for supplies.
“But I did, and now I gotta know what happened. Please, Cas.” Dean reaches out, gently pulling one of Cas’s hands down from his face. “Cas, look at me,” he says. “My dad has beaten the shit out of me countless times, but my back has
"I guess that makes two of us," Dean says then, kissing Cas again. " 'M glad it did though," Dean adds in case there was any doubt about that in Castiel's mind. Cas smiles again broadly at Dean, and goddammit if Dean doesnt feel butterflies in his damn stomach.
“Okay, but I don’t want anyone crying to me when a nurse walks in on him after he’s discovered you can watch porn on these things,” Dean says, waving the phone at Sam.
“Yeah,” Dean says.
“Good. And who is Dean?” Leah asks as she types, and Castiel suddenly realizes that he has been using Dean’s real name this whole time. He panics and attempts to backpedal, but Dean steps in.
fault.
“Is kissing permissible?” Castiel asks seriously, and Dean has to laugh.
“Yeah man, of course,” Dean replies. “You okay?” Cas nods, withdrawing from Dean slowly. But Dean can see the fear lingering in those blue eyes and, without being asked, crawls into bed beside him. This time he is under the blankets, and he can’t deny the warmth is goddamn pleasant. Cas takes his hand before once again closing his eyes. Cas’s breathes come slower and deeper as he drifts back to sleep, but Dean can’t seem to shut his mind off.
"I didn't wanna just call and start crying immediately," Cas says softly.
“I thought you were going to die,” Sammy chokes, breaking into tears again at his brother’s side.
"You're different," Cas struggles to explain, " ... in a good way."
“I’m not sure I understand your meaning,” Cas says, tilting his head a little.
“Wow. Tall order, Cas, but I’ll see what I can do,” Dean says with a crooked grin. Slowly, Cas climbs off of Dean’s lap, and Dean stands, kicking the rest of his clothing aside. He takes Cas by the hand then, leads him to the bed and kisses him long and hard before giving him a playful shove backward onto the ridiculous pile of decorative hotel pillows. Cas lays there for a moment, gazing up at Dean, taking slow, deep breaths.
Cas deserves better than some high school dropout without a real job. Just look what Dean has done to him already! Cas is miserable, and it’s all Dean’s fault.
"Hold on, Cas," Dean mutters under his breath as his eyes flash up to the rearview mirror. His mind races as he drives, scrambling to organize the lies he knows he's about to tell. There are many reasons Dean and Sam avoid hospitals, but a big reason is the barrage of inevitable questions that are posed the moment a person steps through the front doors. This time, however, Dean is out of options. When the usual solution to a medical emergency is "ask Cas to fix it," you're fucked when it's Cas who needs fixing. Dean likens it to attempting to use the microwave when the electric stove won't work during a power outage.
“Ruby, you want pizza?” Dean calls from the kitchen. She answers enthusiastically, and Dean can’t help but smirk at Sam when she chooses a “meat lover’s” slice.
“Goddamn, Cas,” Dean utters almost to himself.
talked about hooking up with chicks, so he was probably just trying to be nice.
"He... he's worried," Cas murmurs, "I just wanted to help." Suddenly there are tears in his eyes that he can't keep from falling.
“Whatever,” Sam says, shaking his head and pulling out onto the road.
“Good,” Dean replies and hands him a toothbrush. Together, they brush their teeth in front of the mirror, an oddly mundane ritual that almost makes it seem that they’ve always been like this, the two of them, comfortable together.
“Hey,
-Led Zeppelin
“Why does it matter?” Castiel asks quietly, deeply afraid of where this is going.
“I’m Dean,” he admits, and she nods her head.
“Are you… umm… should I not have asked that?” Dean straightens up then, swallowing hard and meeting Castiel’s concerned gaze.
“Yes, the natural beauty of the landscape is quite incredible,” Cas agrees. They walk across the highway, slowly so Castiel can keep up, and make their way past the Multnomah Falls Lodge, a beautiful stone and timber building completed in 1925. As they approach the base of the falls, the air becomes noticeably cooler. The breeze picks up, and the pair can feel a fine mist on their faces as it billows up from where the falls pounds against the rocks at its feet. Moss and ferns cling to the basalt cliff side surrounding the falls, watered continually by the cool spray. Cas closes his eyes gently, the mist, a pleasant sensation against his skin. Dean shades his eyes, squinting up at the spot where the falls first plunges from the cliff face, crashing into a pool about 550 feet below, before continuing the rest of its descent to the lower pool,eventually flowing out into the Columbia River.
“How’s this?” Dean asks, giving Cas another quick kiss.
.Despite Dean’s patience and prep, it is painful, and Dean can feel Cas tensing his muscles.
want you close, so fucking close. I want you, and I want to make this work. Just, please… please be patient with me. I’m so bad at all this. I always fuck things up; I’ve sabotaged every relationship I’ve been in, but I promise, I want to do better.” Dean reaches for Castiel’s hand. It’s still trembling.
“I don’t know,” Cas sniffs, “not that I can think of.” In a perfect world he would run away with Dean and never look back. Then again, in a perfect world he wouldn’t be in this situation in the first place. María sighs again, shaking her head.
"We gave him some Ativan to try and calm him down," Sara says as she slides the door open. Castiel's head snaps up at the sound. Relief washes over his face as his eyes land on Dean. Dean feels like his heart might explode as he tries to puzzle out the overwhelming emotion taking hold of him as he gazes at a living, breathing Cas.
“Dean, it’s okay, everything is going to be alright,” Cas assures him in a hushed tone and Dean almost laughs, knowing that Castiel is doing his best to comfort a fellow human in his new human form.
"I know. And this wasn't one stab wound, it was more like he'd been torn open."
Dean seems happy to have him here too, though his joking with Sam reminded Cas once more that Dean seems pretty into women. He fights against the sinking feeling it causes in his chest, reminding himself how lucky he is to have Dean in his life, even if they’re never more than merely friends.
?” Dean teases.
! That’s adorable!”
“You made it, Cas!” Dean speaks enthusiastically, patting him on the back vigorously. Cas simply smiles - a radiant smile that sends a jolt right through Dean’s chest.
“Great,” the waitress says, and leaves them to look over the menu.
Dean struggles, his body paralyzled by a force unknown to him. Figures come into view, their eyes gazing at him, taunting him from the depths of their inky blackness. He tries to scream, but can produce no sound as the figures draw nearer, laughing at his panicked state of mind.
“I know the feeling, and I could say the same to you,” Cas murmurs. “I’m really looking forward to seeing you again,” he adds softly.
“Uh, not many?” Dean hazards a guess.
“This is all your fault, you know! Dean tried to kill himself because of
“Well, I don’t really know what he looks like, but I’m sure it’s just like that,” Dean says with his mouth full, a habit that usually irritates Castiel, reminding him of his brother Gabe, but on Dean he thinks it’s rather endearing.
“Can he come with me?” Cas asks, taking matters quickly into his own hands.
After a while, he manages to tug a blanket down over himself. He can't stop shivering, and the shivering is excruciating. He tries to distract himself by thinking about anything else. He thinks about Dean. Dean, the kind boy with the pretty green eyes, the boy who had confided in him, had told him that he has been ''visited by demons" since he was a child. But Dean seems so
“Yeah, he’ll be okay. He’s just feelin’ sick because he’s out of his medication, but he’ll be okay,” Dean says it almost as much for himself as he does for Sam.
“You consider me a friend?” Cas sniffs, and Dean side-eyes him, pretty sure Cas is asking out of his own self-worth issues, but Dean’s self-worth issues always make him second guess these things.
“You, sure?” Dean asks, “you ready for me, baby?”
“Holy crap!” Cas says, “that’s impressive.”
What's that supposed to mean?" Dean asks somewhat defiantly.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, swallowing hard and staring at the floor.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas finally whispers, loosening his grip.
doesn’t want to fuck up with Cas again, ruin this day, how relaxed they’ve both been together. Dean takes a deep breath before gently, carefully extricating himself from Cas’s embrace.
“I feel pretty good,” Dean shrugs.
“Dean,” Castiel gasps quietly at first, grinding himself against Dean’s thigh through two layers of denim. Dean nips at his chest. “Ahh, oh god,” Cas moans, rather ironically, as Dean kisses his chest, tasting his sweat, licking, sucking on a hard nipple. Cas’s moans are becoming louder, more forceful as he thrashes beneath Dean’s lips and tongue and teeth, grinding harder against Dean’s leg. Dean can feel it, Castiel wantonly rolling his hips, pressing his erection forcefully against his thigh, but something is keeping him from taking Cas in hand, keeping him from giving Cas what he wants. Dean curses himself for his fear, for the anxiety that is staying his hand, squeezing his eyes shut against true happiness.
“So, you’re not really a dude?” Dean asks without thinking.
“Goddamnit, Sam, not cool!” Dean shouts, prying himself from Cas’s grip, “you delete that this second, or I swear to god, I will fucking
“Yeah, something to eat sounds good,” Cas replies, “thank you.”
Probably just fucking with him; kids are
Dean sprints to the kitchen, rummaging through the pantry till he finds what he’s looking for: salt. But he needs more than that. He runs to the garage, cursing when the first can of spraypaint he shakes reveals itself to be empty. Finally, he finds one that sounds partially full and races with it back to his bedroom.
“Dean, if you need anything else, please, don’t hesitate to call,” she says, wrapping him in a firm embrace, adding quietly, “take care of yourself. If you feel like you’re in trouble, please ask for help.”
“Sorry, my bad,” Dean says with a shrug.
“I have to admit, after seeing your place, I’m sorta embarrassed about bringing you here. Our place is nothing fancy. I just barely keep the rent paid.”
"Somehow I feel victimized as well," Cas replies in a monotone.
choice!" Sam laughs at Dean.
“Not bad, Cas, not bad at all...” he murmurs, and Cas almost laughs, but too quickly, Dean’s tongue is dragging up the underside of his cock, and he can’t hold another thought in his head.
“I’m assuming you’ve had your fill, whiskey-wise,” Dean says to Cas with a grin. “What would you suggest?” Dean asks the waitress. Cas decides he doesn’t like the way she looks at Dean when she responds, eyelashes batting.
“Figured this would be quicker,” Dean replies before wrenching open the passenger side door, and helping Cas slide onto the front seat.
Dean steps in calmly hoping he can undo the damage he's done by cooperating now.
Anyway, now Cas is curious. What is all the fuss about? Why are people so preoccupied with getting into one another’s pants (or one’s own if all else fails)? Hesitantly, he runs his fingers down his belly, over tender scars, and down between his legs. He closes his eyes gently as he wraps his fingers around himself like he’s seen others do. He starts gently, moving his hand up and down as he gets harder.
“Oh, Meg!” Castiel says, surprised, spinning around to face her. “You’re back from ‘time out.’  What did you do this time? Missouri wouldn’t tell me.”
“Do you believe in demons?” Cas asks hesitantly.
Castiel is left speechless, a look of terror on his face as Dean quickly exits the parking lot and gets on the highway headed out of town.
"Not sure exactly... Some foresty area outside Snoqualmie, Washington, but I'll leave right away."
“Want you, Dean,” Cas moans, opening his eyes and fixing them on Dean’s.
“Excellent!” Garth replies with a wide grin, “welcome!” Castiel freezes as Dean trudges into the room, looking like he’d rather be a million miles away. He takes an empty seat across from Castiel, slumping into the chair and staring at his hands, appearing to be painfully uncomfortable in his own skin.
“Thank you, Dean, that’s very thoughtful.”
“Fuck, yes, Dean,” Cas gasps as Dean moves his other hand lower, stroking Cas’s hole.
But Dean doesn’t slow down, only pauses long enough to say, “want you to shoot down my throat,” before swallowing around him again. And Cas does. He cries out as he twists his fingers in Dean’s hair, spasming, coming harder than he ever imagined he could. He’s left a shaking, sobbing mess, a mishmash of anxiety and bliss, equal parts ecstatic and embarrassed, and just unable to fully believe that this has happened.
“Cas, tell me what you’re thinking. What was your plan, leaving me a note and taking off like that?” Dean speaks quietly, sadly, knowing he’s to blame for this whole mess.
When they arrive at Dean’s house, Dean leads Castiel back to the bedroom.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, “tell me again that you love me?”
Dean is already awake when Missouri comes to wake him in the morning. He quickly dresses in some donated street clothes, and puts Cas’s drawings and ipod into the patient-belongings bag that Missouri hands him containing his wallet. Right on time, Missouri gets the call and leads him down a hallway where Bobby is waiting, looking rather out of place in the hospital wearing old overalls and a dirty ball cap.
“Well, do you feel comfortable? Have you spoken with any of the staff or other residents?”
So why can’t he just let himself have that? Dean runs his fingers lightly though Castiel’s hair again, smoothing it back from his face. Cas looks so peaceful, Dean hates that he needs to wake him.
“Go!” And Sam quickly exited the car and ran up the steps and into the house. Dean could hardly breathe. John got out of the car. “Follow me.” It’s the first he’d spoken to Dean since they were reunited. Trembling, Dean followed his father out behind an old shed, presumably so John could shout at him without Sammy seeing the whole scene.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “thanks, Missouri, really.”
"I don't feel right leaving him here. This happened because of me, Sam."
Dean speeds across town. Yeah, he’s worried about getting a ticket, but he’s more worried about Cas’s uncle getting there first. Also, he has to admit that driving again feels fucking fantastic. Before long, his GPS is leading him out of town into the wealthier suburbs, and not long after that, he’s turning onto a long, winding driveway, complete with a gate. Luckily, Cas had given him the code. His jaw drops a little as the palatial mansion that Cas’s family calls home comes into view.
“Uh, Cas,” Dean says with a sigh, “can we hold off on telling Sam about us, at least for a while?” When he looks up at Castiel, he nods, but Dean can see hurt in the man’s eyes. “No, it’s not like that,” Dean says quickly, “Cas, it’s not what you’re thinking.” But Cas doesn’t look reassured. Inside, Castiel fears that as soon as Sam is back, Dean is going to revert to the way things were before.
This evening, Dean quietly says goodbye to Cas.
“Yeah,” he says, “it was basically just the one thing. Him making me use my mouth on him... to, you know....”
“Dean?” A soft voice reaches his ears in time to save him from complete collapse.
Cas tells him that actually, a shower does sound nice, and Dean shows him where the towels are and how to get the quirky shower to put out water that is somehow warmer than Arctic but cooler than magma.
“Don’t think you need to,” Cas moans, strung out on Dean’s lips and fingers. Dean breathes heavily as he strokes himself, slicking himself with lube.
“Spending so much time here. Doesn’t Sam have a lead on a new job or something?” Dean can’t believe his ears.
"Uh, yeah," he stammers, "why?"
“Sounds like a plan,” Dean says, grinning and leaning down once more to give Cas a lingering kiss goodbye.
“Yeah, almost. One year younger.”
“Yes, Dean,
“Much more than okay,” Cas utters, and Dean’s lips quirk into a smile.
“Shh, yes, you can, angel. Slow down. Take a deep breath with me.” Eventually, he does.
"Like I said, I have never seen anything like this," the doctor replies calmly, "and I must stress how dangerous a temperature this high is. If you do not have transportation, we can arrange it for you, but I strongly believe that you must be seen at the hospital," she says looking at Castiel. Dean can see panic in Cas's eyes.
Dean has chosen a restaurant he saw on a list in the hotel room. It specializes in seafood, of course, like every other place in town, but this place is also known for steak.
“I don’t know, honestly. I’ve only really spoken with Sam.”
“That’s so cool,” Cas declares. “My parents always talk about devil worshippers and stuff, but I never truly believed there was anyone out there doing rituals in cemeteries.”
“Come to bed?” Cas mumbles, eyes remaining closed.
“Oh Cas,” Dean groans. He’s not sure he can last much longer. “Oh fuck… you gonna come for me baby?”
"You're welcome. I just hope Gabe can help," Castiel replies softly. "I wish I could do more."
"Tell me about Dean," Zachariah says next, which feels to Cas like a punch to the gut. His eyes go wide, head snapping up to meet his uncle's gaze.
“Yeah?” Dean huffs a gentle laugh, “and how was it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You seem upset,” Castiel states matter-of-factly. “I’ll add you too, Dean.”
In the shower, Castiel quickly washes himself, missing the feeling of Dean’s fingers in his hair, the way Dean would wash his body so gently. He finds himself aroused already, but decides not to “take care of it,” instead, waiting for Dean to return. His mind then travels to Sam, and he can feel his anxiety stirring. He isn’t looking forward to Sam’s return, having to keep his distance from Dean in Sam’s presence. He hopes that Dean reveals their relationship to Sam soon, because he also worries that he will make a mistake before Dean gets the chance. And then, when Dean finally
"Thank you."
“Shit, Cas,” Dean whispers urgently as he slides into the driver’s seat, “are you really sure this is what you want? You wanna give up all this, to run off with a nobody like me?” Dean’s gaze is so earnest it breaks Cas’s heart a little.
"Awesome!" Dean says with a wide grin, closely examining the top sheet, the finished portrait of Robert Plant. "This is fucking amazing!" Cas blushes furiously at the praise. When Dean looks at the next page, he is struck silent. His own eyes gaze up from the page at him, and he feels like he can't catch his breath. It's like a mirror, only this reflection isn't staring back at him with self-loathing. It's like Cas drew the side of him that isn't a piece of shit failure, that doesn't drink himself to sleep most nights and cut himself until blood is running up his forearm, pooling in the crook of his elbow.
“How do you deal with it all?” Castiel asks instead. “All the
"Wait!" Castiel says softly, "that's not what I think." Dean stares at him for a moment with a look of surprise on his face. "I'm sorry. I'm not good with words sometimes, but I don't think you're a 'psycho.'" Dean slumps back down on the bed beside him. this time, close enough their knees are touching. Dean gives no indication that he objects to the contact, so Cas doesn't let go of his arm either."
After saying goodnight to Sam, Dean tentatively asks if he can call Cas. Missouri eyes him hard for a moment before answering.
“Singer Salvage,” a gruff voice answers.
“What?” Sam asks, rubbing his arm, “it’s true! You guys owe me
“Mmhmm,” Cas sighs, “first time being truly homeless...” but Cas has a slight smile on his lips as he continues running his fingers through Dean’s hair before ducking in for another kiss.
“Uh, what can I do with it? I don’t need to call anyone.”
Cas trudges into the bathroom, turning on the shower and pulling off his clothes. As soon as the water is warm, he steps under the stream, immediately taking his dick in his hand. He closes his eyes, taking pleasure in the warm water running down his body. He strokes himself, gradually increasing the speed and pressure, and suddenly he’s thinking about Dean. And he can’t push Dean out of his head. The weight of Dean’s body on top of his own. The brush of Dean’s lips against his skin. Dean’s hand on his dick, replacing his own, and then his mouth. Dean’s mouth on his dick, swallowing around him, sucking him off, Dean wanting it as much as Cas does. And Cas is coming hard, almost dizzy, gasping, swallowing the moan threatening to escape his throat. And as the waves of pleasure dissipate, the emptiness washes over him in its place, and Castiel feels the ache in his chest returning as he thinks about how disgusted Dean would be with him if he knew what he’d just done. It hurts, wanting something so badly it feels like life is meaningless without it, and Castiel breaks down again.
"Well, you're somethin' else," Dean answers almost to himself.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says lazily, raising a hand in greeting.
By the last blow, Zachariah has exhausted himself, sweating through his dress shirt, pathetically out of breath. Castiel doesn't move. He waits for instructions, hoping that his "lesson" has come to an end.
“Dean,
"What're you tryin' to say?" Dean asks almost as if he's hoping for a specific answer.
