‘EXPERIMENT???????????’
Molly peers at Mycroft's tie ‘Very close to that one Mycroft is wearing right now’
‘Not yet.’
‘Ah.’
John stutters, ‘Quite… yes.’
John stares at the news, concerned.
“Did you call Lestrade?”
‘Grant, what do you take?’
‘Nope’
Afterwards, John can hear thick footsteps heading to the bathroom.
“Y-yess...he...he’s in hospital.”
The doorbell sings.
Sherlock has his eyes closed, his mouth half-open in pleasure ‘stop-ahh’ he whispers.
Sherlock and John stare at each other, not saying a word.
‘Don’t go to hospital!’
"Are you telling me that I'm a superhero?"
Lestrade taps at the computer ‘I’ll let you know when I’ll find something.’
‘Thank you Mary’ Sherlock smiles at her.
‘So, what?’
‘I don’t limp, I’m fine.’
Victor frowns, surprised and worried ‘No, I.. I didn’t know anything. I saw him after the class about four days ago, he wanted some explanations about the book and I told him to meet this week, but he didn’t show up and didn’t send me any email to fix a day...are you sure he isn’t somewhere else,...didn’t he say you anything?’
FROM : SH
Sarah screams and cries, head down, long hair covering her face full of tears: “I don’t know!! I don’t know!! Leave me!!! please...."
"When I picked her up." Sherlock said and sighed, "I'm actually pretty sure that, if she'd give them a chance to actually like her for who she is, they would."
"Of course I won't stop looking for her. Never." Sherlock said and closed his eyes, "It's just... she's all alone in a different time for god's sake." he said and ran a hand through his dirty hair, frowning a little, before he took up the soap again and sat up, dipping his head into the ice cold water, quickly rubbing it off with the soap, before he rinsed it out in the spring as well grimacing at both, how cold the water was and how much dirt and other things came out of it. "I even checked fox holes." he said with a roll of his eyes.. and I drew little bees on little pieces of paper and pinned them on her height to trees, leading several ways out of the forest and into the town with those markings." he said and shrugged, "I thought that maybe.. if she got lost in the forest and we simply missed each other, she'd find her way out."
Sherlock smiled, leaning over and kissing John's head, before he went back to cooking being interrupted when a sleepy Ally walked into the kitchen, "I'm not tired anymore can I help cooking?" she asked and looked at the glass. "Ew.. tomato juice!" she said and scrunched up her nose. "That's icky! Mummy drinks tomato juice too all the time because she says its really healthy but I think it's icky!" she babbled and Sherlock smiled, tomato juice seemed like a good excuse when you had to hide it from a 2 year old, so he was just going with that. "Yeah.. but mummy is right, it is very healthy." he said and chuckled, lifting Ally up on his arm. "You know what you can do, you can help me pick what kind of noodles we'll cook." he said, walking over to the cupboard with her.
"Already looking forward to that then." Charlie smiled and followed Sherlock upstairs, wondering if he'd remembered her favourite colour. "Are we going to Ikea for that?" She asked, only having seen it from the outside.
"Forgotten in a nightstand drawer." John added, before giving Sherlock a look. "Why did you put it there in the first place?" He couldn't think of a single situation where that made any kind of sense.
Sherlock hummed against John's lips, moving his arms around his fiancé and pulling him closer, "Do you charge kissing separately?" he teased as they finally broke apart, smirking at John.
The next morning, John was glad to be awoken only by the thin ray of sunlight that was shining through the curtains right onto his face and nothing else. He didn't have any classes today which was a very welcome change. After about a minute of just lying there and feeling his boyfriend next to him (who was probably already/still awake), he opened his eyes with a tired smile. "Morning"
Sherlock glanced at John with a raised brow, smirking at him, "Any particular one you have in mind?" he asked and chuckled, having an idea what John was thinking of.
"I'm not tired at all.." Amy protested sullenly, before asking hopefully. "But you promise we'll go out all together?"
William nodded and felt just a little uncomfortable around that boy, though he was still less awkward company than the other two in his room, "So what can you tell me about Gavin and Michael?" he asked curiously.
The rest of their afternoon was (quite unsurprisingly) spent in the zoo. Because of the girls' different interests they went to see almost all of the animals, though they spent a lot of time with the fish, tigers and elephants as well as the goats in the petting area. Their stay there was almost without any major incidents (Amy got lost for approximately fifteen terrifying seconds) and they almost didn't notice how quickly dusk began to set in. Still well in time, they found themselves happy and a little tired back in the car. Vanessa just closed the backs eat door and helped the red-nosed girls into their seats. "So, what are your thoughts on the zoo?"
"Yes, I should think so." Violet said with a chuckle. "I'm so happy for him. He's been missing his father a lot over the years..." The trained psychiatrist gave a sigh. "How about we clean up a little so we can sit down on the couch?" She asked, gesturing with a smile towards the toddler bed John had made.
"You've completely worked this out, haven't you?" John chuckled, though he felt a small peng of guilt at not having thought of the girls there. Though, he didn't allow it to last long, now on their date. "This is perfect, Sher." He chuckled.
"What about a kiss?" Sherlock asked, smiling at John as he pulled back a a little to look at him.
"Right..." Sherlock said and bit his lip, "Just if you're 100% sure though." he said and chuckled nervously, "I'll probably check a few times more on the way, just so you know."
John shook his head and sat up as well. "It's fine. I'll just pop over to the bakery down the street really quickly; that'll do for now. How about croissants? I'm feeling fancy today."
"We've got something in common then." Viktor said and returned the smile. "And I don't regret it. In the end, what's left of us are our greater values, so I don't know what else I should stand up for if not those."
"You know this whole Harry-Clara debacle happened during my teens, so you can imagine I thought I had a pretty good grasp of his view on being gay." John sighed. "Remember mum's birthday? I was very surprised how well that had gone, not how uptight dad had been... Mum actually talked about that to me while you were in the kitchen.”
Harry nodded, instinctively taking on her father's attitude and only now Sherlock realised that he was the only one crying there, which just made him feel worse. Almost unworthy of being a part of this family, which made him forcefully try to hold back any more tears that wanted to roll out. It worked because suddenly, he had John's voice in his head, what he'd say if he was there, "Sherlock.. Sherlock it's alright, I'm here with you..". His voice was clear in his head as if he was right next to him. So clear that he was for a moment worried he might be going insane now, but if that meant he'd have John still talking to him.. he'd embrace it.
John smiled at that, before turning around slightly, when Mrs. Turner came to their table to set down pot of spaghetti Bologna as well as a smaller one for the 'allergics' on their table. "So, there you go children. Well, I say 'children'." She chuckled and turned to look at the two young men sitting there.
John had to chuckle at that. "I'll have a camera ready to try and capture the moment she realises." He said with a smirk. "Meanwhile Charlie slipped out of her street clothes and into the slightly too large dress, managing to zip it up by herself and doing a few turns in front of the mirror inside the changing room, before stepping outside.
For the next presentations, it was much of the same. The people flocked to him and John welcomed their presence. He listened to their stories and shared a few of his own. At the end of the day, he would lie down contented until the bittersweet realisation that meeting the people was one of only two parts of his life that brought him any sort of joy.
“Your highness, shall we track them both?”
: Sherlock could smell rotting flesh. The place reeked of death; based on what was in store for himself that didn’t seem too surprising. This ‘Zoo’ must have seen countless loss of life; not all human but animal too.
, directed by Rob Reiner
“Get used to disappointment.” He spoke, “But, please know I hold you in the highest regards.”
“Which leaves the other twenty to me, plus Count Magnussen… that’s… not an ideal balance.” She sighed, frustrated, “
“I’m beginning to think that we aren’t meant to get out of here alive.” John mused softly, helping him sit up, brushing sand out of his hair.
. It was clear from the moment they had rode off from the Fire Swamp that this unpleasantness would come back to bother them - however, he had expected it to crop up at the last chance. It felt more in John’s nature to fight it till the last moment.
“Unfortunately not.”
The Man snorted, “Till they kill you, yes.” His eyes held an enthusiastic gleam at the idea.
“No, that’s how the story goes Rosie, but it’s okay beca-” Molly wasn’t able to get another word out as Rosie cried out an resounding denial.
The Captain hesitated, rubbing a hand over his heart. “...No.”
“Well, have a good night then Sherlock, try to get some sleep.”
“Because your highness, I was always taught that marriage involves love and that is not an area I like treading. Especially, as you said, we hardly know one another.”
“And this time, keep him away from anything he could free himself with.” She snipped to Hope, who dismissed her comments.
John shook his head, going through his cupboard for clean linens. “No, it wouldn't have happened if you hadn't fought me on the ladder like I warned. That gash isn't pleasant but it's essentially harmless, but you risk concussion. Stop fussing now, and let me clean that up.”
“Why? What’s going on? Where’s Hope?”
“Yeah well, all things considered, can't complain much. Least I got my health.” Prince John smirked darkly.
“Well, perhaps I should before it leads to further impertinent actions on my part.” John tried to keep his voice level, but Sherlock had that look in his eye again. The one from last night and he felt his humiliation all over again.
“Twelve years ago. After Kate died, there was nothing holding me to that town so I took the sword and went around the world. Training with anyone who would teach me; practicing for the day in which I would meet the man again.” Irene’s voice took a cool edge, “So when next we meet, I will not lose. I will look him in the eye and telling (?)  him:
Lestrade couldn't remember the last time he has been bested. It had to have been back when he was much younger; learning how to fight in the wrestling pits around Europe. When he had started fighting, it had been for the fortune of others. The audience had viewed a boy of his might and strength a monster, booing him and throwing things at him as he won match after match.
The Man in Black spoke, abruptly dropping his hand. Steel coating over his eyes once more. “As I said, you are a labourer. No matter what member of the royal family has taken their fancy with you. Your promise means nothing.”
“I'm asking you to accept.”
“It's the knowledge that gives me the strength to go.”
“The ship! Look see?!”
Sherlock was locked in a death grip with the rodent, any strike he made towards the creature risked hurting him.
“I just don't understand how?” Molly explained, emerging from the bathroom with a bottle of calamine lotion.
“I hope to never give you need to. Now get off me, it’s going to get crushed otherwise.”
“Not that we need you entirely.” Adler piped up, placing a hand on Hope's shoulder. “You know as a soldier, I thought you would have taken better bearings of yourself.” John’s eye locked on her hand, resting on Hope's left shoulder where just below it he saw something shine in the moonlight. His heart dropped as he reached for his chest and felt only fabric where the brooch usually rested. John’s blood went cold.
“I didn’t mean to be gone for so long; John you must believe me- things were beyond my control. Yet, I hope this proves something very important to you.” Sherlock’s voice was serious, prompting John to meet his unwavering gaze.
“You say that a lot, did you know?”
“Obviously.” John smirked to himself.
Decadent hunting boots retreaded the lingering foot prints and scuff marks along the rocky ground. Had he not been the Prince or have proven how his judgment in such things was to be unquestioned, perhaps his procession may have sniggered at the sight of him having an imaginary duel with an invisible foe.
“Scream? Wha-”
John couldn't help but share the same thoughts.
A sigh of genuine disappointment fell from the lips of the Prince; “Oh Charles, you know how much I
Two years passed, and even though they were to be married and spent significant portions of the day together  (training and preparing John for the same duties James had studied for a lifetime, very daunting to say the least ), the two were still no more than friendly acquaintances. Prince James hardly seemed to notice, or if he did he really didn't care much. They didn't have much in common in terms of interest, and John didn’t feel up to following him around on his mystery experiments. It would make him think of Sherlock too much; and thinking of Sherlock was not something he let himself do.  Fortunately for him, his days were stacked to the brim with tasks and lessons to the point where there was very little daylight available to think on such thoughts. It was only at night, in his suite overlooking the barracks in which he had once slept that John’s mind dared to wander.
John was bewildered. “I thought he was dead! That’s not fair.”
“Farm boy?”
Dimmock pushed Moran aside, casting his snickering face from view as he reached for his own blade. “I shall not ask again nicely, move or we shall force you too! Oi, you lot! Give me a hand, you useless clots!”  The Chief motioned towards the Brutes that stood by, eyeing the rather large one with grey hair in particular. “You leave me no choice!”
Sherlock scoffed. “Nonsense. Watson has never been an intrusion. Sometimes she's better company than you.” he said, a teasing wink to Rosie who smirked. “And I have grown accustomed to your presence, so I believe we will manage just fine John… besides, Mrs Hudson already caught sight of you and she’ll never hear the end of it if I let you go like this.”
Sherlock paused, reaching for the crop that John was holding out for him as if he had been caught doing something.
There was no denying the puppy dog eyes of Rosie Watson, everyone in the room knew it. In resignation, she glanced around the room again. “Where is he going to sit? Greg, if he is joining us.”
“Shit… sorry Greg…”
Lestrade smirked. “I told you. It's
“Ze french woman, I presume?”
Molly laughed, a bit relieved if being spared the
The Prince was intelligent. He was cunning and clever. He could be charming, but the people didn’t love him like they loved his father. This would be a problem should those promises of war be made good. Nobody would want to follow him into battle.
“Nobody to be bothered with.”
“Because you wouldn’t ask me to marry you just to kill me.”
Dropping the crates in hand, he moved closer. Listening to the Six-Fingered Man’s speech, upon approach realising that he wasn’t speaking to the crowd per say, but rather a scrawny nervous but proud fella in the royal crest. Another important looking guy, one who seemed to be the leader of the rabble. The Six-Fingered Man gave a slight brush off before marching back into the castle, Lestrade was tempted to march after him right then and there. Crush him for the Woman herself, in her honour. Yet the Second Man had called for attention in a voice that sounded much bigger than his body looked.
Murdered.
But that wasn’t Sherlock’s nature. He may not have his genius, but John was exceptionally gifted when it came to knowledge about Sherlock Holmes. John would marry, Sherlock would watch the festivities from afar and then sail away from his crew. He would barricade himself back up, focus on his
“It's different, that's my dad and Sherlock! It's embarrassing!” Rosie lamented
He continued, "Then Rosamund explained to me that it was the name that inspired the fear, it was the myth and the legend. Nobody would surrender to the Dread Pirate Sherlock, they’d laugh themselves to death. So after I accepted, we made for port and took on an entirely new crew. Rosamund, serving as my first mate under the name Mary, all the time calling
“Do whatever you want. Just get it done.” Hope relented, a satisfied grin on her lips as he turned to Lestrade. “Let's go.”
, John pleaded internally,
Prince James studied the ground, oh it was all so obvious, yet none of his men could see it.
I didn't expect to finish this one so soon, but it wasn't a very long one so that made it easier. I don't know if the next Chapter will be done before the I am off for a few days for family events, but I shall certainly try.
. He thought to himself, but all he could form was a strangled sound before falling silent.
Together they were perfectly balanced, had they been on the same side the two fighters would have been unstoppable. Instead, the two moved against each other. Hearts pounding and sweat dripping from their brows; trying their best to out move the other - yet both not wanting the adrenaline rush of their dance to end. Irene swept at his feet with her own, staggering him slightly but blocking the blade that came to pierce him. It was exhilarating. The Man in Black returned the gleeful smile she wore on her face, yet a voice in the back of her head began to whisper.
“As I told you, it would be absolutely, totally, and in all other ways, inconceivable. No one in Gilder knows what we've done, and no one in Florin could've gotten here so fast.” Hope admonished, pausing slightly before a quiver of doubt crept into his voice. “ But out of curiosity, why do you ask?”
“Rosie has a rule.” Molly explained, a humourous look passing between herself and the patient.  “Now, if I may without further interruption...”
“Rosie?”
“Why didn't you wait for me?” The question threw him off guard; John blinked as he realised that Sherlock was looking at him with razor sharp focus. For the first time since their reunion, his face was unguarded - such as it was the night he arrived to John’s hut before leaving. Much as it had been the night John had taken care of his concussion after falling off the roof of the barn.
“I am.” John looked up into the sectoral eyes of Sherlock Holmes, he looked older - aged by the ordeals that he carried in his stature. His skin was more tanned, laboring under the sun as a likely culprit based on the deduction the man had made earlier - although, in retrospect, it was less a deduction and more a recollection. Sherlock had already known all of this.
His words felt worse than any weapon, and he had once served in the king's army. How dare he? How dare this venomous creature dare to make such accusations about him? If any lingering of his initial comparison to Sherlock remained, it vanished that moment. This was no man; he was a monster. Exhaustion be damned, Prince John rose to his feet, arms bound but that did nothing to stifle how threatening he appeared. He grit his teeth as he made The Man in Black meet his gaze with pure fury. “Shut up. Just shut up! You don't know a damned thing about me.”
“Inconceivable!"
John didn't answer, not wanting to admit that he was likely correct. Only paying him any mind when he tossed the bind aside and began examining his wrists. Massaging the area around the veins to assist with restoring proper blood flow; from where he sat John could tell that no long term damage had been done and it seemed that the pirate agreed. Why did the pirate care if his hands were alright? Perhaps it was to ensure he got to demand his full value from his King. Not lose any gold over any damages he might have received.
He gave her an absurd look through his mask. “Is that how you typically greet people?”
"Yeah, that sounds great." Charlie smiled, before looking over at Rosie. "What do you think? Ready for your first big sleepover party?"
Sherlock laughed at that, shaking his head, "You know exactly what that means, Ms Marple." he said and smirked at Charlie.
Sherlock chuckled at that, using the closeness for a peck on John's lips, moving his arm around his waist, "Well.. they didn't really have many clothes to start with and I think they're reusing clothes, especially for the little ones, which is resourceful, no doubt, but I thought they should have.. more." he replied and chuckled a little, "I admit that I might have gone overboard, but on the other hand, when they've grown out of the clothes, they can give them to the orphanage. And I totally did not think of that argument on the drive home already because I anticipated you'd think it's too much." he said with a smirk.
"Thanks, Sonny." Amber smiled at her younger sister, before looking back at Sherlock. "Yeah, that would be cool. I've never played with a violinist before. What genre are you into?"
"You better hang on to what Sherlock is saying. He's got some experience." "Yeah, I'll make sure I will." John said after a moment; though, of course he was going to talk to Sherlock about this more.
Precisely two minutes later, John sneaked out onto the aisle, avoiding eye contact with a woman that was now standing up and walking to the toilet. "So far I love this holiday" John murmured into Sherlock's ear once he was back on his seat.
"So, like, you had your house and shed and if you didn't have a whole library on top of that you were considered poor? I live in the wrong social class of the wrong century..." Charlie said and shook her head. "Yeah, of course I have! Sense and Sensibility, Emma and Northanger Abbey." Charlie remembered with a smile.
"You're welcome, I love you too." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "So.. can I have my present now? Because I'm dying of curiosity at this point." he said with a chuckle.
John smiled back a bit, still trying to push Victor's impending decision out of his mind. "I love you too." He said after a moment and followed him into the woods. "And I'd still kiss you even if you'd stumbled into thorn bush, so don't worry about that." He said with a bit of a smile.
"Wow, that is very impressive." Viktor said with a chuckle, already quite curious to meet this young man. "My niece is a teacher too, though, she's a bit older than you. She just completed her training six years ago." He said, unable not to look proud. "What got you interested in the job?"
Charlie had been reading a book up until now, but looked up when she heard someone knock on her door. God, hopefully it wasn't Sally looking for trouble again.. "Yeah, come in!" She called and set the book down on her chest to see who it was.
Sherlock chuckled, "Should I carry something?" he asked, glancing down at John's hand where he held the water and the bag, before he continued to kiss John, starting to walk them towards the bedroom again.
Sherlock grinned, "Well, it would have been a very good idea.." he said and smiled, really he felt like he had smiled more in the last two days than the last hundred years. "But I think it's a very good idea for you to move in right away so I get to spend more time with you either."
"Your fathers? How did that happen?" Ron asked as he took a bit of lettuce from Juan's bowl and crouched down to lift the little bugger up, before placing him on the table in front of their chairs and handing Charlie some of the lettuce so she could feed him. "I mean.. it's cool and all, very cool actually, wish my parents would be around my age, but.. I mean, I don't think you're the biological daughter of one of them, since they would have been around five or six when you were born." he said and chuckled a little.
"That's no excuse and you know it." Emma added to Richard's statement and Sherlock didn't really have anything to say, because, he did know it. "Erm, John, your parents are here." he called as they were nearly up the stairs, "The living room is a bit chaotic, I'm giving the girls ballet lessons and yeah, we had to push some stuff to the side." he said, not wanting them to think it was always like that.
"Cinema?" Sherlock asked with a smirk once the girls and his mother had left, "Is that what you call it now." he asked and chuckled, moving his arms back around John again.
"I still think that's the best way to be able to live together by the way." John said and shook his head. "You two really are a cute couple." Charlie chuckled. "But you already have nicknames for Rosie and me, so it'd only be fair for you to have ones too." She smirked before adding. "And 'love''s out apparently."
"Oh Gryffindor, definitely, I think my mum would disown me if I'd give any other answer to that question." Ron joked and shook his head, "Though.. while we're talking privately.. I do think I'm more of a Ravenclaw." he said and chuckled again.
"I'm good.. I'm just glad that she didn't hurt Charlie." Ron said, still holding the peas carefully against his nose, because Sherlock had been right, it did hurt. "Can I have a sheet of paper and a pencil? I think I can draw that girl, if that helps.. I've had her right in front of me for a few minutes."
"Well he didn't want a faggot under his roof, so he made up a story about indecent behaviour.." Sherlock said and shook his head, "Anyway, as I said before, my face was already swollen so I took the risk of further beating by telling the police about his curious tax calculating formulas." he said and chuckled, "He probably thought I was too afraid to spill the beans, but honestly, he should have known that I'd stab his back the moment he stabbed mine. I'm glad he actually did get locked away, that certainly made Carl and Scott's life easier."
"What? Yes! Of course I-" Charlie said quickly, because there was no way in hell she wanted them to send her back again. No, no, no, she didn't want to give them any reason to think differently. "Sorry, I was just being stupid. I'm tired and everything anyway, I should probably take a nap or something." She said and sat up straight to go up stairs.
"Well, I'm rich.." Sherlock said with a laugh, realising how that sounded, "Filthy rich, actually. And it's piling up because my brother and I made some good and early stock market decisions, so.. trust me when I say, it is reality for you and Rosie, okay? I mean, even if John and I won't adopt you, that doesn't mean we won't be there for you." he said with a smile.
"What dresses?" Sherlock asked with a frown, holding his hand to her forehead, definitely feverish. Pulling out his phone, he quickly shot John a text,
"More judo than boxing, but the points the same. I could probably teach them, that black belt's got to be good for something." Sherlock said and chuckled a little.
William glanced up at his doctor at that with a frown, not sure what he meant since he had pretty much explained his current state. "Exactly." he said and looked intently at his doctor, not sure what exactly his doctor was going at.
"You mean apart from discreet blood deliveries, pampering you and playing candy crush?" Sherlock asked and laughed, "No, not really. I did find an interesting show on French TV though.. Profilage, it's actually not that bad." he said and smirked.
"You bet I have." John teased with a chuckle, before giving Charlie a quick hug and turning to head for the shed. "Be careful." He told them, before leaving the two to themselves.
Sherlock gave a little smile, walking a little closer to his mother, while he shifted Ally to sit on his side so he could lift Amy up too, carefully lifting her out of his mother's arms, still a little surprised how quickly one learnt to hold two toddlers at the same time. "John is at home, it's just mummy, me and Mycroft today, sweeties," Sherlock said and Ally looked at Amy, "See I told you John isn't coming!" she said and smiled, happy that she was right.
Glad to finally come into their warm flat again, John opened the door to their flat and was immediately welcomed by the smell of food. It even kind of smelled like Shepherd's pie, he noted with a smile and closed the door quietly behind himself before spotting Rosie sitting in front of the couch. And a dog sleeping on her lap. Oh, no... Well; that explained the food. Come on, people.. "Hey Rosie" He said after two seconds of shock followed by reluctant resignation. "Who's your new friend?"
"Yeah, tell me about it." Charlie said and chuckled. "Weren't you one of those people who just popped up in front of the flat too? Dad said he thought you were a stalker."
"Okay, good." John said. He was genuinely glad that Sherlock used to have someone he could rely on like that; and if he'd help them find Rosie that was even better. "And what do we do in case we find, well, you? Your current self, I mean."
-------------------------------------
"Yes, that's not something we've seriously considered." David said with a shake of head. After all they'd only known of two vampires in the family up until now.
--------------------------------------------------------------
"It's not ours." Sherlock said with a chuckle, knowing exactly what John was on about. "It's Viktor's." he said as he got out plates and cutlery.
"You could've at least told them in advance you're bringing me along." Janine said, not looking much happier as she got into the elevator. While she was admittedly thrilled she got to meet some new vampire faces apart from those of her colleagues, the circumstances probably could've been a bit better. "Are you sure they won't mind me prancing into their flat without invitation?"
"How about we park in the small parking lot 200m from their house and avoid the question altogether? I know a first impression is important, but this feels like over-thinking it a little. I sincerely hope it won't make that big a difference; even if it's only subconscious." John said, before pausing and adding with a smirk. "And you'd make a great woman. So if you still want to dress up and ask your moustache-loving brother for a tank, suit yourself."
Sherlock smiled, "Of course we'll all go out!" he promised and Rosie grinned, "Like to a restaurant?" she asked and Sherlock nodded, "Yeah, have you ever been to a restaurant before?" he asked and Rosie shook her head, "No. But I'd really like to!" she said and smiled happily.
"Yeah.. it is." Sherlock said and sat down on the bed again, watching his hands, "Should we.. erm.. leave?" he asked and turned to look at John, "I mean.. unless you want to explore the house a bit more.. but if we want to make it to Cambridge to see Jane today as well, we should probably leave some time soon." he said matter of factly.
John stopped and looked up at Sherlock with a grin. "You, Sherlock, are mad and I love you. Just how serious are you being right now?"
"She has, yeah. Don't think he'd admit it, but she said he cried a bit." Sherlock said and for some reason he didn't feel like making fun of it. "He missed her more than I imagined, I guess.." he said with a frown.
"You can help me with those two here. I've got some sort of emergency with one of my patients, they're having a complete breakdown and I have to get there, but I can hardly take them with me." Vanessa said, already handing Ally over, "Mummy's got to work!" Ally exclaimed, grinning broadly at her cousin. "We can play now!" Amy added and chuckled as Vanessa set her down. "Really, I'll pay you, dear, just take them for an hour or two. They've got to have their nap in an hour anyway so you won't even notice they're here."
"Alright.." Rosie murmured but still didn't look happy about being interrupted like that, "Can we go home now? I want to see how Scout eats!" she said and held her hand out to Scout, giggling when he licked it.
"Yeah because that way they don't have to hurt other animals to scare them away!" Ally said and smiled.
"Yeah, we do." Sherlock said and smiled lightly, "Can I make a suggestion? It's probably a little odd, though." he said and chewed on his lip.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as John paid the cab, before he got out of the car himself, "So... What exactly do two-year-olds play with these days?" he asked and raised a brow, "I suppose toy theatres and penny plains aren't up to date anymore..." he said and looked at John, "Oh, penny plains were figures printed on paper with black ink, which you could colour and play with in your theatre. I actually had one of those."
"I'm sure he'll like shinier teeth." Viktor told her with a chuckle, before saying. "I'll be on my way then. I had a very nice evening." He said and John stepped towards the living room. "I'll just bring you to the door."
"Well.. yeah, I mean.. we don't have dog." Sherlock said with a small smile, "I didn't pack up all we got so you don't have to carry all of it, but it's should be enough to tide the both of you over until Saturday. Then you can take the rest." he said and grabbed the pack of teeth cleaning dog treats, "Oh and the credit for those goes to Rosie. She figured it's important for dogs to clean their teeth too." he said with a chuckle.
"Nice." Charlie commented and sat down on the edge of Rosie's bed. "We could get started on numbers too, if you want. I mean, now that we've got all day." Charlie said with a smile. Her girl friends were already thinking she wasn't feeling well anyway.
Charlie watched him with wide eyes as he unpacked... literally the whole drug store? "Spreadsheets?" Charlie asked dryly, unable to get a grasp on what Sherlock had done for her.
"Oh right. Sherlock gave me a fishing trip for the two of us and Richard." John said. "I haven't talked to him yet either, but if you'd like to do it, I'd call him today." John offered with a bit of a smile. David cleared his throat, a bit taken aback. "Yes, erm, that's a nice idea, I suppose. You can ask him if he'd be up for it."
Sherlock smiled, "No, the black dress is for the proposal. Obviously I'd go with white for the wedding." he said and chuckled again, "Wouldn't want to mess around with the tradition." he said with a bright grin. Knowing that John would have been ready to marry him then and there felt just really, really good.
John broke the kiss at that and opened his eyes, having completely forgotten about the other couple. And he immediately wished they were gone that instant. "Right. I knew there was something." Clara laughed a little as well. "Cousin dear, I had no idea red compliments your eyes that well."
Sherlock was a little surprised when John's father spoke to him - very politely at that. "Of course, sir." he said and pulled the tags over his head with his free hand, handing them over to John's father. "He served in world war II." he said, wondering why Mr Watson was suddenly so interested in his "grandfather" as he looked questioningly at John.
"I grew up in the regency era, obviously I'm a christian." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Protestant." he added with a roll of his eyes, "Not that anyone had much of a choice on that matter back then."
"Yeah, they kinda do, don't they?" Charlie chuckled, before picking her up once more so she could stand in the bathtub. "Let's get them nice and Rosie again." She joked, before turning on the water.
"Not really..." Sherlock said and bit his lip, "Did you already think about when you want to do it? I mean.. we should make sure you've got at the very least two or three days off after. You'll sleep for almost a whole day after that and you'll feel a little weak at first so going to work or uni isn't really the best idea then."
"It's not bribing, given that I've wanted to get a you a proper phone the moment I saw that yours is almost as ancient as I am." Sherlock said with a smirk, nudging Charlie's shoulder with his own. "Really, though. For now, I'd really like to be a good friend for you, if not your dad.." he said and despite his age, it felt a little weird to consider himself a dad.
"Yes, definitely." John chuckled and pecked his cheek. "I'm happy to just spend a day trying out the couch with you." He said, smirking a bit at him
Sherlock's lips curled up into a smile at that, "Well, I was born in a time where piracy slowly lost it's glamour.. honestly, just a meagre 100 years earlier and I probably wouldn't have only played a pirate captain, but as it was, piracy was at an end in the late 1800's.." he said with a soft sigh, he really would have loved to be a pirate. A proper one, not the kind that called themselves pirates these days.
"Already?" Rosie asked and shook her head, "That's a really long time!" she said and Sherlock smiled down at her, "You think so? Maybe if we keep visiting you, the time will pass faster, what do you think?" he asked and Rosie nodded, "Yeah I think that'll help." she smiled, putting another ornament onto the tree.
"Right, sure." John nodded and set Rosie down once she'd washed her hands, taking a baking tray and the dough over to a table so Rosie could reach it. "Okay Rosie, let's roll out the dough, yeah?" Meanwhile Charlie nodded and stepped next to Sherlock. "Okay, I yearn to learn." She said with a smirk and looked up to Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled as he walked out of the bathroom having a towel wrapped around his hips and rubbing at his hair with another one. "You're up.." he said and walked towards John, standing beside him at the window.
David chuckled and shook his head a bit. "It's a nice gesture. We haven't gone on a trip in a while, have we?" He said to John, who nodded. "Yeah; I'm already looking forward to it."
"Right... I've really been a bit distracted today." John huffed a laugh and as if on cue his stomach gave a rumble. "I guess the most practical thing about marriage'll be that we won't be able to accidentally starve ourselves."
"And you'd still be the prettiest and smartest girl I know." Ron said and smiled at her, "We even have tomato flavoured cake. It's a bit like carrot cake, just with tomatoes." he said and scrunched up his face, "I don't really like it, but maybe we can bring a piece for Rosie later. She seems pretty keen on tomato juice."
"Well just on coincidence really, John was just seeing that you're on the way home and then he was wondering why you don't come in." Sherlock said and sighed at her next question, "But yeah, she is. Oh and no, John's just went with her into our bedroom.. she wanted to sleep in our bed, so he's reading her a story."
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah, you're right.. I don't even have evidence to start with." he said and smiled up at John, "How was your day?" he asked, yawning a little.
"Matter of opinion. And I'd say compared to me, you're still a youngster." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Turned 243 this year."
"I'll go with water; I might want to cut back on my alcohol intake a little." John said with a chuckle, before taking his plate. "Thank you, love."
"Roughly, yeah." Sherlock said and smiled, "Should have seen them when they first met, I swear Mycroft looked exactly like Charlie when she met Lowell for the first time." he said and shook his head.
"Sure, you'll both need a school bag too at least for the time being." Sherlock said with a smile, "I want a handbag too!" Rosie said, looking at Charlie before looking at Sherlock, who got the impression that what she really wanted was to be like Charlie, she was really starting to become a role model for her.
"Is he really going to be that excited?" Janine said him with a snicker, before jokingly asking. "Okay, now are we talking granny fetish or history nerd here?" In that moment Clara came back with three red glasses and one even redder glass for herself in her hands as well as the rest of the bottle under her arm. "Here there we are" She smiled as she put everything down.
"No, please do. I'll see you in an hour in room 214." Greg said, before heading there himself to prepare his lesson. He'd have gone to Rosie himself, but she probably preferred Sherlock's company over his own right now. Meanwhile, Charlie had let herself into Rosie's room after she'd heard her crying. Now she was crouching next to Rosie's bed and stroking her shoulder, while she tried to comfort her. "Shhh, hey Rosie, it's okay. How about we two skive the boring classes today and I'll teach you some more letters instead?" She whispered softly.
Sherlock chuckled a little at the hug, "Well, I'll give your thanks to Santa.." he said and subtly nodded with his head towards Rosie, since she did still believe some of the presents were from Santa.
Sherlock let out a breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding when the door closed behind his father. "Jesus Christ.." he said and was actually trembling. "Don't worry, he'd like you if he'd properly get to know you." he mumbled, knowing that was the truth, but in that situation, his father had actually reacted rather mildly, given the time period they were in. And they were, weren't they? There was no other explanation for his father being here and the house looking like it was in constant use and.. the sight outside, where he had seen people in period fashion.
Oh good, my way. Thank you Vizzini. Which way's my way?
“John,” Sherlock explained with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. “I told you that there was nothing to worry about because Roberts is not whom I find myself attracted to. You see, The Dread Pirate Roberts was a woman.”
“What?” was he offering her mercy?
He spoke in hushed tones. “Dimmock, you have served your country, my father and my extension, myself nobly for many a year… and at this time of crisis, I can think of no one else I can trust more with this task.” Prince James’ voice was flowery with pretension and honour, not failing to notice at all how the man lapped it all up like one of his stepmother’s disgusting dogs. Pitiful really, ordinary people were so needy and simple.  However, none of this shone on his royal visage; beckoning for him to come to his side in a desperate plea. “I have heard word that killers from Guilder have infiltrated the woods, hiding among the other thieves and ruffians we normally are too busy to deal with… unfinished business involving my dear fiancé.”
Greg cocked an eyebrow, “And you had to all hide in here to hear it because…?”
“No… we don’t him… we need The Man in Black! Think, it’s perfect. He bested me for blade, you for strength, clearly he bested Hope for wits! If the Count has his captive somewhere, then we share a common enemy!
“Don’t tease.”
Molly took a breath, “I don't know hun, I don't want to take away from your rest.”
call me that.”
, he supposed,
“Oh! Now you have a sensitive heart, do you?! I WILL KILL HIM IF I MUST, but don't you forget this, don't ever forget this; when I met you, you were pissed off your arse and in trouble with a lot of powerful people. Anyone else woulda turned you in for a reward!” Hope shouted, leaving John to wonder what sort of trouble he meant. Adler didn't have a smart retort for this, so the man continued. “And YOU! Alone. Friendless. Everyone feared you! Do you want to be sent back to where you were? Hmm? Unemployed in Greenland?!” John felt Lestrade stiffen, showing that last bit had been for him. “Now put the man down, we are setting off now! OH - and I’d send our friend back into a sleep. His highness has been listening to us for a bit now.”
“Enough chatting, Adler. We have a war to start.”
John’s life had changed exponentially, in the span of five years he had gone from being a farm boy, to a man who loved and lost, to a solder, to a Captain of the Royal Guard, and now he was about to be introduced to the entire kingdom of Florin as the Prince Consort. It felt unreal, even as a butler (a personal butler, had Sherlock had a personal butler? How had he never asked him such a thing?) dressed him in finery for the ceremony. The look they were going for was regal, yet still military. Highlighting that he fought for the people, the people he was a part of.
John had been convinced by Rosie to sit with her, and he couldn't help but think of how surreal a sight it was to have he and his daughter spending a sick day in Sherlock’s bed. Not that Sherlock minded from what he could tell, he had even gone to the effort of getting Molly to help him drag his chair into the room to get himself comfortable.
“It doesn't matter. I'm doing it my way or you can fight him off with your tiny knife instead.”
“Sherlock…” he whispered without meaning to. Hoping his voice had been overshadowed by his experiment.
“I don’t think I was.” John answered, nothing accusatory to his words. “Living, that is.”
The Count turned the glass over in his hands, chuckling to himself in amusement of how the scene must have played out. Oh, if only he could have witnessed it.
he planned to make that very clear to Sherlock once they were out of the chase. John was a man of honour, he wasn’t going to vanish without a word.
“Fine, as you wish.”
I am also toying with the idea of a companion piece for this story when it's complete, but we shall see. If I go through with it, I will definitely put a proper announcement in an upcoming chapter.
The Prince looked cold, shaking his head at the news. “Damn. The old man had one use and he cannot even provide that. You know what this means, don’t you?”
He came back to find John engaged to another, chased him down, risking his life countless times to have John re-promise himself to him - only to turn around and leave him once more.
Jefferson Hope, a small man with big ideas and even bigger plans. Lestrade could remember still how he awkwardly shuffled around the kitchen to make tea in his small shack that he was much too large for; desperate for the company, even if it came from a stranger with beady and unnerving eyes.  For the first time in his life, Gregory Lestrade felt small. Jefferson went on to explain how he had seen him fight once (in what would eventually become Germany), winning against a gang of seven much older & more experienced fighters before doing something Lestrade had never heard before in his life: praise!
“I thought you were dead once Sherlock, and it almost destroyed me. I could not bear it if you died again, not when I could save you.”
“You’re alive.”
“It won’t. I promise.” Rosie countered, looking back at her dad with pleading look. “Look. I’ll be good. I swear. Molly? Please?”
moment. “Well why not? Don't you want your dad to be happy and have love?”
“Alright.” She answered, before adding with some bite. “But I am doing it my way.”
“Hmm? It's nothing. Ignore me.” John muttered, quickly busying himself with the saddles. Rubbing the polishing brush a bit too roughly as Sherlock set the crop down and walked over to him. His eyes curiously downcast towards him.
“I am waiting here, Hope. Jus’ like you said to. The plan was come back to the beginning, so I have come back. And I’ll wait here for you… at the beginning.”
The Count was thinking of this as he watched one of the King’s personal regiments train. Their captain, a sandy haired man who, according to his file, had enlisted three years ago and quickly rose through the ranks. He came from nothing, there was little to know about him. He seemed to be native to the village of Musgrave; having worked at the hall which meant he was already familiar with the lives of nobility before coming to the castle. He owned nothing, outside of a pin he wore under his armour. A gift, it seemed, from the family before he left.
It was the ‘please’ that caught my memory. I asked him what was so for him here…”
Whomever the Chief was expecting, it was not what sat before him. At her feet sat several empty wine bottles, in her hands the finest cutlass Dimmock had ever seen waved about in the air fluidly. She was slouched against the front step of shabby hut, but there was still an unmissable elegance even as she slurred loudly to the Brute Squad that was already attempting to get close without being cut.
. That's… okay. Good.”
“No I mean it, comparatively.”
“And I say, that you are an idiot… and you're welcome, by the way. I just saved your life!”
Roberts gave a curt nod and continued. His voice sounded far away, as if reliving the moment I'm his mind “He died well. That should please you. No bribe attempts or blubbering. He simply said ‘please’ …
“I'm sorry.”
The sounds of cheer and laughter faded as the horn salute began cascading in the air, drawing the attention of the onlooking crowd to the parapets where King James II now stood in all his regal glory. He didn’t need to see him to know it was true.
“I suppose we should get ourselves home though.” John mused just as someone entered the room behind them.
Lestrade scrunched his face in thought, “I had a rough idea, but like I said it got too dark and I lost him.”
For a moment, John thought his prayers had been answered. That Hope would agree with Lestrade and set them free. Perhaps Lestrade,
“I happen to agree with dear Greg.” Adler shot back, but John couldn't tell if she meant it or was just trying to further get a rise from him.
John felt his heart twist as he took a brave stride toward the man, getting just close enough to The Man in Black to see the medallion worn under his clothes. The Skull and the Sword, the insignia that bore on the flag of the
, she said,
Gathering his breath, the Man in Black tore off down the path once again --- hoping his next challenge would be less physical than the others.
It had been when Lestrade was carrying the deliveries that he had first spied him. A weaselly looking man with rounded spectacles in regal cloth. Looking much more important than everyone else around him. He was barking an order to a gathering of workers, preparations for the wedding. In truth, Lestrade had almost missed it. Would have if his hands hadn’t been motioning directions; but once he saw it, there was nothing else Gregory could see. Although adorned in black leather gloves, ones that undoubtedly cost most than the Brute had ever accumulated in a grand life total, Gregory Lestrade could see six fingers on the right hand.
“...it comes down to this, I made a mistake when I took your proposal. Make no mistake, the honour and gracious I felt and feel still for your grace but the truth was that I lied. I was not free to marry you because I was to be married to another. The man I love, and if you decide that you don’t care and I
“Your true love lives! And you marry another. True Love saved her in the fire swamp, and she treated it             like garbage. And that's what she is, the queen of refuse. So bow down to her if you want, bow to her.        Bow to the prince of slime, the prince of filth, the prince of putrescence! I am old and life means nothing to me, so I am the only person in all this crowd to dare to tell truth, and truth says bow to the Prince of Feculence if you want to, but not I! BOO! BOO!”
A testament to her long developed resilient nature which had  been developed over the year out on her own, hunting The Six-Fingered Man across the globe. The roughest and most meager of conditions had become like a second home to her.  Even in the employment of Jefferson Hope, the luxury of comfort had been forsaken several time for the purpose of the job. Whenever luxury did befall them, it was only with arm twisting that prevented their leader from hoarding it for himself.  Most of the many moons spent in that band had been saved only by the companionship of Gregory Lestrade.
“Well actually I had something to-”
Much later, John would make a similar joke about how Sherlock had earned his comeuppance for inflicting chaos and injury onto John - but let’s not get ahead of ourselves. At the present moment, Sherlock’s biggest concerns were sore muscles, bruising, and a steadfast realisation that John would need proper warmth, clean and dry clothing, a meal and a bath after everything. Fortunately, he had dried a lot in the sun, but an air of dampness still clung to the man. John was more at risk for hypothermia and exhaustion than anything else. Sherlock wouldn’t reach a state surpassing this till later; but as that was unbeknownst to the both of them, it was the younger who was fussing about. For had either of them knew what was facing them, perhaps it might have been reversed if not mutual.
wasn't as bad minus the kidnapping. But then Hope snarled, he whispered something in a threatening tone to Greg that John couldn't make out and by the pull on his arm leading him away; he realised that Hope had won.
in a spot most intimate to him, made him sick.
, when reminded to use precaution while doing his various experiments.
“I like the idea of it, I remember that from the movie but… the names? They're so silly and the way the storyteller talks--- is too weird.”
“I am your Prince and you cannot refuse.”
The ceremony brief, as festivities in the shadow of the king’s death felt improper, but what promised to be anything but was the royal presentation.  The square flooded with life, activity from every corner as everyone eagerly awaited for their new sovereign and his husband to appear from the parapets. Emboldened by the success of last time, Prince Jonathan stood inside the castle halls, awaiting to be allowed to meet the people once more as the Royal Consort. It was pointless for him to pretend to be anything other than slightly nervous --- but fear had always been what steeled him and urged him on. The sounds of cheer and laughter faded as the horn salute began cascading in the air, drawing the attention of the onlooking crowd to the parapets where King James II now stood in all his regal glory. He didn’t need to see him to know it was true.
“Is it on freezing to death? Because that's what will happen if you don't come down. If you don't break your neck slipping off.”
Sherlock remained oblivious to the conflicts arising in John behind him, how could he have known the peace John had made with becoming the future consort of Florin? While the idea of wedding the Prince instead of Sherlock had been mixed, Sherlock couldn't understand the level of loyalty he had developed for their kingdom. How he had intended to use his future power to help and guide their people to a better future? John had been acting in a public role for so long, it wasn't easy to just pick up and drop everything. He felt responsible for the people somehow; even if they were only his concern out of impeding wedlock.
“...build our life together. Of course. Isn't that obvious? The sooner I leave, the sooner I can earn a modest livelihood and return to you.” Sherlock finished, a bit teasingly at having to spell it out for him. “John Watson, I plan to never have to leave you again once I come back, I plan to stay by your side until we both die.  I want these things with you and I hope you’ll find them agreeable terms to live by?”
“You mean, you hoped to successfully get away with kidnapping me before telling me you were alive.” It's manic, John’s voice. Uncertain if he was more amazed or furious. It's stated as a fact, not an inquiry.
A scoff left Sherlock, arching an eyebrow at his captor. “
By the time he let Billy go, Count Charles stood at the gate, gesturing for John to follow. The boy ran back off to his mother and the people continued their praise.
Prince James sat in long silence, his fiancé standing by and ready to help him at a moment's notice. While the Prince knew his woes didn't stem entirely from mourning; there was something undeniably charming about his husband-to-be’s unwavering loyalty. As the heir, Prince James had numerous things to attend to, so whenever he was pulled from John’s side - he could be found in the company of Queen Janine. He knew first hand her loss, and she was heartbroken over her husband; even if she conceded that it was better this way, as his suffering was at an end now. The days passed, slowly and all too fast, and before John knew it the day Florin’s 500th anniversary was upon him and he was no longer just the Prince's fiancé but his husband and Consort.
the man.” She countered.
“Of course, your highness.” Count Charles agreed, eyes gleaming at his sovereign. Wondering what his wondrous mind was concocting next.
People hated him but he only wanted to please. It was his idea as an older boy to begin evening the odds. Groups and gangs against one lad; it seemed less monstrous. Suddenly he was the underdog and people loved him. For a few years, he had a good thing going until his “agent”, the man who had picked him off the streets as a youth, died during a particularly nasty winter. Lestrade had tried to manage on his own, but he had no mind for the business side of things. In truth, he had never found much joy in the fight - it was a means to an end, but suddenly he was in his twenties, alone and had no other means at his disposal. What was he to do? He took odd jobs, labour, before his training sent benefactors of another nature to him. Ones who heard of his strength and fighting days, who wanted to play roughly with others. He never lost. Not once.  Even if he had wished to, losing wasn't an option for a man like him. People would always have assumptions formed, nobody wanted to see the soul underneath.
; despite my appearance I am not the Brute everyone takes me for.”
Sherlock looked to John, who gave a shake of his head. “Well…” he thought aloud, figuring Sherlock would want his room back and mentally trying to decide if the Couch or the Upstairs bedroom was best for her. Absentmindedly scratching his neck. Would Molly want to give up her whole day now that they were here? He didn't want to guilt her into staying if she was busy.
“Of course not,” he had retorted indignantly. “I am testing to see the speed, weight and size required to pierce through the human Skull from this distance and if it's guaranteed to be fatal in every account.”
Perhaps it was this that made the young Prince less personable than his father; not that it mattered much as a Prince. His father was to deal with people while he made sure he lived long enough to sire a son either with a wife or with a nurse, should he select a consort over a queen.  People bored Prince James though, he even grew weary of Count Charles after a while, and that was the man whom he trusted the most. The gravity of this situation, however, didn’t fully hit the Prince until the day he was watching an executioner ward off group of unarmed prisoners in one of the pits in the Zoo.
“At ease, young man.” he said, suppressing a small laugh. Was that even the right phrase for a Prince to say? He wasn't sure. John wasn't accustomed to people bowing to him. “What’s your name?” he asked as the boy scrambled back up.
But he wasn't ready for the sight of Sherlock Holmes dressed to leave, luggage at his feet. John blinked in confusion, rubbing the sleep from his eyes as the man gave him a sad smile, the kind that tried it's best not to look sad but could still be spotted in their eyes.
John let out an amused snort in spite of himself, for the first time hearing it as a nickname and not a means to degrade him. “You sure?”
attacked by
It was all just a dream. The king still lived, but John's nightmares were growing           steadily worse.  He couldn’t take it anymore. This was wrong. His hand rested upon the brooch. He had made an vow once with this trinket; the most important one in his life. It was a vow John was tired of breaking. Once his breath was steadied, John pulled on his dressing robes and demanded to be taken to the Prince’s study - he knew that the man would still be awake at this hour.
“And you can die too for all I care!” he shouted, giving Roberts a rough shove. The pirate wavered off balance before landing backward down the sharply inclined slope. Just as he plummeted over the hillside, John caught a glimpse of something that made his heart stop. The mask Roberts had worn had fallen off, and underneath he caught the sight of sharp cheekbones and dark messy curl. Any doubt that remained was soon expulsion as the cry of Roberts both warmed his heart and shook him to his core.
The little boy gave a squeak before going into a hasty bow. “H-Hello, your highness.”
Sherlock ignored the sarcastic quip and continued. “What I told you on the hilltop was true too. The bit about the
Sarah, the royal dresser, had eventually began to base his wardrobe around it. Noting that the blue in the gemstone brought out his eyes. Not that it mattered much to John if it matched his clothes or his eyes or whatever, Sherlock could have pinned a moldy onion slice to him and he would have worn it with the same pride. It was all that was left of him, and John refused to let it go.
A wide smile on her lips was the last thing Dimmock saw before he was struck by a heavy blow.
Did John love him too? He certainly cared for him. They were friends, even if the extent of their closeness was secretive for his mother's sake. John had already admitted to finding him attractive, but who wouldn't? Did John love him? He imagined living a world without him. A life without that devilish grin and grinding internal gears. A day where he didn't hear those three little words fall from cupid's bow lips. A world where Sherlock Holmes was gone, he thought of it and John couldn't breathe. His hand had instinctively reached for the cool space of bed where Sherlock had once been, as if feeling him through the memory.
That was what told him about the animals. Human screams mingled with animalistic shrieks that at first it had been near impossible to discern them without proper focus. Animals of various habitats and beastial nature. It was the echo of these shouts that gave him an idea of how large and expensive this place was.
The Woman reached for John, clearly not realising whom he was or she would have had second thoughts about doing so. Blue eyes, full red lips, all clinging to hope of a hero. “Please monsieur, could you please direct us towards zee nearest village, so my père may rest? How far iz eet?”
He held it out for Billy, who almost didn't believe it was real before the Prince encouraged him to take it. Billy held the ring in his hand, it felt heavy and it was still a bit too big for his finger but he put it on anyway. Holding it in place with a clenched fist before throwing his arms around John. The sight prompted muttering in the crowd before The Prince Consort returned it with a laugh, bringing a cheer from the people.
“May I come in?”
Discarding the cloak, John took the blade from Sherlock to allow the man’s nerves to settle once again. It was only when he began slashing at the vines that John realised he hadn’t held a sword since his days on the kingsguard. It was also the first time he allowed himself to admit that he had missed the feeling of a sword in his hands. “Alright, so we have some time now… I have some questions.”
Count Charles followed Prince James into the training yard, watching from the sidelines as the men ran their drills. Prince James watched the Captain closely, “He’s certainly a bit dishy, isn’t he? In that rugged storybook hero kind of way.” he mused sardonically. Count Charles snickered as the Prince continued. “I see the idea, a man of the people. A People’s Prince. Someone more approachable than myself, perhaps someone who would even be willing to handle the daily slog of my father’s citizens. Yet, I wonder why you chose this man in particular, Count. Tell me, what do you know of him.”
“Your mother, when she thought you dead, she would often call me in for tea and tell me stories about you.” John didn’t miss the uncomfortable shift the other man had at the mention of his mother.
“As heroic a venture it was, I really wished you hadn’t stumbled down after me.” he mused, massaging his sore muscles in the spare moments allotted before their chase resumed. This remark earned a cocked eyebrow from the other man, prompting a hasty explanation. “I could easily scale this hill before the day ends, if you had remained at the top. However, you are hardly in any position to do extreme climbing - and any attempt to carry you would take more than a day. Which means, that we are more or less trapped here in the ravine.”
The Woman, Adler - lithe yet strong in stature. Now that she no longer wore a traveler's cloak, John could see that she was clearly the blade in their operations. Fine regal cutlass strapped to her side as long clean fingers tapped the handle in an almost subconscious motion every so often. Long dark hair swept up effortlessly on her head. She always seemed to wear an expression like she was thinking.
“Thank you.”
“Don't be stupid.” Sherlock snapped back.
John blinked, starting to understand but desperately needed things to be said more clearly. To use the words they were avoiding. “You mean to say, that you are going to…”
Sherlock had been so ready to die for him, ready to face the end with John at his side. The stupid part was, if that had been their only option, John would have done the same; but how could he justify having Sherlock killed because of him when there was something he could do about it?
“Prove what?”
“How long?”
Irene was on her feet once more, her blade slung into it’s sheath for now. She could swear she could feel it buzzing as much as she was on this rush. Her dear Kate, her soul finally put to rest. It was within her grasp. “It’s as good a place to start as any, I know that these castle often hold a variety of secret tunnels and chambers. If there is one containing either, we’ll find it. I’ve waited years for this moment, Gregory. Mark my words,
The Count led John to the parapet the Prince stood, and the two faced the crowd side by side for the first time as their future leaders. The Royal Couple. The sight of this prompted a reaction John should have expected but still was blown away by - the entire square bowed to them. To him. He was their Prince. Florin loved him; and for the first time since Sherlock the prospect of love didn't turn him away.
Hope smirked at his words. “Of all the necks on this boat, highness, the one you should be worried about is your own.” John stiffened at his words, but was relieved as his attention diverted back to Adler. “We will reach the cliffs by dawn and- Why are you doing that?!”
? He couldn't help but wonder,
John listened intently, unable to help a twinge of jealousy towards the pirate whom Sherlock was describing a close friendship with. It felt hypocritical as John had been set to marry another in belief that Sherlock was dead - could he really be angry for him had he had a brief affair while gone. He hadn’t realised how visible these thoughts were on his face because when Sherlock paused to take his sword back, he let out a snigger. “Oh relax John, it wasn’t like that.” he assured. “You see, Roberts is far from the kind of person I would feel an attraction to in that sense. You’ll understand in a moment. For years, this was the cycle. I’d spend my working hours training, doing whatever tasks Roberts asked of me, then I’d retire and be Roberts friend, as opposed to the valet I was during the day before going off to my own quarters. I’d keep Roberts’ secret and Roberts let me live. Friendship happened somewhere in between that. That was when that opportunity I had been waiting for came up, or rather, Roberts came to to me about it. You see, Roberts had grown so rich that he wanted to retire and was looking for a successor. But it couldn’t just be anyone, it had to be someone clever and so far nobody had solved the greatest test. That was until I revealed what I had known since that first month. You see, Roberts was actually a Roberta.”
The music died, and all heads turned to face the Prince. The Prince drew himself up, the face of stoic royalty held tightly - one of the rules of being so was to never let your mask crack. You had to be more than mortal, you were a god on earth and nothing could bring you to falter. If you doubt, your people will doubt you. Fortunately for Prince James, faltering was not something in his vocabulary. “My People,” The Prince began, voice thundering with clarity over the crowd, yet still remaining charming as best he could. “In one month, our proud kingdom celebrates its 500th anniversary.”
had been his hero - well that had only boosted his own favour with the people. When The Man in Black had interfered, it had taken every ounce of self control Prince James had to not drop his facade and go insane with rage. Even now, he felt his game altered slightly. Mistaking when John’s grief would take him - that was normally child’s play. Yet, he still had the upper hand and that prompted his mood to begin to take a more positive turn.
“Forgive me?” Sherlock gasped, catching his breath as John finally allowed him oxygen once more.
"Please tell me she's upstairs and she told you about that event yourself." John said, not really sure what to make of that story.
"Oh, but I hope, you'll bring the drawing home after work so we can put it on our fridge." Sherlock said and smiled at John, "We're really lacking good art at home." he said with a chuckle.
Here of course the English translation of the part in German:D
"Oh, how semi interesting..." Sherlock said with a huffed laugh, "I don't know. Which of them is dating and.. /who/.." he said with a frown, figuring that one of John's colleagues was dating someone they knew, otherwise, given that he didn't really know any of his colleagues that well, he didn't see why John would talk about it.
"I'd almost say she trusted us very quickly after we'd told her we weren't baddies. I mean, until we'd talked to the1
A few minutes later after Charlie was back upstairs, Sherlock immediately pulled out his phone and called his fiancé, Charlie was in obviously in pain and he really want to check back with John about this.
"I don't know.. I mean.. do you really want to hear about your own funeral?" Sherlock asked and closed his eyes as he listened to John's heart, which was more than soothing. "Well.. if you want to know, your dream family didn't invite Beth.. Gareth and Mark were there though."
"Okay." Rosie said and smiled again as Scout poked her leg with his nose. "Viktor...?" Rosie began with in full puppy eye mode as Sherlock started the car, "Can Charlie and I take Scout for a walk later? I've never walked a dog!"
Sherlock smiled, "Admit it, you'd be jealous if I'd had my lips on someone else's body." he chuckled and kissed John's cheek, "I'm sorry, though, I should have thought of it." he said and sighed softly, "In my defence, though, it's because my mind is fairly preoccupied with thinking about my amazing boyfriend all day."
"Let me guess, it's gonna be a glittery, pink princess room, yeah?" John asked with a fond chuckle. "I refuse to furnish a room like that for your other sibling though." He added with a laugh.
Sherlock smiled innocently at his brother, "Oh, I'm sure you'll manage." he said and could barely hold back the laughter that wanted to burst out of him at his brother's reaction, "Should we go find her then?" he asked, still smiling.
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah, I guess we are.. well almost, John still waits for the right moment to propose, which is just a fancy way to say that he wants to save up for a ring.." he said and chuckled lightly, "Oh zooks! We should probably go back downstairs.." he said, realising it probably was a little weird for them to be still upstairs together. "I don't know about Harry, but John gets very jealous very fast.." he said and wondered if Harry and John were mad about them going upstairs.
Amy nodded agreeing and gave Rosie a bright smile. A moment later Sally opened the door again and did a relatively good job hiding the fact she wasn't exactly happy to see them all again. "Hello Violet, I thought you were going on a trip?" Violet nodded at that. "Yes, we still are, but my little ones have heard about the beehive in the garden and would rather have Rosie show it to them first." Sally kept her expression neutral. "Oh, sure. Come inside. Rosie, don't forget, I want to see you tonight at supper time." She told the little girl once more, crouching down to be at eye-level with her. She hadn't even acknowledged the two boys, Violet thought to herself. Amy leaned over to whisper (though in a way that everyone could still hear her) into Rosie's ear with wide eyes. "She looks really mean!"
"It's okay.. I didn't mean to be rude to you either.." Ally said and smiled brightly at her sister, reaching out to hold her hand. "Lock, when can we play with Rosie and Charlie again? Can you tell Charlie that she's really really super cool? She said she'll play a song on the guitar for us the next time we see her."
Sherlock smiled against John's lips, starting to unbutton his shirt from the bottom to meet John in the middle, "That's not fair.." he murmured into the kiss once his shirt was open, "You're wearing a jumper.. there's no way I get that off while you're hands are on me.." he said and chuckled a little.
Sherlock hummed against John's lips, "That's really the only disadvantage of the trip today.." he murmured into the kiss, "Not getting to snog my pretty boyfriend." he chuckled.
With a bit of a smile John let go of Sherlock's shirt once it was off him, before admiring his boyfriend. It came to his mind that he'd really never seen Sherlock without clothes before. "It's very hard to keep my hands off you, when you're absolutely beautiful."
Sherlock nodded and took John's hand again as they left the office, "Well I'd say you go find Dimmock and I'll go and see Lestrade." he said and smiled, leaning over to peck John's lips.
"What?" John frowned and looked over Sherlock's shoulder to have a look for himself. "How did the teachers not notice that? I mean, that sounds extremely dubious."
John smirked at that and laid his hand on Sherlock's. "Well, good thing then that I really like a good midnight shag. Did you end up sleeping at all, Sher?"
Sherlock followed with a smile, sitting down between Emma and John, wrapping his arm around him, "How exactly did that happen?" he asked quietly and watched David and Rosie with a smile.
"Obviously." John agreed and shook his head a little, giving Sherlock another look. "I would've thought John's a bit more laid back and less responsible actually." Charlie said after a moment. "Like, no offence but you're twenty and Sherlock is... erm older." "I think I know what you mean, but I've always been someone who's liked responsibility. And not to mention that people are treating me more respectful the older I get whereas Sherlock's had to deal with everyone treating him like a teen for ages." Charlie nodded. "That must be awful though."
Charlie went with Ron towards the counter and looked at the different cakes. "Wow, those look so good, if I were you I'd probably already weigh a ton." She said with a chuckle.
"No idea" John said and laugh, waiting for him at the door. Meanwhile Mrs. Hudson let Charlie inside. "Hi Charlie." She smiled. "So did you get some nice clothes?" Charlie nodded happily. "Yeah, a dress and shoes" She said with a grin.
Charlie rolled her eyes a bit at that and got to her feet. "How about you come and help me? You can mash the potatoes and decide which funny shape we carve on the top." She said with a smirk, figuring that was intriguing enough to get her sister to follow her. It wasn't even that she didn't want to do all the work (you could actually argue that making sure Rosie was busy and not about to touch the hot stove made for more work in total), she just didn't like cooking on her own.
"Yes, you're right. Now's probably not the best time to talk about this, unless you want to." He sighed a little. "We should try to go back to sleep. Would you like me to make some tea or warm milk beforehand?"
"Sure is. I mean with each passing year in human history there was more listing people, until today it's increased to a ridiculous level. But with Mycroft's sources and abilities and tips from historians where to look, I think the odds are good that we can find some things." he said and smiled.
"Are you serious?" John asked her quietly, but couldn't help a chuckle, before sneaking his mobile out of his bag pocket. David rolled his eyes and continued to twirl next to Rosie now that he knew she was having fun; and so was he to be honest.
"Yeah?" Sherlock asked, moving his arm around the girl next to him, glad that she seemed to understand this.
"Great." John said and let himself be dragged along into the cafeteria, shooting Sherlock an amused look. When they arrived at the cafeteria it was, well, kind of smaller than he had expected. There were a few group tables of three different heights as well as one for the adults (which was relatively obvious because of the coffee mugs at each and every seat there). Besides the colourful decoration and the personalised cups etc. (especially at the smallest tables) it kind of looked like a very comfy hostel.
"Then make it, Mom, dad, this is my vampire boyfriend." Sherlock suggested and grinned at John, pulling his hand out of his boyfriend's and instead wrapping his arm around him.
In the morning they all got up extra early to surprise Sherlock with special breakfast in bed. In the afternoon they were expecting Violet and John's parents. Unfortunately Paul was at work and Clara and Harry had already gone off to a second honeymoon (a trip around the world) since they hadn't really been able to enjoy the first one properly with Harry's turning. So around 4pm, they heard a knock on the door.
"Yeah!" Sherlock had someone come especially to make a light switch for me at the wall, so I can reach it!" Rosie chirped and walked over to the normal light switch, where much lower sat another one on the perfect height for Rosie, "Look!" she said and switched the light on, grinning proudly.
Grateful for the change of topic now in front of his boyfriend, John practically jumped at it. "Thanks, love. Oh and yes, I can start." John said with a smile and took the glass of wine. "So, as you know we were back at home last week. So, after a while Sherlock told them his full name and apparently that rang a bell. Dad ended up getting out some of granddad's old military photos and, well, turns out Sherlock has a strikingly similar face to his grandfather's, who happened to fight alongside our granddad." John said with a bit of a look, before turning to Sherlock. "Do you want to take over from here? It's really your story anyway."
Sherlock nodded and coughed lightly again, really not feeling like talking after that coughing fit as he drank the rest of his aspirin.
Sherlock was a bit taken aback at that, but he hoped this was just another father boyfriend routine. He really, really hoped John's father wouldn't try to scare him away. Apart from the fact that it wasn't going to work, it would ruin all the progress he'd had seemingly made accepting his children's choices. Nodding eventually at John, he nudged his shoulder with his own, "You heard your dad." he said and smirked lightly at him.
Sherlock couldn't help laughing, though he practically snorted the laugh, trying to hold it back, clearing his throat, he crouched down to be on eye level with Sally, "I'm not sure if you need people to tell you the same thing three times to make sure you remember but Rosie doesn't, especially since it's something she can hardly control herself." he said, talking in the same tone to Sally, the woman had used on Rosie, smiling sweetly at the other woman, while Rosie grinned.
John grumbled a bit, when Sherlock moved and mumbled "Morning, love", before opening his eyes and stretching; he was really just going through the motions. It took him a solid five seconds to realise where he was and where he wasn't. Oh thank God. Jesus, what kind of dreams did he come up with these days? "You go first, I have to think about something." John murmured after a while.
"Thank you." Charlie said with a smile and put on the bonnet, almost feeling sorry for covering up her new hairdo. "Shall we go outside then?" She asked them.
"Yeah, she's got a lot of those." Ron sad and chuckled sheepishly after the hug, "Mind if I quickly give it to her before we go? I'd also rather say hi to your dads first, kind of more polite."
"Thanks, it's alright." Charlie said and bit back another cough. "That's very kind of you, but all flu-suffering girls should stay in bed and rest. I'll get some tea for the both of you." John said with a smile and laid a hand on Rosie's shoulder to guide her back down. "Can I have peppermint?" Charlie asked hoarsely. "Coming right up. And for you?" He asked Rosie.
"Paps are you coming already?" Charlie called, standing with John next to the exit.
Somewhere towards the end Amy had drifted off, cuddled against Sherlock's leg, even though she'd tried to stay awake to hear the whole story. Meanwhile John had propped some cushions and bedding on the carpet for a makeshift toddler-bed. A crumpled note in his hand he'd started to learn a little (though in truth he'd ended up listening to Sherlock's story more). When Sherlock was done, John got out his phone and snapped a picture of the three. "Okay, this is the most adorable screen-saver" He said with a smile. "Let's get them into bed, yeah?"
"Yes well that would be me." Sherlock said and chuckled softly, "I hope it's alright he brought me, John was a little hesitant, but I insisted. I'm a bit old school on that matter, it's really important to me to meet my partner's family." he said and cleared his throat, "Oh, and John told me you like violets. Very good taste, I might add. They're my favourites too." he said and held out the flowers for John's mother to take them.
"Well actually, I'd really like if he'd look at the two as soon as possible. But I'm sure he'll come over here, so you can still stay in bed." Sherlock said and gave her a smile, "You want to come downstairs too and sleep in our bed?" he asked, it really would make him feel better to have an eye on both of them, given their condition.
John chuckled at that. "Really, seven? Makes me wonder why I'm even bothering to study for another five." He joked with a bit of a smile. "But I suppose, that'd work."
"One of my husbands, a politician, had several disputes with.. colleagues of his. After one in particular I got denounced for a minor offence to put pressure onto him. It was power play, really and nothing came of it in the end, but one's options are limited in pretrial detention." She said with a sigh.
"Yeah, I was just about to ask." John said and smiled back. Getting up to join him in the kitchen, he grabbed his sandwich and took a bite himself. "So we'll go the orphanage tomorrow, yeah?"
"Yeah, I already noticed we'll be looking like milady's butlers tonight." Sherlock said with a chuckle and smiled at John, glad to /finally/ see him today, he really wasn't used to seeing him less often yet (and he doubted he'd ever be).
"Right, I apologise I almost forgot about my family there." John said with chuckle. "I'm already wondering how those girls are going to turn out."
"Yeah, I'm actually more angry about the torture part. As a rule of thumb, people who hurt you are potential future victims of murder." John commented.
"Oh.. right. Yeah, okay I'm fine with that." She said and blushed a bit. "Anyway, where exactly is that warehouse?"
Sherlock melted into the kiss, before breaking it reluctantly, "Come on, let's go up." he said with a chuckle, "Sorry about the stairs by the way, I'd have had an elevator put it, but I didn't have time." he said with a chuckle.
Sherlock smiled at her, "You're very welcome." he said and gestured with his head to the door, "Shall we then?" he asked with a smile, enjoying how happy Charlie seemed.
Sherlock quickly walked over to the window, gesturing Charlie to be quiet, while he looked out of it, what he saw down there proved the theory that had formed inside his head when he had realised Charlie heard that voice too. Impossible as it was, it seemed to be the truth. His room proved it too, it wasn't in the state it had been when he had last seen it, it looked.. new. Fresh in a way. It looked like someone currently lived in it. Even the fire in the fireplace was burning. "I erm.. it's nothing, /father/!" he called back, emphasising the last word for Charlie, giving her a look that told her that he didn't have any idea what had happened either as he walked over to John, trying to shake him awake as well.
"Aw, that's really cute." Charlie smiled as she walked inside. "Though maybe not the best idea to have toddlers sleeping next to the stairs on first floor when you two aren't." She commented, going up to one of the beds with a chuckle. "Did you decorate all of this?"
Sherlock chuckled, "So.. if I wear a dress, you'll play Cluedo with me?" he asked and cringed at the logic but kind of hoped John wouldn't notice it didn't make any sense. "Deal." he said with a laugh.
"Hm, but I'd have to get my coat first, and you'd have to put your boots back on, and it'd be morning before we'd have even started." Charlie said and bit back a chuckle. "Instead we could close our eyes and think of the starriest night sky we can imagine." She suggested with a smile.
"Erm, yeah. I mean, you're only seeing each other romantically, but aren't engaged yet." John explained with a nod.
"True" John said with a chuckle. "Though there must be something in blood that enables to absorb nutrients. I mean, otherwise we could just blend our food if it were just about the granularity we could just blend the food or prepare it differently." John said and scratched his head.
"Do we want to tell them tomorrow? It might be a bit much at once, but on the other hand it'd sure be nice to have most things off the table." John signed with a shrug. "I mean it's your decision really."
Sherlock nodded, "Another very welcome side effect of mixing it with blood is that it goes straight into the system." he croaked, his head feeling better already, although that didn't go for his throat. "Where's my laptop? I should start planning Amy's and Ally's room. I promised them to have it ready for the sleepover."
"Er.. no, as odd as it sounds, I've never even tried black pudding.." Sherlock said and shuddered a little, "Call me a hypocrite but it's just .. ew."
"True. I already feel sorry for the kids." John chuckled faintly. "But I've got a feeling we're better than psychokillers, so I mean there's that."
"What?" Charlie asked, forgetting momentarily about her pain as she watched Sherlock perform a magic trick of pulling an endless amount of stuff out of those bags. "Wait, that's why you've gone out?"
"You look sad." Rosie pointed out and immediately moved closer to Charlie and reached up to pet her head, "Are you sad about your parents?"
"Hm, I'd say first, because I'm already up here!" Rosie said and chuckled, "Then we can put on the other decoration!" she said and frowned again, "But.. you have to put me down so we can look for the star... then we put the decorations first and the star last, that's better!"
John chuckled at that and got to his feet. "Even though they aren't Watsons, you've definitely got us all three wrapped around your finger." He said and walked up to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him.
"Ah, hi Sherlock" Mark said and pulled him into another hearty hug, chuckling a little when he was a bit hesitant. He pulled back and told John with a bit of a laugh that he and Harry were more alike than he'd have thought. The volume with which he spoke, making John laugh just slightly nervously. "Nice dog tag. Did Johnny here tell you about uncle David's thing with the military?" He said looking at John knowingly.
"That would be lovely." John said with a smile and kissed Sherlock's cheek; he couldn't wait to try out the couch. Going with him into the kitchen, he asked. "So it's one litre daily, love, yeah?"
John snorted at that "I can imagine that being disturbing." He commented, before smirking at the last part. "But yeah, we can definitely do that. See, now I'm almost regretting not already turning yesterday." He said with a chuckle.
After climbing out of the car on Rosie's side, Charlie went to the boot of the car and opened it to already get her suitcase out. "Is she still asleep?" She asked looking up at Sherlock.
“Do you think he's going to be okay?" Sherlock asked after a few moments of silence between him and Emma. "He seemed quite.. out of it." he said and sighed, watching Emma shrug, "I really don't know.." she said, sighing herself. "I think he'll need some time before he can be happy about it, but eventually, he will." she said quietly, "He wouldn't admit it, but he's missed him badly." she mumbled and Sherlock just nodded, "Will he be.. mad at me?" he asked, still not quite sure if David's words before had meant out of the house rather than out of the room. "I don't think so... You didn't make him leave after all.." she said, but sounded more like he wanted to soothe Sherlock, than really believing what she said.
"I'm not even sure he knows what that means.." Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes once again.
"Jesus Christ, I wish." John said a laugh. "Mouldy thumbs, livers and he forgot a brain lying around in a bag somewhere until it looked like paint." John said and shook his head. "I guess, you know what I'm talking about."
Vanessa sighed in relief, "Thank you /so much/, John, really. They've had lunch, but only a sandwich so if you could possibly make them something." she said and smirked at him, "You'll understand how its once you've got your degree and your own pack of little ones." she said and chuckled a little. "Maybe with that new girl Beth told me about, although she did say that she was very rude when you introduced her, anyway, no time for chitchat, I'll get going." she said as Amy walked over to him.
"Wow, I love that. Thank you very much, Charlie. Did you make the frame yourself?" John asked with a smile and looked back to her. "Yeah, Rosie helped me with it. The fingerprints are on there, because we're detectives, you know?" She said, really happy they liked it, which made John chuckle. "Yeah, I see. That's awesome, really."
Two hours later Janine was sitting on Sherlock's lap, her one arm on his shoulder and the other holding her champagne glass. "...And then I gave gave him my big, sad eyes and put on my best German milk-maid accent 'Bitte, Herr officer, these miles and kilomtres are so confusing.. And I just can't be late for my Onkel Franze's funeral..' " Janine said with an exaggerated German accent, before beginning to laugh in earnest. "It did work, though. What about you, Harry?"
John chuckled dryly and shook his head. "I feel like I'm the only person in the entire family who didn't know until a week ago... Well, this is gonna make telling him about Richard much easier."
"You have to admit feeding us dry facts for nearly an hour would have probably made us crack eventually if didn't know her that well." Sherlock said and chuckled, "My personal favourite was her graph about how difficult and moody she'd become if we wouldn't say yes."
"Oh, Sherlock dear? I really didn't expect you here. Oh, And you must be John! Yes, I've heard a lot about you two." She said with a chuckle, before returning to Sherlock's question. "No, Martha doesn't have a clue, it's too much explaining for me really." Mrs. Turner said. "So you're eating the regular food here too?" She asked, since there were small children sitting by.
"You could tell them that I wanted to try out a short-cut to the café and we ended up getting mugged in a small alley. You tried to fight the girl off, but got punched instead, but we ended up getting away." Charlie offered after a moment, as John took a closer look at Ron's nose.
Sherlock laid back on the bed when John walked out the room and curled back up under the blanket, wishing it was already evening. He knew by then the worst would be over, but unfortunately that didn't help him right now.
"Ah.." Sherlock said and laughed, shaking Harry's hand, "You mean our sister.." he said and smirked at John, "I mean.. at least soon to be." he chuckled again. "Honestly, Johnny.. how did you pull /that/ off?" she asked and gestured up and down Sherlock's body, "I mean for a guy.. he's hot." she said and grinned happily at John.
"Yeah, we've talked about that.. it's actually a long list of things we've talked about." Sherlock said and poured himself and John a glass of blood first, figuring Charlie would need a few moments for herself anyway.
Sherlock nodded, "We were thinking about inviting Harry, Clara and Jane too.." he said and sat up a bit, starting to stand up to walk his mother to the door.
"Okay!" Rosie said and smiled at Sherlock, "I have to do this now, because the computers are really important, but when I'm done, I'll wait in the play room for you!" she said and dashed off for her important task, making Sherlock chuckle again, "Honestly, I really, /really/ don't see how people can consider her introverted.." he said and shook his head.
Charlie gave Sherlock a bit of a grin."Yeah, I know, it's alright, really." The thought of being his fiancée almost made her shudder herself. "I'm Charlie, Sherlock's d- erm, the sister of his friend." She said, remembering her cover story. "It's really nice to finally get to meet you, Jane." She said, glad Sherlock had said she was more tolerant in terms of etiquette than the others.
"She's even replaced me as her reading and writing teacher." Sherlock said and smiled, "They made impressive progress today, she had six letters memorized and two numbers until lunch."
"Alright." Sherlock said and smiled, "You can have the big TV in the living room, John and I will make it an early night then, but we'll be with you in a second if you want us to. And I'll make sure you can get tomorrow off, so don't get used to it, but you may stay up tonight as long as you can keep your eyes open and you may camp on the sofa."
"It was worth a try, although I am a bit offended that an all but alive pile of dirty dishes is okay for you, but moulding thumbs aren't." Sherlock said and chuckled. "Feels like your priorities are a bit askew there." he smirked.
Rosie nodded, "He's nice." she said and smiled at John, "But I like you two way better than anyone here!" she stated and smiled happily as they arrived at the beehive.
"Hm, that's just what I mean." Sherlock said and smiled, "Amber sure put a lot of effort into those cookies and it wouldn't have been nice for her if someone said they taste bad, sometimes it even feels better for people when they know themselves that it isn't quite true. It's called a white lie.. they're not all bad, but as I said, the truth is better in most cases." Sherlock said and Ally smiled, "Mummy says that too." she said and Sherlock smiled, "Yeah.. mine did as well when I was your age.." Sherlock said and sighed softly, "And let me tell you a secret, even if you don't always like what mummy says, mummies are mostly right.." he said with a wink and smiled at the girls. They really looked a lot like his sister had when she was little.
Sherlock smiled a little, almost sheepishly, "Uh, no. Actually, I didn't. I only recently noticed I'm sort of good with children.. at least they seem to like me and I like them. And when my mother told me about those orphanages, I figured teaching them would be more useful than studying the very same thing for the 58th time. I didn't even know there were vampire kids until my boyfriend and I watched my baby sisters and one of them grabbed my glass because she wanted some /tomato juice/ too..." he said, rolling his eyes, "That was a surprise.. to put it lightly." he said with a chuckle.
This wasn't exactly how she'd planned to give them their first sex talk, but it was hardly the worst timing compared to her other children. "Mmh, well they need help to get new baby plants growing. Some kinds of flowers use the wind or bird or they can do it themselves, but a lot of them are relying on bees. You see, in spring there are always a lot of 'pollen' flying around. Your daddy sometimes talks about them." Amy nodded at that. "Yeah, they make his eyes red and itchy and his nose sneezy!" "Exactly, and that's flower dust. And only the male 'daddy' plants make this dust. The female 'mummy' plants want to get this onto their own colourful petals, because when they come together, the female plants can make new seeds. And guess what happens when a new seed comes into the ground?"
"Come on then Rosie." Charlie smiled and her by the hand. "The nice bees are already very eager to say hello to you." She said and lead her to the front door with a smile.
"Yeah, you're right with that, I suppose. Good thing you're going to start teaching here in a few years." John commented and took Sherlock's hand, before leaning in to kiss his lips. "This is the only downside of family trips."
"Thanks for my bloody existence." He said after a moment, looking at him with a bit of a grin and shaking his head. "You've been waiting for a while for me, hm?"
"Oh, I did." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I do remember that one time, shortly before Victor and I ran off... we were in a little shed behind the cottage with a bottle of wine I nicked from my parents and... well we got drunk, he let me drink from him too so I actually felt the effects of the alcohol and well you can imagine how that ended, we were just lucky no one walked in on us.. that would have caused serious trouble." he said and chuckled a little.
John almost yawned into the kiss but held hims- nope, he ended up yawning against Sherlock's lips. Good thing his heavy eyelids blocked Sherlock's expression. As a gesture of good will, he ran a hand up Sherlock's back.
"You are." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I need days of planning and ask for advice for something you'd set up in an hour." he said with a chuckle.
"Yeah, I can alternate between A-minor, C-major and G-major now." Charlie smiled, figuring that was quite an achievement. "Can you teach me some barre chords soon too?" She asked as they got into the living room.
Daphne grinned, "Yeah, I am! I've got tools too, I've got binoculars and a magnifier and a notepad and I know how to take fingerprints with ink! I've seen on tv how to make black powder stuff for fingerprints from a table or so, but Rachel says we don't have enough money for experiments like that." she said with a pout so similar to Sherlock's it even made himself laugh, "Right.. so, little detective, one step at a time, what's your name?" he asked and Daphne smiled, "I'm Daphne Blake!" she said and Sherlock smirked, "Well, Daphne... It's very nice to meet you. And you know, I might be starting to work as a teacher here, so.. if that works out, I'm quite sure we can do some fingerprint experiments very soon and of course, I'll need an assistant who already knows about fingerprints.. you know someone for that?" he asked and Daphne grinned excitedly, "Me! Me! I know a lot about fingerprints, I know that everybody has different fingerprints, it's like snowflakes everyone's different! And they have different kinds of lines too! I also know that ears are always different, they're like fingerprints and the colour part in your eyes is also always different and..." she rambled and Sherlock chuckled, "Okay, okay, you're more than qualified to be my assistant." he said and smiled at the overjoyed expression on her face, "Cool!" she squealed happily.
"It's not bad... although.. if I had actually gotten to choose.. I'd probably have waited until I'm around 30.. that would have been easier." he said and shrugged, "Though.. perhaps if you decide to do it, let's not wait quite that long.. it might be fun to fool around with schools and have you be the teacher and me the student, but generally it would be tedious to always justify the age difference."
"Okay, I know where they hide the cookies!" Rosie giggled and walked over to the bookshelf next to the fireplace. "Should we let them know we're already awake and were just waiting for them, or should we grant them some fun with the not so secret cookie stash first?" Sherlock asked, chuckling quietly, looking up from where he was cuddled up against John.
"Look, I-" John sighed. "That piercing felt like an important thing for her, I at least want one or two hours to think about it. I'm sorry that came out like that." He said and ran a hand through his hair. "Just.. I'd rather make some of the bigger decision with you together. I didn't mean for it to come out like that."
"Actually, come to me /before/ you're in trouble with some murderers." Sherlock said jokingly, but with a serious note in his voice, absolutely not liking the idea that Charlie would ever need 'help with some murderers'. Actually, if he could, he'd probably wrap up Charlie and Rosie into suits made of cushions, put a helmet on their heads and keep them away from any kind of danger - which obviously wasn't possible, but he'd still do anything in his power to keep them safe.
"Still in the shower, I guess." Sherlock said, "Fear he hasn't slept so well either." he said with a shrug, "One or two cups of coffee and he and I will be fine." he said and smiled at her.
Going upstairs, John stopped in front of the twins' Rosie's new room and knocked on the door. "Girls? We're leaving now. Can you come downstairs now?" He said, before the door was already being opened and Charlie was looking back at him. "We'll be downstairs in a minute."
"Who was like the first girl you've played the guitar for?" Charlie asked after a moment, figuring that was a less awkward question than something about his first kiss... And he'd said he'd just got the guitar, so the odds that it had been herself probably weren't too bad...
"I've actually told them not to do that when they suggested it, because I expected what that would look like." Sherlock said and curiously leant over a little to look at the letter with a visibly proud smile, it was scattered with spelling mistakes, some words spelled exactly the way they sounded like, some you had to guess, but for most of it she had actually written an excellent letter. Especially for someone who's only been learning for two months.
"Well, I don't think they allow people to pet the baby tigers, love." Sherlock said and smiled at his little sister, "I don't think the mummy tigers would like that." he said and chuckled a little. "If you were a mummy, you wouldn't allow everyone to touch your baby either, would you?"
"If you like her so much... why do you look like you want to wring her neck?" Sherlock asked with a frown, picking up the cookies and the bags, deciding to start working on the promised dinner.
Charlie glanced up at Sherlock and John with a small smile, before John said. "Yes, that's exactly it, even though we still should've thought of it either way. I'm glad you've still found out." He said, not really knowing what else to say, though Charlie quickly took over for him, quite excited they had people over just because of Rosie and herself. (Already having known Violet anyway, she hadn't really thought much about the fact John and Sherlock had families.) "Yeah, so am I. Do you live in London too?"
Sherlock smiled, giving a nod, before he walked out of the room to head to his classroom.
"Oh yes. I mean there are bigger ships these days, like ours, but I haven't seen anything that's even close to the Titanic. You could feel how invested Andrews was, he had built his heart into that ship..." Sherlock said and shrugged, "These days it's only bigger, faster, more expensive.. Creating luxury like that, without feeling it's too much, it's an art." he said and smiled.
Sherlock smiled "You know, if Charlie could drive, they probably wouldn't need us at all anymore." he said and chuckled, holding the door open for John.
"And.. if we happen to pass a boring book store, it'll obviously be me who wants to go in and if someone wants to sneak a couple of books into my basket so the others don't see her buying them... I wouldn't mind." Sherlock said with a laugh, looking up as they arrived at the flat.
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah.. obviously the other kids liked that a lot." he said and shrugged a little, "Not sure how long that's gonna last, but at least this time she didn't sit alone at her table for dinner.." he said and had only really realized that fact when she hadn't sat alone today. Last time when they had stayed for dinner, he hadn't really paid attention, but Rosie's surprised look when some other kids sat with her had made him notice that.
"Sure." Sherlock said and smiled, "And yeah, it did suit you really well." he said and looked up at John, "Are you still awake there?" he asked with a chuckle.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut which only increased the stinging in his eyes, violently forcing his sobs to temporarily still as he sat up and looked at Clara, hesitantly taking the glass of blood with a shaking hand, his other arm still clutching the pillow and even though his sobs stilled, the tears were still rolling relentlessly out of his eyes. "Will they.." he cleared his throat as he looked into his glass, "Will they want me there?"
"Sounds appropriate." Mycroft agreed after a moment and shook Sherlock's hand and sighed. Meanwhile Violet got her flowers out of her car, glad they could visit the graves as a family; especially knowing that three of them were empty. Maybe this could become a family tradition, she thought to herself, before locking the car and waiting for her sons to follow her.
"Hm.. seems fair, I guess. Just the way you talk to and about him seem like you do." She commented. "What do you think he thinks of your family?"
"Well.. what was I supposed to do? If I had spoken up I wouldn't have helped him.." Sherlock said and sighed, "All that would have accomplished would have been that I would have been put into a solitary cell as well and that wouldn't have been good, there is a good chance for vampires to get violent when they're deprived of blood.. just like everybody can get violent when they're losing their minds.. I had to get out of there.. I even had Mycroft check if he could do something to get Jim out of there, but when he did, all he found out they had lobotomised him, but they were complications and he well, he didn't make it. There was no family to take care of things so he was cremated.
"Ah, hey Sherlock." Greg greeted him with a smile and stood up, abandoning the exams on his desk. "And you must be Mycroft. I can't say I've heard much good about you." He said with a laugh towards Sherlock, before holding out his hand towards Mycroft, who surprisingly enough felt compelled to shake it. "I'm Greg, nice to meet you." "Hello, I'm afraid to say that my brother has left out some crucial details about you though.." Mycroft eyed the new acquaintance with the hint of a smirk and Greg grinned outright at that. "Mmh, maybe we shouldn't rely on Sherlock too much in that regard. It can't be all bad."
"Well, we wouldn't have talked about it if didn't." Sherlock said and couldn't help but laugh at the way Charlie's face had lit up.
John sighed inwardly a little but nodded. "Course, love." He said and went over to the front door, calling. "The food smells good by the way." Once he was at the door, he put on a pleasant smile and opened it, greeted by two women in their late twenties. "Hello Clara, hello Harry. Glad you could make it. Sherlock's just finishing something up in the kitchen."
"Well.. no. He hasn't.. I mean.. even when I stayed away from him for a month because I wanted to avoid this exact same situation.. you know.. me being terrified to lose him.. but even when I ignored him completely.. he still agreed to go on a date with me after that." Sherlock mumbled and smiled, "Oh and.. we kind of agreed to get married after only a few days.." he said and smiled, realising that all things considered, John really seemed about as helplessly in love with him, as he was with John.
"And we'll only be out for a couple of hours." John said and Charlie jumped in, since that almost made it sound worse. "Look, I'll take pictures and keep you updated, how about that?" Charlie suggested with a smile. "You'll still be a vital part of the official birthday-dress-selection team that way" She smirked a bit.
Sherlock's head shot up from the book he had grabbed from Mrs Hudson's collection when he heard the door, looking at John for confirmation that he hadn't just imagined the sound while at the same time listening hard for other noises from the corridor, "You hear that?" he mouthed, standing up from his chair as he also heard footsteps from the outside the flat.
"Is that supposed to be a joke? Obviously I do." Charlie said with a chuckle. "My point was life at the orphanage isn't bleak, but that sure as- doesn't mean I'd say no to a whole birthday cake or decorations. I just mean, I have had proper birthday parties, but that doesn't mean they couldn't get better."
"Well... that would be one way to explain that I'm a vampire.. if I just walk away from a shot into the chest or something." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Although I really would prefer to tell him without suffering severe injuries." he said and laughed again, "Why do I have the feeling he'd be more relaxed finding out I'm a vampire than he was when we walked in together?"
"Alright, I'll see if I can find you." John said with a chuckle. "You take care of Charlie. How about we meet tonight by that shed?" John suggested.
“It's good to have at least two people of your family on our side." Sherlock said and pressed a kiss into John's hair, "And I'm sure your dad will come round eventually, if not today. I'll try to be the best possible partner he could get for you if it has to be a guy." he said and chuckled, emptying his glass, before he set it down on the table, wrapping his now free arm around John as well.
"Okay. Good." Charlie said and tried to sniff quietly. "Don't tell Rosie though, I think she'd get that wrong."
"Ah, yeah, Rachel.. She can actually be quite nice if you get to know her." Greg commented. "He's talking to Arthur? I'm sure he'll like the idea of a new sports team here after the football thing didn't work out.."
"Sounds almost like a family business." Viktor said with a chuckle. "So then you're going to be a chemistry teacher?"
John shifted uncomfortably; he was fine with maybe telling their mum about that, but he didn't think dad needed to know today. Harry huffed a little and shook her head with a wry smile. "I'd surely not bring my wife to another family gathering. Hasn't Johnny here not told you why I'm leaving the sibling duty to him today? I wouldn't call anyone in the family a liberal, that's all i can say to that."
Sherlock reluctantly opened the door for John, before turning away, not acknowledging John's presence otherwise as he walked back into the kitchen, while he pressed his teeth together hard. He really didn't trust himself to speak to him right now. He just couldn't believe what John had done. Walking past the letter that was still lying open on the table, he opened the fridge, pouring himself a glass of wine with blood, hoping that'd cool down his fury a little while he completely ignored the other man.
"Can you walk or do I need to call a nurse?" Dr Moran asked him with a raised eyebrow as he stood up himself.
"Well, I'm glad I'm dating more or less adult you then." Sherlock said and leant over to steal himself a kiss, before he stood up, "Anyway, I'll get going then, you need the laptop? Or should I bring it back into the living room?" he asked.
"Yeah." Sherlock said and frowned a bit, "Ten adoptions in 30 years. That's a lot if you consider the fact that barely anyone knows about the orphanage and they'd probably try to avoid having non vampires adopt vampires since they'd have to tell those people about those kids."
Sherlock smiled, giving a small nod, "I should probably go and get rid of the two litres of blood in the bathroom though.." he said and chuckled a little, "Bit of a waste, actually." he said with a chuckle.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile at that, "Hm.. I kind of figured you would.. but if we still call it sneaking I don't sound all that irresponsible." he said and chuckled a little, "I think to sum it up, we can say that all of us will need some more time fall completely into the family routine. But so far.. I think we're doing a pretty good job." he said and smirked at her, "You know that you can talk to us about rules or whatever else that annoys you, right? I mean.. it still goes, we're all in it for life. There's nothing that'd make us send you back. For John and me you're our daughter. Period." he said and couldn't help but laugh, "No pun intended."
"Hm, I might be a little biased too, I'm afraid." John said with a chuckle. "I mean they're both really nice, but I haven't had tea with Mrs. Turner yet, so I'd probably go with Mrs Hudson too." He said with a smirk and ate some of the lasagne. "But in the end I like them both."
"Not that I know of." Sherlock said and looked at John, who had been the one calling them, "Did they mention something?" he asked.
Only once it was time for Richard to go over to his son's house nervousness really caught up with him, he really didn't know what he was supposed to tell him, really how could one explain something like this. David had every right to be mad at him, he just really hoped that someday his son could forgive him. Arriving at David's house, he hesitantly knocked at the door, waiting for David to open the door.
"Goodnight. See you in a few hours." Sherlock said softly, wrapping his arms a little tighter around John and closing his eyes as well to catch a few hours of sleep.
John almost started to laugh out loud, but Amy had less self-restraint than him and began to giggle a little. Sally gave him and icy smile and rose to her feet. "I'm just used to not treating children differently from each other." With that she turned to Violet. "See you tonight then." Violet nodded at that. "Of course, Sally. Bye" She told her not unkindly.
Sherlock took a breath, "Well.. when I served with him.. he got severely injured at some point. He would have died, I knew that.. and so.. I turned him." he said and bit his lip, "And that's where my part in the story ends, I don't want to say too much, he should explain it to you yourself. John and I just wanted to let you know that he's alive before he actually comes to see you. If you want that, I mean.."
"Mmh, Harry and I should visit them all again sometime. It's almost infuriating how all those years we we were this close to meeting up with them." Clara sighed and shook her head. "Anyway, isn't it your turn now?"
John immediately turned around to look at the skull on the mantle; he'd always thought Sherlock had just named it after himself. With a bit of a disbelieving chuckle he looked back at Sherlock. "Jesus Christ... Wait, Isn't that the name of a bloke in pirates of the Caribbean?"
"No, aren't they made of glass?" Rosie asked and looked into John's box, "Oh, but those are wood!" she chirped and smiled, lifting one of the balls out of the box. "Well, my brother and I made them when we were little." Sherlock said, returning from the kitchen. "It's difficult to make them perfectly round, but if you like we can try to make some when you're a little older, since we have to use really sharp knifes."
John went over to the shed and knocked first (after the way Sherlock had looked, it was probably a good idea not to burst right into a making out session or whatever they were doing in there) A courtesy second later, he opened the door.
"Took some self control after a few glasses of champagne, but no I haven't said a word about it." Sherlock said and smiled, leaning up to peck John's lips, he was still enjoying the fact that he hadn't had to rinse his mouth after drinking blood anymore.
"Yeah, really old!" Ally said and frowned, "Mummy how old are you?" she asked and looked at her mother.
"Whoa..." Charlie grinned a bit. "That'd be an awesome consolation gift."
Charlie grinned at that, happy to talk to another woman about boys. This was gonna be great. "Yeah, definitely, he's amazing!" "You can put your bags down in the living room. We've already made your makeshift beds." Clara said with a smile. They were rather piles of blankets and pillows on the fluffy carpet than actual beds, but they should do.
"Oi.." Sherlock said and gave John a smile, "He was being a cock.. or lets say an annoying cock.. being a cock is generally the way he is." he said and rolled his eyes, "Anyway we're getting sidetracked, I wish we could just lure that girl into a sort of trap.. I would love to talk to her."
John chuckled a bit at that. "The problems we have... I still can't wrap my head around that by the way." He said and ate a forkful of his bloodless lasagne. "I mean, I know you're my grandfather because you haven't changed since the photographs, but with Sherlock i just know we share a chemistry course. Just comparing the way you two interact with the way Sherlock and dad did is strange, if you think about it."
"Erm, no. Hadn't come up yet apparently." John said, frowning a little himself. In fairness though, their flat was a bit of a clutter, so it was easy to overlook things. "So you actually play the violin, yeah?"
"Jesus, I don't even want to think about that." John said with a smiliar expression, before laughing a little. "Alright, that we can talk about." He said and came up behind Sherlock to wrap his arm around him when he stood up; Sherlock had seemed as if he wanted John closer than usual to him today and he was happy to oblige.
"Mmh, couldn't just let the whole day pass without enjoying the view once." John said with a smile. "Did you have a nice shower?"
Jim started getting back to his senses a few minutes... Were they still in the library? How boring, ugh. After a moment, he stumbled back onto his feet to go somewhere else.
"It's not awful, but I agree that it does make me feel like I'm younger than him sometimes. I really don't feel like there's that big age gap between us most of the time." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "You'll know what I mean soon enough, did they already tell you that you'll stop ageing once you're about 18-20 years old?" he asked, figuring that even if they hadn't told her about that yet, she could deal with that.
"Yeah, that'd be a nice thing to have." Charlie said and looked out of the window, wondering if it'd snow this year... "By the way, can I ask you for your opinion on something Sherlock?" She asked after a moment, looking back to him again.”
"That's true. And soon our family can hopefully join that list." John said with a bit of a smile, before turning a little to Sherlock. "I think Harry would take it probably by far the best actually, don't you agree"
"I'm sure he does.. he talks about it sometimes, but he wasn't sure how to pull it off.. or if your dad would even want to see him again after he'd been away for so long.. and of course.. there's that thing with all of you being sceptics." he said and laughed, "I really think we should tell your father what I am first, before we even mention your grandfather."
"Thanks, love."John smiled and returned to Sherlock's side to begin and open his shirt's buttons, already drawing him into another kiss; he'd had some practice undoing buttons and kissing at the same time, just that it usually had been blouses.
"No, she got away." John said with a frustrated sigh. "I didn't even get a look at her face." He said and walked back. "How are Charlie and Ron?"
John sighed himself then. "Okay, I think I've got a grasp now. It wasn't as obvious to me." He replied dryly, before picking up the stack of papers to go through them himself. "So what do you suggest we do next? Wait until... Chloe turns 18 and wants to adopt?"
"Oh they'd find a way." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I even found a way to live with a man back in regency times when I was in love for the first time and that was much more difficult than it'd be for a lovestruck boy to get from the orphanage to Baker Street." he chuckled.
"Really? Why did you come today then?" Charlie asked, not quite understanding why David avoided Emma's look and why they hadn't visited John and Sherlock yet; they'd been here for about two months now after all.
"You're welcome. And it's just your hair. Not like you've asked for a tattoo or piercing, which is a no for both. Not going to happen. It's gonna last forever and unlike other people, you can actually take that literally. There's no way you won't eventually get sick of it. Tattoos definitely are only for people with just one lifetime ahead." he said and chuckled.
David swallowed and got to his feet, once he heard the knock on the door. This was it then. Up until the moment he opened the door, he'd had a slight bit of doubt left about this all being a big prank. But Christ, that really was his father standing in front of him. No doubt about it. Looking as if he'd never left. It took him a few seconds, before he could clear his throat and speak, his voice sounding rougher than usual. "Hello, Richard."
"Bye, have fun!" Charlie said with a smile and John took Sherlock's hand to walk with him outside. "You too. Sleep well."
"Yeah, he's been taking good care of me the past few days." John said with a nod which made Vanessa smile. "I believe that. Now, how about the Watson-Holmes get their bags and the Berkeleys help?" She asked their girls.
"A milkshake sounds good." Charlie said with a smile, taking her plate. It was so cool that Ron's dad owned this place.
"Yeah, I was." John said with a nod. "I think I might've even suggested she get those when we were talking about that." He said and got two glasses out of the cupboard with one hand, giving Sherlock's with the other a squeeze. "I'm glad you're thinking about those things now though."
Returning with two glasses of slightly bloodier than usual bloody marys, Sherlock sat down again, handing John a glass, "We have to turn that thing on." he said after a moment of thought, watching the microphone as he nipped on his glass. "Maybe we can have some simple small talk when it's on, pretend you're leaving, you wait downstairs while John and I grumble something about going to bed, before we follow you and we'll go into my landlady's flat. She isn't home for the weekend and I'm sure she wouldn't mind." he suggested with a shrug, "I know this sounds complicated, but whoever is behind all of this is probably already waiting for the mic to come on. It would be suspicious if you wouldn't turn it on soon and.." Sherlock sighed, "We owe you an explanation.. because you might as well be in danger too now.. those people.. there's no telling what they do."
Sherlock chuckled, "No, I didn't, actually.. I really think it's important that your parents like me.. if I wouldn't think so, I probably wouldn't have told my parents about Victor and me back then. Not that it would have stopped me if they wouldn't have been fine with it, but I didn't want to draw conclusions and lose my family because I thought I could know how they'd react.. the thing is, you never do."
Emma smiled, nodding, "Oh yes. Your father has been alright too.. after a couple of days." she said and chuckled, "We had Harry and Clara over, you know." she said with a bright smile, clearly happy to be on good terms with her daughter again, "And Clara is lovely, David thinks so too." she hummed as she led them into the house.
"Not even Lock knew that!" Amy said, visibly impressed by the other girl. "What about zebras?" She asked, figuring Rosie had to be an animal expert - or a tiger keeper. She wasn't quite sure which one was cooler.
"I don't want to confuse your sense of time more than it already is." Sherlock said and smiled at John as he returned from the bathroom where he had poured the orange juice into the sink and had refilled the glasses with some blood from the mini bar. "It's 2.30, not breakfast time, but you need a bit more... juice." he said, feeling like calling it blood wouldn't exactly distract him from the fact that he was drinking.. well... blood.
"Mainly because of safety concerns, don't want you to have an additional barrier in the way in case of a fire or something." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "And well, hope you don't mind that too much, but your room is much closer to Rosie's so if she's scared at night, she should be able to come in and snuggle up to you? I mean.. we can tell her to come downstairs to us if you would mind that, of course."
"Yes, how about 3pm? Mr. Watson, we'll talk at a later time then. Goodbye" She said with a nod and held out her hand, which he shook. John nodded and stood up. "Yes, thank you for your time."
"I could use one of the lamps downstairs as a weapon." Fay commented, though she did like it that he seemed to be taking her more seriously now. "I'm a creative person. A hairbrush won't give me a lot more options."
Sherlock chuckled, "No, we'll make plans and wait with acting on them until I've talked John into it." he said and chuckled, "It's all rather reasonable and it's just preparing you for emergencies." he said and gave a little shrug, "Oh and sure I can teach you judo."
"Yeah, just like keeping any kinds of human body parts at home. I genuinely don't think we should let them, and especially not Clara, look around the kitchen at all." John said with a laugh and checked a compartment in the fridge. "Be warned by the way, you know I'll throw those eyeballs away the day they turn." He commented, closing the fridge door. After some back and forth they had eventually compromised that John would be allowed to dispose of everything /dangerously/ hazardous in the flat.
"Mmh," Violet hummed and glanced over to him. "Well, I'm very glad the girls didn't just act like that when everyone in our family was around." She said. "How do you think does John feel about everything going on at home?"
Sherlock grinned, stuffing his phone back into his pocket without texting Harry, "Yeah.. I doubt that." he said and sighed, "And yeah, it's very likely you'll meet him soon. He'll make sure of that. But now lets focus on something more interesting. Your flat." he said and realised he had actually never seen it. Somehow they always went to his own flat before.
"No, he's fine. He wants me to tell you that everything's alright, but that he wants you to stay in your room just to be safe. He'll meet you tomorrow as usual at the shed and will explain everything." John repeated.
"Well, I suppose so. It'd be for their own safety, wouldn't it?" John said and looked at Sherlock; this wasn't exactly what he'd imagined his second year of med school would look like. Funny, in his last job interview he'd said he loved to take on responsibility. "And with you working at the orphanage most days, I think we could do it."
John chuckled at that the eye roll and nodded empathetically. "Yeah, what a sod. How dare he?" He poured some of the wine into the sauce. "And why did he ask you; Is that just a thing you do? Getting people off murder charges, I mean."
"I do hope you're always hungry for me, though.." Sherlock said with a smirk, pouring another half glass, downing it in one go, just to speed things up a bit, before he grabbed the mouthwash, rinsing his mouth.
John smirked at that, before placing another soft kiss onto his boyfriend's lips for good measure. "Here, that'll bridge the time till the next little peck." He chuckled, before drawing back with a sigh.
"Alright." William said and leant back against the cold wall, "Is there any chance I could get some sort of bathing robe or anything? It's rather chilly in here." he asked.
"Yeah, we were just sitting here. Didn't do anything exciting at all without you." Charlie said, shaking head and holding back a chuckle, before giving her a quick update. "John's arrived a moment ago though. He's in the kitchen right now to get some juice."
"Oh... okay." John said, visibly relieved they didn't have to deal with a pet anytime soon. "And where is Viktor right now?"
"Yeah, but.. no offence, I'm actually more interested in the inside of people's minds than the... well their insides, but medicine is mandatory before you can go there." Ron said and shrugged, "I mean.. I'm not fussy about getting in contact with blood or anything, but.. yeah still not really my kind of thing."
"I wanna see it!" Rosie called right after the camera flashed and Sherlock chuckled, "We can print it for you, so you can take it home, how does that sound?" he asked as he walked with Rosie over to the camera to look at the photo.
Sherlock sighed, "Yeah.. it's just cruel to do it to anyone and just.. leave them to figure it out themselves as an adult and especially as a child. When you're an adult you at least have a chance to figure out what you need eventually." he said and looked at John's glass, "You should drink some more, it really will get better the more you drink."
"Well, vampirism sure has it's upsides." Richard said and frowned, "With you even doctors were surprised how fast you usually fought off illnesses, you were never sick for more than a week and never in any severe form.. So I suppose it wears off over the next generations." Richard said with a frown.
"See, that's a useful life lesson." Charlie chuckled, before leaning with her side against the couch and letting out a sigh. "Why are adults so cruel though? It's infuriating. I mean... I know for a fact that most children don't have any sense of empathy... but at least they don't pretend they do."
Sherlock chuckled a little, "You weren't, but I saw you hopping into his backyard. You think I didn't check who lives in this street and made sure that neither of them is a reason to be worried, before I let you go out on your own?" he asked and smirked. "Ron, right?" he asked and smiled at his daughter.
"We did actually. Senectus we called called him, which literally comes from the Latin word for old. He claimed to be thousands of years old at the time and of divine lineage." Janine said and rolled her eyes. "A lot of it was probably for show in hindsight. I ran away from there too soon to get into the core of the cult, but one of the people I got to meet there said he'd been about one hundred at the time."
"Mmh, yeah, that's quite a lot for you as it is." John said with a weak smile. "You know, I think we two should get out of London together for a while. After all of this, I mean, and when we've both got a break from uni."
"Yeah, let's go." John nodded and knocked on the door. A few seconds later Mrs. Hope's voice called them inside and he opened the door. "Ah, there you are. Good to see you again. Please sit down."
"Alright, but don't forget the honey." Charlie reminded him with a smirk before going into their fathers' bedroom.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile, snuggling up to his fiancé, "You look like you could really need a break." he said and chuckled, "Maybe I'll just abduct you tomorrow and take you to Paris for a few days." he said, letting it sound like a joke.
Sherlock couldn't help but laugh at that, "Sorry, it's just.. it's not funny that you went through that, I just finally know where Mycroft got it from." he said and smirked.
John pulled back to look at Sherlock, watching his face. "Are you alright by the way?" He asked, because even though John couldn't speak from personal experience, but he figured that being confronted with someone so close to his dead husband wasn't an easy thing to wrap your head around.
John's smile widened once they were inside and he could smell the food in the oven. "Bloody hell, that smells delicious! Two days ago I wouldn't have thought, I'd be looking forward to pasta or noodles that much."
"Me too." Sherlock murmured, glancing up at John, "You know.. I just realised that this will only be the first of many weddings.." he said with a laugh. "We will eventually have to do it again, if we want to keep it official." he said and frowned, despite the many times he had gotten a new identity he had never thought about that before. "Well only when we want to pass ourselves off as underage, that is.. if we pretend to be older than 18 we can simply fake marriage papers along with the rest."
Janine had to chuckle. "No one should have that much power. But it's good to know up there's at least one vampire who's on our side."
"That sounds really fast!" Rosie said and Ally nodded, getting outside and taking Rosie's other hand, "Cars are always fast!" Ally said and Rosie nodded, tightly holding the younger girls' hands as she waited for the other adults to get out of the car.
"Well yeah.. and while we're on the subject.. I'm not a stalker either." Ron said and pulled his sketchbook out again, holding it out for the other girl to look at it properly. "I just thought you'd be fun to draw." he said and frowned, shaking his fringe out of his face, "That sounds wrong too.. you're just.. pretty." he said and inwardly rolled his eyes about himself. "Aaanyway.. how about we rewind a bit and start off on a less creepy-stalker-ish note?" he asked, standing up and holding out his hand, unsure if it was to shake the girl's or to help her climb down the fence - maybe both. "I'm Ron." he said with a smile.
"Oh wait." Sherlock said with a laugh and grabbed a couple of Janine's discarded hairpins lying on the table (she had taken them out a while ago), before he grabbed the thin white blanket that had been lying folded up next to him on the sofa. Walking over to Janine, he quickly made a makeshift toga out of it, fastening it with the hairpins, before using his scarf as a belt for her. "That's better" he said and chuckled, while Harry raised a brow at him, "Now Sherlock, you've got some hidden talent there." she said and Sherlock laughed, "Well, I've helped my best friend and my mother regularly with their dresses when I was little and I've got two little girls at home, what do you expect?" he asked with a grin.
Sherlock chuckled at that, moving to push John down onto the sofa and placing himself flat on top of him, "Should we lock the door? Just to be safe?" he asked, unable not to think that someone was going to walk in any minute.
"Sure, sit down. I'll be back in a minute." John said and shortly went into the bathroom to wash his hands. Once he was back, he took some rubber alcohol, before uncuffing and rolling up the left sleeve of Sherlock's shirt. "Okay, clench your fist." He instructed, taking out a tourniquet out of the bag and securing it on Sherlock's upper arm, before looking up at Sherlock again. "Must've been a while since you've been through that routine." He commented.
"Sounds good to me." John said and got into the car. "I mean, you could also just give me fashion advice." Charlie said with a snicker. "Yeah, I'm definitely sticking with camera duty." He said with s chuckle.
John watched quietly as the skin on his finger grew back, quite stunned for a good while. "That is incredible. And my cut's almost healed, so thank you for that." He said, glancing back at his finger incredulously. He'd expected this to happen, but it had still taking him by surprise apparently.
"Mmh, yeah, we really do a bit." John said and smiled a bit sadly, knowing where they were going to bring her back in less than an hour. "If you click on this picture there, then we can print it out, alright?"
"John?"
"No." Fay said immediately, before she could even wonder why he'd even offered that for her. She was 17 years old, not 7. "Just give me a hairbrush. Just because I've failed today doesn't mean I'm incompetent." She said and John returned from the kitchen with another bottle of blood, ready to take her downstairs.
David's eyebrows shot up and at once he was sitting much straighter in his chair, visibly upset. "Hang on, Harriet has what?!" Which bastard had turned his daughter, when he knew she hadn't been ill?
Rosie nodded excitedly, "Yeah! And then Charlie said she kissed Lowell!" she said and snickered, scrunching up her nose a little and Sherlock literally just gaped at his youngest daughter.
Charlie nodded. "Yeah, can you believe it?" She said with a grin. "He's really cool, you know. He draws, likes Harry Potter and he's been really sweet with Rosie." She told them. "He even wants to  practice some magic tricks for her."
John followed close behind and cleared his throat to let her know of his presence. Fay stayed stlll as he cut through the plastic, though her hands immediately reached up to get that gag out of her mouth; it was degrading. Meanwhile her eyes searched the room and she remained on the ground. What had he just put on that bed?
"Go ahead." Sherlock said, already rolling up his sleeve, he had actually been about to suggest that the moment Paul had said it.
"For once... I actually don't know what to say.." Sherlock said and blinked at her, before looking at John, patting his back a little, "Are you alright?" he asked, frankly quite glad to have John's cough as a distraction because the situation gave him a headache.
John began to brush his thumb over Sherlock's back a bit. "I know, love and so am I. That's why we've taken them in in under a week, work on catching this network that's threatening them, won't leave them alone at any time, get them phones with GPS, ... see where I'm going here? We have to draw the line somewhere and we are already doing a lot about their safety. I also haven't forgotten about your brother and what he might do behind the scenes, mind you." John said and sighed. "The only actual thing left is keeping from them how worried we are about them and not having them feel like they're hiding. Agreed?"
Charlie smiled a bit, visibly relieved and happy, before remembering something. "So you're not mad at me for anything and there's nothing on my tally anymore?" She asked him just to double-check. Or well, she hoped that in case he actually had forgotten about that promise thing, he wouldn't be able to bring that up anymore, if he said yes now.
"Yes.. I.. I figured." Violet said, slowly feeling the shock fade away as she stepped forwards and hugged Sherlock, who's arms went around her in return immediately, "Oh my god, you have no idea how much I've missed you." she said and now did start to cry, "I've missed you too.." Sherlock said, resting his head against her shoulder, sniffling a little himself. "I just.. I can't believe it.." Sherlock said and looked at John, "Are there any more family members of mine married to yours, you better tell me now, because you better tell me now, because I don't know how many more of those shocks I can take at this point." he chuckled.
"Well... I did plan to cook for you... I was planning to invite you for dinner after the museum, you know.. as the second date.. but.. that turned out quite different from what I expected.. I'd still like to punch Mycroft for ruining it." Sherlock said and shook his head as he got out a pot to make the roux.
"Good thinking." Sherlock said and stole himself another kiss, before he walked around the car to get in.
