Steve resisted with an effort the urge to roll his eyes. Tony came onto their prospective new coworker the same way he came onto women, and Logan was definitely in a different class than the girls Tony tended to sucker into bed. "I realize your past experiences with the government might not have all been positive, but that doesn't mean that working with us can't be. SHIELD is a little more... um... avant garde." It was the way Clint liked to put it, anyway, and it sounded as good as anything else. "Director Fury asked us to come and speak with you. We don't do a lot of direct recruiting. Actually, this is the first time since the Avengers initiative went live. That means you're something special, and that's saying something with the roster we've got," Steve added with a bright smile. To say they were a motley crew would have been kind. They were a bizarre collection of freaks and rejects that for reasons Steve would probably never understand were closer than any unit he'd ever been a part of despite spending so much time scattered to the winds between missions.
Clint raised an eyebrow, then nodded and sighed. "Yeah, yeah. Living in Fury's dry zone. I notice he never cuts Tony Stark off," the archer pouted. "So, since Logan might suspect something if I show up and hang out in his suite, any ideas how we're gonna watch him?"
Logan shook his head. "They got enough of a picture," Logan decided, pushing himself to his feet. "When they figure it out... If they do, then we can talk with 'em. Otherwise, they can stay outta our business." Logan was starting to get irritated with the whole situation. While he hadn't exactly expected SHIELD to give him all their secrets, he couldn't help but feel that Fury's cloak and dagger routine was a little counterintuitive when it came to holding a team together.
Steve wasn't sure how he felt about that comment, but he searched Tony's face, taking comfort in the sight alone, and finally nodded. "Okay." For the moment he was having trouble worrying about anything but the fact that he wanted to hold Tony so much he couldn't see straight. He wanted to assure himself that it wasn't a mirage, and stolen touches with metal in the way wasn't doing it. In his ear, Jarvis was saying something about notifying Pepper. "Yes, go ahead, Jarvis. Thank you." Steve barely took his eyes off of Tony as they walked. "You're alive."
Steve just barely fought off the urge to curse. It wouldn't be professional, and it wouldn't be helpful, so he swallowed the impulse. He hated the idea of Tony being chained to the lab, but he knew it was the best scenario. Their chance - their only chance - was Bruce and Tony figuring something out to give them an edge.
Just thinking about it made Natasha edgy, though she hid the reaction well. The only tell was a sideways glance at Clint as if to reassure herself that he was there and safe and himself.
"Mr. Stark, you seem to be having difficulty focusing." In truth, Tony seemed to be using his discomfort to avoid the questions. That wouldn't do. His superiors had been very clear about what they wanted to hear, about what they thought it would take to break the man they were really putting on the show for. Moving in until Tony couldn't ignore him, the Soldier's voice dropped, and his hand came to rest just below the reactor on Tony's chest before trailing down. "We know you ended things with Miss Potts. We know your interests don't lie with women alone, so why do you continue denying what you feel?"
"Oh..." It made a lot more sense when he thought of the whole thing in those terms. Loki wasn't a petulant child acting out at a family who hadn't given him the attention he wanted: he was a spurned lover whose heart had been shattered. Add in the family drama, and it wasn't difficult to see where he'd started down the wrong path. Steve sighed and felt the first creeping notes of sympathy winding through him. "Makes it harder than I'd like to hate the guy. Right now it would be a whole lot easier to hate him. It's hard to believe Thor would be so cold."
"Guess it wouldn't be. Coulson's not holding an actual leash," Tony observed, smirking when Clint had the decency to blush.
Scott's voice broke in over the comm, "He's about a quarter of a mile due west of you based on what security cameras in the area are saying."
Scott laughed at that. "I look like a mess. So do you. I like it." He dragged Logan into a sloppy, lazy kiss. "Let's go to bed." The idea of curling up next to Logan and getting some well deserved rest sounded like heaven after the hellish days and weeks. "I honest to god can't think of anywhere I'd rather be."
Clint shrugged, showing another few cracks in his bravado. "I guess," he allowed. It was hard to think of himself as a hero. After SHIELD picked him up, he'd done most of his work in the shadows. Before that, he'd hardly been on the up-and-up. First a circus, then a band of mercenaries. None of it had conditioned him to think of himself as any better than a man who did his mission, then packed up and disappeared into the shadows. No accolades. No praise. No one ever knew. The Chitauri incident had definitely tilted his world on its ear. He looked around, noting the few people wandering the park in the middle of the afternoon. "It doesn't feel that way. I feel like I might've just barely made up for all the damage I did when Loki..." His voice gave and he fixed his eyes on the pond again, trying to keep himself calm.
Tony had to bite both lips to keep from laughing out loud; probably a bad idea with abdominal stitches. "C-can't imagine why," he said, though the huge grin on his face said the exact opposite. "I think you got off lucky. I mean, only getting two weeks of teasing. Then again, he might've been afraid you'd actually punch him."
The words spoken in such a dark growl had Steve gasping even before Tony started to fuck him open. Steve clutched at the sheets and rocked carefully back against his lover. "Tony, it... Tony..." There weren't any words, really, and Steve gave up trying to find them. He knew there was a distinct chance he'd regret what they were doing the next time he tried to sit down too fast, but he didn't care. "You feel so good," he finally panted.
Logan's eyes took a moment to adjust to the considerably darker surroundings. He felt his way around. Smooth, concrete walls. Bars on one side. //Vietnam.// He shook himself. //What about Vietnam?// No, he'd just been at a zoo. "Widow? Hawkeye?" Claws still readied, he scented the air. He could tell Nat was near. As his eyes adjusted, he caught sight of the woman and reached out for her. "You alright?"
Though Loki's lip curled in distaste, he didn't bother countering the words. The longer it all drew on, the more tired he felt. Being locked in a cell with no company but some books and the howls of other inmates had been hell. As it turned out, his stronghold on Midgard was simply another sort of a cell with another sort of inmate. "Perhaps not," he almost whispered, gaze dropping to the bed as he considered that idea. "Perhaps this is all pointless. Perhaps that doesn't matter. I think that you and I both know there are only so many ways for this to end. None of them are particularly favorable for me, so it seems in my best interest to enjoy the things I can while I'm still able to do so. Good company, for example."
It hurt enough for a beat that Darien found blackness swimming at the edges of his vision. It would have been easy to pass out, but he didn't want to miss anything. Instead he took a deep breath and surfaced again with a low groan. The sound was lost in Clint's mouth. It didn't matter. Clint didn't need to hear him to know he was getting off on every last shift of the man's body. His own hard cock trapped between them made it clear that he loved it. It hurt like hell, but it also drove him half crazy with pleasure. Darien's whole body burned from the inside out.
Logan could hear the discussion over the rest of the bar, and he raised an eyebrow, wondering now if it was just par for the course for the Avengers to have random threesomes. He glanced at Scott. "Guess we snuck out with the wild bunch," he observed with a smirk.
Tony had sucked in a breath as the cold tile hit his back, but it was worth it to have his lover pressed so tightly against him. "Did it a long time before I came along," Tony reminded his lover gently, brushing their noses together before tugging at Steve's lower lip with his teeth. "But I'll do my best to stick around. Don't wanna miss out on anything," he assured quietly, his fingers trailing over his lover's flanks. "Can't make any promises, but I always find a way out, remember?"
"Giving up so easily?" Tony teased as Steve's hands moved away from his jeans. He managed to wriggle free of them without breaking his lover's grip, kicking them away and then pulling their bodies closer together. The billionaire pulled Steve into another slow kiss, shifting this way and that, slowly and subtly herding Steve toward the end of the couch. Remembering how Steve had enjoyed a bit of rough play earlier, Tony clasped his hand firmly on the back of the blonde's neck and bent him over the arm of the couch, immediately pressing his swelling cock to the blonde's ass. He grabbed Steve's jeans down to his knees, using his foot to push Steve's a little further apart as he leaned in to nip at his ear and whisper, "You said we should christen the couch, right?"
"Alright, it's a deal then," Tony agreed, parking his expensive sports car. "You know what that means, don't you? You're going to owe me one."  He smiled and clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder, noting the mass of coiled muscle beneath his palm. "Don't worry - your undying admiration will suffice." Stepping out of the vehicle, Tony joined Steve on the other side and led him into the house. Almost at once Jarvis' voice welcomed him home and acknowledged Steve as well. "Make yourself at home while I slip into something a little more comfortable." Tony paused, regarding the other man thoughtfully for a moment. "Care to borrow some of my clothes? If you want to shed that monkey suit, you're more than welcome to."
The feeling of Logan rocking hard into him left Scott gasping and wanting more. He met Logan's gaze. Scott lost himself in the vibrant hazel of Logan's eyes and the fact that they were actually looking into one another's. He wasn't hidden behind lenses, shielded from and apart from everyone and everything. Being exposed was still difficult in the field. It still felt too vulnerable. With Logan it felt like perfection. Maybe it was because he'd spent so long hiding and holding back that being with someone so blissfully unleased suited him. Not that it mattered either way. It just was. "And you're the sexiest person I've ever gone to bed with. Possibly ever seen."
"Mmm, maybe," Steve allowed as he melted into the embrace. Reluctantly, he leaned over and turned the water on. "I do need a shower first." Showering just to get more disgusting was questionable, but that didn't mean that it was a bad idea. "You need to do something about those suits. Sweaty. Also, I think every inch of me is bruised." He paused and allowed, "Okay, that may be partially my fault for being pretty bad with the thrusters." Even as he began to kiss his way down the side of Tony's neck, he muttered, "Saw your first go 'round with them, though. Comforting."
The gravity of the words sunk in quickly, and Steve sighed. “Can he stay close to me? I mean, can I stay close to him? He said you wanted to put him somewhere secure-”
"Yeah. No place like home. Let's go," Logan said, obviously relieved as he gestured for Natasha to go first.
"That may be how rumors get started, but denying them is how they spread," Natasha answered smoothly as they took a seat at the first open table they found. She ate quietly to better hear the buzz around them. Everything was pretty standard, and she let herself relax. At least the medical staff was being as discreet as they were supposed to be for now. By the end of the day - likely the end of their closed-door meeting - the rest of the Tower would probably know. "Looks like we may not have to kill anyone just yet. Or injure them. Oh, well. At least it means we won't be late to the meeting."
Coulson led the charge to the kitchen and started a pot of coffee before he observed, “They could find someone else. I could hand him over to a junior agent and be done with it, but Captain Rogers asked me to look after him, and honestly I think a friendly face will do more good right now.” He could see the lines of tension in Clint’s shoulders and the set of his jaw. “Besides, how much trouble can I get in when you’re watching over me?” Coulson gathered up two mugs, some creamer, and a pot of sugar. “Speaking of which, you don’t actually have to do that. It’s... “ He searched for the right words to convey how he felt and finally admitted, “It’s comforting, actually, but you don’t have to do it.”
She looked them over with a frown. "You are SHIELD?" she inquired, uncertain but obviously unwilling to have made the trip for nothing despite spotting no familiar faces in the crowd.
The dirty talk and the sight of Scott completely lost in pleasure was too much for Logan's control. He growled his pleasure, hooking his arms under Scott's shoulders and pounding into him. Well beyond rationality, he fucked Scott mercilessly, biting at the man's throat and jaw as he lay claim to his lover. His desire for the man was indescribably powerful. He hadn't realized how badly he'd wanted Scott until the man had pounced on him the night before, and even then he'd well underestimated the effect the man could have on him.
"Speaking of which, I'd like to keep things professional at the office. Stark can get away with playing fast and loose with HR guidelines, but I do have a reputation. It may not be flashy, but it's mine." Phil couldn't help but smile as he reached out to run his fingers over Clint's arm. The casual contact was thrilling. That he could have it almost whenever he wanted was even more thrilling. "Besides that, I've never had to send someone off to possibly get killed when I had feelings for them or at least… well, you know what I mean." His throat tightened at the thought. "If you kiss me before you walk out the door, I might not let you walk out the door."
"He's a good guy," Steve assured, though he wondered if 'good' was something that Logan looked for in his friends. Steve didn't bother asking Tony if he was coming along. He'd either treat this meeting like most of the meetings he skipped or he'd insist on coming along to drive the rest of them crazy. It could go either way, and Steve wasn't in the mood to waste his breath guessing.
"Is nowhere that is else," J returned, looking irked.
Tony smiled, wriggled his finger for Steve to follow him, and sat down at the desk. "For starters, Google is your friend," he explained, setting Steve's home page for the web site. "Type in anything you want to search for, and..." Tony clicked some keys, "presto!" A page filled with links to various Iron Man pages came up, and Tony folded his arms across his chest and flashed a rather self-satisfied expression up at Steve. "Feel free to peruse any of these, my friend. No nudes of yours truly, but you might find a few fakes. There's sites out there for that kind of thing."
Darien stared blankly for a moment and finally nodded. "I'm guessing the political answer is no, but I think you already know the answer anyway, and I'm not looking to take an extra knife to the throat today." He looked around at the carnage and tried to breathe deeply. Freaking out around a crazy person would be bad. Being an asshole to a crazy person would be even worse. Finally Darien settled for asking the most obvious question on his mind, "So are you a good ninja or a bad ninja?"
“Maybe we can do this again tomorrow?” He knew it was probably too much too soon, but Steve couldn’t help wanting to spend as much time as possible with Tony. Now that they were on speaking terms and, more than that, had something like the potential for a real future ahead of them, Steve was eager to keep Tony close. “If you don’t have other plans. Maybe in your apartment next time?” Steve knew that Bucky would probably be home sooner rather than later. He also knew Tony wasn’t ready to deal with that on any level.
Tony felt his heart thump with fear at the words. His weakness was keeping him relatively safe, but if Loki got tired of him, he really had no hope of saving his friends. Remembering that, he started toward where the bed was, steps slow and unsteady partly because he was still weak and partly because he didn't want to trip and fall right in front of the god when he was certain that it would do nothing less than entertain Loki. When his hands contacted the bed, Tony finally crawled into it. Laying down, he expected his mind to be swirling with too many thoughts and fears to let him sleep, but exhaustion overrode everything, and he was out almost immediately.
"Wouldn't want you to fall out, sleeping beauty," the towering agent quipped before moving to take his own seat as the helicopter lifted off.
Tony said something into Steve's neck that was probably an objection to the idea, but otherwise stayed put. His ringtone for Fury - the Imperial March - resulted in another sound of protest before he finally reached down to rummage around and find his cell. He flipped it open on video - hoping to at least irritate Fury in return for interrupting his "moment" - and frowned into the camera. "Don't you do normal human things? Like sleep?"
Trembling fingers extended to touch the offered hand, and Tony shivered. It felt like his lover. He shifted closer, looking into those perfect blue eyes. Tony didn't have to work too hard to forget that it wasn't the man he'd confessed his love to. "Steve... love you, baby," he whispered, his voice trembling a little as he leaned in for a kiss.
"He'll be the one doing the most yelling, though." Tony shrugged. "Look on the bright side; the LGBT community has a new hero."
Logan grinned broadly. He liked this Sif lady already. "Hell no, you ain't," he agreed. He hadn't even understood half of what Sif had said, but he was ready to break some faces, and knowing Magneto was involved made him that much more anxious to do so.
"Scott... Nnn... fuck, yes," Logan rumbled, thrusting into his lover, his hands bracing on the wall to either side of Scott's chest. He pressed his forehead to the wall beside Scott's head, reveling in the press of their bodies and the scent of sweat and sex that filled his senses. It was difficult to keep any sense of rationality about him as only thoughts of fucking Scott filled his mind. The man had an effect on Logan that was truly primal, and it was everything Logan could do to keep his wits in any sense when Scott was wrapped around him in every sense of the word.
"It would be a dangerous balance to strike," Coulson agreed in the same bland tone. The truth was that he wouldn't have changed Clint's attitude for the world even if the man could drive him up the wall at times. Stakeouts with Barton were an exercise in slow, painful torture, and yet he had often found himself looking forward to their missions together. They both had problems, but they also worked well together. "That's the downside of always wearing a suit. No one notices how nice you look because you always look fantastic."
"I feel special. I'd feel more special if you came back with a burger and wearing nothing but a bow," Tony pointed out, tugging Steve close again. He stretched upward - tugging on stitches that reminded him how bad an idea that was - and nibbled at Steve's throat. He knew he was probably pushing his lover's tolerance for PDA and public appropriateness, but it was damn hard to keep his hands off the other man so long as Steve was within arm's reach.
Though it physically hurt to say it, Phil sighed and promised, "I won't do anything purposefully. Protecting you is kind of my hobby, though, in case you haven't noticed. It's hard to turn off." He continued stroking Clint's hair, willing the man to calm himself, to breathe, to let it go for a moment. He needed to relax. They both did. They needed to block it out. When they got back, they could fall apart and talk to a shrink and hide from the world, do whatever they needed to do to really process it. In the meantime, Phil intended to keep Clint plastered against his side as much as possible and try to pretend they were safe. "Just be right here, right now. Right now, you're with me. In this moment, you're safe, and I'm here."
"Right, yeah," Steve agreed, feeling almost drunk himself although he hadn't even bothered attempting to drink alcohol on their excursion. When he saw the tight set of Logan's jaw and the way the man was pointedly looking away from them, he felt a rush of guilt. They'd all gone out together and Tony had started out as the third wheel. He knew very well exactly how awkward their circumstances had become thanks to the impromptu makeout session. "Hey, you about ready to get out of here?" Steve greeted Logan with an apologetic smile.
Steve finally managed to get himself under control and shifted until his forehead rested against Tony's. "Okay. You... you're all I want. You always are." He sounded more in control when he added, "I love you, Tony." Gentle hands rose to cup Tony's face, and Steve noted dimly that they looked more or less normal. He didn't care enough to examine the situation further. Tony mattered a hell of a lot more than whether the serum was really kicking in or not. "I'm glad you told me. I can't say I'm... I wish it hadn't ever happened. None of it. I wish we'd just given Clint the damn hammer and let him- but it happened. I'm glad you told me, and I'm glad... I'm so glad that... I'm glad that this is still what you want."
Intrigued by the new turn things were taking, the Soldier smirked and began to stroke in earnest. "Is that all? Just a quick fuck and done? Seems like a shame..." He could feel the man's pulse pounding through his cock, hear his breath speeding up. "There's nothing else you want?"
Perception was one of Clint's gifts. Maybe he had no superpowers per se, but a long life of marksmanship, combat training, and field experience had given him razor-sharp instincts when it came to details and signals. "You seem like you've got a lot on your mind," he noted. It was a subtle hint: you can talk or you can agree and leave it at that.
Loki bit back a retort. The truth was he didn't feel much like talking. The burning stretch of Victor's cock was good. It was even better combined with the renewed grip of his claws. Instead of calling the mutant out on his choice of words, Loki managed, "You talk far too much." Forehead pressed against his own arm as Victor drove into him, Loki pushed back, demanding more. Perhaps after they both took the edge off, something a bit less hurried might be enjoyable. If he decided not to throw Victor out of his room. //We'll see how the evening goes.//
Fitz lit up like a Christmas tree at the sight of Bruce by Jemma' side. "Brilliant! We were worried that, well, that you wouldn't- but, brilliant!"
Scott was glad to have permission. He fell back onto the couch and dragged Logan down on top of him. "I do. I really do. So what I need is somebody who can distract me." Scott looked up at Logan from beneath heavy-lidded eyes and challenged, "Think you can fuck the concentration out of me?" It was cheesy and stupid, but they needed a little bit of that after such an absolutely shit day.
Tony froze as the implication settled in. He'd been throwing himself on Loki's whims to protect two men who were well beyond the god's reach. "You son of a bitch," he hissed, swallowing against sudden nausea. "You manipulative son of a bitch!" It was all Tony could do to restrain himself from hitting the god. He knew it would do no real damage. Something else occurred to him, then, and he felt the blood drain from his face as he sagged against the wall. "Guess that means you're done with me, then," he said, trying not to sound as hopeless as he felt. Loki had just given up his leverage over Tony, and the billionaire hadn't forgotten the god's promise to dispose of him once he was no longer useful.
Clint gave Phil a mock look of betrayal. "Whose side are you on, anyway?" he asked, managing to look completely victimized. He couldn't keep the show up for long, though, with Phil holding him so nicely. He stretched up and kiss Phil's neck, up to the man's lips, lingering there a moment before he remembered they sort of had an audience. Blushing, he looked away. "Sorry. Impulse. And stuff." He leaned back to prop his head against Phil's shoulder, wrapping an arm around Nat's waist and being careful that his hand didn't wander higher or lower.
Steve couldn’t help grinning in response and tugging Tony into another kiss. It was soft and gentle, a promise without words. “In that case, I think we’ve officially come to an agreement. If he wore bolder or Tony was less fragile, Steve would have been sorely tempted to ask Tony to stay the night even if only to curl up together and stay close. Instead he offered, “Can I walk you back to your room?”
"Please," Tony said, waiting until the door was shut behind Phil before he looked into Steve's eyes again. He gently ran a hand down Steve's chest. The blankets and sheets over him padded the touch a little, but it wasn't hard to tell that there was much less of him there than before. "Steve, I don't know what you're thinking this means about us, but I have a feeling it's negative." He looked hard into the watery blue eyes. "Stop it. I'm not leaving you. I'm not gonna stop loving you, and I'm not gonna stop trying to get the serum back, but that's for you, not for me. You got it?"
Natasha stumbled happily inside, latching herself onto Logan again as soon as his shirt was gone. "Why do you even wear shirts?" she muttered, fingers running down his chest to explore the muscular planes. "You really shouldn't."
Natasha gave the same brief spiel she'd given to Logan. "Steve's in medical." She would think about how he was doing later. "I'll help you get him back to your quarters."
"If I wasn't busy having an aneurysm right now, I'm sure that would be comforting." The truth was that having a room full of people imagining him naked was bad. Having Clint Barton leering at him and doing the same was some new level of uncomfortable that Coulson was pretty sure they'd have to invent an entire new word to describe.
"This had better be good. I'm enjoying my favorite cocktail and Cap." There was a pause as Coulson relayed his request, then, "You people have really got to learn what 'personal space' means." Another awkward pause in which neither of the man said anything. "Fine. If you people will leave me alone." There was a quiet click as the connection was terminated from the other end.
Bruce watched the pair, a smile playing at his lips. He glanced at Tony as the man sipped at his coffee. "You realize, of course, you just made their day, right?" he asked quietly.
Tony watched the god quietly, chewing his food deliberately. "I think there might be a stick or two in the spokes of those wheels. Like the fact that the Avengers still have your hammer. Or that if the good guys up in Asgard aren't headed here to help us out, that Bruce and the wonder twins are already working on a way to get up there." He gestured accusingly at Loki with the apple in his hand. "You don't even believe your own hype." He was starting to pick up on the god's tics, and he'd seen the flash of uncertainty.
It was the answer he'd expected, and somehow that made Scott feel better. He still knew Logan. The feral mutant was still the ultimately trustworthy man who'd brought Rogue safely to Xavier's school without laying a hand on her and who had risked his life for the team more times than Scott could count. He let out a slow breath. Scott reached for Logan's hand with his free one and threaded their fingers together. "Good. And, y'know, if you happened to show up and crawl in bed with me too every now and then, I probably wouldn't mind."
A small drone buzzed in behind her, and Fitz proudly proclaimed, "We thought he might be able to get the gun for us without anyone having more contact."
Relieved, Steve followed at once, knowing Thor would do the same. He finally had hope to cling to, and Steve held it fast. They would get to Tony. They would arrive in time to save him further pain. They would fix this. Even as he repeated the words to himself, Steve wondered if there was any way they were true.
The suggestion, almost gentle considering who it came from, was enough like some of Steve's attempts to get Tony out of the lab after long days that his breath caught. It took a moment before he found his voice. "Yeah. I heard. That... it's a good idea. I could use a break. I'll meet you upstairs in a few minutes?" Steve knew that Logan was right. Pushing himself and not resting wasn't going to help anyone. Going back to his own room or to Tony's and being reminded of how lonely it was scared the hell out of him, though. "Some dinner sounds pretty good."
"No. You pay for look. Is dangerous, selling these. You pay, or you go to where else."
The archer swallowed hard. "What... what, exactly, would someone have to fear? If they'd used it. Hypothetically."
"Little of both," Phil answered honestly, kicking Clint's foot off of the rung of the stool in retaliation. "We started off going a hundred down the interstate, now we're backing it down to neutral. I think it's only fair if we both have a few time outs to call while we ease in." There was a difference between a fling and a relationship, and it didn't take someone who'd had a lot of success with either to see the distinctions. "Good to know my cooking affects you so deeply, though. Wait until I introduce you to hand made pasta. You'll never leave."
The woman fairly purred as she arched into Logan's touch. "I'll hold you to that."
Logan found it tough to keep walking the right direction. He had to fight with himself to keep going. It wasn't like him to want to talk himself out of something. //Definitely somethin' wrong...// he reflected.
Tony couldn't hold back a shudder at the touch or the ragged gasp that followed it. "Well, might as well make the best of it, right?" he blustered, though the quaver in his voice betrayed him. He wasn't so scared of dying as he was of what Loki would do with him until he did. Steve already thought he was dead, a thought which hurt Tony more than anything else. All that was left was for him to make sure that Clint and Phil lived. "At least I'll be a good-looking corpse." Tony had to swallow back a sense of nausea and remind himself of the teammates his sacrifice would save.
"They're good, actually. Bobby's probably taken over for me," Scott admitted with a hint of a smile. "He's stronger than people thought. Rogue is too, she's just... she's got a lot to figure out. She'll get there." The young woman was continually looking for a way out instead of a way to use what she had. Eventually she'd have to realize there was no way out. "She's not stupid. She'll put it together. Bobby can help if she'll let him. The rest... is messy. That's my fault, not theirs. It's why I left. I had a role there that I'd always fit into. When I stopped fitting, I stopped knowing how to handle things. I stopped knowing the next step. You can't lead other people if you don't even know where you're going, and things got messy on all fronts."
Steve let out a shaky breath against Tony's neck as they moved together. He had never been faced with the difficulty of split attention that presented itself with two partners present. Somehow it felt as much like a benefit as a hindrance, though, and Steve let Logan work as he focused himself on making Tony feel amazing. The playboy had plenty of experience - enough that Steve was willing to bet that it would be hell trying to find a place in his top ten list. Instead he worried about impressing upon Tony that he was taken care of in more ways than one. He had no idea what the protocol would be for the morning after with the three of them, but he would just as soon wake to find them in a happy, sated pile come sunlight.
"Later," Tony said quietly to Bruce before he moved over to look at the presented work. He poked, prodded, turned and twisted the displays. He adjusted a few minor things, tossed out a couple of unnecessary constructions, then nodded, his hand pensively toying with his beard as he looked the readout over. "Impressive," he allowed, looking at Fitz-Simmons. "Alright. You're useful. Good job." He opened his private folder and dumped a portion of one of the files into the stack already on the lab desktop. "This is part of the information on my nanosuit. Make sure that gun is compatible with it. Just in case we can't hand it to Logan." He scrutinized the two young scientists. "If you two can figure out the stuff in that file before the end of tomorrow, I might start to believe Fury didn't lose his mind when he dragged you into all this."
"If you don't mind, that would be great. Thank you," Steve answered after a moment's hesitation. He had no idea whether anything Tony owned would actually fit him, but it sounded better than trying to spend a casual evening sitting around in a tux. Frankly he hated wearing the thing to begin with. "Anything you have would be fine." Uncertain, he followed the other man as he headed to a room toward the back of his house. "It has to be better than this. I feel like I'm dressed up to go to a funeral."
Steve set his glass of champagne - now mostly empty - onto the tray of a passing waiter. "Do you have a plan for our escape? I caught a cab here."
Steve frowned at the suggestion. "Not yet." His expression softened as he observed, "The upside of Fury's paranoia is that he's probably thought about that already. It looks like Loki wanted something in particular, information maybe. I guess something Nat knows too. Mostly I just want her home and you," Steve gave his lover's hand a warm squeeze, "back in one piece."
Fury quirked the faintest, briefest hint of a smile. That was why he kept Clint around. The man would typically do what he was told, but wasn't afraid to overstep his bounds a little if pushed. "Barton, I don't know for a fact that you aren't one of Loki's flunkies right now, either. I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt because, frankly, I'm running out of prison cells, and it's apparently not safe for me to throw you in with one of the others," he said, giving Clint a pointed look. "And whatever you know, Loki might also know, so Thor's whereabouts are staying my business until you need to know about them."
Going in solo had seemed like a really, really good idea. He could turn invisible, so no one would see him, and the partner they'd saddled him with was getting on Darien's last nerve. Becoming his brother's guinea pig was supposed to get him out of jail. Instead he found himself just as stifled in a whole different kind of way. He hated it. He hated every last second of it.
"Wait.. Stark's... dead?" Logan fell silent for a moment as he held tight to Scott's hand. He slowly sat up on the edge of the bed, still not quite feeling himself. He looked around at the faces in the room. Bruce, quietly sitting in the corner with his glasses in his hand, looked like he'd been crying. Natasha looked angry, but under that Logan could see the hurt. His gaze drifted to Scott, looking miserable and deflated. Logan ran a hand over his face as the news sank in, and slowly he went from mournful to angry. "Why the hell would he take the body?"
Steve watched intently as Tony's tongue slid over his cock. The man was living pornography - and not just because he could curse with the best of them. No matter what he did or where he was, Tony Stark knew how to put on a show. Steve swallowed hard as Tony stared back just as intently. There were moments where Steve was willing to admit that losing all fear of being seen naked was probably the best thing the serum had ever done for him. Saving the world was great. Inhibition-free sex was at the very least a close second. "Just like that," he whispered absently, "but I'm thinking you can probably take a little more."
"Nevermind," Loki replied, waving the words away as though they didn't matter. He rarely said anything inconsequential, but Stark wasn't likely to ever let him close enough to know whether it was true or not. Even if he did, his friends never would. It was stupid to think of it. Thor had never trusted him or put in any true faith in him. Frigga had, perhaps, for a time, but even her dreams had ultimately been hung on Thor's shoulders and not his own. "It's nothing for you to worry about, Mr. Stark."
"Yes, Tony... I... more than ready. More than," he murmured again, a shiver running through him and his hands braced on the couch to hold himself steady while he waited for the first thrust. He looked back over his shoulder and fixed dark eyes on Tony's face. He held all the power for the moment, and he wore it well. He looked absolutely stunning standing there with his hair wild and his eyes shining. "I need you." Steve had never meant that on so many levels at once. They completed one another in a million different ways, and together they made a bizarre sort of sense. Steve wasn't sure he'd ever feel entirely whole again without having Tony at his side.
The mutant shifted appreciatively against Tony's fingers, refocusing enough to pull Steve in for another breathtaking kiss.
"Yes, sir," Tony grinned, sliding easily to his knees in front of the blonde. It was amusing to corner Steve into saying things Tony knew might make the man blush. Though he had to admit, getting Steve to look him in the eyes and say such things was incentive enough. He tugged Steve's jeans and underwear down and gave the other man's cock a good, long lick before slowly taking it into his mouth. Dark eyes drifted up to catch his partner's gaze, and Tony felt his own length throb anxiously. He had to fight to keep his hands off himself and remember that holding out for Steve to fulfill his promise would be worth it.
Bucky visibly deflated; his hopes of his relationship with Steve turning into something more completely evaporated. A flame of anger ignited deep inside of him, burning hot and wishing to scorch Tony Stark. There was no doubt in Bucky’s mind that Tony was standing between him and Steve. And Bucky could not remember ever feeling such an overwhelming urge to beat the shit out of someone before. Somehow he managed to tamp down the ire building inside of him, and he turned his attention toward the boxes littering the room. “Well, I’d better finish unpacking,” he started as a means of a distraction, but then a sharp pain stabbed through his head and Bucky tumbled from the couch in agony.
"Thank you," Coulson glanced down at the woman's name tag, "Nancy." He felt better knowing that Natasha's life wasn't in immediate danger, but it made him no less terrified about what might have happened to her mind. "Clint said she was barely conscious when he found her, and she passed out not long after. Logan, any light you can shed?" He was the only other person who knew what it was like to have Loki walking around in his head in that way. Unfortunately Phil suspected that Natasha had been far less accommodating.
"And I'm not functional," Steve added. He caught a look of apology on Phil's face and shook his head. "It's not a dig, Agent Coulson, it's the truth. I'm not ready. I'm not in shape. I haven't had to deal with the stuff I'm dealing with since boot camp, and I'm not ready to fight like this. Won't be for a long time, if ever, at least not on the scale that the Avengers are on. I'm not bowing out because it's not like I got hit on the head and forgot everything I know, but I can't be on the ground with you guys the way a leader should be. You need someone who can fight." Though he wasn't sure how it would go over given the man's outburst, Steve still nodded to the man next to him. "What about Stark?"
It was a moment where Darien knew he could make a move. The window was there, it was wide open, and he hated himself a little for hesitating. It wasn't that he was a prude, he just wasn't a total slut either. Well, not always. Not completely. //Who are we kidding here?// Darien half smiled and opened the door before stepping aside, making his invitation as clear as possible. "You're still kinda covered with blood. Not yours either. That's gotta be some kind of health concern. Maybe we should double up on the whole showering thing... unless you've got other plans?"
Logan nodded quietly, fetching aspirin and a glass of water from the bathroom and bringing the pair to Scott before setting the coffee maker to brew a pot for the pair of them. He knew that Stark's pet wall-computer would've done it for him, but asking that thing to wait on him weirded Logan out a little too much. Machines made him nervous when they were smart enough to give him sass. "Well, I think you needed a drink or seven last night," Logan said, squinting at the coffee maker and jabbing at another button before nodding with satisfaction as it gurgled to life. //No wonder Stark likes to talk to things. He put enough goddamned buttons on here for a scientific calculator.// "You'll be fine. Coffee. Maybe a banana or somethin'."
"I..." It struck Scott that soon enough his own erratic behavior could get him locked up. Hating himself for taking the out, Scott admitted, "I should probably stay here. If I stick my hand down your pants in front of Coulson, he'll probably put me in a padded room too."
Clint shook his head and gestured for the pair to follow, pausing as he got to the doorway and looking back at the two. "Uhm, were you two...?"
Steve shared a smile and a shrug of his shoulders with Bruce. It was hopeless to think that Clint would ever catch up on his own. The man relied almost entirely on Coulson to distill whatever they learned to him. Which, Steve supposed, was fine so long as Coulson was with them. "Agent May, it's good to have a chance to work with you."
"You don't have to lose either," Phil chimed in when Clint finally seemed to have run out of things to say. "We'll find a way to fix things for Nat, and I'm not going anywhere. Neither are you. I won't let it happen again." If he'd had to fling that hammer out of the plane, he would have done it. "I know that I'm usually the one following the rules. There's a good reason for it. It's helpful. It's part of what keeps us all safe, but when it comes to you... I don't know if you've noticed, but when it comes to you, I've got a blind spot. Do you really think that I won't do absolutely everything in my power to keep you and to keep Natasha safe?" Phil actually found it in himself to smile. He wanted to take Clint's hand but held back from the familiarity. "We've survived worse, and we'll keep surviving. Period."
Logan raised an eyebrow. The idea of a taser was almost as laughable as a punch in the jaw, but Logan had to admit he wasn't really interested in that level of pain at the moment. The glint in Nat's eyes was a little unnerving. "I have a feelin' you'll get your wish, from what I've heard about this Loki guy. Thing is, I'm not sure how much good they'll be."
Bruce pointed to Simmons. "Her idea. I just facilitated."
Logan had nearly forgotten about the injury he'd inflicted on the other man. It was clean, of course, but it was also pretty deep. Logan had to admit, Tony had done a good job of not letting the injury get to him. //Buuuut I'm gonna get an ass-chewin' for this one...//
"Yeah, strangely not why I'm flinching," Tony grated out, taking a step back from the god. "Not to sound like I'm trying to talk you into not killing me, but I'd say you'd definitely have a marginally better chance of them not killing you if they find out you kept me alive." He moved toward the bathroom, adjusting the water for himself. He felt a stab of fear as he slid under the water, realizing he might well have to explain what had happened to Steve.
Logan couldn't help but chuckle softly at that. "Maybe for them. I don't think I would've cared," he decided, pressing a kiss to the top of Scott's head. It felt good lying against his lover. His hands wandered aimlessly over Scott's bared skin, not trying to titillate as much as just absorb the fact that they were together and memorize every last inch of Scott. "Might've even helped the healin' process. Should be a mandatory part o' treatment: shirtless hot guy in the lap."
Simmons' eyes went wide. She'd been staring at the code so long she honestly hadn't even thought about mixing things up, had been too caught up in the idea of fixing what was there to think about actually changing it. "Oh! Oh! Fitz," she hissed, waving him over and point at the screen, all but bouncing on her heels despite being exhausted. "Run the simulation again. Please," Simmons added, cheeks going pink as she waited impatiently for Bruce to flip the virtual switch. "This could be it. It could actually work."
“I beg to differ,” Coulson answered mildly. “From what I’ve read, at least, I don’t think that it’s likely Captain Rogers would have managed most of what he did without having the rest of you fighting with him. You did everything he did, and you did it without the serum. That’s not a contribution that should be ignored, Sergeant Barnes.” With everyone focusing on the negative acts in his recent past, Coulson knew that it was probably difficult for even Bucky to think of the bigger picture. “You saved a lot of lives too. Hold onto that.”
"Normally I don't like getting messy all that much... this happens to be an exception. YOU happen to be an exception." Steve stood, trying to ignore how absolutely gross he felt. "C'mon, I need a trip through the nearest shower before we can properly collapse into bed, get a little rest and then, if the world hasn't fallen down around our ears, do this all over again before somebody notices we haven't done any work in hours."
At that Coulson chuckled as well. "Like you said - I've seen worse." His own sex life had never been quite so adventurous, but he certainly wasn't about to judge Clint for the choices he'd made. They weren't bad for the team or for Clint. Safe, sane sexual encounters with willing partners wer a reasonable way to pass the time. "What you do on your own time - and who - is your business. SHIELD doesn't care, and I sure as hell don't as long as you're careful. I mean that on all levels." Given Clint's proclivities, Coulson had made it more of a priority to check on the man's medical results more regularly. He held up a hand to ward off any protests. "Before you call me 'dad' again... I worry about all of you. It's very literally my job."
"Very," Nat answered. "I'd like it to be insanely unpleasant for you. I actually wouldn't mind seeing you flayed."
"Understood. Climb aboard."
Clint twitched at that, lifting the hammer a little and taking a step toward Tony. "Okay, whatever this is, it's irritating and mouthy, but it isn't Stark," he growled, looking poisonously toward Loki before turning his gaze back to the man pressed tightly against Steve. "I saw we kill 'em both and let Simmons figure it out."
Steve let Tony ride the release through before he let go himself. Frankly he'd barely managed to wait that long. It felt like heaven to finally cum with Tony still clenching around him. He gasped his lover's name but otherwise managed to follow Tony's example of keeping quiet. Steve sat up and dragged Tony with him to avoid collapsing on top of the man and crushing him. "I'm not letting go of you tonight." Even through the climax the idea of sleeping with Tony close had held fast. "In fact, if things that feel as good as tonight keep happening, I might not let go at all."
Thinking back to the previous night made Clint want to tell Phil he didn't have to wait another goddamn minute, but he bit back the urge. Diving into bed with one person after another was a habit he was trying to break, not reinforce. Realizing a moment later that Coulson was also handing him a pretty big compliment, Clint had the duck his head and shrug. "I think I might be," he said, shyly tugging at a blade of grass. Clint wasn't accustomed to people telling him he was good looking, but he was more than comfortable with how he looked naked. He looked up, still slightly flushed, and gave his handler a smile. "I think you might be, too."
"Not a bad plan. Just be sure you know how to use it so it helps you and not them," Phil cautioned, the desire to make sure that everyone around him was safe overriding even the strong urge to sink to the floor, wrap his arms around Clint, and sleep. He was about to give in to the impulse when he heard the sound of rotors outside and breathed a sigh of relief. "I think that's us." There was nothing but landing space around them, so there was no real worry about having to hike to the chopper. Phil gave Donna a wave and an additional, "Thank you," before he forced himself to let go of Clint's hand and start walking.
"Pepper..." Tony had almost forgotten, odd as it seemed. He'd been so caught up in seeing Steve that he'd considered little else. But he knew that Pepper had no doubt gone through hell thinking he was dead, too. He stayed as close as he could to Steve on the walk down without actually impeding their progress. When they stepped into his suite, the sight of Pepper so obviously having just recovered from a bout of crying tore at Tony all over again. "Pep. Hey, I'm okay," he said gently, stepping forward and offering her a hand.
Even if Steve hadn't said anything, the way he writhed in the most tantalizing way possible made it clear that Tony had found that perfect angle, and he eagerly took advantage of that knowledge. Still doing his best to heed the blonde's earlier request to take it slow, Tony was careful to only angle his hips just that way with every few thrusts, enjoying the sight of Steve squirming under him entirely too much to end it too soon. He ran a hand through Steve's hair, loving the sounds of pleasure his lover made with every stroke of Tony's cock. "Fuck, you're beautiful," he breathed.
Steve swallowed and wondered exactly why he'd suggested slowing things down. It was hard to think about slow when Tony's dark eyes were promising a whole lot of things that involved going very, very fast. He barely noticed the waiter looking uneasy and hurrying away to get their bill. It was hard to keep himself in place in his seat and not drag Tony across the table to kiss him instead. They'd done more than enough damage by being inappropriate in public, though, and even if Tony didn't care, Steve did. He settled for rubbing his thumb across Tony's wrist. "I think dessert at home sounds absolutely perfect."
The smell of coffee and the hour reaching his usual wake up time combined to rouse Phil reluctantly from his sleep. He turned over in bed and slowly sat up. And then remembered that at some point the night before, he'd stumbled half dressed to his door and talked to Clint. Phil slapped his hands over his face and groaned. Silently he prayed Clint had been as out of it as he was and settled for grabbing a shirt before he left the room again. It was a slight improvement, anyway. He ducked out to see Clint casually leaning against the counter looking better than anyone had a right to so early in the morning. "Morning. I, uh... sorry if I was less than put together last night. Painkillers knock me out. And sorry about being not entirely, uh, dressed."
Phil ducked his head to hide a broader smile at the image of Clint chasing down mythical monsters on Asgard.
"I had no choice!" Hawkeye growled, squaring up to Logan. The mutant was a good foot taller than him, and probably a few dozen pounds bigger, but Clint didn't have the sense to care. "Maybe you did. What'd he offer you? You sold her out, didn't you?"
"Labels. I hate labels. I prefer to think of it as open-minded," Tony responded, glancing up at Steve and smiling.
The billionaire grabbed desperately at Mystique's knees, trying to pry them apart. "Any chance... I could... buy you a drink... to move this along?" Tony quipped, attempting to at least get Steve enough room to grab some air.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve didn't entirely disagree, but he was stopped dead in his track when he actually saw Bucky, unconscious on the floor and being snapped into cuffs by Clint. He was frozen for a moment as anger and relief and fear warred for a place in the moment. He finally settled on looking for Tony instead and finding the man looking haggard and half dressed with Natasha's hands carefully keeping him on his feet. "Tony... are you okay?" Of course he wasn't okay, but Steve could think of nothing else to say. He wanted more than anything to rush forward, grab the man and hug him until he couldn't breathe. After everything Tony had been through, the last thing he needed was someone invading his space.
"Pretty sure Stark's a semi-functioning alcoholic," Logan said, handing Scott a beer from the fridge before getting his own and settling on the edge of the pool table. “He's functioning just well enough to know better than to get into my stuff." He paused to take a swig before he thought about Scott's other questions. "I dunno. They're kind of nothin' you'd expect. Cap and Ton-- Stark have a... wild side," he said, thinking back to when they'd met. "Hawkeye's got anger issues, Hulk's some kind of zen master, and I haven't met Thor. I hear he's dumb."
"Good thing I've seen your medical records." Coulson turned the burners down and led Clint by the wrist into the bathroom, where he held the cut under water and applied Neosporin before pressing a band aid it. "I'm petty sure you would have lost a limb to sheer neglect by now if it wasn't for Natasha and I." On his own, Clint wasn't prone to taking any sort of care of himself. "Now, let's go finish dinner before you slice off another finger. That would make it harder to hold the fork."
In which Logan wakes up, and he and Scott take a moment to enjoy that fact.
Steve knew he needed to start things off with the only thing he had to present that was positive. "We have one piece of good news." He knew his voice sounded rough, and describing anything as "good" made him feel physically ill. "Fitz-Simmons managed - with Dr. Banner's help - to find a way to reactivate the serum." He met the uncertain stares from most of the group. "It's not a quick thing like last time. This could take days or even weeks. That said, if we find a direction that someone can point us in, I'm going."
Clint had to fight to breathe evenly, to keep his hands steady. "No," he replied, voice faintly ragged but otherwise level. He loosed his arrow, only to feel his heart sink as it disappeared into thin air inches from Loki's face. Something inside him itched to grab the hammer at his belt and swing it at the god's smug face, but he ignored it. //Bruce, where the hell are you?// With Loki in play, they were well beyond worrying about property damage or a few broken bones. He felt helpless to protect Coulson and defenseless against whatever Loki was threatening them with.
"And what are you planning on doing if Natasha has heard something?" Tony wondered, returning his attention to the rest of his breakfast. "You and I had a deal, remember? No going off on your own." He pointed his fork in Steve's direction, emphasizing his words. "We're doing this together." Even as he spoke, Tony felt another sharp pang in his ribs but tried to swallow the reaction. The last thing he wanted was for Steve to discover he was in more discomfort than he was letting on.
"Four AM, sir. Director Fury urgently requests your presence in the main briefing room. He said to suit up."
Fitz looked contemplative at that and finally nodded. "Yeah, might have a point. Woe be unto him who angers the man who controls the wifi."
Logan glanced back at Natasha to see if agreeing was the right idea, then nodded back to Bruce. "Yeah. We're gonna smash 'im. We'll need your help, Banner. You're comin' back with us, right? You gotta calm down to do that..."
“With luck, not long,” Coulson answered. He saw the look on Bucky’s face and allowed, “I know your luck hasn’t been particularly fantastic so far. They want to run a few tests, see if they can find anything obvious, and then I’m hoping they’ll be willing to release you into-”
Clint nodded his agreement. "Got that right." He wanted to go back and check on Nat again, but he still wasn't in the mood to deal with handcuffs again. Instead, he focused on Phil. "Maybe we could find another distraction?" he suggested. He let the question dangle for an awkwardly long moment as he thought. "Maybe a stupid movie or go karts or something? I mean, I'm sure Fury won't want us getting too far from the tower, but if I don't get something to do soon, I'm going to be at the range until I run out of fletching."
Loki smiled coldly. "Oh, but I think it is."
Having stripped down to slacks and a sleeveless undershirt, Tony grinned as he moved in on his companions once more. "The warm glow of my heart. Well, the thing that's keeping my heart from getting torn apart by shrapnel, at least. You might say I run on batteries. Oh, and it also powers the suit."
Just thinking about it set Steve’s blood pressure on the rise. He needed to know Tony was okay. The best he could get were vague assurances from other people. He’d learned through constantly hounding the team and Coulson that Tony wasn’t really talking to anyone. Only Coulson showed much open concern for the fact, but even he gently urged Steve to give the man space. So Steve gave Tony space. He moved his things without their exchanging so much as a word, and he ached to know what was happening inside the man’s head. After growing so unexpectedly close to the billionaire, Steve found the sudden freeze out intolerable.
Hips pinned, Tony's elbows pressed hard into the mattress as he arched desperately, crying out in pure pleasure. After all the anticipation, the orgasm was so intense and lasted so long that Tony saw spots. As he finally collapsed in a quivering pile, he groaned softly. "Good thing... I have this," he panted, touching the arc reactor. "Think I might have had a... heart attack otherwise."
Lacking anything for his fingers to fool with and his feet too high up off the floor to bounce a knee, Clint found himself fiddling with his own fingers as he tried to come up with a semi-decent answer. He finally shrugged and looked away, looking as agitated as he ever got. "I don't know. I like being around you, Phil." He quirked a faint smile and finally managed to look at his handler. "I mean, maybe you're not as exciting as Tash, but... we get a lot of excitement at work." He looked down at the counter, nudging his coffee cup with one finger, "...and sometimes I just wanna feed the ducks."
Clint was definitely surprised by the choice. That said, he was pretty damned excited. He was forbidden as a field agent to get inked, primarily because tattoos were too easily identifiable, but he had to admit to loving them. "This is... actually awesome," he said, grinning broadly, hands shoved in his pockets. Phil looked fucking amazing, too. Clint had been sneaking glances at him the whole drive over. Phil always looked good, dressed up or down, but Clint couldn't help but appreciate the man's meticulously casual appearance and the way the shirt's collar complimented his strong jaw. As they got through the gates and drifted into the expo, Clint found himself brushing against Phil occasionally, and finally pulled a hand out of his pocket to offer it to Phil with a shy smile.
"Alright, Central Park sounds close enough," Logan agreed, squeezing Scott's hand. It'd get them away from the city's fumes for a minute, at least. "Though I think you're just trying to bait some idiots into gettin' themselves killed," he added with a grin.
"A movie would be good." He considered their options and offered, "There's an older theater down the block. They show mostly classics. I think they have a matinee." Some ridiculous eighties throwback flick sounded ideal as a distraction. "You in?"
Tony grimaced as Jarvis kept trying to get his attention. "Jarvis, what time is it?"
"Understood, sir."
A quick cab ride later Steve was setting two boxes down just inside Tony's door. He realized belatedly that he should have asked Tony which room was best to take before he left, but he'd been so ready to make an exit that he'd completely forgotten. "Tony?" he called out tentatively.
"Love you, too," Tony murmured, his voice shaking. It still scared the shit out of him to say it, but he'd be damned if he was going to let Steve go do something that might actually kill him outright without saying it. He stole another kiss from the blonde, then let his lover help him back to his wheelchair.
Clint felt the weight lifted from him as Victor stood, but panic set in yet again. The feral mutant was stalking towards Phil now. Like Phil, the archer had no idea how much time they needed, but he was determined to buy them every minute he could. More specifically, he was going to buy it for Phil. Bruised, lacerated, and sore, Clint still pushed himself up off the ground as if it was nothing and lunged at Victor's back.
Clint allowed himself a faint but earnestly pleased smile. The words cut right through him, driving his arousal through the roof. Darien was perfect for his mood that night. The man knew how to let him take the lead without simply laying there like a worthless ragdoll. Too many times Clint had found an eager sub who either couldn't deal with what he would dish out or had no spark to them whatsoever. The archer leaned in for a deep, demanding kiss as he pushed forward, his hand clamped on Darien's hip and pinning him to the floor. With barely a pause, Clint began thrusting in a perfectly animal rhythm.
Tony nodded. "The kids are working on some nanotech to help modulate the energy output on the gun. We're going to try putting an older model of the arc reactor on it for a power source and reduce the drain on the user. We think Logan might be able to wield it that way." Accustomed to running down technical specs, Tony took a breath to continue, then stopped himself. Steve didn't need to know that his backup plan involved dropping the output enough to use the gun himself. "So, yeah, we're making some headway." The sandwich done, he put it and a bowl of the soup down in front of Steve. "Ran out of smoked gouda, but there's still sharp cheddar, baby swiss, and provolone in there."
Natasha's eyes never closed. She watched the man's every movement with predatory intensity. Clint was beautiful when he was needy. Much as she enjoyed seeing him naked, Nat appreciated the fact that he was too eager to bother getting naked. The more she thought, the more she decided that unzipping might be sufficient for the night anyway. The idea of wrapping her legs around his leather-clad thighs sounded fantastic. She spared no attention at all for the man watching them. Darien would either enjoy the show or Clint could make it up to him later. She wasn't cold so much as attuned to her own needs and, to a lesser degree, to Clint's. "You look beautiful like that. I love you on your knees."
The Soldier held up his hands, stepping back as quickly as possible given the situation. He opened his mouth to speak, but an arrow laced with drugs slammed into his shoulder and sent him to the ground before he said anything at all.
“It could be what you went through with Hydra,” Coulson allowed, “or it could be that you have enough sense to know ending up in medical is rarely a good thing.” He hated the place himself. Every time one of his assets ended up there with something broken or torn or bleeding, he hated it a little more. “I meant it when I promised Captain Rogers I’d get you out of here as soon as possible. In the meantime, so far you don’t seem to have that altered a metabolism, which means that if you’d like something to help you sleep, that won’t be a problem.”
"Feels more like that when you're in it," Phil agreed. He wasn't saying it to make Clint feel beholden somehow, he simply wanted the man to know what his presence meant. It made Phil feel strangely whole when he woke up to Clint's smile and to the way he clung to his coffee mugs like they were a buoy and he was a drowning man. It was adorable and familiar and warmed his heart every time. "You remind me that it's not all about the job. It's easy to forget to be a person sometimes when you're on your third twelve hour shift in a row. I'd feel like I was drowning in paperwork and then you'd be there sitting on my couch so... so normal. I'd remember to breathe."
"It's Tony," Steve assured quietly. That was one of the few things he was sure of for the moment, but it was plenty to keep him vertical and relieved instead of panicking even with Loki sitting in a chair next to him. At least with Thor flanking the man, he wasn't worried about Loki trying anything more stupid than his usual. "As for Loki... well, we need him to straighten Clint out, and besides that, he did surrender. He called down the Brotherhood too from what we can tell. Creed broke the truce, and he's getting carted down to a cell right now." That was a problem they'd need to deal with sooner rather than later. "He surrendered, offered the help without our asking, and... and Stark asked us to pull punches for the time being." He cast his gaze to Tony, leaving it open to him what more to say.
It was a typical knock-down, drag-out argument to get Tony to sleep that ultimately did end in threats of taser application and Phil removing everything that used a wireless signal and wasn't bolted down from the room. It was another hour of laying there, awake, turning ideas over in his head before he finally drifted off. In spite of his warnings to Coulson, Tony woke around 8:30 and laid there another thirty minutes before he finally got up and started making himself human. He was wheeling himself into the living area just as Coulson walked in with food and coffee. "I woke myself up. Food can go on the table. I don't like being handed things."
Tony smirked, feeling a bit more in control as Steve rambled a little incoherently. He grabbed the blonde by the chin and pulled him into a brief, intense kiss before offering him a broad smirk. "I think you were saying you were going to lube me up and fuck me silly," he reminded the blonde, glancing at the man's lubed fingers. "Not that I don't appreciate you holding onto my ass like I'm your own personal call girl, but I'd love to take this to the next step," he quipped.
"You can go ahead and fuck me right here." Darien doubted his sanity would hold out as long as Clint's could when it came to real torture. "Unless your friend Agent Coulson is due back, in which case I'd rather retire to your room, just without the lack of resolution."
Clint folded his bow and put it on his back. "Let's hope Summers still has his shit together," he decided, glancing back at Logan before stalking out through the group of confused-looking junior agents. It had to have been a hell of a sight, Clint reflected, them dumping a guy with an arrow sticking out of him into a cell with no obvious intent of providing medical care. //They'll figure it out in a minute.//
Bruce had to give the two credit. Especially Simmons. Still sitting behind Tony, he caught her eye and gave her a thumbs-up. Tony was an asshole, but he rarely attacked anyone once they stood up to him firmly. Then again, the billionaire was pretty good at hurting feelings when he felt compelled to do so. "We were thinking we could-"
Logan glanced over at Stark. "Shaddup, son. The grownup's're talkin'."
Logan quirked an eyebrow, giving them both a cocky half-smile even as the feel of Scott's fingers teasing around his waistband sent his pulse up a few notches. "Think my ego might get outta control with you to givin' me all this attention," he rumbled, looking not at all bothered by the idea. Reaching back, he pulled Scott into a brief but intense kiss, his other hand finding Nat's hip and pulling her closer so that he could lean down and capture her lips a moment later. "Can't say I object to havin' two hot bodies pressed against me, though..."
"Don't forget lunch. Pretty sure I got permission to touch at lunch, too," the archer reminded his handler, reaching up to lightly trace Phil's jaw with his thumb. He leaned in to gently brush their lips together, then let his hand slide down Phil's neck, over his chest. Callused fingers pushed between the buttons of Phil's shirt, and he casually popped one open to get his hand directly on skin. "This is nice," Clint murmured, watching Phil's face.
"Don't worry about it," Clint said, stroking Natasha's hair. He wanted to kiss her, to pull her out of the bed and hold her until she felt better, no matter how long that took. Instead Clint placed himself as close to the bed as he could. "We'll get Loki. Right now, you just need to get better." Clint hated that she was in pain and wanted to take it away from her however he could. He was quiet for a moment. "I'm sorry that I didn't stop him from taking you."
"Loki's making another appearance. Grand Central Station this time."
Clint skipped the case of weaponry in favor of his bow. He could operate a gun, but it wasn't comfortable and soothing like he needed right then. He was already firing basic rounds into moving targets at a rate that could easily outpace the average semi-automatic by the time the other three members of the group took their own positions. There was something profoundly meditative about the active of drawing, aiming, breathing, releasing.
Loki held his breath too while he waited. He knew that Tony could pass any test. He didn't know whether the others would let him live long enough to see whether that mattered. His fingers curled into fists as he watched them stare, frozen, at the pair of men in the doorway.
"I meant the bad ones. Bad mutants. They're the freaks. Don't stab me." Tony put armored hands up defensively.
"He'll be fine." Steve shut the door and heard the comforting click of the lock. "Don't open it. I don't care what he says or what happens, unless his life is in danger, you do not open it."
"Or you could'a just kicked me in the balls. Y'know, instead o' comparin' me to Stark."
Tony let his instincts guide his actions as he sucked hungrily at Loki's tongue. He was surprised at the gentle treatment. Loki could have been as rough and brutal as he wanted, but instead he was offering his prisoner pleasure. Tony let his fingers dip lower, finding Loki's entrance and stroking at it lightly. When the god made no protest, he slowly pressed one finger in. The digit slid in easily, but Loki still gripped him tightly, and Tony moaned a little louder into Loki's mouth, his free hand running up and down Loki's back.
Scott almost choked on the water he'd been sipping between shots to try to stave off at least the worst of the hangover the next day. "Us?"
Deciding it would be awkward no matter when he made the observation, Steve grabbed his own plate from the tray and sat down next to Tony's bed. "I kind of figured Pepper would be pushing me out of the way by now. I mean, I know she's busy with Stark Industries, I just..." He searched Tony's face for any sign of an explanation. "You don't have to tell me if anything's wrong. It's none of my business, I know, it's just that you're both my friends." Steve couldn't help feeling a twisted sort of hope that Tony and Pepper were amicably separated, and he felt awful for wanting something that would mean unhappiness for two of his friends.
"There's a difference between being physically vulnerable and being mentally vulnerable," Steve pointed out sharply. He could tell Clint wasn't going to back down on the issue, and he could see by the set of Coulson's shoulders that he wasn't going to either. The idea of a screaming match in the middle of the cafeteria didn't particularly appeal to him considering how much of a mess the team had been in the eyes of SHIELD already. "You get a say, Clint, but it isn't your call, and you know that already."
Having reached the limit of his diplomatic toolset, Clint gave Phil a desperate look.
Logan, beer bottle still in hand, pointed at Scott. "One condition." He waited until Scott was listening. "I'm not pickin' out any curtains with you. Nothin' against you, but I am not dealin' with some interior design creep tellin' me I'm a winter." He smirked. "Otherwise, I'd be happy to." It was fun relaxing with his lover in spite of the occasional disapproving look he got from members of the crowd. They all had the sense to leave it at glares, and while Logan would have loved to straighten those guys out, he was pretty sure that Scott could do with less stress rather than more.
Logan, panting hard, grinned faintly as he shifted to lay against Scott's side. They both needed a bath, but that could wait. He wrapped one well muscled arm around Scott's waist and pulled him close, pressing his face into his lover's neck. "We'll be doin' it plenty o' times," he decided, gently cupping Scott's cheek and turning the man's head toward him for a slow, gentle kiss. "You look too good when I'm fuckin' your brains out to not do any repeat performances."
Phil suspected he looked as stricken as he felt. He really didn't mind putting his own ass on the line. Most of the time he could stand putting Clint and Natasha in the line of fire too because he trusted in the plans they made and in the strength of them both to overcome what the universe threw their way. Being confined with Creed was something else, and the thought of what he might do to Clint worried him on a deeper level than he'd expected. It was a grenade he honestly couldn't throw himself on without risking Clint's life as well as his safety. No matter how good a job Clint was doing trying to look as if he wasn't in searing pain, Phil knew. He knew, and he wanted to stop it so much that he could hardly breathe. "Clint," he said, hoping to draw the man's attention away from the blood and away from Victor. He knelt down, not daring to move in closer no matter how badly he wanted to. "Look at me."
Simmons blushed at the sudden scrutiny. "I... I wanted to wish you luck. All of you." She'd originally emerged from her room to check on Captain Rogers, but Jarvis had informed her he was busy, so instead she'd followed the scuttlebutt about the street being demolished out front. "Maybe when you get back from all this," Jemma added with a smile for Bruce alone, "you can tell me about it over that coffee."
Coulson smiled back mildly, carefully keeping silent. He didn't generally lie unless he needed to, so instead he let the comment lie. "I meant it about the sleep pants. That's a thing. I passed on the boxers, though. That seemed a bit intimate." He watched quietly as Clint navigated the kitchen like he belonged there.  It made his heart constrict rather painfully. "Thank you." Coulson nodded toward the new pot. "For the coffee. I appreciate it. After yesterday, I definitely need it."
"I need to get the hammer to research, then I'll check in with medical." Coulson reached out to brush some glass from Clint's shoulder. You should too. Just to be sure."
Meanwhile Steve had pulled Tony close, touching as lightly as he could manage while encased in the bulky metal. He couldn't help the tears, mission be damned, because Tony was there. He was real. He was alive. "I... God, Tony, I... love you," was all Steve managed before he kissed the other man gently.
Tony groaned as his hands threaded through soft blonde strands. It was a powerful sight, Steve's lips wrapped around his cock, willing and waiting for Tony to take what he wanted. The billionaire took a moment to relish the sight, to stroke Steve's hair genty before slowly tugging the man forward. He set a fairly languid pace, wanting to enjoy the moment as long as he could. "Fuck, you look good down there," he breathed, his toes curling in his shoes as he fought to keep control.
Steve's throat was too tight to reply right away. Neither one of them really believed it. He almost hated in that moment knowing Tony so well. Once upon a time, he might not have heard the lie behind the words. "If this is... if he's sending you out... just... I'll be on the comms. I won't be there, but I'll be as close as I can be," he assured. It wasn't enough, not even close to enough, but it had to be. Steve kissed his lover slowly, gently, taking his time even though they didn't really have any. "I love you so much, and I know it isn't fair to ask it, but I need you to come back." He wasn’t interested in trading his pain for putting Scott through the same thing, but Logan had a much better shot at coming back home if things went sideways.
Clint glanced at Phil with a resigned smile, letting the man sit before subtly edging a chair of his own closer to Phil than was strictly professional and settling in it. He didn't hesitate to press his thigh against Coulson's, leaning a little closer to him as well. "Thanks, Steve," he said, feeling a little uncomfortable as Logan eyed him and remembering that the mutant's senses could probably tell him things Clint didn't want him to know.
Loki considered that. He didn't have any plans for Natasha and her friends for at least another day. While he didn't like Creed much, it didn't factor strongly into whether the mutant might be a decent lay. "Perhaps. Let's retire to a more private venue." With a snap of his fingers, Loki moved them to his temporary quarters. Magical decoration made up for the flair the real room lacked. "You were saying?"
Thor hoisted Magneto off his feet and gave the man an angry shake, glowering at him as he set him back down. "No trouble from you, mage." He knew better than to think Erik's age had anything to do with his ability to wreak havoc.
"Oh, nice." He glanced at the man who'd snapped a pic of them with his cell phone. "Is that Rick from People?" The waiter gave Tony an almost apologetic look until Tony waved a dismissive hand. "Just get him a glass of his own wine 'on the house,' and ask him if his wife's still porking the editor from Vanity Faire."
"C-careful," Steve stuttered even as all the blood rushed away from his head. He wanted Tony's mouth on him so bad it was difficult not to grab him by the hair and take what he needed. Instead of taking, though, Steve managed a few shuddering breaths and stayed as still as possible. In as steady a voice as he could manage, he said more certainly, "Be careful. Stop when... stop if you... if you need to, okay?"
Steve took a shaky breath and barely managed to glance at Clint. "Just... don't, Barton."
Coulson couldn't help it. Nevermind that he was a capable, mature agent who really had seen worse. He still blushed and ducked his head as he thought of a tactful way to explain what he'd seen. Ultimately, as usual, he decided on the truth and looked up again to meet Clint's gaze. "I saw things. Not everything, I'm sure, but some things. I've seen you with Natasha, of course, and one or two other... friends who have come by." He had looked the men up, of course. They were mostly military guys, probably all picked up at the same bar. None appeared to be any sort of security risk, none with any records to speak of, so he hadn't dug any deeper. "I assure you, it isn't something I intend to share with anyone else, and it doesn't change the way I think about you." It had, in all honesty, but not in the way Clint probably thought. It had simply made it much more difficult to keep the gorgeous archer out of his masturbatory fantasies.
The archer hesitated a moment, then nodded in agreement. "Alright." He took a deep breath, then moved in to shoulder some of Creed's weight. The mutant's scent washed over him, and it took several carefully controlled breaths to keep Clint from throwing up. "Let's get him downstairs," he grated, his free hand closing around the handle for reassurance. Clint was relieved to see that some junior agents had brought them a gurney to dump Creed onto for the rest of the trip. He wasn't remotely interested in hauling the mutant all the way down to the cell block on his shoulder.
Clint wasn't a whore. He really wasn't. //Right? Right.// It was just damned near impossible to ignore how close Scott was, and how fucking hot the man was. //So maybe I do get around a little,// he admitted to himself, closing the distance between them. He couldn't really bring himself to care when Scott was so willing. Clint didn't even bother tugging off his archery glove before tangling his hand in Scott's hair and dragging him into a commanding kiss. "Well, when a good, hot fuck falls in my lap, I'm not the kind to pass it up," he breathed.
"You asked before. In fact, I know you've tried to look at the files and-"
Tony was in agony, physically and emotionally. He wrenched at his bonds, his muscles bulging as he hoped to either break his wrists or the manacles, but it was to no avail. The Soldier plowed into him relentlessly, and the mocking gleam in his eyes chilled Tony's blood. "He'll hate me!" he cried out, his jaw clenched. "Is that... what you want? Is that... what all this's about?" A ragged groan tore itself from his throat as the other man rammed into him so forcefully it rattled Tony to his core.
As much as he hated to bring the moment down, Scott couldn't help but worry that Logan might be hurting more than he let on. "I know that you and Tony and Steve... it was just a one off thing, but..." He couldn't help thinking it had to make things hit a little harder and a little closer to home. “You sure you're okay? I mean, as okay as any of us can be at the moment?" They were all shaken. The whole Tower was a mess. He wondered if Tony's AI would continue on without maintenance, if the robots down in the lab would keep working. It was kind of creepy thinking about it, so he promptly stopped.
It took a beat and a little deep breathing before Coulson coaxed his feet into making the last few steps into the room. If he hadn't seen Steve's full files before, he might not have recognized the frail figure on the bed. Pale and gaunt, the man lying there looked worlds away from Captain America. He'd expected a lot of things, but none of them quite measured up to the reality. Coulson willed himself to remain as calm as humanly possible and pushed Tony up to the man's bedside, wondering what the hell Stark could be thinking. The oxygen mask and the IV were bad enough, but coupled with the state of the man himself, Coulson was only barely managing to keep his own hands from shaking as he held fast to the handles of the chair.
Logan grinned briefly at Steve before returning his attention to Tony, watching the man squirm with the almost same amount of interest as the blonde next to him. He gave up a low growl as Tony's fingers tangled tightly into his hair, resisting a bit before settling into the hold and allowing the smaller man to pull him into a heated kiss.
"Y-yes," Scott managed, shuddering in response to the stinging pleasure of Logan's teeth digging into his skin. He knew there would be a mark, knew even as it happened that Logan was reclaiming him, and the primal nature of that thought was shockingly hot. "Fuck, Logan... fuck..."
Before Coulson had a chance to warn Clint to get his hands the hell off of the hammer, the door exploded inward. He was slammed back into a shelf only to be righted by Steve's hand on his shoulder a beat later. "I'm fine." He looked around, trying to spot Bruce. Of all of them, he could do the most damage - which was a good and a bad thing.
"God, so do you," Scott murmured. He barely noticed as Logan and Natasha manhandled him onto the bed. He was too busy kissing Logan. He dimly heard the cap pop on their bottle of lube, so Natasha's slick hand sliding up over his thigh wasn't entirely unexpected. He let his legs fall open, and he gasped into Logan's mouth as she slowly began to work him open.
