“I’m sorry!”  He said quickly.  He really didn’t mean to bite his lip, he just panicked and that was his first instinct.  He gasped as dean pushed him into the chair, trying to pull his arms away as his chest was heaving up and down, close to hyperventilating.  He watched him as he spoke, trying to find something to say.  “I- they- they never- I didn’t-“ he tried to speak when dean suddenly began kissing his neck and rubbing at his crotch, making him let out an involuntarily moan, freezing when he suddenly realized what he’d just done.  He squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered, scared of what dean was planning on doing to him.
Castiel unwillingly put deans dick in his mouth, gagging slightly but trying to relax his throat as much as he could.  He breathed through his nose softly and closed his eyes to focus, focusing on his teeth, what his tongue was doing and how far dean was going down his throat.  He /did not/ want to throw up in here.  He began moving his tongue around him, feeling drool go down his chin as he sucked slightly.  He forgot about his teeth, helping him keep them away from the sensitive skin as he continued to move.  He’d never admit this to anyone, probably not even himself but, this was /awesome/
Castiel stared at dean as he spoke to him, glaring deeply as he panted heavily, trying to catch his breath and not throw up.  He watched him leave and shut the door behind him, leaving him in a dark janitors closet.  He sighed and grabbed a clean rag, wiping off his face and mouth off before standing up and leaving the closet.  He shut the door and made his way to his locker, angry at himself, angry at dean, and angry at the whole world.
Dean rolled his eyes jokingly. “You really think I’m this deep person, huh?” He said back with a soft chuckle. “The only secret I have is that I watched tentacle porn once.” He said with a laugh. He then mad the motion of wiping his hands clean and sat back. “Not a secret anymore though, so I’m all clean.” He said with a smile
Dean smirked and chuckled softly, “I’ll see what I can do.” He said. He knew they already wouldn’t have much time, and definitely not enough to take things slow. He figured try at least though. He let go of Cas’s hands so he could undo his belt and slide his pants down. “Push your boxes down.” He instructed, starting to unbuckle his own jeans and get them down enough
Castiel looked at him and backed up further until he was against the wall.  It was a small room, so there wasn’t many places for him to go.  He swallowed heavily when he said he could make it better, for him at least.  Before Castiel could say something, he opened his mouth to speak when he felt deans lips against his own.  He panicked and pushed Dean away from him, standing up against the wall.  “What the hell?!”  He gasped and felt his hands shake.  The lingering feeling of deans lips on his own was not something he didn’t enjoy if he was being honest.  But it was still wrong to just kiss him like that!  ...right?
Castiel smiled slightly when dean mentioned his little brother, taking the tray of cookies and putting it into the oven.  “Your brothers name is Sam, right?  How old is he?”  He smiled, setting a timer for about ten minutes.  Castiel has always wanted a sibling, just someone to talk to.  He has a little cousin, Anna, and she’s about Sams age, but he doesn’t see her often since she lives two states over with her parents, who are very kind people.  Castiel wasn’t afraid to admit that he loved his uncle and aunt more then his parents, and he was pretty sure his parents were the same way.
Castiel was relieved that dean was giving him a break.  He eventually caught his breath and stared at him, his hands still shaking.  He was about to say no, when he added the last part to his sentence.  He closed his mouth and paused, thinking about it.  He was right, his parents would have him just say “no” immediately, but did he really want to stop?  It felt good, so far at least.  He closed his eyes for a moment, trying to decide what he was going to do.  He forced his eyes open again and he bit the inside of his bottom lip roughly.  He closed his eyes before speaking again, finally deciding.  “You c-can k-keep going...” he whispered.  “Just...” he knew he would sound like a pussy, but he had to say it.  “Just go s-slow?”  He said quietly.
Castiel gasped softly after pulling off most of his and deans clothes, pushing his lips deeper against him.  He let his head fall back, giving dean more access to his neck as he panted.  Dean slipped inside of him, crying out softly and hugging himself closer while keeping his legs around deans waist, hoping he’d push in deeper inside it him.  God he felt so good, trying his best to push his hips further onto deans cock.
“You’ll see. It’s not too exciting though, so don’t get your hopes up.” Dean said with a small shrug. He drove to a spot he often went to that was just outside of town, the edge of some woods. Once he got there he parked, grabbing something from the glove box and getting out of the car. “C’mon Cassie.” He said, not even realizing he’d started using that nickname. He knew there was rarely anyone around, so he didn’t need to worry about anyone catching them. He took out a blunt and lit it, taking a drag from it and then blowing out the smoke before holding it out to Cas. “Try it.” He hummed
Castiel snorted and shook his head as dean teased him, sticking his tongue out at him and smiling a little as he spoke.  He sighed deeply and looked down for a moment.  “Dean, I want to know you.  I really want to, because I want to...” he sighed and shrugged.  “I wanna be with you.”  He muttered softly.  “But I can tell something else is going on.  I just want to... I want to know you.”  He shrugged a little bit and stared at the ground.  “But if you don’t want to, that’s okay.  I get it.”  He said softly.  “But I’m not gonna be any less interested in you if you tell me.”  He gave him a reassuring smile.
Castiel felt his breath get caught in his throat as he felt dean stretch him further.  He hissed slightly in pain, gritting his teeth and forcing himself to stay quiet.  He heard the wrapper around the condom get removed and he felt himself grow even more terrified then before.  He had no idea how this was going to feel, but he knew it was going to hurt.  He suddenly felt the penetration inside of him and he gasped, choking on his breath as he felt dean push into him further.  He wanted to yell, maybe even scream, but he forced himself to shut up, he could not risk getting caught and having his parents find out.
Castile glared at the text and huffed quietly, only agreeing to it because his parents weren’t home for the week.  The texted him his address, and nothing else.  He sighed in defeat, tossing his phone onto the couch and falling back against it.  How did he already get himself in this kind of situation?
Dean couldn’t get enough of Cas. The feeling of being inside of him, the sounds he was making, and the way he touched him. It was something he wanted to remember forever. Each of Cas’s noises worked as motivation for Dean to keep going, his hips moving faster the more needy he became. He was getting close, and he needed his release, not wanting to take his time this time. He sped up his hips, feeling Cas clench around him as he came. He groaned quietly but kept moving his hips, thrusting faster and faster into him. It didn’t take long for Dean to reach his climax, burying himself deep inside of Cas as he came, groaning deeply. “Fuck..” he breathed, his hips as close as they could be to Cas’s.
You think the Righteous Man loves you like a brother
Sam shared a quick kiss with Eileen, then got up and took her hand. "Jack? You wanna come with Eileen and me? We can take Miracle to that dog park Dean takes her to."
Angels, demons and vampires too
Why do you not show up and answer our pleas for help?
Why, Father, why must the Righteous Man and his brother
Dean blew out a harsh breath of air. "Look," He was beginning to get pissed off now. He pulled out the Colt from his jacket pocket and aimed it at the Shadow. "Give Castiel back to me now and I'll blow your friggin' brains out."
"'Et tu'," he scoffed. "Jesus, Sam. Be more of a nerd, why don'tcha?"
Smiling through your tears
"I'm happy to be back too. So very happy." Jack pulled back at that and frowned.
Castiel cocked up a brow. "It's a good thing I'm not asking for your permission, then. I'm doing this, Dean. It's my decision. You taught me free will, remember? That there's always another way."
Because you love him and you are family
His nose scrunched upwards as he passed his brother on the way to the stairs. "Just stop calling yourself the 'Meat Man'. Seriously. That doesn't mean what you think it does."
Sam did a weird mixture of rolling his eyes, scoffing and chuckling. "Yeah, alright. Fine. Dropping it. Let's get pizza."
Angel, angel
When it's time to rid the world of the Righteous Man,
You and the Righteous Man have been through much, he and you
"Sam, of course, is right. As usual."
When they pulled back to catch their breaths, they shared shy smiles and nervous giggles. Dean cleared his throat and gave Castirl s playful finger wag.
Dean smirked smugly. "Listen to Eileen, Sammy. She's right, you're wrong. Now, let's get some pizza. Saving your best friend from angel super-Hell makes a man hungry."
Castiel nodded happily. "It's a date."
Because your son is now the new God
Dean open his mouth again, to argue the point further, but had to reluctantly admit his best friend had a point. So, he closed his mouth and let Castiel cut his own angelic Grace out.
But, your other friends and even your enemies see it
And your sister smiles in sinister glee
"Fine," Dean huffed, rolling his eyes. "Give the angel back to me now
"Wait. Cas? Cas, is it really you?" Sam got up from his chair and with his long legs, it took only a couple of steps to his brother and best friend. He pulled the former angel into a hug. "It's good to have you back, man."
Castiel shared a look with Dean and as one, they answered, "Yes."
Like you love him
Jack perked up. "Yeah! Let's go!" He waved to Castiel and Dean. "See you guys later!"
You just believe he doesn't love you
And you and the Righteous Man think they're full of it
"So - " Sam's eyes moved back and forth between his friend and his brother, trying to make sense of everything. "So, you're back and you're human again? For good, this time?"
When she pointed this out and offered to bring Castiel back from the Empty, Dean declined with a handwave and a cocky smirk. "Thanks, but no thanks. I'd rather rescue him myself. Kinda turn this into a full-circle thing, y'know? He pulled me outta the Pit once, now I have the chance to do the same for him. Save him from angel-Hell."
Meanwhile, inside, you're shouting to be let free
"So, go at it like
Dean's glare turned into a pout. "I can't believe I fell for that."
Dean swallowed back the bile that wanted to come up and forced a smile. Clapping Castiel on the back again, carefully so as not to make the blood flow worse, he nodded to the way he came in. "Well, no use staying here now. Let's blow this popsicle stand."
You find that you can't do it
Because you're starting to sound like him
"Alright," Dean nodded. "Glad we got that cleared up. Now, whaddaya say we watch some movies in the cave?"
"Don't think this means you get the right to pick the music now, Cas. Remember, driver - "
You begin to question if your profound bond was real
"Thank you, Captain Duh," Dean retorted, sticking his tongue out at Sam immaturely. Sam made a face, then looked at Dean, imploring.
We now know the truth
Once Amara tore down all the walls between realms, everyone was free to choose how they'd live their afterlife. And, at Sam and Dean's requests, she sent John Winchester to Hell, forced to do secretary work for Rowena and Crowley. Forever. Mary was given the choice to live again or stay in Heaven. She chose Heaven. Sam and Dean understood and accepted it. Everything was how it always should have been.
When they got back to the bunker, Sam and Eileen were sitting with Jack at the table, the one with their names carved into it. It looked like they were in a friendly battle of the Uno card game.
But then you're brainwashed by your angelic older sister
Has always been wrong
While you wish things could be different for you and he
I'll shoot your annoying-ass brains out."
"Well, which is it? That seems like a pretty crucial conjunction."
"Cas. You're practically drooling."
"No!" The Entity screeched. "Castiel is MINE, Winchester! We have a deal he still hasn't fully completed yet! He stays!"
Dean then heard the most wonderful sound he'd ever heard - not including classic rock or Taylor Swift.
"Cas! I'm so happy you're back!" Jack exclaimed ad he ran to the newly-human Castiel and wrapped his arms around his waist. Castiel grinned toothily at his son and pulled Jack further into the hug.
But thankfully, not for long
"New color is blue. Now, draw four, Sam," Eileen said teasingly. Sam smiled and huffed in mock-offense.
What you felt for your Righteous Man all along
You've never questioned your bond with him
But angel, angel
Castiel sat next to Dean at the table and Dean flickered his eyes to the former angel's lips. "Cas..."  He looked back up at his best and nearly gasped. Castiel's eyes were dilated. He watched as Dean licked his lips, then copied the action.
He asks you to help him fix Heaven
A long moment of silence followed. Dean glared as Sam's jaw twitched. He glared harder and crossed his arms as Sam began to laugh.
"It's feels great to be back home, Sam," Castiel replied, reciprocating Sam's embrace with a content smile. Dean cleared his throat.
You reconstruct Heaven with your Righteous Man in mind
And that's when you stare at him and realize
Cas waves it off, stifling a grin.  “What would you pick on me for if I always got them right?”
good reason for going out there, asshole,” he snarls.
As soon as he pulls it out the scent of vanilla, cinnamon and cardamom fill the air and Cas drifts close.  Dean keeps the cookie next to his coffee in hopes of keeping him there.
Dean waves it off.  “No, I know.  I was just messing with you.  Hey, I appreciate it.  If anyone needs a boot in his ass to keep growing, it’s probably me.  Maybe you’re supposed to be my guardian angel, huh?  Help me get unstuck?  Maybe
“Uhh,” Dean stalls as his mind races. Cas doesn’t show up around Alfie and of course that’s good for the showing, but Alfie doesn’t know what Cas wants—doesn’t even know Cas exists!  “Hey, y’know what?  I can meet her over there, no big deal. You don’t need to take time out of classes to show her.”
“You’re asking the hard questions,” he says when he’s finally swallowed his burger.  “I guess I had the usual ‘oldest kid’ thing going on.  I tried to do a lot around the house, you know?  Help out my folks.  They were always real busy with work and stuff, and they didn’t always get on so well.  So, anyhow, I just tried to make things a little easier.”
He swears under his breath.
Dean hangs up with a feeling of dread.
” Sam continues urgently, “He and I can take care of Azazel.  In the meantime, I go to Zach.  It’s gonna be fine.”
“I want to try something,” Cas says.  “I’ve researched some anal stimulation techniques—”
“Oh, don’t be silly.  I’ll make something for you and leave it in the icebox.”
“How was it, being little Cas?”
But Cas feels free.  He feels content.  He looks at Dean and he doesn’t remember ever loving him more than he loves him right now.  And a moment later, he feels the same.
Cas feels like a character in one of Dean’s cowboy films, like he’s the assistant to the gruff but capable doctor.
“Oh, oh
“Deal,” Cas laughs as he heads into the bedroom, shedding his suit pants and pulling on sweats.  “I’ll be back soon,” he calls out, heading for the three season porch in the back.
ghost?”
He watches as Dean pulls gauze from the kit, tears it open, soaks it in alcohol and then fills the floss container with alcohol, too.  He’s got a towel from the linen closet, and it’s going to be ruined with the blood, but it doesn’t phase him a bit.  He swipes it over the gash and Cas studies the wall art over the bed.
“I’m not judging you.  You must know by now, I'd never judge you for what you want.”
“We looked at others—I enjoy the Victorian style as well—but this seemed to fit the room better.”
“Hey, Sammy, how’s it hangin’?” he asks breezily when he calls his brother after dinner.
Cas goes still, then flares,
scream in my ear, please?” Dean manages, sliding the tray onto the kitchen island and turning back to grab a chair.
Dean runs some new candidates for home buying past Cas and gets some flack from Gabriel.
Dean swallows hard as tentacles tease at his fingers, waiting for his confirmation.  “Yeah, Cas, please.  I trust you.”
The food smells amazing when he pulls up across from the house.  He grabs the bag while he waits for Cas.  He’s torn between what to open first.  It feels rude to eat food in front of someone.  Especially if it’s something they’d like, like the bourbon steak.
“It sounds like Ellen taught you a lot of things.”
Sam laughs bitterly.  “No, I can’t.  There are people after me.  There always will be and...I can’t let them find you.  Dean.”
Dean grins before he can stop it.  “Right, right.  Funny guy.  I’m just...I’m building a dollhouse for my niece’s birthday, and I thought it would be cool to add some period touches.  You know?  I just...I mean, I built a birdhouse in high school.  Can’t be too hard.  Just been a while, is all.”
Cas shakes his head and brings the first aid kit to Dean.
He must make a noise.  Dean’s eyes, sharp and impatient, look over at him and nod to the corner.  “Sit down,” he says.  “Don’t look. I can’t take care of both of you.”
He stares at the house for a while from the safety of the impala.
Dean snaps his head up.  “What are you talking about?  You don’t need to, like, buy groceries to contribute.  You’re the…”
“I’m going soon,” Sam says quietly.  He’s closer, now.  Close enough to touch, but Cas doesn’t.
He knows it’s crazy.  Cas has seen most versions of him at this point—torn jeans for hanging cabinets, khakis and a fresh-out-of-the-package button up for work, and lots of jeans and flannels.  But he packs and unpacks twice before throwing in one of everything.
Dean stands outside Charlie’s door for a good five minutes, staring at the eye of Sauron sticker around her peephole and trying not to crush the flowers he brought—a thoroughly inadequate apology.
He shrugs. “To wind down.”
Cas's family was homophobic and so Cas just shoved down his feelings for men.
“Fuck off, bitch,” Dean mutters, but his face isn’t angry.  It’s worried.  Scared.  Lit up from the inside like something has been ignited.
“Yeah, okay, Dean,” Sam says, shaking his head.  He spoons out some eggs and tosses some bacon on a plate, then grabs another and fills it.  “Need anything fancy, Cas?”
.  Look at you.  I just...I shouldn’t have come here.  When I find dad—”
.  “She...you can do that?”
He tries to fit it all in.  He tries to relieve Sam of all the burdens he's handed him over the years.  And it’s a lot, and all of that was unfair, too.  Their whole lives.  Just one unfair turn after another, and this is just one more.
Cas rolls over, tucking his face into Sam’s side, and Sam’s fingers curve into his hair.
Dean’s breath shudders out of him, full of some repressed emotion, and Cas is ready to hear a story of star crossed lovers, some wrong side of the tracks story, but what Dean says is:
Cas smiles.  “Thank you, Dean.  It is wonderful to have you here.  I do hope I’ve been of some use.”
he’d say.
That night, Dean takes him apart slowly.  Every trick they’ve ever learned, Dean puts to good use.  He's slow and methodical and despite all Cas’s best intentions, Dean drags sounds out of him he can’t hold back.  He can’t catch his breath.  Dean makes him beg, slides into him at long last with a sigh, and Cas feels so full he could cry with it—the way Dean promises, silently, gently, thoroughly, that they still belong to each other.
And Cas had meant what he said, that whatever Dean needs, it’s okay, and he’d meant this when he’d said it.  But it still sits in him like some festering wound, like something undone and unfinished.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I didn’t realize…”
, the same way he knows Cas’s expressions.   “Yeah, I know.  Me too.”  He kisses Cas’s forehead and when he looks down, Cas’s eyes are squeezed shut.  He kisses him again.  “You okay, need some space?”
He takes a deep breath.  “More than you know,” he says finally, and gets back to work.
“Is Jesse okay?”
They move into the living room — Cas reassures him Rowena doesn’t have any particularly precious things there that might zap him if he gets too close — and Dean sits gingerly on Rowena’s red velvet couch.
“Yeah,” Dean tells him, breathless.  “Perfect.”
He gets out of the car and makes his way to the front door, only to just miss being smacked in the face with it as Rowena strides through.
At nine, he stretches nonchalantly.  “I think it’s time to head to bed.”
. It stops him cold.  The ghost takes a long, shuddering breath.  “I...I had a good life, here.”  He speaks slowly, like the words are being dragged out of him.  “In this house.  Hannah was a good wife.  She was loyal and true and really...a great mother to our children, and a good friend to me.  And…I...”
Dean met with the kid who was selling the place a week ago, but he likes to take a walk through on his own before he brings people in. It’s a good time to get his story straight, get a feel for the place.  See if there are any areas that feel empty or dark, that he can fix with a lamp or a little table.  He’s good at this part.  Even Gabe says so.
Dean shrugs uncomfortably.  “He’s my brother, Cas.  I missed him, y’know?”
He rolls again, knots up the sheets around his ankles and turns again.  Again.
It’s perfect.
Then, remembering that Luminate’s chosen forms could change over time, he hurries to correct himself.  “I mean, as long as you're comfortable!  I think you’re great no matter what—” and there are more patterns that he can almost read, and it looks like Cas is saying he wanted to look more human for Dean, more
.  Cas’s idea of the ideal buyer is narrow — he wants a family with one or two children — no more, no less.  He never said they needed to like the house as-is, but Dean learned that lesson with the first family he brought in.  The showing had gone swimmingly until the wife had mentioned that she’d want the built-ins in the living room torn out — and then two of the windows had burst open, the sink had sprung a leak, and ominous sounds had come from upstairs.
Sam slaps the remote into his palm a few times and then holds it up.  “You got any batteries?  I think it’s dead.”
“Well, I don’t know where the fuck else he’d go,” Dean snarls.
“Cas.  I, ah, I didn’t mean—”
Something happens in Cas, something that threatens to be a sob, but is absolutely fury when it exits his body.  “We’ve been
laughing.  And not in an evil way.  In a really obnoxious, grade school way.
“We have two days, and I’m here whether you can touch me or not.  It’s enough.  It’s more than I ever thought I’d have.”  He stretches a hand between them.  “Talk to me.  Tell me about your week.  Your life.  Tell me what you’re afraid of.  Tell me everything.”
Cas looks over at him.  “Rowena’s son.”
“I dunno, truffle oil or something?”
“But you’re still…you?  Walking around in my head?”
Dean would.
“No, no.  Nothing like that.  Just work, like I said.  Tell you what?  Let’s go grab that steak with Charlie, huh?  Nothing serious, just, get out of the house.  Promise I’ll be better company, okay?”
“Wanted to know what it’s like—
Cas doesn’t know what to say, but then Dean comes in with snack food and seltzer and collapses down next to his brother.
“Wonderful, what a stroke of luck this is!  Here, have a key,” she plucks one from a dish on the island, “and feel free to stick around, I won’t be in til quite late, I’m afraid.”
Dean and Jesse have sex, but it is not described in any detail.
He’s dreamt of Cas before.  Not the kind of dream he’d
“Well, you and Cas have a lovely breakfast, I’ll be very busy in the back garden for the next…oh, hour or so.  You just yell if you need me!  Ta!”
Dean hates flying.
Dean’s dick twitches.  “Oh, it is.”
was the soft one.”  He starts to laugh but chokes on it and grabs just above his thigh.  Cas hopes he doesn’t bleed through the dressing.  He really likes those sweatpants.
“He is.”
“Because that kid is my great-grandchild.”
“Witch?”
, Cas is just pulling that full length of tentacle up and down in that corkscrew, squeezing him and moving along and jolting with that light electrical charge, and then he feels it in his ass, that pulsing jolt of Cas’s electrical current, and dean is screaming silently around the tentacles in his mouth, thrashing against the tentacles holding his wrists, coming so hard he can feel the way he’s clamping his ass on Cas’s tentacles there and he can still feel that buzz inside him, and a second wave takes him by surprise, bowing his body as everything contracts down and then
“Oh, Dean,” Rowena croons as she opens the door.  “Welcome, dear.  I was just heading back to the garden.”
“I ah, I don’t blame you for feeling the way you do.  Disgusted or whatever.  We’re all a product of our upbringing, right?  But you were a really good friend and I don’t hold it against you or anything.  I really...I know you’re—you were—you
“Oh,” Cas says quietly.  His eyes blink away as Dean strokes him, then pop back into being.  “That feels very...nice,” he says.
Cas moans softly.  “Tell me about the kiss, Dean.”
Cas smiles and sips again.  “I’m glad.”  He takes a moment to check for that itch of jealousy, but it’s absent.  “So,” he says, changing the subject.  “What are we planning?  A heist?  A hostile takeover?”
“We got tung oil, it’s got a nice shine without the high gloss.  That always looks a bit fake to me.”
and God, he feels like an asshole.  He ignores calls and texts from Charlie.  He goes to work and does the bare minimum, and Gabe sends him home early the second day.
“That sounds perfect, Dean, thank you.  It’s so wonderful to have a nice, strapping young lad around.  It’s hard when it’s just little old me, bouncing around in this big house, naught but a ghost to keep me company.”  She waves at Cas, a ‘calm down’ motion even though he hasn’t moved.  “Not that I don’t appreciate you, dearie.  It’s just…it’s helpful to have someone corporeal about, wouldn’t you agree?”
Dean chuckles.  “Like I said.  What are you thinking, then?”
“It’s all right,” Cas tells him.  “Aren’t you always telling me we have time?”
Dean may actually be the luckiest human alive right now.
Cas smiles and his eyes drift shut.
“I know.”  He can’t help but smile back.  She’s contagious.
“YOU CANNOT-” And then the ghost starts chuckling.
Cas swallows.  His voice is low and harsh when he answers.  “Well, I mean.  I do.  It sounds like an important skill.”
The house looks peaceful from here.  No bloody handprints on the windows, no weird faces peering out of the attic.
Cas looks at him indulgently.  “They do, indeed, love that shit.”
He looks up, and Sam’s eyes catch his.  They stare at each other, and Cas has no idea what his face is doing, but he can see that Sam is holding his mouth just a little too taut, his head a little too high.  He’s afraid, and he’s hurt, and Cas wonders if Sam can see the same in him.
Sam laughs.  “Nice try.  You seem to forget that I know you.  You hate the phone.  Hate it.  With a fiery passion.  So, what can I do for you?”
“Is it because you were worried about what he’d say, or because you still think you can talk me out of it?”
Tell me,” Cas says, moving slowly between his thighs.  “You must tell me if you need something more, if I cause you any pain.”
Cas kisses him softly.  His cheek, his temple.
Sam shrugs.  “Well, not really.  I mean, it’s Kansas, it’s like, banks and drugs and fronts, stuff like that.”
Dean’s smile falters, and then Cas turns away and the moment passes.
“Yeah, right. I get it, it’s no problem. Hey, one of my mom’s friends wants me to show it to her. Do you need to be there?  She wants to go tomorrow afternoon. I don’t have classes so probably around three?”
Cas swallows and his eyes flicker over Dean’s face and then back down.  “If you’d like.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dude!” Dean is horrified. “I wouldn’t do that to a kid!  Jesus!”  He huffs and takes a drink. “I save that shit for you.”  He grins slyly and Sam rolls his eyes.
Cas doesn’t mention how he’d tried to die on their doorstep.
Dean laughs.  “But Ellen taught me better.  Nothing like that at the Roadhouse.  And she really cares, you know?  She fed Sammy and me a lot when we were—”  He stops abruptly.  “Sorry, man.  I just keep talking, huh?”
“Dean,” Cas greets him with what seems to be concern as he walks in the door, and Dean is relieved to see him.  Having someone else know about Cas, what he is, and where he is—it’s a tightness in his chest, like he’s given away a secret.
“Not her thing, huh?” Dean asks, unable to stop from grinning.  “Is this for tonight?”
“All right, water and IPA coming up.  Are we drowning our sorrows tonight?”
Dean looks down where Sam is curled into him, strokes his hair, too.  “Like this.  The two of you.”
Dean’s first impression of Rowena is that she’s small, redheaded—kinda like Charlie.
It’s the same way he is with Cas when he’s sick.  When he’d had the flu the previous fall, Dean hadn’t stopped griping at him the whole time, but wouldn’t let Cas do a thing for himself for
Cas catches his arm.  He holds him, fingers solid and strong around his wrist, and he’s warm, and real and he feels amazing, and Dean is completely overcome by that contact alone.
“Being with you is like that.  Everything else is dull, and…it’s so much, Dean.”
When he sets the plates down, it’s one for Cas and one for him, and Cas tries not to think about it as anything other than a passing kindness.
“No, they do not,” he agrees, and he can’t help but feel his uncertainty cool a bit as she recognizes Cas’s handiwork.
a good person or whatever.  It meant a lot, the time we got to spend together, so thanks.  You know, for that.  For listening to me for as long as you did.  For being a friend.”
Tastes blood.
, Cas, but I think I understand the general situation,” Dean says, dripping sarcasm.
“Take out tonight?” he asks, taking a long drink.
“All by yourself.”
“Fuck off,” Sam murmurs, waving his middle finger generally in Dean’s direction without opening his eyes.
Intergalactic travel has come a long way in the last ten years, and he’d done training in zero grav back when he thought he might actually have a chance at getting a post off-world.  But he still hates the flying bits, where he’s just one mote of dust hurtling through the galaxy at lightspeed
“Well, I am.  Enough for both of us, probably.”  His smile is crooked with pain.
“Did you hear—did you know… “  He takes a deep breath.  “You think you can put up with me for a whole weekend?”
Rowena leaves for the weekend and needs someone to housesit.
to, you have to know…  But it’s a death sentence if he goes alone.  Azazel...you’ve never seen anything like him.  He’s about as evil as they come, Cas, and he’s gunning for my little brother.”  He looks up, eyes pleading.  “I don’t want to lose you, I just..I can’t let him go and pretend like I couldn’t have helped.”
Even Cas.
“Mmm,” Sam responds.
“My granddaughter read a lot of Cosmopolitan magazine.   I was bored.”
Dean shrugs.  “I try to be.  I mean, it’s not how I make a living, but it’s something concrete.  I like doing holidays, having people around.  Making sure they don’t go hungry.”
Sam is packing up their duffels and Dean is closing up the coffee they brought from home, so Cas checks under the beds and in the drawers to make sure they don’t leave anything behind.
“I know that feeling,” he says. He’s tired. He’s not the same person the hounds took to Hell. He’s a ghoul. A ghost. A skinwalker in his own skin.
Dean feels suddenly sick—too warm, too cold, too
“This is the original construction, correct?”  Her brogue is strong and oddly soothing.  She takes charge easily, leaving Dean feeling a little off kilter.  He’s not sure whether to hope for Cas to show or not.
She digs an elbow into his ribs with expert precision and he winces, forcing himself not to rub the site of the attack.
“Are you…”
There’s an old black car in the garage where his Explorer usually is.  Dean must have swapped them sometime last night.  Cas finds the SUV parked in the driveway and drives to work in a daze.  There’s a fugitive of some sort in his house, stitched expertly together with dental floss and an upholstery needle.
“Indeed you cannot,” she agrees with a small smile. She claps her hands once.  “All right, boys, you’ve convinced me. Well done. Where do I sign?”
.  He’d set him up with meals in color coded boxes, clear broth in a hot thermos, cold water in a cold thermos, and enough blankets to smother Cas to death.
This is a huge and potentially difficult chapter. I actually cried writing the end of it.  But I promise, it's all uphill from here.
Cas is restless after hours of watching the brothers orbit each other like planets.  He’s pretending to read his book.  He’s fairly certain Dean is pretending, too.
Dean swipes a hand over Cas’s stomach to smooth the come over his skin.  Cas tries not to give away how hot that makes him.
“He built both our computers, and he fixes and upgrades things around the house.  The TV.  The toaster.  We’ve got dimming switches in every room and he put some kind of miracle AI into the shower.  It’s heavenly.”
“Oh, no, no, nothing like that!  Just tiny, basic things. I have shelves to put up in the guest room, shouldn’t take you but a moment, I’d think.  Maybe you could come back tonight?  I have all the bits and bobs, it’s just a matter of putting them up.”  She looks up through her long eyelashes, batting them expectantly.
Castiel’s smile goes wide, nearly inhuman, and a blue glow shines behind his teeth.  His fingers pulse quickly, blue-purple in something pleased and vaguely...embarrassed.
Dean swallows and nods.  “Yeah.  Well. I guess things really have changed.”
Sam stares at him a long moment and then nods.
“Mm,” Sam hums.  “Wanted to do that for a while.”
“And Dean was all you had.”
Cas looks stunned, eyes wide and mouth doing something silent and repetitive, and he looks...pained.  Somehow, like Dean has
Sam touches his face gently, traces his lips, his cheekbone.  “Okay,” he breathes, and brushes his mouth against Cas’s, electric and feather light.
“Was that...okay?” Dean laughs softly.  “Oh my God.  That was, hands down, the best sex I’ve ever had in my life.  I can’t…”  He lies back for a long moment.  “Can you--is it good for you if you come here and sort of...lie down with me?”
Cas can see how much it hurts Sam to say it. He wants to reach out, pull him in, reassure him.
“Yeah, so, lets give these a whirl, huh?”
“I hope you like ‘em.”  He stops himself from adding ‘ma’am’.  He’s a grown ass man, after all.  “Let me know if you’ve got favorites.  If I’m coming over a lot, I want to be able to give you
“Nothing like Hemingway,” Cas laughs.  “He wrote ad copy for the local paper.”
The temperature evens out.
Cas sort of freezes, glitches, and then he’s back with a smile.  “Oh, a date.  That’s great, Dean.  I’m happy for you.  You should, ah, tell me about it.”
Cas’s eyebrows rise.  "Now we’re dating?”
He puts a coat of sealer on the shelves and props them up to dry, then heads back inside.  “I’ll come do another coat tomorrow morning,” he tells Cas.  “You can let me know if they need another after that, we’ll have them up next week.”
He stands in the hallway, processing, and then he smiles, remembering the food.  “Oh, hey, I’ll be right back.”
Dean thinks it through, can’t find a way Sam can pick that apart. “Yeah. So I could show him the pieces and stuff.”
“Ha.  God, yeah. Those were
Thank you for your patience and your feedback, you're all fabulous and appreciated!!!  I'm hoping to post at least weekly through November, I'm working on this (and a few other WIPs) for NaNoWriMo.  I did add a new tag and increase the total chapters to 12, since I realized I needed some things to happen before what I had planned for chapter 6 (now 7).  Thanks again, I hope you enjoy!
And then, maybe, another being with a buzzing in their ears, a fog over their eyes, memories that are larger than
“Hey, what about your favorite, you know, before…when you were…with your family?” Dean winces.
Monsters tear him open and his brother rages and cries, and none of it
Bobby smiles.  “Can’t blame it on duty anymore, boy.  Why don’t you go for a drive?”  He nods at Baby, who looks like she’s in her heyday again.
He doesn’t have a plan beyond comfort when he hears the door open, but it’s not the bathroom door.  It’s behind him.  The garage door.
, I missed him.”
The curious little tips start to pull him open, the wide tentacle starts to dip inside him, between them.  The things he can feel seem impossible, focused pressure against his prostate, that wide tentacle pushing inside, pressing in further than any human could go.  But Cas isn’t human, and he’s doing things that are beyond anything Dean could have imagined.  Dean arches up, whines and breathes harsh noises, trying and failing to tell Cas it feels good.
“Hey, Cas, I hear there’s shortbread and tea, huh?  You’ve got a hell of a roommate.”
“Huh.  You think that’s it, that you did something wrong?”
“Is that why you’re fighting now?”
Dean is dragged back to the real world.  He stalls.
not safe.  I’m not who you thought I was.  I’m..I
“You seem like you’re very good at it,” Cas says, taking a deep breath like he’s savoring an especially wonderful bite.
Cas knows he’s stumbled into something intensely private.  Something he has no right to be eavesdropping on.  He takes a breath and strides into the kitchen, grabbing a cup and pressing it against the dispenser on the fridge door before he turns toward the brothers.
”  His voice breaks and he looks down, looks destroyed, looks broken.
In the bedroom there are two boards and some brackets against the wall.
Castiel smiled and stared at Dean for a little while before getting a cookie and beginning to eat it.  He sighed and got another one after about 10 minutes, eating it and beginning to feel more and more light headed.  He suddenly began remembering how good he felt being with dean, and the need for it again.  He smirked to himself.  “I think weed makes me horny.”  He said softly, continuing to watch the movie.
Castiel felt like there was a frog in his throat, he could barely breath without letting out a moan.  He swallowed heavily and looked at dean in the eyes, noticing how green they were.  He felt dean continue to touch him, feeling the pleasure of it overwhelm him.  He felt tears well up in his eyes, not so much because he didn’t want this (even though that was sort of part of it) but because he was scared.  He’d never even touched himself before, dean was right.  It felt amazing, but he couldn’t help but be scared of it all.  He was mostly scared of it hurting, since he knew how painful this could be if not done in the correct way.
Dean grinned when he saw Cas cum, feeling proud that he’d gotten him to do that. He kept thrusting into him for a little while longer before he came as well, groaning quietly and rolling his hips through his high. Once he was done he took a second to breath before pulling out, slipping off the condom and tying it up to throw away. He looked down to Cas and chuckled, “so, what’d ya think?” He said, honestly just wanting Cas to compliment him so his ego could go up. He really expected Cas to beg for more and to be able to see him again
Dean smirked, “knew you’d like that.” He said, continuing to touch Cas. “Bet you’ve never even touched yourself before.. not when something like that could make you moan.” He said, moving his lips back up to Castiel’s jaw, then his lips. “You know you want to enjoy it, let me make it good for you too.” He said, his lips hovering over Cas’s.
Castiel kissed dean back eagerly, humming into it and moaning softly as dean touched him.  He pushed his hips up and grinded against him, biting deans bottom lip as he moved in sinc with him.  He felt dean begin to push himself in, gasping and letting out a high pitched, breathy moan into deans mouth.  He grit his teeth and moved his hands up and down his back, scratching his skin and definitely leaving long red marks on his back.  He let out small moans as dean moved in and out of him, eagerly trying to push his ass back onto deans cock.
Dean smirked and nodded, “yeah, when I saw you in the bathroom I just had to go find you again.” He said before scoffing. “Sexually assaulting you? That’s not what happened. I said I’d stop if you wanted me to and you didn’t.” He said back, crossing his arms over his chest defensively
Castiel finished up the rest of the day and eventually got to go home, leaving the school and walking back to his house.  He walked into the house, shutting the door and sitting his backpack onto the couch when he felt his phone buzz.  He pulled out his phone and frowned, sighing as he began to text him back.  Was baby blue his new nickname now or something?    He sent the text when he realized that his parents were still gone for the week, and it was only Tuesday.  He sighed and rubbed his face tiredly.  “Perfect.”  He grumbled to himself.  His parents trusted him to keep the house clean and follow his responsibilities, since he’d always done so before, but it looked like he wasn’t going to be their perfect innocent little angel anymore…
Dean shrugged, “I dunno, we can just fuckin get ice cream or something.” He suggested, though he grinned when Cas said his parents would be gone for much longer. “Scratch that then, unless you /really/ want ice cream. Sometimes it’s nice to just drive around. You can pick, baby blue.” He said, honestly not really minding whatever they did
Castiel could feel deans eyes on him every couple of minutes, and he was starting to get on his nerves.  He sighed to himself and swallowed heavily, shivers running down his back as he filled out the papers while the teacher spoke.
He got things settled and made sure everything was together and ready.  He sat down on his couch after a while and waited for dean to show up.  He heard a knock and quickly stood up, eagerly running to the door when he saw the pizza man.  He cleared his throat and paid him, taking the food from him and shutting the door after thanking him.  He sat the pizza onto the table when he realized that he practically ran to the door when he heard a knock.  He sighed and rubbed his face, realizing that he was way too eager for a guy he just had sex with a couple times.  He wished he would have the confidence to ask dean how he felt about him, but he really didn’t think he’d ever be able to.  He suddenly heard another knock, standing up and walking to the front door.  He opened it and smiled, letting him inside and shutting it behind him.  “I don’t really know what toppings you like, so I did half pepperoni and half sausage.”  He said softly, locking the door and pulling down the blinds.  It was getting late and dark, so keeping the drapes open when the light is on in the house is never a good idea.  Especially when they had the chance of having sex in literally anywhere in this house.
Castiel laughed and snorted.  “Oh my god, that’s disgusting.”  He said to him.  “You’ve got a tentacle kink, then?”  He smirked.  He sighed and shook his head.  “No, I don’t think you’re a deep person.  Which is why it’s pretty easy to see that you’re still keeping something.”  He smiled at him and sighed a little.  “But that’s okay.”  He patted deans cheek and picked up another cookie, taking a bite.  He stood up and walked to the kitchen to get a drink, opening the fridge and grabbing a cup.
Dean chuckled, almost looking astounded at everything Cas said. “That’s definitely not my nickname.” He said, looking away. Normally Dean would act tough and stare right back at anyone who was looking at him, but there was just something about Cas.. he liked it when He was bossed around or talked to like that by him.
Deans words went through one ear and out the other, his head up in the clouds as he tried to think about literally anything.  He looked at dean when he saw him hold out the joint, taking it from him and taking a drag from it without hesitating.  He sighed deeply to himself, finally thinking about something.  He thought about dean.  How good he felt earlier that day and a few days ago.  He remembered how good it felt and he wanted it again.  He really wanted it again.
Castiel held onto deans shoulders, crying out softly as he felt dean move his hips back and forth in and out of him.  He felt amazing, and being high only made it even better, it felt like he was floating, pleasure coursing through him as he did.  He pushed his face into deans neck, moaning quietly.  “Fuck, dean.”  He said in almost a whisper.
Dean was stunned by Cas’s house, never having been so close to one that was so nice looking. It was even nicer looking on the inside, Dean couldn’t really get over it. “Shit man.. you’ve got a really nice fuckin house.” He said, looking around as he took a few steps inside. “Almost makes me not want to disturb anything.” He chuckled softly before turning back to Cas. “Where do you wanna do it this time?” He asked, giving Cas a little bit of a choice
Dean just put on a pair of sweat pants and got onto Cas’s bed, usually being one to flip down onto his bed, but honestly just being too tired to be reckless. He normally cuddled up to a pillow when he was in his own bed, needing the extra comfort and something to hold onto. So when he laid down and felt Cas lay down next to him, he instantly gravitated towards him and reached out, wrapping his arms around Cas and pulling him close to himself. The other boys warmth instantly soothed Dean and he sighed softly, his eyes already closed as he started to fall back to sleep
Castiel shook his head.  “I never said that, but I doubt you know how to braid.”  He snorted.  Castiel arched an eyebrow and smiled a little, scoffing softly.  “I already can’t walk.”  He mumbled, wondering how long and rough they’d have to be in order for dean  to not be able to feel his dick?  He sighed and adjusted himself, humming quietly.  “Yeah, I do.”  He sat up and looked at dean in the eyes.  “Here’s my deal, baby green.”  He smirked.  “You get to pick wherever you wanna fuck me, I don’t care where, but, you have to help me clean up afterwards.  Or until we’ve rested long enough to clean.   Alright?”  He wanted to show dean that he wasn’t asking, he was just saying it.
Castiel flinched roughly once dean started fucking his face, gasping around him and trying to make small noises, but being stopped by deans rough and constant movements.  He felt tears fill his eyes as he gagged, suddenly feeling a warm and thick substance fill his throat and his mouth in a split second.  He pulled away from dean and coughed, swallowing most of it, but choking a little as he tried to catch his breath, his chest heaving up and down.
Dean shrugged, “we can just skip to something else then. Maybe ice cream later.” He said, smirking some and driving out of the center of town. “You wanna kinda.. rebel, against your parents right? You can’t /want/ to keep living the way they’re making you, it’s not even really a life.” He said. “I have idea to help you get a little farther away from what you’re expected to be like. It’s not much, but it might make you feel better.” He chuckled softly
Castiel got a glass of milk and sipped from it as he walked back to the living room, sitting down next to him and sighing a bit.  He sat the glass down and wondered what their relationship was now.  He yawned and leaned his head against deans shoulder, watching the tv quietly.  He was still tired, but he wanted to make sure dean and him were... together?  He honestly had no idea.  One thing he wanted to find out was what dean was still hiding from him.  He could keep secrets from him, that’s fine.  But if they’re in a relationship, he can’t not know.  He wants to help, and he can’t help unless dean lets him.
Castiel gasped loudly and cried out, feeling the pressure in his stomach slowly begin to rise, getting closer and closer to his edge.  He gasped softly and tossed his head back, his dull nails digging into deans back.  The pressure slowly built up until he hit his climax, bucking his hips up and cumming all over his and deans chests.
Castiel put his head against the couch cushion as his chest heaved up and down, trying to catch his breath as he swallowed through his dry throat.  He listened to dean and he glared at the couch in front of him, sighing and adjusting his legs that were starting to get sore.  “Figure that one out all on your own, Sherlock?”  He breathed out heavily, his heartbeat ringing in his ears.
Sam perks up.  “Well, something like that.  We were talking about the power structures—our problem is Azazel, but there are actually a few families out there that tend to trade territory—”
to enjoy the food as it cooks.  More ingredients join the chaos on the small counter when he assembles a sweet and spicy rub for the roast he decides to pick up after work.
“Right.” Dean nods and raises an eyebrow expectantly.
And Cas’s mind, which has been reeling for the past 14 hours, gets stuck on that, uncomprehending.  “Your...your brother?”
“Yeah, no, I know that. I’m just…this whole, uh, dating a ghost thing is new to me, you know?”
Dean nods.  “Yeah, we talked about it. She’s offering a fair price.”
“I’m fairly certain that isn’t a profession,” Cas says primly.  “I mean that I can’t help them keep up on the house because I can’t
Cas feels like he’s being torn apart.  Dean had been happy.  They’d been happy, and then Sam had come, and Cas had seen a new side of Dean. The one who watched his brother with hungry eyes, studied him like a wild animal.  Studied him like he might never see him again.  And Cas had liked that Dean, too.  That hungry, lean version.
He turns back to watch Cas and then lets himself fall backward.  “This is amazing,” he says, and Cas hovers above him, tentacles twisting in the air like he’s not quite sure what to do.
The carrier lands without incident, and Dean files out with the high class passengers, refusing to feel self conscious in his secondhand water recycling suit and old tech.
Cas appears in front of him, nearly getting himself walked through.  “Dean?”
“Told him,” Dean says, biting off each word as he jacks Cas with single minded attention, “He should find out for himself.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam laughs and smacks Dean on the arm; Dean laughs, too, the kind that crinkles his eyes.  He holds up a bite of bacon; Sam takes the entire thing in his mouth, all the way to Dean’s first knuckle, and Cas watches Dean press his finger into his brother’s mouth further, gaze intense and hot, everything slow-motion, and there is no mistaking that expression.  Then the world winds up again, sounds filter back in, and Dean catches sight of Cas.
He wracks his brain for a reason that’s vague enough not to inspire five million questions, then shakes his head.  It’s a lost cause with Charlie.  The girl is
“That was more of an emotional reaction, I think.  I don’t control it, and so I can’t really use it to repair issues and suchlike.”
“Absolutely,” Dean says with a stilted laugh.  “That’s why you listed with me, right?”
Cas trails off and blinks out of view.  Dean spins around and finds him hovering over Gabe’s horrifying coffee, nose in the steam, huffing it like some sort of addict.
kill you if it’s clowns.”
“Yes of course.”  Cas winds the tip of his tentacle around Dean’s fingers, pulsing gently, and pulls Dean just a few meters away.  “I didn’t wish to make assumptions, but I did want you to be comfortable here, so I had this brought just in case,” he says.  “There are also human accommodations in the lower layer, if you prefer them.”
Cas steps in and collapses forward.
Dean moves around to Cas’s side, and he’s doing the same, stroking himself fast, breathing hard.  He reaches out to touch Cas’s ribs as he works his hand, slick and loud in the quiet room.
He won’t miss the place when he goes, but he doesn’t think that’ll be anytime soon.
It’s his fault, of course.  Being distracted.  Not being able to put himself back together.  Not being able to be satisfied with pie and burgers and other people’s credit cards.  Thinking too much when he should have been fighting.
“I’ll tell you. Keep going.  Show me what you’ve learned.”  Dean can barely breathe as a tentacle slides across his balls, cinches around them and pulses gently.
Cas fills the carafe with water and feels tears rise in his throat.
It takes some time for them to look back at him, but it doesn’t occur to Cas to mind—not when he can watch them like this—so intimate and gentle.  He can see them vying for power, angle shifts and quick bites, but he’s not even sure if they know they’re doing it.  It might just be an extension of how they are with each other.
Something complex washes over Sam’s face.  He licks his lips and looks at the end table.  “I hope so.  Nothing you guys need to worry about, you know?  You’ve done enough.”
His feet are leaden as he walks Alfie and Rowena back to her car.
“Is he going to be staying here?” Cas asks.
Sam doesn’t move.
“There’s a lot you can do from far away, Dean,” Charlie says, heading into the living room and collapsing onto the couch.  “Talking, for one.  Let him talk through it.  A sympathetic ear goes a long way.  And maybe you can send him something, right?  Like, his favorite snack food, or something he’d find comforting—a drink, a blanket...just something to let him know you’re thinking of him.”
Rowena grins her conniving piranha grin again.  “See you tomorrow then, love.  I’m going to head upstairs myself, I’m just bushed.  Lock the door behind you if you would?”
“Fuck that.  You need time and a
“I’m not
The door is open, but Cas doesn’t want to just walk in.  It may be temporary, but the room is Sam’s for now.
He’s been trying not to think about it lately, how something like this, like Sam, could tip Dean over again.  Something like this could make a drink seem like an easy way to take the edge off.  But he trusts Dean.  He has to.
“Cas…” Sam trails off, sounding helpless.  Sounding just like Dean does, every time it comes up.
Dean and Cas have an evening alone at Rowena's.
.  I don’t want to go too fast, but there are...ah…a lot of places I’ve imagined you putting those things.”
Dean laughs.  “Well, if she’d asked me to build in a shelving unit, you’d be going full on Amityville right now.”
Dean shifts his angle and suddenly Cas is on fire.
to sell it.”
He doesn’t want to give up, but this is Cas’s place. He takes a deep breath. “I won’t come back.  I know it’s uncomfortable, probably, for me to be here.  I just...I wanted you to know that.  Okay?”  He looks around, and he’s sort of hoping Cas will appear and apologize or explain or even be angry, but of course he doesn’t.  “Okay, then.  Guess...guess this is good-bye.”
Dean scoffs, just like always. “Shut up.  Just made it for me, y’all are caffeine collateral.”
“Sam?” Cas prompts after a moment.
Cas shrugs.  “She’s generally opinionated but not subtle in her affections.  Or lack thereof.  So I think you’ll know very quickly if she’s upset.  She didn’t seem angry when she told me to have you come in.  She seemed distracted, actually.”
Dean looks around more urgently, hoping Cas will pop up, but there is no saving him from this.  “Sure, I guess I could come by around 7 or so?  I’ll just grab some dinner first.”
“Yes,” Dean cuts him off.  How can he be so damn sexy and clinical at the same time?  “Yes, please, whatever you want.”
"All right, drama queen, easy on the wine coolers.”
He feels Dean stiffen and then slowly, slowly relax again.  His hands fall from Cas’s waist and Cas wonders if he pushed too far.
Dean seems marginally more relaxed when Cas gets home the next day.  Sam is on the couch watching TV and fiddling with a can of seltzer.  “Any way I can get a beer?” he asks softly, as if somehow Cas will be easier to convince than Dean.
Finally, he takes a deep breath and lifts his fist to knock.
Dean nods.  He remembers that, when HD felt like it could reach out and grab you.
It feels like drowning.
Cas is smiling with soft affection when Dean turns to him.  It makes Dean want to kiss him all over again.
Sam nods.  “Yeah.  It’s been a long time.  You guys have a great thing going here.  I’ll be out of your hair in no time, no worries.  Sorry to, ah, drop in like this.”
“It’s fine.  I think everything will be fine,” he says, sounding unconvinced.  “I expect it will be nice and quiet.”
“Oh,” she says, raising an eyebrow.  “How exotic.  Made them yourself, did you?”
Dean takes a deep breath and then a long pull on his bottle.
Dean feels a strange sort of elation.  “You can cross the road?”
“I’d like that.  See you then.”
.  He gets that Twilight Zone feeling again, something like vertigo.
“Thank you, dearie.  I’m off to visit some friends this weekend, but I don’t want the house empty, and I just planted a willow in the yard that needs attention.  I don’t suppose you’d be free to look after the place for me?”  Dean’s brain stalls as she continues.  “Of course you can go about your usual things, I won’t keep you captive.  It’s just to discourage people from snooping, you understand.”
“That what you want, Cas?  Wanna hear me scream?”
The angel is a mystery. A problem to solve, an irritation to put down. Maybe a power to use.
The sound of wings is loud in his ears.
“Angry ghost, angry ghost.  Holy
“Is it…” He gasps again as Cas rubs, slow and deep, behind his balls.  “You’re okay?”
“Do you...should I still come by tomorrow?  For coffee?” Dean asks, terrified of the answer.
“Cas?”
Dean gets up and lets himself reach out.
Dean licks it away while Cas watches, and dear God, if he were ten years younger, that might’ve been another orgasm.
“She waived the inspection,” Dean says, helpless and a bit numb.  “Cas, there’s nothing I can do.”
“I’ll tell you what you want to know, Dean,” Cas says quietly.  His blue eyes are piercing.
Cas smiles at the correction and feigns ignorance. “I hope so!” he says, loosening his tie and unbuttoning his shirt with one hand as he puts his briefcase in the closet with the other.
He opens them again to find Dean and Sam kissing just above him.  He can see the flash of tongue, lazy between them, and his whole body takes notice.
“Like this?”  Cas’s eyes drop down, take their time moving up Dean’s body, leaving heat in their wake.  He stares at Dean’s lips and then drags his gaze back up to his eyes, and that’s it.  Dean is done pretending this isn’t something he wants.
He smiles softly, unsure what to say.  “Goodnight,” he finally says softly.
“Are you all right?  Was that okay?”
Cas’s face shines when he says it, like he’s only just realized his power.  “Yes, Dean.  Show me.”  He focuses on one hand, increasing the pressure, the speed of his strokes, sliding tip to root and back again, bracing himself with one hand so he’s hovering over Dean’s body when Dean finally comes with a groan, curling in with it, his entire body unraveling into that tight space where everything is exploding.  He comes for what feels like minutes, painting his chest and Cas’s with stripes of thick come.
Sam sits up, obviously surprised.  “Wait, what?  You’re coming with us?”
Cas nods and starts taking out mugs.  Two.
“Yup, got it.  Oh, I think my signal—oh, I think I’m losing—Gabe?”  He hangs up the phone and ignores the return call.
“Hey, hey!  You can’t murder a guy for not appreciating your woodworking!  That’s maybe a little overkill, you know?”
“It’s all right—”
Sam stirs against Cas and he and Dean look down.
Dean barely hears her, he’s grinding through excuses and then he hears Cas’s name and looks up, and she’s still going on about the shortbread and he’s nodding before he can think better of it.
Dean looks around again and there’s an odd sheen to the human he’s looked past twice in his search for Cas.
“Yeah, what can I do?”
Sam nods. “Sounds like a really good friend.”
They watch in silence, Dean hyper-alert as the action unfolds.  He tracks Cas in his periphery, how he’s sitting, what his expression is, what he laughs at, where he’s sad and horrified, where he’s delighted.  The movie isn’t nearly as interesting as Cas’s reactions.  Dean leans back to watch them better, turning his head just slightly to catch Cas’s profile.
“Baby?” Cas asks.
Dean stumbles in and mumbles under his breath, looks almost himself if Cas ignores the bags under his eyes.
Cas laughs, his dour mood seeming to lift.  “I’ll let her know not to ‘fuck up’ your ‘angel’.”
He can tell Cas doesn’t believe him, but the ghost nods anyway.  “Yes, thank you Dean.”
When he suddenly realizes he can cook
“It does.  It’s from this place nearby, I know the owner.   The food is incredible.  The steak, they cook it rare, the glaze is slow cooked all day.  Honey and bourbon, smoked paprika, peppercorns, I don’t even know the whole recipe—Ellen won’t—”  He trails off and laughs. “Listen to me, you don’t care about that stuff.”
There are purple bruises starting to form on the man’s ribs and abdomen.
Sam smacks him on the shoulder.  “I feel your pain, buddy,” he says, falling back.  “I always hated road trips. They were more Dean’s thing.”
Dean goes stiff in his arms.
Cas’s mind spins over too little information, moments, names, the questions that used to make Dean clam up and shake his head.
“The fuck, man?” Dean asks indignantly.
“Hey, did you ever…”  Dean doesn’t quite have the time to stop his mouth before it opens.  “Wow, nevermind.”  He laughs nervously.
Dean folds into him, head down and pressed into his chest.  “Always too good for me,” he says, and it would be too soft to hear except Cas knows the rhythm of it.  He’s heard it a million times.  Another thing he thought they’d left behind.
Cas growls low under his breath.  “You don’t want me to touch you?”  His hand slides lower on Dean’s chest, over his shirt but with clear R-rated intent.
Cas looks up cautiously.
Cas watches him for a few long moments, Dean can see him out of the corner of his eye as he starts to pour the third one.  Finally, Cas moves forward and sniffs, and that look of enjoyment crosses his face, the one that makes Dean feel accomplished, somehow.
, I wish it was different now, when
Sam says he thinks too much, but Dean’s pretty convinced that he thinks
Dean looks at him.  “Dude.
Dean leans in, down, fits his lips against Cas’s and holds his face like the delicate, precious thing it is.  His throat tightens, clogs, his breath comes rough, he sobs.  Closing his eyes, Dean drags in air like he might drown here.  Happily.
“Soulmate,” Dean whispers, wishing he could use Cas’s language to say it, that beautiful aurora of color and play and light has more complexity to it than the sounds he manages to make.  “Cas you’re incredible.”
“I am, too.”
“Yes, darling,” Cas returns, deadpan, grabbing the mug and breathing the coffee smell hungrily.
Dean sits next to her.  He nods a few times, unable to speak for a long moment.  He swallows.  “Guess you have a lot of practice with Dorothy, huh?” he finally manages, hoping she’ll take the conversation in a new direction.
Dean opens his mouth and doesn’t know what to say.  “Uh.  Yeah.  For sure.  Are there...were there…”
“You do that.  In the meantime, I’m gonna live it
Sam gives him a sly smile, like they're in on some joke together.  “Does it play Led Zeppelin?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, earning another glare.  He turns back to watch the screen in silence, but Dean catches his small smile.
Cas kisses him, slow and deep, until the tension in his shoulders ease.  “Goodnight, my love.”
“That sounds like it might be good?”
Dean drags himself up from the floor—the staging furniture has all been cleared away now that the house is all but sold.  “I’ll see you tomorrow,” he says, and Cas’s face lights up with a smile that literally takes Dean’s breath away.
“I hope you boys are decent,” Rowena croons, taking her time in the hallway before finally making her way into the living room.  She smiles at them, broad and sharp.  “Ah, you got the movies, wonderful.  I wasn’t sure which you meant when Cas brought it up, and I thought, who better to show him than you, Dean.  I trust you had a good evening?”
Cas smiles.  “That sounds wonderful, Dean.  Have you seen
Sam’s going to pay for that now, and isn’t that exactly the kind of balance Dean never wanted in the world?
“Dean.  Let me—”  His voice is rough and harsh with something like...like
“Take this off.” Dean tugs at the hem of his shirt, and Cas struggles out of it with a little help.
“So, people change, here?”
Cas’s first pick, which Dean queues up from an internet database, is
Dean laughs.  “Cas, is that you?  Can I…?”  He reaches out for a hug, then draws back in embarrassment. The human-like form throws him off, but he
Dean gets a call that evening from Alfie. “Hey, Mr. Winchester.  I just wanted to see if you’ve had any offers yet?”
dreams.
“You okay, baby?” Dean murmurs, sliding up from where he’s been working.
They share a long look before Dean half-turns to leave, missing the doorknob twice.  The rest of his day is a complete blur.
“I need you to know,” Cas says gently, “This is your dream, but I’m not part of it.  I’m not your subconscious.  Anything that happens here, I’ll remember when you wake up.  So, I just need you to know that.  Before...before you say anything.”
Dean groans deep and nods.  “Yes, yes, a little, just a little, want to feel you, Cas, please,
“Yeah.  I, ah...I kissed Sam today,” Dean tells him.
Cas is talking and he’s really crying now and his voice keeps breaking, “I wish it had been different then.  And…
“Thank you, Dean, I think I have a better understanding now.”
When Cas doesn’t respond, Dean opens his eyes.  Cas stands ramrod straight and looks down at the shoe rack in the hallway.
“Yes, I am.  Is it easier, to hear me?  I know sometimes I speak very quickly in Luminate.  It can be difficult for your rods and cones to process.”
Cas puts a hand through the wall under each set of marks.  “Perfect, right on center.”
He’s never been this bad at this.  Ever.  Dean Winchester has been charming humans for decades.  It shouldn’t be this hard.  “Thank you,” he says, looking over at Cas again, marvelling at his beautiful patterns and shapes.
He opens the door to find a stranger there - tall and pale and shivering and absolutely soaking wet.
Dean backs up a little, letting Cas’s tentacles recede so he can gasp, “No, Cas, no that was perfect, so good.  You can...again.  And there are other...if you want.  I want…
Dean relaxes.
“Great!  I’ll tell Jesse we’re on for next Thursday!”
.  Like a tongue.  A wet, hungry tongue, lapping at his hole.  Dean is almost disappointed by how human it is, and then something whip thin penetrates, passage eased by the mess that’s been left behind.  Another joins it.  Thin, still, but strong, and they start moving inside him, careful and curious, pushing and prodding like tiny fingers up inside him, even as that wet tentacle keeps licking at him.
He wouldn’t take it if there were.
Cas smiles.  “Thank you, Dean.”
“I mean, aren’t we?  If you’ll have me.”  He squirms under Cas’s intense gaze.
Dean yanks the door to his apartment closed and performs the daily battle with the lock.  Humid days are the worst - the door gets swollen and he’s never sure if one day the door jamb is going to win. As it is, he hasn’t been able to throw the bolt for two months.
Well.
But he’s not a monster, the guy’s a ghost for crying out loud.
Dean smiles.  “I’m glad it worked out okay.”
He grits his teeth and dives back into conversation—how did Jesse and Charlie meet, how long has he been in the area, what does he like to do?
He wears a blue t-shirt with a new flannel—why mess with a classic, he finally decides.  And he contemplates a long while before shaving and throwing on a light cologne.  He looks good, or so people tell him, but it doesn’t hurt to show a guy you put some effort in.
“Yeah, right?  I was wondering if you still had them.”
Both of them move inexorably down his body and anticipation makes him jump, his limbs suddenly not under his control.  The brothers reach his hip bones at about the same time, tongues and teeth working there until he’s in a daze and can’t think beyond the feel of their mouths, the anticipation of what’s next.
Time stretches, impossibly long as Cas continues to touch him.  He’s completely unpredictable, moving fast and then slow, stroking Dean’s thighs and then his balls, his cock, his stomach.  Dean’s skin is on fire, he jumps with every new contact, pressure building slow and warm as Cas works him over with infinite patience.  At some point, he sits up, wedging himself between Dean’s legs so he can use both hands to alternate firm and soft strokes.  He works tirelessly, tugging and pressing and bringing Dean close but never over until Dean’s speechless, can barely think, until he’s begging.
Dean smiles weakly, still reeling inside.  “Yes, thank you.”  He tries to remember why he's there in the first place.  Finally, he says, “I’ll, ah, be back tomorrow to finish up sealing the shelves, and we can probably mount them Friday if that works?”
Cas looks up at him, expression going from curious to amused.  “I am.  Are you?  Believe it or not, hand jobs were not invented by your generation.”
“It’s okay.”  He pulls Dean closer, heart aching. “Dean, whatever you need - from him, from me - it’s okay.”
“Fuck, yeah.  Yeah, I did.  He’s fucking huge but I got him so worked up, babe, he could barely talk—“  He speeds up, jerking Cas in earnest, and Cas is listening but can’t ask, can’t respond, can’t beg to hear how Sam’s mouth tastes.
.  He’s obviously involved in his family’s life — as much as he can be, being dead and all.  He’s certainly doing a better job than John Winchester, alive and probably well, not that Dean would know, two states away and happy to be there with family number two.
bad.”
Which of course, he has. “I mean, of course you are. But I just mean…  Eh, don’t worry about it.”
He wakes up late, and by the time Jesse drops him off at his car, his choices are to shower and change his clothes or drop by and see Cas on his way to work.
Cas's laughter trails off slowly.  There's so much he doesn't know.  “He’s not the same.”
“Oh.  Hello,” Cas says, stepping into the kitchen to find the giant - Sam - wearing his sweatpants and an oversized t-shirt.
Cas shakes his head.  “That sounds very nice but I have no idea what that means.  I do miss a good bourbon.”
you.  And I’m going with you.”
Even expecting it, he jumps, then heaves a sigh. “Cas, c’mon! You know I have to sell this place, right?”
He misses Sam.
Cas laughs uncertainly.  “I trust you.”
Cas tips his head and speaks in a low voice.  “Hello, Dean.  I’m very pleased to meet you at last.”   He extends a hand and Dean reaches out to meet it, finding Cas’s skin warm to the touch and tingly from the gentle current of Cas’s electricity.  It’s unreal to be feeling it in person.  He tries and fails to stifle a grin as he switches on the WF unit to play the message.
“I do,” Cas murmurs into his ear, shifting so he’s leaning over Dean, sliding a hand into his pants.  “I’ve been thinking about this for so long.  I want to hear the noises you make when I pleasure you.”
“Hell yeah, man.”  Dean doesn’t need a lot of convincing.  He tells himself it’s because it’s Star Trek.  “Let’s do it!”
is his future.
“I do.  It helps a lot, Dean.  You don’t have to be there to show that you care.”  She tips until her head is resting on his shoulder.  “You don’t want to talk about it, do you?”
Dean wriggles around and kisses him again.  “Sam and I are doing some planning in the kitchen, I got the impression you wanted in.”
“Bourbon, huh?  A man of refined taste.”
he means.  And he wants to be okay with that, because he’s always believed that a relationship was between two people that chose to be together every day. But a chasm is opening in his chest.
he aches with it.
to have, if he’s honest, but the guy has shown up, said cryptic things and then disappeared when Dean reached out.
It feels like Cas has been waiting for this moment his whole life.
“It’s a common saying, babe.”
one, because you are butchering the pronunciation.
Cas laughs.  “Well, he’s gotten better, there, thank goodness.  Unless we're driving somewhere," he amends.  "Which we don't get to do very much anymore.  But he'll say..."  He trails off, snorting laughter and adopting his best ‘Dean’ voice.  "Driver picks the music--"
“Sure, you’ll do what
At long last, he steps in and squeezes the breath right out of Cas’s lungs.  “Jesus Christ, Cas.  How on earth did you get so awesome?”
Cas swallows.  “You’re here, now.  It would have destroyed him if you’d left alone.”
“Hmmm?” Cas manages.  He folds into one of the chairs at the table and notes how easily Sam is moving around the house, now.
Dean pulls a cookie out and grabs a paper towel.  “They really taste better warmed up,” he offers as way of an explanation, popping it into the microwave for 10 seconds.
“Yeah, I mean I cooked when I was a kid, too, but mainly, like, Kraft mac and cheese, you know?  Eggs.”  He looks up.  “You know that boxed mac and cheese stuff?”
Dean laughs softly, strokes a tentacle and then forms a gentle fist around it.  Pulls very carefully.  “It is easier, but I
,” as Dean sucks again.  “...it can react poorly if I go too far.”
sure of what she wants and what’s important to her.  From the moment Dean opens the front door, she strides in like she already knows the layout.  Dean trails after her, Alfie bringing up the rear.
Cas looks down to the side, a tiny smile on his face.  Like he’s embarrassed.  Christ, Dean’s been here before.  This is the moment they’d kiss.  Plan to see each other again.  Exchange phone numbers.
He waits until Rowena’s gone upstairs, and then steps forward, closer to the ghost.  “I wanna make this work,” he says.  “I can’t even think about being with anyone else.  Haven’t for a while.  You know?  I’m done pretending this isn’t what I want.  Okay?  I’ll see you tomorrow, I’m gonna kiss you again soon.  As long as…”  His confidence wanes.  “Is that what you want?”
, it’s worse knowing that it’s not hatred on Cas’s side, it’s something else, and just thinking about Cas having gone through that, of having never been able to do anything about it, having him so close, now—
“Cool, I’ll stop by tomorrow and pick them up?”
“Me too,” he tells her, holding a little too tight.
“Cas, what the—fuck!  You can’t sneak up on people like that!”
“Oh no,” he says, holding up a hand and glaring at her. “You are not setting me up again.”
anything Dean can send him.  And Dean can listen, but he can’t really
Dean takes a deep breath to slow his pounding heart.  “Somewhere in the middle, I think, is the way to go.”  He finds himself staring.
He smiles before he looks over, heart slowing.  “Cas.  Good to see you, man.”
He scrubs a hand through his hair and sighs when, at 8, he finds himself surrounded by a mess of dishes and muffins and high-end ingredients.  Every discarded pair of pants is thrown haphazardly over his mismatched kitchen chairs.
“Dean!”  Cas flickers into existence down the hall and walks toward him.  “It’s good to see you.  Rowena left some dinner in the refrigerator if you want it.  It smelled wonderful.”
, he wants to say.  “Guest of honor,” he manages smoothly.  “Anyhow, you
Cas meets him back in the car after Rowena grills him like an overprotective mother.
“I have to sell it, Cas.”
The pain.
Dean doesn’t point out that he’d been hoping for a lot more.  “At least she really loves the place, you know?”
Charlie hits the remote and Star Wars, Episode 4 starts up.  Dean can finally take a breath.
But this is an undeniable truth.  That Cas feels it, too.  There’s still a lot to learn, a lot to grow into, but
For a single second, Cas contemplates going back and asking for a different room, and then he realizes he just doesn’t care. If It bothers Dean or Sam, they can ask.
Dean feels his body, buzzing from orgasm, surrounded by Cas.  He feels safe, he feels cared for.  He feels...home.  Lightyears from his home planet, he feels like he’s right where he needs to be.
“No problem,” Dean reassures, but he’s only got eyes for Cas.
“Just pull around, dearie,” she tells him.  “Let’s not scare the neighbors.”
“Yeah, Cas.  Yeah, for sure.  So, I’d hold him against me, gentle, and I’d take my time, open my mouth, feel his breath, maybe his tongue—give him a chance to back off if he’s not into it.  It’s a first kiss.  I want him to feel good, excited.  I want him to want more.”  It’s like...like phone sex.  But a million times better.  He’s sporting a semi, desperate to hear Cas tell him what he’d do, what he’d want.
Dean turns to Cas as Sam works along his neck.  “You want us…?”  He gestures at Cas’s chest and gives a single loose gesture.
“Hey, the day’s not a complete loss. I brought you a maple latte.”
“He doesn’t blame you.  He came here because he trusts you.”
“BE GONE—”
“Thanks,” he says weakly as she heads out the back door with her hat and gloves in hand.
The man’s face brightens and he moves toward Dean, more gliding along the ground than actually walking.
Dean nods along.  “Yeah, I get it.  Okay.  So…”  He huffs out a breath, contemplating, trembling.  Finally, he asks.  “When we—yesterday, was I reading that wrong?  Did you…Cas, did you want to kiss me as bad I wanted to kiss you?”
“Cas?” Dean asks quietly.  He steps forward.  It’s just a dream, but he still wants it.  Still wants this moment, whatever he can steal before his mind brings him somewhere else.  He takes another step and Cas’s coat whips forward and snaps against his leg.
By the time Charlie grabs him in a hug from behind, he’s halfway to a buzz and they’ve managed to while away 20 minutes, no problem.
Cas nods.  “I felt the car, the engine is very distinctive.  I was expecting you to come in.  I…”  His face drops suddenly.  “I hope I’m not keeping you.”
And it’s obviously foolish because there’s no reason Cas would be okay with Dean dating guys, and it’s not even really reasonable to expect it, considering how he probably grew up, and also, he’s a
The food is amazing.  Cas must have gone grade A simulation to start, and then, being a perfectionist, he cooks it with molecular level attention to detail.  He doesn’t have a kitchen, of course, but Dean watches in fascination as he uses his limbs to excite the molecules of the meat until they’re steaming, and then serves it up with a flourish on a decorative ceramic plate.
“Yeah, Cas,” he finally says.  “Me too.”  The tears are falling, now, over his face and down the lines of his throat. “Me too.”  He slides across the seat, sitting as close as he can without accidentally ending up in the ghost, and wishes more than anything in the world that it was ninety years ago and he could hold Cas’s hand.
Dean stands, trembling. Bloody.
“Do you want to be cuddled?” Cas asks.
The light buzzing in his stomach sinks like a stone.  “Oh, God, what now?  You didn’t tell her I was mean to you, did you?  I think she’d literally skin me alive.”
“I may not have done much cooking, but I do know what a long day feels like,” Cas tells him, voice tinged in amusement.
Dean nods.  “You’re the expert, man.  I like it.  Hey, these are great pieces—nice and straight, no knots.  You sit her down for lessons?”
Dean is reading in bed when Cas comes in and strips down, tossing his clothes in the hamper.
He shakes his head.  At least they’re including him now—he’ll show them what he has to offer.
Charlie arches an eyebrow but doesn’t argue.  “I was saying that we could try that steakhouse, Ricardo’s, next time.  They have a really nice vegetarian selection for Gilda, too.  We ate there last week and the pasta was amazing. That would be fun, right?”
Dean shrugs and gestures Alfie to follow along as Rowena strides over to the built-ins around the fireplace.
“Don’t you worry,” Rowena tells him quietly after Alfie’s in the passenger seat. “I’ll take good care of it. All of it.”
Cas grabs the covers on either side of him and tries not go completely airborne as they work together, one finally moving up to take his cock in their mouth, working their tongue underneath and Jesus fucking
“Oh, don’t get me wrong.  I was Hell on wheels, man.  I skipped school, chased skirt—” he freezes, cursing himself for bringing
Cas blinks at him.  “Oh, well, I believe Rowena let you know what she wanted—“
Dean can’t help but smile at that.  “Yeah, I got that impression, too.”
He has the sinking feeling that any objection he provides will be dismissed in her demure piranha manner.  “Yeah, that sounds great.”
“Or you can leave it?”
He grabs the tire iron out of the trunk before he goes in.  Just in case.
“All right, then,” Dean resolves.  “I’ll do it.  Live it up, see if we can’t get you beamed up, eh, Scotty?”  He chuckles and then laughs out loud when Cas looks at him quizzically.
Cas laughs softly.  “Yes, it was fine.  Once the inspector left, the mother came and took it out to the rest of the family.”
He’d been expecting Cas to look the way he did on his ICEP ID - a blue tinged and glowing form of tentacles and feathers and tiny blue eyes in delicate formations along the main body mass.  That, Cas had told him, was the form that was most natural for him when he was material.
Dean shrugs. “Hey, you know, sometimes you bring in an expert—“
“It’s fine,” Cas says, glancing around the kitchen like he’s planning.  “What style is the house?  Do you have furniture?  When is her birthday?”
Anyway, he’s having fun. He hasn’t had a friend like Cas in a long time and it’s nice. Nothing wrong with that, enjoying someone’s company. He’s a ghost, for cryin’ out loud! It’s exciting!
Sam tips his head.  “I mean, it’s your house, you can do whatever you want.”
Sam is slower, more methodical.  He’s learning what Cas likes, spontaneous but also studious as he explores.  He uses the pads of his fingers to graze Cas’s skin—not quite light enough to be ticklish, not quite firm enough to give him relief—just enough to make him crazy for it.
“Do you mind if I eat?” Dean asks.  “You could...you know, if you wanted—have a seat and see if there’s something you’d like?”
Sam grins.  “So he hasn’t gone
“No, not yet,” Dean tells him.  He should have called, he knows he should have, but he hates not having good news.  “It can take time, but the house is in great shape, it’s just a matter of finding the right fit.”
“Don’t you
“Can I stretch you more?” Cas asks in a hushed voice.  “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Have you,” he tries, breathless.  “Have you—can you hold me? My wrists?”
Dean gets bad news from the home inspector, visits his brother on a special occasion, and gets a call from someone unexpected.
“Dean,” he says quietly, looking at the grain of the door.  He doesn’t even know what to say.  There’s so much he wants to know, and so little he has a right to.
“Yeah.  Like that.  So,” he clears his throat.  “Once we’re on the same page, I’d lean in slow, let him meet me half-way,” and he leans forward, watching Cas’s eyes and mouth, wishing desperately that they could do this for real.
He nods and they move toward the door.  Sam kisses them both before he swings the door open and they step into the early morning sunlight together, ready to face whatever comes their way.
Dean jumps and spins, catching his camping chair with his foot and nearly sending it off the pier.  “Cas?  What…?”
Dean laughs, and Cas joins him.  “God damn,” Dean gives a huge, contented sigh, luxuriating for a moment in loose-limbed bliss.  Then he rolls over toward Cas and asks,  “Did Cosmo teach you how to get your dick sucked?  Cause that’s what I’m doing next.”  When he tries to lever himself up, his arms give out.  “In a minute, when my entire body stops feeling like goo.”
“Yeah, yeah, please, of course, yeah,” Dean murmurs, still reaching for him, reeling him in.
The voices in the kitchen are hushed, but Cas can still hear them as he comes down the hallway.  He’s still sweating from his workout, just needs some water.  But he slows down to listen, even knowing he shouldn’t.
Sam snorts and grabs the hot sauce before he sits down, holding it between two long fingers and balancing a plate over it.  His long legs stretch out, rubbing Cas’s calf on the way by.
” he breaks off as Dean licks at him carefully, sucks gently.
Cas sighs.  “She thought I knew something, or she could use my ‘ghostly energy’...honestly, I’m not entirely sure.  She just doesn’t seem to have accepted that he’s gone.  It’s obviously hard to have lost someone—I watched my family mourn me, and then I mourned them in turn.  I imagine it’s even harder when you lose a child while you live.  Apparently she didn’t have a good relationship with him, and she wanted to talk it through him.  I think she just wants closure.  Unfortunately, there’s not much I can do for her.”  He shrugs, looking out the window.  “You’d think I’d remember, being a ghost and all, that nothing is guaranteed.  That you only have one life to live—as far as I can tell, anyway—and you really do need to make the best of it.  You can’t wait.  You can’t just...hope.”  He looks over, fixing Dean with bright eyes.  “You have to go out there and get what you want from life.  Because you never know how long you have.”
Cas smiles again.  “What do people who drink lattes look like?”
“No, no,” Dean says, sounding exhausted.  “Just gimme some of that first.”
it’s impolite to initiate physical contact with a Luminate, he’s studied the culture for over a decade.
Dean looks at him suspiciously.
“Well then, I’m sure they won’t find anything that needs restoring.  Maybe you can help keep it that way, you know?”
classic rock and nerd shit, you know.  Don’t tell my brother.”
“Wait, I’m sorry,” Dean says, watching the patterns change and move, each tentacle providing a different element of the conversation.  “You weren’t sure if I’d still feel…”  He looks up to meet Cas’s eyes and then scans across his body, distracted by the form.
“Look, you saved me already, okay?  Twice at least, and probably a bunch I don’t know about.  Right?”
“I want that,” Cas says, “I want—
“Right,” Cas agrees.  “A group of people who establish rules, control territory and bribe politicians and cops to get what they need where they need it?”
“Said he’d missed it, told me I was real lucky.  Couldn’t shut up about how sweet, how perfect, how fucking hot you are. ‘S if I don’t know.”
There.
“It’s very nice,” Cas tells him.  “And I did listen to Sinatra.  Hannah and I enjoyed it very much.”
It feels like a breakup.  He can’t eat, he can’t sleep.  He does finally call Jesse when he knows he’s at work.  A shitty out, he knows, but it’s better than nothing.  Thanks him for the outing but something came up.
Dean turns around for another kiss.  “Got me there.  Go get changed, dinner’s in twenty.  If you’re quick, you can go do bendy stuff on the porch.”  He wiggles his eyebrows suggestively.
“That’s very intimate,” Cas says, hesitant.
“I was think about five inches lower?  About two feet out on either side.  That way, Rowena can put taller pieces on the shelves and still have them work well with what she displays on the mantel.”
“He’s not taking a shower, is he?” Sam asks quietly.
Sam shakes his head.  “Us. Right. He’s not the only one.  This is honestly...I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop.  How are you okay with it?”
“I’m very much aware that I’m dead, Dean.  You can just say it.”
the house, he tosses a jumble of his best ingredients into a cooler.  Cas will have
Dean kisses him, long and gentle, smoothes fingers along his jaw and throat.  Cas smiles and just basks in it.  It feels like it’s been a long time since they had something so unhurried.
They fuck him raw but it never gets through. Never gets
“I…I’d wondered.  Hoped.”  Cas meets his gaze for a long moment, wearing a small smile.  “You’re very good to me.  Thank you.”
Dean turns back to find Charlie looking up as him with wide, innocent eyes. “Cas?” she asks.
They’d been skirting around it since that awkward moment in the car, where Dean should have said something and didn’t.  The moment is gone.  And while, in that moment, he’d thought Cas was trying to say he had feelings for Dean, that seems less and less likely as time goes by.
Dean looks down at the ticket again, the shining bars on his series 2 forearm panel bright in the low light of the entry/exit cabin.  No way he could ever afford that on his own.  Honestly, he’s still not sure why he accepted - he’s a stickler for
Dean laughs.  “Right, right.  I’ve got the builder right here!  Next one is sixteen inches?”
“Cas?”
A different tentacle rises.  Where the others are slim and pointed, this one is wide and a bit slick as it descends.  Most of them are dry, incredibly smooth, this one is wet and slightly rough, and it probes at his ass but doesn’t try to press inside.  It’s more like…
Cas would suggest a hospital, but a cold knot in his stomach says not to bother.
Dean grabs Sam’s hand as it goes by and uses it to push him over gently, kissing his lips in the same sweet way he’d just kissed Cas.
Dean arches an eyebrow at him and then looks down at Cas.  “One
He presses forward, flattens his hand against Dean’s side, brings his mouth nearly to Dean’s.  “Tell me,” he says, voice rough.
Cas smiles and nods.  He doesn’t know what to say, but he agrees.
“Morning, Cas,” Sam says, and Cas has no control over what he does next.  He pins Sam to the wall, heart beating out of his chest, something like terror pouring through him.
“He pressed me against the fridge.  Kissed me, slow and hot - haven’t kissed him since he got so damn huge, kid’s got muscles like you, babe, built like a gladiator.”
“Did you need something?” Cas asks.  “According to my calendar I’m free for the next...lifetime.  Yours, obviously.  Not mine.”
“Okay, look,” he finally says, rubbing a hand over his face.  “We obviously got off on the wrong foot.  I’m Dean, by the way.  I’m supposed to be selling this house.  It’s nice to meet you…”  He nods at the ghost, feeling foolish.
“No, no. I said last time—”
“Come and get it,” he tells them.  He sounds strict, as if he’s somehow withholding something by not handing the cups over to the bed.  Cas kisses Dean’s neck as he grabs Sam’s cup and passes it back, and then his own.
Dean could use some help and Cas has just the skillset he needs.
“Yeah, yeah,” he says in a daze.  “No problem.”
Cas looks away.  “As I said, I wouldn’t have come, but it felt like…maybe I misunderstood.”
Sam laughs, and Cas can’t tell if the hollowness is in Sam’s voice or just the ringing in his ears.  “Well,” Sam retorts, “I’m growing back a significant chunk of my abdomen.”
, Dean is finally able to make out.  And then the word he’d considered and discarded.
“Umm...yeah.  Clear my head.  We’ll figure it out, you know.”
I promise, this turns the corner in the next chapter or two (haven't decided how things will get split up).
Cas opens his mouth slightly, waits for Sam to come back.  He steals a glance over to where Dean watches them, rapt.
“C’mon Cas.  We both know who runs the house part of the house, here.  You picked out the wood, didn’t you?  And the hardware?”
And then, just as he’s beginning to get used to it, a tentacle corkscrews around his dick, and keeps going, slithering around him in constant contact and motion.  Dean bucks up, writhes, so close to being overstimulated.
Cas goes red and Dean lifts his head to kiss him softly, wondering if he went too far.  “Only if you want to,” Dean reassures quietly.
“Here’s the honey one, they recommended it and I thought it might have a nice smell to it, a little sweeter, you know?”
Dean shakes his head.  “What’s that?  Sorry, I was just thinking about this thing at work.”
“Sammy,” Dean whispers.  “C’mere.”  He manhandles Sam around so he’s straddling Cas’s thighs on his hands and knees, and then Dean pulls Sam’s cock out of his shorts, half hard and already long, nearly touching Cas’s stomach.  “He’s gonna love this.” he tells Sam.  “Wait til you see.”
“Here you are, now,” Rowena says, setting down a small plate and a cup of tea, and then sitting across from him with another cup, staring at him expectantly.
“Oh, Sammy.  It’s like you know me.”
, so Dean isn’t going to struggle to convince the guy — it’s what comes after that he’s not too sure about.  Gabe likes the quick turnaround, he’s not a big fan of fiddly negotiations.  His solution would be something along the lines of ‘burn it down and collect the insurance money.’  Or, in this case, ‘give the keys back and wish the kid luck with another agent.’
“I need you to believe me when I say it’s okay.  You don’t have to steal moments with him when I’m not around, you can just...be with him.  I want you to spend the night with him. Before everything else changes, too.  I want you to know that when you wake up, I’ll still be here.”
“Cas, I—”
“Really?”  Cas leans forward and Dean snorts a laugh before he catches the hopeful look on Cas’s face.
“He wanted me to tell him—uhhh—“ as Cas slips his hand into Dean’s sweats and grabs his cock to return the favor.
“Hmm?”
“Hmm?”
He turns the car around, finally, and makes his way back to the deceptively peaceful house.  He parks in the driveway, and takes many deep breaths.  “You’ve got this,” he repeats softly.
Thursday, at 6 A.M., he’s making a new batch of muffins and it feels like momma raccoon is making a nest in his chest cavity.  The muffins smell amazing—almond extract, this time—but he can’t stomach a bite.
He waits.
“It’s...it’s good to meet you,” Cas finally says.
Dean takes a deep breath and then puts down his book and smiles over at him.  “Hey, babe.”
Dean swallows once.  Twice.  “Yeah,” he says.  Clears his throat.  “Yeah.  I really...I had a good time, too.  I always do, Cas.”
Sam still has a limp, but he’s started working out —  pull ups and planks that make Cas cringe inside, knowing how painful it was when he’d had his appendix out and tried to get back into shape.
“Flattery will get you everywhere,” Dean jokes, standing up with a sigh.  “I’m ah, I’d better head out.  It’s getting late.”
She laughs.  “Human, you mean?  Real?”  She smiles, indulgent.  “Honey, no one goes to the afterlife to work in food service.  I’m just a figment of your imagination.”
Cas reaches out to touch him, hesitates, and then keeps going, resolute.  He strokes the back of Sam’s hand with his thumb.  “We just want you to be safe.  Dean would...we just want to help.”
Everything has been quiet and calm.  Now the air is charged.
Cas reels him in by the back of the neck, pulls him close so their bodies align and it’s almost too much—a drought ending monsoon.
, and she knows his tells.  He sticks with the truth, more or less:
It feels good to be forgiven.
the house we’re in, so I feel like that gets you some points.”
She gives him a wide smile and he makes his way into the living room, a little nervous despite himself.  “Is she for real?” he asks under his breath.
It’s been a long day, apparently, and Dean finds it hard to stay awake as he watches Cas react to the the heightening mystery, the attack on the ship, Mr. Spock saving the day...  The reveal of Voyager 6 makes Cas gasp.
“Dean?  You don’t have to, if you don’t want.  But, I don’t
Dean feels abruptly worse. He’s supposed to be helping this guy get over someone, and he’s stuck in his head over the house, and Cas, and how he’s supposed to keep talking to a ghost when the ghost can’t leave and he has no excuse to be there anymore.
“C’mon,” Sam pulls him back up the bed and fights to pull the covers out from under him.  Finally, after he’s twisted and been rolled into various configurations, Sam is pulling the covers up over him.
It feels
He wonders if Cas misses him.
Dean sighs and relaxes minutely.  Cas watching his fists tighten and then loosen in Sam’s shirt.  “Jesus.  It’s like you know me.”
“Me too,” Dean says.
A muffled voice comes from the doorway.  “I have coffee, are you decent?”
He takes his 9:30 appointment on a showing, all smiles, all professional, and tries not to think about Cas and Jesse, and how nothing feels quite right.
Cas glares at him but Dean just smiles.
“Goodness,” she exclaims.  “I thought you were going to take all night out here!”
It feesl like it goes on forever—the rutting, Sam’s face close enough to touch, his dick huge and impressive and getting more and more swollen with every second.
.  Everything you’ll give me.”
“You do nice work, Dean.”
“Shhh,” Dean whispers.  “Easy,” he says, and Cas tries to focus on the sound of his voice, tries to let whatever’s coming happen.  Slows his breathing, marginally.  Contemplates baseball and realizes he knows nothing about it.
“And two — you ordered a house? By mail?  From
“Why does crime start so early?” Cas groans.
Cas may be fussy and dead, but Dean made Bela Talbot happy with that monstrosity on Wendell.  He talked that asshole Ketch down to a reasonable price for the Hascum’s.   He can sell this house.
up here. Not really. Nothing gets through.
Dean looks at him, wishes for the millionth time he could grab his shoulder and offer him some sort of reassurance.  “I mean it, man.”
The morning is bright and everything feels strangely normal in the kitchen.  Coffee machine percolating softly as birds chirp outside.  The smell of that Columbian blend that Anna and Gabe roast at the coffee shop down the street.  It feels like his life.  Same as yesterday morning, the morning before that.
For once, Cas doesn’t threaten him as he comes through the door. Which is good, because he’s got a bag of tools in one hand and a bag of booze in the other and he doesn’t really want to ding the hardwood or break any bottles.
, Cas tells him in light and color.
“You’re a godsend, babe,” Dean says, sliding his arms under Cas’s, around his waist and then pressing his face into Cas’s shoulder.  “Thank you.”
“Well, yeah, of course, Cas.  Like you said, you built this thing, that’s amazing!  I mean, look at me!  I just mixed up the dormer and the porch roof, and now I’m going to have to see if I can wedge it apart somehow and try again.  And you built
Castiel shook his head with an easy, soft smile and held up a hand to halt Jack's questions. "It's okay, Jack. I promise. I cut my Grace out in the Empty. My deal with the Entity is now null and void."
See that what you did was to save your family
And you beg him, beg him to see
Sam chuckled. "Nah, you guys are lucky to have what you have. You've been best friends for twelve years and have a strong bond. Nothing has ever come between you, even though they tried. You always find your way back to each other and forgive anything from each other."
And he saves you from your own Hell
"Yeah, don't get me wrong, I'm happy you're back Cas, but aren't you guys worried this might come back to bite us later?"
You find yourself throwing away everything you thought you knew
All that cliché stuff about seeing fireworks and feeling sparks was wrong. This was so much better. This, they didn't have a word for, but they felt it together and for each other all the same.
Are you even really there?
And this is the biggest moment you
A week later, and things have truly settled down. Thanks to Amara, all the supernatural creatures they hunted didn't terrorize humans anymore. Ghosts, ghouls, vampires, Grigori, and the rest went to Purgatory. Angels and demons stayed in the Empty, though Amara did set the actual good ones free.
Well, forget it now, Father
Amara's head bobbed side to side as she thoughtfully pursed her lips, thinking it over. She nodded, sighing. "You're right. But, be careful, Dean. Humans have never been to the Empty and aren't welcome there. The Entity who guards it loves its sleep and is extremely irritable when awake. Don't anger it."
When all they truly want and need
"Dean. You can totally tell him on your own time, of course you can. But, you guys need to talk about it. It's been twelve years. You've both waited long enough to be happy together. Things are finally good now. We're free. Finally."
He turned his head to the right and there Castiel was, looking like he did before being dragged to this nothingness.
Dean and Sam startled, snapping their heads to the entrance to the main room. Castiel, Eileen and Jack were entering the room. Jack immediately ran to the books, grabbing one and sitting down to read it.
So, he didn't feel bad at all for staring at the man he was in love with. What he forgot to take into account, however, was that he never told anyone. Not even Sam. Dean was sure no one knew what he secretly felt, teasing from their enemies, frenemies, and friends notwithstanding.
"WHAT?!" Dean yelled in shock, surprised Sam would ever say something like that about their best friend. He thought Sam was long past his distrust of Castiel. He hurried to the former angel's defense. "Cas is amazing!!! Funny, beautiful, smart-"
They ignored the Entity's amused and disbelieving snort in favor of Dean winking at Castiel's pinkened cheeks and sharing a relieved reunion hug.
Dean growled. "Listen, super-mega Hell whore, give Cas back,
Dean dropped his book onto the table after shoving a bookmark in it and dropped his face into his hands. He rubbed his face, then his neck, making a face. "Yeah, I know, Sam. I just - I know how he feels about me. I know how I feel about him. I'm just worried, man. What if, when we get together, we have this big fight one day? The fight to end all our fights. The one that might ruin everything between us, for good."
Because angel, angel, you'll love the Righteous Man for the rest of space and time
He gave the Entity a mock-salute and waved goodbye, leading Castiel back to the entrance-exit combination of the Empty.
So you willingly drop the knife
Be the ones to save the world time and time again
But then you shake yourself out of it
And you ask your Father why
Miracle barked happily, tail wagging hurriedly. Castiel blinked. "Uhhh... When did we get a dog?"
We now know the truth
The family that you now share
The best friend that he, he admitted to himself years ago, was in love with. Years have passed since he had John Winchester in his head, still telling him what was "right" and what was "wrong."
The Entity smiled back, mocking him. "Aw, how cute of you, Winchester; thinking you're gonna get Clarence back."
"But, if you're happy, then how are you back? The deal - "
And alleviating his doubts and fears
Do you truly not care?
Angel, angel
Angel, angel
You throw it all away for one man, 'cause he's your friend
Dean smirked humorlessly, now all serious-business and false bravado. "Ah, so you're the bitch who dragged my angel down here to angel-and-demon super-Hell. Well, I'd say he kept up his end of your deal. So, whaddaya say you give him back to me, we get outta your hair and we all go home happy, hm? You get your hellish beauty sleep back, and I'm happy my angel is home again with me and our family."
You reconstruct Heaven with your Righteous man in mind
Sam nodded, his brows scrunched as Jack piped up with a happy grin, "Awesome. We're both human now."
Literally
"I - I have an idea. A way we can all be satisfied." The angel pointed to his neck. Dean shook his head.
And you're not about to start now
"Hello, Dean." That voice. Those words. Dean didn't dare hope. But -
Angel, angel
"You're staring again," Sam observed, with no small amount of amusement.
He sneers at you and says awful, ugly things
That snapped Dean out of his hesitance. He was tired of denying what he and Castiel had all along. He closed the gap between them and initiated their first kiss.
Before Dean knew it, he found himself not on the sandy lake, but in total darkness. A void that housed no light, stretching on for who-knew-how-long.
Once things settled down post-Chuck, thanks to Amara splitting from Jack and taking on the godly powers plus turning the nephilim boy human after he'd begged (Dean and Sam asked him numerous times if he was sure, and the boy reassured them each time of his decision, all of his own free will), Amara had again looked deep into Dean's soul and saw what his heart truly desired most.
He lets go and they share a smile.
“Oh, God,” he murmurs as Cas pulls him out carefully.  Dean slides a hand to Cas’s back, rubbing as Cas touches him.
“Well, we’re off to a great start,” Dean assures him.  “I’m really…” he clears his throat to hide the lump that rises.  He can’t believe this is real; he can’t remember anyone ever doing anything like this for him before.  “Thank you so much.  It’s amazing.”
“What am I smelling?” Cas asks wistfully.
“Hey.”
Dean kisses his hip, one of the few places not currently covered in come, and then jumps off the bed before Cas can begin to articulate his feelings.
The brackets go up easily, and then Dean takes the boards to the backyard.  The faces are already smooth and they’re cut to size, but Dean sands the cut edges and wipes them down.
“Yeah.  And then I left you, Sam.  I got out and I
“Oh, gotcha.  So, that plumber that I had come in, that I paid out of pocket because I didn’t want your great-grandkid to think I was destroying the place, that was because you got emotional?”
Dean starts but doesn’t bother to chastise the ghost.  “Well, I hope so.  She just...am I gonna lose a hand if I go in the wrong door?  Did she, like, magic them or something?”
And then it all begins in earnest.  What had started as an early morning distraction gets intense as Dean joins in, nibbling on Cas’s ear.
And here’s Dean, trying to sell the house out from under him.
Dean laughs nervously.  “Right."  The dark makes him say things that don't come easy in the light of day.  "Jesus, Cas," he whispers.  "You’re amazing.  Do you know that?  Have I told you that?  I have no idea how this happened, but I’m so glad.”
“It’s in Sam’s room.”
Next will be the shower, and when he comes out in twenty minutes they’ll both pretend he hasn’t been crying in there.
They watch
It’s been two weeks of preparation followed by two very, very long days on the road. When Cas opens the hotel room door, Dean and Sam crowding in behind him he sees...one very large bed.
“He loves you a lot,” Cas observes.
“See that?” Dean says, feeling warm all over.  “This is why I needed your help.”
Dean’s lips trace back up to his cheek, and Cas makes a discontented noise.  Without opening his eyes, he rolls toward Dean, hooks an arm around his waist and rolls them both over.  He wraps Dean in his arms, doing his best to spoon him into submission.
Cas looks down at his hands.  Yet again, he’s not sure what to say. How to talk about something that's barely formed at the back of his mind.  “It’s not important, I’m sorry,” he finally says.  “We need to focus on keeping you safe.”
Dean scoffs. “Yeah, man. I built it.”
“You’ve seen movies before, right?” Dean asks quietly during a break in the action.
I hope you enjoy this 'getting to know you' chapter.
He bleeds and it
He drives up to the house two days before the closing.  Idles under the tree across the street, and stares.  He can’t just do this forever.  Even if Cas wanted to, what would be the point, right?  After Wednesday, he won’t have keys.  He won’t have any right to be there according to the living, legal inhabitant.  No more coffee in the morning at the island.  No more building things on the dining room table.  It’s someone else’s space, now, or will be.  There’s no room for him here.
Dean’s on his way to the ghost house — Cas’s house — when Gabe calls.
Dean nods and they walk to the parking lot together.  Jesse grabs his shoulder before he goes.  “It was good to meet you, Dean.”
He rolls his eyes and smiles despite himself as they all watch the kids chasing each other around the folding tables. “I guess it has been a while,” he admits.
“Right, right.  You get it.”
Dean shoves him.  “Don’t be an ass.  Get the hot sauce out of the fridge, will you?”
, in some sort of indication of nerves.
“Would you want me...him to do that, too?” Cas asks, and Dean shivers.
for your trouble.”
One more.
“If you don’t have other plans.  She mentioned that it might be something we could watch after you were done with the shelves.”
Moonlight from the window shines through him, white and blue.
She chuckles.  “I’ll take that as a yes.  Come inside, won’t you?  Man cannot live by coffee alone, or so I hear.  And I think you’ll be more comfortable on the couch.  I just made shortbread.  Cas tells me it smells divine.  And he should know, shouldn’t he?”
Cas opens one eye and sighs.  He does.  He definitely does.
Something snaps over Dean’s features - an emotional lockdown like Cas hasn’t seen in years.  “Get him inside.  Guest room.”  Dean strides forward and grabs the giant’s legs, and they move down the hallway and heave him onto the bed.  “Get me the first aid kit?” he asks quietly.  He doesn’t look up.  His eyes are fixed on the pale man’s features, like he’s looking at a ghost.
“Okay, but the kid
Cas laughs, the first time he’s really relaxed completely in Sam’s presence.  “I’m sure that’s up next,” he says, and steals some popcorn from Sam’s bowl.
Dean let’s himself in at 7:09.  “Hey, Cas,” he calls, setting down his duffel bag of hastily gathered tools.
And then his mouth meets Dean’s. Not a kiss. Nothing that gentle. His teeth are like razors, fingers like clamps, squeezing on his hips like he’ll break him open. The pain of it is hazy and then Cas is in his mouth, tongue and teeth, sounds of frustration, and the pain is immediate.
“Yes.”  His eyes never leave Dean’s.
“I’m glad.”
“The tenants or the dying?  Or the living?”
“Good,” he manages.  “Gentle, there, just...oh,
Cas’s brow plunges in concern.  “I wouldn’t recommend you go upstairs.”
A whine escapes Dean’s throat.  The words and the warmth of Cas’s breath make every hair on his body stand up.  The addition of Cas’s fingers, rooting around in his boxers, does the same to his cock.
“Stop, stop,” Dean says, and they both pause in alarm.
They’d found another agent after that.
“I don’t think that will be a problem,” Cas says dryly.
Dean’s mind reels.  “No, it’s fine.  I...I do.”  A breeze ruffles Cas’s coat and it feels so
Sam shrugs.  “Yeah, I guess.  My dad just couldn’t get it together.  I mean, he’s better, now.  Still goes off sometimes.  Like now.  But he's got a home.  A plan.  Guys he works with.  It's not
“Cas, huh?”
“I mean…”
The ghost drops the act as Dean closes the door, a sour look on his face. “Well, bring someone decent, then.  If they don’t like the workmanship of the house, they shouldn’t be looking at it.  If
Cas can hear the pain in his voice as he continues.
Dean jumps and looks over, and Cas has flickered into existence on the passenger side of the car, eyes trained studiously ahead.
Cas takes his hand and turns toward him.  He doesn’t close the gap between them.  The space feels necessary for the conversation.
“Mmmm,” Dean agrees, and Cas is reassured as Dean’s lips spell his dedication across Cas’s shoulders.
Dean tells Cas he had a date with a guy and Cas disappears, and Dean assumes it's because he's homophobic.
Cas rolls his eyes.
Dean’s already moving - the man’s boots are off and his flannel is shoved halfway down his arms, and Dean’s managed to slice the t-shirt down the middle with the pocket knife he always carries, like some triage nurse from Dr. Sexy.
“I...babe, I
Dean is grinning, he can’t stop.  “You remembered exactly right.  Cas, this is all...you’re amazing.”
Sam glances over at Dean and they both look embarrassed for a moment.  Cas waits.
He’s huge.  The guy is absolutely enormous and lanky - there are arms and legs splayed everywhere.
familiar with how it looks in Cas’s language.  He’d programmed it to the nanosecond before swapping it out.  He knew it, and he knows that’s what he saw shimmering over Castiel’s hand.
They pull on clothes slowly as Dean returns the washcloth and then pours the coffee.
“Thank you, Sam,” Cas says.  He leaves the book and glasses on the bedside table closest to the door and turns to leave.
And then Dean is out the door and Charlie is a future-Dean problem.
Sam smiles a crooked smile full of perfect teeth, his expression bashful, and Cas almost laughs with the normalcy of it.  The
Castiel had said they’d meet Dean, but there was always the chance that they’ve come to their senses.  After ten years, after paying for his ticket, after saying over and over that they want to see him in person…
“Fuck, man,” he mutters to himself.  “You got it
He tucks a pencil behind his ear and grabs a bracket.  “All right, where do you want them?  Same height as the mantel?”
, Dean.  I don’t want to drag you into this.  You and Cas,
Dean grins, suddenly overjoyed.  “You’re such a nerd,” he says affectionately, and heads for the back of the property, Cas floating alongside him.
“My wife.”
Dean’s mouth is filled, tentacles writhing inside him like they can’t control themselves anymore, but never too deep, not even once.  He sucks desperately as Cas keeps moving that huge tentacle, thick and slick and still wriggling like nothing he’s ever had in his ass, and his dick,
“Easy,” he murmurs, cranking the window closed. “Let me talk to her and find out more. She loves the house. She appreciates all the work you did. It’s…” a realization hit him suddenly, painfully, knotting in his chest. When the house sells, he doesn’t know if Cas will want to see him again.
“I didn’t…I wasn’t sure.  I’ve been able to walk in dreams before—with family.  When they needed reassurance or guidance.  But I can’t with Rowena, so I wasn’t certain if it was possible outside a blood relationship.”
He does what he can, his eyes drifting closed.  “Okay, yeah.  I’d pull him closer then, feel the heat of his body and his mouth, wouldn’t need anything more, just his weight in my arms, his broad chest, maybe he’d move closer, press me back against the wall, show me he was into it, too.  Wanted me like I want him.”
“She does appear to be for real,” Cas tells him seriously.  “She has some degree of control over...whatever I am, or wherever I am.”
you can snuggle Sam.”
Dean has no idea.  “Yup,” he says confidently, watching Mary show off the wainscoting he’d installed in the living room. That, at least, had been his idea.
Cas gives him a small smile, a little tight around the eyes.  “Rowena wants you to come inside.”
Cas tries not to think too hard about that look as he fishes the first aid kit out from under the sink.  That look of deep regret. Longing. Sorrow.
I am so, so appreciative of all the lovely comments I got on the last chapter.  I will respond to each one, I'm just in a weird spot mentally at the moment.  BUT, each one is precious to me, so thank you!!
He feels it.  He
“So easy, isn’t it?  Just tear it down. Keep tearing til you hit bone. The screams are like lullabies.
. For real. His knees buckle with it, more surprise than anything.
“Just the way you like it, I think,” Sam says.  “Honey?”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam says, and it’s clear he has no idea what’s going on with Dean but he’s willing to let the explanation stand, and that’s fine because Dean also has no idea what’s going on with him.
What if she thinks he’s
And it feels like time is slipping away from him.  Time with Cas.  Time that he shouldn’t want or need, but does anyway.
“Uh,” he continues.  “I got some honey bourbon, some Bookers, some Jack Daniels Sinatra — couldn’t really resist that,” he says, grabbing the set of tiny solo cups he’d picked up out of the bag.  He’s second guessing those.  Cas has got to be used to sipping out of fine crystal, right?
Dean smiles, his stomach flipping, his ribs a little too tight.  “I think I will,” he says quietly.
“Thank you, Dean.  I’m happy to do it.  I want this to be a perfect visit for you.”
Cas groans. “Coffee?” he asks hopefully.
Cas groans.  “Don’t say that.  I don’t want to think about that.”
Cas smiles.  “I’m glad you came,” he says, and Dean would put up a thousand shelves for a thousand manipulative homeowners just for that.
“Do you mean…” Cas’s colors are going wild, and Dean’s glad to know they’re both nervous.  “A kiss?”
Dean slides back a little, and down, so he and Sam are symmetrically aligned along Cas’s sides.  “I put on coffee but we have some time.”
Cas gives him a puzzled look.  “Of course I do.  You cook, then?” He prompts.  “If you had the recipe, you could make this?”
Bobby laughs.  “She’s given up makin’ pies and now Ellen’s taken her into the hills, teaching her to shoot.”  He looks happier than Dean’s ever known him.
Landing.  He’s doing it.  He’s finally landing on Valhalla 5, the gaseous planet that’s the home of his Luminate penpal and best friend (and massive crush and maybe love of his life, not that Dean lets himself think about that too much, really), Castiel.
Sam is still working. His fingers run slow lines against the V shape of Cas’s hip cuts—a fascination the brothers apparently have in common.
“Yes, I’m sorry, yes. They’re original. Locally sourced.  You can’t find anything like that, now.”
And he’s thought it before, in weak moments— that he loves Cas, that maybe they could be happy together, given half a chance.  But he’s avoided expectations up til now, he never wanted to open himself up to that world of hurt.
“Huh,” Sam says, looking puzzled but not suspicious.
“For the house.  I'm gonna find a good fit for you.  You deserve that, after building it from the ground up, having your family here—your wife and your kids, your grandkids.  That’s really amazing, and I just want you to know—I’m gonna make sure you get a good fit.”
“I told you.  My choices are mine.  You came here for help, we’re going to help you.”
Cas chuckles.  “Yes.  Alfie was quite fond of it.  There’s...powder, isn’t there?”
John Wick.  You can barely walk.”
Cas smiles crookedly and heads to the bedroom.  Everything inside him is uneasy, off kilter.  He knows Dean loves him.  He’s never doubted it.  But Sam has changed something.  Sam has changed
Dean shakes his head.  “No.  I took the day, I’ll take care of it.”
Dean looks down and Cas thinks he’s going to deflect again.  “Things were real fucked up when we were kids, Cas.  All we had was each other.”
Electricity runs down Dean’s spine as Cas releases him.  “You’re here?” he asks, voice harsh.
“Can’t talk, I’ll be late.” She waves over her shoulder.  “No snooping, now, I’ll know.  Enjoy your evening, boys!”
the right amount, thank you.
Dean’s face does odd things. Then he smiles, slow and sheepish.
Dean shrugs. “I guess. We just got talking about houses and it came up.”
Dean strokes over the tentacle in his hand in reassurance, getting a buzz of energy in acknowledgement.
Cas takes a deep breath.  “A hospital?  A safehouse?  A friend’s?  I don’t know, Dean.  You were a little vague with the details the last time we talked about your family.”  Cas crushes down his anger.  He knows that this is Dean’s way of getting space, of getting people to run away.  Cas thought he’d proven himself and gotten past all this, but apparently not.  He doesn’t let his hand drop away from Dean’s arm, just repositions so he can hold Dean’s hand, palm to palm.
There’s a handprint on his jacket, now, flaking and dark. But the marks on his arms are all him.  The bruises of the next battle, because what else is there?
It’s awkward, the morning after their first kiss.  Dean stumbles through typically easy chatter and blushes every time Cas looks at him too long.  Luckily, Cas has the same problem.  They don’t talk about it, of course, but that kiss has been playing on prime time in Dean’s brain for the last twelve hours.
He jumps, like he does every single time, then closes his eyes, his jaw clenching in irritation.
“ENTER NOT, FOR I-“
“I was wondering if I might ask a favor.  I hope it’s not too much of an imposition.”
Dean laughs.  “Aw, even half asleep, he’s funnier than you, Sammy.”
Then, “Cas!” he calls urgently, taking long strides into the living room.
Details in the end notes if you need them.
Sam strides past Cas, reaching out and then letting his arms fall to his sides at the last minute. “Shit, Dean, I’m sorry,” he says.
He takes a bite of the burger, and it’s just as good as he remembers.  He wonders if he cares that it’s not real.  Decides he doesn’t.
Stepford.” His grin goes a little guilty as he looks over.  “No offense,” he offers.
“Yeah, met him online...real estate site.”
It’s infuriating to feel like a storm is brewing and he has no control over it.  No control because they keep pretending it’s not happening — both of them, and it’s making him insane.  Their furiously quiet conversations stop as soon as Cas shows his face.  They keep pretending everything is fine and it’s absolutely clear that it isn’t.   It’s starting to feel like he’s the fugitive, here.  In his own home. In his own relationship.
He grins as they hang up.  He doesn’t see enough of his brother.  This is a weird excuse, but he’ll take it.
Dean makes a sound in his throat, assent and affront wound up together.  “Yeah, well, they’re not likely to.  Not unless someone decides to take down the Family Arena.”
“K,” Sam breathes.  “Maybe you don’t have to fuck off.”
Dean strikes the observation from his thoughts as Cas continues. “Tell me about Ellen.  You said she was a family friend?”
Something has changed, and Cas doesn’t even know how to start getting it back.  Doesn’t even know if he wants to.
close, but Cas has never been good with personal space, either.
Another aftershock runs through Cas’s body as he nods.
up.  He bulls on ahead, ignoring the way his face burns.  “One time, I took all the electronics apart and tried to make a robot…  I gave them some good headaches.   But Sammy did great—honor roll, law school.  So, one out of two ain’t bad, right?”
real.
, babe,” Dean gasps, moving in until Cas can feel the heat of him - thigh and chest and body nearly touching.  His hand moves to the inside of Cas’s thigh, moving up slowly, leaving Cas breathless.  “I know you said it was okay but it was still kind of an accident.  I was coming into the kitchen, he was coming out...we ran into each other. He grabbed me, just instinctual, you know?”  And Dean’s thumb grazes Cas’s scrotum, making him gasp.
“I, ah.  I have to go.”  And he flickers out of existence, and Dean feels like he’s been gutted.
“Yeah, man,” he says, getting up.  “I’ll see what I can find for your
