He crawled closer to place a small kiss on his anger plumped cheek
The solemn thin lips eased at the welcome affection.  He had to believe he could salvage the evening from the mess of shitty special effects and his own impatience.  “We had a few hour head start home on Sam.  After the long drive back from Raleigh, I thought we would take the first opportunity we could to be close… closer than we could be sharing a room with your brother, anyway.  I started to think I was the only one who felt that way.”  He cast his eyes down at their intertwined hands.
He slowly shakes his head with his brows drawn to the center.
Long bangs waved to and fro as he shook his head a couple of times, his irritated confusion on full display.  “What?”
It dawned on him that he had never been inside Mick’s house until that night.  He imagined it would be a barren bachelor pad like his, but the art on the walls and overloaded bookshelves made it feel lived in and welcoming.  “Your house is nice, Mick,” he remarked.
“So what, he squealed on his partners or…?”
=======================
“I played you BB King the first night.  It was three in the morning and I needed something melodic yet crooning to sooth the fits your forming muscles broke into.  Your hearing had not fully recovered yet, but I knew you could feel the vibrations in the room.  Your thrashing subsided within a few bars while I couldn’t help but wait, worry over how quickly you were recovering.  Should I push your savaged form harder, faster just to sooth my own ache or do what was best for you?  Ultimately you were up and moving before I could have anticipated.
Sam rose to his feet and clamped his palms onto his brother’s shoulders, pushing his side of the conversational seesaw back down to reality. “No, Dean.  That’s not it.  He just… Look, take a minute to clear your head.” Dean shifted on his feet and dodged his pointed stares until Sam hunched back so his face would appear in his sightline and continued, “Then you go talk to him.  Like you said, he’s in his room staring at the wall, probably just as miserable as you are.  Just hear him out if he wants to talk.  If not, hey, you can try again tomorrow.”
“This is Cas,” Dean’s demeanor softened.  “He’s been to Hell and back twice to save us.  He’s been our one angel cavalry for years, got us out of the toughest spots ever.  Why wouldn’t we do the same for him?”
“There’s probably more than one tenant.”
The first thing Dean felt was the warm embrace of Cas’s hands on his shoulder and neck as he surveyed his bumps and bruises wearily.  Adrenaline draining his system, he leaned forward to rest his head on Cas’s shoulder and gripped him back, his arms still shaking.  Strong arms held him close twice as confidently.  A wobbly exhale washed over his back.  He soaked up the attentive vise grip, feeling the uncontrollable vibrating of his muscles degrade into a low simmer.
He smirked and rested his palms at his sides on the desk.  “Archangels mostly.”
Cas halted his metronomic movements and stood up facing Sam. “I can wait, Sam. I will wait.” He walked as if he had a creaky knee towards the supply closet. “And it would be a shame if either of you two were to be hurt on this bulb. I’ll be right back to clean it up.” With that he shuffled on light feet around the corner hiding his face from Sam as he passed.
Dean’s eyes opened again and his breathing calmed down remarkably.  Plaid covered thighs lifted and jittered slightly while Cas felt for the size and shape of the creature.  Dean stared down at the fingers prodding his belly and he smiled with just the right side of his face, voice shushed slightly by the palm still on his face.  “Is it a boy or a girl?”
“Uh, a few.  Can’t remember off hand though.”
“That was the smell,” Sam recalled somberly.  “After building C caught fire during the raid, Reyes said she smelled roasting meat.” Disgust crawled across his jaw.  “She joked we caught them during dinner.”
“It’s this or East Coast scientist ghost busting,” he joked and released him.
His rubber-soled sneakers squeaked against the tile floor as they sought purchase away from his irate brother.  Maintaining the ruse while this close to his face was hard enough, but he found the determined emotionless look on Cas’s face mildly alluring and all together distracting enough to keep in character.
He beckoned Cas towards him with a roll of the wrist.  Cas pulled the device out of his back pocket at show him he was prepared, but gave him a questioning look when it was clearly not what he was asking for.  The agent pulled him by the back of the neck into a full stanza kiss.  His tongue reached out for a quick flick against Cas’s as if to rejoin a severed cable.  The crack of its rejoining was so clear across their link it echoed into every fold.
-Minor updates 5/16/2021
He dropped the pen and held his hands up between them defensively.  “Hold on.  There’s no way Bobby would have thrown in his lot with a band of intellectual murdering types.  That’s nuts!”
Suddenly flabbergasted, he asked, “Why would I think you wouldn’t?”
“Do you know what you do for a living?”
“Only partly,” he responded warmly.  Before their flesh could meet, he backed off slightly and took the vibrant glow with him.  “What made you change your mind after all this time?”
Right after eight, Dean finally received a call from Sam about the viability of utilizing the Theta safe house.  It stood past two test houses and a weathered billboard at the far end of a cul-de-sac of a brashly planned subdivision that never saw the final stages of production.  The tall maple trees framing each side of the ranch style building perfectly complimented the decrepit yellowing picket fence that ran around the edge of the lot.  Agents that used the site before complained of the defunct garage door, but the bureau never rectified the damages.  A location that far out was bound to fall into disrepair, so whispers of unexplained noises and faucets turning themselves on in the night were found sprinkled in reports here and there.  Being forty-five minutes from anywhere didn’t help either.  Getting there and back while keeping up appearances was not ideal.  If he covered his tracks as well as he was trained to, keeping Castiel at his house until he could get him to Theta wouldn’t be as risky as it sounded.  Granted he was yet again betting on the over that the bureau wouldn’t ask that many questions about a crazy man at the center of a non-case.  In the event their situation became dire, he could tell Sam to keep both the Theta and Gamma safe houses on lockdown.  There was an exceedingly small chance the bureau would send two teams to check both safe houses at the same time, so he was confident in their chances if they were compromised.  Unsurprisingly, Sam demanded they meet at Theta as soon as possible for Dean to clear up the facts of what in the good god he was doing risking his future on a virtual stranger.
Never had he been so thankful he spoiled himself with an adjustable coffee bean grinder.  He retrieved it out of the cabinet beside the fridge and started boiling some water for the French press.  Two mugs, one grey textured with black freckles and one molded brown with a brewery emblem stamped on it, also made their way onto the counter.  This two mug ritual snuck into his days as seamlessly as a shadow on a darkly painted wall.  Only when he stopped mid-scoop did he see the sun cleanse the night from its silhouette.  Under the bleary moonlight he could wrap them in its all forgiving, all-encompassing cloak.  The man napping the bedroom like he had a vendetta against the waking world loved the coffee he brewed with fervency Dean himself never had for any beverage let alone his respectable but unexciting morning brew.  His mind kept meandering back to all those Saturdays, tucking this one firmly into the number one spot.  He finished measuring the beans and poured them into the grinder, but held his finger over the start button without pushing down.  What exactly was the price he would have to pay for this one?
The last cardboard bottle carrier fell into the garage recycling bin and he called out into the house, “Hey, Cas.  What kind of beer do you like?  Or have you been a wine guy this whole time?”
Castiel’s heart swelled knowing his desires echoed the ones he tried to suppress late at night alone in his bed the next county over.  Summoning the images of Dean sweaty browed and clutched by eros sent that same red hot blood right down to his cock.  Instead of a coherent answer, he pushed into his grip and nodded enthusiastically.
“No, it doesn’t affect the business,” he answered as vaguely as he could unsure as to what would be safe to disclose.  In the end he didn’t want to make Jody suspicious of Cas.  After all, he was already part of their extended family whether he gave voice to that fact or not.  If it ended up being nothing, he wouldn’t be able to pry the unblinking eye of the mother wolf from Cas’s backside.  “It’s about personal trust, I guess.  It’s so new.  Guess we just don’t know enough about each other.”
The agent brings a treat home for the fallen man.  Domesticity is interrupted.  Sam learns about the fallen man's true nature.
The older Winchester gave a salacious smile, “It’s okay that you write dirty books, Cas.  Whatever you do on your own time is fine with us.”
“So you are asking for honesty when the first thing you told me was a lie?” he asked plainly.
“Dean Winchester, you asshat!”  He plucked his head up and shouted back.  “If you had let me finish,” he shambled out of his blanket and strode into his space with his back up.  “I was trying to tell you, I fell for you!  Again!  Our bond was so strong that we could link up without Grace because he was one of you!”
Dean reclaimed his uncomfortable throne next to the stranger and called out to him.  “Hey, Blue Eyes.”
Another minute had passed when Sam asked, “What’s the hold up?” The angel fiddled with an ancient full size tape recorder silently.  The table vibrated and rattled as the tape player at his feet began to ring out the opening drum beat of a priest’s sermon from the small tinny speaker.  Locusts’ cries followed and the priest’s meandering melodic chant began.  If he closed his eyes, he could have sworn he was surrounded by more monks rhythmically enveloping him in harmonies.  Each priest recited the same chant, completely unified in message – dispelling evil.  Cas cleared his throat beside him like a teacher approaching from the back of the classroom refocusing the attention on the chalkboard ahead.  Sam straightened his neck and faced the pale patterned ceiling.  As a substitute for the vessel, Cas lifted his flannel button down shirt and placed an empty jar on his lower stomach. The pressure of the open circle on him formed a seal, light and awkward.  Looking down at the glass jar, he felt incredibly silly.  Temptation to giggle and poke fun at the ritual pulled at Sam’s consciousness.  It would certainly suck any concern straight out of his brother who was without a doubt keenly observing from the end of the bookcase nearby.  All drive to belittle the ritual drained from him as he locked eyes with the angel standing above him.  One of the few light sources shined from above his messy mop of hair casting shadows across his face.  His eyes remained brimming with driven clarity.  A large hollow drum sounded in the recording bringing the chant to at crest then all sound died out on the recording.  Satisfaction reigned over the angel’s features and he pulled the jar off of him with a ‘pop’.
“That’s awful.  Were they Scientologists or something?”
Three long breaths later he replied, “You have my word.”
“Sounds good,” he agreed and returned his gaze to the teabag steeping in his mug.
He cradled the back of his neck and rubbed uneasy circles into his back.  He rocked him back and forth lightly, adorning his head with unabridged kisses.
“Make yourself comfortable,” he motioned for him to enter the house and locked the door behind him.  He tossed his keys onto the tray by the door and pointed in several directions of the house.  “Bathroom’s second door on the right, living room’s there, and laundry room’s opposite the bathroom.  You have free roam of the house, but please stay inside and away from the windows.  It’s highly unlikely anyone will look for you here, but we don’t want to tempt fate, do we?”
He looked up from the building’s shadow to see his toothy grin.  “Yeah, Garth?”
A quiet cough echoed from his lungs as he spat his first sip of whine back up and swallowed again.  “Sorry I thought you knew.  She has connections in the OPR.  Her partner was working on ferreting me out.”
When Sam and Dean pay Castiel back for his investment they come to vastly different conclusions about his future at Salvage. The entire staff makes a big proposal at the first summer barbeque.
The next moment, the view of his backyard pulled back into view.  The same green dumpster truck of questions unloaded, clogging up the link, but Cas cleared his throat, shredding them all at once.
His brow crinkled as he pushed on.  “Initially no one would say anything.  I was instructed to stay quiet, sweep it under the proverbial rug whenever anyone asked.  The only person I reported the incident to was Pileggi when he visited at the hospital and I cited the same version of events in my official report.  No one asked questions about an incident involving four agents, two of whom ended up gravely wounded.  Hell of a big rug we landed ourselves under.”
He eyes descended back to Sam’s knitted brows and he ran his tongue against the backside of his teeth in thought.  He wasn’t sure, but indecision could cost the humans he cared for most their lives.  “We need to get back to the safety of the bunker immediately.”  He grabbed the brothers by the closest shoulder and announced, “I’m going to send us there now.”
Despite the stimulation Cas couldn’t draw his eyes away from Dean’s greedy face or ears from hearing the troubled tremble in his sigh.  Knowing this was the same man who walked into a pitch black underground bunker so confident he could take down whatever burglar or ne’er-do-well was lurking in the dark, it was obvious that defeat was not in his lexicon.  Such a tragedy would be akin a moral failing.  The molasses slow way he released his lower lip from his incisors’ onslaught paired with the way his graze never left Cas’s shape was all the confirmation he needed that any trepidation he bore was squashed firmly under the pointed boot heel of lust. While he didn’t want to antagonize his competitive nature, clarity is key in mattress olympics.  “I could keep you safe from his intrusion tonight if you’d rather.  He’ll be ready to pounce any night you feel more inclined to be chased screaming towards a little death.”
“At least I gave you a warm, safe home,” he recalled and curled in on himself.  “You wanted for nothing at all.  We cooked dinner together and sometimes I would bring home fancy desserts.  We cuddled while watching movies you wanted to watch.  Fuck Cas, I was the first one to let you…”
He grunted in acknowledgement.
“So, you get to run the quickest mile you’ve ever run out of here and never ever, come back again.  Understand?”
“Under normal circumstances I would march right in here and give her Leia buns myself.  And as much as I’d love to tag along and ride the Tilt-a-Whirl of Terror and the Teacups of Terror, we’ve got more immediate considerations.”
Garth shook his head and nearly leapt out of his skin as Benny slapped a wide palm down on his pointed shoulder. “Gah!” he yipped.
“If you could just open your mouth and let the words fall, we could all get out of this damned hospital.  God knows Dean doesn’t want to be in a hospital any more than I do after that god forsaken raid.”  He stared out the rain battered window lost in thought.
“Complete Stories by Vonnegut?” he asked, flipping to the back cover to see which stories he might had missed reading before.  Since he Sam and him spent a lot of time needing things to do that cost zero money, he started taking them to libraries if he could find ones near their hotel rooms.  Swimming in liberally chlorinated hotel pools in their underwear got old pretty quickly, plus after one particularly bad eye infection he got from a pool in Reno when he was thirteen, he swore them off for good.  Well-loved public libraries hardly ever caused them further infections, well maybe a hairy papercut or two.  “Thanks, Cas.”
“Oh and Dean?”
“What about the download you got from Metatron?  Could it have come from there?”
“What’d you find?” he asked, a foreboding lump forming in his throat.
Both Winchesters citing a personal matter as their reason for abandoning their desks the remainder of the day at the exact same time could only have been deemed suspicious if one was both awake and coherent.  There would be questions later, but at that moment the only thing on his mind was recovering Davies from his suddenly psychotic partner.  The way Sam worried at his thumbnail as he sped past the congested city roads onto weather worn bare pavement set off flashing red lights across the agent’s switchboard.  The details Sam hesitantly divulged about Ketch’s and Mick’s entanglement were slim at best: trained at the academy together, worked with each other off and on, then an undisclosed event soured their working relationship.  That intangible event set the fuse of Ketch’s descent into a combustible rage.  Their department borrowed Mick for the Krycek case to work alongside them, but that spirit of interdepartmental cooperation was misplaced the moment he stole documentation from Dean’s computer.  There was little possibility Ketch wasn’t an instigating factor in some capacity.
“So you haven’t spoken with your partner then I take it.” Dean could practically hear him pinching the bridge of his nose.  “Your John Doe’s identification came back as a James Novak.  Apparently he has a history of Schizoaffective disorder.  The report stated he was past strong medications being necessary for treatment but he had relapsed after his brother died in a car accident a few years back.  All of that’s rather moot now though.”
“I can’t believe this,” he growled.  “Do you know how stir crazy Dean has been?  And over there you were fucking some other guy?!  After all you two have been through, you just threw it away for…”
He sat the bags on the kitchen island so he could take off his coat and shoes.  “Hey, sleepyhead.”
Back on the road hurling the Impala faster and faster towards town, his impromptu contingency plan took on a rather unexpected shape.
“Without a doubt.  While it may not kill you, I do not have the Grace to isolate your bodies from further injury.  To give us the best chance to coax the raijyu out, we need a calm environment for the host both physically and mentally.  I suggest you both tired yourselves out – take an extended run, listen to soothing music, maybe eat a big meal, too.  I will place the container opening over the raijyu flush against your skin and commence the chant.  The corn powder inside should encourage the raijyu to crawl right out.  If we do this correctly, it shouldn’t even wake up before we close the lid.  After we have them both safely warded, we can find a secluded area and offer them back to Raijin.  We should start preparing after breakfast.  We only have until tomorrow around 8 p.m.”
“These other universes are like Father’s experiments, a proving ground for tweaking his designs.  Sometimes it’s a small change, the call of a robin is higher pitched, or an ameba develops a million years later; minute re-calculations after a previous misstep.  In those cases his presence, his influence is small.  In other worlds he takes a more hands on approach – manipulates historically valuable people, institutes new ideologies through his messengers.  In these cases, he has to actually be present for the change.”
His journey started along the muscled planes his forearms, up his relaxed shoulders, then descended down his shapely back.  Upon crossing over his shoulder blades, a flash of feathered softness floated across his mind like a leaf in a passing wind.  The angel twitched against him, moaning very so softly into his ear.  This lit a wick he didn’t know was flammable inside him and he hurried his hands alone to caress down his tight waist and delightful little hip bones.  He knew then and there that further investigation was warranted so he leaned down in, cascading his palms along his sides, scrutinizing his runner’s legs with equal attention.  This left his face right where they both wanted it to be.  Taking in the dark curls framing in his hardened dark headed length sucked the breath from his lungs.  Dean took the opportunity to feel down the sculpted marvel of his groin to tentatively fondle and gently roll his sensitive balls.  Teasing such a longing sigh from him shot a white hot fire down his torso.  Even though he had been stuck on a hospital bed then his couch for weeks now, definition still whispered about every muscle group, like the constant movement of saving the world time and time again was trained into him.  Cas’s hand petted at Dean’s face, urging him even closer to his weeping cock.  Happy to oblige, he stroked up and down Cas’s rigid member experimenting with the firmness of his grip and which parts of him most reacted to the stimulation.  The memory of their past encounter replayed at half speed in his mind to search for how exactly Cas handled them both before and his cock jumped to heightened attention.  The angel moaned low calling his experimental caresses to an end.  Dean eagerly licked up and down his shaft reverently; his tongue lapping up musky sweat tinged the taste of him.  Its smooth glide against the inside of his mouth sent a thrill all the way up from his toes.  A hum reverberated from his throat unforced as he took more and more of Cas in with every pass.  Slower at first, then deeper and faster until he felt the tickle of his hair against his nose.  His enthusiasm only increased as the echo of his pleasure folded upon itself in their link.  His toes curled against the carpet and he could see the cliff of pleasure on the horizon.  Cas pulled him up quickly and buried their mouths together in a drunken haze of tingling anticipation.  As they parted, a single thought congealed into a usable form
He grew rigid and pulled back a bit.  “I can’t risk any harm coming to Claire or Sam.  Ever.”
Dean licked at his lips, pursing them for a moment as his eyes bounced from his face to his newly exposed chest.  Now perched far forward on the edge of the couch, the hunters hands gripped at his knees.  The dark swirls peeking from behind the folded seam caught his attention amidst the layered want displayed in technicolor all over his face.  “What kind of shop did Jesse run?”
“Yes,” he answered a bit deflated that his attempt at levity went unappreciated.  “It’s Dean Winchester.  True story.”
“Are you a member of the military?” He clicked his pen and chewed at his inner cheek, but an answer in positive or negative was not apparent from his blank stare.  “Have you ever been in the service?”  There was no change in his expression, but the stranger’s focus floated off to the far distance into the next building or the block over.  “Can I look at your hands?” He offered his hands palms up to show him from what distance he hoped to inspect them.
, jerk.  Who was it that would niece-sit while you chased after strange back in the city?”
He claimed his well-worn spot on the foot of the bed and swiveled to face the amorphous shadows.  As the minutes ticked on, he cataloged the albums he listened to that day between small easy prep meals he snagged while both brothers were otherwise indisposed.  Over the past couple of months he ushered dozens of recipes into his cooking repertoire.  Hopefully he would get the chance to prove competent at a handful of them if he could only shake the dark cloud hanging over him.
In hindsight, trusting his gut had been a huge mistake.  Moments after the copy relinquished him to handsy healthcare workers, he was disrobed, bent into painful positions, and drained of several fluids making a headache pulsate stronger.  The relentless prodding halted briefly by the time they relocated him to a room with a solitary bed, a thin open wardrobe, and a dim lamp wedged in the corner.  When he sat down a severe looking red headed doctor walked into the room and spoke to him with exaggerated mouth movements.  The day had worn down his body like an over-sharpened pencil, breaking off every piece of sharp attention he conjured as soon as he summoned it.  With a mid-Kegel cramped expression, she eventually moved onto a form of sign language he can’t decipher either so he stared at her blankly.  Markedly more irritated by him, she scribbled some notes down on his chart and slapped it back into the arms of a nurse standing nearby.  Her low ponytail whipped behind her as he barked a couple of orders and exited the room tailed by two nurses wordlessly annoyed as well.  Was everyone in this universe so vocal?
“That would be the one.  Once she entered the picture, he became incredibly picky.  And not a one of his admirers met Claire.  Adding that much expectation onto the shoulders of a tryst is a bit too much to ask, if I had to guess the reason.”
Like before he garnered no response, but noticed the man’s head hang lower, his hand curl over his midsection tentatively.  The pensive hostility dissolved into a mixture of disorientation and guarded pain.  He gritted his teeth as a jolt of pain suffused across his face.
When he opened his eyes, Ketch knelt before him, his hands pinned behind him, all of his weight on his functional knee as his screams melded in with Davies’ raspy wet gasps for stagnant air.  The stranger he had grown so fond of stood behind Ketch, twisting Ketch’s wrists in one hand and pulling his head back by his short dark roots.  His expression was completely alien, mangled in rage, boiling with contempt.  Castiel refused to look at Dean as his eyes shined like a glaring sunrise.
“Let’s get going,” he urged more to himself than to the magnanimous creature all but sutured to his side.
His gaze slid down into the empty glass as he spiraled further and further away from his center.
“I won’t bite,” he cooed, forcing his nerves to quell at the uneasy tension.
“Don’t say it,” he lifted up his open palms and nearly whined at him. “I don’t want the rookies getting confused about which one of us is ‘Weirdo Winchester’ again.”
“Like how Margiekugel’s is associated with Manitowoc, WI,” Dean followed along out loud.
“Your partner will be back from assignment later this week.  Try not to rip his head off this time, Winchester,” he smiled menacingly.
Cas returned a half smile and pulled at his opposite elbow in response.  They both turned to the driver’s side direction as an honest to goodness sob rang out.  Sam covered his mouth to keep the huff of waning fear mixed with a laugh of amusement from evacuating.  Cas leaned over into the car to take in the trembling shoulders slumped into the steering column.  He attempted to brace himself for the onslaught of ire with his teeth slightly clenched, regarding the next few words out of his best friend with an entirely different kind of fear.  “Dean, I…”
He asked skeptically.
He beamed but still played havoc with his sleeve’s cuffs.  “I happened across a used book store when I was back in Lebanon getting those ingredients for that anti-familiar spell.  The store had a bunch of books outside in a sale bin.  There was a storm approaching, so I walked past them to let the person working know.  The bright letters caught my attention and I remembered you describing one of his stories to Sam while driving through Tennessee.  Since he wrote so many books, I assumed you hadn’t read them all.  I am relieved you like it.”
A black haired man stomped towards her then parried into his hospital room, dissecting him with his meticulous gaze.  This steel-toed demeanor barreled on as he ripped the patient file off of the wall and took turns reading the file and pinning Cas down in his hospital bed with a frown.
An anxious rope of energy wrapped around his lower abdomen and tightened, scattering fearful spikes around his gut.  All he could do to cease his ramblings was bite his inner lip.
Sam and Mick reunite.
“What?” he cut him off.  “He’s my what, Cas?  My
“We’ll make sure of that.  I’ll call you soon.  Let me know if anything changes or you just need to hear someone’s voice aside from your own bouncing off those thick walls.”
Knowing full well Cas would just squash his objections, he squinted them out in Morse code.
The flexing of his jaw and squint telegraphed that he saw through his bullshit.  “Tell you what,” he offered an olive branch generously.  “I’ll go get that print and if you give me the truth, I’ll give you what you want,” he said standing up from the stool.  His eyes raked up and down the agent’s body without a trace of subtlety.  He unlocked a nearly invisible door into the back of the building exposing a set of old stairs up to the second floor.
“This is private property!  Show yourself!” a rich baritone howled out into the lifeless complex.
“Hey, now, I think you had enough time with that sweat soaked thing.” He pulled it up to his face and sniffed.  Yup, the smell on the collar was enough to drive it onto the back of his chair and as far away from his nose as possible.  “Don’t know what you can see in that thing,” he muttered.  “Just came by to check on you.  Haven’t gotten to play your nap monitor in a spell.  They feeding you okay?”
Sam considered asking about the specifics of his mysterious disappearance, but Dean was not forthcoming on details.  Something in his gut told him he didn’t want to pick the lint off of that particular sweater just yet.  “Maybe nothing, but we’ve both read through the books we have on Angels a dozen times before.  I don’t remember seeing anything close to people disappearing into specks of dust before – nothing we’ve hunted fits this MO anyway.   There’s a whole bunch more books in the trunk you are free to look through, but none of the others mention Angels, so we should start with these.”
He scratched at his four day beard noticeably more at ease.  “So you believe in angels now?”
“You know what? Bottom of the ninth and you’re the only guy left on the bench? Sorry, I’d rather have you.  Cursed or not.  And anyway, nut up, a’right?  We’re all cursed. I seem like good luck to you?” His doppelganger became uncomfortable with the silence and threw his head to the side. “What?”
“If you say so.  How did it go, though?  Promise not to tell Charlie… like immediately.”
“I’m not just a bodyguard or attack dog or fighting partner or even a brother,” he sighed.  “I can never be what Sam is to you and I wouldn’t want to be.”
He grunted distractedly and dropped it on the floor in frustration.  “Whad’ya want?”
“Isn’t it supposed to be ‘Chicken and Waffles’?” Sam corrected.
“Of course, he’s your brother, but he’s my friend as well.  Nothing will keep me from assuring his safety,” he searched for evidence that his words had any effect on the hunter’s face and found none.  “I will speak with him after the run through, okay?”
“Come on, man,” he uncrossed his arms and huffed.  “Map… and giggle factor.”
He needed open air.  He needed to be free, away from the darkness of the bunker, home of his past, present, and future.  His breaths came in short, constrained waves as the Winchesters stood still mesmerized by his unceremonious reappearance.  Dean inched towards him with an outstretched hand.  His brother rested a hand on his shoulder, pulling him back slightly.  The angel’s stoic demeanor was clearly failing him.  Not wanting to unnerve them any further, he pleaded for a moment alone and flew to the most calming place in the bunker.  He needed time and space, which he suddenly had in spades.
Her chaotic curls still laced with scraps of honey flakes at the ends swayed in Charlie’s direction.  Her silent call for backup went unnoticed so she stomped her foot.  Charlie paused her staggered doomscrolling for a moment and tossed her a fond smirk. “Yes, Claire?”
He stared at the stack of tomes in box 25, knowing the hours left in that particular afternoon were not enough to finish the mind numbing task at hand.  Preparing a nutrient rich lunch sounded like a much better use of his late afternoon, so he climbed the stairs up to the bedroom level.  The door closest to the top of the stairs on the right was partially open and quick dulcet guitar chords could be heard halfway up the climb.  The closer he got, the clearer he could hear a blues singer melodiously wax about his eagerness for reciprocated love.  Bouncing piano chords and joyful brass reverberated off of the room’s walls and all down the tiled hallway.  His knees drew him near enough to the wedge of light as he listened to the lyrics, trying to decipher who the balladeer was, “Baby I'm gonna be your boy/Gonna buy you a Cadillac car, baby/Drive me where ever you are…”
“Fair point, but neither option is a panty dropper,” she added.  “Let’s torch it and get you a purple mustang.”
Dean flipped his notepad closed and open a couple of times, taking in every detail of his face.  Some crack in his exterior had to give him a meaningful clue.  Breaks in cases often happen with unintentional slipups or from reflections in the corner of an eye.  Sensing a whiff of the smallest detail sooner would be more advantageous than later though.  As Sam reminded him, they were on a deadline.  If there were no clues between the day and a half stubble and radically disheveled hair, maybe he could suss out an iota of hope from elsewhere.
Castiel expected a roughhewn, overly tattooed, hard faced luddite, Sam’s polar opposite.  At no point had Charlie given him that kind of description, but he filled in the blanks with anecdotes concerning a quick to scrap mechanic he overheard at their local watering hole.  Once when he was drunk in high school he crashed the coupe his father gave him for family errands.  Another time he dragged a man out of the backseat of a car and beat him half to death for climbing on top of a childhood friend.  Oh and that one time, a teacher threatened to flunk Sam on a technicality and Dean left his car on cinder blocks in his front lawn.  Come morning, he miraculously had a change of heart.  Charlie insisted Sam didn’t know to that day why he caught such a lucky break.  Every story made Castiel a bit jealous that he hadn’t met the pair sooner, especially the wily Dean.  With all the tales she could weave about them, she made it seem like she grew up wearing their hand-me-downs.
“Interesting choice.  Why?”
Thanks so much for sticking it out until the end!  I greatly appreciate the kudos and comments.  From here I plan on a couple of one-shots before I return to the "A Side" storyline (which is already plotted out and it's gonna be another long winded affair).  What did you think?  Did you like the "A Side" or "B Side" better?
“Not exactly.  This is spacious, the stimuli much more grounded, less conceptual.” He looked off at the edge of the harvested field.  “It was never this enormous.  He let me into his mind, but this feels vast, full of slumbering potential,” he said hushed by his reverence.  Looking towards the glittering stars, he closed the distance between them and reached out to hold a palm an inch over Dean’s chest.  His clear blues danced along the curves of his face with a vague nameless joy he had never seen before.  “You finally let me in.”
Over the next few hours, the undertow of sleep pulled him down deep into dreamy technicolor renditions of their night together diced up and randomized.  The moment he felt the weight of Dean’s words or the full flavor of the barley brew on his lips he was pulled back up into wakefulness by the scruff of his neck.  His companion’s light restful breathing on his chest lulled him back under a handful of times before flashes of the torture rooms the floor below them soured his dream space.   The light sensation in his belly of having Dean so close could only pin him down into the memory foam mattress for so many cycles.
“Nah, but wrap that second one from the left on the top rack.  I’ll take the whole thing,” he requested, pulling a bill out from his battered leather work wallet.
The arms firmly wrapped around her torso finally relaxed.  “Best to avoid an area that dark, just to be safe.  She could trip down the stairs.”
Both Donna and Jody had always been forthright and plainspoken.  In particular Jody oozed mother wolf vibes when any of her family or friends were even mildly distressed.  While she clearly didn’t want to overstep when someone could handle it themselves, she was willing to go to bat at a moment’s notice.  Even with his attention far off into the distance, his skin tingled with the secure atmosphere she emanated.  A now mildly oily hand scrubbed down his face as his resolve faltered under its weight.  “I think Cas is hiding something from me.”
===============
“No, let’s game this out,” he insisted anger liberally peppered in his tone.  “You and I invite our friend and business partner into the family home where Claire has access to her own room, a bathtub large enough that she can play Poseidon every night, a whole shelf of kids books, a fully stocked kitchen – where, by the way, he can get a glimpse of how incredibly domestic you are in your element - that he’s going to run right to CPS because she doesn’t sleep on a second floor like other kids?  He’d toss his friendship and business partnership with us into the wood chipper because we live somewhere unorthodox?”
“He wanted me to secure an asset for him, but I couldn’t go through traceable channels to get it.  Pileggi has been on him about wasting resources on out-there cases.  After that case in Black Hills, no one wanted to back him up and Ketch was gone.  His wayward theories have made him a pariah, but I’ve seen firsthand that his insights have worth.  Take the Krycek case: no one saw the links between the military-grade semi-automatics missing from that wholesaler manifest an hour outside of Lerona except for Dean.  That catch practically led us right to their new facility even while Ketch was on radio silence.  Someone’s gotta help him out if Pileggi can’t see his value to the department.”
“The only image I had seen of you beforehand was one Charlie had showed me from some raucous night out.  It was blurry and it looked like your vision was, too.  Whatever assumptions I had made about you from the snippets of stories she told and that grainy picture, you destroyed them utterly.  Under that full sky of stars that night, I knew artists could only drive themselves mad in their efforts to capture a beauty such as yours.”
Within a few minutes, he slipped off the couch and onto the floor beside the device transfixed by the popping mellow tones of high energy crooners and lax rockers.  Sitting with his back arched against the side of the couch in such a cramped position made his arms and legs lightly spasm with stabbing aches.  He gathered the pillow and blanket and moved his small nest off of the couch.  Side A’s riled him up and Side B’s calmed him down over and over.  The cycle wore at the elasticity of his heart, imagining the songs about his Dean, but putting new songs into his mouth felt strange.  In all the times Dean sang softly to him as they drove Baby over state lines, recently holding hands on more tender tracks, he had felt similar sentiments washing over him from Dean’s dulcet lamentations.  These word configurations were new, so they seemed more fitting to fall from the agent’s lips.  His mind floated to this more comforting formulation.  The rough landing hadn’t blinded him as it had muted him.  The way the agent diligently studied his face parsed any uneasiness about his surroundings into manageable pieces.  These dithering stares flashed glimpses of the bare want he felt for him.  Part of him knew fate drew them together no matter what universe they were in.  The evidence of it blared in this world.   After all he was sent barreling towards him out of all the places and people he could have been thrown at.  How much of his compulsion for the agent was fate and how much was his misdirected love for his version of the man?  A spiral of doubt crawled around his tender guts.  The B-sides pulled at that tether like a finger guiding a kite string.  On the third album he began listening to the B-sides first, knowing he could get a cohesive feel for each artist on the A-side.  However, it became apparent the textured underbelly of their truths gathered on the bottom side.  Eventually, the headphones lay on the carpet flanking the player unplugged.  The deep tones of the singer’s lyrical barrages bounced off the walls and gathered in the crannies of the shelves where bookmarks delineated one thought from another.  He imagined being surrounded in the center of a small brick walled venue like the one Dean took him to on their last solo trip out.  He closed his eyes and could feel a green eyed man’s hand find his in the dimly lit club.  A part of him didn’t want to open them again, because in that moment, he didn’t have to choose which Dean he wanted to be there when they opened.  He held them both.
“I need your input on some latent documentation.  Time is of the essence since I suspect you will be contacted by other interested parties concerning its contents.  Can you meet me at say… seven at the Boiler Room?”
How Sam held the torrent of beaming hope in his body he would never know.  “I would like that.”
The realization scalded him.  “I had assumed it was from my publisher.  The Family isn’t above facilitating a generous bribe or two.”
Cas’s big sky blue eyes traced the lines of his face and trailed downwards.  Embarrassment spiraled through him as Cas lifted his arms away from his sides to let his gaze meander from the goosebumps across his chest downwards to linger at the wispy nest dark hair framing his arousal. Once he drank in all he could of his shape with his eyes, he dropped to his knees faster than Dean would ever dare tracing his wide palms down fluttering ribs as he went.  Much more gently than he corralled Dean’s hips, he caressed his hips with his thumbs and licked his lips.  Through dark eyelashes framing clear ocean trench depths, he could make out wonderment parading across features.  “You’re the most beautiful man I’ve ever laid eyes on.”
His senses absorbed every physical aspect of the here and now: the rich green smell of the waist high bushes beside him, the metronomic swish of the pony-tail swaying on the stranger jogging with a stroller past him, a small insect buzzing barely off the ground near a trashcan a few feet away.
Cas scanned the pantry’s contents through its doors from where he was perched.  “Ah, we do have kernels we can crush to make some.  Raijyu have a particular fondness for corn.”
The shit eating simper taking residence on his face didn’t so much as budge.  “Who broke first?”
“Seriously, Dean? Another universe…” he balked.  There was a long pause from across the island.  “Seriously?”
He chuckled, bouncing the man against his chest lightly.
“Agent Bradbury here.  Your calendar said you were coming back from Kentucky today.  Did I catch you at a bad time?”
His Adams apple bobbed up and down, his eyes never leaving Cas’s face.  Ever so slowly and with a million questions scrolling across his face, he complied.  He settled on asking the most pertinent one, “Am I your Guinea pig, Cas?”
“Thank you,” Cas said sheepishly.  “I hoped you didn’t mind me crashing here with you.  The drain of Grace from my vessel makes it difficult to stay awake for more than four hours at a time.  I will have to get more sleep very soon if I am to have enough energy for tomorrow.”
“Mr. Winchester,” she purred into the receiver knowingly.  “I would like to say I’m surprised.”
“If Sam and I had a falling out and he let me in even a little, I would wedge myself all the way back in.”
Donning fresh pajama pants and an old concert tee, he returned to the living room, praying his friend hadn’t fallen sleep just yet.  Luckily enough, Cas stared at the screen with a tensed brow, eyes drifting from right to left.  Maybe texting wasn’t off the table.
He wiggled his eyebrows obnoxiously pleased with himself.
His smile lit up the kitchen in a way no incandescent bulb could.
His blue orbs darted from his face to the record player and back again.
A peacocking quality took over his confident strut under such praise.  “I spent several summers trying my hand at construction, the majority under a welder and master electrician.  Bobby made sure we didn’t have a moment to ourselves even after we came of age.  I would have followed those two onto the job anyway, but Sam had to be dragged kicking and screaming… Well, with Sammy it was more of a snarky comment here and there or a lot of passive aggressive side eye.”
He palmed his face with both hands and pulled down dramatically at first.  After a couple of loose breaths his mind seemingly pulled a memory out of the middle distance as he spoke.  “The first week of training at the academy, I met this arrogant prat who seemed to tear a hole in every one of my grand plans to be the best agent ever to walk into that building.  He sabotaged by supplies, spread rumors, and the like.  All his efforts were not pranks, mind you - more like an overtly aggressive sibling rivalry.  I fought back by competing with him, beating him at what he tried to distract me from.  Like primary schoolchildren we instigated each other vying for the instructor’s praise.  Did I beat him out in the end?  It was about a tie in most tasks until the last few days.  My fieldwork and tactics were top of my class, but his practical combat in the field beat mine the majority of the time.  This unhinged dueling of his culminated before the last practical exam.  I saw him sneak into my footlocker where our firearm locker keys were.  Instead of calling him out, I followed him.  With my own eyes, I watched him do something to my sidearm and put it back.  I was incensed, Sam.  How could he put my life in danger just to win out on some grudge he held against me?  To this day I don’t know what initially caused his agitation with me.  I had done nothing to him.  It seemed only fair that I give him a modicum of payback.  I wouldn’t put him in any real danger, but I compromised the firing mechanism in his gun,” he looked down at the counter, not wanting to endure Sam’s judgement.  “When it came time for weapons inspection before the exam, the instructor watched him take apart his gun.  I remember his cocky expression disintegrating as the components locked up taking the gun apart in front of our instructor.  The rest of us watched as she tore him part with her eyes.  How could he protect the public as an FBI agent if he couldn’t take care of his own tools?  He told her the truth, to his credit.  He cleaned it himself not a day before.  There was no damage before I had gotten to it.  I was victorious over him at last.  Its’ obviously not a surprise he was able to complete the test after he fixed his sidearm, but had to go dead last.  If anything I bruised his ego, nothing permanent.  That was enough for me.  When it was my turn to show my cleaned and prepared sidearm, there was a note underneath it: a bright pink post-it with lude limerick, nothing else.  It disheartened me that I tried to derail his career over a stupid joke written on a scrap of paper.  After the exam, he cornered me off campus.  I thought he would tear into me was like a dog with a meaty scrap.  Instead of his normal brutish foul play, he took a different tack and blackmailed me.  For years, he silently held my misstep over my head.  He could have told the instructors and had me tossed out, but I was of far better use to him as a blank check.  I agreed to do whatever he wanted so long as he forgot to cash that check for my little indiscretion.  Parting ways after graduation eased my mind; the weight for all intents and purposes forgotten until we were placed in the same field office five years later.  When his eyes met mine at orientation, I knew he was still sore over the whole thing.”
He rounded the corner into the kitchen to find Dean wrapped up in a wrinkled t-shirt he imagined Cas last wore to sleep and his free arm tucked around his stomach tightly in worry.  The circles around his eyes were less pronounced, but his world still appeared to be collapsing in on itself.  “Hey, Sammy,” he greeted limply.
He didn’t bother looking up, instead reaching for another folder filled with reference documents.  “What’s the year on that Malkuth compound surveillance report?”
A timorous smile etched into his features, “I appreciate that.  I would like to sleep a bit longer, but I have tasks to attend to today.  I have a theory to test and some supplies to search for in storage.”
Charlie licked her lips as they watched her shift her weight from foot to foot working out a jitter then fluff her girls to center stage.  She looked up at Sam with canary feathers in her teeth.
“Such revelrous music I reserve for when we were on the road.  On the rare occasions you let me control the radio and Sam is away anyway.” His thumb stilled thinking of the pictures Sam took of Cas staring out the window.  Cas picked up his caresses.  “I always admired the great song writers’ honesty, their bright expressions of unbridled pain and emotional perseverance.  After I came to the bunker and you gave me the stereo, I went through all of your tapes and records when you left on jobs.  When I heard Led Zepplin, Kansas, the big bombastic balladeers, I tried to understand their art through your frame of reference.  After many shuffles of their greatest hits and B-sides, I felt like your music choices played cat’s cradle with my heart.  I wanted the lamentations of chaotic adoration to be about us because that’s what I felt about you.”
His temperate smile skittered into a half chuckle.  “Don’t worry, Dean.  I’m sure there are plenty of excellent songs on the B side.”
“So why can’t you just jump into someone else?  Why didn’t you just take over my body?  Doesn’t seem like an efficient use of your dwindled power to try and heal a damaged host.”
She paused as her hand fell away from the door knob.  “Give in.”
A tan hand rested palm side up on his thigh.  A chorus of anxious energy called out in the popping hum between one track and the next.  The angel’s shoulder beside him twitched as his fingers turned upwards to the night sky.
With Dean gone and Cas’s attention returned to notebook numbered 24 and book seven of the night, a nearly playful lamentation started dripping slowly from the hollows of his face.  Sam sensed no amount of pulling on that particular string would be helpful or rewarding for either of them. However the sinking his heart felt hit a new low over the past few days whenever he watched his friend’s visage roll into this rehearsed expression.  Dean was finding more creative reasons to ditch them with the majority of the research: might have heard a Wendigo on the road outside of town the week before, need a specific printing of a common book they couldn’t possibly find at the local bookshop or online, that cantina’s tacos tasted slightly off so he needed to go order them again to “check the consistency of their recipe”, etc. Not once had he come back with a story of a Wendigo, that specific book, or a takeout order of “El Diablo Tacos” from that damned cantina he couldn’t even remember the name of.  Ever forgiving and patient Cas shrugged all the reasons to the side and looked content to wait for him at home like Dean was just away for a minute, just in the kitchen getting a snack. Upon his return, he would finish the story he had started earlier with his novel perspective baked into his segues and detailed commentary.  Sam resolved to talk to Dean about it several times, but the job kept getting in the way.  No end-of-mission celebratory beers on the hood of Baby under the stars or languid chats parked near a field secluded from prying angel senses had landed them in the correct configuration for an easier egress into an emotionally precarious heart-to-heart about an angel’s heart.  Dean would eventually forgive him for tearing his attention away from the nearest or most convenient rumor of a possible hunt right over the county line that suddenly became so very urgent the minute it clambered into his field of interest. Sam endeavored to force him to stare into the hurricane of longing thrown in his direction as soon as he made landfall within their mutual winged friend’s proximity.  They were his best friends and constant comrades, but being subjected to Dean’s constant emotional whiplash with Cas was leaving a windburn that never had a chance to heal.  His brother’s tried method of pussyfooting around the subject by spicing earnest conversation with bro-tesque shoulder punches at Cas had evolved into a full force tango out the door. Sam could only imagine how irate Cas was – or should be.  While Dean avoiding their bond only warranted a visceral reaction out of Cas when it put them in mortal peril like it had in White Creek, it was briskly swept under the rug in their sanctuary. The pleasantly haunted expression Cas wore in his face told a story Sam couldn’t even begin to figure out the middle of.  He saw the beginning with Dean unconsciously prancing through their space, then a vague turn he couldn’t put his thumb on.  Sam bit at the inside of his lip half-heartedly, still stuck on the same page he turned to just before Dean made his fourth attempt that day to get under his skin, to pull his attention to the great outdoors versus the reason those hunters turned on them.  Was it a curse, that spell, or yet another creature seducing them to unrelenting violence?  No amount of gnawing on his plumping cheek would solve that riddle or the one between his friend’s ears.
“Because that’s what the agent told them to do,” he whispered.
“So, what – you paid us off to shut…” he spat but was cut off my competing shouts.
The dark mop bobbed down and up a couple of times, seemingly unable to reign in the allure of sleep.  “Yes, but it’s just as dangerous and far less logical.  You won’t be able to reason with it.”
“The ancient Mesopotamians had a ritual for slowing the effects of poisons.  They didn’t know it, but it upset the flow of time around gravely afflicted people.  I adapted it to work on Angels, but it doesn’t slow poisons, it slows the reflexes of Grace in a vessel.”
Still rattled by their slim escape from the inferno engulfed house turned sullen funeral pyre he responded, “You think, Cas?”
Castiel falls again.  Reality starts to sink in.
“Enough!” he yelled and struggled to sit up against the pain in his unnaturally folded knee.
She huffed out a strangled sigh, but crinkled her nose in hapless amusement.  “Winchester, you’re an engine-whisperer, right?  Come coo this giant pain in my ass into cooperating.”
“Classics are on the A-side for a reason,” he stated plainly, not bothering to drag his eyes from the dusk lit highway laying their straight course out into the far distance.  “Some sappy acoustic version of a band’s greatest hit never got a crowd roaring or a record label’s attention.  They all pale in comparison.”
He hummed in agreement and placed the cuts of meat on the high heat for a quick sear.  Once his hands were free, he accepted the taste of wine offered in a long stemmed glass he had never poured anything into before, not even for shits and giggles.  The rich bitter libation made the flanks of his tongue sing.  It was so dry he almost started salivating, but it wasn’t half bad.
“I have no right to miss the layers of scribbled notes spread across your mind,” the peak of his S’s slurred with frustration.  “How each time we linked I could hear the typewriter in the corner stamp out a hundred more questions you had for me but wouldn’t ask.  You wanted to savor the mystery or just thought you’d annoy me with one question too many,” he let out a deep sigh into the fibers of his increasingly warm button down.  At last his vise grip on his shoulders relaxed and he wrapped his arms around his back under his open suit jacket.  He thumbed small ovals into his shirt volleying thoughts carelessly into space.  A bizarre skewered laugh followed a ragged inhale.  “I remember one of your notes from the day we met.  It wasn’t long after you resigned yourself to watch me sleep that first night.  I couldn’t fight the need any longer.  Your working theory was that I was a fighter pilot. That was before you thought I was an extraterrestrial.”
The guitar’s reign shared center focus with a crooning blue lament.  At the first crest the hint of déjà vu returned at the back of his mind like the all but ignored corner booth in a crowded piano bar. “There ain’t nothing in the world I wouldn’t do for you…” the song insisted.  Although Cas wasn’t sharing in the lyrical expression, he knew he had heard or
The confused look he gave him as he was propelled softened into a placid verbal greeting.  Dean watched their firm handshake and informal introductions, but a low buzzing flooded his hearing, pulling his surroundings out of focus save Sam and the man now offering his hand.  Waiting for Dean to participate in his turn at the interaction, his eyebrow pitched up in anticipation.
“I tried, but he just dismisses it.  I know he’s just tryin’ to keep me from worrying, but it’s backfiring.”
“Doctor Leahy just had a meeting with another agent and they are moving our friend to another room on the sixth floor.”
He looked taken aback.  “That’s the tale Anna spun, yes.  They were intense around each other.  Their gravitational pull towards one another was practically visible.  They finished each other’s sentences and stood very close to one another even while training under the summer sun.  And all the wistful gazing,” he recalled with a squint.
Cas leaned over and kissed him soundly.  “Promise.”
Stepping into the Mills farm was an unexpected delight, on the other hand.  Two rough and tumble children a little older than Claire were fighting over a ball in the front yard, hardly noticing the tall pair of men traipsing up their driveway.  They cast a knowing smile at each other seeing a bit of themselves in the wily boys.  Sure they didn’t have a big yard to play around in as rug rats, but they had an unlimited pension for annoying each other over less than nothing.  With a knock on the farmhouse screen door, a short blonde woman with a smile wider than Kansas answered the call.  “Oh, who might you be, then?”
“That’s right.  I saw Agent Mills straggling behind you at the last holiday party.  She was an institution at Quantico.  How’d you catch that monumental hardass’s eye?”
The events of Theta cemented the agent’s moniker amongst the other agents in his division once again.  His superiors artfully insinuated he would benefit from some vacation time, but recollecting on what happened in the rooms of his home would have been far more debilitating than burying himself in an unrealistic caseload, so he chose the latter.  When he offered to help out the department with grunt work as well Pileggi pulled him into his office.  His results were exemplary, reports succinct but detailed, so the unprompted reeling in gave him pause.  Most of his assigned cases were resolved in record time unless complicating factors relegated them to his spit-shined backburner.  The mornings he would normally spend running or shooting at the range with Sam morphed into solo swimming during off times to avoid the startled slack-jawed looks the other agents gave him when they happened across his path.  He knew what they were saying as soon as he was out of shouting distance, but Pileggi’s early morning meeting enlightened him further.  His former partner was whisked off to nowhere so they whispered nefarious theories between themselves and adamantly insisted they enjoyed working late into the night alone when he offered to lighten their load.  Informing him that he was to be reevaluated and possibly reassigned was a formality.  He could see impatient disgust in the corners of his superior’s eyes.  Without reservation, he acquiesced.  Better to keep the job he loved doing what bored him than lose it all in a momentary fit of defiance.
“That sounds like a lovely mix of flavors.  Why didn’t they ever brew it again?”
“You have all day to listen to records.  Come on, Cas,” he packed up the sliver of pie and shooed him to the couch.  Cas sat on the far end of the couch where Dean had parked himself before dessert and eyed the blanket that hung off the backside of the couch.  Dean pulled it off for him and tossed it at his legs as he leaned sidesaddle on the couch feeling between the couch cushions for the remote.  Recovering it took a couple of deep gropes, but once he found it he turned on the TV and tossed the remote over to Cas.  He stared at it blankly for a moment then moved his questioning stare back to him.
Dean stepped back feeling rejuvenated, working his jaw open and closed to pop his ears.  No pop came, but he could hear the wind rustled the tree limbs outside, the wood splinters grinding into the carpet underfoot, Cas breathing with a slight shudder.  The bone deep relief of fully functional hearing dissipated the second Cas’s face came back into view.  His feet moved on their own to reclaim his rightful place, hands about his waist.
The sinew pinched between his teeth tasted fresh-after-a-workout salty.  Glad for it, he inhaled the airy ocean crest scent of him so deeply he was almost lightheaded.  The prospect of cataloging all of him with his other four senses sent a shiver down his spine.  The euphoric thrill of experiencing Cas like this exploded in his chest once again, but the sting of it being yanked away so quickly curdled low in his gut mere inches away.  “I missed you,” he whispered and buried his head in the crook of his neck.
He returned a knowing nod, and then packed them back into the Chevy for the fifteen minute return trip to the outskirts of town.
Dean dug in the fridge first to fish out a special bottle of hot sauce then constructed his first taco.  Cas watched him diligently then made an identical taco with the same amount of spicy red sauce spattered along the topside.  Dean lifted his eyebrows, surprised he would jump into that kind of heat on this first time round, but who was he to tell him what his tastes were.  They each took the first sloppy bite, sauce dribbling over their fingers as they gripped the back end closed, ensuring the taco’s entrails didn’t escape their grasp.  He gave the bursts of flavor a long and measured reflection before diving back in for another bite.
“Dean, I think we might have something here. Something that could help us after the shit storm taking over this place has tossed us into the eye of.  You know damn well we could use a break.  What if we finally got one?” he asked indignantly.  They turned to the left again into a room when Dean clicked on another identical light switch closest to the door and silenced every other piddling argument he had cocked in his throat.
“Missouri!” she called into the back rooms.  “Winchester’s here!”
Since their first attempt at a conversation, he felt spring loaded, itching to feel, to learn, to show, to give anything to Cas he could want or need; like he was elated to simply exist in the pull of his gravity.  In the morning, he needed to wake up slowly, fight against the rage of the climbing sun.  In the afternoon, he napped loosely exposed but was quick to grab onto whatever insolated his escaping heat nearby.  In the evening, he prepared meals while sharing thoughts and jokes between gestures and fleeting thought bubbles.  At night, he recently discovered, his limbs drew in to brace himself against some unseen foe in slow motion.  The only thing that calmed him was to be held him close enough to smell his pillow battered hair.  To Dean’s surprise, his abnormally high body temperature never caused him to stir or scoot away.  Sometime in the darkest hour of the night, Cas pulled the arm draped around him closer until they were connected chest down to bent knees like matching magnetic spoons.  Dean remembered waking lightly, but just as quickly sunk back under into restful dreams.  Each time the sun rose and set Cas’s stern honesty and flippant inexperience clashed breathing new joy into Dean’s limited private life.
“Actually I just picked up something from that Thai place you took me to a while back,” Sam walked to the fridge remembering it was from the place where they enjoyed their first and only pseudo date complete with stomach butterflies and nervously touching feet under the table.  “We could share,” he pulled the paper bag out.
The nescient owner’s sarcastic rictus infuriated the drunken man further as the moments ticked on.  Dick wasn’t doing himself any favors by looking at his nails and whistling as the flush faced man’s tirade continued on.  When a stumbled insult went unchallenged, he grimaced; pulling his right arm back behind him and Dean grabbed the man’s elbow.  He pushed the man onto the counter bending him forward to show Dick the gun tucked there mere moments from being pointed at his smug face.  The man struggled against him and his high pitched slurs echoed off of the brand displays around the register.  Holding the man firm with his hands away from the weapon, he spoke over the muffled protests.  “Dick,” he greeted.
.  He double clicked the document and scooted his chair closer to the desk to get a full head-on view of the screen now that he didn’t need the space to air drum.  The first page loaded and the page count shot up to 25 on the bottom status bar of the document viewer.  Sam’s earlier comment about his reading speed felt like more of a slight.
“Are there any other previous small batch brews that were a hit in the past?  Less experimentation means a lower development cost.  I’m not sure how fanatical your special release followers are, but I doubt anyone would bat an eye at a repeat, especially one that was a previous success.”
The comforter overheated Dean out of REM sleep at some unforgiving hour of the morning.  The lights of the bunker still beamed outside of his door which floated his curiosity right out of the bed.  Everyone was home, so why leave the lights on?  Feeling his sweat dampened shirt cling to his pits and up his back, he pulled it into a semblance of correct draping and tossed his legs off the side of the bed.  He rubbed his eyes and blinked widely adjusting them to the light outside his room.  Down the hall towards the lower floor the lights remained off but towards the library, the new bulbs lit with renewed vigor.  His naked footfalls echoed loudly along the hard floor at first, so he lifted his toes higher to limit the noise. In no way was interrupting the sleep of a still buzzed moose a few doors down part of his unplanned late night bunker romp.  He expected to feast his eyes on opened books and papers absent a pair of eager eyes to read them, but arrived in the library to a different sight altogether.
“Now go change into that cool Tyrannosaurus Rex shirt and the rest of the clothes Sam-enstein laid out on your bed so you can get that carnie food!”  She turned her about face to the direction of the mostly unoccupied living quarters.
“I have no idea, but OPR is mixed up in it somehow,” he said stroking the stubble on his jaw distantly.
“Turn on whatever you want.  I’ll be back in a minute,” he gestured towards the screen and headed into the dark hallway.  The bedroom door closed behind him and he tore the remainder of his work clothes off, pulling the remnants of the day from his skin.  Even without the light on, he knew where he threw his sleep clothes, but opted in to finding a fresh set.  The charger for his two phones rested neatly on the nightstand; might as well retire them both for the night.  Maybe he could lend his personal phone to Cas during the day.  It didn’t have anything super private in it anyway.  With the line of work he was in, he had to replace the damn things every couple of months due to unforeseeable damage, so he stopped transferring things from device to device several handsets ago.  If it didn’t sync, it ultimately didn’t matter, so what harm was there in lending his friend a device for them to communicate with?  The screens lit up as he plugged them in and he chuckled at himself.  Would Cas even be able to text?  It would give him the chance to figure the device out if nothing else.  Hell, he had enough free time during the day.
The agent stamped out of the room and down the corridor.
“I don’t imagine they get murdered under overly mysterious circumstances that often, but hey, we can dream, right?” he chuckled.
“Don’t,” he growled perched behind the office desk.  “Just don’t.”
His mood instantly soured.  This was the worst joke in the long storied history of Winchester antics, worse than all the hotel toilet eruptions combined.  His grip on the door tightened.  “No.”
The heartbeat hitched but remained slow, “Anything, Cas.”
“Cas,” Sam half asked, but half knew his response. He was waiting for Dean, waiting for him to realize, waiting for him to know, waiting for something to save him from, and just in time, too.  “How long are you gonna wait…?” Did he mean for Dean tonight, or after breakfast, or to talk about their muddled affection, or until he’s useful to Dean again? Could his suddenly sullen heart even bear the answer?
“We were maybe an hour from heading out there.  It’s good you came back when you did… I mean, it’s great you came back period.  I’m rambling now.  Continue.”
“It… It was Dean,” he committed the truth to the night sky with thick assertion.
Thank you for sticking with the story so far.  Onto the finale!
A knock on his window jostled him out of his reverie.  He grabbed his bag on the passenger seat and stepped out of the car.   The urge to hunch over the agent that startled him to hear her better was overpowered by the memory of her slapping him on the back the last time she caught him lurching over her.  “Agent Hanscum, to what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Thought so.  Get out of here, Winchester,” she said through a victorious grin.  “Agent Green is meeting me here after she finishes a drink with her partner and I don’t need my backseat smelling like your airport musk.”
“Woah,” Dean breathed then yanked him in for another series of giddy kisses.
Cas grabbed his upturned hand and rested it on his in the space between them.  “I don’t want you to leave,” he said as he watched Dean smile meekly out of the corner of his eye.  He turned to face him, a leg bent propped on the comforter.  He moved their joined hands on top of his knee and sighed happily.  As much as he wanted to silently swirl affectionate circles into the thumb meat of Dean’s open hand, he had questions.  He hoped their close proximity would normalize the interaction enough for the following day’s events to be successful, but verbal answers were more likely to smooth the jagged edges that poked into them both during long thoughtful stares.  “I felt at peace sleeping next to you last night.  Resting that close to you again silenced a strange humming I feel in my Grace when you are far from me.  Being so close… touching you…” he smiled to himself.  “It feels like your soul is lapping against my Grace in calming waves.  I enjoy it… enjoy being in your presence, Dean.”
“You want to know what I didn’t tell Hanscum?” he grinned mischievously.
Her teeth clenched down on a thought mid-sentence.  “Were there any other agents there aside from you pair of Winchesters and some IT professionals?”
“Good, huh?” he asked between bites, pleased at his choice.
The green eyed man approached him again and gathered him back up against his side.  The almost cooed direction he understood was a call for cooperation in walking further towards the tall grey buildings in the distance.  His hushed tones soothed him despite the unpleasant vibrations of walking on unfamiliar concrete.  Those green eyes hardly ever left his on their walk a few blocks to an unassuming grey sedan.  Surprise didn’t register on his face when the copy opened the passenger side door to let him in, but the sedan was no well-maintained Impala.
“Who are you kidding, Sam?  You were gonna lumberjack haul her to her bedroom to get her dressed either way.  If it’s a good day she’s giggling and dangling over your shoulder, and if it was a bad one, she’d be screaming and making you dodge her flailing limbs.”
Sam gripped even tighter and Cas puffed against him a couple of times.  He waited for the accompanying laughter, but heard nothing.  The chest against his rattled with a harsh pounding he understood well, but puzzled him coming from an angel.  “Wait, are you hurt?” He pulled back but held him by the shoulders.
The fingertips from both of his hands found each other nervously in front of his chest.  Had he miscalculated?  If the nervous energy wasn’t from his lack of belief in him then where was it coming from?  “Sam said that…”
“Anyone would have –“
Cas ran his hand through his hair with a labored exhale.  “My first day here you were kind, hopeful in a way I hadn’t predicted.  Not just you, Garth too.  Each day with you and Sam and the others was akin to the first day at a new playground; finding candid friends only took a sweeping glance in any direction.  There were some beastly interactions, but we came away knowing what made each other tick and which dials not to press.  Then I finally got to meet your little Claire,” he said with a loose half smile.  “Whenever she appears you look like your personal sun has blessed you with its light and warmth.  You even seem to glow when you let yourself bathe in it.  Seeing your give and take with each other humbled me; that you would deem me worthy to know your family in such a way.  And the first time she held my hand… I had never been myself in that context before.”
Dean nodded and drew his interlocked hands over his mouth desperate to hear why Cas was bringing up such a fleeting mention from their night together.
With a pen firmly pressed into the legal notepad at hand, Sam asked Dean again what he remembered Castiel saying about the group.  The sparse details he was given were recorded in the margins alongside his pages and pages of meticulous notes. “Since all their new members are introduced to the organization as kids, they just plain don’t know a different way by the time they reach their full initiation.  Didn’t sound like they were let out of the pen until they could be trusted not to run off.”
“I insist,” he nearly laughed as glee bubbled up his center.
“Other angels?”
“The fluctuations only started breaking the bulbs recently, like the raijyu were getting restless.” His thoughts revisited the broken bulbs he replaced, narrowing the central location to right around room eleven.  Green eyes floated up to meet his own for a handful of moments before he pushed on.   “The affected bulbs started in the basement and moved their way up.  I should have noticed sooner.”
He dodged his scrutinizing stare by keeping his eyes on the comforter.
“Are you sure you were the only one in the pit?”
“I’ve only known you for a few years, by reputation a couple more than that.  I’d like to think we are good friends as well as compatible workmates,” he paused waiting to secure Dean’s undivided attention.  “I can see how you look at him.”
The questions Dean expected from Sam in the neighborhood of incredulous judgement never landed during the drive home.  Instead, he zoned into the screen in his palms, conversing furiously back and forth with someone as Molly Hatchet played over Baby’s throaty engine.  Knowing his luck it was Charlie prodding them on how the evening went.  He felt his phone buzz in his pocket, but let it be until they stopped outside of the Mills’ house to collect his daughter.  While he expected it to be a long string of nosey texts from Charlie, it was a handful of pictures of his little girl curled up on the couch sandwiched between the boys.  Apparently they drifted into sleep watching tried and true hand drawn animated movies they themselves caught on motel tv’s growing up.  Donna offered to drop her off in the morning after they woke up, not daring to wake her.  As Sam attempted to get out of the car, Dean stilled him in his seat and told him to type out a quick thanks on his phone to Donna.
An acerbic grin flashed across his face for a moment.  The taste must have disagreed with him though.  “Months after disappearing on a case, he rang me from an unknown number.  His request wasn’t even noteworthy – change the details for a handful missing persons files.  He had been gone long enough that I knew he was deep undercover.  Asking his partner or higher up would have aroused suspicion he couldn’t have explained away, he claimed anyway.  At long last I felt free, our agreement was resolved.  How daft I was thinking he was done with me.  The same number rang me again and again with progressively more brash demands.  Every time he said it would be the last time, Sam.  I wanted it to be the last time, but his threats never stopped.  Then after he demanded I report to him on the whereabouts of child I stopped answering altogether.  I recognized the child’s surname as one from the parent’s missing person report.  He was coercing me into doing reconnaissance work for a future kidnapping.  I refused, told him it was a line I would not cross.  My prayers were finally answered when the number stopped calling.
Moments later the clipped scrapping of the metal on metal from a double knife light switch illuminated the room; first by elongated glass bulbs with thin copper wires mounted on the walls, then with another clack, by circular overhead bulbs that rained light on every surface of the below-the-radar but not above suspicion complex.  Flabbergasted by the enormous size of this supposed fallout shelter, he called out each surprise, “Ham radio, telegraph, switch board.  It’s like a nerve center.”
A white screen greeted him once the message was selected, leaving only a solitary attachment: “
“Of course not,” he leaned back down to lay two long kisses on the left side of his neck.  “This is one of the best moments of my life.  I can only think of one thing that would make it the best.”
He lifted his head forcibly migrating the shower of kisses from his widow’s peak to his nose.  Coming up for air from the dense scent mixture of Cas’s weeping cock and a light sheen of straining muscle, he nibbled at his bottom lip.  Once he surfaced all the way, Cas could make out the sliver of moss green pointed directly at the bow of his lips.  “Before, you let me taste you, swallow your taste down...”  He licked his lips and pulled Cas’s bottom lip between his.  Cas sprinted after that connection, sinking his tongue down to slide across the lip Dean tortured.  Kissing became more difficult as Dean commandeered the kiss into a needy refrain and he smiled in satisfaction.
Sam turned towards him with an embarrassed sheen dropping over his visage.  Clearing his throat a second time proved to be ineffective at relieving his shock, but he made a couple more meager attempts for good measure.  “Yeah, sure, whatever.”  Sam eased the unimpressive car to a halt a block away out of the sightline of the house’s front bay window.
“Like my coffee order name?  My favorite is Crosby, though I have used Stills and Nash, too.”
With the late hour making visitors certainly unwelcome, he parked close to the front in the nearly empty parking lot and trotted past the reception desk with a flash of the badge at a familiar staff member.  They smiled at him and waved him off, which unnerved him a bit seeing as if he was a nefarious ne’er-do-well, a fake badge would have been enough to get by.  Either that or he had made quite the impression on an earlier visit.  The barely-coffee machine on the bottom floor supplied the mandatory caffeine that would inspire whichever agent was watching the stranger to take a break so he could question him in peace.  Once he arrived at the darkened room’s doorway, he knocked lightly to rustle the attention of the agent standing in the corner staring at his phone’s pale blue screen.  Recognition took a few moments in the dark, but the rookie agent made a bee line for his fellow agent in the dimly lit hallway.
The dark haired angel continued to undress him achingly slowly, squeezing every button through its hole before removing that article of clothing.  “You’re not the one I want yet,” he said, monitoring the folds of fabric sheepishly.
Castiel canted his head at him.
“Your Grace was only trickling in before you disappeared.  Anything I can do?” His pinky crept closer.
She waved him off and retreated back into the house.  Looking at the dashboard clock, he cursed how much time had passed while they dissected the copious legalese.  He entered the coordinates for his destination into the GPS and gazed back up at the second floor window.  No familiar silhouette watched over his departure.  Its vacancy should have soothed the low grade current circulating in his gut since he stepped on the property.
The clear blue of Cas’s eyes sliced Dean’s yammering in half.  “Enough.”
“Ketch was the agent’s partner.  He actually tried to get me committed to an asylum.  I think he had unspoken affections for the agent, but he never hinted at it himself.  Ultimately I subdued him for trying to kill the people I cared about ‘on the other side’, as you called it.”
Next Chapter: Date night's conclusion and Sam's startling realization about Cas.
Dean sat up quickly as if he were stung.  His Spidey senses were tingling and not just because of the transcendent thing Cas was doing with his tongue.  “We don’t get visitors.”
Cas smiled with his chin resting lightly on Dean’s shoulder.  “The youkai batteries discharged when I corrupted the wardings.  Many spiritual energies can be used by angels to turbo charge our Grace.  Its brand of power was compatible enough for me to complete some tasks at the top of my priorities list.”
“It was easy to believe Balthazar wasn’t strong enough to endure the pressures of the outside: unfamiliar cultures, consequential time management, and even personal finance – all things he had only a passing consciousness of until they were the difference between a bed for night or empty belly.  His insufferably posh attitude delighted some but provoked the ire of others.  It had its time and place, and detecting those circumstances took a fair amount of trial and error on his part.  It wasn’t that he was soft.  Quite the opposite, actually.  This is all to say he was a natural at blending in, but didn’t care to.  I, on the other hand, kept the books, pinched our pennies so tightly I was utterly unable to enjoy the freedom I had been afforded without his near constant pestering to look outward instead of wallowing.  But you know the end of that particular tale.”
Seven sets of eyes ricocheted from his face to the fire to their cups in hand.  He had been silent too long, made it awkward again.  Perhaps Charlie was right, he did spend too much time between page bindings.  Right beside him, Dean stood ramrod straight looking down at him fondly.  His positive demeanor was baffling compared to the others now looking at each other more than him.  If he wanted to make a change for the better, to honestly earn the trust of all the people around him already gave willingly, he had to take the first step.
The density of the paper under his fingertips, the memory of the finely textured blankets the body was wrapped up in, the newer building maintenance materials filling the cracks around the bunker he couldn’t explain: the odd little puzzle pieces that didn’t fit hovered nearing their true configuration.  “Here,” he lifted the reports up one by one for Sam to see for himself.  “All the documents I’ve read over the past few hours are around that same time frame, except these: the Zachariah report and their subdocuments.”
“Double or nothing!”
“For what?”  He shifted his weight to his left foot, craning his head in the same direction to listen more closely to his reply.
“I’ll let my brewmaster know it might be possible but it’s not in stone, then.  Thanks,” he sighed in relief.
The return drive to the brewery under the cover of night didn’t ease the tension in his shoulders.  His little human mumbled through her dreams and wedged further into the back cushion, which was a minor miracle.  Since they relocated she became a light sleeper, so maybe this a good sign.  She was settling in at last.
“I got us a location… So he’s hovering over bizarro world DC?”
Dean stood up and stretched, his frustration flexing out of straightening fingers.  “But I get the final say so and when this goes sideways, I have the right to tattoo ‘Dean knows best’ on your hide.”
His head hung at the lowest angle of his nod.  “Until it recharges, I will probably sleep at night for the foreseeable future.”
“What else would we be doing during a movie night, Cas?” he asked lightly trailing his first two fingers over the curves of his wrist all the way up his thumb.  Bold but superficial caresses laid the ground work for his indefatigable stare.
A serene smile toggled on and off his face as he stared into the center distance for a moment.   “The altercation with Ketch at Theta and every misstep the led up to it felt so heavy.  I needed to get it out, to be judged for my crimes.”
“Dean, let him speak,” Sam overruled his outburst.
Sam snapped his lips shut and crossed his arms again.
He finished to cleaning them both off with a thin frown, remembering his friend’s last days
The trip back home began under a fading orange sky.  His imagination cycled through renderings of this evil entity that invaded in their refuge and pulled their friend in like a vindictive black hole over and over again.  Did it exist entirely on a diet of angels?  Did the amorous duo trigger its opening like their recent necking EMP’s bricked his electronics?  His mediocre to-go veggie burger threatened to disintegrate onto his lap every time he turned a corner, wrenching him back to the task at hand.  As darkness passed overhead and pulled its curtain over the horizon, he pushed the aged SUV closer to its unremarkable top speed.  The baseless images his mind conjured always put Dean in peril, but in his experience clear sky possibilities never were their forte. Occasionally they were very, very lucky.
The pack’s resident brunette junk drawer engineer Reggie greeted them at the door with a prepped sidearm positioned behind the door.   She belched suddenly and waved her palm in front of her face, laughing and apologizing.  Dean ignored it as graciously as he could at first, but laughed in response to the stench.  Sam asked them if they ate at the same diner they suffered at, and was relieved to find out she thought it had been the campfire gumbo.  She had never used that recipe and underestimated how long shrimp could stay unrefrigerated and not spoil.  Sam patted her back in a few quick movements, directing her rancid breath right at Dean.  Dean maneuvered out of the way and Reggie giggled at them and turned tail to the living room table where they had what looked like piles of herbs for a spell laid out in alphabetical order.  The dark brown interior of the house echoed with voices coming from the basement, which helped them find their way down without much difficulty. Don, Chet, and Lana circled a livid sounding blonde witch tied to a creaky wooden dining chair in the center of the room.  The wide shouldered shorn haired leader and his buxom sandy haired partner-in-hunt complimented each other in almost every way.  For the tactical brawn of Don’s years of experience hunting, Chet had extensive long range weapons training from two tours in the military in far off corners of the world and the patience to corral the entire troupe into decisive action when Chet couldn’t so it himself.  Lana twirled the end of her black braid in fingers, deep in thought over the written and re-written spell beside her.  Some inconsistency played over her wrinkled brow until the creaking stairs forced her to look up.  The three hunters nodded at the brothers as they entered and Don motioned them to the side room to clarify what they had found at the scene.  Cathryn, the bound and should-have-been-gagged witch had just completed a spell to resurrect her familiar, but it was nowhere to be seen.  Their tracking artifacts had all failed as well as the concoction smeared in a circle around the witch to draw the familiar back to her.  They hazarded to guess it was no longer on this plane when Lana called them back into the main basement room.  The witch began spouting incantations towards the ceiling and maniacally chuckling in response to any of their increasingly aggressive questioning.  Bloodied and hunched over, Cathryn threw herself violently to the side, forcing the chair to fall to the right with a crack.  She landed with her right elbow pinned under the chair’s sturdy back which easily cracked under her weight.  Lana half stepped to put her right side up when Cathryn smeared the brown concoction on the floor all over her freshly bruised cheek and began her incantations anew.  Incensed at her inaction, Chet the veteran firearm specialist among them breached the circle and knocked the witch out with the butt of his rifle.  A stiff tongued reprimand loudly cast Lana back upstairs to Reggie so she couldn’t fuck anything else up that day.  Infuriated, she stomped back up the stairs and slammed the door to cobble together another attempt at capturing the familiar in whatever form possible.
“I read a book like you told me to do when you’re busy, but my tummy growled,” she explained pouting as he closed the refrigerator door from over her.  “Hey!”
Sam’s eyes bulged as he grabbed the file to read through the time stamped footers himself.  “It’s like someone typed out what a printer would on a time stamped document.  And… this can’t be right…”
“That’s not possible.  This place has been sealed up for at least fifty years.”  Only after a hand came down to scrub the worried folds from his face unsuccessfully did he relent.  “How old was that scotch you found on those crates?”
His attempt at levity had the opposite effect by the way his lips thinned.  “There is no amount of comics I could buy her or macaroons I could bake you to make you forget what I have done.”
“You okay?  Talk to me,” he asked, fearing the unknown origin of this sudden transformation coiled around his words as they leapt from his lips.  He reached out slowly, not wanting to startle him with brash movements.
“Charlie…” he rebuked, her disregard for the law testing the boiling point of his blood.
“Oh, yeah.  I was downtown on this milk run when I ducked into this little diner out of 50’s.  The kid running it was out of a movie, too:  greased hair, big smile, pressed white uniform with a black belt.  I was dodging these guys lookin’ for me and I spied this little number in their dessert display.  It doesn’t have apple on it, but I figured you’d like it anyway.”  He popped another dollop of custard into his mouth only to catch and his eagerly listening audience of one spurring him on for more details. He swallowed and continued, “I had some coffee while we chatted and I waited the ne’er-do-wells out.  He said his mom was the one who originally opened the place up.  He was keeping it running in her memory.  Seemed like a good kid,” he reasoned.  He searched for a more details in his memory.  “His name was Jack, I’m pretty sure.”
He tossed the remote into the table in front of them in halfhearted exasperation and whined, “Damn Cas! Way to ruin all the dramatic mystery that was building up for the past hour!”
“Did you discuss the asset after the first or second beer?” he stared into his swirling whiskey.
He couldn’t fight the companionate grin that pulled the corner of his lips.  This conversation was already progressing much more smoothly than his previous attempts with his temporary bedmates, but he tried not to get ahead of himself.  “The holy word of God as interpreted by their charismatic curly haired leader said that ‘the light of God shone through eyes of blue and the clear day’s open sky.’”
“Your sister?  I thought you only considered Balthazar family.”
Cas renewed his now painful grip on both of them and planted his feet firmly on the interior of the Impala.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  We are out of time,” his eyes illuminated the brightest blue as he transported their matter to the closest place he could visualize them to the bunker’s garage.  The brother’s terror soaked shrieks bounced off of every corner of the tight walls hardly containing both themselves as well as the Impala.  They violently ricocheted off of the bench seats of the Impala which smashed onto the floor of a room substantially smaller than the garage.  Regaining their bearings, they caught their breath surrounded in darkness, which just about caught up to their brains.  Through the cracked windshield, he could make out some shelving through the scant lighting as every lightbulb in every wall fixture shattered into uncountable shards.  The hunters grabbed the door and steering wheel respectively so forcefully they would surely have bruised fingers in the morning.  Dean stopped shouting last and swiveled his head from side to side.
The hard flooring under his knees played havoc on the kneecap he leaned on so he shifted his weight again.  The merciless skull chattered against the mandible in its confines, flushing the air from his lungs in panic.  Crouching desperately still on the cold floor, he listened eagerly for oncoming footsteps, driven towards the source of the sudden sound.
“Looking at all of the business accounts and both yours and Sam’s available credit, there’s no way you could pull enough together.  I’m so sorry, Dean.  Believe me, I will keep fighting for you guys, look for some sort of loophole.  I’ll look out for another source…”
Castiel canted his head to the left but stilled every other part of his body, like looking over the side of a building before jumping across to another rooftop.  After a few moments, he nodded as he stirred the tomato sauce once more for good measure.  He leaned back against the inner corner of the kitchen counter opposite of the island and held out his open palm with a fixed inviting stare.
Forced to take a couple of steps closer to reach the extended palm, Dean planted his feet in front of him and took the offered hand.
“Is… is he traumatized or something?  Was the place he was trapped in that bad?”  He began to fidget out of frustration.
“Don’t play coy with me, Dean.  You know how impatient I am,” his voice dripped with snide prodding.
“Well, seeing as you speak to Sam all the time, the novelty of such a thing may seem ridiculous to you.”
Merciful reprieve came a half hour later just as his stomach sounded his need for a sloppy burger with sautéed onions and crinkle cut fries from the closest brewpub to his building.  He received no messages from Sam which he took as a good sign not having any other details to go off of.  Unfortunately, when he return to his cluttered desk three e-mails were listed as urgent and flashed with angry red flags beside their headers.  A terrible granola bar from the break room and another mug of straight black would have to get him to four o’clock.  Four other urgent matters popped up in his inbox relating to the death by power point he just survived. Four o’clock became five, which gave him just enough time to return documents to his favorite IT analyst and double-park in front of the cleaners to pick up his nearly forgotten suits.
“By July they circumvented the Bureau’s roadblocks to foil ammo acquisition by manufacturing their own.  They enlisted the family members of enforcement personnel aware of their operation into producing it for them…”  Ketch locked onto the clarity dawning on Dean’s face with a languid wince.
His head slung forward a couple of inches as his brows tried to meet in the middle.  “Not a reporter, either.”
“With the bank taking Bobby’s house, at least we don’t have that 120 grand noose around the brewery anymore.” His knee bounced up and down nervously under the table.  Distant green irises telegraphed that he wasn’t making the headway he needed to convince him.  He would have to take another tack.  “What about a partner - someone to share the responsibility, I mean.  What if it’s not just someone to give us a lump sum without putting in any actual effort in themselves?  The nagging responsibility of return on investment alone won’t do our small staff much favor in the stress department.  I know how much you hate it when people expected us to do all the dirty work without offering a hand in the past.”
“What is it, Sam?  Something wrong with Claire?”
He crossed his arms.
“I’d love to, Dean.  Will Claire be joining us?”
“As you wish, but knowing won’t make this easier for either one of us,” he affirmed and closed his eyes to the setting sun.
The end of his thought was an indecipherable buzzing sound like an audio cable only partially plugged into an amp.
With his arms crossed over his chest he focused on his breathing just like the stress relief infographical detailed on Sam’s unattended laptop screen during one of their first brainstorming sessions.  Every fiber of his being wanted to lash out, to rip the phone line out of the wall and throw his chair through the reinforced glass window overlooking the production floor below.  Quelling such an impulse took several moments, time he didn’t have if he wanted to collect Claire without Pam’s well-deserved ire.
“Shame,” she tut-tutted.  “You still owe me some of that seasonal brew.”
With considerable psychic effort, he fought the urge to hurl confounded vexations at the idiotic parade of self-flagellation.  Dean sifted through his micro expressions with wide eyes, pivoting from one facial feature to another as Castiel latched onto the memory of their first time meeting face to face.  Although he had heard his voice through empty hallways and over Charlie’s voicemail, none of it had prepared him for the ways his stomach flipped when he first laid eyes on this devastatingly handsome yet misguided man.  “Remember when we met outside that pretentious restaurant in Red Cloud?”
Cas’s scratches ceased.  His warm palm rested on Dean’s lower belly heating the stirring mass of nerves in his gut to a low sizzle.  He leaned over and took his time lavishing kisses on his spit chafed lips.  The pleasing sensations echoed with a feedback loop of dopamine around their bubble.  Tongues and teeth worked in unison to answer the calls for more without an aftertaste of urgency.  A tart beacon sounded from Dean’s mind and Cas stopped, concern trying to soothe over the lingering flashes.
Without an ounce of trepidation, he drew him in with both arms to beg for forgiveness.  Pleas for mercy spread from his wine dipped lips to Sam’s.  He hungrily accepted them, pulling him impossibly close; afraid that the end of the kiss would be the last before he slipped through his fingers again.  After months apart, the fear of his absence was on the forefront of his mind.  If he couldn’t touch him, feel his skin on under his fingers, would he be ripped away again?
She scribbled her signature on the last page before tucking it back into a manila envelope and returning it to Castiel.  “Hannah bullied him into looking for you.  He is sent to the other chapter houses pretty often as beacon of progress for our faith, an ambassador for the growing Unquelled adult minority.  His travel time between chapter estates mysteriously stretches longer and longer nowadays.  It has for the past few years, now that I think about it.  I’m not sure what he has on Naomi for her to overlook such a brazen disregard for punctuality.”  She smiled mischievously for a millisecond.  “He picked up your tracks near Joshua Tree once, must have missed you by less than a day.  When he finally returned, it took Ingrid and Hannah verboten thirty year old scotch and several days of some very limber lovemaking to coax him out his funk.”
Sam bore is teeth in an uncomfortable frown.  “Well, they seem like a bit of both.  The Men of Letters member involved in the majority of Malkuth research was one Lily Sunder.  A couple other members tracked them in the field, but she had the most experience deciphering their motivations and behaviors.  You see, not one member has ever defected.  No one in the inner circle or ‘family’ had any reason to betray the group.”
A boiling thrill stalked a half second behind every place he touched.
He imagined Cas’s writing style would be cold, exacting at the expense of emotionally connecting with the material, but he was pleasantly awed by the detailed but compassionate stance he took as he described the facsimile of warmth the Family showered him in during his upbringing.  The distance time forced between his memories and his current interpretation of them after years of dissecting cults as his life’s work were at odds.  Painfully analytical flourishes rearranged their seemingly disparate patchwork pieces into a larger understanding of the Family as a whole.  The pattern repeated until he counted his blessings to have a friend and brother like Balthazar.  Sure, he was selfish and bullheaded, but their truly familial bond nurtured and sustained Cas while under the overbearing control exacted on every aspect of their lives.  Dean saw flashes of Cas’s impassible face as he described the Family’s mandatory scripture reviews and painfully dull daily routines in agonizing detail.
Charlie flinched like her hair had grown nerve endings while macking on Gilda for so long out in the emerald maze of crops that they were oxygen deprived.  “Hey, jerk!  That’s… a good point.”  She turned to her fair companion and lifted her hand to her lips.  “You wanna go to dinner sometime?”
The moonlight between curtains painted pinstripes on his wide grin plotting their next move.  He opened the cabinet between them and pulled out a medium iron skillet.  Incredulity scattered over Sam’s face as he silently voiced his opposition to whatever the hell Dean was planning with the sturdy but seemingly useless kitchenware.  Dean swatted his dismay to the side and pulled up onto his haunches.  In practice of what Sam could now see was a shotput throw, Dean bounced the skillet up and down a few times lightly then cranked his neck behind them to take a guarded gander over to the warped hunters between them and the only exit door on the ground floor.  The askance head shaking transformed into panic on Sam’s face as Dean took a quick glance at him and rolled his eyes.  On one last bounce of the skillet in his hand, Dean torqued his torso ninety degrees in the other direction and shot-putted the pan straight out the large bay on the other side of the room window.  The pane of glass tore outward and rained pouring glass onto the dried out shrubbery outside.  The light streamed into the bottom floor uncovering the furniture and hunter’s heads from the inky black night.  Sadly it only lasted for the three piddling flaps the window curtain could muster.  Dean squatted back down with a grin and monitored the reaction of the other hunters.  When no one moved or shrieked or hollered or had any discernable reaction to his amateur Olympics try out, his turned to face his brother.  The thin beams of light returned to being their only light source despite his misguided effort.  Sam watched as his brother tilted his head and clenched his eyes closed, his body language shouting silent expletives at the failed “plan”.
“Thanks to you my family is much larger than just him now,” he said with a contemplative air.
Dean didn’t normally indulge in such fatalism, but suddenly the climb up the flights of stairs to room 427 seemed closer to a mountain hike.  It could have been a lack of recuperative rest or the complex realities of his job weighing on him, but he needed a win.  If he could help one person after all of the innocent people hurt during climax of the Krycek case, he wouldn’t feel like all of the months of effort were for not.  In the meantime, he was still performing his duty, still saving people from the evil in the world.  If this mildly disgruntled looking mute found his way, so could he.
, he thought.  Grinding his teeth together, he dialed the daycare’s number pacing on the cobblestone sidewalk outside the unyielding barrier.  The ancient brassy dial rings of their unanswered phone line irked him more and more knowing that Pamela could see him through the window.
“I would hate to be put on a mission time out from dear old Dean because I have bulb glitter in my feet.  I’m just gonna go get a replacement bulb and the broom,” he pointed in the cardinal direction of the supply closet largely in a further attempt to get Cas’s attentions pointed away from the enigmatic carcass of the incandescent light bulb.  The Men of Letters had a ton of them squirrel away, so no matter how much Sam complained about their inferior efficiency to LCD bulbs, Dean refused to let the old ones go to waste by chucking them.
He finished his taco and wiped his hands thoroughly on the napkin Cas tucked under his plate.
Now nearly groaning at his brother’s post-death-escape loaded thoughtfulness, he sat down at the kitchen table right in front of the glittering brown bottles and tore the cap off of the closest one.  He surveyed the bounty with imminent gastric joy.  Pulling a plate of his new favorite tacos he had not enjoyed in over a week and the corn in a cup within hoovering distance, Dean eyed his brother thankfully. “Damn, Sam. You shouldn’t have.”
Satisfaction rolled at his tortured lament deep from his center into his extremities.  He smiled loosely around the cock and fully released his hand at the base of Cas’s cock.  He hum in eager approval so he could pull as much of it as possible into his throat, praying he wouldn’t choke on the impressible extradimensional specimen.  Cas’s eyes shot open and he cried out Dean’s name in reverie, taking everything he had not to lift his hips straight off of the hood.  At the first shot of Cas’s dense cum, Dean‘s furious self-pleasuring sped up to a fever pitch and the tight coil of intense exhilaration sprang from his core.  As the Angel’s cum shot down his throat, his hips pulsated forward, shooting his load all over the road worn license plate.  The Angel’s heaving chest filled and emptied quickly, only evening out after Dean let the now sated cock from between his lips.  Dean strained to get up from his crouched position to lie beside Cas on the Impala’s hood.  He didn’t dare ruin the moment with a pithy joke or rootless distraction.  Their shared intimacy was more intense than he could have imagined, but none of that mattered if it wasn’t similarly amazing for his friend.  He impatiently waited for him to say anything while he stared at the tall grey ceiling.
Dean squinted at the small text near the bottom of the still frame, but could only make out a couple of words.  The image however spoke the missing thousand words.  A younger man fiddling with his hands under the protective arch of a tall attractive man’s firmly muscled body.   With bright reds and yellows peppering the image guiding the viewer’s eyes up one body and down another, it was made clear it was a borderline erotic drama.  He couldn’t say he was at all surprised.  How long had Cas been here?  Three weeks without the touch of a loved one or the occasional self-assuring wank would drive anyone crazy.  Dean assumed he had spent some of his alone time meditating between his strong runner’s thighs, but maybe he was different than him in that respect.
He rolled his neck like waking up for a winter long slumber and opened his eyes now glimmering with a fulgent neon blue he had only seen twice before.  “Hello, Dean Winchester.”
His face scrunched into an impossible configuration and he looked away.  He clutched at Sam’s sleeve, but didn’t drive him out of his personal space.
The handcuffs clanked against the railing and the silent man raised an eyebrow.  A couple more pulls at the cuffs emphasized his point.
“Nah, puns are the shortest distance between you and a well deserve eye roll.  A’right, here goes.  My old supervisor use to shorten vacation to ‘vaca’ on our office calendar.  One of my coworkers spoke Spanish and laughed out loud the first time he saw it written down.  He read the notes to mean like ‘so-and-so will be taking time off for their cow’.  So we started to call vacation time ‘cow time’.  When I saw the steak it made me think a coworker had pretty tragic ‘cow time’.  Tada.  See, not a great joke.”
The man before him scooted back closer to the wall, his expression drenched in distrust.
Scant disgust settled into his features.  “You can’t be serious.  I thought the pomp and circumstance today was just a logistical formality.  He’s been dead for years.”
, he complimented himself with a wordless chuckle.
With his phone still pressed to his ear, he waved at her sternly pointing at the clock past the main lobby’s window.  “I got that.  I’m here though, aren’t I?”
“Well, good to know I’m not in danger of being your sock puppet.  How long until this ‘Grace’ of yours is at full charge?”
Dean relinquished his hold, regarding his urge to explore with fondness.  “Have at it.  A writer can’t help but get lost in a library, I suppose.”
“But it was so dark here a minute ago.  Then you walked in and…”
The entirety of the drive over to Red Cloud, Sam needled Charlie for details after the preliminary search came back scarce.  The rainstorm overhead dwindled into nothing as Sam read the results out loud.  There were hits on a funeral home conglomerate under the family name, but there was no telling if this man was related.  Bouts of nervous optimism manifested in telltale drumming on the Impala’s steering wheel a couple of feet away.
“Is it true what they say?”
He skated past his penetrating stare tabulating the invisible risk.  The anger escaped through concerted exhales.  “Fine.  If not, I just don’t know how we get past this.”
His guts clenched the longer he chased this illusive rambling.  Each sentiment stomping harder and harder on the delicate chambers from which he poured his love into Cas.  “Please, Cas.  I can’t listen to this…”
She took up her spot on the off white loveseat but inched closer to the blonde.  “Oh, John’s boys, right?  Bobby never passed on an opportunity to tell us how proud he was of you two.  Can’t say I’ve ever had the pleasure.”
“He’s just worried about you, Dean.  He’s always been protective of you.”
, he bemoaned another message from Sam.
He whipped around to meet the intensely curious stare of an archangel standing a foot short and two steps too close.  He sucked in a deep lungful sharply, now certain that this idea outplayed Dean’s terrible idea by a mile.
Cas’s tightening grip would have been welcome any other time, but Dean fought to stop him as best he could while also pushing Baby faster and faster down the country road.  He grabbed the hand poised for blatantly unnatural transport and ripped it from his jacket, “No, Cas!  There’s no way I’m letting you zap us after what you did to Baby last time.”
Nonplussed, he stood taller and adjusted his jacket, “Yes, Samantha.”  His attention was drawn to the open door to his right.  It was the last door on the private quarter wing, about fifty feet from his bedroom.  The room was usually closed off, with only green cardboard filing boxes stacked waist high littered in disorganized piles.  While sorting the Men of Letters documents some weeks back, they used this room to put arbitrary documentation that didn’t fit into Sam’s scheme of organization.  Without a word, he waltzed past his brother’s forgotten questions about the state of the Impala.  Flipping the light switch proved useless, so he squinted around the blank walls and moved his feet slowly, trying not to fall over any disused boxes giving his brother even more fodder to ridicule him with.  It was the last thing he needed with moderate levels of chilled annoyance still hovering barely below skin level.  He couldn’t feel any obstacles when he swept his feet around and saw no dark cardboard move anywhere along the floor.  The room had a peculiar yet almost familiar sound.  A light buzzing or static like a record player out of sync rang out, but he couldn’t place where he had heard it before.  His bones knew the room intimately, but his mind couldn’t place it sensation.  A swaying light made its way down the hall and right up behind him, shining on enough surfaces to confirm his suspicions.  The room had been cleared out recently.
A squint hung heavy on his face.  “I thought you were right handed.”
“Charlie… Fine,” he exhaled loudly.  “He’s a person of interest.  Open case, but not from this treasure trove.”
He doubled back to the bathroom door and followed the tickle of water outlining familiar heels.  The half-moon circles led to the right further away from the other bedrooms to the last door to the left before the stairs leading down; Cas’s old room.  He held his breath and opened the door a crack.  It was too dark to see, so he entered the room leaving the door open to help illuminate inside.  His right foot landed on soft damp mass beside the bed.  There curled up on the bed laid the dark haired angel facing away from the door.  The otherworldly clothes were balled up near his face.   Only sheets remained on the bed since he relocated and he seemed to shiver under it.  He gathered his extra blanket from the foot of the bed in their room and covered him up to the shoulders.  His breathing was even despite the occasional shakes so climbing into his space would have only woken him, Dean reasoned.  Although it tore at his insides, he tucked the dark green surplus blanket around him and vacated the room.  The sonorous thick clunk of the door closing behind him spilled his writhing heart onto the floor.  Whatever it was plaguing Cas, he wasn’t asking for help to fix it.  The sober itch at his belly slowly curdled into a vague bitterness.  None of this was right.
Within three months of moving back, he became accustomed to the routine of their brewery.  Benny took him under his wing where the production was concerned, but the management portion of his new title was a long road to hoe.  The rotating league of freelance brewery hands grew more permanent and official documentation was messy.  The mountain of a brewmaster helped onboard the first hire, a spindly brunet man with one hell of a sense of smell by the name of Garth.  Hunkered down in the dreary hunter green office, he followed the same steps to bring on two more salt of the earth types Seth and Starr on Benny’s firm recommendation.  Being he was a genius at his craft and expected the same dedication to the business from his coworkers; he saw no purpose to standing in his way.  Until they returned to full capacity, the rest of the non-brewing daily operation responsibilities for fell on him: supplies, payroll, equipment maintenance, building repair, custodial work, setting up a security system, and the fucking phones.  For a private business outside of town, they sure received a lot of calls.  Between solicitors, buyers, and the public asking about their non-existent tasting room, he opined for the days when he didn’t have to say the name of his dead uncle’s business before his own name the moment his mouth came in the vicinity of a receiver.  One particularly hard day learning the process, Benny caught him holding the cordless phone over the still’s open portal menacingly.  Once he reminded him how much mash they would waste and how hard it would be to fish out, his investment in that particular style of office equipment destruction evaporated.  Each workday grew less vexing as he gained confidence in each necessary task though.  Nights on the other hand, were grinding on without reprieve.
Ever vigilant but losing steam against the crashing waves of carnal delight, he teased his right nipple with persistent kneading.  Taking turns to rolling it between his fingers rashly then soothed it with the smooth backside of his long digits, Cas relished when Dean hissed and bucked forward.  “Fill me up, Cas.”
“You know, I might be able to help with that too,” he said trying to draw the stranger’s attention back up to his face in case he had been reading lips all along.  Then he recovered his attention from the spare coins he had pulled out of his front pocket now spread out on the blanket by his leg.  “Last official question of the night.  This one’s for all the whole bag of steak fries...”
“Why would he send us two different parts?”
“Wasn’t that the crap Hanscum brought in this summer?  So, you didn’t have the breakroom coffee today?” he asked him in a skeptical tone.
Climbing out of the shower, he felt substantially better than he had beforehand; more limber and awake than he had in days.  Outside of the oppressive and offensively sanitized smelling hospital, his lungs filled to the brim. These new experiences of music, food, life, and entertainment options fueled his mind to churn through this new world with a refreshed perspective.  Hope enveloped him, knowing it would be simple matter of time and effort to start communicating and comprehending this life and the people around him as well as he would his own.  Time as he knew it was now limited, but his second fall struck the gong of a new chance at a different life.  The nature of his vessel was still a conundrum to the agent though.  As they drank and prepared dinner, that familiar need for communication through touch echoed between them like sonar from passing submarines.  The agent chose to stand just as near to him as he normally would to his Dean, observing him closely without pressuring for anything more.  Midway through cooking the sauce, the agent gingerly voiced his need for answers, inviting their link.
Pounding feet stalked behind them and Sam looked over his shoulder to spot Dean just as he pulled Charlie by the back of the collar.
“Nah, just wait here.  I’ll go get you something to wear for the day and show you the ropes.”
“I didn’t get a response when I texted him so I called the person he’d most likely be with.  I take it by your sauce you couldn’t convince him to stay the night,” he sounded almost as unhappy about it as Dean when he felt the cold right side of his comforter failing to will an apparition of the previous evening into existence.
“So was ‘Lager-Wheelie’ Bobby’s idea or Benny’s?”
He spun around in his well-greased office chair and shook the hand offered to him with a relieved smile.  “So glad you’re okay, man.  That three month long radio silence was unnerving.  After talking to you every day for the past five years, it felt like I was missing an arm or something.”
“You could run dispatch on your own team of secret agents here,” he surmised.  Pointing a finger to the cluttered ashtray and stained white mugs on ten foot illuminated table at the center of the circular room, he went on.  “Looks like whoever was manning the hall left quick.”
“Sam, he’s an alien.”
The angel let go of the hunters, knowing their anxiety had entirely passed.  The taller hunter waved at them and pardoned himself inside with a gesture.  “Night, guys.”
Upon sitting on his well-worn office chair, staring at the twenty e-mails that poured in since five o’clock the previous day, he counted how many minutes until the next meaningless power point rehearsal.  Unless Ketch planned on prancing in front of the senior board of directors for their division and spilling his guts, there wasn’t much of a point.  The main cell had been detained and the West Virginia office was tracking down the rest of the remaining cells connected to the raid on their Lerona facility.  Several agents were injured in the primary assault and even more hostages were gravely wounded.  There was no way it could be called a decisive victory.  Too many lives were lost or irrevocably damaged.  The militia had a code about kidnapping or harming children or there would have been a much larger death toll.  Instead only mothers, fathers, and grandparents were taken from their families.  By proxy they thought it was okay to scar children’s minds as long as they didn’t have to cope with the fallout.  Then again, their breed of psychopathy left little sympathy for anyone except themselves.  It was hardly any wonder Ketch nestled in so quickly, he thought cynically.  Three e-mails later, the meeting started but Dean’s patience for the day had already begun to wane.
“If it’s any consolation, you hid it well.  Yeah, looking back you kinda had that first day at school vibe about you.  Aside from Benny being protective of Salvage and all its parts, I think everyone warmed up to you pretty quick,” he pondered and shifted absently.  “I was real excited about finally introducing you to Ellen and Jo being as they are family, too.  I kinda wanted to show you off a little.”
“Alright, how about Angel’s Landing?”
He sighed happily.  “Thank you, Winchester.”
He looked up as Sam with a whole different flavor of irritation on his face.  “How do you fit all that legalese and meteor facts in that melon of yours?”
A taller dark chocolate brunette rounded the railing and eyed them with far less suspicion than a loaded shotgun, but the cunning to know where hers was.  “And you are?”
Dean grabbed them two more bottles, sensing a torrent of amusement and cautious daring break over him in surges as he reclaimed his spot next to Cas.  His outstretched legs almost reached the cold sliding glass door.  The sensation anchored him to his body when all his mind wanted to do was surround itself in their tepid link.  Those three little letters still itched under his skin.
conversation.  Come to think of it, he had never seen fit to stomach it with any short term partners either.  Then again, one doesn’t spill their family history with one night stands.  It’s just bad judgement.  “I see what you meant about the wine,” he eyed the empty bottle and his similarly empty glass ruefully.  Cobbling an inroad into that minefield required laying careful ground work he wasn’t sure he and Cas had established yet.
“Your former religion’s shortcomings aside, how can your guarantee this won’t fall into the hands of someone who means to do you harm?”
Three hours and hundreds of photos later, he came away empty handed.
The bewilderment on his face, tickled Dean deeply, but he had to squelch it down.  “How could you have done this, you son of a bitch?” he sneered, stomping right up into his personal space.
“Could you get any more big hearted?” he smiled a soul deep toothy grin.
“I’ve learned the hard way what happens when you don’t create safeguards from fanatical diehards or truly desperate people willing to believe anything and anyone in order to have someone else make the big decisions.  One of those safeguards is anonymity.”
Dean backed off of Cas’s lap lifting his right leg up at an uncomfortable angle.  A hollow crunching rang out as he faltered backwards.  He nearly took Cas to the floor when he reached out to steady him.  In a show of honed dexterity, Cas gripped his left shoulder and right forearm to keep his balance as he used the momentum to pull himself up.  It had the pleasant side effect melding their hides from knees to chest.
“How about anyone from Counter Intelligence?  Agent Miller or Agent Davies perhaps?”
As she thought of her wife, her posture relaxed.  Her lips curled up into the hint of a smile.  “Donna’s not really the type to keep secrets for very long.  It’s only a matter of time before she spills her guts about very little thing.”  Her lower jaw lengthened for a moment.  “We’ve been together a real long time and have had enough spats over the years.  But you know what?  None of them have been enough to do us in.  She knows I would run to the moon and back for her.  Showing her I won’t back down when things are tough makes uncomfortable conversations far less stressful.”
Sam stepped back and crossed his arms.  “I know your Grace has been out of sorts since you absorbed the raijyuu energy.  We have been operating under the assumption that your Grace recalibrating to Dean on top of the stress of the foreign energy caused some unforeseen interactions.  That sound about right?”
“I have a few suits that smell way less like moth balls, Sammy.”
The pair attempted to stay out of everyone’s way, watching the patrons fawn over their food and prattle on about the events of their day in Lebanon.  Everyone working smiled at the guests and barked at each other with an equal measure of ease.  The kitchen’s clanks and bar’s clinks drown out any thought he attempted to cobble together.
“The same way Doug knew all those years ago his date was keener on me than him: her moon eyes very never pointed in his direction."
Changing the oil in these majestic feats of 50’s automotive engineering was meditative at this point.  Like Sam’s morning runs, the basic steps resembled each other no matter the model so he could phase out of everyday consciousness even while his rolled up sleeves knocked against their innards.  Like clockwork, his boots dragged him down to their orderly garage when there was heavenly mischief afoot.  Clamoring metal and metal dings and strikes could drowned out his consternation, distract him from the complex evils of their world for an hour or two.  Only once all the cars were serviced he would permit himself to be dragged back.  This time, it was his own tantrums drawing him away from the garage.  The fragile creeper wheel cracked away from the square frame leaving him to wiggle his way off and scoot legs first from under the red and white Studebaker Sky Hawk.  Annoyed more at himself than the bum wheel, he yanked it out from under the car and aimed it righteously at the stoic blue wall.  The shriek of worn out sneakers stopped his hurl short.
Dean could also feel a tingle of something projecting back to him, but could only smell something dusty.
A thinner version of a face he memorized minutes before settled into the forefront of his mind.  The lone figure reclined on a park bench under the early winter sky, arm stretched over the back of it with his head tilted back.  Altas never looked so burdened.  Sullen and bothered, he pulled a long drag from his stubby cigarette with one ankle resting over his other knee.  His back sunk further into the concave angle of the bench as he opened his pale blue eyes to the sky above.  This was Cas but not Cas.
Blue eyes darted from one fruit to the next, deciding which piece to try first.  He settled on a plump darker hued strawberry and dug into the base careful to gather all three layers on a heaping forkful.  Dean followed the food’s path from tin to open mouth with rapt attention.  He squinted considering the flavors as he chewed.  With a wide grin, he swallowed and dove in for another bite of a kiwi this time.  Dean let his bare fork bounce up and down in his hand as he tooted his own horn.  “See? I knew you wouldn’t be able to resist.”  He tried a bite for himself folding the sweet layers of custard and bitter tang of the fruit onto his tongue.  “Damn, Cas.  You might turn me into a dessert man.”
He shook his head and stared into the center mass of his mug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam on the other hand had left a slew of commentary and advice on all manner of subjects.  The time markers cycled from morning to night a few times before he reached the last urgent plead for a return call.
“I wasn’t joking about the double time.”  He put his phone away and pointed a thumb down the tile lined hallway to the right.  “Look, you’re free to look around all you want, but there’s one thing I gotta show you.  I gotta high tail it out of here after,” he warned.
“We’re not dealing with werewolves or vampires or the like so just the regular supplies should be sufficient.  I can acquire any materials we need later assuming we avoid running into anything we can’t handle on our own.”
Dean collected his stacks while boldly surveying Castiel’s thick forearms and piled the boxes neatly against padded steps along the insides of the van first.  “Haven’t you ever seen a gaggle of old ladies with easter egg colored hair?  Like they dyed it so many times the color doesn’t quite take right anymore.”  He mimicked an egg shape on top of his head.  “It’s usually in some smooth updo that just sits on top of their head.”
“Hey, we needed to eat and you can still earn another ticket to salad heaven.  All you gotta do is tap out,” he grinned widely.
“Hey, brother,” Benny greeted with a little raspy cough.
He canted his head forward at an angle, but ultimately shakes his head.
Just then, memories of Claire’s first big family style Christmas surfaced from that settled feeling.  She was three years old by then, but it was the first Christmas she was passed enthusiastically around from a Harvelle lap to Singer to Winchester.  By the time the adults were tipsy on aged special occasion whiskey and her eyelids grew heavy, she was full on sweet jams and Christmas cookies instead of passed out with just the Winchester-Singer triumvirate and reheated leftovers.  Ellen and Jo took turns cooing at her and lavishing her with all the feminine attention he didn’t realize she may be missing.  Sure, he fed, bathed, and clothed her as best he could, but that kind of affection was one of his blind spots.  Her mother not being around to call his attention to such an oversight made it even clearer.  From then on, he looped the Harvelles in on her birthday parties and weekends in town if only to pay homage to her cuteness for a few minutes between shifts.  The way her eyes lit up when Jo first held her in her holiday best was far more moving than he cared to admit out loud.
He spared a half second to shrug, his eyes never wavering from the second attempt at a salvageable breakfast.  “My publisher hasn’t checked in this month yet, so I assume I am in the clear for some recreation time.  The first draft is nearly complete, though she was concerned when I mentioned the change in direction.”
He turned to leave when a wet hand grabbed his wrist.  Finding the source of the warm pull, he saw Castiel looking into his eyes as he peered around the side of the curtain like a child trying desperately to convince a parent they wanted something but was too afraid to plainly ask.  Once Dean faced him again he let go of his hand.  The retreated hand made a duck billed flapping motion and his eyes dodged to the closed toilet seat a foot or so from the shower.
“Winchester, right?  Haven’t seen you in a spell.”  The iron in the man’s waistband finally caught his attention.  “Oh, what have we here?”
---------------------------------------
Sam only noticed his squint after the next book in front of his brother failed to open in his peripheral vision.  “Dean?”
“You have any siblings?”  The marker bobbed up and down in a circular fashion.  It could have been a six or a zero.
better after stepping away so long ago.  This was the end of the line though, as far as they could force him to follow.  All he had to do was try not to melt on the way to the front door.  To the right, he felt for the navy duffle bag and pulled into onto his shoulder.  With his nerves in such a state, he wouldn’t put it past his overworked psyche to imagine the dead man trapped in canvas rambling on through the zipper about his innumerable past failings.  Examples of his terribly selfish nature drooled from the lips of his closest family onto his voicemail in spectacular formations of hateful reverie the moment they noticed he escaped after all.
He shakes his head with a tangible amount of sadness; the dark blue fabric between his thumb and forefinger flexing with agitation.
“Naomi sent me away with everything she had on his whereabouts the month leading up to his disappearance: phone records, receipts, redacted meeting schedules, and privately chartered flight records.  I spent the greater part of a month driving all across the Midwest interviewing orphanage employees, hotel staff, pilots, and anyone who could have laid eyes on him.  His trail ran cold outside of Emporia.  The luxury sedan he rented in Wichita was parked on the side of the road perpendicular from the road’s edge.  Dirt was piled up around the front of the tires like he slammed on the brakes to swerve around something, nearly losing control.  There were no other skid marks on the road other than his own, so whoever took him wasn’t in a particular hurry.  At that point, I turned to the only other lead I had: his phone records.  A friend helped track his phone’s last known coordinates.  I searched everywhere in a three mile radius of the tower closest to its last recorded location.  The trail went cold soon after.  There wasn’t anything that screamed ‘Malkuth’ within a hundred miles: no chapter houses, no orphanages, not banks with Malkuth accounts, nothing.  By then over a month had gone by and Naomi was much more amenable to supplying information.  Looking back it was probably a wasted opportunity.”
The collapsed oak bookshelves under his car ceased their groaning enough for Dean to deem it survivable to make his way into the bunker proper.  Although his eyes adjusted to the dusky expanse surrounding him, he had no idea how long he sat in the Impala feeling hollowed out with rage.  He could hear small whining creaks in the distant hallway guiding him upstairs.  He nearly tripped at the top of the stairs, feet feeling for a top stair he had climbed already.  Recovering successfully enough with no one watching in near complete darkness, he mentally patted himself on the back.  His confidence sifted through the soles of his feet when a solitary light switched on unexpectedly twenty feet or so down the hall and Sam’s snickering face greeted him.  “You okay there?”
The man shuffled thick souled shoes at the top of the steps, seemingly lost in the dark.
It was an odd comparison off of Garth’s lips.  Then again, he didn’t know any of them very well.  “Do they adamantly disagree that often?”
The other agent dedicated all of his bandwidth to not looking as freaked out as he was.  “Just let me know.  There’s no way Dean could have augmented the files before Mick copied them, though.  We’re on the same page, right?”
The actual production stages and individual tasks involved seemed simple enough by the way Garth explained them.  The comparatively diminutive wiry haired woman among them taped up filled boxes at the end of the packing belt as Garth went over her duties starting at the last large tank in the row of gargantuan metallic kettles: the storage tank.  She corrected him as he over simplified the last parts of the process, but otherwise focused on her task.  Knowing so little about her other than her disinterest in free breakfast food made her hard to read.  Castiel supposed it would be that way with most members of their small staff for the time being.
“I don’t think anyone has taken that much interest in my ceiling before, and I’ve had the lights rewired twice,” he said with a twinkle in his eye.  The cadence was happy, but suspicion colored his tone.
The space shrank and grew taking in every scrap of paper, every faded map page, and off white string connecting one point on the chalkboard painted wall to the next.  Lengthy diagrams held each corner of the room up as the dense configuration of dates and names weighed down the walls between.  Every foot or so a magnetic clap gathered news article clippings and the occasional thick thread on its way to the next point across the wall.  It lacked the scribbled ramblings and large circles of a conspiracy board, but smacked of its obsessive dense font leaving no room between lines for guarded misgivings.  A large bright blue circle with diligently drawn geometric shapes filling its confines hovered above their heads taking up the entirety of the ceiling.  Under the harsh blue white light he could make out ancient tomes lining a slender book shelf beside his desk which was pock marked with coffee stain rings.  Two separate piles of manila folders like the ones Cas brought reports to the office in were huddled in the desk’s corners; however these were crammed with newspaper articles and thick official looking notarized documents.  The room branched off to the right where a lone wide couch bearing just as many blankets as the bed offered its services to the overworked writer.  Dean could easily envision him dragging himself those few feet from the desk to fall into its welcoming embrace.  An old trunk arranged on its shorter side held up a small collection of empty glasses and a small plate by the end that acted as the head of the bed.  Even the window centered over the desk he saw from outside was covered to block out the light to his fortress of enabled obsession.  Part of him pondered if he had allowed Charlie that far inside.  There was little wonder now how he could work well into the evening none the wiser.
Tranquil waves pillowed his exposed nerves from sun kissed hair to worn out sneakers.
Not a soul broached the building after the last car left, so he felt secure encroaching into the building’s shadow.  His thumping heartbeat and the crunch of shifting gravel underfoot echoed as he picked at the warehouse door’s simple industrial lock.  According to his intel, once inside as long as he stuck to the wall immediately on the right, there would be no video evidence of his coming or going.  He counted his lucky stars that the owners didn’t think external lighting or keycard entry were necessary security measures.  The doorknob’s lurch clockwise drew a moan of relief from his clenched throat.  In measured movements, he stalked towards the thick rusted door a stone’s throw away, a foxed yellow sign on its door threatening penalty for unauthorized entry.  The likelihood of someone still guarding its inner walls since the barrel locked door had last swung open was impossibly small.  With some elbow grease and charcoal dust, but he wedged the door open, careful not to make more noise than necessary. Long controlled breaths reverberated off of the circular walls in the complex’s entryway.  Since his eyes adjusted to the dark shortly after sunset, he incrementally scaled up the power level on his flashlight casting harsher shadows over the railing.  Even the lowest setting scorched the reflection of its initial beams off of the metal staircase back at his retinas.  Once he could handle the light at half intensity, he jogged down the stairs.  Once again, he looked at his watch and squinted anxiously.  If the information he paid for was correct, he had fifteen minutes before the internet based security system would notify the owners something had tripped its sensors.  According to the security company’s records, the owners lived another twenty minutes away.  Although it wasn’t enough time to take in the sights, it was enough time to collect his objective and get out of dodge.  A familiar uneasiness stirred in his chest and he adjusted his mostly empty duffel bag slung across his back into a more comfortable position.  As swiftly as his boots could carry him, he jogged up a small flight of stairs, down a hallway to the right, and descended into the stomach of the sub-building’s second floor basement.  A complex of warehouse style rooms splintered off of the main hallway on either side.  Every few doors, he leaned closer to inspect the number plates, mouthing the numbers louder and louder until he uncovered the first one on his list of possible suspects.
Cas gave a brighter smile for a moment; pushing his fingers flat to the firm chest under his fingertips.  The pounding quickened when the two planes first met, but slowed to thrust harder in the confines of his chest.  Inhaling the hunter’s dark redolence filled him with momentary serenity.  Nonetheless, he still needed to find out why he was so nervous for his turn at the ritual.  The familiar but unnatural sleepiness was clawing at him since he sat down, but he had to focus.  “I do as well.  I have to ask you something, Dean.”
He sat down in the only open seat and tried to massage a knot out of his left shoulder.  “Discretion would be prudent in this instance.”
“So, if Naomi didn’t put any stock into the Men of Letters, she wouldn’t have known about the bunker, right?  The Malkuth theoretically wouldn’t be a threat?”
“What’s that?” he asked quietly as he timidly plunged his hands into the pockets of his coat.
Ketch made his way down the hall within five feet of the door baring Cas from his reach.  He paused at the bathroom door and pointed, pretending not to know which door it was.
He produced another folder and handed it to Dean.  “See for yourself.”
The agent squinted between the twisted joints of chain link fence at a person of interest in one of his four open on-the-books cases.  Now a few blocks from his car he tried his utmost to look engrossed in the pickup game happening a few feet away while he spied on the bald track suited miniature horse of a man sliding a folded square of paper to a beanpole of a man’s palm.  The taller man was was greying at the temple but wore a rumpled pair of business slacks with a collared uniform shirt, like he was between shifts at two different jobs.  The group of twenty-somethings huddled around them.   His file said he was a citywide illegal steroid dealer who plumped the pockets of the coke dealer two blocks over with most of his proceeds.  The sweat dripped off of his upper lip whenever he rushed through a story or anecdote about some score, leaving necessary parts of his sentences by the wayside.  His lackeys smiled and laughed for him absently, clearly riding the influence of their fraction of his favor.  He was a shoe string fry, not even a sliver of potato over fried at the salty bottom of a fast food bag.  This water-logged aging tip the bureau received about this man’s contacts were a stone’s throw from reliable.  The unappealing task of strictly observing a diminutive criminal gifted to the agent provided him with enough downtime to follow up on his hunches for his other cases, but balancing the two still left him with the bandwidth to hover his thumb over the message icon on his phone before switching all the way back to the case in his head.
Dean’s green eyes shifted downward in thought and bounced back up then shook his head slightly.  His reassurances didn’t stop the quickened breathing, so he had to try something more active. This was the right move to cash in on, but the rejection might dissolve his will.  His left hand floated to Dean’s cheek.  The moodiness of his mossy green irises clouded for a moment, but distilled with a light sigh.  His morning scruff scratched his friend’s palm softly, but no effort was made to pull away.  “Dean, I need to touch you more.  Is that okay?”
“Thank you!” she giggled and tucked back under her father’s cheek.
The mellifluous chant began anew with a slightly higher pitch.  The echoing of the instrumentation along the walls pulled at his memory in a way he couldn’t identify.  His eyes followed Cas’s hands for a moment, but he instinctively slammed them shut and thought of baseball, pitching, hitting, running, nope definitely not scoring (scoreboards!), innings, overpriced stadium beer, on and on.  His abs flexed responsively to the top of the container sandwiching him between the jar and the mattress.  The patched up mattress squeaked and old springs poked his backside just enough to distract him more, and any distractions were in the plus column.  He must have shifted because the lip of the jar popped off of his skin for a moment and Cas’s palm came down to run along the seam of jar, brushing against his stomach insistently.  He licked his lower lip and felt his heart beating erratically from the brief skin on skin contact.  With his eyes still firmly closed, he guided measured breaths in and out for a ten count.  The welcoming fingers retreated when he felt the first deep pull from within him.  A cold pointed agitation swirled inside of him.  Oil changes, he thought, the step by step procedure played in his wholly misled mind.  A shock jarred him from worshipful stillness and he grabbed at the side edges of the mattress like he had seen Sam do to the table during his ritual.  The creature made a languid merciless withdrawal from him forcing his core to cease and relax in waves.  He couldn’t let it win.  He desperately needed something to focus on.  A sad melody rang out from unexpected lips. The angel’s song rang out baritone and jagged like his well-tuned voice had been sung ragged.  The tale of a man knowingly doing wrong and tumbling through repeated lamentations of regret, begging for forgiveness, bubbled from his lips halting the jerks and quakes of his muscles and vibrated into his limp bones.  A spiked shock ended the calming song as well as the drilling pain of the creature slipping feebly from under his belly button. The whiplash forced him to cry out past the incisors bruising his upper lip. As soon as the container ripped from his belly, he covered his flesh his palms and broke down into a coughing fit.  Each pull and stutter of his abdomen tore at the new absence in his belly.  The chants ceased and all he could hear was his own haggard acidic coughs bouncing off of the walls.  There was no way sleeping Sammy rested all the way through the racket no matter how far away his room was.  The worst of the hacking slowed as he heard a tape flip and a meandering soul churning guitar solo whisked around the room into his straining ears.  The mattress under him flexed and swiveled.  Between coughs forty-three and forty-four warm arms snuck under his tensed ones braced by his mouth and pulled him into the tepid body sitting behind him.  A slightly cooler hand touched his throat and the coughing fit lessened, the tickle in his throat all but gone.  Labored breaths worked through him and at long last he opened his eyes.  Flickering candle light exposed the angel’s arms around his torso, a rogue thumb painting tiny symbols into his skin.  Breathing became less and less taxing so he relaxed back into his friend feeling mildly embarrassed about how sweaty he undoubtedly became.
“No, but that’s not really the point.  If the possibility exists and we did nothing to stop them, we aren’t doing everything we can to keep ourselves safe.  We live in a centuries old secret society bat cave for fucks sake.   It took a very frantic month to update the place enough not to kill an overly curious full grown adult and another few weeks before I shored up the rest of it so Claire couldn’t stumble onto something dangerous even if she found her way past the barrier to the lower levels.”
“That’s what I’m here for,” he smiled warmly.
His rough lips pulled thin into a tentative smile.  “I know that well, Dean.”
Cas dove in silencing Dean’s delighted puff of laughter with kisses that explored every angle of his tongue.  A satisfied hum shouldered free between small moans when Cas fumbled blindly through the bedside drawer for supplies.  Once he laid them out beside the haphazard pile of pillows at the head of the bed, Dean concentrated on Cas’s hastened breathing and murmurs of adulation.  “That’s the brave Dean I know.”
“Is it helping?” he whispered right into the shell of Dean’s ear.
, he grinned.
“What do you want, Ketch,” Sam demanded with all the firmness of a dreamer riled up anxiously in one of those naked-in-public nightmares.
A firm smile could disintegrate that annoyance, he was sure of it.  He took a swing at a radio broadcaster’s smile through the window at her, his dulcet tones deep and accommodating.  “Come on, Pamela.  I barely missed normal pick up time.  Besides, how could you know I was running late?”
“I can’t believe you found him so quickly.  I mean, you’re you, but he’s…” he drifted off etching this new visage into his mind for quick recall.
“Wait, what part did he send you?”
“Stop stalling,” he commanded gruffly.
“Uh huh,” he leaned back on the seat and crossed his arms.  “Whatever you say, man.  Either way, you know I support you two, whatever happens.”
“We can ask him when he comes back.  And he will come back.  The Arioch says that when their wavelengths achieve balance again, their Grace solidifies to its version of normal.”
Footfalls sounded rapidly towards his position.  He didn’t anticipate having to fight this soon after his pummeling defeat versus Newton’s pet project.  Nestling at the bottom of the barrel of his power were droplets of the foreign essence he absorbed weeks before.  Since he couldn’t call upon his Grace he leaned into this familiar power, drew it into his center to intimidate his enemy, possibly saving his hide.   Posturing divine vibrato would be his best play after his best imitation of a comet across the early evening skyline brought unwanted attention.
His eyes darted to the center of the woven white sheets.  This downcast look made his heart sink a bit, but he resolved to remain objective.  “You gonna talk to me today?”  Dean nearly forgot he might be deaf and his head was turned in the opposite direction so he moved closer into his field of view and asked again.  “You planning on playing the strong silent type again today?”  The mop headed stranger’s eyes went wide while he spoke and he canted his head to the side.
Dean’s arms came up in a defensive posture again.  “What?”
“Fuck yeah,” he grinned and tossed his phone onto the dash.
“Ah, come on, Claire,” he pleaded, but followed the rebellious imp.  He hissed a bit as his feet hit the cold tile at the base of the kitchen steps. She already had the fridge door swung open.  “Claire,” he warned her reprovingly.
Cas rudely interrupted his salacious interlude by peeling the blanket back in search of discarded clothing.  “Well, let’s begin then.  Will we have time to make a supply run tomorrow?”
The agent ran his empty hand over his mouth as if to keep himself from shouting in frustration, but morbid curiosity would get the better of him once again.  How was any of this to be believed?  Screw military intelligence, this guy was a trickster of some sort.  His mind scoured for the realistic means or motivation for misleading him, but in his heart, he knew this “Castiel” wasn’t out to get him.  Where did he even come from?  “Fine, I’ll bite.  What sent you careening through the sky?  Did you get ejected from Heaven or something?”
“They wake you up, too?” he asked blankly.
===============
“After all what?” he asked canting his head slightly.
(See the end of the chapter for
That rumbling flummoxed him enough to cast a downward glance at the unlabeled pint glass.  “Thank you.”
Pale gold wheat curls bounced from one side to the next as she doglegged into the circular war room and up to the library.  “Hey there, Claire bear,” she greeted.
The older laptop sat out on the library table between neatly stacked piles of books and a half filled legal pad.  It was rare that one of the hunters weren’t researching, watching videos, or wasting time on it so Cas took the rare opportunity to solve for the myriad of solutions he needed.  All of the current problems before him were complicated further now that he was low on Grace and had to factor in fourteen to sixteen hours a day of recuperative slumber.  He could only push it off for another hour or so before his vessel would thrust it upon him unwillingly.
“We returned from that case in Raleigh a couple hours before I got your text about that smell at Rufus’s old cabin.  I didn’t tell Cas you would be out for a few days because I wanted to surprise him.  Over the last couple of weeks, we’d been on case after case: first that Wendigo in Cody, then the vamp commune in Bellwood.”
“Will Corndogs and Elephant ears taste any worse even if it’s just you, Jo, and the Mills?” she cajoled.  Her bare palms voiced the fanfare of good reason in a ta-da motion.
“Sorry, Jo.  No date tonight,” she teased.  Her face dropped recalling the plans ahead.
Her expression soured once more, “Before that happens, see that it’s burned.  Make your play, whatever it is, but ensure that no one can hold it as leverage over you.  I didn’t make any copies so if the Family finds it somehow, it won’t be through me.”
The first and second doors on the right mirrored this first, searching through them whittled away at the available time quickly.
Dean and Sam startled in their seats but kept keen eyes on him.
“Bring it on, just,” he sidestepped their role play in thought, “don’t run at me too fast.”
A sly smirk played over his lips.
Three little dots materialized and evaporated beside Dean’s circular avatar for a few moments then ceased.  He scrolled up to see no new correspondence since a handful of messages planning their steak dinner date.  He couldn’t blame him for not knowing what to say or how to act after waking up alone.  He felt like he was grasping at straws every time he took at stab at arranging his feelings in order of intensity and relevance.  His previous romantic instincts conformed to a pattern too dissimilar from what Dean responded to.  At first being with him was like learning a new language with someone else’s mouth.  Each syllable came out misshapen and wobbly, but more often than not he gave his true intent the benefit of the doubt.  The more time they spent together, it was as if he was learning this second language in tandem, sounding out the words in all the wrong ways just to make him more comfortable.  Eventually they conversed in their new dialect replete with allusions and metaphors for a tenderness they first sounded out together.  In the here and now though, they weren’t proficient enough in their first tongue to finish a single sentence.
per se.”
The thick air filtered out when Claire bounded into Jo’s arms.
“Jesus, Sam!” he yelled and ripped his hand away.  “Nearly bit my arm off.  There’re more of ‘em you know!”
Did Cas loose his sense of taste in the trip back?  Normally, he would heap at least one tablespoon of it into his cup then stir it with even satisfaction bounding about behind his eyes.  With the first sip, he huffed with satisfaction, swirling the drink around his mouth before swallowing it like an aged scotch.  The whole sight puzzled him, but exhaustion had a strange effect on people.  As a human, Cas was vocally appreciative of food and drink in general, lacking the pickiness of a human with years of palate testing under their belts.  As an angel with waning mojo, generously spiced food and sour beers held more pleasure for him beyond their individual components.  This bland of a libation without the flavor punch of honey shouldn’t have elicited any reaction at all; a grateful compliment for the effort involved, maybe.  This was gravely disconcerting.  Maybe he was overreacting.
“You okay?” he asked with wide eyed concern.
===============
He instinctively grabbed his coat and headed toward the parking complex.  “I’m on my way.  What’s wrong?”
Sam smirked, “Dean, I think if history has proven anything, it’s that I can’t make you do a damned thing you don’t want to.”
He hesitates for a moment then nods.
His fork pushed the food around in its container, but Sam didn’t eat right away.  During their first case together Davies divulged he had an acute sense of smell.  They sat in the same car for only a few seconds when he asked him if he had been to a morgue recently.  Earlier that morning, he spent a few minutes examining a fatal gunshot wound, but couldn’t remember touching anything aside from latex gloves that would emit a sterile odor.  Months later when he had the brunet sprawled out on his couch, seconds from breaking the tension between them with a soulful tender kiss, he second guessed what he had eaten earlier in the day in case it would drive him out of his arms.  However at his dining room table, Sam had no doubt Davies knew he had a beer wherever he was last.  He chose to be late.  He chose Mick second over whatever it was that kept him, so he had to be careful with how he rolled that out.  “Agent Hanscum cornered me in the parking garage this morning,” he skewered a chunk of meat on his fork and tried to appear at ease.
