Crossing his fingers for that last one.
There had to be some sort sin the billionaire had committed (and there had been countless) to disserve this kind of fate.  “Please baby its ok.” He tried just as Steve started to hiccup and curl around his stomach between them.  “Come on sugar, its fine I’m not mad. I don’t care if you want to have dinner in the tub.”
Steve hung his head and finally let the tears escape. His captors had left when the explosions started. “I’m sorry.. I’m so sorry, I never got to tell you. Never got to ask you.”
“It’s good to hear from you Captain. It has…been far too long.”
“Tony…there’s no underwear.”
The Winter Soldier had gotten away and Steve had taken a dive off the helicarrier and into the Potomac. Reports said Rogers had been shot multiple times before nearly drowning.  Tony didn’t even realize what he was doing, suiting up as fast as he could, would Steve even want to see him, or anyone. It didn’t matter of course because at that point Stark had a single objective, to get his ass there as soon as possible.
Steve dropped his head, chin resting on his chest as he looked down at himself. Running a hand over his stomach -still flat if a bit firmer to the touch.  How long would it stay that way? Would he even get to know?  Yet another facet of this whole mess that Steve didn’t want to think about. What if all of this was just temporary, what if the serum decided that this child was something that didn’t belong and purged it from him. How would he deal with that?
To know the sweetness of a lovers kiss and have it torn form you … to feel the aching in your chest that stays and refuses to kill you. That is horror unimaginable.
“Steve won’t do what?”
So maybe took out some of that aggression and hurt with wild parties and deviant behavior. It wasn’t like he was hurting anyone other than himself, or so he thought.
of my bowels...
This was the end game, the all or nothing play that would bring a century’s old foe to its knees. There was going to be collateral damage.
“Jane and Thor I think took her to your mom for now.” Bruce thought that if Loki was concerned about his pet or even missed the animal that was a good sign. “I'm sure once you're feeling better you we could arrange something. Maybe you and James could even go for a visit.”
Steve had followed a few strays and disposed of them before they could do anymore damage. This had led him to the far eastern point of the park. Walking back would take a while but Steve didn’t mind, it would give him time to collect himself before heading back to the tower to unwind. He was sure he’d perk up eventually.
“No… Wendy sit down. Peter stop, Will you two…”
Loki had waited this long to let go, casting wards around the house that he'd been working on for weeks to dampen the connection to his alpha. As underhanded as that was, Loki needed this and yet still he couldn't. His cursed pride or fear or whatever it was, could not falter.
Steve scrubbed his hands over his face. “What do you mean Preservation and the ‘former’ Mr. Stark? Where Tony now?”
"Loki.." Don't look, he wants you to look. Little minx is just gunning for you to let your eyes linger too long. Don't lose it now Stark.
It was Steve’s turn to blush, “yes.”
“That was impressive, boy will have helluva knot on his head when he wakes up.” Steve comments leaning down to check over the unconscious soldiers, pocketing the magazines from their weapons.
James Barnes was not the kind of man who slept in late and he never had been.
“Calm yourself Darcy.” Loki said stroking back his motionless childs’s hair. “Anthony, can you hear me? Open your eyes for me if you can dear. Come back to me sweet one.”
Tony stood in the cold November wind, tugging his jacket tighter around his frame. He needed to do this, should have done this sooner if he was being honest with himself.  Now he stood here in this quiet cold place and wasn’t sure were to begin.
“The records that SHIELD has were already altered by your father. No one knew the truth but those involved with the project, of which I am the last one still alive.” Rockwell looked down a moment, his eyes half closed as he considered his own mortality. He had come here with one reason. One hope.
A second happy side effect was that more people were coming around to Tony and Steve’s relationship, the idea that a love so strong could bring two people back together across miles and circumstance. It did not seem to matter that they were both men, the outpouring of support was something to behold.
“Aww.. Sugar buns” he says kissing my cheeks…lord I’m crying now.
“No, but…never mind. Look, I appreciate your concern - both of you, I really do but I just think maybe this was a one time thing and …well I will just have to get over it.”
Unfortunately Steve was set on teaching him about ‘the good old days’ which lead to them staying in this horrible little cabin with a washer that looked older than Tony that was  …of all places on the front porch.
If only it were that easy to forget.
Steve wanted to say no, he thought about saying it when this started hours ago. He didn’t even know when Tony had come to bed, the last he saw of the alpha- Tony was covered in grease and half tangled in wires. The more he thought about it or.. Tried to, Steve vaguely remembers Tony had said something about improvements to the quinjet and he just shook his head and left the engineer to the mess of parts. Evidently, Tony must have finished up and been extremely proud of himself, and an over confident Stark meant an amorous one. Call it Tony’s ‘personal celebration’  that began around 6 that morning when Steve had woken to soft nibbling over the back of his neck and hands roaming over his chest.  Before he could say, anything Tony was doing something sinful to his earlobe - the ultimate attack against Steve Rogers.
Even Tony could tell how worried his AI was, “Don’t worry J, daddies home and I’ll get Steve all squared away.”  It may have seemed odd to many that the inventor would comfort his creation, but Jarvis was a lot more than just a few lines of code. Despite what anyone had said, Tony honestly believed his AI could learn and express just like a flesh and blood person. Jarvis was family.
Vengeance chest pulse glowed a fierce red, “You really want to find out?”
Hank smiled and waved the avenger over to a table. “Pull up a chair Dr. Banner.”
In addition, to those of you who read “Glorious Purpose” this is not in connection with that story. However, I hope you all love this one just as much!
“This has to stop.” Clint said throwing a magazine down on the coffee table. The glossy cover featuring ‘Iron Vengeance’   The archer ran a hand back through his hair, “he looks like a fucking zombie and I can’t even tell what side he’s on anymore.”
“Love how you manage to compliment yourself.”
Rapid flashes of images appeared in the visors lower left, including that of Tony himself walking down the roof access stairwell until two images lit up on split-screens.
“We have to stop… we can’t .” Steve would pant, becoming nearly breathless under the gentle affection.
Steve pulled the little one into his lap, he knew soon she’d be to big for this…not that it would stop him. “Well, you remember when we took you and Pete to see Doctor Simmons, and she said that you were an Alpha and Peter was an Omega?
“Yeah…I’m hungry too.” Steve groaned, he didn’t even care knowing what a mess the alpha had made of him. “n’sleepy.”
“Damn it…” Tony snapped the journal shut and lay back on the small bed covering his eyes. “What do I do now?”
The Captain liked to think he was a patient man, but after a few hours of having his favorite sight dangled in front of him - he wasn't quiet as well behaved.
Pepper commented idly on Steve's  visit with the pups.  Pointing out the adorable little pictures already framed and sitting on the bedside table. “Their both getting so big, it seemed like yesterday they were little babbling babies.” she said rubbing her stomach. I guess we will know all about that soon.”
I felt love start to grow the moment I looked into my plate,
Had work his fingers to the bone just to get a single smile. All because of words.
Everything seemed to explode in slow motion; it was like a nightmare unfolding into the brilliant color of the wakening world. The sea pressure shifted and silt smog rolled up from the ancient depths. Once crystal blue waters hazed in the muddy clouds rolling over the lips of the trenches as the creature came upon the kingdom of Asgard.
While making her way around, Natasha notices a female mer with what looks like an injured male of their species on her arm. This wouldn’t have drawn her attention except for one very noticeable feature. The young man’s chest…was glowing.
“If I may suggest, it appears that there has been an addition to the Vargas menu. A Tuscan Chicken Pizza. Perhaps you would like to try that to see if poultry might be acceptable to your sensitive olfactory.”
Meanwhile, Steve was taking a moment to say goodbye to Bucky.
He had to believe in that.
“No Tony, no you’re going to listen even if the truth hurts. I am leaving your son with you tonight because he needs his father, and you are going to sober the hell up and take him to the park and spend time with him tomorrow instead of hiding away in that damn lab or going off slaughtering people and trying to get yourself killed!”
“My boy knows good pancakes.” the billionaire commented, not surprised at all when Peter scooted his chair closer to him. “Blue berry for life” holding out a fist to be bumped by a smaller one.
"tell my love to wreck it all , cut out all the ropes and let me fall" - Skinny Love, (Birdy) *Written by Bon Iver*
James cannot help but worry, he does his best to be there every moment. Brushing his lover’s hair in the morning and trying to coax what little food Loki is willing to accept. In the days when all Loki wished to do was curl up in bed- James was there too, curling protectively around those long slender limbs. The alpha did everything he could to pour out as much love onto the broken doll his omega had become. Early mornings spent whispering sweet words and evenings bathing the once prince when the other man could not bear to move a finger.
“Shhh… its ok champ, you’re ok.” The father said offering a finger to the infant to clutch in his tiny fist. The grip was strong despite the baby’s weak constitution. “You’re a fighter right Anthony, just like your mama. We’re gonna get you better and when we come home me, you, Jarvis and aunt’s Peggy and Angie- we’re gonna have a party for you just like your mother wanted to. You’re gonna grow up and one day you’re gonna be so smart.” Howard felt the lump in his throat as he spoke. Hoping against the odds that Tony would grow up, because he couldn’t lose someone else.
When they returned from the tower Steve needed to go chop wood and do other manly things. Loki, wasn’t that upset, and decided to in fact eat the ice cream and watch TV with Pepper. She loved Ally Mcbeal. Thor, well he was completely horrified and immediately called Jane to ask if she was ok. The idea of someone so fragile bleeding from an intimate area for days on end - seemed like horrible suffering.
“I’m asking you to, for me.”
Steve rubs the side of his neck absentmindedly feeling the warm smooth skin. The only scar his body hadn't rejected had been his bonding scar and now. Now it was gone.
Phil handed over the bottle with a little shake to prompt Loki to take it. “ I know I haven't voiced it before but... I don't blame you. If you recall I think I might have even known then that you didn't want to do what you were doing.”
“Stark…say somethin' you're freakin' me out.”
Outside, the Alpha was checking his watch once again as he tried not to glare at the closed door.
“I think it is a nice gesture Sir, historically white was an appropriate color for a courting bouquet. Would you like that in roses?”
Of course, it was never that easy was it.
Maybe it would be okay then; maybe James would be like Logan and not care. They could find a child without a place to call home and Loki could give that child a home, he would give them all the honesty that he never had. He would tell them he loved them even if they were not blood of his blood. Even though they wouldn't have James' eyes, or that sly little smile. He would never lie to them.
And there he was, Phillip Coulson stepping off the elevator and greeting the group of enthusiastic children. This wasn't even the first time Loki had seen the man so he wasn't sure why his mouth went dry and skin shivered. Yet seeing the agent around the tower in his civilian clothes or playing with the children was different.
Soon his past would come back to haunt him, winter…would bring an especially cold wind.
“You think Loki is lying to protect his Alpha.” It was more of a statement rather than a question.
“Mm, there he is.” James winked wolfish. “Ya know, if we didn't have somewhere to be.” The alpha started, hands settling on Loki's hips, “I'd be tempted to keep you in bed all day.”
“Darling...please refrain from..” Too late, the omega took a huge bite and was now moaning louder than Loki had ever successfully been able pull from him. Really, he was a tiny bit offended. What did that greasy fatty monstrosity have that he didn't? Well there was bacon...and bacon was amazing.
“What happens when he starts leveling back toward an omega spectrum?” Tony asked, heading headlong into the elephant in the room.
The creature struck back, flinging its thick body around and destroying the columns of the palace, sending bits of the structure raining down.
To bad no one told him that every room in the tower was under constant surveillance and Tony Stark was just itching for some pay back for that whole 'throwing out the window thing". And catching the fallen prince of Asgard singing Disney show tunes was just the ticket.
Darcy swam around frantically pulling different bottles down form the shelf. “I don’t know what any of this stuff does!” she whined holding up one of the shining bottles trying to figure out what the strange little plant was floating in the concoction.
His fair Jane blushed and snatched the little item from his hand. “Their um…used to stop bleeding in….areas….Anyway are you ready to go?”
"I could say the same thing to you but we both know it wouldn't matter."
That's all I had
Maybe it was the lack of sleep, maybe his conscious had been niggling in the back of his mind but Fury lost it. He pushed her and that was a mistake. Natasha was agile and swift, avoiding the wide blows easily. Fury wasn’t stupid enough to pull his gun on her.
There was a slight twitch in the inventors brow. He'd seen loki's file and today was...Risking a glance to his watch he knew the kid was right. "So what, you think cause you aren't in the bait menu I'll just jump at the chance? "
However, sometimes he did not love those hormones.
She shook her head and wiped at the tears he hadn't felt till her slim fingers brushed them from his cheeks. "He's gone honey, I sorry I wish I could tell you something else, anything else. But I can't, you know we're here, all of us. You're gunna get through this."
Barnes really wished this was a joke, or an over exaggeration that Loki was so prone too, but there was something in the ravenettes voice that said he was telling the honest truth. An edge of desperation that colored his words that sent a chill down the alphas spine. Loki wouldn't actually cause mass destruction with out him...but he wouldn't survive it either. “Baby, listen to me okay. I will always do my best to come home to you. Even if ...I don't want to jinx it but you know – Even if, you got so many people who will be here for you. You ain't alone anymore doll.” He caressed one of those sharp cheekbones with as much tenderness as he could pour into a simple touch. “I gatta go now sweetheart.”
“Still.”Stark said, finally dislodging himself from his husband. “Better not tempt fate.”
The  close quarters made it difficult, all Steve could do was shelter behind his shield and try to push the solider higher up the stairwell. “Bucky.. you know me! I know you do! If you didn’t remember you wouldn’t have pulled me out of that water!” He shouted over the clang of the blade hitting metal.
He thought, watching his fellow instructor pack up papers for the day and tidy up his class with the wave of a hand.
“I’ve got you doll, don’t you worry that pretty little head.” Oh and there he was sliding inside going all the way until there flesh was flush together. “God it looks so pretty sweetheart, seeing how full you are.”
Response to the breech attack was instantaneous. Hydra LMDs (and a few human agents) rushed out like an angry swarm. Gunfire rang out across the warehouse lot as the black uniformed men rushed out to try to hold back the siege.
Keep it short, maybe even for a thick mortal she can tell she's not welcome.
"It's.... it's about Steve." Pepper choked on the words before taking a breath, smoothing her sweaty palms down her skirt. "I got a call, Ms. Hill thought it would be best..."
“Tony, we aren't bonded anymore…don't you get that? I'm so happy you're here I am but, it's like I don't even know you.”
The omegas’ secondary sex was as expected - underdeveloped. Still the sight of the dual arousal was maddening, Steve’s cock was flushed  and hanging heavy over the soft bedding. Just behind his tightly draw smaller testicles that normal shrouded the omegas folds. Those were what drew the Alphas gaze - so ruddy with heat and shiny with slick. Tony trailed his thumb over the small slit dipping in just enough to feel Steven shudder and arch. “So tight honey, don’t worry I’m gonna take good care of you.  Even if we can’t I swear I’ll make you feel good ok Steve?”
Pepper moaned happily biting into the apple treat. “This is it. I love you Steve. Sorry Bruce honey you and Nat have to go, Steve and his food can stay.”
“No!” He shouted suddenly laughing up from his seat. “No! You don’t tell me what’s real and what’s not! You weren’t there, you didn’t see!”
Once inside and alone Tony stood a few passes away and waited for Steve to take off his boots and shield harness. These were important facets of who the man was and Steve needed to shed this constructs before he could let everything go.
Steve had never told anyone that part, not even Tony.
Tony frowned and tossed his phone to the motel bed, “And let you and Sammykins have all the fun on this little three hour tour?”
You could sum up Anthony Lokison in two words - Willful Disobedience.
“Ja, I think so, a full day for us both then.” Kurt laughed as they headed toward there respective classrooms. “I shall see you at lunch hour, do not forget again Loki. You are much too thin.”
“Not good,” She says shaking her head. For once, Natasha does not seem like her normally put together self. She seems tired and a little older. “Tony is still holding up in his workshop; don’t even think he’s seen the kids. Jarvis doesn’t even have access to him anymore and Steve…well. He says he’s fine ya know, keeps his head up but I can tell. He isn’t okay. There’s nothing any of us can say. I’ve tried but Stark…the stubborn ass won’t let me in. Someone needs to knock some sense into him before this thing spirals out of control.”
“Yep.”
Barnes shrugged his shoulders and poured a mug full, “Same, as always, he's a little testy about some things at school I think. Perfectionist ya know, wants those kids to be little geniuses I think.” The alpha laughed and poured himself another cup before sitting down. “He likes it though.”
Other days he would just sit on the bed staring out at the alley way between the tenement buildings, occasionally one of the tom cats would climb the fire escape and he would pet the wayward creature, they didn’t have milk most days but he would offer the felines water on the hot summer days. Wishing he could be outside like other boys his age, unfortunately his health prevented him from doing much aside from the fanciful lines gleaned  from his pencil.
“No way dorogoy, you’re plenty able.” Natasha purred walking out of the bedroom giving Barnes a wink.
“From what we've gathered from inbound Intel,” Fury began as images flashed in secession across the screens behind him. Aerial shots of an abandoned factory outside of a rural town. The images shift and change as they cycle through black and whites of a white van pulling up to an old rusted chain link fence. A following picture shows two men cutting the heavy chain binding the gate closed.
Sitting back staring at the blank ceiling he wanted to scream, punch holes in walls and do anything and everything to get out here and stop this. “I should have known, I should have seen it coming.”
Yet nothing seemed to help. Sure, Loki was not spending his days under covers shrouding him safely away from the world, but he still managed to separate himself. Maybe he had been doing that for a while now. With his sharp tongue and worries. Now that James really sits there with this knowledge, he can see the last year in such painful clarity.
Steve found himself waking up again, feeling heavy and warm. It wasn’t like before; he didn’t feel sick or worried - if anything, he felt content. Looking around the soldier realized where he was and felt heat rising in his cheeks. The nesting room was comfortable, not to hot or to cold. With plush memory foam under him and various blankets and pillows with-in arms reach. A plush slate grey blanket caught his eye.
Loneliness is bitter. No one ever said that wasn't. Banner supposes that even his creature must feel the same. He knows the hulk is a danger, despite the good the other has attributed to. There is always destruction in his wake.
Barnes help the phone away, quickly transferring it to his human hand less he crush the device completely . He takes a breath and tells himself its not worth the fight. Loki is bating him and he will not rise to it- not now! He‘d deal with this when he got home…if he came home. That last bit was really why he called. This mission was different and there was a high likely hood they wouldn‘t come through this unscathed. “I just want to protect you, that’s why I do this. That‘s why I do all of this, sweetheart. I want us to live in a world that is safe.”
How often had Steve done that? He wondered, watching the reflection of changing shape and color flash across the captain’s distant eyes. In addition, there was something else, maybe more than just the current situation. Something happened on that mission that changed things and Tony could feel it. Not that he wanted to touch that Pandora’s Box with a 1000-foot pole. Stark knew a thing or two about having someone you used to trust try and kill you.
Steve found himself looking in the mirror as he had all those years ago, a critical eye running over the lines of his naked form.  He was by all standards the picture of physical perfection. Everything the formula was supposed to do it had done.  Running a palm over his stomach and up his chest Steve knew in his heart this had to be why Tony hadn’t stayed.
According to Bruce, they would know more toward the end of the year if Steve’s levels dropped naturally or not. He seemed to think they would, “Now that the serum recognizes this as a natural occurrence I doubt you’ll have a problem for the next one. If you do we know how to address it now.” the doctor had said.
"Bucky take the wheel!
and it would be like those sitcoms where the dad cheers and passes out cigars and then they would go home and sleep in twin beds before saying goodnight to everyone in tower and of course they would say it back.
Having to see a healer of any variety had never been Loki's favorite activity. Not that most would claim it is; he had a deep-rooted dislike for them. Having learned from a young age that nothing good ever came from having to speak to a healer. Countless days spent in bed as the other children played in the Asgardian summer heat, all while Loki sweltered under thin sheets. His mother always looked so worried during his various childhood illnesses. Somewhere in the back of his mind Loki pondered what he would have done in her position. What if he and James did manage to have a child, and they turned out to be weak? He would love them of course, but worry for them endlessly. How had she been strong enough to behold a child she loved to suffer so?
Tony knew the risk, but he took it anyway.
“Damn right I did!” Tony clapped his hands and looked around, “alright, so send up some food I’m thinking continental breakfast, have it left in the hall and let me know when it gets here.”
“Shouldn’t there be more guards?”
The little prince looked back and felt his heart stutter, a horned snout with a massive row of teeth reared its head from the darkness. “OH SHIT!”
“James, good to see you.” The older man offered his hand. “I thought I would stop by for a visit, is Loki free by any chance?”
When Thor found the box of strange cotton like bullets guarded with plastic sheaths in Jane’s bathroom, he had inquired as to their use.
Steve followed the sounds of giggling and found the little ones curled up on either side of the gingers stomach listening intently. Bruce sat on the other side of Wendy and waved at Steve as he entered. The beta was quick to stand up and offer a hand with the baked goods – cookies and pies.
Numbers, of course Tony would look at it that way because numbers were easy and could be manipulated. Steve just wanted to tell him to be quiet, to stop acting like this was something the alpha could plug into one of his fancy gadgets and come up with some solution to fix everything.  Some things just are the way they are, like when his mother died. She worked with the sick and had been lucky for a while. Then she caught the bug and just couldn’t shake it. Just the way it was.
Steve looked to the sky and watched in horror as an RPG, clipped the suit.  Tony spun out and bounces off the ground "yeah, good idea Capsicle" said the billionaire as he stood up trying to shake off the disorientation.
She was right of course, the twin were immediately engrossed in their own ice cream and quieted down. Loki was already internally cringing at the sticky mess on both children’s faces. At least it wasn’t on their clothes yet.
She even took Pepper up here once to visit a little roadside vintage shop. Pepper had found a pair of old earrings; they weren't the most expensive thing, just a little pair of art deco baubles from the 20's. The old woman at the desk had smiled when she saw the omega admiring them. Apparently, the jewelry had a colorful past, belonging to a woman who had never taken no for an answer. The story had been well worth the 30 dollar price tag for old costume jewelry. Sure, it hadn't been diamonds and the gold probably wasn't even genuine. Even so, Natasha had never seen anything as stunning as the way the colored glass caught the light and sparkled against the other woman's skin.
She twists the knob and finds the door opens easily, a few feet into the dark office and it looks in disrepair. An old desk and filing cabinets overflowing with yellowed paperwork. Broken glass litters the floor, both from windows and beer bottles. The impression that perhaps some teenagers are the culprits for any recent entry is magnified by crude graffiti on the walls.
“Babe…you ok in there?” Tony stood outside the bathroom door, his nerves had been on edge since noticing Steve had gotten up from the bed over an hour ago and disappeared. Normally, he would not have even registered the movement as when Tony did sleep - he slept like the dead, but since his omega had been suffering from Braxton Hicks for the last few weeks - he had Jarvis on notice to wake him up anytime Steve seemed to be in distress.
“Give up, sparky. I hear they have good pudding in prison. Three hots and cot don't sound appealing to you?” Stark chuckled looking at the bleeding remnant of a man struggling to stand. “Stay down Mallen. You get up again and I'll put you down for good.”
He may not be a stickler for these sorts of things, any aspiration for being the strict type had undoubtedly been beaten out of him before he was even old enough to vote. Not metaphorically speaking.
“Mutant children? Huh..”James sat back running his human hand over his stomach where the delicious stew had begun to settle.“Yeah, I mean I guess that would be true. So um..does this mean you want to...stop trying for a baby?”
“Here, it will help.” Bruce said kindly taking a seat next to Pepper.
“Never you darling.”
“Breakfast of champions..”
Tony wasted no time in claiming his lips, speaking soft words and gently touching every inch that wasn’t covered in bandages. “I was looking.. The whole time Steve, I want you to know that. I would have never stopped, I will never stop.
Tony rubbed his forehead, he was getting to old for this shit, “Only what, did you not work out that whole exploding kink? Do I need to worry about Molotov Assassins going off like roman candles?”
“Alright, I’ll try and get some shut eye …just; if you talk to Tony could you not make it sound like I’m helpless here? He doesn’t need that kind of distraction out in the field.” Steve pleaded. The last thing he wanted was for Tony to be too worried about what was going on at home and lose focus. The moment you lost focus was a moment the enemy could use to kill you.
Steve had to admit this quinjet was very nice, maybe even too nice. Did they really need massage seats? It seemed a little much but he didn’t say anything. So what if maybe he indulged just a little and turned on the warm rolling vibration of the leather seat. He did get shot and almost drowned - he deserved this.
Such a close blast should have reduced Mallen to a heap, what it did was take off the monsters arm and had the former anarchist turning with an almost serene look on his mangled face.
The laugh would be cut short by Coulson lighting fast blow to the back of the young man’s head. The other solider could barely react as the agent pulled the pistol from the fallen officer’s belt before the boy even hit the floor. The butt of the revolver glanced off the second solder’s temple sending the young man clattering back against the wall.
Far from the joy, there was nothing but hate and malice. The vengeance of a mind gone mad. “Precious king of Asgard, the golden son who shuns me…me and my power and my control. Who is she but an empty-headed child, you toss me to the side for a slight against that foolish unworthy bastard you call brother… I will make you pay. I will make you all pay” Amora grit her teeth and stared into the glowing stone in her palms that reflected a view of the kingdom that shunned her so many years ago. She watches and curses every smile on their faces, every happy word that falls from their lips.
“Aww, did Nicky not give you hugs growing up?”  The jabs about the villain’s blood relation to Nick Fury served to throw off Scorpios focus.
Sam whistled as he planted his palm down the side of the underwater craft. “Kinda small but fancy, I’m going to have fun driving this baby.”
The Furulve let out an annoyed snort prowling out of the sitting room, flicking her barbed tail at one of the pillows in retaliation. Loki scowled at the tantrum and the fact that now there were down feathers scattered on the floor. Waving his hand the mess cleaned it self and the pillow vanished to the laundry room to be mended later. James wouldn't be happy about that, Duchess would definitely find herself on the wrong end of a lecture and likely loose one of her prized play things for behaving so poorly.
Natasha walked over and wrapped her arms around the beta's middle pressing her face between his shoulder blades. “You're a good man Bruce. Don't ever doubt that.”
Then the fog would lift and banish the daydream to dust. This wasn’t like those days, and Steve was gone. This armor was black like the clouds of smoke that rose from the fiery destruction Vengenful had caused.
Amora was furious, having been jilted by her two best chances at power. That did not mean she had lost completely, Odin had one more son.
However, just after his 21st birthday Tony finally realized what he was afraid of.
Blue eyes crinkled pleasantly at him in the mirror. “Bruce says it's too early to tell, a few more weeks at least.” It wasn't hard to see how much Steve wanted this, but also how alone he was feeling.
"Loki..." Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose. "We didn't know what we did now. You could have died horribly trying to help us."
“I do my love.” The lies Loki told himself were the cruelest of all.
“Loki, you are not the man who did all those terrible things.” Steve took Loki's hands between his own.  “My Ma, she went to Mass every week and took me along with her. If there's one thing I learned it's this.  '
Tony immediately caved; He’d never seen Peter so needy and upset. It didn’t take a genius to see the budding abandonment issues the child was already suffering and that broke Tony. Because Stark knew what that was, like to miss your father and need him there only to be left behind. “I’m sorry too baby.” He said wrapping his arms around the little boy. “I’m sorry too.”
“Mind your manners pint size,” Barnes said tugging on Wendy's ear gently.
Tony jumped when he thought he saw a rat scurry along the baseboard. All the while Loki simple lit an oil lamp and collapse into one of the less worn old settees.
Of course after a few years Steve got doe eyes looking at fathers and there little kiddes at the park during his morning runs and Tony couldn't say no to that dopey look Cap had. Next thing you know they are knee deep in diapers, duplo blocks and onsies.  It wasn't all bad, actually Tony had to admit that watching Peter grow up was pretty great. From first words and first steps to first day of school the billionaire had set out on a mission to be a better man than his father had been.
These boys certainly knew what they were doing then.
“Just go home Stark.” Steve said, and he sounded so angry already.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then I’ll deal with it.” Rogers tone was clipped, not that he was meaning to be short with Bruce. He just hadn’t slept more than an few hours in the last two days.
Steve looked a mess, his cheeks already flushed and he pressed against the slighter man. “You wore them on purpose didn’t you?”
“That’s if we find anything.” Steve said, looking up from his sketchbook. “If these creatures have managed to escape capture for …who knows how long. What makes Stark think we can find them, not only one but a colony?” Honestly Steve didn't want to find them, he had enough killing in the war to last a hundred lifetimes.
AN: So it seemed things were leaning to super family, however I’m not 100% ruling anything out. Therefore, I guess I’ll surprise you guys. Regardless of the outcome, please don’t be nasty if you didn’t get what you wanted. I can only write what I feel at the time and how this story unfolds is really dependent on how I feel .  So remember to be kind and enjoy.
Bruce had to…excuse himself because the other guy. Well, hulk wanted to smash in a whole other kind of sense.
He still had not told them anything.
“This is nice, babe.” James said walking into the modern kitchen, it had been so long since he'd seen Loki humming to himself while stirring a pot of hearty stew. It was some earth version of an Asgardian dish, chocked full of meats and vegetables. There something so beautifully domestic about the scene that it gladdened his heart. It felt like an age had passed since they had been like this, this cozy feeling as he saddled up to his mates back and gently wrapped his arms around the ravenettes slender waist. “Miss this.” He said punctuating his words with a kiss to the nobles elongated pallid neck.
Loki just stared at him with such a shattered look before closing his eyes. The omega had felt betrayed being treated against his will, on some level he knew it would happen this way. James wasn't one to give up, even u p on lost causes. It was almost sweet to know the alpha was still willing to fight for him. Given all that James had seen, all that he knew was broken about him...yet still. Here he was stroking his hair and speaking so softly as if Loki really mattered. God how he wanted to matter. “ James...” His voice was a withered broken thing that compounded his shame.
His mother perfume was all gone now, replaced with the faint odor of axel grease and Hugo Boss cologne.  He smiled where Steve unconsciously pulled the faded orange fabric under his chin.
Tony hadn't realized the cracks in his words or the tears that came until large warm hands wrapped around his back. “Tony, I know. I felt you go and it nearly broke me. Then seeing you but ...not. This is you, for days this is the first time it's been you. I've missed you so much do you know that? I couldn't bare the thought of losing you all over again, waking up here everyday and seeing you – but not the real you was like torture.”
“No, you’re not ruined. You’re just a lil heartsick, bit I’m right here and I promise we’re gonna make it.” James’s voice cracked as he pressed a kiss to Loki’s neck, nuzzling above the omegas bond mark. “We’re gonna make it.”
“Yeah that’s gonna be a no, J unlock the door.”
The last three days felt like a blur, okay maybe it was more like one of those cliche 80's sitcom montages. Or at least that's how it felt to Bruce after spending the last 72 hours ( give or take, they had naps and potty breaks thank you, they were not heathens like Tony) reading over tomes from Asgard. Comparing them to the few scans they had of Loki's anatomy and what Bruce had gleaned from the few exams the off world Omega had allowed. Bruce hadn't studied this hard since grad school, in a way the nostalgia of the situation almost made the Beta smile.
“Babe, you are not your parents. Any kid of ours will know without a doubt how much we love them. No matter where they come from or who their parents are.”
A lipless toothy grin stretched across crimson skin. “It is good to be back.”
For a time, the raven-haired prince entertained the notion that perhaps Amora had found a dead child and somehow necromancer them back to life using the gem as life conduit. He checked the little mer pup over daily for signs of decay, there was none. If anything the little one was flourishing. Anthony grew stronger every day and it hurt Loki even more. All of the baby’s gummy little smiles and reaching hands…they were a trick. To know that Amora never loved him, he was only a tool to get to Thor. To know that this child would never really be anything to him than a reminder of that false love.
“What does that have to do with anything…” Steve muttered.
“It’s not…” Tony flinched and placed a hand over the center of his chest. Despite the burning that felt as though it was cracking his rips the metal felt ice cold. “Dad…something’s…. I don‘t feel right.”
“t’horse?” The little one motioned, of course, Sleipnir was much larger than the tiny sea horses his grandmother showed him, but he seemed like one maybe. “T’horse papa?”
“Hey Cap, why don’t you let someone wrap that up ok? We still need to figure out living situations so there’s no need to go on a walk about just yet.”  She said placing a hand in the middle of the man’s chest, looking to Steve’s bleeding hand where the IV had been.
In the cold hard light of day when that express shipping kicked in and Clint unwrapped that FedEx box with all the gusto of a kid on Christmas morning. Maybe he realized this was a stupid purchase. He wasn’t going to admit it though.  The Gazelle in the corner and the full set of snacky cups would not allow it. Oh hell no, he was going to use this things and show everyone.
Steve sat with his head in his hands. Still processing everything he had seen, the man he once loved so consumed with hate and rage. He knew how this would end for Tony, how it ended for any man who feel that far. This would be the one thing that could destroy Tony Stark.
Things in the Barnes home had not been fairing well either.
After caring for the outside creatures, Steve would head in to do some cleaning and hopefully find a few scraps of bread and cheeses. He was in luck today and wrapped his spoils in a cloth before climbing the stairs to the attic.
Steve slipped on his training uniform, a soft smile on his face as he thought of how blessed his life in the 21st century was. Still, he knew the world wasn't always a beautiful or safe place. People still needed heroes and organizations like Shield to ensure the safety of the next generation. The world at large was ever changing and expanding as the human race advanced in leaps and bound. Things were so much better today than they had been in when he was growing up.
Shorter chapter, The rose colors/attributes/numbers  have meaning but not tellin :P i think its more fun to let my readers research if they want to. Learning is fun kids!
By the time Jarvis was able to track down and have a viable copy of any of Steve’s records - which involved sending Tony down to pick up paper copies from some dank basement in a teaching hospital all the way across town  (He was not pleased). Bruce was amazed Steve was capable of even walking into a recruitment office let alone making it through the initial training at Camp Leigh before receiving the serum.
The cold bit at his cheeks and stung his damp eyes. “Fifteen hundred miles, I went that far to see you when I heard about the accident. All night long on a plane trying to get there because I thought…” He swallowed down a sob; he had to say these things even if no one was listening. “I thought you might want to see me, that if I could make it… that maybe one time it would be different. It wasn’t though, I didn’t even get to say goodbye. I didn’t even know what the nurses where saying… did you even ask for me?”
The Ai was in no way convinced already relaying the pertinent information to Doctor Banners Starkpad, Bruce already changing and heading to the elevator on his own floor.  “Doctor Banner is on his way Captain.”
“I will tell father you died with honor.” The words hurt coming out because Thor knew it would not really matter. Odin had already turned his back on Loki. Still he held the man he once called brother, still looked into those sea green eyes as they turned glassy and gray. He looked so much as he did all those years ago, eyes bright with unshed tears - staring up at him in that small voice asking ‘am I brave now brother?’
“You won’t believe me but…there something up there in the water, and it’s big!”
The command coming from Tony was easy enough, stretching out his throat with the welcomed weight of the alphas palm shifting from his forehead over his eyes. The darkness and warm if the familiar hand seemed to tether him in the moment.
As the palace rocked with the first collision, the screams came …the sounds of bodies being gnashed and broken by mighty jaws. The clap of those jaws reverberating through the halls as the royal guard assembled and tried valiantly to push back the throng from the rampaging creature outside. It felt like such a vain effort, as their forces were tosses about the sea by the chaos-filled creature.
Damn...Johnathan is kinda salty.
“J has the pack all reported back?”
Steve could see the wheels of guilt turning and reached over for Tony’s hand. Giving the inventor, much needed support in the moment of darkness. This was just the first day and they would get through it together.
( Sometimes he had ideas come to him while he was away and would save quick notes on the plane to review when he was home. It was best to get these ideas out fresh because the way Tony's mind worked he was liable to end up filing them away in his –“miscellaneous shit folder”. This was a real folder that Jarvis loathed backlogging because if his master ever does decide to tackle it, it will take no less than 23 years, 7 months, 11 days, 21 hours, 4mins, and 19 seconds. The AI could break it down the millisecond but that would be rubbing it in.)
“I don’t know, I think a little bit maybe.” The inventor replied slicking a stripe up the omegas ribs as he nudged his cock at the blonds entrance. “ Never been so quick before. Shows what you do to me, I want in you now Sugar, let me in ?” The alpha was well on his way to sinking in with out permission if he couldn’t hold it together. That sweet breed smell of his aroused omega was just too much.
“There all my rooms’ birdbrain.” Tony says, he’s not moving though. If anything, he’s getting closer and I can smell him now. Is he. Posturing right now?
Loki was shifting into fighting form now and shouting down the line. “Oh yes! The savage frost giant! The murderer of the nine realms! Such a horrid bitch I make! “
Avengers Tower, Tony wanted them all there. Bruce was actually already there and had his own floor just above the Labs and Tony’s workshop. Between that and the common floor there were four vacant floors, above were three more and then of course the Penthouse.
They had a tradition in the Barton household, that on every mission Clint would call home at least one night to check in with Lara and say goodnight to the kids.
Tony Stark became even more the man his father was the day  he stood on that platform outside Stark Tower and suited up in the Mark IV  for the first time, the culmination of all his work to perfect the suit. He was a man who did not need anyone but the machines he created. A man who was going to show everyone that he could save the world in his own way. His father had done it by arming the military, by being Americas most loved mass-murderer. Howard lived on the philosophy of being the man who created the ‘bigger stick’.
“I’ll have you know I have mellowed out a lot. Plus I was kind of planning to ask you bunch of losers to come join the party on a permanent basis anyway. I mean having Bruce there is a bonus, and Thunderella crashes there on occasion. I always did like frat parties, we can all wear togas on Friday nights, eat pizza and get shit faced. First one unconscious gets dicks drawn on their face.”
“I shall keep a vigilant eye on the Captain. Doctor Banner.” The Ai replied.
The omega didn't comment either way on the name. Her ears only picked up on the clinking of cups and shuffle from the pantry.
"Yes daddy."
“Sir, I believe it would behoove of you to leave Captain Rogers’s presence effective immediately.”
Loki glowered and snatched his son by the ear. “Sharks? Really? I had to hear from a guard that my son and his friends were out tempting brutish creatures that could very well kill or maim any one of them. Do you think these games gain you favor in the court? That the girls will coo over your antics and shows of courage?”
Still, things seemed to be going well enough (which if you’re Tony ‘well enough’ is a relationship milestone). Neither of them had given a name to what they had, it wasn’t necessarily -courting, in the traditional sense. It was more of a trail run, or as Tony might say a ‘testing stage’.
Of course, when he looked Steve was right, as he brought in the breakfast cart one of the delicate bone chine cups lay shattered on the floor. Tea already seeping into the rug. He would have to scrub it before it set, so much for having a warm breakfast for himself.
“Hey…Dum-e...what are you doin? Hey!” Tony snaps his fingers at one of his errant robotic children.  “Clean this mess up make yourself useful.  It's not too late to turn you into a diaper bot, remember that.” Threatening the broom swinging bot might look childish but it speaking directly to Dum-e made the bot happy, if it could be happy. Tony likes to think so.
Tony smirked and leaned into the door, breathing deeply to catch that barely there cloying sweetness slithering through the door jam. Ok whatever, he could care less what Steve was doing in there right now because his pants just got tighter with just one sweet whiff. “That a...internal thermometer? Because I could help, hell you can call me Dr. Stark. I have a doctorate ya know. I just don't have people call me that because it’s pretentious. For you though...Mmm. Yep the Doctor is in sweetness!”
With the quin jet on route, Coulson and his team were on the ground doing recon on the area. The team was coming across some rather troubling information.
It shouldn't have been possible, Tony had tested the armor against Thor's strength and yet Mallen crushed his hand like a tinker toy. The only reason Tony even had a hand was that he managed to fire off a chest beam and break free.
"Noted."
Loki did learn one thing though. Just because there was bad days, it didn't mean he had a bad life.
“Monster darling, we are not going to intentionally kill those mythical creatures we are going to help them.” She said, “They don't deserve to die. Stark will get his kid back and if he asks – who fired on the spot. He doesn't need to know what we were firing on exactly.”
No one ever said love was easy.
So why try? Why look for acceptance where there wasn't any? Why reach for salvation when all you were meant for was the fall?
Fury didn't look so sure, “I'm starting to think you're too close to this Coulson. I've enabled you play house with Barton because I thought that meant you could keep an eye on things. Presently I have to wonder if this has all gone to your head.”
You can't always get the leading man
Maybe it was the hours they had been awake or the lack of activity but Barton started to hum along with the music.
Tony brushed aside the words and held out his hand, “Then I’ll show you. All you have to do is hold onto me”
"Aye, I seen her there in mist. Hair like gold and skin softer than a babe, pale white and shining like' a pearl. Ya know their magic, tricky things though, halfta watch them or they'll drown a man for their amusement."
He found himself tugged into the elevator and crowed by the smaller man, “Quiet, look at me. You won’t. That’s not who you are.”
“That’s nice Thor but …Hydra!” The Captain shouted pointed to the now not so awestruck soldiers surrounding them.
Inspired by You Say - lauren daigle
would do anything to have what you have, healthy kids and a healthy mate.”
It wasn't a bad sort of feeling. He and Loki had discussed the later not shielding so much from their bond. Slowly but surely Loki had begun to rely more on his alpha.
“You need to push a bit harder can you do that for me Steve?” Doctor Simmons was doing her best to stay calm but looking over at the tablet next to her giving read outs of the fetal heartbeats she was growing concerned.
Dressing and slipping out of the tower at the early hour to enjoy the still waking city around them.
Loki chose to broach the complex subject that night over dinner; it had been a long while since he had felt much like accomplishing anything in a kitchen. At least nothing more taxing than a cup of tea or toast. Even now he felt invigorated from the sudden clarity. Of course their current quarters here in the tower were well stocked with anything and everything Loki could have ever needed and if he had run up on an ingredient not available he could have it with a simple request. Loki reflected on how Stark wasn't as big as a house with that kind of power. The fleeting mental image of the billionaire with a pot belly gave him a chuckle.
However, morning and its clarity did not come, as it was suppose to, there would be no soft words spoken from an open heart. No end to the self-loathing worn like a heavy cloak. Loki would once again have to push down the pain because the world was falling apart before his eyes.
So, i wanted to let you omegaverse lovers know! I am going to be publishing a STONY Omegaverse fic!
If all the 'hawkward' moments,  there are some reserved for those closest to the archer.
“You what?” Tony just thought his brain broke, was Steve seriously confessing feelings for him. If that didn’t just make him feel like shit, he didn’t think anything else could. “Steve, I need you to calm down for me. Ok can you do that for me honey.” Did he just call Steve honey…damn those all American doe eyes…damn them right to hell.
Loki shivered as he rested his forehead against the cold metal door, knowing he deserved every bit of suffering. He just didn't want it.
“Med. Floor”
“Oh I’m lookin sunshine… and you’ll see when I come back here a big hero your just going to have to change your tune.” Barnes grinned.
Tony stood there completely ill prepared to handle the sobbing 6ft+ mass of super solider who all but tackled him in tears.  Poor Steve with his Levis unbuttoned sitting low on his hips. Blubbering something about Tony not loving him anymore if he was out of shape.
“Clint”
“Steve!”
Arriving at the tower, they headed up to the common floor – surprised to find the room less occupied than normal. In fact, the only people there at present were Steve and Loki.
“Jello babe..the word is jello.” he smiled and gently helped the omega to his feet. “Come on honey lets get you to bed”
Coulson looked directly in his eyes, no deception “No, no one knew about me or this project other than those inside this facility. Even Ms. Hill has been in the dark until recently.”
Perhaps Howard Stark was no longer in his right mind, perhaps there is madness in a man who has lost everything. A kind of desperation that breaks the bonds of what it is possible and impossible, a reaching into the void for evens a spider’s thread of a chance. Places were a man of science and invention would look to fairytales for salvation.
Surprisingly, there wasn't a push back to his words. If anything it was like the other team members damn near rolled over. Then it occurred to him the entire stink he was kicking up right now and the gravel in his voice. “Damn it....”
Gideon’s guards moved forward but halted at a raised hand from their master. The old man laughed, bending to pick up the package. “Feisty little thing. Run home boy, and here’s a little reward.” The man said flipping a gold coin at Steve’s feet.
Steve lay back on the exam table with Tony next to him, the engineer looking over at all the tech probably adjusting all of the pieces in his head. Knowing Stark he would have a brand new sonography machine built that was lighter more compact and provided superior imaging, all before breakfast tomorrow. The trouble would likely be that parts alone cost a small fortune. Tony always had good intentions though and that great inventive mind was something Steve truly loved about him.
“Well that was pointless.” Steve looked over at the computer screen unimpressed. Natasha said he should look into some dating sites and Tony volunteered to set up the profile.
“Father! Stay back!” Thor shouted as a pillar crashed between them. Narrowly missing the old king as it crashed and crumbled.
“I think you're making the right decision Dr. Banner.” Hank said taking a the folders containing Loki's medical records to date.
To much silence too many things held in when they should have just been said. Now it felt broken and so did Steve.
"I lub it daddy thank you. Can Bucky bear have breakfast wi'me?"
Au - time travel/reincarnation ish?
“I sure did sweetie, how about you take a breath though ok?” Steve cringed hearing the little whistle in her chest. “Remember we talked about that?”
He couldn’t think about that.
That caught Tony’s attention.
The other young woman smiled from the counter, “The usual cups and parfaits of the kids?”
The thunderer just seemed confused, to which Bruce proceeded to explain the barbarism of early psycho-surgery. The Asgardian found the tactics both disturbing and sad.
Mallen's compatriots hadn't been sure about the compound they had taken from Aim's lab. From what they knew about it the ' transformation wasn't going to be pretty, or safe. Their boss could very well die and then what? Beck and Nilsen weren't exactly geniuses but they knew the score. Mallen was valuable to hydra – them... not so much.
“There is nothing to be done then?” Loki felt his Alphas arm tighten around him.
“No. he should though..he should leave me to rot.”
It was 2nd-century Roman philosopher Celsus, who once said
Just after sunrise there's more to look into than just the theft at the pharmacy company.  Dr Aldrich Killian, was found in his office that morning by his secretary. The man had committed suicide after typing and printing his confession. A typed and signed note informs co-worker Maya Hansen that he has stolen and "loosed" the company's dangerous Extremis serum for some "greater" purpose.
“Oh Loki, you always make such a mess of things.” He said to himself.
“Everything is fine.” His voice cracks and trills, sounding painful to even his own ears. “I've kept to my own and played by your rules. I have done all of these things to make penance and..”  Stop talking. Stop talking, what are you doing! A hateful version of his own vice shouted in his head.
"Sir. I believed you wished to be informed of any and all action involving Mr. Loki, that you might find....worth of broadcast?"
Every word had Tony-seeing red. He knew he was supposed to tell the team, knew he was supposed to wait… to do very glorious tactical shit that was usually Steve’s job.
AN: Sorry its been a while, I have some personal issues that made it difficult for me to return to this story. However, I’ve decided to continue for me, for the story that I have to tell, and for those of you who actually have been kind.
The helicopter circled to the left and Steve watched as the iron man armor came into view.
He could feel the rough stretch of Buckys face on his skin, the way those strong hands touched him everywhere as he spoke. Reaching under each and caressing his belly when Bucky talking about ‘breeding’ him. It’s not like Steve really had the equipment but when Bucky talked about it like that. It made him believe, made him want to be stretched and swollen with Buckys babies.  It made him painful hard that Steve feared he might come right then and there. “B-bucky please!”
“oh?” Squared up shoulders. He was really in for it now. “I really hadn't noticed, what with trying to raise two kids and keep the team together. Then Bucky and Loki showing up today, Loki looking about half dead and poor Buck beside himself. Did you know that? Or are you so inside your own perfection that it slipped your notice?”
Today was the lovely young Sirens wedding day, and more than that - her soon to be husbands coronation as the new King of Asgard. All of the palace inhabitants were a buzz with activity for the occasion. The grand halls decked in finery, the dining halls prepared for days of feasting, as the celebration would no doubt last for the full week.
Steve picked the child up and held him tight. It made sense why Tony was so awkward when it came to gentle physical contact. Everything had to be a grand gesture with the man and now Steve realized that it wasn't Bravado or some need to exude as much masculinity as possible. It was because Tony learned so early on that affection wasn't ok. Steve truly wished he could change that even if for a few moments.
Tony knew what this was and that it needed to stop. “Shit”  This wasn’t good for Steve or the baby. “Steve…”
The soldier hesitated, “Well...”
As it turned out, the books were translated, not that it would have made the read any easier. It would seem that what Asgard and the surrounding realms knew about the Jotnar, or as the Aesir called them Frost Giants, looked to be little more than racist propaganda.
Barnes seemed to  understand and nodded along.
That with the help of a brave group of soldiers, some of which lost their lives, America was safe again. Men that would be forever remembered among the memorials.  Men like Bucky… who would never see the end of the war, or the dream he had promised Steve.
And now that he understood, not just about himself but the things he locked away, he wasn't ready for it end. He just hoped he'd have the strength it took to keep going even when his mind told him lies.
Tony  wasn't going to backhand a poor pup or an omega if they broke some unspoken rule. His list was short, simple and violators didn't get much worse than an over exaggerated sigh.
“I can try on my knees again.” Steve was falling deeper into his mini heat the more they tried and he was become more and more desperate for some kind of relief. The more things failed to work the more admitted he was becoming. The part of his brain that had had been plaguing his nights was now plucking out thoughts of inadequacy. Surely if he was a better omega he would be able to do this with out complaining? At least that’s what his hormone addled brain kept saying.
Natasha Romanov was sitting on a bench in Battery Park, having just gone on a morning run. She had been quietly staying just in the shadow of Stark Tower - keeping an eye on the owner. Her phone began to vibrate, glancing at the unknown number she swiftly moved her thumb across to accept. Not just anyone could get this number. Not even a mistaken dial could, there was the number and then a code one would have to use.
“Tony you’ll get sick, no.”
“Just a moment.”
Letting his mind wander a bit as he pushed through the crowded isles, he was sure this was all just a ploy. Maybe he knew that when he got in the car and pulled away from the house but was too much of a coward to say so.
That's the thing about missions though, sometimes they go the way you think they will, there isn't that off day and you can't just pack up and go home like he wanted to.
“I was asked.” She replied nonchalantly, though it sounded more like ‘You have a metal arm not metal eyes, get it together.’ Because Natasha had a way of insulting without actually insulting you.
“She doesn't Robocop, I doubt he cares. She's using this guy as a guinea pig; you think if she wants some irobot utopia, she gives a shit about collateral damage. I'd even go out a limb and say she knew SHIELD would get wind of this.”
Peter looked surprised but then laughed along with her, he was too sweet to be sad about loosing the game. It wouldn't take the little pair long to sniff out their omega and dash behind the curtains to attack Steve's legs.
“Yep!, Imma’ be Iron Lady when I get big, I already told Daddy so. Maybe like.. when I’m 7 ?”
“Thanks’ Jarvis.” Steve chuckled and grimaced placing a hand to his now slightly smaller stomach, the firmness now gone- replaces with an ebbing sore feeling around his abdomen and hips. “Hopefully Jemma’s right and the serum will kick back in soon and I can get rid of this.”
“I’m not going anywhere with you.” Steve seethed as he made to walk past Natasha. The woman blocking him once again with a steady look that said she would drop him and he knew it. “..Tasha please...”
Yes, yes he did because he was scared now. The voice in his head, these thoughts. '
Title: Shit you buy at 4am
Honestly, Peter didn't really care about reading this book much, but he thought maybe his uncle needed cuddles. Uncle Loki was a lot like his daddy, daddy wouldn't ask for cuddles even when he really needed them. That's what Papa said anyway. Sometimes big people were just like that and Peter thought it was so silly. If he felt sad, all he had to do was say so and someone would make him feel better. Why couldn't big people do that? When you got big, did saying you felt sad become bad?
Life for a life. “Alright, just let me take him back to shore. I have friends there who can take care of him.” Howard didn’t want to miss his son growing up but if it meant Anthony had a chance he would die. He would go and be with Maria if he could - unless this monster took his very soul. Either way it would be worth it in the end.
“Loki you almost ready in there doll?” James called, his voice penetrating the thick oak of the bathroom door.
Loki began to openly sob and it was hard to watch such a normally calm and strong man falling apart.
Steven Grant Rogers, he was typical as far as omega went. Small, thin, kind and in the 1930’s there were few opportunities for a boy like him. He went to art school, since it was one of the few educational avenues available to omegas. Moreover, he loved escaping into the pages of his sketches, creating a world that was brighter and kinder than the one he was born into.
When you have spent so long wanting everything to stop... wanting them to continue is huge.
“Yes well I've not gone to the shops in some time. You know I loath going out among the crowds.”  That's right, sound like its just beneath you, not that you can't look at a mother with a child and burst into tears. That has nothing to do with it. Or perhaps the way you can't breathe when you happen past the isle with newborn blankets and soft toys.
“Must have been beautiful, I remember watching the sun come up in the summertime. My ma had to work early so I'd get up and try to fix her something to take along. It was nice, the rare quite before the city came to life. Though, I guess it's a little different now'a days.”
“I'm starting to think this was a set up...” He murmurs tossing a pack into the basket.
Steve didn’t want to believe that Tony was broken, but he could see the frayed edges in the way the inventor kept his eyes away from the rest of the team. That familiar shame that he remembered when he first brought Bucky home. Steve could only hope that he could turn this around for Tony. “I won’t give up on him. I can’t.”
The other gentleman stood and smiled, he was tall and handsome, and his dark skin complimented the light blue t-shirt he wore. “Sam Wilson, I know who you are Mr. Stark. You might not remember me but I’m the guy who flew for project Falcon during the war.”
“Chill out and don’t be an ass. You ain’t going back out there, we have this handled.” Barton spoke up before confirming over the calms that they had Tony and were headed in.
Steve laughed, “Yeah I wouldn't disagree honestly. Bucky's always been that way. I'm not at all surprised it would take someone like Loki to keep him in-line.”
“Yes...you said I lacked conviction. After I had...”
Rogers nodded, he could work with that. Tony could come back from this physically- he knew that, mentally…well Steve would be there for that no matter how long it took. “Tones, I’m gonna put a cool rag on the back of your neck ok? It’s just me baby; we’re in the quinjet and were going home.”
It hit him cold, “You don’t mean that Tony.”
'I'm starting to wonder is this may have something to do with it.” Bruce said sliding over the scroll for the others to scan.“The way this reads is that unlike human omega who typically have cycles on a reasonably predictable basis, the jotnar seem to only have them when conditions are most favorable.”
The first time he heard the name Stephen Strange, it was on one of those celebrity gossip shows while helping Wanda cook.  The young woman looked over at him uneasily as Steve paused his stirring and listened.
Every day he felt a little bit less, no matter how high he managed to hold his head their vicious taunts slowly consumed him. How much longer… until there was nothing left?
Such a flawless illusion of leather breeches with gilded gold grommets that laced up the outside of both legs, topped with a forest green tunic of luxurious shining fabric, accented in panels of black and intricate stitching. His once loose waving hair slicked itself back – not a strand out of place. Nails once bitten and dry now glossed in black polish. Let the games begin.
Title : Loki’s ipod
“Aside from the obvious yeah,” Steve shifted on the sofa, “I should go back upstairs before I start ruining furniture. God this is embarrassing.”
“Papa. Will I get to have a baby like Auntie Pepper?” Wendy asked tilting her head cutely.
That was a lie in itself.
Likewise, hearing the possessive grown in his alpha’s voice sent a shiver along the soldier’s spine. Steve let out a little breath when the alphas pheromones started to spike. “Tony… Tony are you..Ah..Are going into rut?”
Steve looked down where his dog tags where encased in now cracked glass over the heart of the armor. He placed his palm there, “What do I need to do to convince you it’s me. I didn’t want this, Fury… he wanted to end hydra and he did this. I would have never been away from you, from Peter, if I could have helped it. I told you, I promised you that I would always come home.”
Trying to disrobe and bathe someone who is basically catatonic wasn't the easiest thing in the world. Then there was a whole host of consent issues, biologically – as Loki's Alpha, he knew what would help the most right now but how could he even think about sex with his omega in such a state.
Apparently, that charming young woman in the 7inch heels made it out of the motel. He had to hand it to her, she must have made it past the cops and when straight to sell her story to the highest bidder. Considering the mags and web sources, she maybe could afford a clean pair of panties with the cash she made.
“Its fine, we knew this was coming right?” Tony said putting his palm against Steve’s forehead and gently coaxing the omegas head back against his shoulder.  “Bruce just needs to look you over so we can see what we need to do now ok?”
Steve shook his head and brought the mug to his lips. Pepper sighed and stepped closer, rubbing her hand on the middle of the soldier’s back. Even from this distance Tony could see the reluctant twitch in Steve’s muscles- he wanted to lean into the comfort but didn’t. That hurt the alpha that a member of his pack didn’t even feel safe to accept comfort.
“Steve?”
He just had to keep to himself, keep the one error in the serum secret. It wasn’t that hard really. Rogers had not been examined by anyone since he woke in SHIELDs office. He would not even let Bruce give him a once over after a mission, always shying away saying he was fine. Even when he wasn’t, the serum healed most wounds even if Steve had to limp home and dig a bullet out first. It all seemed a small price to pay to keep anyone from asking questions. When the scent of Alpha body wash wore off from sweat and he was just muddled and tired and nothing seemed quite right.
“Please, call me Jemma. To be honest it has been amazing meeting you Cap…uh I mean Steve. With everything, Phil has said about you, not to mention your war history you are something of a legend. I’m pleased to see you’re just a very kind man, and very understanding if you’re Alpha is anything to go by.”  She chuckled handing Steve the print out.
The throbbing music filled the workshop as the place came alive in salutation to its mechanic maestro. This lively greeting was actually a standard welcome home setting for each time the inventor was away from his “first children”.
This was their life now, living off odd jobs in the small tenement overlooking the harbor. Part of Steve longed to feel that salt blanched wind on his skin, while another part couldn’t even sleep at night without waking to the sound of guns and cannons.
His alpha shrugged and lay by his side, his wonderful work worn hands moving downward to Steve's belly. “Well I never do anything half way. You should know that by now.”
After that it was mostly clean up, Bruce had sat this one out in favor of helping Pepper and Phil to set up evacuation of the surrounding area and contacting goodwill corporations who would be willing to aid in the repair of the park. (With the promise of future generous donations from Stark Industries to the Charities they represented or supported)  So the team hadn’t much to do other than insure none of the mechanical miscreants had slipped through the cracks. They didn’t need to hear about a Taurus bot running wild in China Town.
On his own, Steve thought maybe he should have taken that more literally. He shouldn’t have spent the heat with Tony, not yet at least. Not when they didn’t even know what they were doing yet. It was too soon and now Steve was left with more questions than answers.  He should have told Tony to go, should have been strong enough to get through it on his own with out the alpha.
Yeah, Steve Rogers melted just a little.
He didn’t have Tony anymore. That was the worst.
Tony leaned over and kissed his neck, the alpha always liked physical contact. Especially after a mission, it was like he couldn't keep his hands to himself the moment he made it to the penthouse. Which is what led them to this little bundle of joy in the first place. “Poor papa, did you miss Daddy too?”
This confession had the inventor frowning and looking the omega over, now that he thought about Steve did look flushed and tired. Two things he never was, although lately things had been hitting him a lot harder than usual. With nightmares and insomnia, Tony knew how little sleep the omega was getting at night. The naps during the day helped some but this was the first time Steve really looked like he was exhausted.  “Wanna elaborate on that for me?”
"Do your job magic man." Tony waved before crossing his arms.
Steve’s cheeks flushed and he couldn’t meet the alpha’s eye, thankfully, Tony knew and smiled. “If you want to, anything you want  honey.”
Even when Loki had reached courting age, he tended to shy away from large parties that most Omega of his standing would demand. As much confidence as he could exude standing tall in his leathers or robes. He was good at it, the best (in his not so humble opinion) at appearing every bit the grand shining prince of Asgard as his golden brother.
“Safe…oh yes I forgot, you are just so intelligent that that ample brain of yours surpasses all understanding. Tell me something Anthony, how safe was it when Darcy had her dorsal fin nearly mangled off last spring during one of your little adventures? Alternatively, Clinton’s broken arm when you were children, not to mention all the messes you have pulled poor Bruce into. Were your calculations perfect then?”
“It’s weird.”
“You’re a life saver Jarvis, thank you that would be great.” Steve smiled pouring himself some juice and heading into the seating area. “Can you bring up the news coverage by the way on wherever the team is? I’d like to see how their doing.”
“Spangles always breaking my stuff,  Hey Tasha, you got eyes on Cap?”
You had me from "Bacon"
Hansen's voice breaks through the intense flair of mind numbing agony.
“Calm yourself Lokison and friend. You are safe now, though that was a very foolish thing to do…awakening a behemoth. They prefer to sleep for at the very least a thousand years.” The mer said…or rather the not-mer; the woman who had saved them had a lower body that was a mass of writing black tentacles.
He wasn’t getting any rest though, between his back and legs there was a more sinister element keeping him awake at night.
Maybe, the best thing- the one thing he wanted when this was all done. Was to be with Steve again.
Next came the check up with all the basics. Blood pressure reading, (slightly elevated and subsequently blamed on a certain manic mechanic and his inappropriate shenanigans), weigh-in and measurements to get an idea of where they were starting.
I once played with the power my life afforded me. I skipped through your pitiful world with little care to guise i showed myself in. Little concern for the mischief i left in my wake.
“Yes, and given my husbands profession I would not think we make such a desirable couple on paper to...most agencies.”
As it turned out Steve did like it, that was until Tony stood up from their table and asked him to dance.
(A big middle finger to Obi for hounding Howard.)
It had been a while; Loki didn't seem interested in doing anything outside of a heat for the last few months. Even then, it was all so mechanical and thought out, they even bought special pillows that were suppose to promote conception. Not to mention all the strange crap Loki had sent from Asgard that took resident all around the heat room. Crystals for this, herbs for that; most of which James couldn't even pronounce.
"F.r.I.d.a.y, lock down my office. Privacy mode."
“Coulson, is your team ready to ring the dinner bell?” Stark's voice sounded over the coms. Iron man was taking point on this mission, not that Barnes would have argued this decision. He'd let the playboy have point all he wanted, James just wanted to get this over with and get back home.
Thor pulled back the blanket and his brow furrows at the appearance of ink black waves around the little boy’s crown. “How dare you, how truly cruel are you?” Thor looked up and helped the child carefully as she backed away from the sirens imploring reach.
Tony held him so tight, burring his face in Steve’s neck just breathing him in. He was there, he was really there, really alive. Maybe that hurt all the more, because now it hit the inventor… all the hell he had been through. All the hell their family had been through. He wanted to scream or cry - mostly he wanted to wrap his hands around Fury’s neck.
“J, can you give me ETA on the minies?”
“But the baby will have the same bloods as you?” The little boys head tilted to the side.
“Loki.”
“No way.” Steve lunged pinning the inventor under him. “I’m not letting you out of my sight, you got that.”
Darcy didn't comprehend what the two legger wanted, she had seen their kind arrive after the fearsome beast, maybe they had set the monster on their peaceful kingdom. Now this one was trying to take Tony from her! She solemnly promised Loki to assist his son to the surface. Tony was so frail. Darcy didn't want her ill friend to die miserably. She didn't have time to deal with this land walker. “Go away!”
“I promise babe I’ll be back before you know it!” He shouted running out to the formation pad on the balcony, the suit already forming around him.
Tony was headed down a path there was no coming back from, a path that will leave his friend in a pine box. More frightening than that, was that he could tell that Tony knew that. Knew and just didn’t care.
Remember kids before there was CGI there was just Lou Ferrigno with green body paint looking jacked as hell.
“Looking at all the samples and history, I’d say Steve’s hormone levels are defiantly as unstable as Howard thought they were.” Bruce said bringing up a few charts and graphs.  “From what little of Steve’s medical documentation that I could still dig up - I did find a lot of miss diagnosis. This could be to our favor I think.”
“We’ll leave you four alone now, just let us know when your ready for visitors.”
“Steve?”
“40% Sir. I can transfer power to the heel thrusters once you are upright. Using the power left you should be able to surface and make your way to the Shield vessel. Agent Coulson has the Bones armor on board as your back up.”
Tony chimed in, “Go on robocop, just tell J when it's cool to send the Prof up.”
Loki held his expression until his mate turned and headed out. “No...Wouldn’t want that.”
Maybe it was the alcohol; the lack of sleep, or maybe it was just that Tony could not do this alone. He grabbed his son by the shoulders and shook him. “Well we can’t have what we want! He’s gone and he’s never coming back!”
Miles away, beneath the foaming waves and blue depths, another vow is made…one that is not as pure, one based in lust and wrapped up in lies.
“in short” Coulson chimed in “Nick isn’t just cutting of the heads, he wants to burn the stumps.”
Over the following months, the parking garage of Stark industries had been turned into a rose garden - Steve and Pepper kinda didn't hate this one. Everyone whose car was covered in vines didn't feel the same way.   Once again there was a letter detailing how every flower paled in comparison to the beauty of the Widows hair, the ferns a mere whisper when set against her eyes.  If nothing else Loki did have a way with words.
“Well look whose home, Greggy needs a welcome party.” Tony said darkly kicking his boosters into high gear.
AN: Song featured Is Take me to church by - Hozier, I do not own it or the avengers this work is purely for fan enjoyment and I profit in no way. Please support the official releases. The video below basically inspired this whole fic.
“Howard Stark… All right dad, whatcha got for me... I’ll count this as repayment for all those bedtime stories you never told me.”
“Yeah but I don’t really want to get up, I’ve never felt this lazy before. I’m not sure I like it.” Steve frowned to himself turning into his alphas embrace. “I’ve never just stayed in bed so long with out a good reason ya know? Even when I’d be sick as a dog I’d still force myself to get up.”
Kurt sighed happily and traced on of his large fingers over the image. “We have seen files on so many children you know? But when I looked at him...I felt something inside of me. I just knew he was mine, like he had been waiting for us.”
Emil countered around the younger man, “It’s about Steven Rogers.”
“It’s warm this winter.”
Some days...it's just hard to breathe and he curses himself for that weakness because Loki has never seen himself as weak. The mere thought of it is an aberration. He stood shoulder to shoulder with warriors on the field of battle; he could weave spells that could bring foes to their knees. Grown men had wept for his mercy.
Steve didn’t seem to think this was very funny though, he just looked solemnly at the now empty bag and its crinkled shiny green packaging. “I just remember this brand…nostalgia ya know. There’s not a lot still around from back then, nothing…survived”
The last of his father’s acquaintances Tony has never actually met, only heard of because this one lives on land. Still, the stories that his father used to tell him still bring the young mer comfort.
The director felt his mouth go dry. "Whatever game this is kid I'm not playing it." he wanted to though, maybe that made him wrong but he couldn't shake it.
Tony had already slipped out to take the kids to the bathroom at that point and Steve took his chance. “I'm glad, are you sure everything is alright?” He felt he had a right to be nervous considering how many difficulties they had with the twins. Steve of course did not want to worry Tony but it didn't mean he was going to remain in the dark about things.
Many of Hydras 'old boys club' felt that she could be the figurehead they needed if nothing else. A sleek and beautiful creature they could manipulate and hold up on a pedestal. Madam Hydra could become what Red Skull never could – with her beauty and the right amount of PR, they could change perception. They could creep out of the shadows and use her as a tantalizing lure for a younger generation. Maybe even turn public thinking against SHIELD.
I'm back!
Turned out nothing was right and never would be again. Steve had slept for 70 years and everything he knew was gone. He was surrounded by a world full of lights and sounds…noise and mess. It was all so wild and loud. He did not belong here. He could never belong here.
“Forgive me Sir, I did not mean to steal your thunder.”
So perhaps Loki had grown lax on his stance then? Maybe just no noticeable magic among mortals. What they won't know won't hurt them.
The kiss had changed a lot; it opened up a door that could not be easily shut. Not that either man wanted to close it. Truth be told this was what they both needed, both been looking for even if that truth was one never voiced. It was a silent simmering thing that grew beneath the surface, and perhaps had been for a while now.
“Those were Furbies not beanie babies and they were possessed not radioactive.”
Loki sighs and picks at the blanket bundled around his spindly frame. “My mother..enjoys the sunrise as well. When I was young she would wake me and carry me to the gardens and we would sit in a swing of a flowering tree. I remember how special it was because it was just she and I. When I grew too old for such things..it was a loss to me even if I never said so.”
Pepper and Rhodes arrived, Happy was down in the lobby entertaining Peter with a puzzle in the security room.  All they had to do now was ambush Stark.
The woman tightened her fists, “I’m sorry this happened, but you’re not the only one that’s in pain.”
Days melted into weeks as the ship sailed north, following the maps to the ultimate destination. In the meantime, the crew acquainted themselves with the new weapons and implements they had been given. Things of near fantasy that Howard Stark had created under the sole purpose for revenge.
It surprised Steve that Tony had been the one to say that. “Is that what you want?” he asked, not wanting Tony to do what he thought everyone else wanted.
"I should freeze your sensitive bits until they fall off!" Loki hissed.
“Some things you can’t get back” Barnes said gesturing to his empty sleeve. “Mr. Stark, your son is gone and if this siren took him then she’s long gone by now.” Even James had to admit he felt bad for the guy. No mater what really happened to his kid, it was clear Howard Stark loved his son and the loss had obviously done something to the man that nothing was going to fix. It was better to be straight up with him. Death was a hard pill to swallow, but it was final.
“Then do it.”
The digital images pixilated for a moment before sharpening into clarity, the woman is tall and formidable looking in her tight black garb, her hair in sleek waves obscuring half of her face like an old Hollywood starlet of days gone by.
“Ah, would you like to go and have lunch? I understand that your alpha is away at the moment.” There was an underling comment there, it seemed like Loki's Alpha was away a lot lately and Kurt wasn't sure if maybe that was what had the omega in such a state or not. For some the distance could cause illness or depression.  Somehow he thought this might be deeper than simply missing ones mate.
It had been a fear of Steve's when they first found  Bucky,  he was happy to see his friend getting help. That help by extension was making James stronger for the fight here at home. No one wanted to think that Loki would do that to Bucky, but no one thought the God of Lies would ever sob like a frighten child.
Hey Tony check this out!
“I don’t know about this, maybe we should try the coms one more time, I don’t want him to shoot us.” Clint said as he began to hover the jet nearby.
“It hurts. Why does it hurt?” Tony’s fingers clawed lamely at the center of the chest plate.
“I never meant…”
“Ya know what, yeah… Hell yeah I am being protective. Big fucking deal, I can’t help it. If you haven’t noticed these are things I do, I fix things if I can. So sue me if I don’t have some fantastic morale boosting speech for you right now filled with righteous reasons for wanting us all together and blah blah honor, blah blah strength. Unlike you I don’t carry around a patriotic iconography to instill the good vibes.”
His alpha laughed brightly as he cracked a few eggs over a skillet. “Yeah, or he'll call Logan and the old man will call me and read me the riot act for not takin better care of you.”
The polished leather clad man regarded him a moment before returning his relentless focus out of the large floor to ceiling windows. “You say that, and I would like to believe that. Just know that if you're severely compromised, I will forcibly take the situation in hand to defend this country.”
How smart, how attractive..  how perfect on The surface.
“No I,” He grumbled pecking a metal finger on top of the now closed manila folder. “I mean why you’re going on a mission right now.”
“J! Fire up the shower, Dummy and You - you two  are an wash and rinse duty make sure the Shelby is sparkling full detail! J I’m gonna need you to call Pep tell her to pick out a suit and tie for me oh and get Steve’s measurements and send Hap out to my tailor and see how fast he can get a suit made for my boy. I’m thinking navy with some light blue and gold tie. I also need reservations, pick a place you know what I like.” Tony was shouting out orders while pulling off his goggles and other work garments while heading to the elevator.
“Stevie are you on that again! Look, I know you don’t like it but I agree with the laws, you don’t need to be in a place like that, you’re too sweet for all that babe. ” Bucky said, seating himself next to his childhood friend.
Cold-hearted children who have learned to hate the world and carry blame like a weapon. Tiny hands clutching onto the bloody daggers of their parents dogma like a security blanket. Never once accepting kindness or knowing empathy, such concepts seen as weakness and weakness could never be tolerated. Minds warped perhaps from the cradle and rose with words of vitriol and touches heavy with malice. Fragile lives molded with hate, there is a reason ill intent exists in this world – it begins in the home.
A creeping sense of inadequacy washed over Tony; there was nothing he could do to fix any of this. Add to that, clearly, whatever the serum had failed to do to turn an omega into- it had worked on a beta. All testing confirmed that Barnes was an alpha - with such elevated testosterone and adrenal levels it was as if the Asset was activated into a constant state of aggression verging on rut.  He reeked of power and strength.  Even the medically suppressed omega on what was left of shields staff couldn’t be around Barnes.  Even Coulson with his will power of steel quietly excused himself.  That seemed to put a bur in the saddle of quite a few of the alphas - Tony included.
Before they adopted Peter, Tony had been so terrified about ending up just like Howard. Being some distant figure that showed up between business trips with expensive gifts and awkward words that was on better days. Worst case scenario the legendary weapons builder would stumble in drunk shouting, nothing Tony ever did was enough. He was nearly pulling his hair out when Steve said he thought they could have a family together.
Tony ran his hand back through his uncultivated hair before giving Potts the thumbs up. “Yeah Peps got it…old guys and binders lots of talking that I won’t be doing… making it far less interesting by the way, but sure I’ll be there.”
He wanted it to be perfect.
Sorry it's been a while. My self esteem in off in a drain someplace but I'm fine. Anywho, I tried my best here so hopefully this isn't a steaming pile crap. If it is horrible ..idk keep it to yourself cause I just can't.  Enough of this stuff, here's what you really want. enjoy if you can.
..Yes. (can i get a AWWWWW)
Tony had come up from the workshop to find the penthouse bed empty; sure he was a little disappointed but tried not to dwell on it. Instead, he drug himself through a perfunctory shower before falling into bed. He managed about an hour of shuteye before that eighth cup of coffee came to call (decaf - pepper was a traitor who infiltrated his coffee maker after 9pm.) The alpha stumbled out of bed and into the bathroom, to hell with masculinity; if he didn’t sit down he’d probably piss on the floor right now. So there he sat with his head in hands, questioning his life choices for leaving that much work so late. He wasn’t 20 anymore; these long nights were digging trenches in his face a little deeper every year.
Again my best lies are to myself when I said. " He will return safe, I will have time to tell him..time to offer him more than this short existence."
Loki wasn't used to being what one would call 'social'. Sure, when he was young he had been forced to attend feasts and pay respect to dignitaries of the realm. As he grew older, he was often the one to escort his mother to her meetings with the Omegas whom held high rank or title.  These obligations where less about his ability to hold intelligent conversation and more with his ability to stand statuesque and silent.
Yeah it was wrong, but maybe he was a little tired of playing by the book. "Do you have any idea what you're asking?"
Midgardian breakfast completely stole my heart! and now I'll never let go.
Her 'boys' as she called them were three men she had come to adore during their service together. James Barnes, a fantastic marksmen and generally good with his hands in ...other ways. Sam Wilson, a pilot and easily one of the most fearless yet kind men she knew, he was like a brother to her. Lastly, was Steven Rogers. Steven was a foot soldier and amazing strategist. He fought with all of his heart and often times trying too hard to see the good in people. They all served together these last six months under the Captain of the good ship Leviticus.
“He's right James.” Phil added. “You have to take care of yourself. “As they say, 'secure your mask first before you help someone else.”
Now he had a choice, James could put this on and take it off whenever he wanted to.
“I’m aware of the year; I even know who the president is and my address. So I think I’m competent enough to make the choice of where my children are born Stark.”
Steve stands idly in the archway  just watching the other man for a moment. He's reminded of an old eastern belief he'd recently read about.  The Buddhists in China believe in something called a Hungry ghost- a being driven by a relentless emotional need that it can never satisfy.  Depression is like that he thinks.  At least to him, Steve's been down that road a time or two and some how reading the representation of a creature who was once human. A person just like anyone else who had a thirst for something in life they couldn't fill, be it greed or lust. The pain of that want had driven them to search even in death.  Pain was a lot like hungry in a way that a person longs to be free of it.  The way that that it can consume you with rituals and worry.
Lol...ya'll  I have no idea right now. I hope this made you giggle
James hummed in mutual agreement and left one final kiss in his wake, Loki smiling softly to the feel of his alphas stubbled chin rasping on his sensitive shoulder. It had been so long since they had been intimate, these subtle touches began to warm him more so than ever over the passed weeks.
“Steve,” That’s when the question came, the question the omega knew would come eventually because this was Bucky, this was the closest thing to a brother he’s ever had in this world. “ Are ya happy?”
“Of course, that’s my little princess.” The proud father took the baby girl as Jemma placed the little blue bundle in Steve’s Arms.
Steve ran past a staggering robot that promptly collapsed into a heap. These robots were big and could discharge volts of electricity, but their legs were spindly and easily broken.
Why did they always go for art? Steve wondered. First Nazis, now robots. Most of them followed their leader’s instructions to cause general chaos and destruction, but there were a few rogue ones who’d wandered south and into the MoMA to fry some paintings.
Steve felt something explode behind his eyes. “No, he’s not. He’s not fucking okay!”
Steve wondered if reading something would help and got up to look at the bookshelf. He had just selected an Agatha Christie when the door opened.
“I’m starting to feel better already.”
"You’re such a mom,” he’d say, and Steve would roll his eyes.
“Why aren’t you there with him?” Steve snapped, pushing past them. “Where is he?”
Tony opened the fridge, knocking over bottles and Tupperware and a box of Bruce’s syringes.
“Again with the swearing?” Tony’s arms were covered in clean white bandages, including one on his chest, more sloppily applied. Beneath it was a faint, luminescent glow.
Steve looked back at the puzzle, feeling queasy. He heard Tony set the cognac down. The container rattled hollowly.
Steve felt triumphant when Tony slid out from under the car, but he didn’t look in Steve’s direction.
He cried out when the bird’s claws dug into his neck, struggling against the giant wings.
“Uh, guys?” Clint said.
Tony lay in a crooked heap. Steve ran over to him, reaching out, when a voice said, “Stop, Captain.” It had come from Tony’s suit.
“What the hell, Tony?”
“We have a situation,” Fury said. “Origin seems to be on the Upper East Side.”
“Tell him it’s important.”
“Iron Man?” Steve said. He looked into the empty sky.
“Not for another few days,” Dr. Mendez replied. “I want to monitor his condition."
“All I ask is that you don’t yell at me from your front porch.”
Steve turned around. A man in scrubs was standing in the doorway.
“Could you tell Tony I’m here?”
An omniscient British voice supplied, “He’s under the green Porsche, sir. Fourth from the left.”
Steve had six broken ribs, but the doctors gave him bandages only as a protocol - his wounds would heal within hours at most. Only fading white scars remained on his neck, and his bruises had disappeared. Natasha and Clint sat on the other side of the room. Natasha had broken a wrist, which had been set, and a nurse was stitching up Clint.
The paramedic sat back on her feet, muttering under her breath. Then she leaned forward and began chest compressions.
“Unfair,” Clint mouthed from across the room. Steve grinned back.
Tony wasn’t there for the debriefing, which was unusual - ever since Pepper had taken charge of the company, Tony was always present for debriefings, what with his boss breathing down his neck. Unless he’d been seriously injured, he always managed to show up, albeit about half an hour late. Worst of all, Fury didn’t even question it. He shut Steve and his questions down, multiple times. By the time Steve returned to his quarters, he was fuming. He took a burning shower and considered shredding his mattress to bits.
Tony was never around. Steve wondered if he ever spent time with anyone besides his robots.
“But you weren’t. You were dead!”
“He’s fine,” Bruce said, grabbing Steve’s shoulder. “He’s got a few second-degree burns, but he’ll be fine.”
“Oh, fuck."
Silence.
Clint laughed. “Sir, yes sir." He pushed himself off the countertop he’d been sitting on. “Well, time to go drag my ass down to training. With Nat.” He disappeared out the door, his gaze shifting over the ceiling. The pair had a knack for climbing through the vents no matter how many deterrents Tony put in place.
“Nah, Hawkeye just set a bunch on fire.”
“No.”
“No, Captain. It keeps him alive.”
It had been three days, Tony was alive, and Steve still saw red when he closed his eyes. He didn’t know exactly who he was angry with. All he knew was that it gathered in his belly and wouldn’t go away.
Tony glared at him. “It just so happens that you were bleeding to death on the pavement.”
“Should I be worried about the smoke?” He asked.
“Stark, I-”
“Stark?” Steve said. “I need verbal confirmation. Does anyone see him?”
“Tony,” Steve said. He reached out to grab Tony’s hand, but the paramedic threw her arm out to block him.
The artist in him glowed. He’d just held a Van Gogh.
Steve brought his shield down on one of them and extracted The Starry Night from its clutches. He handed it to a group of museum attendants hidden around the corner. “Sorry about that,” he said and ran off.
Over the earpiece, he heard Tony whoop. A moment later, a red streak circled across the sky in a glorified victory lap.
“I need to go with him.”
The world tilted and Steve squinted, trying to focus on Tony’s face. There were bags under Tony’s eyes, dark and bruised.
“Get back. We’re going again.”
“Put pressure on it,” Steve said when Tony leaned over him.
“Tony!”
“Negative,” replied Natasha.
Steve leaned over and vomited.
Steve didn’t think - he pushed his hands into Tony’s sternum, squinting from the bright, blue light. One, Two, One, Two, One Two. Between compressions, he felt the deep hum of the blue light.
He was okay with that. He wasn’t avoiding Tony. He’d just needed to clear his head.
“Hi, I’m Dr. Mendez. You must be Steve Rogers.” Steve was relieved to see that the doctor was unruffled by his presence.
Tony opened the fridge and found an uneaten slice of cake marked CLINT’S!! DO NOT EAT. He took a huge bite out of it.
“And don’t pick me up like that.”
Tony winked and gave Steve a mock salute.
Tony was silent.
“Let go of him,” the paramedic ordered, and Steve realized he’d been squeezing Tony’s hands bloodless.
Clint was in the kitchen at breakfast, drinking directly out of a carton of orange juice.
Bruce’s lab was strangely soothing. Bruce was calm and methodical about everything, to the point where Steve wondered how much of it was a practiced calm and how much of it was natural. He had considered coming more often, but the lab was Bruce’s refuge, so he didn’t intrude too often.
Beads of sweat slid down Steve’s neck.
“Oh, of course, he’s in the museum,” Clint said.
“Yeah, I’ll be right out.”
“You should be in bed.”
“But she did punch one, like, five seconds ago,” Clint added.
The pencil in Steve’s hand went still. “I know,” he managed, not looking at Tony. “JARVIS told me.”
Sweat was running into Steve’s eyes. He sat back on his heels as Tony’s form blurred before him.
Steve took a breath. “This isn’t funny!”He felt something slide around his waist. He jerked instinctively, but the arm held fast.
Steve exhaled a prayer.
“No, thanks,” Steve said. “Pass me the Cheerios, please.”
“On your six, Iron Man!” Steve said. A giant robot, much bigger than the rest, moved towards them, crackling with energy.
“No, I’ll do it from my lawn chair by the petunias,” Steve replied.
“Are you aware of the function of the arc reactor?” The hologram spun on its side, giving Steve a full view of the arc reactor. He saw wires protruding from the bottom end.
"What do you mean, 'the armor came off'? You didn't take it off before?”
“I’m not taking any chances.”
Steve’s father had regularly drunk enough liquor to kill a horse. Tony did the same. He drank alone and too much, and lately, he was drowning in it.
“Morning,” he said. He held out the carton. “Want some?”
“I wasn’t dying. You know that." Steve stepped closer, and he was gratified to see that Tony looked intimidated. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
Steve’s shield sliced through the robot’s knees. It whined and toppled over.
As soon as the doctor left, Steve went over to the suitcase. The lock appeared simple, but when he pressed his fingers to open it, it wouldn’t budge. Instead, Jarvis’s voice filled the room. “Reading. Captain Steven Rogers. Access authorized.” The metal locks unfurled to reveal a small lens. It clicked on, and a hologram of the arc reactor appeared before Steve.
“Is everyone okay?” Steve asked.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I’ll keep you informed, Cap.”
Tony could die today.
Tony looked like a toddler, his legs swinging impatiently from the exam table.
“Tony’s in medical,” she said. Steve jumped, beelining for the door.
“Jarvis-”
He put his head in his hands and felt tears.
He heard Tony shout. There was a loud whirring sound, and for an instant, he felt blistering heat.
Speaking into the radio, Tony said, “Seriously, are there any more of them out there?”
“Well, stay up there, just in case.”
Even so, he said, “Thank you, Mr. Jarvis.”
Steve tried to stand and felt like his ribs were burning. He tried to hide his wince, but it was too late. Tony wrapped a mechanical hand around Steve’s arm. “All right. We’re taking a little trip down to medical.”
Steve tried to sit up, but the world spun, and it felt like someone had knifed him in the chest. Tony pushed Steve back down. “Don’t move, all right?”
Thor wasn’t usually in the Tower. When he was, he always took Steve out to pizza. It made Steve a little queasy to watch Thor eat, but Thor made him laugh, and he listened to Steve’s aimless rambling.
“Geez, lighten up a little.”
“Don’t touch him. We’re taking him to S.H.I.E.L.D. medical.”
"I'm coming,” Steve said. He veered towards Central Park, where he saw a plume of smoke rising into the sky.
On his fifth drawing, Steve drew Tony without his faceplate. It made him grin, the sight of Tony’s bare face sticking out of that suit. He’d never tell Tony, of course.
“Tony!”
“The electromagnet keeps me alive.”
Dr. Mendez looked at Tony. "He woke up sporadically for a while, but as soon as the armor came off, we put him on painkillers. He's very weak."
"I am always with Sir,” JARVIS replied, sounding faintly amused. “As I said, Captain Rogers, I must address some concerns."
Steve’s pulse was going so fast he felt sick. “What do I do?”
“Jesus fuck, you traitorous son of a bitch!” Tony yelled at the ceiling. He moved past the table, rattling Steve's soggy bowl of Cheerios. He threw his half-eaten sandwich into the garbage.
Steve's eyes widened. "You're in the suitcase, too?"
“Of course, sir.”
Steve scowled as Tony swept lazily through the empty Manhattan streets.
“I’m going with him,” Steve said.
“If Tony dies -” Then what? Then what would Steve do? He felt the grip of hysteria on his throat.
Steve winced when Tony took a swig. Do something, he thought. But he stayed frozen in his chair, staring at the sudoku numbers blurring together.
“Good morning to you too, Cap. I live here.”
“Whatever it is, don’t say it,” Steve snapped. “I don’t want to hear it.”
“You were a soldier. I’m sure you saw this all the time.”
“I’m sorry?”
There was a pause. Then JARVIS replied, “I’m afraid he’s very busy, sir.”
“Stop yelling, please,” Steve said.
Steve jumped. He still felt unsettled by the disembodied voice in the ceiling and avoided it whenever possible.
“Fuck you, to think that I could stand losing someone else I care about. Fuck you for not telling me.”
“Captain, you must perform chest compressions. I can keep time.”
Tony lowered Steve onto the ground and Steve tore off his cowl, ready to scream. Tony popped open his faceplate. “Cap. Relax.”
When the kitchen clock read 4:32 AM, Steve stowed his sketchbook in his closet and went to bed.
“Doing what? Moping?”
But looking down at Tony, with smile wrinkles around his eyes, browned skin, and blooming purple bruises, Steve couldn't stop the steady thump-thump of affection and anxiety.
“Tony, let me down or I'll..."
“Hello, Captain Rogers,” said JARVIS. “I believe an explanation is in order.”
Steve couldn’t remember the ride to HQ. He didn’t know how he’d gotten access to Tony’s room.
But he did remember Tony. He was wearing a blue hospital gown, eyes closed, his upper body covered in wires and stickers and tubes. But his chest was moving up and down, and the heart rate monitor’s beep was steady.
“It's how Tony summons his suits,” Steve said.
“Get out!”
It was quiet, for a time. The sky was free from aliens, robots, and bitter gods with a tendency towards the dramatic. Tony seldom showed his face and hardly ever talked to Steve, except yesterday, when Steve had said “good morning” and Tony had replied with a grunt. He’d had a sandwich in his mouth and looked hungover, so Steve wasn’t too bothered.
Tony's voice crackled over the radio, tinged with glee. “I think this is pretty funny, Capsicle.”
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked.
Something feathery and smelling of sewage smacked into Steve’s chest, knocking him backward.
Freed from the bird, Steve put a hand on his throat. His palm came away slick and wet. A few feet away, the bird lay in a sizzling heap on the ground. “Steve,” Tony said, running up to Steve.
“Sir?”
The ambulance sped off, sirens wailing. The streets were empty and smelled of ozone.
“When will he wake up?” He asked.
Steve bit back a sigh. “We’ll be right on it.”
Steve sighed. The wound was already starting to heal, the pain lessening to an ache. “Listen, I’m sorry about earlier. But you need to stop pulling stunts like that.”
Tony laughed.
The door closed behind her. Tony opened his mouth.
Steve fell to his knees by Tony’s body. The suit was coming apart, exposing Tony’s prone form, until all the metal covering his chest was removed.
"What’s wrong?” Steve asked, noticing the crease in her brow.
In the corner of his eye, there was a movement.
For several days now, Steve had only been at the Tower to sleep, and he’d always slipped in as unobtrusively as possible. Today, however, Steve had woken up to the sound of heavy sleet hitting his window and decided to use the gym instead.
“Let me go.”
“Don’t fucking talk about them. Do you think I don’t think about them? You think I don’t have nightmares about them? You think I don’t see their faces at night?”
Then Tony gasped and convulsed. His eyes opened.
“Don’t,” Steve said to the empty room. He kicked off the sheets and went to the living room carrying his sketching kit. He sat down by the window, where the moonlight spilled over him the strongest and began to draw.
Without his cowl, the bird broke easily into his skin. Steve wrestled with the flapping body, trying to pry it off his chest, but it had a firm grip and there was blood in his eyes.
The head, the arms, the legs. Rough bits of a person. And then: more detail. The shining bits of armor, the hard lines of metal. And finally: the glow of light in the middle of his chest. Tony Stark, the Iron Man.
“No, I promise.” It was Clint.
"Yes, in the operating room. Due to Mr. Stark’s situation, we agreed to implant an ICD. It was intended to be temporary, but the computer said that it couldn’t allow that, and made several threats.” Dr. Mendez paled slightly. “Since Mr. Stark’s condition was stable, we decided not to interfere. The rest of the armor didn’t come off until we left him here alone.” Dr. Mendez gestured to a briefcase tucked in the corner of the room. “That's where his suit went.”
“You need to eat something healthier,” Steve said.
“What, you're pinning this on me again? Goddammit, Steve, at least we’re alive." Tony's voice was bland and tired.
Steve rescued a Picasso, too. He had just subdued the last of the museum robots when he heard Clint’s voice. “Cap, are you with us?”
One last bit of sanity reared its head, and Steve asked, “Are there any more of them?”
“You can’t just go around pulling jokes on us like that. What if you were really in danger? We wouldn’t have known. And the next time you do that - ”
The setting sun glowed through the window, resting over the bedsheets and Tony’s face.
Tony, for whatever reason, had insisted Steve live in his tower. “You need to get out of that musty health hazard of an apartment. There's probably asbestos in the ceiling. That's a carcinogen, by the way.” So now Steve was sprawled on a king-sized mattress lying on sheets worth more than a month’s rent in Lower Manhattan. It didn’t matter. It was all pocket change to Tony.
Tony. Steve shut his eyes, and all he could see was the glow emanating from Tony's chest.
“And the arc reactor powers it.”
He stood up to leave when Pepper strode into the room, heels clicking.
Tony lay a warm, callused hand on Steve’s face.
“Dammit, Stark!”
Steve had just started a sudoku puzzle when he heard footsteps. Tony was standing in the kitchen. They hadn’t spoken to each other in three days.
“Yeah, well, I don’t feel like it.” Tony opened the cabinet drawer where cookware was kept and pulled out a bottle of cognac.
Dear God, he thought. Let him live. God, please, please, please, that’s all I want.
Steve nodded, “Okay.”
The slight whine told him that a current had been discharged. There was a long pause, and all the noise from earlier fell into the background.
Steve lay in his bed, avoiding looking at the clock. How long had it been since he’d crawled into bed? An hour? Two? He could sleep anywhere if need be, even standing up. But here and now it seemed impossible. He closed his eyes and all he could see was Tony, the lights, and the dark veins moving like roots across his chest. He imagined flecks of shrapnel, embedded in muscle, moving into Tony’s heart, ruining it. He thought of the war.
“Captain Rogers," The voice said, calm as ever, "I am ridding the suit of electric charge. Sir is in cardiac arrest. I have already contacted emergency services.”
“He won't,” Natasha said, voice firm. "Now come on.”
Steve watched the door close behind Tony. When it was clear he wouldn’t return, Steve sank into the couch.
“No, Tony, I saw you die. You weren’t breathing. I saw you taken away, you were dead!"
Tony flew by, and he seemed to be having fun. He blasted a robot in the Hulk’s general direction, which the Hulk swatted like a volleyball. It skidded into a Chipotle.
"I'm not in the mood for this." Tony's voice was sharp and brittle, so much so that Steve let him push past and disappear.
“In case you hadn’t noticed, Cap,” said Tony between gasps, “We need you out here.”
“Steve, we -”
“Mr. Stark would not have been in danger, had it not been for his secret.”
Dr. Mendez pursed his lips. "We couldn’t get it off until his computer agreed to the procedure.”
Tony had successfully convinced the others to come and see the newly renovated tower. He was confident in the design, who wouldn’t want to live there?
Flexing his fingers, the burn eases to a dull hum, he breathes in and the air has never tasted cleaner in decades. How could anyone live with out this?
The alpha hoisted herself up onto the counter to his left. “Something on your mind?” Natasha said while breaking up a sugar cookie with her fingers.
James didn't want to push because when you push Loki he just pulls farther away. He still remembers the nightmares the omega used to have back in Asgard, how Loki never wanted to be followed or coddled. Eventually, Loki would come to him and just take what he needed. Even if he wasn't really taking because James was fully offering his comfort. Not to mention, when they first bonded and returned to earth. The way the omega was about as pleasant as a wet cat for weeks. He always came around though.
“Tony listen to me, you came home and for good or bad at least you made it. You know that we will all be here for you every step of the way.” Bruce says as he kneels down on the carpet in front of him. Gentle weathered hands touching his face and neck. “Right now I need to make sure that you're ok. We have no idea the affect Extremis might have on your organs, especially your heart and what it might do to the reactor.”
“11, that’s an odd number I thought rating systems were 1 through 10.”
“Tony…”
AN: I love music, as previously stated so I challenged myself writing each section inspired by a different song. I will list these per-section So if you have any of the songs handy and want to curl up in my thought process with me while reading then there ya go. I also thought it would be an interesting way to set the mood behind each scene. Let me know if you feel this enhances your reading experience and I will do it more often!
"So..Pizza with extra bacon?" Bruce leaned over and placed a kiss between two sculpted black brows. "It will all be okay, no blood wine tonight ok?"
Amora watched him closely; he was startled but not afraid. In fact, the only emotion she could glean from the man’s tight jaw and dark eyes was …desperation. Desperate men were her favorite. Often those were keen to make the deadliest of deals.
Would the serum reverse completely? Or would he be some freakish Omega mutation, would the heat kill him?
Tony rolled his eyes, “Quite spangles we’re sceincing.” Stark tapped the hologram, “You said it’s treatable, well bullet wounds are treatable too, they had to use enough dope to make nurse Jackie blush but they still managed to knock him out and stabilize everything like they would anyone else.”
“Language” Cap chimed in, cringing after realizing what he just said. Why did that keep slipping out!
The alpha felt the deep growl as it emanated from his chest. “Hell yeah.” He muttered closing the distance between them before caging his omega in his arms against the wall. Planting his face against that long porcelain neck and breaking in the warm scents of cedar and ice. James raked his teeth over Loki's pulse point and felt his lithe lover tremble. “I want you so bad sweetheart.” his voice rumbled with tentative want. He didn't want to push too hard too fast but it was difficult with such beauty at his fingertips.
Melinda crossed her arms and watched from a few steps away. “It's not just one or two; Mac and Daisy said they saw a few guys gearing up. Unless Hydra recruited a family of identical octuplets, all these guys have the same face.”
It was Peggy all over again.
“Fine, we leave and 0:600. Hopefully we can get this over with.”
The dream was better.
Fluff and more fluff. I...suffered from sweetness overload this chapter.  It's a little padding for next chapter
Fury crossed his arms and leveled her with a glare. “That’s hardly the same thing Natasha.”
“…don’t you puppy face me Rogers…no..Ahhh damn it. There it is, the eyes and everything.” Tony leaned up and kissed the soldiers pouting lips. “Yeah, I’m so knocking you up again.”
The last unfortunate victim was Steve. He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
When the door opened Tony steeped put walking leisurely down the dark hallway as fluorescent light above him lighting the way. This was what he called the “Fire Lab” For some of his more contained projects; the area also offered the added privacy of being inaccessible to anyone other than himself. No one was allowed access unless there was a life and death emergency. In which case Jarvis had a protocol for who would be allowed down.
Tony, as cautious as he was these days was in the private elevator and headed to the secluded back entrance where the enhanced security had already directed the official looking car. He sincerely doubted this was Fury on another of his little ' fact finding' missions. That man would have shown up in a helicopter like fucking James Bond.
“Yeah, it is.”
“Clinton…darling dearest where are you?”
“Crazy stuff right?” Tony said popping a blueberry in his mouth.  “You do need to keep something down though with how you burn calories on the regular this is just going to kick it into overdrive.”
Tony spotted the blond seated alone at the dinning table after the sun had set. Stark was a bit of a night owl himself and considering the excitement of the last few days- he was still feeling wired. It hadn’t gone unnoticed to the alpha however, that since the meeting about Barnes; Steve had been aloof from the pack. The soldier hung around the fringes of conversation or disappeared to the training room for extended periods of time. When dinner rolled around Steve would beg off to shower and come back to eat alone.
Tony wanted them to know, to carry around the proof of the heart he no longer had right out for all to see. He wanted them to see that name when he killed them.
She thought about what Bruce said and didn't want to think it was anything so sinister as domestic abuse. Barnes came from the time when Omegas were often taken in hand for bad behavior. Thus far, Natasha didn't think he had that sort of mentality. Given that Barnes wasn't a traditional Alpha, (the serum created by HYDRA had done that to him). Growing up beta, he would have had an outside perspective on the treatment of omegas. Weather he remembered that or not. Not only that - she had seen him in the field, watched his interactions. Barnes was to controlled, he fought so hard for that control that there was no way he'd risk losing it.
Tony knelt down to be on eye level with the soldier, he reached out slowly touching Steve’s hands. “Steve, it was a prank a really shitty prank and I’m so sorry. I would never have done that if I knew this was going to happen. Look at me, I promise I’m not dead.” The billionaire licked his lips and took a chance as he leaned forward. “If I wasn’t real, if I was just some synthetic hunk of scrap. Could I do this?”
Steve frowned working over the words, he knew Bruce was just trying to help and in these days ‘options’ wasn’t the dirty word it had been back in his time.  “You mean if I decide not to take the risk? If I just… give up now rather than later?”
Pepper would try. " it's ok tones they just don't get you and so people take things the wrong way. " or " just ignore it, some people just say things. There just words."
Steve felt the stretching and pressure at first, it was uncomfortable but it didn’t hurt per say. It felt…right, then Tony met with a bit of resistance. They both knew what it was, the thin membrane that signified untouched territory.  Steve felt the alphas length retreat a fraction before pushing forward and tearing through. He gasped and dropped his head to the pillows. “Please. Please…”
“Young Master and Young Mistress are currently finishing their first examinations and will be returned in 5 minuets and 34 seconds. May I also say Sirs, congratulation, they are truly little wonders.”
Tony offered his best pout “That cuts deep Steve, really it does. How could I not visit my favorite veteran Popsicle in his time of need.”
Tonight however, Loki wanted to fill their floor of the tower with scents of home. He wanted the magic of spices and herbs to carry all of his hopes. Didn't the mortals have a saying that the way to a mans heart is through his stomach?
Still, if she didn’t take it the outcome would be worse still. If she rejected him, Thor would hate her. Therefore, with a thin reluctant smile she took the damnable trinket.
“It does, we aren’t there yet. Maybe if you took time to look over the mission briefs instead of going off your own information then you would know that. The Kroyak base is the end game Stark, one we aren’t ready to play yet.”
Now, for normal people being bored means finding a hobby, or taking a walk, maybe calling a friend, reading book or literally any damn thing that does not end in fiery chaos.  This is where Bruce came in handy, because apparently Loki carried what the man thought of him and Banner had more-or-less become a ...'Loki whisperer'.
Amora held the squirming bundle tight to her chest as she swam into the depth. The baby screamed as his bones and internal organs had reformed so quickly, the siren tisked at the infants constant howling.
Do i even need to day a word about this....XD
The cold creeps under his skin and Steve knows it’s not real, knows there’s no reason for it and his mind races.
Stark covered his  face and chuckled into his palms. “Oh god, you Irish Catholics…allergic to birth control.” He pulled his hands away and looked into a pair of serious and longing blue eyes. “You know how hard it was with the twins. Are you sure you want to do that again?”
“You have a meeting Mr. Stark.” Her voice is ice cold and he knows that he's in for it but still he smiles and head over to the bar pouring himself a drink.
“We’re gonna get in trouble Tony!” Bruce whined. The little boy watched as his friend shooed him away. Tony was always doing things like this and somehow Bruce was the one who always was dragged along.
“Don't say I didn't warn you.” The metallic voice answers with a sing-song quality.
“Yeah…yes” Tony panted softly, damn Barnes to hell for knowing just how to get him like this.
“Oh I know” the alpha smirked and barried his nose in his mates neck. “I'm going to take full advantage of that and makeout with you everywhere.”
James stood listening the soft trill of ringing across the line. “Come on….come on you can‘t be that mad..” He mutters to himself. Honestly Loki could be that mad and he knew it. The omega was rather good at holding a grudge but even so - this was a special circumstance so Loki just had to forgive him. Right?
“Well boys, looks like things just got a bit trickier. On the upside your rich Tony so buying two of everything shouldn’t be difficult.” Bruce said still smirking as Simmons turned the screen back.
“Captain Rogers, your vital signs imply that you are in distress. Is there anything I can do?” Jarvis’ voice lit from the ceiling.
Coulson paused, the mug halfway to his lips. “I know that May, look I'm fine with Loki. I know that sounds strange but he has been living in the tower and been around the kids. You've read the report the same as I have, he was controlled just as Clint was, even more so.”
I am so sorry it took us all so long Loki.”
“Pep listen it's not..”
Milk pools around my glass and drips off the table and onto the tile below. “Sorry…”
“Mac! On your left!” Melinda shouted
Another image came to the alpha that made his mind purr as he walked from the office toward the nesting room. Steve bathed n the evening light, lying on the bed with the kids.  All of them peaceful and safe, this was what it was all for.
“Jarvis?” he tried hoping maybe this was something weird Tony was doing, like maybe the inventor accidentally released some deadly glass into the tower and so now everyone was on lock down in these little cubes. That sounded legit - it was disturbing that something like that did sound legit, this was his life now.
However, it would seem that years or good behavior and the truth of circumstance was enough to quell any lingering mistrust that would have made such an exchange entirely impossible. Loki wasn't sure if he was thankful or disappointed that the Midgardian seemed so at ease.
It took some talking to, but Loki reluctantly but agrees to let Bruce run a few more tests. He was just so tired of feeling like he was floating on this endless wave of sadness. Maybe that talk with Steve had loosened more than just a few tears, because from that morning on Loki actually spoke when people tried to engage him. He learned a lot of things from those little conversations now that he was willing to listen.
" living is pain and pain is motivation and motivation is success ." had say to himself eyeing a row of angry blisters. He just had to try harder.
“Ok…ok,” Steve wiped at his eyes, “enough of all that you big softy. What do we name these two?”
Tony had been an enormous help keeping the two squirming little ones on each knee as Bruce helped Steve to get situated so that they could begin.
Steve clapped his hand behind them and the children fell silent. “Enough of that. You both know better. We use our inside voices and we don’t argue.”
AN: Short Chapter but this needed to be done. I felt like I needed to button this up with Bucky, oh and I think there will be a book 2 winterfrost. If you don’t like that I’d ask no one flame that work. I feel like I will prolly get it anyway  though.
He wanted to kill him… when he looked at the soldier all he saw was his parent’s graves. The gauntlet tightened around the assets throat and threw the man atop the desk. “Now you listen to me you bats hit crazy ass hole! You never touch him! You lost that right! I should blow a fucking hole through your skull!”
It was unlocked, something about the door opening with a single touch made him feel sick.
The answer had been incoherent at best and could have easily been misinterpreted. Perhaps if he asked a bit plainer, “Loki, has your alpha ever hurt you? “
Banner blushed slightly, he still felt odd receiving praise. “Your welcome Steve. Honestly, anytime you need to talk I'm here.”
He just wanted to help, just wanted to show his father something to make the man proud. Any little thing to show he was worth something.
He couldn’t do that, because if he did his heart would break. He didn’t want to think, he wanted to do something. Break something…someone…yeah, someone needed to pay. Someone needed to hurt as he hurt, he could not sit back and let those bastards get away with what they had done. The team had no idea what Steve would have wanted, they didn’t know him like Tony knew him. The more he thought about it the more that cold heavy feeling spread.
“Bruce is on his way, we’re gonna take care of you ok? You trust me don’t you?”
Steve knew with their line of work it was unrealistic to make promises like
“Yes well, she will be speaking with Kurts' group. He's taking those more interested in physical service. I'll be in charge of the group more interested in research and development.” Loki replied, frowning slightly at the sight of the alphas breakfast. There were somethings he would never comprehend.
They should be asleep or having some nice early morning lazy sex with the heat turned up and the covers in the floor. That glorious newly mated type shit they never really had the opportunity to do.
There was so much wrong with this, it couldn’t be and even though it was, there was no sign it would be for long. Bruce had explained that to him once day in the lab when they were looking over the unstable state of Steve’s internal plumbing.
“But!” She protested eyes wide and wild.
“Yes Sir, transmission to begin in 5 .4 . 3 . 2. 1.”
This wasn’t right; it should have never been like this. Tony was a realist and at least a part of his mind had planned for the inevitable but not like this. He thought he would go first, a life spent living to excess finally catching up with him. Not Steve, never Steve.  Not his Captain, his leader, his lover, his friend.  It should have never been Steve.
“Wow, outsourcing really does lead to a lowering in productivity. Honestly, old Red would be rolling in his bomb shelter seeing this.” Tony snarked allowing Jarvis to tap into the security feed. The camera system was out dated and the black and white images were grainy at best. Still, it gave Tony a good enough over view of the facility with the exception of the underground freezers. It also gave Jarvis a free run to see who was lurking in the building computer system.
“When I did get so old…” he muttered to himself turning the page in his sketch book.
“Weapons training, taking a few cadets out to the range. Barton's on roster with me.”
Steve looked down before taking the box in his hands, “You went to all this trouble for me?” he said looking at the pure white of the rose, Steve vaguely remembered his mother saying that when an Alpha gave you white flowers it meant they were staking there claim to court. If you accepted then it meant you felt them ‘worthy’.  It was an old custom, yet it warmed his heart to know that Tony thought of it.
For the next few weeks, it almost seemed too easy watching Natasha, Sam, and Clint head out of the tower on what Tasha would call “Milk-runs”.  The simple ops missions that lasted little more than a day or three at most. Steve really didn’t care for steak-outs and he wasn’t very great at stealth.  Therefore, as days turned to weeks the Captain found it simple to find a comfortable routine. He had more free time to catch up on reading and Tony had a whole list of movies that the engineer felt his omega ’absolutely had to watch.’
Even with the obvious worries aside, Tony knew this was a big step; it would change things between them.
The young sailor armed only with a shield stared down at him. Steven had only ever wanted to protect people. Ever since he was a little boy and watched how his father terrorised his mother. All he wanted was to be the man that saved the important people in his life. Yet he had never taken that role, even among his crew he would defer to the Captain or look to his friends. Steven was much like his weapon..a Shield, not a sword. “Sir…I, I don’t know if I…”
“Whichever, I don’t want to impose.”
“Well it is a bleeding hole..” Barton muttered.
It had been a sight when one day in particular, Steve broke a reporters camera outside of the tower, when the rather forceful paparazzo shouted some lewd phrases at Tony referring to the mans past sexual exploits.
“Damn it Stark...” Steve smiled to himself, “You’re all the same, charming devils with soft little hearts.”
AN- do ya'll  want eventual Mpreg in this? Just wondering …
Steve looked up and damn it if he didn’t look devastated and confused. “What?”
Even with all the cheers and now special teams arriving to sweep what was left of the base for information, there was one spot of stillness.
Sam laughed to himself, shifting back on his heels arms crossed over his chest. “Yeah, unfortunately they got a bit banged up this last fight. Like a lot of things it seems.”
When Loki finally pulled away there was silence surrounding them. Green eyes locked with blue gray. “If you die...I'll burn the world.”
"I'm 18 today and you can't tell me no Stark."
“This is all really amazing.”
“That's not her name...” He looked back at Barnes who was trembling in his chair, “Bucky ...tell them.. that, that can be.”
Tony combed his fingers through the slightly dampened golden hair and watched as the soldiers breath evened out under his touch. Part of the billionaire wondered if the kids would be like this one day. If they would come and crowd the bed when nightmares came calling. If his little son or Daughter would curl up on his chest and for comfort. Tony could imagine a child in Steve’s arms; it was a difficult image to conjure up. For him it was a little different. Howard had never been an extremely warm man; Tony learned early on that Stark men should not need anyone. Even if he just wanted…he could never ’need’.
Steve couldn’t help but smile at the snarky remark, “Very funny Stark. What are you doing here anyway? I must be dying if you came out of your tech cave to sit with me.”
“You have a daughter. She’s perfect.”
“I got it ... an elevator!” Clint said smacking his forehead.
“Um...Phil.” Daisy questioned. She knew all to well how easy it was to lose control and let anger and hate take over. While she didn't know much about Loki, aside from the obvious, she respected Barnes enough to not want to see anything happen to his Omega. “As much as we need the help I think our alien wing-man needs to calm the hell down.”
“I'm coming with you.”
Taking a breath, the mortal turned away tacking his son into the small cabin and laying the squirming infant down.
Every alarm in Starks head was screaming to leave this alone. They were treading to deeply into waters that he had never been much use at.
ensions still felt too thick, he wished there was just a switch he could flip and go back to the life that felt worth living.
Those had been the Captains final words. The Leviticus now had a new Captain, Steven Grant Rogers.
Steve shifted foot to foot. “There’s um…there’s more to it.”
Like me you lived through the darkness, made friends with that pain.
It was adorable and innocent, “He’s not lonely now my sweet one, he has us to look after him right?”
Something told the widow this wasn't because he had a brain washed x-man tied up in the closet. This was something else, something in that tremble and this grand show of ' I'm okay you're okay'. He spaced out to and let her retort slide, she knew his wit was faster than that.
“What about Natasha or Clint? Would you lie to them to, would Fury?” What Steve really wanted to know...was if they lied to him. They had been with him at the time of the ambush, it wouldn’t be hard to believe that one of them could have doubled back and followed him. In fact no one would be better suited to track him than a member of his own team. That didn’t mean that Steve wanted to face the possibility that one of the them… people he saw as family. That they would have betrayed him like that, hurt Tony and Peter like that.
When Clint wins at Mario Cart
Tony struggled up to his feet and out of the scattered remands of his suit. “I get that bird brain I need to get Jarvis to tell Steve I’m fine because he was watching the news before I went for that little swim.”
Four more hours would pass before the rest of the avengers would meet the newest members of their pack. Doctor Simmons wanted to be sure the twins were healthy having been pre-term. Amazingly, both babies were perfect. Small as they were, neither had any lung problems and scored high on the Apgar scale. Jemma gave Steve a once over as well, he had require stitches for a perinial tear, which the doctor assured him wasn’t abnormal. She surmised that the serum would likely pick back up over the next few days and if the tear healed before the stitches dissolved she was only a call away, or Bruce could remove them.
Steve was happy to hear it was normal; however, it did bring up another point. “If I’m not bonded will I keep having them?”
"Thank you, Howard. You're a good friend. I'm sorry for any trouble I've caused. Your son was just born. Today should be a day filled with happiness."
"Oh I can imagine." Howard knew what Steve was implying with what he just said but he definetly didn't want to hear any more details.
"Is that why you came to this time? So you could see him again?"
"A beer sounds nice.", Steve admitted eventhough he couldn't get drunk or anything near it. "We can discuss a day to go. And I'll keep that in mind, I'll be sure to visit."
"That's a very special photo.", Howard stated.
Howard listened to Steve as he explained. He was surprised to when he heard what happened to Tony but he nodded in understanding.
"I will.", Steve agreed putting the photo back in his pocket.
"It's okay. I just wanted to make sure you are okay. If you want, we can go out for a beer sometime. And of course you can visit us whenever you want."
Howard gave Maria a quick kiss and left the room.
Steve sighed. Maybe he needed to talk in order to get over with it. "Yes... You know I came from the year 2023. At this point I knew Tony for about ten years already. First, we were just friends. Well actually during our first mission, we hated each other. But over the years we grew closer and closer. Right before out last mission... Tony proposed. I was the happiest man on earth... but... Tony sacrificed himself to save the universe..."
"I think I should go now, giving you some time with your son.", Steve announced  quietly.
"Yes, this is little Tony.", Maria said softly watching as Steve stroked her sons cheek. Tony opened his eyes after a moment and stared up at Steve with a curios gaze before grabbing his finger with his tiny hand. Now Steve couldn't hold back. He completely broke down and cried. That scared Tony so much he started to cry as well. Both Maria and Howard had a look of concern on their faces and as Maria tried to calm Tony, Howard tried to calm Steve.
And Howard was right.
The whole time Maria and Howard smiled at the sight, watching as Steve and Tony bonded. Once the newborn had finished eating, he closed his eyes, giving a small yawn.
"Are you feeling better now, Steve?", Maria wanted to know.
"We took it a few days before... before our mission."
"That's good to hear."
Howard frowned. Something was wrong, he knew Steve didn't just break down. Was it something that happened in the future? He decided not to pester his friend for any details. If Steve wanted to tell him, he would have.
Suddenly they heard Tony whine in his mothers arms. Steve instantly looked over to his crying godson wondering what had upset the newborn.
"I see."
"I'm ready to go back.  I want to say Hi to Tony and try not to cry this time."
"Of course he feels terrible. I wish I could help him, Howard.", Maria sighed. "But there's not much I can do and there's not much you can do either."
"I'll get used to it I guess. Having him as my godson will be great as well.", Steve hoped, what made Howard smile. Steve was strong, he knew this. "Tony will adore you. I'm sure of that. He already does."
"Oh, you're tired, Tony? Good night then.", Steve told his godson before turning to Howard and Maria.
"I'll be there if you need me."
"So that's why you call me in the middle of the night? It's almost 3. But yes, of course I'm coming.", Steve laughed. Howard had called him from the hospital. He and his wife Maria were expecting their first child and had asked Steve to become godfather of the little boy they were going to name Anthony Edward Stark; or just Tony, to keep it short.
Steve smiled hearing those words. "I'm so happy to hear that. You know what? I keep a photo of us with me all the time. Do you want ot see it?"
"You like that, right? Does it taste good?", Steve asked the baby, the smile never leaving his face. Tony smiled as well, looking up at Steve as his little hands try to grab the bottle.
"Yes, please do, Howard. I'll be waiting here for the doctor to discuss when they'll release me and Tony."
"Tony will be happy to see you. He already likes you so much."
"He said he'll get over with it. But I doubt it. Maybe it was the wrong choice making him Tony's godfather."
"So this is Tony. Hello, little one." He carefully stroked the little boys cheek with his finger already feeling tears burn in his eyes.
Steve was very emotional, he knew this, but he hadn't intended toto scare Tony. Apologizing seemed like it was necessary. Hearing those words Tony smiled brightly and kicked happily. He obviously forgave his godfather. Seeing Tony happy put a smile onto Steves face. It's was adorable to see the little one's smile.
"Good. Tony, say 'Good night' to Mummy and Daddy.", Steve smiled as he put Tony in his bed, while the little one gave another yawn. As soon as he was set down, the newborn closed his eyes, falling asleep only seconds later.
Both men walked back inside into the hospital room.
"Are you ready to go back inside? Or would you stay out here a little longer?", Howard asked.
"Yes, he'll probably go right to sleep the moment you set him down, now he's got a full belly.", Maria replied.
"He means a lot to you.", Howard noticed. It was obvious how much his son meant to Steve. He didn't know what he could say to comfort him. It was also obvious how much pain Steve had endured, losing him.
Steve had been staring down at the photo of him and Tony. Tears were rolling doen his face when he heard the doorbell ring.
"Steve, you need to come here right now! He is finally here!", he heard the voice of his new best friend Howard through the telephone.
"You and Maria should be proud. You'll have so much fun watching Tony grow up."
"What did you and Steve talk about? Is he truly, okay?", she wanted to know, what caused Howard to sigh.
"I appreciate it, Howard, but there's not much you can do. I just need time to heal. I'll be okay eventually."
"Good. I'll be back in an hour or maybe two."
"Do you want to go outside and get some fresh air? I can join you if oyu want.", Howard offered. Perhaps fresh air would do Steve some good. He knew the other needed to regather his thoughts.
"I should visit Steve. See if I can do anything to help him."
"Should I put him in his bed?"
"Hello, Tony.", he said softly. "I'm sorry for startling you."
"Oh, that's terrible!" No wonder Steve had broken down. It was painful. She couldn't imagine how he felt. She herself couldn't imagine loosing her son.
"You didn't cause any trouble. I understand you're sad. How about you tell me something about your time with Tony? Maybe this helps."
"Alright.", Maria replied with a nod. "But take your time and make sure Steve is okay. I'll stay here anyway."
"I'm alright. But what about you?" Steve could heare the worried tone in the other man's voice. He contemplated on whether or not he should tell the truth. He sighed and gave in.
"This is why you broke down? It was painful seeing him again, wasn't it?"
"Yes... It's unbelieveable. I saw him die in my arms and now I can see him grow up. I just miss him so much...", Steve aswered with tears leaving his eyes.
"Yes, that would be helpful. Thanks." Steve got up to take his walk ourside followed by Howard.
"Can I get you anything?", he asked.
"That sounds like it was a fun day. I bet Tony was kind of a chaotic man."
"He's adorable. I like him a lot too. Congratulations, Howard."
The sun was just beginning to rise above the hospital and it was already warm for late May, but not too hot.
"You too." Eventhough Steve was leaving with a smile on his face, he started to cry as soon as he reached home.
Steve nodded and took the photo out of his pocket. It showed Steve and Tony back in 2023 cuddling and kissing on their bed. Howard looked down at the photo curiously and smiled. It was a sweet moment that had been captured and the love was clear in both of their eyes.
"Thank you for forgiving me, Tony. Now, let's get you fed. I'm sure you're hungry."
"Thank you for coming by, Steve. You're always welcome to visit us. We'll be heading home soon.", Maria replied with a smile her husband had on face as well.
"I could be better to be honest. It's difficult.", he murmured.
"Of course. I'd love to see.", Howard replied. He was curious and definetly wanted to see the photo. "As long as you wish to share it, Steve."
Howard placed his hand on Steves shoulder, noticing the change in his voice, wanting to comfort his friend. "Keep that photo close to your heart.", Howard advised.
"Good." Maria handed her son to Steve while Howard was preparing a bottle. "Make sure to support his head poperly.", she told the former supersoldier. Steve gently took Tony in his arms making sure to follow Marias words ans support the newborns head properly. He could feel the familiar sensation of his chest tightening and his eyes watering, but he did his best to ignore it. Instead, he looked down and smiled at the little one in his arms while the baby looked up at him curiously.
"So, do you want to talk about it?"
"I understand. You'll have plenty of time to spend with him.", Howard assured Steve, "However, how will it affect you, Steve? With not having him as a boyfriend? Will you be okay?"
"I appreciate you stopping by, Howard. It means a lot to me.", Steve told him. "I don't want to keep you away from your family for too long."
THe moment Steve had left Maria looked at Howard.
Steve took the bottle Howard was handing him and started to feed Tony, who greedily started to eat.
"Okay. I'll pick you two up then."
"I think he's hungry again. Steve, do you want to feed Tony? We're bottlefeeding him.", Maria asked him what caused Steve to look back up at her and gave a nod.
