Tony was still staring at him, the air between them charged, but there was a different heat in his eyes now. Steve took a slow breath as Bucky grumbled lowly beside him.
"You were told the priests were not to be used as test subjects." Wolfe snapped back with a frown.  "They were only to be treated by the chaplain until further notice."
He wanted to have a word with her alone and Natacha knew what that meant.
“He takes risk… Not enough to compromise us, surely. But you know, it is enough.” Lieutenant Becker had admitted anxiously in the confines of Dvorak’s office only a few days before Dvorak left for leave. Despite his assurances otherwise, Becker had been unable to hide the lines of anxiety deepening in his face, even behind years of training. No doubt he was regretting the faith they’d all put in Rogers. The man was unravelling and if they weren’t careful he’d take them all down with him.
“He’s seven.” Stefen reminded, one brow raising incredulously. “That textbook is nearly bigger than he is. Is there anything more suitable for a child?”
But Artur clung tightly to him, unwilling to be moved, and Steve forced himself to put one foot after the other as they made their way to the music room.
Smiling warmly at him Tony lifted his hands in a helpless shrug.
“I remember this little boy in Pola, that's where I grew up, who died of a spider bite.” Herr Stark suddenly said into the silence and Steve paused.
He wasn’t.
“What?” he finally managed to get out, brow furrowing deeply. “Surely the children know to behave…”
“We should quit meeting like this," Tony attempted to joke, but it felt we off even to him. "It only ever seems to bring bad news."
The crowd around them tittered, relaxing as their focus shifted from Steve to Tony as the monk leaned to smile down at little Oliva Greer, tickling the baby’s chin until she smiled gummily at him.
Bucky perked up, sensing that he was finally about to get somewhere.
Adapt.
Bucky’s smile turned just a hint nostalgic as he looked out the window, turning over an old memory. Tony found it easy to picture the two of them and their caravan, Stefen toddling about on unsteady legs with Bucky at his heels. He could see the stars the way Stefen had described them in Berlin, see the all the colors and the faces of the uncles and their families – smell dinner bubbling in the big pot over the fire. And then Bucky’s quiet voice drew him away from the fantasy, away from those boys who had no idea how time would change them.
For all that he had never wanted the burden of Hughard Starks legacy, it burned giving it up like this, to his parent’s murderer. But Stanislov would learn why it was a mistake to underestimate Tony Stark. Sometimes you had to sacrifice your Queen to win the day.
One anxious eye went back to the long black train coming stopped now at the station, it's tail of cars stretching about half the distance between it and the work site. They’d be there. They had to be there. Gritting his chattering teeth Tony turned and waved for the Forman's attention, signaling that his barrels were empty.
One hand reached to cover Steve’s clenched fists. Steve stared at it, biting his tongue and holding incredibly still to allow Tony to continue his explanation. “If it was just about the weapons or the company, he could have taken me then and there. But he can’t just be satisfied with that, no he’s got to be the one to catch Enemy Number One. I’m the key to finding you and he knows that. He knows me too well I’m afraid.”
Stefen teased in reply, “You’re a man of God, stark. There's nothing peaceful about you.”
Though the interior was better kept up than the exterior it did not look as if anyone stayed there regularly. It had the distinct air of a place that had only recently been aired out, and the empty halls echoed with their steps. Obadiah must have had a few people employed to see to his comforts, but from one end of the house to the other Tony didn’t see another soul besides his escort.
“Alright Tony.”
," he relented, smoothing Artur’s uncombed bangs with a tender hand. "But be sure. We won't be able to come back later."
“They’ll be dumped with whoever can take them and promptly forgotten. The War Office has no time to worry about them beyond that. Anything could happen to them in a strange land in strangers’ hands, Stefen. Can you live with that?”
~*~*~*~
“Hugo is dead, the Germans got him!” He declared, nearly out of breath from his run. Tony noticed for the first time that his coat was blood stained, his expression panicked as he slogged through the water collecting on the floor snapping, “We’re too far out to swim. We must radio for help. ”
“The Klein’s haven’t done anything wrong. It’s all a mistake, one I’m sure your father will get sorted out.”
he thought, one of the first he’d had about his father in a long time that came anywhere close to charitable.
Tony winced, but what was done was done and really who could blame him for his temper fraying. Weeks of this. Weeks.
Tony huffed a tired laugh.
Natacha flinched back as if Tony had slapped her. He felt guilt for leaving her that way, but there was nothing else to be done about it just then. At least now she was moving. She turned and virtually fled the corridor as if a pack of wild dogs were behind her. Chest clenching, Tony turned and dashed up the attic stairs. The key to the attic door was still within the lock, the door left ajar. He found Wanda and Pietro huddled together on the old rickety iron bed underneath the attic window. Pietro had an arm around his sister’s trembling shoulders. His face was ashen.
Das Wissen der Na ton, 1934, Women and Girls
“Would you like a new book?" He asked suddenly. "I can’t promise it’ll be a book for children-”
“It’s the Klein’s.”
It was going to be won by whomever had the biggest stick, and history would remember them as good no matter if they deserved it or not.
"What do you suppose I should think with you shutting me out all the time?" Tony asked him calmly, propping himself up on one elbow until he could see all of his face.
"Can’t. I'm off to see our guy and get the papers for the twins."
"It’s not worth it." Tony repeated, each word intoned with finality and Steve let out the breath he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding in a slow shudder. Cautiously he took another step toward Tony, recalculating everything that they’d said to one another and this time noticing how the things unsaid seemed to shout.
He was close enough to see the storm brewing in Stefen’s eyes, the way the blue deepened at the word friend. Close enough to see, that even if he couldn’t say that other word aloud, friend was understood. Not exactly just as good, and not exactly better either. Just good, on its own. He hoped they’d always be friends, and he fully anticipated Stefen protecting his friends the best way he knew how.
"I know you do,” Tony allowed with a small sigh, gently wiping away the slick coat of sweat from Steve’s skin. “But over extending yourself and doing yourself an injury isn't going to help things."
But before long the children demanded they return to the amusement park and so they went, indulging in the sights and sounds and carnival games. They ran into the Osborn boy who was with a group of young people Steve could only assume to be school friends. He was surprised to learn Harry was starting school at Theresian Academy. It sent a sharp jolt through Steve to see the boy in the cadet uniform- a somewhat plainer, version of the SS standard. The cost of what was being promised to the cadets at those schools was standing right in front of him in the form of Henry Osborn, a boy turning soldier before he’d even turned sixteen.
"Tony haven't you been listening? I want you to stay. Nothing has changed."
– lifeless earthy hue, sunken cheeks, a reddish circle around the eyes!
“Herr Stark?” Péter called hesitantly, cheeks once again flushing a faint pink. “Thank you.”
What had he done?
“What about him?” Kirk snapped, before he seemed to realize what he’d done. He’d known exactly who Bucky was asking about so he could hardly claim now not to be familiar with Hughard’s son. Bucky smirked at him and Kirk just glared.
Herr stark. He's even gone so far as to tear the curtains. They’ll have to be replaced. And it's not the first time either is it, master Ian?”
It was dark and Tony's hands were red from the soap when he finally sat back on his heels and looked over the fruits of their labors with satisfaction.  Natacha, her fingers red and raw from scrubbing, went over and lit the lamp. She looked over at Tony expectantly and reminded, "We'll miss the evening broadcast."
With a somewhat exasperated look Stefen had glanced at Tony and gestured toward where the other children were playing with Bakhuizen in the shallower water.
. This was not the first riot Tony had lived through. This wasn’t like him. He hadn’t reacted when Steve picked up Sara. Just Maria.
There was some old wound between them, some grievance that festered like a sickness. Any excuse to lash out, Steve was sure Vonkov would take and that knowledge made him uneasy.
“They see you out and about with the kids they’re not going to let you keep them out of it anymore.” Bucky stated the obvious.
“It’s a love song, bambina.” He rubbed his face and translated the lyrics Bruce had sung for him in the dark.
“Do you feel tricked James?” He asked, considering the boy with a tilt of his head. “I’m sorry for that. But I asked for exactly what I wanted. If any of you had bothered to think about it, even a little, you would have noticed there was a margin for error and done something to limit that. Do not blame me for your passivity.”
Bucky stared out the window. The hand not gripping the end of his smoke, rested on his knees, clenching open and closed and Steve watched it, wondering what was so out of reach that Bucky wanted to grasp.
“I could have, yes. But would you believe I didn’t want you anywhere else?”
By the time Tony had made himself presentable (dressed, teeth hastily brushed and face washed) and hurried his way to the front of the house to join Frau Hogan and the children on the steps, the chauffer had already brought the car around and was loading Herr Wiess’ luggage on top of the captain’s.
“General, the subject-I don’t- there is more testing to perform and I need the subject docile.” That other voice said, more anxious now, but the hand did not release him. Instead cool fingers slid down his throat grasping and squeezing his windpipe like a snake.
Stefen opened his mouth but before he could speak Tony interjected with breezy confidence ill-suited to the gloomy mood of the table, but in his mind all the more necessary for that.
“I’m very sure. And you’re going to help me.” Tony answered confidently and it was enough to get Stanislov to lean back, his brows lifting in surprise despite his obvious effort to remain impassive. Tony went on, warning, “Because you can overpower me and drag me off to whatever hell hole, I’m sure you’ve got prepared but I promise you, you will
“Don’t do it, Joshua!” Harold heckled happily. “The wife just made me clean out my ears.”
“What is the mission?” she asked, ever suspicious.
He could tell that she was not entirely comfortable in the arena of parenthood, but that was only to be expected. He had to give her credit for putting forth an effort at least. She’d asked permission to steal Natacha from her lessons that morning in order to take the girl with her to a breakfast with the Christian Women’s Charity Society.
"Let Pepper see to that cut on your cheek. She's not any more likely to believe you ran into the garden gate than I am, but she'll worry less."
“I’m alright, vati.” she repeated. “I knew what I was doing.”
The cook winked at Sara, who giggled, and eagerly informed those not in the know, “Cameron’s sleeping by the shed.”
“The sheets. When was the last time they were changed?” he snapped toward Pepper, but it was Bucky who answered full of piss and vinegar, as if he’d heard Tony’s uncharitable thought.
"C-Captain -" Hammer stuttered but Steve quickly overrode his objection, wanting the situation over and dealt with.
None.
“No one can see you!” the man hissed through clenched teeth. “No one! Understand? Not a stranger hiking, not a child that happens to be wandering, no one.”
She did not understand how Stark had integrated himself into the Captain’s life so quickly, or why Stefen should demand that she agree to employ the man until the children were grown in the event of his absence. With how deeply he felt for the children written all over his face it was simply not possible they had been strangers before he came from the abbey to be employed there. There had to be some connection between him and the captain that was not public knowledge. An old school friend? A debt of some sort no one spoke of?
He’d thrown up. She wrinkled her nose at the sight of the bile and discolored acid, stark against the lingering snow.
The truth was, though he’d known the man something like twenty years now, the abbot remained a mystery to him. He always had his own agenda and was always sure to never reveal more than a few cards in his hand at one time. While Tony knew him to be loyal to the now obsolete Hapsburgs, he didn’t know why Farkas had an interest in Stefen and his activities, or what he’d do with the information that Tony suspected the children’s illnesses might be exaggerated.
“You’re not going Tony.” Steve insisted and Tony answered without pause, as if he’d been expecting Steve to say the words before Steve even finished saying them.
Stefen fell silent and Tony could see his gaze had gone somewhere distant, and Tony suspected it was back to cold mountain tops. And he knew suddenly, that he didn’t want Stefen to go there anymore, but if there was no preventing it (and Tony sadly thought there wasn’t) he didn’t want him to go it alone.
"I don't think we can even get to the counter," Bruce remarked, warily eyeing the crowd of bodies blocking the ticket booth.
Vonkov’s mouth had fallen open in a silent O of astonishment. Tension thrummed tightly throughout Steve’s body as he stared the man down and he saw a hint of fear behind his eyes. The table wasn’t so wide that Steve couldn’t reach him before he was stopped and Vonkov realized it.
“You’re back! I didn’t know you were coming back today! How come you didn’t –” Admittedly he was babbling and Tony was thankful when Stefen cut him off by stepping up close, placing a firm hand on the back of his sweaty neck and hauling him into a kiss. Tony instantly got on board with it, heart pounding happily in his chest as he returned the kiss, hands flying to grasp Stefen’s face and deepen it. He was unable to keep the smile off his mouth or stop the desperate way his fingers grasped Stefen’s cheeks, even if he was leaving dirty streaks there.
“Are you happy to be going back to Vienna?”
“My sister has two children.” The General informed him almost wistfully and Steve blinked, surprised by the sharp turn in the conversation. It had the effect of being doused with water, leaving you shaking and unsteady.
The perpetrator of his rude awakening was one Clinton Barton, a novice at the abbey. Perched gingerly in the rafters above Tony’s head, the odd child was throwing pebbles at his head and peering down at Tony with a mischievous smirk like one of those exotic creatures you read about in adventure magazines.  Grumpily, Tony began the business of waking up and stretching his protesting back – yes he was getting much too old for nights spent stooped over floors or workbenches – glaring at Barton all the while.
Schmidt was playing a new game with new rules it seemed.
“No more of that!” Tony snapped in warning. “If you lot can’t behave yourselves we won't be doing this again. I have many other things I could be doing with my time.”
– and only responded when Tony slapped his hands away from his soldering iron.
"However, as a devoted man of the cloth so driven by compassion, I am confident you will find it within you somehow." Stefen far too confidently returned. He motioned toward Pepper who nodded a quick acknowledgment before sheparding Péter and Anya away. They still looked frightened but this time both followed without complaint.
Stevie was missing out on something special, Bucky thought as he cleared his mind of his dark musings, allowing himself to enjoy the moment for what it was as he listened to Steve’s children sing, Stark directing them.
Smiling in the dark, Tony leaned into the gentle stroke of Stefen’s palm against his cheek and murmured, “Yes, Captain.”
The girl giggled even as she scooted. Natacha arched a red brow at him.
"If I can help it."
“The book is not stupid to Ian, and if destruction was not your intent what is it you expected to happen when you threw it?”
“What you said the other night. When father was here. Susopids!”
"Oh, Stefen. How good of you to drop by," Charlotte exclaimed as she extended her hand, tone suggesting they hardly ever saw each other. He supposed that was honest. Her smile stayed friendly enough, though there was a hint of strain around the edges.
Steve woke with a start his mind instantly awake and panicking. Pale violet light lite swept across the room. Over on the sofa Bucky shifted in his sleep and slowly Steve began to relax.
Both men looked startled to hear the other speak, gazes snapping together once more and coming to some mutual decision within seconds.
The woods were dark and scary, but Ian kept moving. He wasn’t scared. Well, not scared enough to stop. Da wouldn’t have stopped. The sled was heavy, but not any heavier than the sandbags he and Da used at the villa to keep their strength up. Ian couldn’t carry the biggest one for very long, but he was glad now that he’d practiced with it over short distances.
He could hardly make out what more was being said, but a moment later he could hear the distinct murmur of Harold’s voice and then an altogether too loud giggle from Tony.
“Hmm, well there’s some left-over roast I’d sliced up for Gunter, and that loaf of rye I was going to include with super. We’ve also some potatoes I could throw on for a soup.” She mused aloud, already bustling toward the bread box. Ian followed, eager to help as she loaded supplies into his arms.
“You'll do it with or without me and someone’s gotta teach you how to be covert.” Bucky answered; frowning down at his cup he muttered, “I think this calls for stronger stuff.”
"It is necessary,” Rogers insisted in return.
“But did they catch the men who did it?” Steve demanded to know, begging silently that the man would answer no.
There was a little gold leaf sticking out of James’ hair, guilty expressions on all of their faces, and Steve did not see Natacha with them.
“I don’t know.” Péter had answered honestly with a shrug. “It’s better for the others isn’t it, to know there’s a chance? Would you miss him less Tacha if you did know?”
Bucky drained the rest of the coffee and waved Kurt over.
She dropped her keys into Hogan’s outstretched palm without further acknowledging his existence as Hammer stepped forward with chest puffed out and arm raised in salute.
It was with that thought in mind that Tony slowly reached for the captain, whose eyes were still shuttered and pained, but who for whatever reason did not flinch away from his touch as Tony rested his hand gently upon his arm.
Steve swallowed thickly, air catching and sticking in his throat when he attempted speech; but that was good because he couldn’t think of a single thing to say. Words were not enough. Except… maybe… a name, his name, floating up like a reflection in a pool of water. That could be enough.
“That was why I joined the army. It was about gaining a little power for myself as much as anything else. A name. A place in the world, even if it cost so much I wanted to be a citizen. Especially if it meant keeping myself and the people I loved alive and giving them a better life. It’s responsibility that gives power to a man. You can do great things, when you do them for others."
Tony saw that he needed help. There was no help for soldiers when they came home from war. Tony saw how he was struggling, we all did, but he was the only one not frightened of it. It was always “Yes Captain, Yes Captain”, but then Tony came along and he’d go, “oh you’ve made a mess of it now” or “have you thought about trying it this way”. [To Natacha] Do you remember the fights they’d get into?
It seemed to him one moment they were down in the lobby waiting for the arrival of the elevator and the next they were walking through the doors of the elegant double suite that was to be theirs for the duration of their stay.
Happy 4th of July, fellow Americans, and for everybody else well I hope you had a fantastic evening just the same. All our love! In honor of the birth of our fine (hot mess) of a country we bring you this update.
That sounded like Dvorak’s cue to leave. He’d done what he could for Rogers. Beating the fever again was between him and his maker. His chances did not look good, but it was certainly a more merciful death to go this way. Rogers could join his wife, and his new fiancé would not struggle to find comfort elsewhere. Yes. Best all around.
“Unofficially, the HMS Avenger will also carry a specialized team hand selected by M19 and comprised of special operatives,
He nodded and Steve watched Péter bolt up the stairs, his ruck sack nearly spilling over, calling for Natacha before he even got the door open.
“I was not!” he insisted. “I was coming to visit Brother Stark. Is that a crime
“I don’t know, Tacha, it was really bad this time.” Péter hedged bravely. “You weren’t there, you didn’t see what we saw.”
Ian out of all of them probably had it best in the Young Folk. It was the second tier in the boy's programs, where boys from ages ten to thirteen started making the transition from young boys playing at war to young men training for it.
"It's poison!" Tony snapped in reply, barely resisting the urge to kick the back of the driver's seat. It was not Hogan’s fault modern science's discovery of arsenics highly lethal toxicity hadn't quite trickled down to the mass market. The stuff was in more household products than Tony cared to think about at the moment, and manufacturers were notoriously slow to let go of good materials, even when they proved dangerous.
“It’s a song for when you’re feeling bad.” Tony explained. “When I had trouble sleeping my mother would sing to me about her favorite things.”
There was a stab of pain in Stefen's chest at the thought.
“Buck, I'll be in the-” Steve began.
“I told you to stay near them!” Steve all but shouted into the silence.
“Oh right. I forgot that everything of value ever produced is Germanic in origin and copied by others. How silly of me.” Tony drawled.
“Fifteen.” She replied matter of factly as she watched the shops pass by her window. “He thinks himself such a big man. He says that he’s going to become S.S. and be second only to the Führer.”
“You don't ever think about anyone else! You're so selfish!” he hollered and to Ian’s dismay, hot stinging tears were pooling in his eyes. He wiped the away furiously frustration with himself, stringing his insides taught.
The children were growing more brown as the days passed. Ian, Péter and Maria were all displaying freckles Tony had declared adorable over their biology lesion a few days ago. Only Maria had found it charming. Natacha had seemed positively horrified. Sun and color was a good look on all of them. Stefen himself had begun to look less like the swallow faced man he’d first encountered what seemed like a lifetime ago, his skin favoring a swarthy golden color. Bronzing in the summer sun he looked about as far from that carved statue Tony had met a few months ago as he'd ever been. He looked made for sunshine and wild grass.
The look in her eyes was a bit perplexed, but her mouth tilted in a small smile and she shifted closer to him, leaning back into the cradle of his chest. She smelled like home, like bread and wool. Like she’d woken every morning of her life before this to make bread, tend house, and knit jumpers. The discomfort of being touched faded to the background as he concentrated fiercely on that scent.
They walked along the beach, about forty minutes to Steve’s estimation until turning inward and heading deeper into the city. There was a part of Steve who still recognized the beauty of his surroundings, even in the warm Mediterranean rain Nice was a city of beauty that was hard to rival, but it was spoiled by all of the signs of war – there if you knew where to look for them. The blacked-out and boarded windows to hide residences at night from bombing aircrafts. The residences standing empty, men off to the front lines and those left behind moving further inland for safety. The stillness of everything, as if the city had lost all its life and vitality.  What had Luzzato called it? Oh yeah. A damn waste.
"Is there a reason you thought to try something so stupid?" he asked quietly and Stefen took a deep breath in and out, his chest billowing under Tony as he looked up and met his gaze again. Stefen’s eyes were full of regret, but it was the fear in them that Tony wished he could banish.
Steve wiped at his neck, sweat dripping into the gap of his shirt collar. He wished they would hurry with Sam, there were too many bodies, not enough air. There was never enough air.
Steve huffed out a slow breath, letting it turn into a growl on the way out.
A gloomy silence hung heavy in the car for the first hour, only interrupted by the occasional sniff or shuffle from the children in the back. Normally he'd be grateful for the quiet, but that morning he could have used a distraction from the tension he couldn't seem to be rid of. Would Stark really risk his life to abduct the Major’s children from their own family? Why? Surely, he wouldn't do something so senseless when he'd been offered a chance not only to retain his freedom but to do a greater good?
He squeezed her hand and forced himself to rise out of the chair, his bones creaking in protest with every movement from sleeping in such an uncomfortable position. He tucked the pistol in his lap out of sight and motioned his head toward the fireplace.
“Can Maria and Tony come too? I want them to but not Sara, she's too little.”
Grig did not speak for a long time. He and Tony sat in silence, thinking their own thoughts, the only sounds those of the distant waves and Stefen’s panted grunts for breath.
“Sara, honey, your legs are tired-”
The tube was removed. The scraping in his throat as it was drawn up seemed to go on for an eternity.
But, as it turned out, eight years old was old enough to know that one needed a relatively equal amount of shirts and trousers in ones luggage, but young enough to forget the importance of underthings, and it was best just to assume that the nuances between day clothes and Sunday clothes were completely lost.
Steve trailed off as Maria drew in an excited breath, eyes going round as dinner plates. He could see her trembling against Tony’s side, pent to burst with excitement and Tony gave him a ‘now you’ve done it’ look.
“They are to march the grounds every morning for a half hour, breathing deeply. Then quickly to their studies, sciences and maths until noon followed by supper, then German literature, Frau Hogan has a list of approved material, choose whatever you like. History, economy and the rest is to be carried out in the evening.” The long list of instructions finished, the captain slipped his hand into his pocket producing a silver whistle. He slipped it back and forth between his fingers, absently.
“When are you gonna start cutting back?” Stefen fished into his suit pocket and held out a square. “These don't come cheap you know.”
“I have nothing for you little Grandfather,” Bucky shooed the animal with a fleeting moment of amusement before continuing his search. A little more digging and Bucky turned up a tin cup buried partly in the straw.
it. She’s dead.”
Others would assume too he realized. A mob couldn’t be counted on to reason.
“Herr Stark gave us permission to question authority.”
Tony’s heart sank into his stomach with guilt, realizing the lateness of the hour. He was late, just like yesterday.
“Not a trick,” Tony denied softly. “A lesson.”
“It's too hot, vati.” Artur leaned into the arm Steve had rested on the brim of the tub, looking up with tired miserable eyes.
Natacha’s favorite room in the house really, used to be the music room. But they hadn’t been allowed in there after her mother died. She liked her father’s study now. It was quiet and it smelled like him.
Steve eyed the droplets, waiting for them to spill. His stomach cramped at the vivid memory of swollen bodies.
her father.
He was sick but did not feel it and no amount of arguing with his father ever changed his mind about sending him to one of Hilter’s schools. Privately Péter thought that was because his father didn’t want to know the doctor was wrong. He wanted Péter to be labeled an invalid so that he wouldn’t have to fight, even if he himself was going to have to. Because his father didn’t believe Péter could be as brave or as strong as he was.
Perhaps it is a bit silly. One does not even have to ask.  I -
Her wild wide eyes met his for a moment, searching him with a penetrating stare that made him feel as if she could peel back the layers of his skin and see right inside his head before slowly nodding.
Bucky listened with half an ear as he gestured for one of the men to fetch the first aid kit, or what they’d managed to scrap together to resemble one and pulled Jann over to the table.
"I appreciate that Natacha," he was sure to tell her, so incredibly fond in that moment he had a hard time figuring out how to tell her, besides to smile and hope she knew.  “But don’t risk your health. Short visits, and if they need anything longer or show signs of worsening you fetch Virginia immediately. You hear me?”
They simply stared at one another, the seconds crawling by.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natacha looked aloof, staring through the crowd as if she didn’t see them at all as she led the line of her younger siblings. Tony thought Artur was going to burst with excitement and that Ian might fall over at any moment he was standing so stiff. But none of them beat Maria, who seemed to have been taken over by the spirit of some seasoned diva eight times her age. The shy little girl who clung to her brother’s side and rarely spoke disappeared. She walked out on stage like a princess at court, graceful and practiced, ready to be admired.
"No one can escape God's justice," he said, meeting the man's steely grey gaze. He hoped to God he sounded as pious as he was sure the real Cardinal Rossi must. "Not even men like us."
“Just Péter?” he asked, his mouth tilting in a small private smile as Tony struggled to hide how anxious he was. It was fascinating to watch the emotions move across his face, to recognize the moment when he rallied his defenses and came back with as good as he was getting.
“-to highlight that nothing has changed in Salzburg.” Virginia sighed, and Steve realized she’d still been reading Striker’s letter.
Steve mumbled a hasty apology through his gritted teeth and raised his eyes back to Mueller who hadn’t moved. An unruffled smirk around the set of his mouth.
Tony’s brow furrowed in confusion. It was true, the country was on the brink of war but he hardly understood what the Rogers children needed protecting from. They were Austrian (German now), wealthy, and as Aryan as it came. He could not help the surge of anger he felt and barely resisted the urge to bite out that the Rogers children were not the ones with something to fear (not the ones slowly watching the value of their lives deplete as the wolves sharpened their knives for the hunt). Frau Hogan must have seen something of his feeling in his eyes because she stepped away from him, something cold between them now.
"What happened?" Tony couldn't help but ask with a slight sneer given Bakhuizen's reputation. "Young love didn't last?"
“The apartments are simple, so don’t expect nothin fancy but they’re clean. I’ve had my girl Alise in here cleaning nonstop since the police gutted the place. The Jews tried to hide their valuables in the pipes, thinking they was going to come back for em. You believe that? Poor bastards. Had to lower the damn rents due to the backed-up plumbing.”
The children giggled but did what they were told happily enough, even if Péter did depart with a roll of his eyes and a cheeky reply.
Tony brought the ax down, his chest heaving with exertion. The cracking of the wood was loud, ringing sharply through the thin air as the trunk of the tree teetered. They'd chosen a younger pine, stunted somewhat by its neighbors, but with mature enough wood for harvesting.
The monk barked out a humorless laugh, white teeth glinting.
Artur beamed at this prospect and Stefen looked somewhat taken back. Tony smiled. Stefen cleared his throat and began again with more confidence.
“You’re hurt,” she more accused than observed, her eyes roving over the cut on Ian’s face and narrowing suspiciously on Tony who was trying to hide how jelly his legs had gotten by leaning against the sled. His own bruises were less visible than Ian’s and he was thankful for that.
"Is that where you're from?" Péter asked curiously and she shook her head, mouth tightening in a dark scowl.
“This is science dear girl! A process of trial and error. Better reduce the needles to a single cup.”
Those things didn’t happen to them, couldn’t happen to them because they were on the right side. Herr Stark wasn’t, but he could be fired, he could go away. She could make him go away but it would all be for nothing if Father was himself disloyal.
“There’s nothing more dangerous. The Germans know that. Now that Austria has become a part of the Reichland it is only a matter of time before they insist the Captain take up an active post. Only this time it will be under a Nazi flag.”
James made a face at him and Tony grinned.
She liked him. He made her father smile and laugh and act like himself again. She’d tolerated him just for that at first, but it was far more complex than that now. She liked Tony for Tony. He challenged her where the other tutors had never bothered. He didn’t believe her when she said all she wanted was to be a proper young lady and get married soon. As frustrating as that was, it was, deep down, a relief. But not one she could afford to indulge in. It was Tony’s honesty and the way he demanded honesty from each of them in turn that was so dangerous.
“Father?” Ian asked, uncertain, and Stefen tightened his grip. Pleading with Stark silently as if the Angel of Death had appeared on the bank to demand he hand over his son. And he didn’t know how, but he could see it in Stark’s eyes that he understood. He knew.
German?” he whined, as if they weren’t currently speaking it.
“Yes. Stark,” Steve bit out “every last thing.”
It was tight and contemplative, fear mixed with something else, something he was clearly warring heavily with if the tense set of his shoulders was anything to go by.
Germany is deaf to these demands.
"He's a coward and a defector." Hammer sneered in reply.
His hands stroked over Tony’s arms, and then down his chest, making the beads rattle and the coins clink together as he passed over them. His hands continued down until they reached where Tony’s slacks hung around his hips. Tony gasped, a deep shudder going through him as Steve’s hand hovered there, his touch increasingly desperate as he stared into Tony and breathed his name against Tony’s lips like it was an oath and a plea all rolled into one.
He did however glance down once more at the stack of sketches Steve had finished with an appraising eye, before fixing Steve with a pointed stare that made him want to fidget like Artur caught sneaking sweets. Thankfully he was better than that.
"If there was any way we could help we would, but there is nothing for you here. Do you understand?"
"No. It's not. This is not something I want to discuss right now." Stefen growled, barely sparing the child a glance as he continued to stare hard at Charlotte. She stared right back, jaw clenched stubbornly. Let him be angry if he must be. One of them must do what needed doing.
He had to stop this, he reasoned with himself. He was still recovering and hurting himself on top of things would be foolish.
Steve coughed again, his throat ripping anew with the violence of it and he thrust the blanket away, struggling out of it as he choked and gasped for air. When the fit had subsided enough, Steve looked up at the pair from where he knelt, the blanket drooping over his shoulders.
Steve didn’t know what day Tony was born. He thought about it all day. He’d thought about it while they crossed the city on foot to Maria’s home, and set it aside upon learning that a response to the letter they’d sent the tailor had finally come.
“I know I’m an ass. With both of us so hard headed you’d think I’d have come up with a better strategy by now for getting your attention. What do you think, should I have worn a negligée, put kohl on my eyelashes?”
“Are you suggesting a traitor ought to be kept from justice because you want to study his bowels? Pick another subject Herr Doctor!”
Ian’s gaze went from confused to worried as Péter made no further attempts to keep moving.
“It’s fine.” Steve responded even though it wasn’t. Hammer seemed the picture of apologetic now, and he wondered if he’d only imagined the tone he’d thought he’d heard.
Natacha strolled past, a handful of little white flowers in her hand. She handed one of fragile things to Sara who promptly began to take it apart with glee.
“I was walking in the garden and got caught in the storm,” the boy explained through chattering teeth. His skinny frame was practically vibrating with chills and Tony immediately thought of his heart condition.
He sat there, breathing, but he only dropped his hands when enough time had passed that he was sure the mania would not return.
“Oh dear.” On Tony’s left Sara whined softly in distress.
Tony’s gut clenched, watching in horror as Hammer and Cameron hoisted the thing up until the thick black swastika slowly unfurled in the center of the hall where it demanded every eye in the room. He had the sudden and violent urge to set the thing on fire.
He imagined Tony's mouth all over him, teeth and tongue peppering his ribcage, his shoulders. His hands on his back, caressing, nails digging in. Steve moaned, rolling onto his stomach at the thought of Tony's clever tongue leaving a hot strip over his abdomen, and rutted into the bed, fingers of one hand bunching into the sheets, choking on a whimper.
“Get your things, we’re leaving as soon as I finish with my bags”  Steve instructed, though in truth all he wanted was find his way to his bed.
Tony clamped his mouth shut and Bruce lowered his head, resumed his work on the dying man. Wordlessly Tony stepped closer, grabbing the man’s jerking limbs as he attempted to thrash against the pain as Bruce pried open the wound and dug inside with a pair of tweezers. His hands quickly grew slick with blood as he began to pull bullet fragments from the bloody wound on the priest’s chest.
A moment later Julia appeared around the corner, her step faltering when she spotted them. Maybe she’d seen and maybe she hadn’t. Maybe it was just the tense atmosphere and guilty expressions plastered all over their faces that gave her pause.
Which meant that Dvorak was all that was standing between him and freedom.
“You lost your mind or somethin?” Clint questioned, pale brows arched dubiously. “What was that gibberish?”
“Ian. Are you going to stand there all day or help me hold this salmon I found?”
The washroom door opened and Steve stepped through, already in his morning clothes, his hair neatly combed and parted. You'd have no idea he had been somewhere outside of his mind the night before, not a hair was out of place to suggest he'd unraveled.
All our love.
Steve’s smile slipped away.
So she needed a starting point. Because she's not a super spy who has been through the Red Room. Before death touches the family and her childhood is stripped away she's a twelve-year-old girl and not just any, she's Steve and Peggy's twelve-year-old girl, so what does that look like?
Tomatoes. Péter read, reaching for a large jar full of juicy plums in the back with a sense of triumph despite his skepticism. At least the soup would help keep his father hydrated.
But then it happened. It shouldn’t have. Tony should have just been one more slash of brown in a moving sea of them, but perhaps that just wasn’t Tony’s way; because as Steve’s eyes passed over the crowd once more, they were drawn to a man in a brown coat carrying a worn satchel slung over one shoulder. He wore a cap on his head, but the way a wave of dark hair curled over one ear resonated, as familiar as church bells calling for mass.
“Very good.” Neuman beamed down at him. “You’ll report for training in Hamburg immediately, with an escort of course. You-”
“They’re just girls. They could never beat a team of men."
"Absolutely not. This is not a game Tony."
When Tony entered, Steve looked up from where he and Péter were hammering plugs into the floor. Tony was glad to see that the others had been able to follow his instructions and muck through well enough without him. Even James was holding down a plank, leaning into it with all his body weight, trying to keep water from seeping between the boards while Ian hammered in nails with a pot. Tony shot them a reassuring smile before his attention was caught by Natacha, who had obviously found the chests with the emergency supplies. She waved a heavy iron and brass pump in her hand, the long stretchy hose line coiled in the other, her eyebrows quirked upward in question.
“Did you hear his clearance codes?” Tony asked, rising to his feet. Stefen followed him, his gaze sharp in a way that told Tony he had already guessed what he was thinking. Luzzato nodded a tad hesitantly.
“As a visible sign of gratitude of the German nation to children-rich mothers, I establish this Cross of Honor of the German Mother, to be awarded to genetically fit, politically reliable, and socially worthy German mothers.” -Adolf Hitler, December 1938
“Jacob volunteered.”
Ian nodded vigorously.
“No. I suppose not.” Tony agreed quietly, caressing the curve of Stefen’s bicep gently with his thumb. “Are you feeling better now?”
"Georg and Sophie don't want them," he finally bit out and Charlotte scoffed.
Shock rocketed through Steve at Tony’s cavalier attitude. Vonkov had beaten him? A rap or two across the knuckles in the school room was expected, but to make a child bleed?
"Truck never made it to the check point. I found it and another still smoking in a crater. No bodies left at the site."
“You were not expected, but luck is on your side.” he said as he waved them into the room closet to the kitchen doors, behind which Steve could hear the muffled voices of women and the clanging of pans. There were three empty beds, and the two others were occupied by the brothers they had sailed with. The pair acknowledged them with tired smiles.
"No. She always sleeps with it. We looked for it to pack but no one could find it. We have to go back!" The others began to lift their voices in agreement, offering a ridiculously long list of items that had been left behind that they apparently couldn't live without.
“Captain
He left Tony and Ian then, his human scarf trailing behind. Ian had not seemed bothered by his departure, concentrating hard as he was on his tasked. Back and forth. Back and forth.
“Now I’m intrigued. Is it a garter? I’ve worn one before, but I’ll admit I never expected you to partake in such delights.”
Stefen slid a plate of sausage in front of him and Bucky stared at it for a long moment before giving in and snatching one up. No use being hungry and miserable, he thought, letting the burst of flavor settle on his tongue before swallowing it. They’d sold their souls for this feast, so they might as well feast.
Nonna used to kiss him and sigh as she stroked his cheek. She’d always looked so sad as she’d called him her little
He nodded again and was gone without a backwards glace before Bucky could stop him. Bucky stared at the seat Steve had vacated dejectedly, hands clenching and unclenching in his lap.
Tony was so quick and clever, surely, between the two of them they could keep the children clothed and fed. Steve thought they could do anything as long as they were together.
. “We all deserve a better world. But it doesn’t happen unless we make it happen. We need to trust on another, to help one another.”
“Are they experimenting on people? Trying to create
“The boats have dried,” Tony heard himself announce and the quiet chatter between Bakhuizen and the children dwindled. James and Artur sat up straighter in their seats, already eager for what they hoped he’d say next. Tony didn’t disappoint them.
Péter had spent so many days cooped up in the house since he’d returned from his misadventure that Tony expected him to jump at the chance to spend a night or two at Harry’s. Truthfully, he didn’t expect to see the boy again until Christmas demanded it, but he was surprised to find Péter sitting alone in the kitchen the very next morning, just a few hours past breakfast.
"What about Tony and Uncle Bucky? We can't leave without them!"
There was a feeling of magic surrounding them both as pictures Peggy Rogers had taken in her last year of life slowly came into being. Péter's mother appeared to have no liking for the sober poses that were popular for the day. A blurred image of Natacha, hanging from a tree in the garden by her knees, still managed to capture her wide smile and the missing tooth in the front of her mouth. He and Péter both laughed out loud when they saw it. It was a revelation to realize that the unfamiliar woman rocking a very young James in another photo was Péter’s grandmother, and he had to swallow back a ball of emotion as a picture of the entire family appeared. One of the staff must have taken it because Stefen was sitting on a picnic blanket, his mother on one side and Peggy on the other, the children spread across their laps. Smiles on all their faces and the lake at their back.
Fennhoff bent down, one hand on James and Artur’s shoulders as he said something that caused the group of children to snicker. The hair on the back of Steve’s neck rose on end, eyes locked on the large hands laying on the shoulders of his sons.
Up next: The Rogers family + one Stark go camping and learn lots about nature, boats, and swimming. Tony might not be the best spy but he's pretty sure Steve's an even worse Nazi. Also those mushy feelings just get mushier. Which is sort of a big problem because Natacha's a better Nazi than her father and Frau Werner is coming to tea.
Steve took a very deep breath.
His seat was perfectly positioned to be gawked at, every inch scrutinized, and to catch every word aimed like arrows from every direction. Questions shot so fast toward him at times, he couldn't keep up. Every probing glance, and shark toothed smile aimed him crawling over his skin like creeping insects until it was hard not to twitch and start swatting at his skin. He was at a disadvantage in this arena and they all knew it.
“Yes, we’ll need to pour concreate over the floors and line the walls in brick.” Tony answered.
“Tony’s hurt. We shouldn't have hard things for Tony to bump into.”
Tony watched in silence as the lieutenant placed Stefen into the restraints and his comrade marched the captain down the stairs. Harold pulled Pepper back against the wall so that they could pass and when the unflappable housekeepers face began to crumple, he pulled his wife into his arms and held her.
“Ian,” Tony prompted, warning clear in his voice.
He was considering kicking the damned thing down when the noise inside abruptly cut and a moment later Tony swung the door open, his mouth set in an irritated scowl and his tone snapping with impatience as he glowered, “What! Stefen I’-”
He sighed.
he urged himself. His own heart was beating strongly in his chest like it was drumming along to the songs in his head.
But he didn't crumble. The pain was there and then it was gone as he retreated further behind his walls, all expression bleeding from his face.
Bahkuizen had accused him of cowardice, but that was just the pot calling the kettle black. Everything that dog did was out of the fear of losing his precious family. ‘Famila’ he called it, or some other foreign nonsense. Bahkuizen must have seen his own fate in Dvorak’s face, because Dvorak was dead. He’d accepted that the day his girls had been taken. Some men reserved their suicide for private spaces. Others preferred to perform in public and call it a rescue attempt.
Steve felt a small bit of relief at that. There was time still to prepare, to speak with Natacha before she was thrown to the wolves… though any relief that Steve felt was quickly swallowed by guilt because he did not know what he would say to his daughter to explain what he needed from her. Too much information would put her in danger, but his silence left her to draw her own conclusions. How confused she must be.
“We were all in place. Ready for it. We could have ended it all, but Chamberlin backed down at the last moment and made a deal with the Führer. The coup was called off.”
[interrupting]
“Honestly? I don’t know what to think. It’s unclean isn’t it? Can’t say I like thinking about it.” Bucky grunted and Steve flinched.
“Yes. But there was a time when we were stronger and the Führer demands that we be so again. General Schmidt informed us that you might be of some help.”
He didn't know why he felt so compelled to eat when they brought him things. Maybe it was because when he'd been sick as a child, his mother would sit beside him, spooning him food from her own bowl. Somehow it was more of the same; when Tony sat beside his bed and fed him soup, or Natacha came with cake and coffee, he could almost hear his mother's coins tinkling, smell the lavender she liked to wash with as she told him it was time to eat now.
Ian knew that wasn't true, but whatever father had in him that made him the way he was, he didn't want it. Ian knew this without a doubt because sometimes, sometimes he felt it was in him too. No one wanted to feel trapped in their head… but sometimes it was hard not to be.
"But it worked right, on the rats?" Péter asked, biting his lip, and Tony almost couldn't bear to look at the desperate hope on his face. He swallowed with difficulty as the automobile bumped along the unpathed road.
“Stefen Rogers.”
“General, more people are arriving. Should we clear them out?” an officer asked, eyeing the crowd gathered behind the fence with unease. But Schmidt just waved him away, proving Dvorak’s point. What was a show without an audience after all?
“You can count on me.” The vehemence in his own voice took him by slight surprise.
~*~*~*~
"There she goes." Richter called from the deck when the last bit of resistance suddenly gave way and nearly sent Tony and Lucas toppling.  They caught each other before they could fall over and get swept away by the current.
“Nooooooooo” James whined, the sound scraping across Tony's nerves. “Tony I can't.”
“I’ll say one thing, he’s right bout Czechoslovakia.” Zimmerman commented suddenly and there was a collective groan accompanied by load protests from the others.
“Yes. You’re trying to hide something.” Steve was certain. “What is it?”
The morning had dawned clear and bright, the kind of early spring morning that men longed for. Winter had a few weeks left in it yet, but the promise of spring felt like a mockery to Henrick Dvorak. His world had collapsed inward, and yet the sun still rose and bathed him in warmth as if to remind him of the many long days still left to him. Without his child. Without his woman.
He rubbed his chest trying to keep his breathing down. He rubbed over his skin, maping over flesh and bone as he grounded himself in the moment. He was here, in the dark of his room. Not back in the snow, staring down at the body.
The beds were coming along nicely. He’d ventured out briefly to collect wood, and the children had helped Tony strip and rub down it down to chop into long planks. He’d made two simple frames, which once the netting was finished, he’d prop up on four trunk legs. A rope bed was hardly a technical marvel, but just having something productive to occupy their time seemed to be brightening the children’s spirits. James being the most drastic example.
“They’re gone.” Tony said, breath gusting outward with relief and Stefen nodded slowly, his posture not relaxing by any visible margin. Still, when he raised his hand and beckoned Tony toward him Tony went without question.  He stopped at Stefen’s shoulder and could not resist the urge to touch, the fingers of one hand ghosting across warm flesh, the cotton shirt he wore a thin but no less hateful barrier.
Péter finished his little speech and looked up at him, mouth set stubbornly but so much longing for understanding in his eyes that Tony’s heart ached. He was so goddamn young. And so right.
~*~*~
“We need to be there Buck,” Steve grunted, pushing the vehicle a tad faster. “Striker didn’t choose Dottie by chance.”
~*~*~
He didn't have to be looking at Natacha (or Péter for that matter) to know that they were wearing identical looks of incredulity.
“You mean after you’ve risked your life to extract your friends from Dachau and exhausted every last option to save Austria?”
At the abbey when the nightmares would get particularly bad for Tony he used to do whatever he could not to sleep; which usually meant long hours in the workshop. Brother Bruce used to bring him food. Sometimes he’d eat it. Usually not.
It was just too bad for the Rogers that it was a Stark family trait to poke, prod, and tweak. Especially when no one had asked for it.
"I had heard he graduated with honors. Was that part true, sir?" Becker asked.
This was so stupid! James was being so-
"Can I help you?" the monk asked in a vaguely sharp tone designed to make those who heard it wilt and Péter unconsciously shifted closer toward Tony.
But father wasn’t here and Péter was right. If Tony didn’t come back, Ian and his siblings would be alone. They might not survive. They needed Tony, but that didn’t mean Tony wasn’t right too. They needed each other right now.
With a click of his jaw Steve nodded jerkily at Dr. Ehrhandt who had fixed him with a curious expression. Her face was plain and unassuming, dark rimmed glasses and short hair made her look like she was just entering university instead of someone heading a research team.
“Susann, be thankful you’re not involved.” He kept his voice low, as not to startle the others, but she heard the danger in it.
“The rest of your father’s personal fortune is tied up in the company. You are entitled to it, but retrieving it won’t be a simple affair.” Pavlok warned. “I doubt Mr. Stanislov will want to relinquish it without a fight. You have the legal high ground as it were, but you’ve given me the impression that you wish to remain out of the public eye.”
That night Steve had taken the family to the opera and sat together with the prince and his wife had been the only night Thor could be free of his brother and the other officials they traveled with.  He’d reaffirmed his promise to supply Steve and his network with weapons, funds, and safe passage through Norway, in exchange for a single promise from Steve.
"Oh I will," Péter promised, jauntily saluting. "Heil Hitler!"
“It's boring when you complain James.” Péter called back over his shoulder with a roll of his eyes. “You're too little. You can't carry Artur, the supplies, and keep up.”
He’d tried to raise a good man hadn’t he? Would he take any of it back now? Even if it meant Péter would always be safe at home with never a thought of putting himself in danger, would he really want him to be less than what Steve himself had always tried to be?
When Captain Rogers had picked her up that night she’d been expecting Péter and Natacha to be tagging along since she’d been the one to suggest bringing them in the first place. But it had become clear at the first sight of the (very) full car that met her at her door that he’d misunderstood her to mean that he should bring all
It was exhausting fluctuating between high alert every time an armored truck or a police vehicle went by, and mind numbing endless boredom.
*~*~*
Tony blinked, taken aback by the order as Bakhuizen heaved, lifting Stefen up and shouldering him towards his bed.
Wanda paused to make a funny face and startled a laugh out of Péter, who was amazed to see the girls mouth stretch in the closest thing he'd seen to a smile in all the time she’d been with them. Smiling she continued.
And Tony had taken the whole thing apart.
“But why couldn’t they have stayed here?” James whined.
Ian watched the mail boy peddle away from the house. The wind picked up, tossing his hair and ruffling the delivery boy’s satchel. He shivered despite the warmth of the day and glanced back toward Artur who had paused, still holding one of their makeshift barometers, watching the boy on the bicycle along with him and James. They were far enough out in the yard that the delivery boy’s retreating back didn’t disappear until he rounded the corner a few moments later.
“Gotta be vandals I hear. I know that can’t be James runnin his mouth.”
Through the reflection in the window he eyed the black car, and the agent sitting at the wheel who had set aside all pretense and was watching him unabashedly now.  Time to go.
“A tutor Stark. You will give the children lessons. They have other staff to see to their upkeep.”
Underneath the sound of blood rushing in his ears Steve heard the creak of a floorboard. It took his addled brain a moment to recognize the sound for what it was. The tread of a foot.  He wasn’t alone in the room.
That seemed to snap Bucky out of it, his gaze locking on Tony and the others and doing a rapid count before he turned and leaped back into the driver’s seat of the truck. Tony ran around to the passenger’s side as the others piled into the open back.
Now, more than he ever had, Tony wished he’d been allowed a proper Chanukah. Just one. Then he could have lit them, and then it might have meant something after everything the Reich had done. There would still have been lights.
Shakily Steve got on his feet, lifting Sara up with him.
As Kurt approached their table Bucky cheered loudly in German and clapped Steve on the shoulder, turning toward Kurt he boomed, “We're celebrating, Dobas! Bring out the orange cream and liquor.”
"He is. I thought you liked him. I know he has no issue with you."
Perhaps then, it was indifference itself that he had grown so weary of. He’d been weaned on it and he may very well die by it but he’d be damned if he accepted it without protest; especially from children (these ones in particular).
Yes, he could see now that perhaps stocking up on his own much needed tools and supplies had been over ambitious when cycling with four children under the age of nine.
“I was alone and the world was at war. The bombs would shake the abbey walls whenever there was a raid. And I used to just lay there, wishing they’d just land on us… because then I might see my mother again…” Tony swallowed thickly and looked away from the penetrating blue of the captain’s eyes. It was too hard to get through with such intense focus fixed upon him.
Not for the first time, Deiter found himself cursing the Major and fighting the desire to go to the prison just so he could shake the man. Of all the things he'd thrown away, the love of a faithful woman was by far the worst. Even now, when any other woman would be crying foul and putting as much distance between herself and the Major as possible, Baroness Schrader only talked of her grief for his mistreatment and her staunch belief that Major Rogers would only ever act in a way that was in the best interest of the people. And she was here now, taking care of his children even though there was no longer any hope they'd ever be married.
Smirking Clinton swung himself off of the table and dashed for the door as if he expected Tony to make good on his word and chase after him with something sharp. He was up the ladder and leaping off the edge of the loft before Tony could really blink, and even though the boy caught and swung himself back into the rafters with the effortless grace of a circus performer Tony couldn’t help but cringe.
Tony changed into his robes in the washroom of the station, covering their vibrant red with a dark coat as not to draw unwarranted attention to himself.  The station seemed uncommonly busy for a morning in midweek. Everywhere he looked there were people with trunks, trying to leave the city. Many of them he noticed bore the star of David stitched upon their sleeves.
Tony soaked it in just the same, grateful for what it was. He doubted he'd see many more sunrises from his prison cell.
“Thank you, Tony.”
It was the return of that deep resigned sadness in Nik’s voice that frightened him the most. Tony turned to glare at him.
Ian had started eating again and practiced his letters with Mama diligently every day, content with the unspoken promise in his hands. He’d still miss him, but Da always kept his word. He would be back, and when he was Ian would be ready to read to him. From then on, whenever Da left with the troops he’d send Ian a new book. Ian thought he’d forgotten the tradition after mama died.
But...
remembered Steve’s when a moment allowed, and these were not Tony’s children or Tony’s burdens. Someone should have cared to know the day and mark it. Steve should have.
Stefen caught Stark’s eye again and something passed between the two of them. Steve nodded and Stark smiled, if you could call it that. It was more like a resigned wince.
Péter looked up as Natacha closed the door to his room, a magazine tucked under her arm and two glasses of Fruchtschorle balanced on a tray.
Steve felt the hysteria coming back. He bit his lip, shoving it back down. Was this a trick? Or was she as crazy as he was?
There was an increased desperation since the Night of Glass, a white eyed fear in the faces of otherwise brave men and women. A ticking clock behind every breath.
Predictably, Péter’s eyes brightened and he perked up, immediately enthusiastic.
He didn’t want to be like that, Péter decided. Saying one thing and doing another.
“Alright then Mother, but truly, no one cares that we’re staying together. Why everyone knows Eva Braun – ”
~*~*~*~
“Captain.” Stark, to Steve’s eternal frustration, looked as if he wasn't sure if he wanted to laugh or not.
When Joshua clapped his hands together and rubbed them suggesting that they get started Tony was about to insist on offering his help when the man looked him up and down and said, “With you helping it will cut the time in half. I hope you’re good with your hands.”
“I think I am, aren’t I?”
Steve tightened his grip on the man he carried, pushing the thoughts away. He couldn’t worry about someone eles’s family right now, only his own. The group effort it had taken to bring the boat in had dimmed some of the shock from their near-death experience. Despite being waterlogged and weary, the children looked well enough on the surface, but they were too quiet.
"I’m going to get Péter a bird so he can fly here. I’ve got to find the right kind, but it’s in my book somewhere, I know it. It has all the animals," he explained proudly to Ian and James who left off glaring at each other long enough to see what Artur was so excited about.
Frauline Werner asked for a tour. Natacha took her around the villa and listened to all of her old stories about the house and Natacha’s mother. Frauline Werner liked that she listened, that Natacha was impressed by all the grand things that she’d done and the money she had.
Péter gritted his teeth at Tony’s silence, a tick forming in his jaw.
He would never. He couldn’t do that to Charlotte, was abhorred by the very idea of it. The feeling of sickness churning in his gut was shadowed by the image of Tony in his mind. God, Stefen would lose him, he was sure of it, and he wouldn’t blame Tony for getting as far away from all this, from
"Heil Hitler."
“Leave!” Steve ordered them sharply, firing another shot to underscore the command. “I will shoot you.” Every. Last. One. The boy’s must have seen it in his eyes because they scrambled, off to seek other prey. Steve kept his gun pointed at their backs, turning only slightly to look down at the boy hovering over Emma.
It felt uncharitable to think it. Dobas had a living to make as much as anyone, and not all the men in Steve’s unit had been as lucky as he was. He’d been decorated, paid handsomely for his contributions, and paraded like a hero to keep the civilians moral up while Austria rebuilt itself, while men like Dobas had been left to gather the pieces of their lives with next to nothing but their names.
“Hold on a minute. Firstly, yes in theory it is possible to create elements. But we’re no closer to simply creating what we need than we are from pulling them from nature, and while I am all in favor of not letting the fact that no one has done it before stop us, you seem to have forgotten that I receive a small salary which is hardly going to cover the expense of the materials, so money is in fact a huge deterrent.”
“I think I’ll wash.” He mumbled, beating a hasty retreat. He could feel cold eyes glaring into his back with every step and fearfully he wondered if Bakhuizen had seen them. No, he assured himself as he shut the door of the bedroom with a decisive click. They’d not done more than share looks and they’d separated before Bakhuizen had entered the room. Something else must be bothering him. It didn’t make him feel much better because Tony couldn’t shake the odd feeling that it had to be something to do with him.
“Thor, and I’ll hear no more of it.” Thor brought up a hand to halt the protest on Steve’s lips. “And you and your lovely companion must sit with us at dinner. I would hear more of your service.”
“Uncle James is never appropriate,” Natacha informed her with a dry look. “He says people should concern themselves only with being decent and never mind what people think is appropriate.”
"Which means that it should be able to pick up even the weakest signal, miles out." Tony answered, fiddling with the dials and almost on cue, the receivers in Stefen's ears crackled, and then a smooth voice was reading off a weather report. In English.
“They were trampled in a riot right?” Bucky asked and Kirk grimaced.
She was not interested very much in motherhood, but she took the duty seriously (as one should).  She found it easier to focus on her responsibilities as Stefen’s wife, a role she felt far more suited for and in truth anticipated with great eagerness.
The children really had taken to him.
Tony opened his mouth – to demand to know what that had been about, to defend himself (he’d never called the children stupid he would
She was wrong.
“That’s exactly why I don’t want them to. And Schmidt isn’t going to be happy I made plans that could interrupt his scheduled tour.”
“Ian.” Tony’s hands remembered gentleness as he touched Ian’s shoulder, and Ian looked at him eyes swimming. “Tacha really does need you. I’ll look out for your father.”
An unspoken conversation seemed to pass between the two for a long moment before she shook her head and politely declined, reaching for the door.
The disappointment all but sucked the air out of Tony’s chest. He didn’t have to look at the children to know they felt the same. Maria sniffled.
“A fact I’m sure you’re proud of,” Tony drawled just before turning to the next in line.
Steve sighed, his chest was so tight with anxiety he could feel the muscles click and shift over bone. He had a right to feel so miserably anxious and no right to complain. He deserved it. He’d neglected Charlotte these last few months and she wasn’t the type of woman above punishing him for it. As far as power moves went this wasn’t bad. It certainly made it obvious what she had in mind for him to do when she arrived.
There were two thin men with gaunt faces sitting in chairs opposite the lonely desk. Despite their peckish looks they both sprang to their feet at first sight of Tony and Clint, crossing themselves and folding trembling hands as they greeted him with such profound reverence Tony almost took a step backward.
Somewhere on a hazy summers day, where two boys played in a wood with their ears open for the sound of their mothers calling them home, the clanging of supper pots and the crackle of fire from the pit they cooked it in. Somewhere on an old uncle as he whistled, somewhere on cool green grass beneath bare feet and rolling hills covered in sweet white blooms.
“You mean after we stage a coup and hold Germany’s leader as a political prisoner?” Steve cocked his head. “Maybe.”
“So that’s the way of it then? Nothing I can say will make you see reason?”
“No.” he answered with a slow breath. “I am not going to tell your father, on one condition. You and I are going to a show. Not a word of complaint or the deal is off.”
“It was my choice. I didn’t need permission. But just so you know, he was against it-”
Charlotte arched a delicate eyebrow.
They were all here, but they were damp and their lips blue tinged so Tony’s second task was to get a fire going as soon as possible within the fireplace. Thankfully there was a dry stack of wood left over from whoever had last visited, and it wasn’t long before he and Bucky managed to get a flame going.
Tony’s voice shattered the illusion. It wasn’t Bucky sitting at his right hand, shoulder brushing his, it was Tony, who was looking at Steve with such softness despite the dark circles under his eyes. Trophies from the way Steve had undoubtably kept him up all night.
“Two-hundred-fifteen MEV.” Péter calculated correctly and Tony’s grin only widened with delight as the boy’s mouth fell open in awe. “Tony that’s… that kind of energy could – ”
"Stefen."
“No thank you, Kurt. Forgive James his crass nature. I'd say he was raised in a barn but you know that already.”
Tony swallowed his throat constricting as his heart throbbed painfully in his chest. It was a second before he could go on. “They’re all gone Farkas. I’m the last Jew left in Salzburg, all because my name is Stark. I think about them… How I sat in privilege, blinding myself to every sign that it was coming. It's blood on my hands. On all of us. I don’t fear God’s judgment. But I know I’m accountable for their fate either way.”
Then she turned and scuttled towards the baroness, affording only one glance back to the door of Rogers room. Her father’s room.
“But I know him too. I can beat him by allowing him to believe I am naive enough to hand him everything he wants. First my designs and my company, and then you when he inevitably goes back on the deal; but when he does betray me, he’ll be looking in the wrong direction. While he’s focused on Venice and Switzerland, we’ll be headed to meet up with the agent in Genoa and then on to France.” Tony finished with a heavy sigh. “I couldn’t risk going home if he had someone tailing me. Maria was going to send someone with a message in the morning.”
Ah. Tony thought with a strange twist of bitterness in his gut. Of course. That was the only reason Countess Schrader would have set foot in the Rogers household after all these years.
Steve turned his head towards the mountains hazy and blue against the sky and nodded slowly.
“Yes,” Nik’s reply was so final it stopped Tony cold. The Abbott pressed on a moment later. “The Reich is determined to stomp out resistance. And they’ve been successful with the use of spies infiltrating the resistance groups. Many men and women of the faith who have felt it their Christian duty to lend their aid to the resistance have found their churches raided without warning. No one is out of the Reich’s reach Stark.”
“Yes, Sir.” SSgt. Zimmerman nodded curtly, watching the tray of food like a hawk. They stood in silence.
With a smile Tony slung his arm around Ian's shoulders.
Of course, Tony had to fall asleep sometime. He didn’t consciously choose it, more like he was sitting in the chair, keeping guard as he did every night now, staring into the fire while he relived every moment that had led up to this one.
“Did someone say something to you?” He asked gently. “We don’t need to- seven’s enough, yeah? I’m not going to let them bully us into this.”
) but then he heard a soft hum of breath in his ear.
Steve looked back down at his plate. He hadn't eaten much, but he was not all that hungry.
Bucky looked up as James coughed into his water, causing the other two boys to giggle nervously.
“Come again?” Tony blinked at the man in befuddlement. “Did I just hear you say that you want me to take a child on my treasonous mission to jail break a Nazi prison?
“What the hell happened Tony?” Steve asked, finally pulling his eyes away from the young widow as she left the kitchen to give them their privacy. Ignorance was all part of her willingness to help them. She didn’t want to endanger herself or her daughter by knowing more than she had to. It was surprising now that he thought about it, that she’d offered to hide Tony in her home at all. Maybe Tony really had judged her correctly.
He sought after it, his feet carrying him unconsciously forward as he hunted it out under the layers of sound in the market square. How far he had gone from the camp this time. He should go home. Ma would worry.
He’d held men before. Held them together when their insides were falling out (sometimes all too literally) and told them to keep breathing. He said it now, for them both, like he would for any of his men, but he couldn’t manage the delusion that he meant it in the same way.
As Bruce set about untying her, Tony began clearing away the bramble and netting Bucky had used to hide her from view, grunting with the effort. The others helped, including Bucky who stubbornly insisted on moving his arm despite several entreaties to stay back by the others. Tony worried about the wan color he’d taken on by the time they'd finished.
For the first time in his life, Tony had to articulate to someone besides Stefen what it was like to walk between two worlds, belonging to neither, and he found it more difficult than he could ever have imagined. The Carboni’s were good, and they loved him, he knew that. But it felt like too little too late.
Stefen’s mouth turned down in a stubborn frown and he opened his mouth, no doubt to argue but Bucky was quick to back Tony up, and Tony had never been more surprised or more grateful for the man.
Stefen’s mouth tilted upward smugly but he said nothing, just continued to hold Tony’s wrist in his hand, and began stroking the skin gently with his thumb.
"You only need one." Tony announced and Stefen's head reared back slightly with stunned surprise, confusion written all over his face. Bucky scoffed loudly.
Steve's mouth snapped shut with an audible click.
He crossed himself almost by route, thinking that Bruce would be so proud if only he could see Tony now, swallowing the bitter pill of humility and beseeching heaven with all the other desperate human souls. Taking a deep breath Tony tucked the files Pavlok had given him under his arm and darted from the car.
“If I waited for Stefen to have time to squeeze in an audience with me I’d be waiting until you two have single handedly helped Austria avoid war, or at the very least sorted out this mess with the twins; and as I said Herr Bakhuizen what I have to say will not wait.” Turning back toward the captain Tony held his wrists behind his back like a proper servant and demanded with no hint of subservience, “Shall I say it now in front of James or would you prefer this be a private discussion?”
"Tony he’ll just use the children to draw me out! I won’t risk them."
“The HJ’s system doesn’t lie, Father.”
He forced his eyes open again and Tony was still there. He shifted closer on the bed, pushing Steve’s hair out of his eyes, his own eyes large and red rimmed. He seemed thinner than when Steve had last seen him, and there was a new cut was healing on his chin.
He stuck his head out of the alley and saw that there was indeed a pair of officers standing not far up the road but they were standing outside the doors of a bar, one of them helping the other to light a cigarette and not looking.
“The first man was hurting Cate.” She explained slowly, her quiet voice painfully young. “Her father worked for him, but the man refused to pay. That’s how he lured her to the wood. He knew she’d risk anything for her family and who would care if he did that to a Jewish girl anyway?”
“Cameron!” Hammer’s voice floated up the staircase from the floor below with an inpatient snap. “This is no time to dawdle. Come at once!”
“I haven’t seen you since you were in shorts. You’re a man now.” Stanislov exclaimed as he pulled back, watchful eyes traveling up and down Tony’s form, taking him all in. “You look like Hugh. My god, it’s like looking back twenty years ago.”
On ships over seas
She was mad at him now. Péter didn't know a lot about girls but he knew that much.
Steve was looking down, frowning at the cobblestone, his shoulders tense and heavy once more. Even though his gaze was directed away from Bucky the lost expression that passed over his face, open and pained, didn’t escape him. Bucky’s stomach twisted with something too close to guilt for his liking and he clenched his teeth.
over everything the world had offered him. Over her… She never would have thought it possible. It was heartbreaking. Infuriating.
“Bucky?” Steve’s face lit up and then shuttered at the sight of him. Stark’s playing flattered as he turned to see what was going on as Steve got up.
Thank you for reading. We know these updates take us ages what with busy lives and how long they typically are, but we appreciate you all so much. We read every comment. They give us fuel and motivate us to get across the finish line each time.
“Ah, the chalet.” Werner murmured and Tony thought he saw the first real hint of warmth in her expression. “I summered there a few times as girl, with your mother. Did she ever tell you?”
“Do me a favor?” Tony glanced down to watch a slight furrow crease the boy’s brow as he nodded warily before continuing. “Watch this place for me while I’m gone?”
"Who did you write?" Péter frowned at him, stomach lurching at the word 'international' and confused why Tony would write any school about him. Péter never thought he'd be happy to leave Austria but now... now the thought of being any place else almost seemed too good to be true.
James swallowed nervously and licked his lips before he mumbled out a reply.
“I’m surprised you know ‘Il Mariner’. I didn’t think you were so fond of Italian opera.”
People who didn’t know any better always said he was the spitting image of Hughard, but some folks back home (the ones in the know) said he resembled his mother's kin. As a young man he’d kept his hair long enough to take on her curls and sported the styles popular among other young Italians, doing his level best to make that true. It was a war of resemblance he'd been playing with himself since he was old enough to have an opinion about the hand genetics had dealt him.
“You’re cold.” Tony murmured, feeling the goosebumps that had pebbled the captain’s skin. “And no wonder. We made quite the mess of ourselves.”
His midnight visitor was Péter Rogers, still in his dinner clothes and soaked to the bone.
-The Cabin-
The flyer said it was playing that weekend at the City Theater. Tony took note and followed the captain’s insistent tug away.
An explosion. Bodies to burned to identify. A crash. No survivors.
“I grew up on the sea. I can help,” she challenged his stare with a steady one of her own.
“That’s one hood I wouldn’t mind getting a peek under,” Tony replied with a smirk of his own, and Stefen made an impatient sound under his breath before he began herding the children into the back. The rear seat was long enough to fit the four children comfortably, which left Tony and Stefen to cram in next to Carol in the front. Which was her real name as it turned out, a fact that she informed them of almost as soon as they were safely ensconced within the vehicle and roaring down the quiet streets of Old Nice.
Tony suspected it was to hit Hammer, judging by the way the boy was pointed when Tony caught him, but even if Tony could sympathize with the impulse he didn’t think the action would go unpunished.
“This is getting bigger then either one of us,” Sam was insisting and Steve stepped closer, putting a hand on Sam’s bag to keep him from moving away.
“Alright, go on then. Eat, drink yourself into oblivion” Steve stopped him with a hand on his shoulder “but first thing in the morning, be ready.”
“Yes. Yes, thank you,” Tony babbled as the officer began to carry her down the hall and he quickly followed behind, still trying to catch his breath and make sense of things. “What happened?!”
Had someone been at the mouth of the alley, watching him?
The apartment itself was small, containing just a single bedroom, a living room mostly void of furnishings besides what couldn’t be carried out the front door, a kitchen and a toiletry. It was going to be cramped for fifteen people, but they would make do.
“Lies.” Tony smirked. “But as they are very sweet ones I’ll let them pass this once.”
“I don’t want to leave you like this,” the woman said after a long moment of just standing there, watching his shoulders shake and the water leak from his eyes as he swayed, a gust away from falling over again. As if he were no danger to her at all and as if she cared. She didn’t. But maybe if he begged?
He liked Stark. Even if the feeling seemed married to irritation with him.
“I’m declining.”
"I don't like the fact that this plan endangers innocents. The Brothers, and your friend Bruce…” Stefen’s eyes met his gravely. “Tony, if anything went wrong they'd be killed just as readily as Bucky and any of the resistance."
“God in heaven.” Tony let out a relieved breath as his heart slowed and he forced something that wasn’t a scowl onto his face as not to scare the already clearly terrified child and asked, “Maria, honey, are you scared?”
Franz paled at the prospect of torture but the man’s grey eyes were still steely with determination as he nodded.
Luck seemed to be with them as they turned the dark corner, but Péter didn't stop to see if the car would stop where they'd abandoned their things or turn down the road after them, running toward the main street where there was more light.
“You never could tell your fingers from sausages that’s for sure,” Bucky was teasing gently even as James scrambled to comply. “But with all those medals on your jacket nobody here’s gonna be brave enough to tell ya.”
“Stefen,” Bucky murmured his name just the way he always did, drawing something warm up into Steve's chest where his heart had begun to pound.
"But-"
“I'm leaving!” Tony interrupted what was shaping up to be yet another spat between James and his older brothers, swiveling his bicycle around, countering his weight so Sara wouldn't end up face first in the dirt. If Tony had to pick one and call them poorly behaved it was definitely James. He was moody, confrontational and stubborn as a goat with none of the control that his brothers seemed to have.
“What the devil is going on?” Tony sputtered, caught between how suddenly glad he felt to see Barton and his shock at seeing him there.
The boy nodded, slightly dumbstruck.
“What did you just say?” He growled. It was only the sound of Artur’s pained yelp and indignant squeal that made him remember himself.
“Thank you for escorting the children,” Stefen said rather than answer, and Tony took his cue and let the subject drop. “The trip went well?”
“I’ll buy you others.” He managed to grunt as he grasped the hem of Tony’s undershirt and peeled off the offending barrier between them. He’d seen as much when they’d gone swimming, but it was somehow
"Gone. You think the Krippos found it?"
“My train leaves before yours,” Bruce noted when they had their tickets and had worked their way away from the crush at the booth.
“- No, when do they play in the garden, with each other, alone, when do they...you know, do childish things?”
He held out his hand indicating the door and the baroness nodded at the maid who was still stood by Rogers, still looking quite queasy herself.
“May we?” Steve asked for lack of anything better to say, gesturing to a nearby settee. Tony flipped his hand at him, indicating that they should sit, before his fingers returned to swishing over the keys.
A door opened, and a second pair of boots confidently thudded against the pavement and then the back door was lifted, light from the street lamps spilling in revealing Lt. Becker standing at the mouth of the door. He gestured sharply for the men to begin unloading and they snapped to work, with the single-minded routine of a squad, ignoring the presence of the policeman. Steve jumped out with the others, doing his best to stay lost in the group while keeping an eye pinned on the policeman who was on his radio, no doubt validating their story with his superiors.
"No Father, it's just that -"
Tony pretended to choke.
“Can we compromise? Pack them so that if we do anything fun you’ll have the option to join in instead of having to sit on the sidelines worried about getting dirty?” Natacha crossed her arms stubbornly over her chest and made to open her mouth but Tony beat her to the punch. “And the first opportunity we get we’ll go shopping for something a little less resembling drapery.”
Tony looked to Stefen for answers, not liking that sound at all, and Stefen leaned over him once more to stroke Artur’s brow, concern etched deeply onto his face.
Stark tilted his head, brown eyes glittering again with what Steve was coming to term mischief, considering thoughtfully as if he had a choice in the matter. He liked to pretend he had choices. It was something Steve was learning about the man.
On the little stage the little goatherd danced away with a trio of goats and Tony could be heard hissing under his breath for Artur to lower the next backdrop and cueing Sara to animate the prince.
“God knows we’re all worried. I can barely get my Gunter to slurp a soup these days in between his fretting.” The cook muttered before finally relenting.
“Oh I’m sure,” Tony went along with it cheerfully enough.  “And that’s funny; because I know someone else who couldn’t sleep thinking Artur was mad at him.”
Tony gestured with charismatic aplomb as he spoke, like a conductor leading an orchestra. Indeed, Göring and his crowd of sycophants and hangers on were soaking it all in, hanging on his every word.
“Tony!” Artur’s insistent whine jarred him out of his thoughts. He jumped, turning to look in the back seat, where five of his six charges were crammed and eyeing him curiously.
"Herr. Stark" Lt. Stevens called at his back and Tony paused, debating for a moment whether or not to turn around. The lieutenant had not been a cruel jailor, but he was still standing between them and freedom. He'd still put those cuffs on Stefen and carted him away to torture and death. But there was a kind of pleading woven into the officer's tone, a 'beg pardon' that some dark curiosity in Tony couldn't ignore and when he turned around to look at the man once more the lieutenant had braced himself, with his hands behind his back like someone prepared for a blow.
"Herr Stark. How wonderful it is to finally meet you. I saw the show you did in Munich. I must say, what you’ve done with your pupils is quite marvelous. They were simply sublime.”
“Then we should do it,” he decided, looking to Stefen once more and the captains mouth pulled down in a tense frown of worry.
Who knew what was lurking in her past, and despite the fact that she was innocent of all wrong doing, if things were allowed to continue on, his Helena might be deported. He had no love for the Jews, they had a way of dirtying up any place they resided in for long, but Helena, she was the world.
Well, if there was one good thing in all this madness it was that Stefen wasn’t retreating back into his shell as often. It was good, that he got out with the children more.
Tony blinked and looked down at him, startled, before he let out a bark of laughter.
The crowds had followed them from city to city, as word spread from the festival of the famous hero with the seven singing children with voices like angels. Even these gadje could see that they were
“Stark!”  he hollered, dropped the whistle, his feet turning towards the workshop almost ahead of his thoughts.
Bucky halted a few steps above him, arching his dark eyebrows as he lit up one of his smokes.
“Five. H-he collapsed two days ago,” she recounted with a slight tremor. She kept her eyes fixed on Stefen lying on the bed, and Tony got the feeling she was forcing herself to look. That she would have just stood there until the sun rose, committing his devastated body to memory if he’d let her. She was almost whispering as she finished, “I was too scared to give him more.”
"Do any of you have further questions?" Father asked once silence had fallen once more. He asked in the way that meant now he needed them to be soldiers, strong and clever even if they didn’t understand everything or even want to be.
Was that the way it was going to be between them? Tony with his walls (his damn secrets and the lies he told to keep them) and Steve ramming them down only for Tony to retreat behind another?
Tony and the children could go west to the coast, to Tony’s home, where they wouldn’t just be able to survive but thrive and Tony could get what he needed to give them a real future.
“I would rather have had your Chanukah Grig, than a hundred mansions on a hill!” Tony spat, getting up from the bench and striding off in a huff of fury. He couldn’t sit there a moment longer, being angry and feeling guilty for being angry, not another moment.
Artur wriggled, shoulders drooping as his face clouded with anxiety.
“…Artur caught a frog.”
Another step forward.
It made it all the more enjoyable to watch him enjoy those things when they came. Steve would never forget the way Tony had looked walking off the train in that white suit, the ruby red vest catching every eye on the platform and the firm evenly muscled chest it clung to keeping them there. With his dark hair catching the afternoon sunlight and that unusual little beard of his perfectly framing his grinning mouth he’d looked exactly as he should be, a man of influence and ease. And far too handsome for his own good or Steve’s peace of mind as women craned their necks to see him and traded whispers with their friends behind their hands.
"Are you really that nervous? Tony asked with surprise. "Trains are very safe you know."
A swell of guilt rose in his chest. God, he hoped that Stark really had meant his forgiveness. He didn’t like to think about would might happen if he hadn't.
Artur barely waited until he'd finished speaking to scamper off to his bed where his trunk lay open. Tony watched him toss aside the box of toy cars he'd previously elected to bring as if they'd offended him and attempt to cram the large book in the spot they'd vacated. Pepper sniffed, and Tony looked over to catch her wiping her eyes before she turned resolutely back to her task. His stomach clenched. His fingers twitched with the urgent call to
Grinning slightly Steve reached out an arm to pull the boy into a one armed hug.
They’d all be free. Stefen could leave his post and come home. They could stay in the house in Salzburg or they could all go together to the house in Switzerland and leave these troubles behind them.
Ian flushed with embarrassment but his eyes flicked between Péter and their father with indecision. He knew something, Tony realized.
The attic space in the old church was ideal for storing men and weapons, as well as sneaking said men in and out, but the downside was there was only one way in and one way out. If it was the gestapo then they’d have to get the drop on them quickly and make a run for it, before they got cornered up here.
“We’re going to stay nice and dry in this boat for a while yet bambina, but perhaps later, it would be good for all of you to learn to swim.” Tony said, the memory of Artur striding into the water after his frog rising fresh to his memory. Yes… children could not be watched every minute. Living this close to the water it would be a wise thing to teach them.
Beside him Ian’s shoulders relaxed and he glanced up at Tony through blond bangs with a shy half smile. He opened his mouth, presumably to thank him (Ian was the politest after all) when his gaze caught on something, his mouth closing slowly as his brow furrowed. Tony followed his eyes to find that it was Péter who had caught Ian’s attention. The older boy had stopped to catch his breath in the middle of the walk, his gaze stuck on a group of boys sat by a market stand smoking and chatting with one another.
Natacha’s smile looked a bit strained now to Steve.
As agitating as Stark’s coded jibes could be Steve was hungry to hear about them, and he could not deny that he looked forward to the post as the brightest spot in his weary day.
"Your father built a docking empire-"
Artur struggled more with some of the extreme exercises, such as the hike the pimpfs had gone on where they'd been required to carry an eleven pound knapsack over thirteen miles, but he was stubborn as a goat. That and the fact that he was a Rogers coupled with his Ayran looks endeared him to his section leaders, who liked to remind everyone that his father had once been small too and look how he had turned out. The same did not apply to Péter, but then again Péter was unfortunate enough to get his mother's dark hair and eyes.
He’d looked every inch the hero to Charlotte that day, tall and broad shouldered, blond haired and blue eyed, and so handsome she’d suddenly felt every inch the awkward schoolgirl. But it hadn’t been either the tales of his heroism or his looks that had captured her heart and kept it through the years.
Finding it, he shoved the pistol back into his pocket and grasped the first handhold, his feet finding the appropriate notch with some minor scrambling. He’d memorized the placings so the noise was minimal but he still flinched, hoping that the soft sounds he made would be mistaken for that of a squirrel or something similar.
Stark’s eyes darted down to Bucky's food and a horrified expression crawled over his face.
He could hear the man moving inside as he climbed. Heavy boots thudded across the cabin floor, creaking the wood. Something that sounded eerily like a broom scraped back and forth in methodical bursts. Cleaning? Tony wondered as he made his way as quietly and carefully up the side of the structure as he could. He didn’t know the SS were in the habit of doing the housework before they arrested you.
At least at first. For Steve the liquor had not soothed, the sweet sting of bile sour in his mouth reminding him too much of his father. It felt like a defeat drinking his nights away in such a way and he’d found better solace in his artwork; and it had the added bonus of bringing in more coin to send home to his mother. He’d sketched the entire district at one point. He’d been awestruck by the staggering height of the churches, the access to paint, music and food at every turn. It was a kind of paradise in its own way, a land of freedom and plenty, and for the first time he had felt pride in all that he had done. He’d fought for this, all of it, and it had been good.
Tony had come to their room that morning in a crisp pair of white trousers and a dark blue double-breasted jacket with gold buttons. He wasn’t wearing the hat, but James had peeked at enough of Ian’s stupid books about soldiers and other boring things to know what he was looking at and what it meant.
The Weasel blinked, his frown deepening. Tony righted himself, planting a hand on the door frame for support and thrusting out his out his hand in greeting.
For the fourth night in a row sleep had been an exercise in futility. He’d attempted it for a half hour, staring at the ceiling, ticking through complex conjunctions in his head until finally giving it up as a bad job and making his way to the garage in his nightclothes. Getting in was as simple as picking the lock (Tony could have engineered a better one in his sleep, he really needed to talk to Pepper about their security) and only once he’d closed the door behind him did he feel the tension wound so tightly between his shoulders begin to ease.
Obviously Stefen had claimed the master room and if the trunks in the bedroom of the adjoining suite were anything to go by Bakhuizen had claimed that one. Which meant that Tony should take the bed in the guest room and they should divide the children equally amongst the adults (give or take an odd number, because there would be no splitting anyone in half James, thank you very much).
“His name’s Emil, and Péter volunteered to go on a patrol.” Natacha answered as Bucky pulled away from the curb. For a time they sat in silence and she thought about leaving it at that, but something seemed to have possessed her tongue because she couldn’t keep the words behind her teeth, some devilish curiosity wanting to know what would happen if she told him.
Tony watched as Bruce slapped away the hands of the doctor trying to inject him with fluid.
~*~*~*~
“I’m not-
“Hedy knows what she’s about, but I’d be careful if I were you. She has a mean right hook.” The blond warned.
Steve couldn't think on it long because he heard the slate in the window sliding open again, and this time when he turned it was Coulson's face filling the little window.
"Experience is something I lack... but it's open to you Péter, the whole world is. I'd like you to consider it."
“Sara has to go to the bathroom.”
“Are you alright?” Tony heard Stefen ask quietly and James just nodded, apparently no longer as concerned with the incident where he could have drowned as he was with testing out his swimmers legs.
Maye because it was.
"Well you can't die yet, Tony, or who will convince father to let me go to school?"
Steve flung the blanket out. It opened in a wide whoosh, momentarily blocking Steve from view. He used the moment to surge forward, clumsily, intent on grabbing the weapon. But Magda reached the man first.
"How many more of those grenades you got?” Bucky asked him.
Steve’s eyes flew up toward the ceiling even as Bucky was asking her, face clouded with confusion, “So he
“He needs a proper beating,” Steve whispered back as they were guided to their seats. He took a deep breath and did his best to resume his calm, but he couldn’t resist adding, “Only a coward bullies a child.”
“Oh I’m sure it’s going to be
“Shame that.”
Appeased, Tony settled back onto the blanket, keeping one ear open for distress.
“And this is Sara.” Nodding his head toward Tony he finished with, “Herr Stark. Their tutor.”
“Yes, as well as the Young Maidens,” She answered with a slow nod, as if they were going over notes for a speech and Tony wasn’t seconds from taking a torch to the house.
Steve stared hard at her but she didn’t appear at all ruffled by it, meeting his gaze evenly as she clicked toward them on her low heels.
Before he could cry out, a hand slammed down over his mouth and a familiar voice urgently shushed him.
Steve disagreed. He couldn’t split himself into three persons to be in three separate rooms so obviously they were not safe! If there was an attack it would be harder to escape from the second floor. They should stay where they were. The sitting room was a more defensible position. His face must have spoken for him, because before he could grind out some sort of reply Virginia had clapped her hands together for the children’s attention and was gathering up a crying Maria and Artur, suggesting cheerfully that they all sleep in the music room as a compromise.
“Every detail Captain,” Tony promised, meeting Rogers stare for stare this time. He could see that Rogers had heard the underlining threat in his words and couldn’t help the swell of satisfaction that brought him. Rogers however, didn’t take the bait.
“That’s drivel.” Natacha’s eyes narrowed in fury and Tony met her angry gaze with a firm expression of his own. “I’m sorry
“I’ll say.” Stanislov laughed agreeably as the admiral cleared his throat and leaned over his desk to offer Tony his hand, which he took without hesitance.
“Nothing you couldn’t read in the paper. He’s Austria’s favorite son. Had my dad lived long enough he’d probably have hung his picture above the fireplace like every other upstanding citizen. Is this going somewhere Farkas?”
“He can’t say it himself right now, so I will. I know I am a poor substitute, but please hear me out. Your father’s only hope for you in this life is that you get to cherish it without carrying the world on your shoulders. I want the same for you, and I hope you will think on it and decide you want that too. Darling, you deserve more goodness than a single life can hold.”
“You promised!” Tony shouted and Steve backed up a few steps and jolted forward, jumping for the sill as Tony reached down for him. For one horrible lurching moment he imagined that he was simply going to drag Tony back inside with him, head first, but then there were hands grabbing at his arms and back. With a strength Steve wasn’t prepared for, Tony grunted and heaved, holding onto him tight as he yanked him up.
“Major. I must insist.”
“Sara helped save Rachel and her baby girl, whom they named Rochel which meant ‘battle cry’. Learning that Sara was in exile Rachel pleaded with her father to offer her a place in the clan. The Rom Baro was very grateful as well, but Sara refused to leave the rest of her family behind and he did not want a gadje and his offspring in the camp because they were unclean.
"Stop this! This...insa-"
Tony climbed back aboard the couch, laying his smaller frame across Stefen’s back and wrapping his arms around him tightly.
“Couldn’t have put it better myself James. Slower on that drill or you risk bending the nail.”
“They’ll wrinkle. And after you spent so much money on them.”
One of the men broke free of the guards holding his arms, ripping free of their hands as if they were made of dough and laughing as he took off. He raced for the window, only to misjudge the angle and slam into the wall instead. The man bounced back and there were six guards on top of him now, beating at him, breaking his bones, but he kept fighting them as if he didn’t feel their blows at all. He was still grinning even as they emptied dozens of bullets into him.
Clearly Frau Reiner had not taken no for an answer. He'd agreed to the missions and correspondence but he'd drawn the line when Frau Reiner had suggested coded messages through his children. He'd shot the notion down immediately. His children were not to be used for the resistance effort. Ever.
Tony struggled to breathe, until he felt a hand fall warm and steady on his back, pushing the air out with firm pressure and rubbing gently with each struggle to inhale. For an unbearable moment, it was almost easy to imagine that Stefen was there, that it was his hands and his low voice reminding him to breathe.
“I hope…” his father began, a hand gently tipped Ian’s chin back up and Ian blinked back the pressure behind his eyes. Men didn’t cry.
“We’re both willing.” Susann said with quiet conviction and Steve nodded in acknowledgement.
“We’re going home. Come now!”
It was signed in bold calligraphy ‘Thorson Christian Donald Carlson Blake Axel, Crown Prince of Norway’ and stamped with the royal seal.
Secondly, and far more relevantly, Stefen Rogers (national hero, the skinny boy who’d lied about his age to join a war, survived to single handedly rescue his entire company and push back the enemy forces) was deeply and profoundly terrified for his children. It was suddenly easy to see right through him, right to the fleshy heart undoubtedly beating rabbit like within his chest, and easy to see how one could so effortlessly rip it out.
He watched the words register on Péter's face, the realization dawning that their practice with the guns was not for the benefit of the HJ, but for whatever was to come. For their family’s survival. Péter's face had drained of color and he shuddered, despite the warmth of the afternoon and Steve put his arm around him.
Coulson pursed his lips and considered Steve for a long pensive moment. Steve returned his stare easily until finally, Coulson relented.
Damn. That would make it nearly impossible to escape with the children on foot. There were a number of diversions Tony could think up, but every last one of them would still leave him and the children fleeing armed men and dogs on foot in the dead of winter with nowhere safe to turn and no provisions.
It was infuriating that no matter what he did that Steve could not conquer the fear that gripped his mind whenever he thought for a second that he was back there. He might have cracked as easily as bread and woken the entire room with his whimpering if not for Tony. It was equally frustrating that Steve’s body was so contradictory and useless. When he wanted to be loving it betrayed him, but when he was shivering in the dark losing himself to terror like the coward he truly was, fixating on the scent of Tony’s hair and the pleasure-pain of holding him close was all that kept Steve tethered to sanity.
He really should have had a go at Stark for that one, but he figured a man forced to abstane most of his adult life deserved a long soak in Italy's best. Besides he owed Stark, he could admit that, after everything. Having Stark around had come in handy.
Which is how Bucky found himself sitting on a couch with Charlotte and Steve watching Stark and the children put on a show in the puppet theater they’d actually built themselves, reluctantly and thoroughly impressed.
Your brother in Christ,
He had no idea what sort of danger Steve had saved the twins from, what sort of danger they were all in now that Stark had recklessly revealed them to the entire household!
But that had been a lie hadn’t it? All of it. This life that Peggy had lived. This life that their family’s fortune had helped supplement to save
Chavi – (romany) Girl
“You’re a sweet boy Sparrow.  So, what did you have in mind for this surprise lunch of yours.”
The damnable thing was, they probably would.
“You’ve gained weight Hogan. Look at you all happy and round, marriage suits you. I ought to try it.” Bucky sassed and Harold rolled his eyes.
“That’s a scary face you’re making Captain.” Tony remarked. He’d reached out, so that he was now the one grasping Steve’s elbow, gentle touch enough to draw Steve out of the dark well his thoughts had fallen into.
,” he began to explain quietly. “When our boys are betrothed, they use all their wealth to make them for the girl who is going to walk with him, to show the world she is worth more than material treasure. But it uh… has a spiritual side too.” Stefen hesitated and Tony raised his brow, curious. The captain cleared his throat and went on nervously. “Some Rom they uh, they believe that until a girl is matched her soul is in danger of corruption and being lost without purpose.”
He froze as the door pulled open on loudly creaking hinges.
And it was revenge, Tony thought privately. Swift brutal revenge in the form of thermal waves and fragments of glass.
“I’m having a hard time deciding...” Steve glanced down to find Janneke Van Dyne’s brown eyes glinting up at him with unhidden mirth and his back went possibly even stiffer than it had already been. He supposed some men would be happy to find themselves in the arms of a beautiful flower like Jan, but Steve was too aware of the heat of her body pressed close to his as they stumbled through the waltz and the sticky sweet smell of her perfume in his nose made his stomach churn.
Clucking her tongue disapprovingly Rouge was viciously slashing out the pictures of those smiling women writing boldly across their bodies 'WOMEN FOR RESISTANCE' just as Péter heard the sound of a car engine coming up the road. It was only a second later when he could see headlights splashing against the side of a building across the street.
“Something like that,” Kirk smirked. “I felt sorry for him. He didn’t have a lot of friends. Just a Negro boy that worked for them I think. I know a thing or two about having something to prove, and I figured it was a lot of pressure on a kid living up to a name like Stark, and like I said… his father never seemed to want him around.”
Natacha clenched her hands together once more, this time to stop their trembling.
, and if you wake up the children after the hours I spent trying to get them calm enough to sleep, so help me.” Tony snapped and Bucky’s mouth clicked shut, blinking at the monk in a complete loss for words like he couldn’t decide if he was insane or not. Steve had the absurdly inappropriate desire to laugh just then.
For a moment it was still within the room while Bucky considered him with an expression caught halfway between awe and suspicion and Stefen appeared to turn the idea over silently in his head.
~*~*~*~
Tony departed with a wink, shutting the door to Péter’s bedroom behind him with a quiet click. He went to the kitchen first to fetch the necessary supplies, where Willamina was finishing the preparations for supper and grumbled at him for being in the way until he complimented the delicious smell of her cooking and the equally delightful shape of her figure that fine day. She seemed more cheerful then, even though she shooed him away.
