John wasn't sure what was going on, so he went over to check on Molly. She was straightening her shirt, still incredibly shaken. "Are you okay?" He asked. She just nodded, wiping tears from her eyes.
But before Sherlock could answer, the first bell rang. He left the table with John, pausing only to dunk his hair under the water fountain really quick. Then, both boys consulted their schedules.
"Good," Mr. Dixon nodded in approval. "Now, open your textbooks to page 394-" he began, turning towards the blackboard, only to be hit in the back of the head with a ball of paper the moment he did so. "Hey!" He yelled, turning back immediately. "Who threw that?!"
," John pressed, sternly. "You will not be able to think clearly until you eat something. And I'm not taking no for an answer." He shoved the energy bar into Sherlock's hand and, despite what he had said before, Sherlock immediately opened it and bit into it hungrily.
Suddenly, Irene's door flew open and the boys jumped apart like the other was on fire. There stood Irene herself, in a tight black dress that left little to the imagination, and seeming completely unaware of what she had just interrupted. "I thought I heard voices," she remarked with a smile. "Come on in."
Sherlock, meanwhile, continued turning his thumb in circles on the back of John's hand....not realizing immediately that John's hand was returning pressure to his. "John, how long have you been awake?" Sherlock asked aloud, once he did realize this.
The cold wind was chilling Sherlock to the bone, and they were both very late to class, but he didn't care. They were going to settle this right now. "You really think it was bloody
The joy behind this first kiss very nearly outweighed the sadness that it might be their last; the months of tension and confusion that was finally relieved! Mycroft would've been perfectly content to stay this way forever, but he only allowed himself seven seconds. Seven seconds to memorize this pivotal moment in his short life– the surprising warmth of the kiss, the tingling sensation that reached all of his nerve endings, the way Greg's tongue traced his bottom lip, the boy's hands in his hair, and how he felt so incredibly
"Has it even occurred to you that you could tell them that you had nothing to do with any of this?" He whispered. "That you have written proof that it was all my idea? You'd be telling the truth, you know."
"Good," Mycroft said, going back to his letter. He was almost finished with it, but he couldn't remember how to write
"Talk about what?" Mycroft asked, feigning ignorance. He sat up and stretched out his muscles, which were stiff from having sat still for so long.
John sat up immediately and hugged Sherlock tightly. "That's to be expected, I suppose." He let him go and turned to Molly. "How about you, Molly?" he asked. "That Sebastian kid, he didn't.....he didn't hurt you, did he?"
As soon as the dealer observed the notes within, he loosened his grip on the bag of drugs and Sherlock snatched it. The man let him, preoccupied with counting the money.
But Jim saw him. He immediately let go of Sebastian and grabbed his own weapon, aiming it at Mycroft.
They were mostly quiet until they reached their dorm, having left from their last class of the day. It was there that John broke the silence. "Hey, so I've been wondering....what exactly are you here for? I mean, it's fine if you don't want to answer, but you already know so much about me and....well, I don't know anything about you. Except that you tend to piss people off."
Almost as soon as Sherlock had gained the advantage, he lost it when Mycroft flipped him backwards by his own arms. Stupid government training.
It was one of those unbearable August evenings, when the air is so thick with heat that it seems to be sitting on top of your shoulders, weighing you down. John Watson could feel it as he trudged along the dimly lit streets of London, the strap of his duffle bag digging into his shoulder.
He could still remember the day his father gave it to him, after discovering it amongst the stack of files he had stolen from the British Secret Service. Files of possible future recruits. "Look at this one, Jim," he had told his son. "This boy is your age." He had tossed the file to Jim, who had looked it over with curiosity and discovered that he had quite a bit more in common with this Sherlock Holmes than just age.
Sherlock had no choice: he kissed her back. Only this time, he kept his eyes open and looked directly towards where John was standing. The blond boy looked devastated, yet seemed physically unable to pry his eyes away from the scene. Sherlock tried desperately to communicate with his eyes that this didn't mean anything, that he wished he was doing this with John instead.
Mycroft shook his head, commanding himself not to look at Greg's stupid lips, and fell into bed, even though he knew he would not be sleeping anytime soon.
Still nothing. John sighed and did what he saw to be the only option: he walked straight up to his roommate's bed, shook his shoulders violently and yelled "Sherlock Holmes, snap out of it!"
John had to admit, he was impressed. This was probably the best performance he'd ever seen from his dad, and he'd once watched him look the landlord in the eye and swear on his life that no one in his family did drugs.
The entire process was incredibly boring for Sherlock, although he was a bit frustrated that no one seemed to believe he had just wanted the drugs for an experiment.
"Why?" John demanded, flinching as he did. That word had come out more aggressively than he had meant it.
While the girl seemed disappointed by his lack of reaction to her obvious flirting, she did a pretty good job at not letting it show. "No..." she responded, without missing a beat. She inched herself closer to him, her lips forming a smile as she did so. "Which is a real shame, because
"Alright everyone," he announced as if he was addressing a crowd instead of his two lowly companions. "I know you're exhausted, but frankly I don't care. It's nearly time for the best part of the night."
"I'll be fifteen in three months!" Sherlock interrupted, knowing full and well how immature that sounded even as he said it. "And when did you suddenly start caring about my safety?"
Although their original bully, Viktor, did lay off them once football season began (John had nearly been laughed out of tryouts) many other students who hated Sherlock carried on the morning tradition of dumping John's breakfast on his head.
"Moriarty was clever," said Sherlock, standing up to begin his trademarked pace-while-ranting routine. "He was sure to remove everyone who could possibly have aided Mycroft tonight from the equation. And tonight was indeed about Mycroft, not me, for he had made an agreement with Irene that, in exchange for her help, Mycroft would be killed first and foremost."
Sherlock checked his watch and was pleased to find that he was ahead of schedule. At this rate, he'd be able to start his experiment sooner than he thought, which would be brilliant, as he had quite a few other experiments on hold for this one.
Sherlock, however, seemed to be fascinated with everything Irene was telling them. "So his mother died when he was only five?"
Dixon's face turned a frightening shade of purple. "Detention, BOTH of you!" He yelled, pointing fingers at Sherlock and John.
in his overactive brain as something became clear. "Oh, of course," he said, through gritted teeth. "Of course!" He pulled out his cell phone and clicked some buttons before pressing it to his ear with angry force.
," he spat the word like it was disgusting, "fed the information to his boss who then filed me under 'People to Track' or some rubbish like that. I think it's safe to deduce that Mycroft was briefly captured when he visited Ireland to investigate the Moriarty family. Jim's father must've stolen whatever file I was in long before that, but it was when Jim talked to Mycroft that he found out the personal stuff. The bastard," Sherlock scowled, and it was unclear to John whether he was insulting Moriarty or his brother.
"Not the first time my life has been in danger," Mycroft replied simply. "And it certainly won't be the last. It's the nature of my job."
Sherlock thought that was a bit harsh. Sure, he snuck out a lot. And yes, his experiments and his overall cocky attitude tended to get him into trouble at school. But this was the first
When John managed to find the words, he asked, "How did you know about my ribs?" John actually thought he had been hiding it quite well so far, knowing that if he so much as winced in front of his father, he would suffer even more for it.
But Jim cut him off. "I checked on the crime scene early this morning," Jim said, his tone shaking despite his best efforts. His face was a blank slate, but Seb could practically feel the heat coming off of him as a dangerous swarm of emotions were threatening to burst forth at any moment. "And just as I suspected, our evidence was gone. All cleaned up by those fucking Holmes boys, I'm assuming."
let anything happen to him," he murmured. "And I don't see what concern it is of yours what our 'relationship' is.....
Hands shaking in fear, Molly switched her phone to the dialing screen and put her thumb over the 9, but a second to late. The door burst open, and Molly didn't have time to call the police or anyone else.
But as much as Sherlock claimed to detest his emotions, John was a coward when it came to his own. It stemmed from his own self-doubt, really; as there was a tiny part of him that, despite everything, still wondered whether or not Sherlock
Sherlock fell onto his bed, seeming– though it was completely unlike him– to be at a loss for words. "I...she just...I didn't....asdfghjk." He covered his face with his hands. "My god, it was awful."
The brothers glared at each other for several long, tense seconds. The whole room had gone quiet; even John and Molly had stopped asking questions, suddenly feeling as if they were intruding on a private family matter.
The latter was pacing back and forth across the room at this point, muttering incoherently to himself. He seemed to have forgotten the other two were in the room.
"Okay," Greg stood up suddenly and started pacing, voicing his thoughts as he did so. "You obviously can't tell me what's up, but maybe I can figure it out. From what I've gathered, you're involved in some kind of secret stuff, right?"
"Shit!" He repeated, much louder. It was a bad sign that he didn't know where he was, since he knew his side of town like the back of his hand. This meant that he had been wandering aimlessly for so long that he was completely out of his territory.
Yes, Sherlock had convinced Irene to allow him to join their conversation, but having to be so near their constant flirting only made John wish he was back in his corner. The stupid whore wasn't even saying anything interesting, she was just going on about Moriarty's childhood.
Mycroft cried out in anguish, picking up a chair and throwing it against the wall, where it snapped. The weight of it formed a dent in the paint.
Mycroft was pleased to discover that he had no more classes with his brother. He did, however, have two classes with Greg Lestrade: European History and French, in both of which Greg insisted on sitting next to Mycroft.
Sherlock turned from the dent he had made in the wall and looked surprised to find that Molly was standing there, listening attentively. "Why are you still here?" he snapped, quite rudely. "Didn't you hear me when I said your life's no longer in danger?"
"I got four hours!" Sherlock responded, defensively. He still looked extremely agitated from his phone call as he sat in his desk chair and opened his laptop.
Greg shrugged, still chuckling himself. "I don't know," he breathed, wiping away a tear. "I've never laughed at someone calling me an idiot before."
John knew he should probably be creeped out, but he was honestly kind of impressed. "Wow. What else can you tell about me?"
The brothers fought in the rain for a ridiculous amount of time, neither willing to let the other win. They fought with words as well as fists, screaming obscenities at each other until their voices were hoarse. They fought until they forgot what they were fighting about, and then continued to fight just so a winner could be determined.
"Oh, come on." The Detective scoffed as Sherlock returned to John's side ready to venture out once more. "What are the chances of that?"
"Traders come to work at all hours. Some trade with Hong Kong in the middle of the night. That message was intended for somebody who came in at midnight." Sherlock pointed out as he pulled out the name plate and handed it to John. "Not many Van Coons in the phone book. Taxi!"
" The woman asked and John knew that if they were going to get her to let them in, he would need to jump in.
"There is a security camera on the building to your left." A man said over the phone. "Do you see it?"
"Got everything I need to know. That graffiti was a message." Sherlock told him. "Someone at the bank, working on the trading floors. We find the intended recipient and..."
"Haven't the faintest. Hungry?" Sherlock asked before leading him into Angelo's and to the seat he had requested. "Thank you, Billy." Sherlock nodded to the waiter before taking off his coat and scarf and sat so that he could watch the street. "22 Northumberland St. Keep your eyes on it." He ordered as John got comfortable.
John smiled at the young Beta woman that sat across from him as she had read over his resume. She was a pretty little thing. Light brown hair that was pulled back in a messy, falling apart bun, and wide, watery honey brown eyes. He was slightly shocked that she hadn't turned him away the moment he had stepped into the interview, like so many other people had done. She had even smiled warmly at him and offered a hand for him to shake. "Just locum work." She told him after skimming through the resume.
"Yeah, Sergeant Donovan." John said and Sherlock growled. What had that stupid Beta woman told his John? If she scared John away from him, he would make her life a living hell.
"Okay." John said knowing that none of the questions he had piling up would be answered. The drive to where ever they were going was a good 15 to 20 minutes long, and when they pulled into what seemed to be a recently abandoned factory (or maybe this mysterious phone caller was just that powerful to have a factory emptied out for tonight), John military training kicked in. As soon as he was allowed out of the car, John's eyes focused on the nicely dress man standing in front of the car while casually leaning on an umbrella. Was he about to finally meet the Mysterious caller? John squared his shoulders and limped over to the man.
"I've got two minutes before a Community Support Officer comes around that corner." The young man informed them. "Can we do this while I'm working?" Sherlock handed the young Omega his phone, the young man tossed one of his spray cans to John to automatically caught it. It took all of John's will power to keep himself from smashing the spray can into the young Omega's face when he took it, fingers brushing along Sherlock's gloved fingers. Who did that Omega thing he was touching Sherlock like that!
"Very good." John said having the sudden need to impress Sherlock so that he would bring John with him to the Crime scene, and once at the Crime scene he could prove his usefulness to the Alpha.
"Neither do I." Lestrade said also rolling up his sleeve to show a nicotine patch. "So let's work together." Sherlock stormed over to John and pulled him to him again, and buried his nose in John hair. John didn't know how to act. They had just gone on their first date and now Sherlock was using John's scent to try and calm himself down. "We've found Rachel."
"Inspector, do you seriously believe that Eddie Van Coon was just another city suicide?" Sherlock asked and Dimmok looked away causing Sherlock to growl out a sigh of annoyance. "You have seen the ballistics' reports, I suppose?" Dimmok nodded. "And the shot that killed him, was it fired form his own gun?"
"Nothing, just... 'Welcome to London.'" John quoted as they looked over to see the passenger talking to a real police man.
"Sherlock, two minutes, I said, I need anything you got." The Inspector demanded shocking John who hadn't realized he had come back in.
"What kind of a message would everyone try to avoid?" Sherlock hinted at trying to help John come to the same conclusion Sherlock had already come to. "What about this morning? Those letters you were looking at?"
"Her suitcase, yes, obviously." Sherlock said. "The murderer took her suitcase, first big mistake." An idea popped into his mind and he tried to find if there was any other way to go about this, when no other idea came, Sherlock knew that this was the best way to go. "It's no use, there's no other way. We'll have to risk it." He muttered to himself before shelving the thought and turned his attention back to John and the case. "On my desk there's a number. I want you to send a text." He ordered holding out John's phone to the Omeaga as he began to figure out how to go about his idea.
"Look across the street. Taxi. It's stopped. Nobody getting in, and nobody getting out." John turned to look. "Why a taxi? Oh, that's clever. Is it clever? Why is it clever?"
"Her Bonding ring." Sherlock growled at the challenge the Inspector had issued. "Ten years old at least." He made his way back to the body and knelt in front of her head. "The rest of her jewelry has been regularly cleaned, but not her Bonding ring. State of her bond right there." He pointed out before standing back up. "The inside is shinier than the outside. That means it's regularly removed. The only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. It's not her work, look at her nails." John did. "She doesn't work with her hands so what or rather who does she remove her rings for?" John looked at Sherlock in amazement that he got all that from her Bonding ring. "Clearly not one lover, she'd never sustain the fiction of being single and an Omega over that amount of time, so more likely a sting of them. Simple."
"That's because you're an idiot." Sherlock said automatically. "But you're already miles a head of Lestrade and his team of idiots. They haven't even figured out the color of the case." He added quickly.
"Okay." Molly breathed out, a hairs breath from crying, before she quickly left the room. There was a slight twinge of guilt at that. Molly, though Beta, was a lovely girl and one of the few people Sherlock could stand to be around for longer than a few minutes, she was also one of those few people that stood by Sherlock even after knowing him.
It had taken him having to ask John three times for his phone and not receiving an answer from the Omega for him to realize that John wasn't even there with him. He had left him at that crime scene. With a sigh, Sherlock had pulled out his phone and texted the Omega. When he didn't receive a reply after a couple of minutes, he sent another text. Only to repeat the process a third and final time.
"Oh. Ah!" He said moving over to John and rubbed his hands up and down his arms. "She was clever. Clever, yes! And so are you for figuring it out." He whispered resting his forehead on John's. "She's cleverer than you lot," He hissed at Lestrade and his team, "and she's dead. Do you see, do you get it? She didn't lose her phone, she never lost it. She planted it on him. When she got out of the car, she knew that she was going to her death. She left the phone in order to lead us to her killer."
"Yeah. I pickpocket him when he's annoying." Sherlock admitted. "You can keep that one, I've got plenty at the flat." That caused John to start laughing again. "What?"
"Enlighten me, Sherlock, 'two trips a month, flying all the way around the world.'" Sebastian growled out ignoring John. That pissed John off.
"I told you, he does that. He bloody left again." Sally said in annoyance. "We're wasting our time!" Sally growled to the team.
"It's a drug bust." Lestrade said shocking John. Sherlock couldn't possibly use drugs. He wouldn't dare risk destroying his mind like that? Would he?
"What? When?" John asked wondering if he had missed hearing him, but that was impossible, he had literally just got in.
Sherlock mentally grabbed the memories that had bubbled up at Sebastian's name and shoved them back into their cage. He would be professional about this. He would not let his hatred for the man keep him from taking the case, should it prove to be interesting. As he read over the case (a break in at the bank with nothing stolen) John came back home loaded with bags. After assessing that John didn't need help, Sherlock went back to reading the e-mail. There was something that Sebastian wasn't telling him, because something about this case that wasn't making sense.
," Sir Julian replied, laughing. "Old Nesbit would be astonished that we both remember that bit. He'd be even more astonished that we chose not to be underlings. Well, you’re perfectly correct in assuming I rigged my brother’s pick as well. It’s worked out quite well. So, do you think he’s picked yet? Let’s see.”
John smiled for Sherlock alone. He shrugged and kept his voice light. “Bit not good, yeah,” he said.
“You were concerned about me as a person, Sherlock, whether you wanted to say so or not. I know you pretend that you don’t care about people, but you do. And you’re as beautiful as a painting in a museum, so…”
“I would have told you when it was safe, John. I swear. But it never came to that. Moriarty killed them both.”
Each cigarette was a little burnt offering, a memory, a bit of his past. Smoke rising toward the heavens. Cense the altar of my soul with acrid fumes, and I shall be clean.
never know how I did it. What I said. Yeah, you could stop me, but you’ll never know the truth. What kind of result do you care about? That’s the question. Let me take you for a ride. C'mon.”
“Because I worry about Sherlock. Constantly. I’m not asking you to be indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
?” Lestrade yelled. Sherlock took a step back. Why was Lestrade upset? He had caught the killer, hadn’t he?
“Yes, barely.  I measured. Coffee’s made,” Sherlock said, tilting his head toward the counter. “We are doing the turkey for two reasons. First, Mycroft lost the coin toss.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said. “They know to keep me updated by phone. Could you eat something? It might help.”
Suddenly, he threw the pill aside, spun Hope around, and put an arm around the man’s throat  in a chokehold.
Past one o’clock, and he had narrowed it down to two. Victor Trevor. University of London lecturer. Handsome. Quite beautiful, really, in a pale, fine-boned way. Twenty-eight. Not Mycroft’s cup of tea, but that was another story. Biologist, so they’d have things in common. Subscriber to the London Symphony. Gregarious. Lots of friends. Why, again, had he chosen not to choose? Really, if he tried to second guess everyone, he would be here all night. On paper, a good match for Sherlock, if anyone was.
Mycroft’s voice echoed in his mind. He had made Sherlock play out the game since he obviously needed the practice. Sherlock tipped over his shining white king. His hand hardly trembled. Mycroft stood up.
“I’ll start toasting and cutting up the brioche and soaking the dried apricots for the stuffing while you’re out.”
Sherlock sighed. He knew he wouldn’t win this battle. He reached a hand up and clasped one of hers. He turned to look at her. She was still slight, but age and motherhood had given her gravitas. Her grey hair was still long, swept up into some sort of chignon. Looked good on her.
Mycroft sniffed. “For how long, Sherlock? Perhaps it would be good for you to have a partner. Besides, it is legally required that you initiate participation in the lottery on your twenty-fifth birthday. In case you haven’t been keeping track, that’s tomorrow.”
“You thought I’d become reconciled to living without you? Not for one moment. Anyway, while you’re thinking about the appropriate method, I’ll smoke. Shall I tell you about my first cigarette? That’s something non-smokers have never understood. Freud never said the thing about a cigar sometimes being just a cigar. That’s a myth, and it’s something a smoker would never say. Someone who actually understood smoking once said that each cigarette is the recapitulation of all the identical ones smoked before and after. They are moments, John. They freeze time, they suspend it, they transcend it, they connect it.”
He had liberated them from the secret drawer in Mycroft’s Belgravia study when he packed the books for the estate sale last week. His brother probably had them squirreled away for world crises. Unfortunately, the world now lurched on from crisis to crisis without his brother to oversee it.
Six years ago, he thought. Just six years. Sherlock flicked the hinged top of the antique brushed silver lighter, also liberated from the drawer in Mycroft’s study. Manipulated the little wheel, ignited a tiny flame. It was a lovely art-deco thing. He hadn’t had a cigarette in almost twenty years. He had promised John.
fine. Of course you're not… I should have asked how you were feeling, shouldn’t I? I should have said something…”
“Don’t you see? A few hours after his last victim, he receives a text that can only be from her.” The phone stopped ringing. “We’ve panicked him. Now he’ll make a mistake.”
“I’ve seen a lot of gunshot wounds, Doctor, and a lot of gunshot wounds to the head.” She didn’t turn to look at him. She gentled the sheet over Sherlock’s barely moving chest. Just the barest of movements. The barest of breaths. In and out. In and out.
He looked at the picture of one particularly comely auburn-haired woman. Pianist, painter. A lovely, vulnerable mouth. He touched the picture’s mouth. No. Too vulnerable for Sherlock. It would be a waste. Why in heaven’s name hadn’t she specified sexual orientation in her pick? Or anything. Why take such a chance? There was a story there. He supposed there was a story in every photo and piece of paper on his desk.
Sherlock nodded. He was grateful that Mycroft hadn’t told him again that caring was not an advantage. Or tried to reassure him when they both knew that would be whistling in the dark.
Mycroft’s hand squeezed his shoulder. Mycroft knew everything, of course. How close they had come. How devastated he would have been. How few friends he had. How important they were. How little defense he really had anymore.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean… I know it’s late. I lost my way. I would have been here earlier but I took a wrong turn in Selham or Slinfold. Very confusing names you English have.”
He  followed the cabbie into one of the buildings, and up a flight of dark stairs. Hope opened a door and stood aside, gesturing for him to go in. It was a large room. Long wooden benches, whiteboards, plastic chairs. Classroom.
“Oh, you heard that? I wondered if you could. I thought perhaps, if you could hear, you would be bored and grateful for a distraction. Yes, the victim had a pink suitcase. Go ahead, enter the number. Are you doing it?”
He turned his hand over underneath hers and squeezed her hand. It was soft and warm, and somehow comforting. “What?”
Suddenly there was a small bottle sitting on the table between them. Glass, pill bottle. One large capsule inside.
Well, John supposed that the brother of his partner would be involved with his family. No use mincing words.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, but I’ll go up. Long day.” He wanted to check his email. Had Captain Watson even gotten the email he sent? He had no idea how long communications to Army bases in Afghanistan took. His research had revealed that internet access was problematic and expensive in combat areas. Most soldiers seemed to have access only to shared computers, and those were usually in high demand.
“Where did you even get this?” Mycroft held the ovoid monstrosity in front of him as if the pigskin personally offended him. Perhaps it did. In Mycroft’s opinion, the only game for a gentleman was cricket, but if forced by circumstances to play footie, the ball should be round.
Mycroft looked at him strangely. “You care about him, don’t you? I feared this might happen. Well, be that as it may. He is alive, Sherlock, at least he was a half-hour ago. He was shot in the shoulder during an attack on a Taliban stronghold near Lashkar Gar. They think it was a sniper targeting the medical personnel trying to help the wounded. He lost a lot of blood, but they got him to the nearest hospital at Camp Bastion. It’s serious. He’s in surgery now.”
“Twenty years. John made me quit for good when we… When he realized we were going to be together. What we do for love.” Sherlock’s voice sounded bitter, even to himself.
“You haven’t heard the whole thing yet. You won’t think it’s dull. That may be the last thought you have. Don’t even need this with you.” The cabbie put the gun back in his jacket. “You’ll follow me.” With that, he walked away.
Lestrade didn’t know quite what to say. “I’m sorry about John, Sherlock. Mrs. H told me what happened. Have you heard anything?”
John just nodded and took another bite. And another. Then he paused.  “And Molly? That was the other name you mentioned. Who’s she?” He took another larger bite. The veal was meltingly tender, the pasta was still al dente even after all it had been through.
Anthea came through the door, talking and jabbing at her cellphone. “The dinner from Zabar’s will be here at 2:00. The ambassador said to tell you that he got Chambers Street Wines to open for him and made the selection himself.”
He stood up abruptly from the kitchen table where he was working on an analysis of tobacco ash, then felt dizzy. He couldn’t speak, so he shook his head.
“Laptop, tablet, Ipad, something...” His phone battery was low, and he didn’t want to risk losing the fix on the victim’s phone. He looked up at Lestrade and Anderson, panting beside the car. “Quickly.”
“Did you ever wonder if you were the first? Much too gentlemanly to ask, Captain Watson. Well, I’m sorry to disillusion you, but not by a long chalk. I was, I suppose I am still, bisexual. But you were the first partner to love me, I think. I’m almost sure. Isn’t that more important? I think so. Anyway, I’ll make a long and rather sordid story short. I told you I was a lonely child. I was even lonelier at school. I was different, and most of them hated me. I went to Magdalen when I was sixteen. I was a virgin. I fell in love with a boy named Victor Trevor. I thought he loved me. Then I was no longer a virgin."
“I liked Dr. Watson,” she said. “And you’re…” How to put it in a way that wasn’t as insulting as she usually was? “And you’re better with him. You didn’t want to mess him up if you died. Am I right?”
“You’re wrong,” Hope said. “You’re wrong 'cause I give everyone a fair chance to outsmart me.  And I take the same chance as they do. There’s a good bottle and a bad bottle. You take the pill from the good bottle, you live; take the pill from the bad bottle, you die. I play fair. It’s your choice. You pick whichever you like. I’ll take the other one. Come on. I want your best game.”
That surprised a laugh out of Sherlock. God, he could hear John say it. He missed him so. Emma Caldwell was the occasional help. She cooked and cleaned and complained about the messes Sherlock made.
Things seldom went according to plan for John Watson. That was the downside of being addicted to danger. Whenever things went to hell, as they often did in Afghanistan, he carefully reminded himself of that. He had chosen this, continued to choose it. He volunteered to head the trauma team airlifted to the crash site of an American Chinook helicopter. His Battalion was closest to the site, so they were able to get there before the Yank medics. He thought of nothing but triage and battlefield surgery for thirty bloody hours.
Standing on the stone pathway, hand still raised was… himself. It was like looking into a mirror. No. Like looking back in time. Forty years.
John Watson.  Eight years older than his brother. Not handsome. A bit weather-beaten. Not fair, Mycroft thought. The man had been serving Queen and Country in the desert regions. Quite heroically. Why had he given up his exemption…? He looked career military, and many of them chose not to partner because the residency requirement could be difficult to manage. Mycroft looked at the Ormula clock on the mantel. Two o’clock.
Greg had dug out candles. Molly was sitting close to Sherlock with her hand in his. It was, he admitted, somewhat comforting. With his unencumbered hand he poked at a piece of baozi. Steamed bun. His favorite.
“Sure,” the man said. “You can go get those coppers back there. Right now. I won’t even run. They can take me down.”
Mycroft had actually tried to connect with him when he was home for the holidays, but his career at Balliol and entrance into the foreign service when barely twenty left them little time. Sherlock had entered Eton at ten, been kicked out at eleven, went to Winchester.They seldom saw each other.
Sherlock puffed contemplatively for a few minutes. John had chosen well. The beech tree had shed most of its golden leaves on the grass that covered his grave and the back hedge shielded them both from the worst of a light wind that had kicked up.
“Good God, that’s wonderful,” he said. “I haven’t had a cigarette in three years. Liz made me quit when she agreed to marry me. Since she’s a saint to put up with me at all, it was the least I could do. You?”
“Of course. Most serial killers are men, and he couldn’t be seen with a pink case. Took me less than an hour to find the right skip.”
“Dr. Watson is awake. We need some assistance,” the voice said. It was a man’s voice, lighter and more highly pitched than the other voice, precise and commanding. He somehow had no doubt that assistance would be forthcoming, and he relaxed.  He struggled to open his eyes, blinking against the fluorescent glare.
“I was hoping you’d give me more of a challenge,” he said and left the room. Sherlock had sat there for a long time, looking out the window, refusing to look at the wreck he had made of his gallant knights and stately bishops.
“I’d like that. To be friends. If you can forgive me for calling you a freak. I just didn’t understand. I’m really sorry.”
There were no emergencies or newly-wounded the next day, so after John did rounds on the few soldiers still in their makeshift battalion hospital waiting discharge or transport to Bath, he asked for an appointment with Colonel Billingsly.
The thing about not being gay gave him pause. Had he given any indication in his email that he was interested in any sort of sexual relationship? He didn’t think so. He would have to reassure Watson on that score.
His eyebrows rose. Even he hadn’t expected the partnering to have good effects this soon. Something was possessing Sherlock to express… gratitude. Perhaps he had chosen better than he knew.
He played his violin at all hours, until Mrs. Hudson came up to the flat at three o’clock one morning, interrupted a passionate rendition of the opening chaconne to Bartók’s Sonata 124, and threatened to evict him or call his brother.
“See, no-one thinks about the cabbie. Invisible, just the back of an 'ead.” He smiled. “Proper advantage for a serial killer.”
“Ta for the welcome. Would have been here earlier but the traffic on the upper artery was murder. I thought smart cars were supposed to fix that. We brought dinner. Molly’s talking to the vicar. Nice guy.”
“Chinese,” said Sherlock. “I’ll… try. I’ll call.” He stood and went to the drawer where he kept the take-out menus. He went to the lounge to retrieve his phone and sat down heavily in the grey leather chair. He ordered wonton soup for himself and shrimp with Chinese vegetables for Mycroft. How long would they have to wait? What if he never got to tell John about the skull? What if John never slept in the bedroom upstairs? Even though he could hear Mycroft talking softly into his phone in the kitchen, the flat had never felt emptier.
“Don’t draw back like you’re possessed, Sherlock. It’s just a stole. I was doing a visitation of the sick before I came here. Old Mrs. Henry isn’t long for this world. How long has it been since your last confession?” Simon sounded perfectly serious. Sherlock admitted to himself that he had started this, so it was a fair question.
the kitchen table with his sample to study. Cataloguing the effect of frost on something, John guessed, and did not ask.
Sherlock's glee didn't even look faked. John was reminded for a second of Sherlock's reaction when a step in an experiment was completed successfully and
pretending he was so ignorant about the world as to believe the P vs. NP problem had been solved and had lead to a method. He knew what
The table was better carved than the chair, the small countertop better than that. John was improving at this fetid life.
"No. 'Who am I' the game. Do you really go around asking people for your own identity?" Sherlock growled. John shrugged, trying not to blush. "Do you know
“Four letters, first letter ‘m’, for ‘flat-topped elevation’?” John ordered, filling it in. Sherlock growled and flopped down onto his back.
procedure but there were faint blood stains all the same, seeped into the crease between the concrete street and brick walls. Rain had not washed it away
John checked all of the dogs' harnesses and lines and pulled the iron claw from the snow before he climbed back onto the foot boards.
And if it was Sherlock? John closed his eyes, exhausted by the notion. He dreaded their remeeting. Sherlock Holmes, truly alive, the most likely recipient
over. “I arrived, having been escorted there despite my will and with all the pomp and circumstance you’d expect, to find Sherlock sitting, completely
of hot tea. The room was too dark to make out his expression. John took a gulp of the scalding, barely-seeped drink and wrapped his fingers around the hot
"Put your hands behind your head and get on your knees," John ordered, recognizing security services' helicopter in his peripheral vision as it landed.
If Sherlock had had the choice to jump or get shot he'd have chosen the gun every time. John was sure of it. He'd want his killer to do it for real, get
Christ, but Dr. Watson. The man had looked on the verge of collapse when she'd seen him, after. His eyes did not track through the world right, like he’d
John returned to pulling a log out of the stove without burning himself, deciding not to comment. A disordered kitchen was hardly the salient crime here,
"Well, we're fed through winter," John said cheerfully, pulling his skinning knife from his belt. He stilled suddenly and his smile melted from his face.
The bear had gotten into the fish cache. John and Iqniq wandered over the frozen river bank, inspecting the broken bits of timber that used to be a strong
"-Weird -happen," he started as he came into the living room. He stopped signing immediately, hesitating in the doorway. Greg and Donovan were in their
John to stay. And in three weeks it'd be Christmas and their last case would be over all the same.
do something -stay, leave him alone, follow him, plead, touch him somehow? - there was no clear way to know
He stayed quiet, focusing on relaxing the muscles in his feet. Sherlock stayed still, a bit of frozen company, and the sun slowly diffused the room with
"Nevermind," Greg ordered. It'd be easy to tell; wherever Sherlock went chaos followed. He led Donovan to John's door and knocked, grimly recalling the
By two AM there was nothing more to do but wait and John blessed Sherlock as the man finally gave their address home to the waiting cabbie.
John pulled back too far, pulled away, letting the cold air strike him and Sherlock let himself growl. It came out more feral than he'd meant it -not good?
"You're not gay," Sherlock said finally. He'd been sure of it. John huffed out a laugh and pulled the intestines out of the animal. They came out in one
"I'll buy more online. Free delivery coupon came this week," John replied and Sherlock inhaled, finally catching up. John would buy mugs because they'd
John snarfed his food, making his decision. If there was ever a reason pubs existed, this was it. He got back into the living room and found Sherlock still
chest wall. Michael Limon, Moriarty's hired goon 'Mike'. It was difficult to find an employee with no principles, much less one who'd uphold a contract.
"How long has Harry been drinking?" Sherlock snarled without looking up from the case file. John paused from sliding his food onto a plate. Right. One of
"He took care of you, didn't he?" she asked and Sherlock focused on the screen. "And you're a right wreck now."
bridled at the sight and pulled himself out of the car, yelling something about his brother and leaving John with the tab.
expected Sherlock to reveal some clue, some brilliance hidden in their conference room wall that he'd just exposed, but Sherlock just walked away from the
John scoured the newspaper twice over but there was nothing. He grabbed the top sheet of the stack of vocabulary next to his desk and started on it –
Sally Donovan's address was written on her personnel file. And, as far as Sherlock could tell, approaching the ill-kept townhouse, it was still accurate.
He knew this hospital, had done his rounds here once. Had spent his breaks lounging on that roof. He knew which hallways to run down, which ‘staff only:
"-See -you -after -" Sherlock walked past the man, losing the rest of his sentence. He slammed the door on the way out and wished for a moment he could
my life addicted to opiates and nicotine and I’d rather spend an evening with a record of John’s screaming on repeat than another hour in your company,”
escape when his captor would be the most on guard, returning from an absence. He needed to find a way to deescalate the quiet times between the torture
"-I -don't know -how -you -remember -forever. -I -know -how -you -forget -how?" John argued, his hands slowly moving from one word to the next. Yes, this
Why would they possibly care, the ones who'd condemned him in the first place?Misplaced guilt? At a time like this? It didn't make
"No, right one. That one's closed. I need work," Sherlock growled out. The man was wasting his time; he couldn't just
Bloody hell. Sherlock had paled and stared at him like he'd said something horrible. Had peered at his photographs, as if fighting disbelief.
"So it's got to be someone you know. That narrows it down considerably," Sherlock replied and John glared.
"Go away," he ordered and the woman stared, looking utterly flummoxed before her eyes widened, glancing between them with something like understanding.
and this was a large trash bag, large enough to fit the fake Reichenbach Fall. No, they'd have had to check it at the front and that would have put a
starkers, wrapped in a bed sheet. So, as you would, I asked him if he’s at least wearing pants-” John started. In moments, he had her bent over laughing
“I hid all her skillets,” Sherlock blurted. John turned toward him, baffled, and Sherlock flushed. “Just in case.”
“Her wedding ring. Ten years old at least. The rest of her jewellery has been regularly cleaned but not her wedding ring. State of her marriage, right there. The inside of the ring is shinier than the outside, that means it's regularly removed. The only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. It's not for her work, look at her nails – she doesn't work with her hands – so what, or rather who, does she remove her rings for? Clearly not one lover, she'd never sustain the fiction of being single over that amount of time, so more likely a string of them. Simple.”
That wasn't a prank. And it wasn't Aunt Laurie. John read the note again, breathing through his fingers.
almost in surrender. Not in true surrender - he threw up in hands in frustration whenever he gave in on something; not to keep himself from hitting
bindings. He decided not to fight the point. Harry scoffed, digging in her purse for something and hiding it under her shirt. John ignored her and she left
"I still don't understand," John said, waiting for the sound of a helicopter approaching. No doubt it was landed nearby, waiting.
and the man grinned, apparently only just realizing that John would have to keep signing anyway. "-Yes. -You -deaf -still. -I -sign," John replied to the
"Do you think they give them classes?" Sherlock asked out of the blue. John looked at him but found no clues forthcoming in Sherlock's stiff expression.
looking concerned. John could guess why - He never startled. He had always been too grounded, too aware of his surroundings, too aware of Sherlock in
restaurant to our right and a new kitchen aid was fired for leaving it there. The scene went unremarked upon for two full days until the body was found in
Mycroft. Apparently he’d finally caught up. Sherlock shoved his phone back into his pocket. It wasn’t wise to have it out anyway, huddled under a bridge
surround itself with grass and professional landscaping. Its modern design complete with huge windows and stained-glass front door reminded John of
The trial wasn't going well. If it weren't for how bloody obvious Moriarty's involvement had been, the P.A. might have actually managed to cock it up
"I must say, Sherlock, this is a remarkably legal arrest for you. I'll barely need to postdate anything," he drawled.
back into the car they'd left out front. Moriarty had played his hand; his reputation was the target, then. Moriarty would burn his good name.
Sherlock was lounging by the fire, sharpening the skinning knife, a pile of waiting steel beside him. John threw his wet glove beside the stove, explanation enough that he’d be skipping checking the traps. Sherlock handed him his sharpened whittling knife, silently accepting the morning inside. Gladstone glanced between them briefly and returned his chin to Sherlock’s knee.
everyone else, John knew, if they could see. He'd always been grateful for the hidden edge to Sherlock Holmes. "Now, where is Sherlock?"
He felt a warm hand grab his shoulder firmly and he was twisted to face Sherlock again. The man looked pensive, too pensive.
"Then what are you giving me for Christmas, Mr. Holmes?" Magnussen asked. Sherlock allowed himself to look as self-pleased as he felt.
“Oh,” she said, her eyes dimming. Apparently his silence answered her question and it wasn’t as much fun when he wasn’t thrilled by the notion.
the twinge of self-consciousness that still hit him as he walked almost naked past the man, Sherlock had deduced all he was going to. He'd gotten shot and
he's brought the letters to London - so no matter what he says, he's ready to make a deal. Now, Magnussen only makes a deal once he's established a
another word, still smiling, and John pushed the flowers into the middle of the kitchen table, unsure what to think.
"For being a Muslim. Or did you think he was a middle-eastern man with traces of fabric softener in his hair because he thought it was conditioner? His
"You should eat," John commented, feeling like he was sliding back into old habits before the words fully left his lips.
its toll. "You caught this. You'd never miss it," Sherlock breathed. John blew out a heavy breath and nodded. Too much sentiment. He didn't have the
He worried, putting the kettle into the sink to fill it. He really didn't need that awkwardness to come up.
he realized, stepping back a bit again and glancing at the genius currently peering into his laptop. John put his kit on the table and
couldn’t call attention to him. Damn it, but he’d lost his chance. Sherlock punched Moran’s pillow and flopped onto it again. He needed to sleep. Then he
He could do this to the man, see John high in a way he never otherwise could, see him lost in it. The power rushed over him and Sherlock found himself
then, irreplaceable. A photograph or a video or something self made. Something self-made and irreplaceable that showed definitive proof of John's
John didn't see Sherlock at all that day. He went to work, half hoping he'd get a text luring him away from the grind of congested children and fevers. He
Sarah had fired him, that was obvious. That, at least, was to Sherlock's advantage. John was miserable everywhere; 221B couldn't be that much worse.
headed to her desk to pull up a plan of the city and a list of the condemned buildings. This was going to take a long damn time.
"John," Sherlock called but John didn't pause. "I -". Emotions roiled in his stomach, mixing regret in with his fear. "I should have brought you with me."
in a flurry. “Oh my god, he looks horrid. Look at his bandages. The man on the phone said he’d gotten into an altercation with another man, what does that
“A year ago, in Prague,” he answered shortly, handing over the dice. John glanced at his slings and Sherlock threw the dice for him without a word.
homosexual proclivities? A picture or a video. Photographs, then, most likely. Of sex scenes? John did not blush when he set the box down in obvious
between them, and finally she was gone. Sherlock made his way across the room and started shoving at the couch until John got up from it and moved to help
John stilled, barely daring to breathe as he stared blankly at the computer screen. Sherlock would have seen that coming. There was no way he would have
"-Sign -E-N-O-U-G-H -how?" John asked finally, when he felt his eyes were about to cross and it was time for dinner. Sherlock taught him to brush his
cold to be sticky. John caught Sherlock's shell shocked expression and smiled grimly, realizing it was the first question he'd asked since that late night
"I'll challenge him then. Tell him he has something I want and I know something he needs to hide. His Modus Operandi; he won't be able to resist showing me
It was after their dinner of boiled caribou shoulder when John spoke again. Smoke filled the room from the stove, dissipating slowly through the small
waiting in the wings. A jolt of yearning shot through him and John exhaled slowly. They'd been such idiots. He returned inside.
"Hello pet," the man started, pushing his glasses up his nose with his index finger. "You know, when he was on his deathbed, Bach, he heard his son at the
he needed help in a case, but he'd be calm enough to think of the gesture. Molly was a possibility, she was socially inept enough to always be
They arrived at the palace finally and Sherlock strode up to the officer of the guard apparently undeterred by the armed soldiers shouting to stay back.
John heard the words raging between them. He was grateful for the opiates, keeping his emotions vague. He stopped fighting the sleep dragging at him. They
for God's sake, now that Sherlock wasn't around to sniff it out. Her life was the work, that was who she
John pushed himself up. He felt nothing from his back or shoulders. At least Sherlock kept him on schedule with his pain medication. But he felt
He'd sit in 221B again, watching Sherlock Holmes in all his glory, take his gun out of its safe, walk down to the parking garage on Green Street, and blow
tightened his grip on the man's shirt before he'd even considered it. Sherlock smiled again, looking nervous but pleased, and John met his gaze.
but Sherlock couldn't tell any difference, the man was still mouthing 'blue' and staring up at the ceiling, apparently
"I couldn't determine if you were embarrassed to learn in front of me or if you simply fancied a wank," Sherlock replied easily.
John turned back to see Sherlock push his hands into his shorts. He was too skinny. His eyes were red with sleep deprivation. It was only then his disguise
“From the case? How could I?” Stupid was definitely the way to go. If it all went to court he could say he'd been duped by the madman – like everyone had.
black lead dog looked up from his frozen fish and growled, standing up slowly, his eyes focused on Sherlock's face. Sherlock frowned, watching John drop
throat. She relaxed and glanced at his slings again. "I was caught, captured. Tortured," he explained. Her eyebrows rose sharply and she lifted her pen
"Clearly. The bottles in the refrigerator – for the parents to feed the child overnight. There was no breast pump in the house – clearly not the mother's
tray on the small table beside him as she’d done so many times for him in the past. This time, though, she pulled the table in front of him and settled
even peed like a normal man. She left Philip watching him when she went to eat and always came back to find Sherlock in the same position, sitting in an
thing he needed was an exposé on his medical and service record and it was clearly coming to that.
Sherlock wanted to growl. He had an experiment to perform and he knew there were boundaries. He couldn't walk up and just press himself against the man
"I recognize that I must resign myself to the idea that Molly Hooper was correct on a subject," he snarled.
A hand jutted through the open door and threw a load of twenties at the driver in a little flutter of shimmering bills. John gaped at Sherlock but the man
Sherlock picked up his cup, pretending to give himself time to think. It was obvious, John would win, John was
John scoffed out his annoyance, though no one was listening and went to get his kit. He checked his supplies of disinfectant, bandages, swabs and medical
Fury rippled through him and John grabbed onto it, pouring his fear into the desire to rip someone’s body apart. Mike walked into the room shortly later and John was coated in sweat, panting, but still he pretended to have fallen back asleep, pretended to be difficult to wake up, pretended to be docile.
minutes, even if it never comes," Sherlock replied, turning back to him, his eyes cold. "Irrelevant either way, as you were not one," he added.
against a wall -were deep purple and the bulging was receding – four or five days old - that fit the time frame for occurring with his alleyway capture.
He pulled out the last two beer mugs for their tea and set them by the stove in front of John. John raised his eyebrows like he was expecting something
that house; and as long as it is, the personal freedom of anyone you've met is a fantasy." Sherlock glanced at him again, looking nervous. John sighed.
Sherlock walked with him and John struggled not to brush him off. His pride churned in his stomach, worsening when Sherlock left him sitting on the toilet,
"Why do you want me gone?" he asked. Even he could hear his tone had shifted; quieter, plaintive. John let the
"And you let me grieve you, when you had another option," he confirmed. Sherlock nodded, his eyes wary.
"I am," the crackhead commented. John closed his eyes, trying to remember all of the reasons why he'd left, why he'd wanted Sherlock to be in pain. "Is it
"She should be hibernating. She's most likely starving, sick, or rabid," John stated, putting the buckets down and walking back toward the house.
favors, ask for nothing in return, and laugh when they say things resembling jokes,” Sherlock ranted. Harry stared between them both, her mouth open, and
"Right. Well. Now we've had that. Goodbye, Molly," he said. She nodded, hugging her arms around herself.
And he'd start by learning where Magnussen kept his blackmail materials. Surely someone had to know. He just needed to find the blackmailer's victims and
"-But -you -like -different -music -different. -You -say -you -hate -R-O-S-S-I-N-I, -different -how?" John asked before turning the stove on under his pan.
"Not worth the commute, no," John agreed and Sherlock gathered up the poker cards to put them away. This felt good, John thought, lazily wiping the beer
box of beakers onto the kitchen table. Restoring it to how it’d been before. John didn’t know why he couldn’t stand the idea. He’d been happy, hadn’t he,
floor, however, has been recently bleached,” he repeated. It didn’t seem to help. Lestrade shook his head, his jaw clenching, and glared up at him.
"I'd love to know where she got her information," John mentioned lightly. They'd stop talking about Sherlock or they wouldn't lift their arms for weeks.
"I'd assume so," Mycroft replied, getting his bag ready to go to his next class (inconspicuously placing his gun in it as well).
For some reason, this made John laugh, which confused Sherlock even more. Why the bloody hell was this kid so nice? He had no logical reason to be, seeing as how he had obviously been bullied and abused his entire life. According to basic psychology, this should have made John a bitter, cruel bully himself. But somehow, it hadn't.
" he glared at the entire student body collectively. "Will be reinforced." With that Harvey shuffled the papers on the podium in front of him, cleared his throat, and began to read.
Sherlock couldn't remember the last time he'd had an actual conversation with Mycroft that didn't end negatively. Even before they had gotten arrested, their relationship had been falling apart for quite some time. This saddened Sherlock in a way, so even though his brother's presence still irked him at the moment, he didn't want to say anything that would turn their civil smoking session into a fight.
"I have English," said Sherlock, as if that was all the excuse he needed to justify being late. Before the two could say anything else he was out the door, shutting it loudly behind him.
the worst part?!" Molly yelled in disbelief. "You're telling me I was almost killed, and you're focused on-"
Mycroft almost smiled, he was so glad to hear his voice! But there was nothing to smile about yet. "This...this silence. It's eating me alive."
The lady looked at him and raised her eyebrows over her thick glasses. "The first 2 means it's on the second floor. A's are on the right, B's on the left. Other than that, the numbers go in order. I'm sure you know how to count. At least, I hope so."
While Molly tapped her foot, huffing impatiently ever now and then, John watched her and tried to deduce her the way Sherlock did to people. He knew very little about her from the one class they had together, except that she was very quiet and always did her work, and was always one of the first people to complete tests (after Sherlock, of course). He wondered what she could've done to end up in Baskerville's School for Troubled Teens. Sherlock had said something before about Molly not belonging here. Had she possibly been sent here by mistake? Did Sherlock know this simply by looking at her?
"Don't remind him," John muttered, as Sherlock was still pacing frantically and cursing Moriarty under his breath. "Sherlock, you've got to calm down. Stressing yourself out won't solve anything-"
"Sherlock Holmes," Jim whispered, his pulse racing at the mere sensation of the boy's name on his lips. "You will pay for what you've done to me."
I've done since then has been to keep you safe! I burned every file my boss had of you, including the application you turned in back when you wanted
may have been the wrong word. They were both fully dressed and lying on their individual beds, with the intention of getting some rest before eight o' clock, when phase 2 of their plan would officially be put into action. However, neither boy was able to quit fidgeting. There were so many things that could go wrong tonight....
Finally, the boys were sure to move their unconscious friends to safety. Sherlock laid Molly down in John's bed, and John down in his. He didn't trust Irene enough to send Molly back to sleep in the same room as her, and Sherlock didn't think he himself would sleep tonight anyway.
Molly's expression changed from annoyed to worried as she turned back to Sherlock. "It's not true, is it?" She whispered. "You didn't beat up Viktor?"
"I just needed a break. I'm so fucking sick of everything right now. Classes here are a joke, my brother hates me, I'm expected to kill someone before the semester ends, and-
When they were finally in their room, Mycroft dried his eyes. "Oh dear lord, why was that so funny?"
Sherlock, meanwhile, took his seat and began to contemplate what little of Mycroft's letter he had been able to decipher, trying to figure out what, indeed, his brother had gotten himself into now.
Sherlock practically jumped up from his desk chair and grabbed his brother by the collar. "What do you know about Jim Moriarty?!" He demanded. "And what does he know about me?!"
By the last week of September, Sherlock was finally beginning to accept that this school year might be all right after all. Mycroft had gone back to avoiding him, most of the bullies had gotten bored of Sherlock's lack of reaction to their taunts, and he actually had a best friend who liked being around him. If the rest of the year stayed like this, he might've even been able to get used to the constant boredom.
Sherlock felt himself flush with pride, but tried his best to hide it. "I made most of those deductions yesterday when I saw him out the window. It also helps that bullies are quite possibly the most predictable people on the planet."
Several surrounding students were unable to believe the sight: a humongous bully running away in tears from two scrawny losers who hadn't thrown a single punch.
"Well you're going to have to!" Jim yelled at Sebastian, not in the mood to put up with his skeptical comments about Irene. He was nervous enough for tonight as it was. "We don't exactly have a choice."
The boys backed away from Molly, and John suddenly noticed that one of them- the shorter boy with the suit and the dark, slicked back hair- seemed eerily familiar. The blond boy who was molesting Molly, however, was a stranger.
"Nice to meet you Graham," said Sherlock absentmindedly, still staring intently after Viktor. Greg opened his mouth to correct him, but John spoke first.
As soon as he arrived to his next class, he opened up his laptop, erased the email he had been about to send, and typed up a new one:
After that, they both made sure to dispose of their weapons. Sherlock wanted to keep the gun he had stolen from Irene, since he didn't have one of his own, but Mycroft shook his head. He still didn't know what tomorrow would look like, but he knew that if either of them were found with weapons they'd definitely be screwed. So he dropped Sherlock's newly attained gun, along his own, into the bushes below his window and texted a quick code to his boss. The weapons would be gone by morning.
"'They take the poisons themselves', that's what you said." John said. "He makes them take it. Well, maybe he talks to them. Maybe used the death of her daughter somehow."
"Yes. He was being threatened." Sherlock told him examining the (was that origami?) newly acquired evidence before grabbing an evidence bag from the Beta forensic woman, and bagged it. The smell of another Alpha entered the room seconds before Sherlock straightened up, attention on the new Alpha. John turned to look at the Alpha. He was taller than John yet still slightly shorter than Sherlock with short, dark brown hair and annoyed eyes.
"Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection, tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man's phone, never see a drunks' without them." He said finally handing John his phone back. "There you go. See you were right."
"Two trips around the world this month." John said obviously curious how he deduced that out. Sherlock smirked at him. "You didn't ask his secretary, you said that just to irritate him."
"Sorry to interfere with everyone's digestions." Sherlock said sarcastically. "Still want to make an appointment? Would maybe 9:00 at Scotland Yard suit?" Sebastian nervously tugged at his collar before getting up and heading towards the restroom with them close behind. Sebastian began to wash his hands and John leaned against the counter and glared at him waiting to hear what he had to say, while Sherlock stood in front of the door to keep him from leaving until he was done with him.
"What? Sorry?" John asked. Sherlock needed advice? His Sherlock was unsure of something that he needed advice? John felt Sherlock's grip on his hand tighten.
"Sherlock, dear. This taxi driver..." Mrs Hudson began as Sherlock got up from his desk and over to her.
"No, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you. That says he wants you to stay in touch. You're looking for cheap accommodation and you're not going to your brother for help. That says you've got problems with him. Maybe you like his Mate. Maybe you don't like his drinking."
"They all did. They're not strictly speaking on the drug squad, but they're very keen." Lestrade informed them.
"So what do we do now? Sit here and wait for him to come back?" John asked starting to lightly shiver from the cold. Sherlock, who was looking around them, gently pulled John to him causing him to blush. John didn't think he would ever get used to Sherlock showing him affection, it just didn't seem to go with him. He hadn't known Sherlock very long, but in his mind the words 'Sherlock' and 'affection' just did not mesh. And yet, Sherlock was constantly showing John some kind of affection, be it by holding his hand, wrapping an arm around him, or hugging him close.
"Appreciation! Applause! At long last the spotlight. That's the frailty of genius, John, it need and audience." Sherlock said.
"I can see why he's interested in you." Anthea said making John wonder who was interested in him. The mysterious phone caller?
"So why are you talking to me?" John asked. Why wouldn't Sherlock want to talk to him? John was interesting and found his deductions amazing rather than annoying. But he couldn't let John know that, he might get the wrong idea.
"Scotland Yard." John told the cabby before slipping into the back, catching a woman in black recording him, however, when he tried to get a better look at her before the taxi took off, she vanished.
"Does it matter? Does any of it? He's just a lunatic, and he'll always let you down. And you're wasting your time. All our time." Sally told them and John moved to punch her in the face, only being stopped by Lestrade.
"Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea, make yourself at home. Don't wait up!" He ordered before running out the door.
"Sorry." John apologized after Sherlock shoved a man out of his way into an apartment building. John chased him up the flight of stairs until the came to the roof. Where was Sherlock taking them?
"Okay, everybody, we're done here." Lestrade said and everyone stopped what they were doing and left leaving only him and Lestrade. "Why did he do that? Why did he have to leave?"
"The luggage." Sherlock said. "Ah, probably your first trip to London, right? Going by your final destination and the route the cabbie was taking you."
"Ah, Molly! Coffee, thank you." Sherlock interrupted, bored of John's question, and handed the Omega his phone back while turning to take the coffee from Molly. She had removed her lipstick. "What happened to the lipstick?"
Outside Sherlock quickly hailed a cab and ordered the cabbie to take them to the National Gallery. John slid into the back of the cab ignoring the pain in his lower abdomen when it flared once more. The ride to the gallery was quick, as soon Sherlock was gently leading him by the hand through the crowd of both Londoners and tourists. "Once we're through here, we'll get you something to eat." Sherlock told him with a sigh as the pain flared once more causing John to squeeze Sherlock's hand.
"I don't have to!" John snapped back. It seemed to take Sherlock a few seconds to understand what John was saying because a second later Sherlock had pulled him to him. "Yeah, but if you were clever, really clever. Jennifer Wilson running all those lovers, she was clever. She's trying to tell us something."
"Well, I knew you'd find the case, I'm not stupid." Lestrade said as Sherlock began to pace in anger reminding John of a caged tiger.
"Yes, Mr. Wilkes has been expecting you." She said. "I'll have someone show you to his office." Before Sherlock could deny the offer, another Beta, this time male, appeared next to them.
"You can't just break into my flat. Do you know how long it will take to get your stench out of here!?" Sherlock growled.
And though Sherlock had wanted to hold this off for a couple of days, he didn't want to run John off that quick. Why he didn't know, but he figured it had to do with how interesting John was turning out to be. But if John was going to be his flatmate then he needed to know who he was sharing the flat with.
the megalomaniac had not gloated about finding them. Strange for a man not to mention the one detail he'd need to expose to truly defeat them. But Sherlock
"We've recovered this off of the late Sherlock Holmes' phone," Lestrade said, his eyes glancing to Sherlock’s closet. Two options, random chance or he'd
"What is behind me?" Sherlock asked, carefully matching his tone. John's face twitched in something like a smile. Approval, Sherlock thought, keeping his
most of his head splattered on the concrete behind him. He could imagine the scene perfectly. The paramedics had barely managed to keep the head attached
John wanted to say, but he could not form the words. He watched Sherlock slowly settle back into his chair, and he wanted to punch him. But he could not
million dollar Turner painting that the British Museum desperately wanted back. The museum had requested him – had likely heard of him from the Golem case
"He asked, if architecture was Turner's strong suit, how is his best work Falls of the Reichenbach?" John lied. The man's face cleared and he practically
"You'd stay here for me?" he pressed, hope rising dangerously in his chest. Sherlock huffed and shifted to support himself on one elbow. He gestured down
Sherlock laid the tea tray between them and sat down, his long legs stretching beneath the bed. And stayed silent.
squeal from the phone speaker, followed by apologetical babble. "A date, yes," Greg confirmed and John had to be careful not to laugh before he swallowed.
beautiful, trying to perfect the right pattern of simple and complex ratios to keep the brain engaged. That's mathematics appealing to the human
with that and think the man had broken it off without ever telling him. It wouldn't be out of character.
"Do you ever wonder why the hell we drink?" John complained, heading back from the kitchen. "Because I'll tell you, this is not bloody worth it," he
confirmed that Ager had simply transferred to a different bank. He ran out of the cab. Now they just had to confirm Hoyleden's presence before they alerted
Sherlock hissed at the fireplace. Volume wasn't likely, John was bothered by excess noise but not hurt by it. And he only ever got angry about it during
he thought, pulling his hands into his lap and rolling on the floor to keep his back to Mike's hidden sleeping area. He hadn't felt so naked in the whole
his hands in the bucket of water left over from the day before. He cut the frozen edges off the caribou meat and threw it into the cannibal pot for their
blade and breathed in his scent for a moment. Is this what they'd be now? Two men, living and fucking in the Arctic? Dull.
"And you did drugs and took his chair," Donovan repeated, fortunately moving past the 'girlfriend' thing. Sherlock took a sip of his beer to look like he
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Moriarty asked as if he'd read his mind. John tilted his head, trying to keep up. Wasn't this man supposed to have just met him, on accident, with no prior knowledge of his existence?
that the arrest would work the same, even with Magnussen aware of it. There was nothing the man could do, now, even if they never got an official
"How - how do you know Mangussen's schedule?" he asked and the excitement in Sherlock's eyes faded. John wanted to curse, realization coming too late.
John finished the skin in the shockingly cold night where the ice fell off the window in a solid sheet and shattered over the floor. Sherlock watched the thick clouds roll toward them throughout the night, but did not mention it. John spent the morning loosening the dogs' chains, feeding them double, and rubbing at their faces and testicles to ease the snow burn, but did not harness them. Clearly he knew what was coming. Sherlock noted the extra meter of slack John had granted the dogs. To keep them from drowning in the building snowbanks around them, he guessed, deciding to calculate how accurate John's snow estimates had been.
"Mr. Sherlock Holmes," a loud voice boomed and John turned to see a heavy-set man walking toward them, his hand stretched out. The assistant – Victoria
“These words exactly. What happened at Lauriston Gardens? I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland Street. Please come.”
his hands dirty, and would never give Moriarty the pleasure of watching him lose, watching him jump.
"You guys are a great couple," she said predictably, smiling at him. John blinked at her. "Usually couples just come in here and spend the whole time on
John struggled awake, throwing the restraining blankets off himself by his feet and pulling at his slings as he gasped for breath. That was it. He wasn't
Sherlock spent the night crossing 37 options off of his list, including drug dens and alcoholic recovery centers before he started looking for a body.
"I – Learn – BSL," he said. Sherlock groaned loudly and signed back something unintelligible. John shot him a rueful smile.
