Lestrade gave her a weak smile. “Yes, a big one, out in Europe. Bit of time away from this place, bit of fresh air and sun, and a distracting case. Murders, several. He’ll love it.”
There’s a pause. Sherlock stares at John, unmoving.
“And if I’m correct?”
“The Watsons have dinner reservations but no firm plans for the day. Sherlock is visiting the crime scene - a hotel, I believe, was where the last victim was found?”
“People will see. People will talk.” He looked guiltily at their joined hands.
Sherlock raced down a maze of corridors and staircases, and burst out of a dented door on the side of the concrete cube of a school he’d been imprisoned in for the last few hours. Although it was muddy, cutting across the school field was safer than using the main gate to go home. It was an annoying but necessary precaution to avoid the idiots who went to this school, those who Sherlock had accidentally offended during his few years there.
However, at the age of 18, he had started to run out of psychological explanations for why he still needed his imaginary companion. He could only imagine the merciless teasing he would get from his older brother Mycroft for indulging in something so illogical and sentimental. As such, Sherlock’s only friend remained a secret.
“It’s dinner, not the end of the world, you idiot. You can have however long you like with me, when we get home.” He took Sherlock’s hand, and pulled.
“No, don’t worry, I’m just going to go to bed I think. Tired.”
Sorry this is a little late! In my defence I’ve been in and out of hospital the last couple of days. (This is another bid for sympathy kudos. Don’t give in. Only give me deserved kudos.) Follow my Tumblr if you want to know way too much about what’s happening in my life and see me reblog some great Johnlock memes (and for fic updates) @thejohnlockoutlet. Enjoy :)
He hadn’t realised, until the wedding itself, that this was really happening. It had been a game, a task of organisation. He’d enjoyed the mental exercise, figuring out the little details of the day John would like. Completely ignoring the emotional significance the day could hold. But it had cemented in Sherlock’s mind, in the small country church decorated in blooms he himself had chosen. The ceremony. Those words. Those promises.
“He texted you? While you’re on your honeymoon?”
is that supposed to mean? Why do I know that, what the bloody hell, what the fuck do you mean by that?”
“You know, I think he has. Did mummy never tell you that was rude?”
“Your social life is hardly my concern.”
Relieved by the unexpected moment of solitude, he checks his phone, out of habit. Nothing. Not that he expected there to be anything… but maybe Sherlock might have needed his opinion on a case, or something. He didn’t want to leave his friend in the lurch.
“Look *hic* what *hic* you’ve gone and *hic* done!” Sherlock can’t stop giggling, the smile immovable from his lips as he looks down at John, a pathetic heap on the floor at his feet. He’s caught the giggles too and is rolling around. Sherlock has never seen any sight more that filled him with so much joy.
“I gave him the case though, and he’s taken it. He seems off, he’s hurting, but he’ll get back to himself soon, I’m sure of it.”
Things that Sherlock had dreamed one day, impossibly, John may speak to him. He watched from the front pew as John spoke them to Mary, and as the church doors closed behind the couple and confetti flew, he felt the doors finally close on his hope for him and John ever to be anything more than friends.
“Where -
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, just case stuff. You know Sherlock, probably forgot we were out here, didn’t realise he wasn’t supposed to. Still…” he couldn’t help but say it. “It was nice to talk to him again. Like the old days.”
“Um, yes?”
“Sometimes that’s the only way to get the case solved.”
Sherlock looked away. Leaving the quiet of the wintery park and plunging back into the company of people they knew was the last thing he wanted. John Watson, so embarrassed about his feelings, would surely want to keep this between the two of them.
“Perhaps. I assume you have a sink here?”
John tries. “Sure, that’d be great.”
“What?” John was completely thrown. His mind really did work at a snail’s pace. This conversation should be dealt with as quickly as possible, so that John would resent him less. He’d already driven John away, after all. No point twisting the knife in the wound.
- did -
“Of course. Medical student. Think you know everything already.”
John wonders whether he’s going too far, too much, too fast, but his subconscious is miles ahead and guiding his hands over places he’s never been able to touch before and it’s
- you send -
“I… can I not have five more minutes. Two. Just a little longer, with you?”
“I wasn’t even there long enough to have an argument! Why can’t I have anyone in my life that plays a more significant role than you?!”
“Both of them, in the same small French city, eating salad Niçoise feet away from eachother as we speak. Oh god, what the hell have I done…”
John scowls. “I can apologise for myself, thank you. I’m sorry if I offended you, I just don’t believe… I don’t think we’re in the position to be spending this much money on wines.” Mary turns beetroot red. John has, clearly, upset her by saying this, and he tries very hard to care.
“Well, you’ll have to choose what happens then. But I’m telling you, there’s no way I can afford to buy the whole government drinks. Or the secret service or whoever.”
Darkness falling outside the bedroom window, he sat in his mind palace for a little while, sorting out memories of John. He tried to forget every detail he could about the wedding and the sex holiday and their flat full of new kitchen appliances and clean tabletops. He shook his head. Only insignificant details like dates and locations could be deleted; his head still drowns in the memory of John’s tender eyes on Mary in her dress, his hand on Sherlock’s knee in the drunken haze of the stag night,
“Oh.”
Somehow, the 18 year old Sherlock was reminded of this moment as he stood, blood-soaked and lost for words in the doorway of Angelo’s Café. He had succeeded in leaving the schoolhouse, but after that… he didn’t like to think about what had happened that night. But the next day he changed schools and he hadn’t been off guard for a second since. Until now.
Sherlock was suddenly aware that he was being stared at by several of Angelo’s late-night customers. It had taken him longer than usual to notice this, and that realisation disturbed him. He had been shaken by the stranger. That wasn’t supposed to happen. Not to Sherlock Holmes.
“I know this friendship is important to you, Sherlock. It is to me, too. If we both work together, we can get past this and remain friends. I’m sorry to have put this bump in the road for us, but you don’t choose who you fall in love with, do you?”
The large window burns bright with Mediterranean sun as Sherlock assembles the evidence into reasonable order and assembles comprehensive background research on the victims. Next, he turns his attention to the gunshot wounds - he’s unsure what kind of gun was used for the murders, and his usual sources are yielding nothing. This is one of the parts of his mind palace that he’d let rust and decay, and eventually he’d deleted altogether; John would tell him the answer before he’d even begun to access the information, and it was a waste of space to store information on both their hard drives. John has detailed knowledge of weaponry, medical biochemistry and popular culture, so Sherlock has very little detail on these subjects. This, of course, has now become a problem, since the time came when he was no longer able to consult his knitted-jumper-wearing external hard drive.
Mrs Hudson seems so relieved when she sees Lestrade at the door it increases the pit of worry in his stomach. The woman is always in a flap, but beneath that is steely strength that is usually a match for Sherlock’s most severe tantrums. She looks out of her depth today.
“You should’ve worn shoes built for the weather, you idiot. And, after Christmas, everything moves slowly. It’s nice to take the time to see the sky and feel the wind on your face. Time to be calm, to rest, to relax, to think. To reflect on this year and look forward to the next one. We have plenty of time to get there.”
Lestrade feels completely wrong footed. “I didn’t know you were such a romantic.” He takes a sip of his beer, unsure why he’s suddenly feeling nervous. “John’s married now, he’s not the sort to skip out on his wife.”
Sherlock did seem intrigued by the case, sitting up in his chair as Lestrade read him the particulars. He remained inside of himself, not even looking at the other man as he spoke, but Lestrade could see his brain start moving again, like a rusty car engine being revved into action.
This chapter is dedicated to Fellshish, who I’m sure knows where I got the inspiration from for this chapter - although I would never be such a scrooge!!
Dinner is booked for 8 o’clock at Le Negresco Hotel. John buttons himself into his shirt and puts on a brave face.
“And so, you’ll be needed out on location, in Nice. It’s a nice city, and there’s a flight and rooms booked if you’ll take the case.”
That struck a nerve. John coughed, and made to get out of the room, anywhere. He ended up in the small living room, surrounded by chairs and cushions and cozy decoration. He didn’t sit down.
here?”
“Why… why would I leave?”
Sorry that these idiots all text like dads but honestly you know that Lestrade doesn’t have time to type out full words on a 2014 phone keyboard.
Dinner is booked for 8 o’clock at Le Negresco Hotel. John buttons himself into his shirt and puts on a brave face.
“We could do with some relaxation tomorrow, I think, and it’s not going to be beach weather. Why don’t we use those vouchers for the spa Stamford sent us?”
Unfortunately, the passengers of flight EZY1895, London Stansted to Nice Côte d’Azur, knew exactly what was occupying Sherlock Holmes’s mind, because it was their private business, being loudly and unapologetically deduced in between moans of exasperation.
“Not a problem, sir.” The waitress speaks in clipped tones, detectable through her thick French accent. She shakes her head. “I’ve had much worse rudeness even today, men coming in here as if they own the place, saying their little comments. You English men seem to need to learn some better manners, I think.” She tries to pass the comments off as a joke, but the laugh is false. John orders the expensive wine just to get her to shut up.
I wrote this chapter on the coach home, and I would like to ironically dedicate it to the child who stared at me the whole time I was typing this, as if he'd never seen a laptop before. Mind your own business, kid.
“I hope they do. It’ll stop them eyeing you up in the street, hopefully, if they know you’re unavailable,” John grinned. “Hurry up now. I can’t wait to tell Lestrade why we’re late! He’ll have a fit, I’m pretty sure he’s had bets on us from the start. Him and half of Scotland Yard.”
“Are you a poet, now, John? God knows your blog posts are over-romanticised enough, I don’t think the world is ready for your poetic debut. Say what you mean, you know I don’t have time for such flowery language.”
“Leave?”
Eyes straining in the dim light of New Scotland Yard’s very outdated office building, Lestrade tidied the papers on his desk, picking out the file for the case he’d told Lestrade he’d show to Sherlock this evening, the case out in Nice, France. He had been a little worried that Mycroft might object to sending Sherlock away from London at this difficult time, but Lestrade seemed to think it would do him good, and thinking about it, Baker Street may not be the best place for Sherlock to stay right now, living alone where he once lived with a companion. Lestrade knew that feeling. The emptiness he still feels in his own home is pronounced and painful, despite his wife having left a couple of years ago now. If there’s any way he can help Sherlock feel any better than he did when his wife left him, he will do whatever he can.
Sherlock knew these things; but he still refused to tell anyone about John.
Lestrade knocked on the door and braced himself. This was going to be tough.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you just insult my mum, you piece of crap?!”
“I’ll get more beers in, unless His Majesty of the British Government would prefer wine?”
“Did you know, neither have I. What the fuck.” John exhales again. It gains the same response, breaking through Sherlock’s inflexible stance, and for once, he feels he might have the upper hand in the situation. Fuck it. “It’s my last night of freedom, tonight.” He tries drawing small circles on Sherlock’s neck with his nose. Sherlock visibly gives up pretending to be a statue, relaxing into John’s touch and spurring him on. He explores the expanse of neck with his face, his lips occasionally brushing the delicate skin. Not quite far enough to cross a line. Not yet.
“Another flat. To move to. After you move out of 221B.”
Everyone around him is having the time of their life.
You’d think I engineered this whole thing around the Nice/nice confusion - but actually I only thought of that as I wrote this chapter, having planned the whole thing… I just chose it because I went there on holiday this year, and I read a lot of Johnlock fics out there, so I was imagining John and Sherlock in that place. John’s shitty airport experience was nothing compared to mine though, I have no sympathy for him. We had issues checking our bags, my medication nearly got taken away in airport security - I had to take the whole night’s dose before we went through, we were stuck in a boiling hot corridor with no water for several hours while I was feeling like death from all the medication and there was no where to sit down. I nearly passed out! Then we were stuck on a grounded plane for another hour, which finally took off giving me the worst headache I’ve ever experienced in my life, I thought my skull was cracking open, it was hell. The saving grace was that I’d downloaded my favourite ever fanfic, Dear John by wendymarlowe, to reread. I owe that author my life, I’m sure! I don’t know why I’m writing this annecdote here, but things have kind of got away from me a bit. I’ll wrap it up now. Next chapter expected next Monday, or before!
Sherlock watched the second hand of the plain clock on the classroom wall tick round. 5 minutes and 14 seconds to go…
Usually when Sherlock was wrong about something, he was full of irritation, and fell into a terrible mood. Yet as he shouted about this failure, and he was grinning broadly at John, who blatantly had no idea what was going on.
It should be noted that especially from this point, Mary’s characterisation leaves the realms of canon.
Sherlock was sulking. Nothing new there. John wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction of knowing that he was actually a little hurt by Sherlock’s lack of interest in the fact that he was leaving the country for a week, but he had to admit to himself that it hurt. It wasn’t really a surprise; Sherlock had been very distant since his and Mary’s wedding last weekend. His texts hadn’t been answered, and Sherlock had been out the couple of times he’d called round to Baker Street. It seemed like now John was settled in a marriage, Sherlock had decided that he was too old, or to boring to be included in his wild, exciting life. He wouldn’t even meet John’s eye as he and Mary said fond goodbyes to Mrs Hudson and discussed the weather in the south of France at this time of year and where they were staying and their flight arrangements. Sherlock was tuning it all out, John knew him well enough to know that. He was in his mind palace, off thinking something through, in some memory or strand of reasoning. Sherlock had stopped even pretending to listen, his back to John and Mary, looking out onto the street below. His shoulders were stiff.
The taxi pulled up at 221B Baker Street. Surely a far too posh place for John to be able to afford, he thought, disappointed. He was not a well off man, and having to travel so much by cab because of this damned leg was taking its share of his army pension. Anyway, such a dazzling man as Sherlock Holmes would never want to live with someone as boring as John Watson, injured army doctor. He would enjoy it while it lasted, he decided, opening the door of the cab.
“-coffee. Please.”
“The first break-in was at this off-license, John. Three days ago.” Sherlock gestured out of the window on John’s side of the taxi. “After it was closed, between 2 and 3am. But no one approaches from the street. An invisible burglar.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wandered along the dark street, barely noticing the cold. He spouted deductions about passers-by to John as he walked, enjoying the feeling of freedom from the captivity of his small suburban home. Angelo’s all-night café was in a much rougher area of the city – much more interesting to Sherlock. Criminals crawled the Greenwood estate’s streets at night. His parents didn’t like him going over there, but they always had been a touch overprotective. His snoozing, upmarket estate, Welford, was much safer. Much more
“Ahhh, Sherlock! Do you perhaps need to get cleaned up a little?” Angelo was speaking. It wasn’t important.
The taxi passed through Mile End as the two passengers sat in silence, Sherlock deep in thought, John watching the city pass by out of the window.
“I’m a
Frustrated, he considers his options. Mycroft would love Sherlock to come to him for help, and the thought of his smug smile rules out his assistance immediately. The police would take days to respond, and this case is potentially time sensitive. The internet is being little help, and the search is tedious. There’s only one option, and although it feels like some sort of line crossed, Sherlock can’t bring himself to worry too much.
A week since moving in to 221B Baker Street, John found himself in another taxi, speeding through twisting London roads to the east. A string of break-ins ending in a murder had caught Sherlock’s attention enough for him to have left the flat and rushed to hail a taxi, ordering John to come too. For some reason, John was always expected to come too, and he was more than willing to oblige - somehow, John found adventure with Sherlock Holmes difficult to resist.
Mycroft sighed, a small amount of relief flooding him. A nice case, for Sherlock. That should do the trick. This whole Dr Watson situation had signalled danger to Mycroft since they had met, and he had closely monitored the situation to prevent such a thing from happening, but as he watched, it had happened anyway, and now Sherlock was hurt. He was so soft. Mycroft needed to protect him. A nice case, yes.
As long as Sherlock could remember, John had been there too. He thought he must’ve picked up the name from conversation around him in early life, and attached it to a face and personality. John never had an appearance in solid form to Sherlock, but they would converse in his head and he was such a comfort to his young self. When he was ruthlessly bullied at school, John reminded him that the bullies were so thick they would be lucky to get a job at all, whereas Sherlock had his pick of any ambition. When he was moved to a new school and universally ignored by everyone, John had gossiped about the other pupils with him and laughed at his jokes. In short, Sherlock didn’t mind being isolated even from his own family if John was in his head.
John. In a minute, he’d be fussing over Sherlock, doing the little mother hen routine that John always did.
“Well, there’s only one way to settle this, isn’t there?”
“The mess? You mean the
If you are unfamiliar with the English education system, Sherlock is in his last year of school, and A Levels are the exams that determine if/where you get into university. Clearly Sherlock is studying chemistry, but I didn't do A Levels because I'm not smart enough so I know nothing about A Level chemistry so it's kind of vague there, sorry! I'm not sure whether lots of schools had a gate to get out through the back of the field, but I know that some do, and it worked nicely with the plot for it to lead onto the street, so that's how it is.
“Um… yes.”
This man, this boy… looking at him, he was between the two words. His dirty blonde hair cut in a boyish style, but with light fuzz around his chin. Sherlock observed him in profile, and as his mind booted up again he started to take him in with his usual detail. Short, but well built, strong. Medical student. About 20. Lives with his parents. They aren’t well off. He’s come straight from a date with a girl he didn’t have much interest in. It went badly.
“John! Be quiet, you’ll show us up!” Mary says in a harsh whisper. She turns to the waitress. “I’m so sorry, forgive my husband for his rudeness.”
He worries for just a second when he realises Sherlock is still relaxed but unmoving under his touch, but as John’s hand pauses on his chest, the hammering heartbeat tells him all he needs to know. Of course, Sherlock does everything his own way.
The tension breaks as John closes the apartment door behind them. He had known it would.
John looks him straight in the eye, deadly serious. “No. Right person, Sherlock.”
“We have to go, Sherlock, come on,” he encouraged, when the detective showed no signs of movement.
Shhherlock, I can fix a hiccups, it’sh fine!” With no warning and alarming dexterity for someone in his state, he seizes Sherlock by the arm and yanks him to the floor next to him. Sherlock tries to land with grace but misjudges and ends up a heap of tangled limbs next to a hysterical John.
Sherlock feels the blood rushing to his cheeks at the noise he’d just heard come from his mouth, and that isn’t the only place blood is heading for. He may be oblivious to some social cues, but this is unmistakable; John Watson is behaving towards him in a… sexual manner. He doesn’t stop after Sherlock’s yelp-gasp-sound. He seems if anything to take it as a signal of encouragement, and he begins exploring Sherlock’s neck with his lips, tongue and teeth. Sherlock fight a very short internal battle between his morals - John is in a relationship and soon to be married - and the secret desire that has burned within him since he first laid eyes on Dr John Watson, 5th Northumberland Fusiliers. He satisfies his morals by accepting that he himself has not yet done anything, has not reciprocated. Right now this was all John, and although he isn’t about to stop him, his conscience can take it as long as he isn’t an … active part of the situation, whatever it is. He tucks his hands under his knees. Keep them out of the way.
“For you, Sherlock, help yourself, on the house!”
“Landed just before 5 o’clock, local time. Thoroughly engaged in the case, you couldn’t drag him away, I’m sure. We’ll just have to keep a remote eye on them. My best agents are on it, I assure you.”
Sherlock’s eyes shine with repressed desire. John has never seen anything so beautiful. He feels he is drowning in the pools of ice blue, those eyes that see everything, they’re totally focussed on him now. John can very rarely tell what Sherlock is thinking, but his next move is unmistakable. His gaze drops to Johns lips, slightly parted and short of breath.
“All. The. Time.” And then John bit his neck.
Mrs Hudson gently smiled, understanding, and let him upstairs. “Good luck,” she whispered, and slunk back downstairs, to safety.
Mary keeps speaking to him from her position by the door, her voice soft but firm. “John, walking away from our disagreements won’t solve them, you know that.”
“You think I can’t live without you? Oh, John, you do think highly of yourself, don’t you. You left your family early because the ongoing struggle between your feelings of obligation and hatred towards them were unbalanced, probably due to an argument. Don’t lay that guilt at my door!”
“Sherlock? I don’t understand. What were you wrong about?”
John watches a pinprick-sized plane cross the bright blue sky, and wishes he knew what the detective was currently occupying his mind with.
The airport was a hassle, as John expected. He hates domestic travel abroad, but Mary insisted. Apparently it’s not a real holiday if there isn’t a beach. When John pointed out that England has beaches, the look he got in return told him it wasn’t worth the argument. As a second hour passes trapped in the nether-zone between security and the boarding gate, Mary decides she’s going to browse the shops, just for something to do. John remains seated, blaming his leg. Since the wedding he has felt more pain in the joints than he has since- well, since he met Sherlock and moved into 221B, years back.
Mycroft looks up, eyebrows raised, skeptical. “And what’s that?”
“Do you have another place lined up?”
However inscrutable he was, though, he felt an unexpected pang at leaving the home he had built with Sherlock over the last month. With Christmas drawing closer, the prospect of sharing the season with his unusual found family in Baker Street had been a thought of comfort to John. He had never particularly enjoyed painfully forced socialisation with his blood relatives and so usually was filled with dread from the first time he heard Mariah Carey sing “All I Want For Christmas Is You” each year. But this December, no such feeling had surfaced; the only similar emotion he had experienced was that which he was feeling now, speeding through bleak streets towards the south London suburb where his parents lived.
“Message from Lestrade. He says ‘where are you, the potatoes are getting cold.’ We’ll have to go.”
“Hm.” Sherlock clearly thought that unlikely. John wondered, again, why he was in the taxi at all.
“Um, Sherlock… you were the one who demanded I move out the minute I started talking about my feelings. There is no “her”. There’s just you, who I most definitely have not had enough of. Are you ok?” John’s sympathetic eyes rested on Sherlock’s face, which was twisting in confusion.
“Was it something I said?” He was only half joking. Sherlock just looked at the shorter man. “Please… take something to wipe up the blood with, at least.” He dug out a not-quite-clean tissue from his pocket and held it out. Reluctantly, Sherlock took it, holding it to his face.
“Amateur sleuth, are you? Is that how you got in this mess, on the trail of some crook?” And he smiled. Sherlock didn’t quite know what happened to him when this smile hit him, but it felt comforting and terrifying at the same time and he wanted to both run away and stay with this smile forever.
He was so absorbed in this cheerful prospect that he almost bumped right into Mycroft on the pavement outside 221B, getting out of an obscenely posh car.
“No, we mustn’t tell John he’s there. My intelligence suggests that he shouldn’t be near Sherlock at present. His current state is volatile. It seems he’s not a big fan of seaside holidays. If only Mary had let Sherlock plan the honeymoon as well as the wedding…”
Please let me know if you spot any errors or typos in this, all my writing is unedited or beta’d because I’m a stubborn bitch who doesn’t like to be told I’m wrong. This chapter was super tricky to write - I’ve wrested with it for hours, it did not come easy. I hope it reads ok! It’s very angsty-John-ful, but I’ve merged it with the next chapter so there’s some lighter stuff at the end! Bear through it!
“Something you wanted to talk to me about? What is it, what have I done? Was it that mess in the kitchen? I can pay for anything damaged of yours - call it a late Christmas present.” Sherlock hoped that he could ease John’s embarrassment and annoyance at him if he smoothed the problem over as quickly as possible. He could see where this was going: John was going to move out.
“Who’s making that noise?”
Sherlock and John go on a case together, and the taxi ride proves inspiring for both of them.
“Yeah, Carlson Murphy’s body was found at Le Negresco Hotel, it’s some fancy place along the promenade.”
case?” With the different inflection of the word, the penny drops for Lestrade.
This chapter is dedicated to the motivational forces of ThePersianSlipper, TodayWeAreSoldiers and SherlockedCarmilla/CarmillaCarmine for telling me to stop sleeping and write this damn thing! This fic literally would not exist without them.
” Sherlock’s face lit up with a glow of excitement that only a really good case could give him. “The canals! The robberies in Mile End, Hackney and Stratford were all buildings which backed onto the Hertford Union Canal! And of course, the junction in the canal meant he had to change direction - he went north-west towards the Hackney Cut, and stopped in Clapton on the way to perform another quick job, and that’s the one that went wrong.” He grabbed his phone and slammed in some numbers. “Lestrade? Lestrade?! Canal boats! Look for the killer on a canal boat, he’ll be somewhere north-west of the Hackney Cut by now and the weapon and blood-stained clothes should be in the water, I presume. I can’t believe you didn’t get this one, I solved it in the taxi, hadn’t even arrived at the scene!”
Towering blocks of council flats surrounded the boy now, but he was tall and not afraid. He wasn’t alone, not when he had John. And anyway, these days Sherlock felt he had very little to lose, so he had no cause for fear. He was safe from anything hurting him as long as he kept everything locked up in his head. Any feelings he had were shared only with John.
The laughter eventually dies away, and Lestrade struggles to regain control of his breathing. “Weird coincidence, though, the two of them ending up in the same place like that. Only Sherlock and John, huh?”
“Ooh, posh-boy’s got a mouth on him!”
“At the point you nearly impale me on your umbrella, you’ve earned the right to call me Greg,” Lestrade replied with a chuckle.
Sherlock is feeling warm and fuzzy all over, his fingers and toes pleasantly numb. It’s hard to see a reason to argue with John, so he lets him have his way and lets himself bask in the glow of happy John, so close he can feel the heat from his body.
I’m also sorry that it’s very sad most of the way through this story! I needed to write myself out of the sadness of this part of canon and give it a much swifter and simpler happy ending than we will ever get in the show itself, but I must admit that there’s still a lot to work through and deal with before we get there in this fic. I’m suffering too, but I promise we’ll escape this sadness and it will be all worth it in the end!
“Ah.” Mycroft clearly understands.
Misery has been the background radiation of his life for so long now, he’d almost forgotten it wasn’t how people were supposed to be. His happiness was a lost cause, a childish dream he’d stopped chasing years ago. He tried to be content with contentment, or resigned to his resignation, but he inevitably ended miserable about his misery.
Yep, I got ya. Sherlock and John haven’t bumped into eachother… yet. Check back soon for the next chapter! And, yes, Sherlock does have John saved as “Captain” in his phone. Of course he does.
Watch out for some filthy language from Lestrade!
But no, it wasn't John, it was this man with his John’s voice. And that was exactly what John would’ve said, some stupid joke. Not worth wasting the oxygen on it, and he would’ve said so, if Angelo hadn’t come back at that moment with towels and a mug of coffee.
“Mycroft, mate,” Lestrade speaks gently; the other man seems more unsettled than he’s ever been in Lestrade’s presence. “It’s both of our faults. What can we do now? Get Sherlock back here? Warn John?”
Writing the texting section of this chapter was one of those dream experiences you have as a writer, when the words write themselves and you’re just the one hitting the keys. I only planned for them to exchange a couple of texts, but the boys had other ideas and didn’t want the conversation to end.
Wait. That didn’t tally with Sherlock’s deductions. “More? John, I… I want you to stay. You’re my only friend, better than a friend. I’ll be sorry to see you go.”
Bundled in a hundred layers on a bitingly cold morning in early December, John felt the rumble of an unnatural monster beneath his thighs propelling him towards an ominous fate. The rumble, of course, was a cab, and the ominous fate a week-long pre-Christmas family gathering at his parents’ house. He’d hailed the cab from outside 221B after an hour spent trying to appease a grouchy Sherlock, before he’d given it up as a lost cause. The man was indecipherable more often than not, and the cause of today’s miserable mood remained an enigma to John.
I also know nothing about cars, but these are all real cars because I looked them up online. I'm very dedicated to this fic.
“I’m happy for you boys, finally sorting things out! Let me get you some tea, shall I?” She smiles at him optimistically, hoping they’ve reached some sort of delicate truce.
John’s teasing tone was really starting to get on Sherlock’s nerves. He had no interest in Molly, the timid forensic science first year, but she certainly seemed to have an interest in him. She always just happened to be in the morgue when he was there, trying to think. He had no patience with her. She slowed things down.
“You aren’t holding that knife correctly. You could hardly make a scratch like that.”
They passed down a few more streets, towards Hackney. Another break-in site. Sighing with exasperation, Sherlock showed him on a map where the crime scenes were, marked with red crosses across east London.
“He’s upstairs, and he won’t let me in, I’m so glad you’re here.” Mrs Hudson looked at him pleadingly. “You have a case for him?”
“Wha-*hic* wha-*hic* whayadoin *hic*?!”
"Erm- Consulting Detective. And I wasn’t really ‘on the case’ – I just happened to bump into a maniac with a knife.”
The door tinkled softly open, and Sherlock looked round, suddenly alert. Why was this man following him?
John Watson’s eyes have always been a fascination of Sherlock’s. They would see with such medical skill and steadfast kindness. They would haunt his dreams in the two years he was away from them. They looked at him as if he was worth something. As he meets them now, he makes a decision. Morals are for idiots.
“Hmm. Perhaps not. But also, not the type to say no to Sherlock Holmes.”
I think my London geography is accurate - if it's not, I apologise!
“Why wouldn’t I avoid you, Charlie? Whenever I come near you, you get your friends to attack me. I would think that the logical course of action would be to stay away. Plus there’s your frankly awful smell of body odour. Maybe your mother should’ve told
He couldn’t deny his affection for the other man at this moment, though. As Sherlock dozed off, and the magical Christmas lights that decorated Regent Street danced across his pale face, he was so soft. He felt himself drawn to Sherlock despite the resting state of his mind - he saw the texture of his skin, the gentle waves of his hair, his elegant yet relaxed frame. This should be uncomfortably close to another man… but it wasn’t. In truth, he only wanted to be as close as possible to the man whose fragility was, in this moment, so apparent.
“Tut, Sherlock, the neighbours!” Mrs Hudson remarked automatically. “He’s very unsettled by the change, and of course, he will miss you both, but once you’re back and there’s a routine he understands in place, he will be back to his normal self again.” John highly doubted this, but saying so would do no good to anybody. The relationship he and Sherlock had once had seemed irreparably changed; they hadn’t been right since he had been dead - or not, as it turned out - for two years, and with Mary now in the picture, their friendship was more strained than it ever had been. This was a fact that John was doing his best to optimistically ignore. He wasn’t succeeding.
Sherlock stopped. Not only his physical motions, but his brain ground to a halt to. He could deduce someone’s height from a footprint, he could tell breeds of dog apart from their hairs, but this. This, his brain couldn’t process.
“In… in love? So, you aren’t moving out because you’ve had enough of me, but because you are… you have… feelings?” Sherlock blinked. He’d stopped dead in his tracks, and his mind was spinning. “Who are you falling in love with? Why haven’t I met her?” John wasn’t seeing anyone, that he knew of. Was he now hiding his girlfriends from Sherlock, the world’s only consulting cockblock?
He did want John to be happy though, above everything. So he was doing his best not to be… himself. He tried to give them their space and let their relationship give John the fulfilment that Sherlock could never show him. If Mary made John happy, Sherlock would let them be happy. He just couldn’t watch it happening. Not when he was so helplessly miserable.
(See the end of the chapter for
Muffled noises now. And a voice in the dark.
Sherlock inhales sharply and turns a severe eye on Lestrade. “Why do the French police want
Leaving Sherlock with the case file, Lestrade stomped down the stairs, hoping he’s at least helped a little. Sherlock hadn’t let him stay for a drink, becoming scornful at the idea, and demanding to be left alone. A lonely evening at home for the police detective, then.
So, he’s getting what he wants. He should be pleased - if not as happy as young lovers are, then at least content and relaxed. The tempest of emotions constantly raging inside his head should be calmer, not building stronger and closer to the surface. He can’t get excited about anything Mary has planned for them out here, and regardless of his interest in the activities he churlishly wants to push against Mary’s schedule. How could the wedding have been so perfectly to his taste, and the honeymoon so far from what he wanted? Such a strict itinerary should suit him, and yet the monotony of it seems terrifying. He pushes this and all other thoughts aside. That was a dangerous train of thought.
Sherlock’s mouth twitched, then he turned to walk away.
The classrooms were boring, the teachers were boring, and the other students were boring. He was just deciding which explosives might blow up this school in the most impressive way - and how he would make sure that the act was blamed on Mycroft – when unbidden thoughts entered his head, in the voice of John.
They finally drew apart as John’s phone began to ping angrily. He pulled the phone from his pocket, reluctant to take his eyes of Sherlock’s face, which carried a loving heat directed at John.
John clumsily arranges Sherlock unto his front and, kneeling beside him, starts making odd taps and whacks on his back. Sherlock feels his skin prickle at the touch, but even through the alcoholic haze he knows that he shouldn’t let this wave of feeling take over. A hazy thoughts about the future and regret and insecurities start to surface, and he panics and shoots upwards, kneeling by John’s side, absolutely rigid and still. “I’m not sure that’s the standard treatment for a diaphragm spasm, John.”
, a voice deep inside him whispered, no louder than the winter wind whipping at the cab windows.
Sherlock went back to the textbook, idly flipping pages to find something interesting.
“Well, there is something, actually, that I had been meaning too, um. Say. Discuss. Talk over, with you.” Sherlock was intrigued. The unsteadiness in John’s voice was a departure from his usual clipped military manner of speaking - the doctor augmented his language with complex metaphors and unnecessary vocabulary, but usually he knew what he wanted to say and he said it. Today, he was unsure of himself. He was nervous, and that meant one of two things; he was going to say something which made him emotionally vulnerable, or, more likely, it was about something that he thought might upset Sherlock.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and slumps down into the chair again. “Mycroft. Why does Mycroft want me there?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t seem to stop exploring the surface of Sherlock’s body now he’s started. His hands seem to have developed independent thought and he doesn’t resent this. They seem to have some good ideas. He pauses, catching his breath, the teasing exhale tickling Sherlock’s neck. At some point he seems to have wedged his leg between Sherlock’s thighs in a desperate attempt to get closer. One hand has found its way to Sherlock’s waist, pulling John’s body tight against his shoulder and side. The other hand is tangled in Sherlock’s curls. Interesting. Now that’s something he’s always wanted to do.
“Hm. How to reboot a Sherlock Holmes. Ah. I remember.” An evil grin splashed across his face, John grabs a fistful of curls and pulls. This gives the desired effect. Sherlock yelps and launches himself at John, pinning him to the floor, both of them giggling and squirming. The same position they had been in not an hour ago, and yet so much had changed.
“It’s a special trick courtesy of Dr John Watson, Shhherlock, and as always,” he stops for a gleeful giggle he cannot contain, “you see but you do not
to, and not tell me, I should know? We were talking about fucking wine and damn money and you bring that up? Fucking hell.” A cushion falls to the floor and John realises he’s kicking one of the cozy armchairs.
Thank you everyone for sticking with this so far! I have properly planned out the plot now, so I hope you guys like what you read.
Night was falling outside the bedroom window. Sherlock sat at his computer, John vaguely to his left. As he scrolled through various sites, a new wave of boredom hit him, making him swivel around on his desk chair in restlessness.
- Sherlock?”
When he had first met Mary, John was haunted by the shadow of Sherlock - of all he had lost, and of all he could’ve had. He wasn’t such an idiot to have not realised the chance he had missed because of all he hadn’t said. He had been interested in Sherlock right from the start - attracted, even - and that feeling had only grown as they slipped into a platonic domesticity at Baker Street. He’d yearned for more. But he had never had any sign of the feeling shared beyond fierce friendship from a man who rarely let people know him. The ghost of all he should’ve said had loomed large over him for dark months, his brain filled with “what if”s that he could never get the answers to. Mary had drawn him out of his shell; she never gave up on him, though he was in an awful state. She brought a spark of the flame of Sherlock back into his life. They would go on little adventures together: driving too fast down the motorway, walking home late at night instead of taking a cab, surprise trips away with the loosest of plans, living off their wits. She feels wild and unpredictable, and yet reliable and secure in way Sherlock never was. And she was a woman who wanted to settle and start a life together. Properly, together. She was beautiful, smart, witty, and understanding. This should be what John wants. Like Sherlock, but with a stronger understanding of her own emotions, and a clearer care and commitment to John. And there’s that added bonus, that she didn’t fake her own death and make John believe she was dead for two years. He can trust Mary. There are no secrets between them.
“Have you… have you ever wanted to..? With a man?” It was barely a whisper. Sherlock was sure John hadn’t heard him until he got a reply.
Sherlock freezes. “Wrong person. You’re drunk.”
He leant against café wall, trying to make sense of what had just happened. He couldn’t even talk to John about it – that just confused things further. He was truly alone, for the first time in years.
What feels like hours later, Lestrade closes the door of 221B. It hasn’t been as he had expected at all. Sherlock was almost entirely non-responsive, but not because his mind was busy, as it often was when he tuned Lestrade out. Even when the detective was still, there was always a sense of movement about him, as if he was always ready to jump up at a moment’s notice. The outside was often still, but behind the eyes you could sense the furious movement, turning over facts and ideas and connecting clues to form answers. Not so today. Sherlock had been truly still, his eyes closed, curled in his armchair, and honestly, looking a mess. Sherlock was often dishevelled, but he did take pride in keeping smart, and his appearance going downhill was a reliable mirror of how he was feeling inside.
“You’ve got eyes and ears everywhere. We see what happens. If I’m right, the British Government buys all the guys at the Yard a round.
Sherlock leant back against the closed door, and let out a deep sigh. Initial relief at being free from the painful situation was quickly replaced by a feeling that had become much more familiar to him over the past week. It sat low and heavy in his stomach, a constant downward force acting upon him. He wasn’t used to such flights and troughs of emotion - it was one of the things that initially drew him to John Watson in the first place, the turbulent emotional response he drew out of Sherlock. He usually managed to keep detached from people, keep them at a distance, even those he liked. Meeting John had suddenly made him feel like he had been going through life in a bubble. He saw how alone he had been, and he realised what he had been missing. What he was now, once again, without.
“Hmm. I’ll have to think about it. I’ll upgrade their surveillance level and have visuals included. And of course, we’ll both have to book the next week off work. To keep an eye on the situation as it develops.”
Later on, they check in to their holiday apartment, exhausted. After staying up a couple of hours lamely trying to stay awake and read, they give in and decide to take an afternoon nap. Mary brings him a cup of tea in bed, and John smiles at her, feeling like finally he had something which resembled a normal life. He and Mary had a nice flat back home, they were married, they were doing well at their jobs - Mary had even been on a couple of business trips abroad recently. This is what John knew people wanted out of life, and that thought reassured him that he was on the right track. Everyone has doubts about big decisions, especially something as big as a marriage. It’s normal.
“Hiding in the shadows?” John suggested.
“My apologies, Lestrade! That’s the second time today I seem to have made your life worse.”
“That cut on your face looks bad. You should get it checked out.”
“Of course! And you may use it as much as you like, my dearest Sherlock! And any food or drink, on the house!” Sherlock followed Angelo behind the counter to a small sink. He could still see the customers from here. He could still see the blonde man.
“Of course not, John, use your eyes, the canal is in the way-
“All in a line, working north-east, and then suddenly a twist in the line heading north-west to Clapton. Or maybe they aren’t in a line at all? Maybe drawing the sides of a square? That leaves the culprit in the centre of the square, so obviously enclosing the area he operates from - must be a red herring. Or maybe he’s not that clever - wouldn’t have to be to fool Scotland Yard. But why these shops and homes. Why choose these ones. Especially when it all went wrong on the last break-in, and he had to murder; that was clumsy. He can’t be selecting the most vulnerable places. So there must be another link.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Those poor souls seated near him also overheard extracts of muttering, “…bloody brother… a budget airline… has three private jets… petty gesture … wait till he finds out what I put in his sugar…”
“I think he is. He never had lot of people. And none that he let into his life like John.”
Eyes meet. Dilated pupils and desperate want reflected in each pair. For the first time, they look at eachother, and see what’s always been there.
“John, I never brought up Sherlock, or- I would never! It was just a turn of phrase, I didn’t mean to-” Mary came into the living room as if entering the cage of a particularly vicious lion. Her nervous expression melted John’s anger, replacing his surface emotions with concern. “I know it’s been tricky for you John, it’s alright. Your friendship will get better, in time.”
“Government cars busy. Speed essential.” Mycroft’s breath is returning as he takes a seat on Lestrade’s sofa. “Answer question. Nice case or
“Fed up of you?” John started to laugh. The low chuckle pleased Sherlock to his core. He loved to make John laugh, even if he wasn’t quite sure what he’d done that was so funny. “Well I won’t deny that you’re an annoying arse most of the time. But somehow, yes, I’ve started feeling completely the opposite of hatred towards you. You’re a complete dickhead, but somehow I think… I’m pretty sure actually. I think I’m falling in love with you.”
“Go on then. Have a go. I bet I won’t even bleed.”
“I can look after myself, I did before you came and I will continue to do so when you leave.”
Hotel Negresco is a real hotel and landmark in Nice. I’ve never been there but needed a hotel name, and so how I describe it is entirely fictional, especially when I say it’s a little worn down and someone died there… don’t take this as bad press for the real hotel, I’m sure it’s lovely. Another disclaimer: I don’t know about guns. I tried, please let me live.
No more hiccups!”
“Well, when you go around with cheekbones like that, I suppose it must.” John sighed, and he didn’t look very pleased considering he’d just been released from the hell of living with Sherlock. “I hope we can still be good friends, even if you don’t want anything more.”
John slips off the seat of his chair, unsteady, hazy, very drunk. He reaches out on instinct and his hand finds something to steady his slowly sliding frame. Hm, warm. What is that? He looks down at his hand, gripping the knee of Sherlock Holmes. He quite liked that. They didn’t usually touch like this, but the warm glow inside them both seemed to make this… ok.
This marriage should be bringing him peace; after all, that’s why he’s entered into it in the first place. A routine to support him, stability to keep him feeling in control. The military drilled a lifestyle of strict conformity into him, and so the suburban life he’ll build with Mary, that will give him the regimented and predictable lifestyle which will keep him steady. The rollercoaster life is not for him, he’s had his fill.
“And their right to privacy…? Ah, screw it, it’s not like Sherlock worries about that shit with me and the force. What are they both doing tomorrow?”
"Sherlock! It’s been a while. Don’t say you’ve been avoiding us.” Raucous laughter. Sherlock’s heart sank. He’d left the school grounds, and was now in a quiet suburban street. A bus stop sheltered a collection of teenagers in disheveled school uniform, with malicious grins stretched across their faces. They gathered around Sherlock, leaving no room for escape.
John banged on the bedroom door with his fists and shouted Sherlock’s name again, there was no answer. Simon with more presence of mind than was generally found in a boyfriend of Molly’s, turned to John, and said, “together!”
“It’s Elrige’s, don’t blame him for it, I couldn’t never have got my hands on it if I hadn’t been staying in the house.
When Sherlock returned with the whisky bottle and two glasses, John patted the corner of the bed.
Two miles away, in the sitting room of an elegant townhouse, just round the corner from Hyde Park, two men were relaxing on a comfortable sofa, winding down from a long and tiresome day with an excellent single malt and  Ella Fitzgerald in the background when two phones chirruped simultaneously. The two men apologetically said, “I’d better check that”, and broke apart to consult their respective mobiles.
Tonight, returning to his bedsit in Montague Street, as he passes the portico of the British Museum, Sherlock cannot prevent a smile. Six months, three days and seventeen hours.
“Mr Windibank, my name is Sherlock Holmes, and this is my colleague Dr John Watson. We were recently able to render a service to your stepdaughter and we are here to return some property that she left with us.”
Greg thought.
Six months, three days and fifteen hours after the internment, Sherlock Holmes is helping the police with their enquiries.
Eurus is delightedly revealing just how inventive she can be.
Culverton Smith, every time you turn on your television there he is. If he isn’t selling you your breakfast he’s opening a hospital, killing a business or being honoured by Her Majesty. In the same week this man did Question Time, Songs of Praise and Sport Relief. The only thing he hasn’t done is Strictly.
Whitehall
. His third thought, when his eyes finally caught up with his brain was
“The boy’s kidnapping, it’s a put-up job.”
When Sherlock had disappeared into his bedroom to change into his pyjamas and dressing gown, Mrs Hudson had treated John to her pertinent thoughts on the subject of marriage. Not knowing that Sherlock had also endured the same speech, John found himself thoroughly depressed by the story of Mrs Hudson’s bridesmaid.
Crowley narrowed his eyes and fixed Aziraphale with a hypnotic stare. It was a hard look to pull off when your eyes were red rimmed and weeping but he managed it.
“Dead. After she split up with Alex she took up with another bloke and came off his motorbike one night in the fog on the M6, killed instantly. Alex was abroad when it happened, but like I said they weren’t together by then. A year later, Alex was killed caving in South Wales.
Sherlock was decent, if pyjamas and his mouse coloured dressing gown counted, it was only just gone half past nine. Mrs Hudson’s voice was barely audible above the pounding of footsteps on the stairs before an untidily dressed, considerably overweight middle aged man, breathless and red in the face from the exertion, burst into his room, paused, stared at Sherlock like a rabbit caught in headlights and promptly collapsed.
Mycroft enlists his brother's help, but why the mystery?
Certainly, Mycroft thinks, his brother’s intimate companion is a fortunate man to possess such an excellent moustache…and reliable beard.
John took a moment to compose himself, running his hands across the fresh paintwork and the cotton mattress. It was lovely, so much nicer than Rosie’s bedroom at home which he had started before Sherlock was shot and never finished.
How did she do it? One day she’s dead, the back of her head blown away yet the next, she’s taken a cab to Chinatown, murdered her husband and hey-presto she's back in the morgue. Sherlock knows it's all done with smoke and mirrors solve it and the mystery of Moriarty’s return's solved with it.
“What do you think was in it?”
“I've a bit of time yet,” John corrected, “the guy who is in post doesn’t retire until the end of the year. But one way or another it looks like this will be my last Christmas at Baker Street.”
“All this” Aveling said pointing to the fields they had looked over earlier, “belongs to the Priory Farm, that dates back to when this place really was a priory.  But once you get beyond that and the main road to Mackleton, then all the land as far as you can see is part of the Holderness estate. Of course, it isn’t all cultivated, past the farm, there stretches a great rolling moor, Lower Gill Moor. The other side of this wilderness is Holderness Hall, ten miles by road, but only six across the moor, although you need an off-roader to get across the moors and even then, only with difficulty.”
Sherlock leaned forward. “His bicycle is missing?”
“Really John, you wound me.” Sherlock sounded affronted. “Oh, ye of little faith!”
“Miss Sutherland’s speech patterns are of someone who generally mixes with people who were young in the 1950s and indicates she did not go to school. School friends or work colleagues would have influenced, even subconsciously the way she speaks, walks and dresses.  Her unhappy home life is indicated by the way she refers to her relatives, Daddy and Aunty compared with Mother and Mr Windibank. Now you know my method. It is founded upon the observation of trifles.
“He is utterly unhelpful and might die of diabetes before I leave this very hospital. Where would I be then?” he smiles warmly at John and tilts his head, “Did you get my note?”
“I...don’t ….no”
“We’re friends right? We tell each other that we needed the other. Someday I might need you to I don’t know, save my life.” John says with a shrug.
“The gun was loaded. You live in a safe neighborhood with a doorman, who is unfortunately is easily manipulated. The average criminal would find it next to impossible to break in considering you live on the 15th floor. So I guess the real question should be,  why do you have a loaded gun in your nightstand?” Sherlock spouts with a wave of his hands.
“Dearest” I murmur as I walk to take jeans out of a drawer, “Please put some trousers on that fit you properly. I don’t want the first impression to our daughter to be you in ill fitting pajama bottoms”
I calmly fold my paper and put it down. I stare at him annoyed that he would of course bring up this discussion when I am hungover.
“Anything Sherlock. We either sleep, and only sleep. Or we don’t. I’m rather hoping for the second option, but if you’re tired...hfmffs” John has to stop when Sherlock grabs him by his coat collar into another kiss.
Again the poor nurse can’t help but blush again and twist the end of her braid, she giggles and says, “Yes I know him, let me see. I could have him paged, to see if he is available?”
“Isn’t that in those copious notes you doctors always take?!” Sherlock barks.
“John despite the words I spoke at your wedding would you consider me a sentimental man?”
“For God’s sake why am I here! What happened to me? I won’t let you people experiment on me again!!” a strained deep voice asks. He turns the corner to the room to see his patient backed into a corner holding the guest chair to keep nurses and security away.
I open the phone to see who has decided to wake us on this lazy morning. But the phone is again ringing before I can look.
“Why have I been assigned a new doctor?” Sherlock rolls his eyes at the arrival of his newfound nemisis.
“How are you Sherlock? Brother finally loosening his reigns?” John asks wiping the pizza sauce off of his chin.
“Not my girlfriend, though since she apparently lets me into a hospital morgue to experiment on the bodies, that status may change. It will be a great sacrifice on my part” Sherlock sighs.
“Alcohol is not going to help avoid this discussion...John?” Sherlock calls trying to catch up with me.
“Well imagine young Sherlock having no friends, but one. We had an Irish Setter that Sherlock named of all things, Redbeard.”
“thhh dddog” Sherlock tries through chattering teeth. John’s mind is racing of how to get Sherlock warm before the ambulance arrives.  He had frantically dialed 999 as he watched Sherlock make his way slowly on his stomach towards the reddish dog that had fallen through the ice.  He knew it would end badly and was ticking through his medical skills to see how he was going to have his deathwish wanting boyfriend survive hypothermia.
“Mycroft. You lectures on my behavior have become quite tedious.” Sherlock grumbles.
“You seem damn well determined to make it so.” I spit
“Is that so?” John grins back.
“Doctor Watson, may I see my brother now?” Mycroft grumbles.
“I..” Philip starts. Before he can continue John spins towards Sally.
“Well Sherlock, most people don’t know that seizures can cause amnesia, but the officer you were working with did call you the greatest mind of London. Now are you up to see your brother?”
“Well with patients who are admitted with a severe head injuries as well as seizure activity it comes with a possibility of memory loss. Your brother believes that it is 1995.  He…” John stops and stares at the hand that is up in his face again.
“Hff I… yes… I call you about three times a week. Honestly I would trade you for three of the investigators on my team, but you won’t complete the classes or apply officially.” Greg says gesturing wildly.  Sherlock stares at the DI wondering what he had accomplished over the years and why he wasn’t part of the Yard. They were interrupted by a short brown haired girl with a large plush animal and a get well balloon in her hands.
“I think not, I’ll bring one up.” She says shakily. John looks at the frozen forms of Gregory and Mycroft and is only mildly soften by Mycroft’s watery eyes.
“Not buts, Sherlock, you are not a mistake or a consolation prize. Do not ever think that I am settling for you..ever…” I say squeezing him closer. He nuzzles closer his arm tight around my waist and stills. Just what I wanted a good cuddle. I rubbed circles on Sherlock’s side soothing him. Soon his breathing has slowed and I look down to see him sound asleep.  I hum a favorite lullaby.
“So your thing with elephants is rooted in cartoons?” Sherlock arches an eyebrow at me.
“Sister finally lose her home.”
“Forget the damn dog Sherlock” John admonishes pulling his sweater over his head leaving himself in only a shirt. Beneath his dripping curls he has the nerve to scowl at John as he unclasps his belt.
“SHERLOCK?! WHAT THE FUCKING HELL?” John bellows lowering his arms and leaning on the cane.
“Never stopped you before, worrying about what I think, shouldn’t stop you now” I smile at him
“John, how could you let him do this?” Gregory growls through gritted teeth turning toward John and entering his personal space. As he let go of Mycroft John watched the elder Holmes stalk towards his brother.
“GPS.” Sherlock mutters and closes his eyes in realization.
“Oh yes hello, how are you enjoying your break?” I exhale nervously eyeing her friend’s swelled midsection.
“You were very happy. I won’t hold that against you. Speaking of which, I’ll be taking you to bed now Mr. Watson-Holmes”
“Thank you. Why don’t you give me your version of what happened today.”
“I..”
“What is it Mr. Holmes? You’re not due for pain medication for another hour.”
“Out of my restaurant! Cretino you’re drunk” he yells and drags him out the door, “and stay away!”
“Afghanistan again, really? Opium would do well for my head I think.” Sherlock winces reaching up for the injury, “my hairrr” he whines.
“I’m not.” Sherlock says taking the pile of garbage and binning it for John. When he returns he stands in front of John expectantly.
John stares at his phone and realizes with a sharp intake of breath that he has. He finally admitted to himself that despite his dating Sarah, and his ‘work friendships’ he was terribly lonely. His former patient was the most exciting thing that had happened to him in ages. He felt a profound connection to Sherlock and he might actually want to be his friend.  Maybe, just maybe he would still want to be John’s friend if he remembered his life.
“Roberts, our possible dog’s name”
I believe that more today than I did when you first said it. I’m not going anywhere you’re not going anywhere.  We will fill the holes in each other. We’ll fill this one together. It will take some time, we will hurt, but we’ll do it together. Please believe me”
“Sherlock? are ...fff” I see what is coming now and I feel my ears go pink and I clench my fists
“Go grab your laptop. I’m sure it’s streaming somewhere.” I shrug at him and turn to find the instructions for the crib.
“Ah, well. Do you have a key so I could get back in?”
“That, um the thing is.” John couldn’t figure how to ask without appearing completely mad, “I have a suspicion that my partner might want to take him. He pulled him out of that frozen pond.”
“Just being a good friend.” John says smiling back.
“Innocent children’s story”
“What are you saying? I’ve been chasing you around London and working 30 hours a week wiping noses when you have a bloody trust fund?!” I yell.
“I’m sorry.”
“My brother is clean. Has been for six months. No need for narcotics testing. This is work related injury if that all helps.” the overdressed man says quietly.
“Not until someone with half a brain who isn’t sleeping with most of the male nursing staff tells me why I am here and why….why...your ID is dated 2014” Sherlock squints at the badge on the closest guard, a little of the fight draining from him with a slight tilt of the head.
“Fine” John says reaching out to remove Sherlock from the two officers.
” Sherlock grins over his shoulder and then sits, “if there is bicarbonate in one of the cabinets, it will help clean up the spills. Sorry about that.”
“Oooh a Dr., how fortunate. Are the two of you moving in together? There is an extra bedroom upstairs if you will be needing one?” she asks as John flops back down into the chair.
John Watson fucking hates Valentine’s Day. It is an uncompromising fact. The second that New Year’s Eve ends his muscles begin to tense, his mood turns dark, and he becomes an utter prick to everyone around him until the 15th of February.
“Stop Sherlock. Look gentlemen, I know him he’s fine. Let him go, I’ll take responsibility and see that he finds his way out. Please?” John says not liking the way that the other has Sherlock’s arm wrenched behind his back.
“Doctor Watson my brother has made more enemies than friends over the years and has viewed me as his arch enemy for longer than I remember. Yet he is my only living brother and I do care about his welfare, and yours for that matter. You need to read this.” Mycroft’s demeanor stiffens as he places a manilla folder in front of John.
Hours later as he wondering what he is going to find when he returns home, how he can handle Sherlock lazing around his apartment again, smelling of his soap when his day dream is interrupted by his text alert. He smiles.
“You’re fake sleeping I can tell Sherlock. That’s not very nice.” John scolds standing inches from his head.
I'm on
“It is his home Mycroft Holmes, he should be able stay. He must miss it; his experiments and things and I miss him. Even if he can’t be bothered to remember me.” Mrs. Hudson says crossing her arms and scowling at both of the Holmes brothers in turn.
“Anderson despite his ability to hold his tongue and attempts at being pleasant, is still not up to par with the skills I require. John as you might be unaware,  has become quite helpful. So John what will it be?”
How was even going to end that sentence he didn’t know and that really worried him.  He makes his way to throw up in the bathroom and cleans himself up.  As he is pulling on his clothes he hears the text message noise and picks up his phone.
“Muscle aches, paired with memory loss and a head injury. Seizure is the best explanation.”
“What is he doing?” John asks helplessly.
“Yes Gregory I can actually teach people if I chose to with some level of patience. I’ve come to bleak realization that I wouldn’t be able to bear the thought of John, or our children being put into deadly situations. Passing on some of my skills would be beneficial to everyone. The family I love with every fibre of my being would stay safer and The Yard would solve more crimes” Sherlock says quietly. I glance at Sherlock and realize how very strong he is despite the clinging to my hand. I inhale a shaky breath and I turn back to Charlotte who is staring open mouthed at Greg.
“Ah so you have the key to your flat. You’re just going to go over there and do what?”
“Not terribly exciting, not exceptionally palatable.”  Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“What of the man that he is now?” John asks folding his hands under his chin, elbows on the desk.
“Of course John tell anyone you want” he mutters.
“Mrs. Hudson may never forgive us.”
“John? I don’t want to put you out. Are you sure?” Sherlock stammers.
“John, we have never actively discussed in regards to our relationship the desire to have a family” Sherlock states matter of factly and it causes my spine to stiffen and my stomach to heave.
“I understand your connection to the movie. A lonely elephant teased for being different, only consoled and admired by a diminutive friend. He harbors an extraordinary talent that gains national admiration. It..it..it’s just a bit...us….isn’t it?”
Still, the way that Sherlock looked at him that morning was revealing. The nervous shouting, the pointed staring. Sure, Sherlock had flirted with John ever since they had met, yet never acted on it, never was his interest so blatant as that morning. Perhaps living as roommates would build to something more. Sherlock would learn that John was not always the strong former Army Captain, that he had his own nightmares, that he had bursts of anger and he would realize that it wasn’t something that he wanted to pursue. John, above all, didn’t want to hurt Sherlock.
“That’s great. That’s just great. You must have some questions for us?” I try I don’t know how much awkward this encounter could get. I glance at Sherlock and he is gripping the arm of the couch so hard his fingertips and knuckles are white. “Sherlock and I have been nervous wrecks over meeting you and I think it may have made him go slightly catatonic.”
“You said it PTSD. The gun serves as a reminder of my time in the army, that I mattered there,  it is comforting to me.” John huffs, the lie coming easily to him. His therapist would be appalled.
on Sherlock’s.  Sherlock shook out his hair in his frustrated way and looks up at me and gives me a genuine and crooked smile.
Imagine unaired pilot Sherlock, a little quicker to smile, quicker to flirt, denim wearing Sherlock Holmes. Whatever happened to him at nineteen years old made him delete relationships and feelings. (I promise it isn't sexual assault)
Mary had been surprising. I could see why John loved her. She was smart and funny. She was a liar and holding on to some secret I couldn’t figure out.  I’d hate her if I could but she was so very like me. She made it hurt all the more. She was what John wanted, she filled his needs in ways I could not.
“Mycroft, Jesus, he was” the other man mutters with a clenched jaw and a hand through his hair.
“How many times can I hear don’t Sherlock...not good Sherlock...Please Sherlock...before you wear me down to nothing. You saw yourself in her and it blinded you. I couldn’t tell you what I saw because it would hurt you and despite what you think I don’t like hurting you”
“Not as dangerous as your breath!” Sherlock sneers trying to tug his arms out of the guards’ hold.
I open the card with a mix of disgust and slight trepidation. It could be a stalker, or criminal luring me to work.
Sherlock continues to shake and tears continue drip off his chin. He is silent and John considers calling the psych department for a consult since the man is is so frantically undone.  Sherlock suddenly lifts his head and says, “Another person, Philip, joined in and said ‘you’re faking the memory loss aren’t you. For some sort of experiment’ now tell me, why would he say that if I wasn’t completely abnormal.”
The pink and red and frills were nauseating. Manufactured by card companies to make money, perpetuated by couples thinking one day of gifts and sex make up a year of mediocrity.  It was hateful and stupid and Mrs. Hudson was making it worse.  Her giggles and noises of flirtation were filtering up the stairs and it was becoming altogether intolerable. It was too cold to leave and going upstairs was unacceptable.
A few ragged breaths occur before Sherlock replies, “Lestrade thought it would be a good idea to…” Sherlock rolls his neck shrugging off John’s hand, “to bring me to Scotland Yard. He’s been giving me my previously solved case files to see if my conclusions would be the same, of course they were.”
“Of course. As you were Doctor Watson” Mycroft gestures to the door.
John and the other two men quickly move to the kitchen threshold and freeze. Sherlock had upended the entire table, chemicals, equipment, and all. It had caused the smaller raised table to topple over as well causing all of the lab glassware to shatter. Sherlock was slumped against the cabinets, head in shaking hands, the room silent except for his labored breathing.
“Shhh I know. Dare we risk getting them into their beds?” I whisper back.
“Prick” Gloria mutters.
I stand in our living room waiting for Sherlock to give me some flippant excuse and act like nothing is wrong.  Not today, today I would make him feel the pain and anger he  always squirrelled away in his mind palace. I would hurt him cause I could so I started as soon as I heard his footsteps on floor.
“Ok now can you hear me?” John glances at one of the nurses.
I bite my lip and shoot a look at Sherlock kneeling down over the body. We
“Elephants John...it’s just so much gray” Sherlock grimaces in the way I find endearing. I snort laugh and pull away.
“I’m not finished. I am a man who doesn’t want a life without John Watson. IF I ever remember those missing years, it will be a tragedy because you were not there. Trust me John I’m not going to abandon the one person who has made me feel normal. I love you, should be quite obvious.” Sherlock continues then finally removes his hand to cup John’s jaw.
“Sherlock, please just try to get on with the rest of your life. You deserve that, even if you never remember, you are worthy of a good and happy life. Please you will do good to forget me.” John winces as soon as that last sentence comes out of his mouth.
“John your prick patient is asking for you?”
“Amazing, I  was shot in my shoulder” he laughs then remembers himself, “Margaret, please page his actual doctor if you would, Mr. Holmes here is no longer my patient. I will  escort him back to his room. He is still experiencing pain and lethargy and shouldn’t be on his feet” he guides Sherlock back towards his room with a gentle hand on his lower back.
He finds the man glaring at another man across the waiting room and catches a growled responsibility..
“If I must. Did the officer arrest me?”
They finish their meal in a comfortable silence and John puts together few boxes. Sherlock begins with the overflowing book shelves and begins a pile of the books and papers to pack. The two work for several hours until John groans and checks the time. He looks at Sherlock  as he is plucking items off the wall and putting them in a large envelope.
“Sherlock please” I gasp, my face crumpling and I take my head in my hands. This was going to wreck everything we had built, I’d lose him or he would force me to leave.
“John..I..”
“Sherlock we’re married” I blurt out over the fact that we hadn’t killed each other before the short ceremony.
“You say that now, but if I were a woman you wouldn’t have to worry about all of this” he gestures weakly to the pile of print outs on the coffee table.
“John?” he gasps and drops to the ground with a sob.
“What you did to Sherlock. You realize that he can’t remember anyone or anything he has done the past 19 years. Can’t remember how he treated you at all, and you felt that it was ok to call him names and basically push him away from something that he enjoyed and was excellent at. I’ve looked him up, plenty of cases solved for you!” John says finishing with an all too wide toothy smile.
“hmm?”
“Oh so not mad then?” John asks sitting back surprised.
“John Watson, blondish hair, 167 cm,” Sherlock cocks an eyebrow, “devastatingly handsome.”
“Sherlock I’m sorry I know you’re frustrated by this. I don’t doubt that. Why don’t we tackle moving house first and revisit the baby search then. Maybe some random neighborhood teenager will get knocked up and fall into our laps.” I whisper my heart clenching at my partner’s unguarded sadness and frustration.
Over several days Sherlock recovers. He sleeps a lot he freaks out every time someone brings a new piece of technology into the room.  When his brother visits he always has to be given something to sleep later.
I promised a happy ending.
“The morgue with Molly. But I felt a bit peckish.” Sherlock says waving a hand at John’s plate.
“Right, and utter cocks. Sherlock Holmes you are better, more brilliant, and more pleasant than those two. You can be a bit off putting at times but, do you want me to have another psych eval to prove it to you? To prove that I am right about you?” John asks
“Excuse me?” Mycroft’s eyes go wide.
This chapter was really hard for me. I struggled with using info and dialogue from the episodes without bogging everything down with rehashing. That being said I added some info to fill some holes for myself, like how did Sherlock know what was going on during the press conference, and I personally feel that after the pilot - Study in Pink, Sherlock and John if not banged, made out like teenagers.  So, that being said, next chapter will sort of slide into Blind Banker, but with a twist. The next update will be again, long in coming since I have ideas, but haven't written a word.
“And If I don’t?” John asks with a gasping inhale.
“It looks like I...had some issues...intravenous drug use. That’s a bit troubling.” Sherlock says running a finger along the well healed track marks.
“hmm?”
The two men eat ravenously in a contented silence. Sly glances and smiles of contentment shared.  As their plates began to clear, the waitress drops off a small plate of fortune cookies and the bill.
“Sherlock. I see you’ve been having plenty of visitors.” Mycroft says batting against Molly’s balloon with a sneer.
“Mr. Holmes.” the man growls.
“You were right John. Thank you. I’m better.” He moves to take something out of his inner pocket and puts a folded manila folder on the counter.
“I’m going to stop you right there Mr. Holmes I have just had about enough of you telling me what to do. I do not enjoy you threatening members of law enforcement nor the assumption I need to sit down...,” John growls. Before he can continue beeper alerts him that the test results are ready, “your brother’s results are in I.. need..”
“The file on my brother, about his life before his current head injury. I think that once you read it you will have a better understanding of who my brother truly is, not this shell of a man who has been lounging around my spare bedroom. You see Doctor Watson, my brother is not someone who bothers with friends or…attachments” Mycroft smirks.
“Shhh,” John says looking around, “Sherlock according to this she had an asthma attack while swimming. Almost drowned. Almost being the key here. She most like inhaled a quantity of water, developed an embolism, and since she made it home, family out of town, she died. Secondary drowning is what is called. Have the coroner reexamine the lungs.”
“Oh I think you’ll find him back here sooner than you think.  I think it was a bit much having his brother yelling at him. On top of everything he was trying to process up there.” John grimaces.
With that though there was no more from Sherlock and John made his the dreaded call he had gotten sufficiently drunk enough for, the hangover was more than enough punishment for what he was going to do. He called Sarah and told her that he was sorry that he didn’t want to string her along and they shouldn’t be together anymore. Sarah took it well, admitting that they were more like brother and sister than lovers. They reassured each other that it wouldn’t be awkward, but knowing it was lies. Silently agreeing to avoid each other.
John has frozen in place. He was used to the emotional families he had seen over the years. The families he had to tell their loved ones were gone, his comrades in arms’ spouses he had to tell that their soldiers weren’t coming home, but this was different. The greatest mind of London, a brother threatening the life of an officer in the presence of many witnesses. Who was Sherlock Holmes?
“Right as always Sherlock” I grumble swallowing.
“Doctor Watson” Mycroft exhales with annoyance.
“It’s either that, someone from my homeless network, or straight to surrogacy. I’ve done the research John. I am not being flippant here” Sherlock tone changes from seductive to combative and he moves to sit up looking like I’ve slapped him.
“Sherlock Holmes you are normal, as if there is a definition for that but I would diagnose that you’re depressed, a bit anxious, and who would blame you? You’re missing almost two decades of your life. Those people that called you those things today are unbelievably inconsiderate. You have a therapist right? If he thought you were a something violent or worse he’d do something about it.” John asks
“Of course John, I am very sorry. It was nothing.” Sherlock mumbles and continues his pacing down the long hallway between his room and the staircase.
“Now that is intriguing.  A lot of cases?” Sherlock asks amused and eyebrows raised.
I couldn’t fight the wobble of my voice at the end of that little speech. Begging with my eyes that it would finally sink in and Sherlock would understand.
I stumble into the bathroom for some paracetamol and basic hygiene and then out to the sitting room for tea. Oh..John...what? Oh god. The memory of last night came slamming back to me. I freeze in the kitchen hand on the kettle and watch him asleep on the sofa. He stayed, the night, on Valentine’s Day. Something was epically wrong, something I couldn’t deduce. I turn on the tap to fill the kettle. I tried to reconcile how to handle this morning. I stared at the blue light, wishing I wasn’t so weak, wasn’t so drunk, should have gone on the case.
Mrs. Hudson looks between the two men and nods. “Of course dear. Just let me know if you are returning permanently, with or without a guest.” She winks and quietly leaves and shuts the door.
“Tired, defeated, lonely,  I hate that I have noone to talk to but you. Molly is grating on my nerves with all of her ‘don’t you remembers’ ” Sherlock glares at John with the last word. John decides that he should no longer be afraid of Mycroft.
“Sherlock I am merely here because I want to tell you that I regret my actions of yesterday.” Mycroft says as he takes the opposite chair.
“John? How she was in the middle of her living room, her home locked,  she wasn’t in the bath. It isn’t possible!” Sherlock shouts.
“Read it when I was seven.” Sherlock says finally standing up from the tub and wrapping himself in a towel.
“John. Listen to me. Please don’t be upset but I … rather… Mycroft and I...we have have a trust fund….I have money.” he starts but I’ve pinched his upper arm.
“Of course” Sherlock says taking a sip of tea.
We get into in the seat our hands clasped together tightly, our opposite legs jumping nervously. We don’t speak, both too nervous about our impending fatherhood. Sherlock’s thumb is wearing a ridge into the back of my hand though, and I, I can barely breathe I am so excited and afraid. When the entrance of the hospital pulls into view I take a deep breath from the bottom of my lungs and look at Sherlock. His eyes are wide, his jaw clenched, and I reach and rub a thumb at the juncture of his jaw and ear.
I commissioned
“I can pick locks remember? rather not do it on my own flat don’t want to scare the neighbors, Mycroft’s desk drawer was easier than expected for the work he does.”
“Yes, but I’m on an antidepressant, I don’t think it’s working” Sherlock says quietly
“Right.” John mutters and turns back to the epic mess in the kitchen.
Done...it was all done…
“I was afraid. Of hurting you, of taking advantage. I can’t read people’s minds like you can. If you were wondering, I knew you were attracted to me when you told me the color of my pants.”
“Sit down John, it’s alright. Drink that, it’s very good and very expensive.” Greg mumbles as he sits down on the chair.
“Myc come on. Let John take care of him.” Gregory says quietly taking his arm.
“Ok, good that’s good, doing something familiar. Did you remember something? Is that what happened?” John asks his mouth turned down with concern.
It had been worth it. To keep Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and most of all John in the world. Jumping off that roof had kept the one person I cared about most in the world alive and it was worth it.  It wasn’t worth this aching emptiness that I was feeling in my chest. The emptiness of the flat, the quiet, the pain.
“A what?”
“Could be better” I mumble fixing the tea.
John went to work. The texts stopped. He felt a sense of relief. He began to lose the cold fear of losing his job. Things got easier and better with every day that passed.
on my ring and
“Maybe Molly will let you know if she gets a victim in the morgue” Lestrade mutter as he looks over the note that Sherlock has taken.
“Get in the car Mr. Holmes.” the many grunts.
“Well since we don’t know if he belongs to someone we still have to send him. If noone claims him in a couple of weeks there will be home visits, paperwork and stuff. I can tell them you are interested, put you first in line?”
“What did you have to say to Doctor Watson that you didn’t want me to hear?!” Sherlock blurts.
“What are you saying Sherlock?” I croak raising my head to look at the man on his knees before me.
“I won’t lie to you. I was a bit caught up in my wedding and impending fatherhood. Sorry about that”
“Of course not, snuck out, wanted to relearn the streets of London on my own. I believe I have all of,” he pauses to check his watch, “thirty minutes before Gregory or my brother’s minions realize I am not where I am supposed to be.” Sherlock chuckles.
“That, that’s a real human skull” John stutters walking up and lifting the skull delicately. He notes there are no markings of being an artifact or a specimen. John shuddered at where it might have come from.
“Not humanly possible. I just know you, every shade of your hair, every wrinkle on your face, every scar on your body. You John are my perfect mystery and I learn more of you every day”
“One time...one bloody time” he mutters completely recovered as he turns to find the realtor.
“I’ll say it anyway.  I love you Sherlock.” John says leaning forward to kiss Sherlock lightly.
“Are you here to threaten me again? Cause frankly, it isn’t going to work.” John declares not missing the small flinch on Mycroft’s face.
“Right, thank you Gloria. Try to be respectful of the patients if you can. Even if they aren’t of you” John says spinning on his heel and heading toward Sherlock’s room.
“It’s Greg. Yes well the whole deduction thing you do doesn’t always come across as pleasant, but apologies go a long way.” Greg smiles kindly at Sherlock a hand placed on his shoulder in comfort.
“What about these suicides then, Sherlock? I thought that’d be right up your street. Three exactly the same.”
“Exactly my concern.  Have you ever wondered why he lost precisely 19 years, not 5 years, not just weeks? Or he can’t remember any relationship he has developed but can remember information and facts?” Mycroft asks.
“Excellent.” Sherlock crows with a clap of his hands. He finds a chair to lurk in and waits.
“Not terribly hungry, have a killer to catch. I’m thinking cabbie, why else would all these unrelated and apparently happy people just off themselves. Who do people trust and are virtually invisible. The London cab” Sherlock mutters. Having seen something in the mirror he get’s Angelo’s attention and orders a glass of wine which he promptly throws in his face.  John can only watch in amazed horror.
Sherlock stops his observation and watches John close his eyes and bite his lip in frustration. He knows he has hit too close to home. Their conversations have danced around John’s service to his country and his assimilation back to London. Sherlock knew that the doctor didn’t sleep well, he knew that he didn’t get along with his sibling of unknown gender, he knew that John was struggling with his life in general. Sherlock was pushing him because he knew that John could be better, more confident, and could have so much more. When John finally speaks the sadness that haunts his posture and his eyes is almost unbearable.
It was now a month and a half since he had said goodbye to Sherlock Holmes. John’s routine was back to normal. He avoided neuro as much as he could, deferring to other doctors when head injuries came in to the trauma unit.  The pain in John’s leg returned to the ever present shooting pain from calf to his mid back. The pain was more vicious than ever.
“I have not been staring Sherlock” I lie,  wishing Sherlock wouldn’t be so damn observant all of the time.
Thank you for all of your kind comments and kudos. I apologize for taking so long between updates and doing so without any sort of pattern. This truly a work in progress, but there is a general plan and direction.  I don't always write with any sort of confidence, so thank you again and I am glad you are enjoying this.
“I’m not I’m really not am I John? I have all this information in my head, yet I have no real idea of who I am. I don’t know what half of this equipment does in here, and most of those books were published in the last 5 years, John I don’t know who I am anymore and I just. Why can’t I remember who I am?” Sherlock says raising his head to look at John.
“Nothing. Clean as I said. Sherlock loves puzzles and danger. CDI Lestrade will be able to fill you in on any details you may need.” the man smirks as he turns towards the open area in a slight gesture towards the waiting room. John looks to see several anxious members of the Yard milling about. A pained huff of breath escapes the man under his hands.
John watched Sherlock take several deep shuddering breaths. He waits and watches for Sherlock to gather himself together and when Sherlock finally raises his head John releases the breath he had been holding.
“Evening Dr. Watson, care for a ride?”
Sherlock’s head only nods and his cold hands clasp John’s and finally the sirens are there.  John sighs in relief.
“Let me help you Sherlock.  Your brother, he doesn’t have cameras in here does he?” John cracks a wry smile.
“I want to co parent a child with you, or several if that is agreeable to you” he says with an uneasy smile.
“No I might just need to go lie down, thank you” he grabs the hand rail and we ascend the stairs.
“I looked you up. Former Captain of the Northumberland Fusiliers. Dedicated serviceman, injured when rescuing a fellow soldier. Should have won a service medal for that. You are not only an admirable man of character, but someone that Sherlock Holmes wants to spend time with. You really should be honored, and he will be better for knowing you. “ Greg takes the drinks and gives one to John who as finished his and is staring at his empty glass. “And this is definitely the drink talking but I must say, you’re not terrible on the eyes.”
John guffaws and turns to go, “See you later Sherlock.”
Gregory Lestrade fills in some gaps and Molly Hooper visits during Sherlock's recovery. John and Sherlock have formed a delicate friendship that Mycroft has no tolerance of.
John just shakes his head and finishes his coffee and begins his day.  He doesn’t think of the suicides or why Sherlock felt the need to wear a disguise.  He thinks about how boring his job was becoming. Sure it was interesting enough with the different types of trauma, there were always weird ways people found themselves in the A&E but, it begin to feel the same old same old, not the same as helping Sherlock. Blood, tears, death, it was becoming less interest the more he helped Sherlock determine cause of death, or why someone would act in a certain way.  He needed a job, but he was bored.  He still had very little to write in his blog and Ella was frustrated with his lack of progress on his blog.  He was staring at the blank template,  the next morning as Sherlock plucked at his violin in front of the windows when Mrs. Hudson came in morning tea.
“Yes sorry.” he mumbles stepping forward.
“Is that how we are talking to our patients these days Doctor Watson?” Doctor Evans asks appearing at the door silently.
“Well that’s a nice watch” Gregory grumbles grabbing my wrist.
This is how John found himself later trailing after Sherlock as he dug through garbage looking for the lady’s pink case that he had insisted she had despite no evidence apparent to anyone but him.  He also found himself gullibly texting the killer, and then following Sherlock to an Italian restaurant, where apparently the owner knew Sherlock.
. We’d intervene and distract him and he would be ok, he wouldn’t use.  So today I texted Mycroft when Sherlock stormed away from the building without a fucking word.
John watches as Sherlock suddenly slumps into the arms of the cab driver and is pushed into the back seat. He knows something isn’t right by the way Sherlock’s head turns in the direction of the restaurant.
“Former stripper and rampant user of cannabis, nice but a bit a gossipy busybody.  Her familiarity with me suggests that I fill some maternal instinct in her, and since she still treats me with kindness indicates that I do not discourage her. I must like her.” Sherlock shrugs as he steps close to John, his chest against his shoulder.
“Greg is fine. These are my co workers. Philip Anderson and Sally Donovan, I’m avoiding home and celebrating wrapping up a case.” Greg says swinging John into the direction of the two people that had tormented Sherlock today.
“And we will not until I feel it is appropriate to do so, not in the middle of the street Sherlock!” I shout in frustration.
“Of course, what was I thinking” Mycroft chuckles and walks away.
Tea, wool, gun oil, John
“Answer my question!  You have all the malodorous signs of diabetes, you haven’t slept regularly since you outright refuse to use a CPAP machine since you think it will turn off you wife of over 40 years. You outright dislike me on sight which suggests that you have been in contact with my brother,  believe me I preferred my previous doctor. He at least treated me like a human being, not a puzzle to solve or a problem to fix. As you can see my brain is working perfectly fine, it is just missing the last nineteen years. Where is Doctor John Watson?” Sherlock spits out in one long breath.
“It’s real now John. It’s all very real now don’t you see it. This is terrifying, how do people do this?” Sherlock exhales shakily grabbing my face.
“Storks John really?”
“Right, OUT all of you.” John shouts, “Mrs. Hudson do you know if he has a broom somewhere?”
“Yes, ah well,  his vitals are stable. The pressure in his brain will alleviated with a crainiotomy. The tests we are currently running will give us more information about the extent of the possible damage to his brain. When and if he regains consciousness, we will know more. I’m sorry, that is all we know right now.” John says shuffling closer to seemingly kinder of the two men.
“Get out before you get all pruny. We’ll have to wait to see if anyone claims him, but he looked like a stray. We also have to have a home visit. I don’t think they will take kindly to open chemicals or whatever is growing in the produce bin.”
“Yes.”
“You are quiet trying at times.” Greg grins.
“Ah Mr. Holmes it is good to see you awake, are you going to be polite this time?” John asks with a smile.
“Enough, I see that your limp is better, found a better therapist?” Mycroft smirks.
“Riiiiiight I don’t think that is a very good idea.” I snort
“Thank you Sherlock, John, you might remember Jane” Greg says indicating his daughter.
“Wait a second Sherlock” John huffs quietly.
When they were dismissed so suddenly by the weasily Irishman John could barely stand, Sherlock helped him up, held him close as they made their way to the road and a cab and finally 221b Baker Street.  They sat in silence sharing strong liquor extricated from a hidden nook. As they finished John stood and patted Sherlock on the arm.
“We decided we wanted to try this on our own. Something feels wrong about the British Government helping to secure us a child. A bit underhanded, illegal, and the words ‘child trafficking’ come to mind” I say.
“That was an entirely inappropriate movie for a young child” he murmurs against my shoulder.
“And your point being?” I spit clenching my jaw.
“No seizures, head still hurts, but ignorable. I’m hungry all of the time and I’m overwhelmed by the time that I have lost” Sherlock sighs gesturing to the laptop and the magazines. Mycroft notes the weariness in his brother.
“Get in the car John”
“Fine”
“Sorry. Yes John, you’ve got work. Spare key in the vase if I need to leave. Got it. Have a good day. Yes, I felt like as your guest I could provide some sort of compensation for my stay and your manual labor of yesterday.” Sherlock relays, hands never leaving his chin, eyes never meeting John’s.
I shuffle quietly back towards the room, Eloise thumping her bottle against my shoulder, finding Sherlock rocking Alexander and finishing the lullaby.
John takes a moment to steel himself for the conversation he would have to have with Sherlock. It had been almost twenty four hours since he had last seen his former patient. His thoughts had debated with saying to hell with Mycroft Holmes, he could be friends with whomever he wanted and cold fear of losing his job. He was disappointed with himself for being attracted to Sherlock Holmes and having to hurt a such a sharp-minded yet vulnerable man.
My god. I haven’t thought that at all, I’ve only seen the mother/son relationship. As always my wonderful partner has seen a deeper connection of the innocent children’s movie and our relationship.  I inhale shakily and exhale.
“I still have it. I don’t know if I’ll ever need to read it. I know the person I’m dealing with. Sherlock is the person he is, I can’t base what I know of him on who he was.”
I go back to my bed and sleep. I dream of nothing but puzzles and cloudy skies. I wake for basic necessity and collect the mail.  Bill, bill, bill, ….violet card…no return address
“John..”
Lestrade walks out of the room to an annoyed Sherlock. Sherlock returns to his computer keeping an eye on his brother as he and Doctor Watson go out into the hallway.
“Let your brother decide what he wants. We don’t want to hurt Sherlock unnecessarily.” John says standing as Mycroft does.
Sherlock became happier with the near constant work.  When he was at a loss John would find him either curled up on the couch with his back to the room, or gruesome case files set before him.  John helped as best he could without being there. He yearned when cases presented themselves and he was left alone.  He stopped dating all together. Only made worse when Sherlock begin a worrisome habit of disregarding John’s personal space, and the bloody winking.
Short chapter, cause I feel bad for slacking on writing. It's a bit dialog heavy. A nod to those pizza place promo pictures. Also more info about 'secondary drowning' http://www.webmd.com/parenting/news/20140602/dry-drowning-faq
“Still can’t translate couch” I shake my head.
“What?” Sherlock huffs.
“Oh um. Nevermind that. Here we are. Sherlock, please listen to me.” Greg states as the car reaches the Holmes house.  Sherlock gets out of the car leaving Gregory to return to work.
He orders an electroencephalogram to see if Sherlock has had any more episodes since admission, and decides to find the brother.
“John you should realize by now there is very little that you can hide from me.” Sherlock grumbles.
I start the kettle and lean against the counter. I realize this is the last time our home will be quiet and clean. It will be the last time that I will be able to make tea without worrying if the baby is asleep, or that Sherlock has changed her.  This was it, the day our lives would never be the same ever again. We would be responsible for molding another human being from scratch, to teach her how the world worked and how much we loved her.  My hands began to shake and I clenched them to stop them. It wasn’t a time for fear, but one for joy. Sherlock and I were going to be parents to a little girl. A little girl who would call me papa and Sherlock dad, a little girl I would dress in pinks and purples with ribbons in her hair, and who Sherlock would bring to the morgue for her first autopsy.
“Good to see you Sherlock.” John says putting his jacket back on.
“Oh god.” John says closing his eyes. The anger towards Sherlock draining away.
“Why do I even have two chairs?” Sherlock asks eyes still closed, “this one is awfully comfortable.”
“I don’t know Greg, I was his doctor. I’m nothing but a doctor who treated him with kindness and respect. Something apparently that no one appears to think he deserves.” helpless John takes a swig of the liquid.
This is surprising. I was prepared for disdain and words of derision, not for him to help.
They leave just was Mrs. Hudson comes back in with a broom and pan, plus some bags. She places them as close to the men as she can without crunching on debris,  “Here you are dear. Oh Sherlock.”
In bed. Didn’t work there unless there’s the implication that I would honestly want to become a prostitute.”
“Wow...really?.... what brought that on, Sherlock is not the traditional type, nor did I think he’d ever get within 50 metres of a wedding ever again after your last one.”
I take in the broken man before me. He’s so pale he is practically translucent. His eyes are red his hands are shaking.
“Come now John you must improve your observational skills if you are going to pass them on to our children.” he says with a shake of his head.
“I would believe that if It wasn’t loaded and near your bed. It is worrisome to me. Perhaps you should be taking medication as well. Please tell me the truth John, you’re a terrible liar.”
“Oh wow you look…” I say forgetting the paper I was thumbing through as I waited for Sherlock to change. I had dressed as normal and waited nervously for Sherlock as he banged around the bedroom.
“The dog lived to almost eleven years old. Sherlock was away at school and our parents put him down without telling him prior.  Sherlock has neither forgiven them or me, since I was made aware. It was never my dog, only Sherlock’s.”
“Pants” Sherlock mumbles. He then turns back to John and raises an eyebrow.
“You two should be ashamed of yourselves.” John growls, immediately and blindingly angry.
“Mr. Holmes calm down please get back into bed” the nurse Gloria pleads holding her hands up.
“Are you quite sure she isn’t my girlfriend” Sherlocks shakes his head scowls at Greg.
“Nnneether the tiiimme or placcce” Sherlock kicks them off nearly falling down.
“I’m tired of you telling me to stay away from him.  I’ll find a new job or reenlist if you feel the need to end my employment here.  Your brother, the most brilliant man I’ve ever known, he needs me and maybe I need him.” John says giving his homicidal smile. He scowled at Mycroft, waiting for the dismissal.
So John Sherlock are engaged and buying a home.
“I was a soldier, I think I can take it”
I take each step slowly down to him and sit on a step before the frozen man in front of me. I wordless tap the card against his chest and he takes it from me.
“Sherlock? Hello, I’m DI Gregory Lestrade, we work together” Greg says slinking into the room. He places a collection of cleverly displayed test tubes that held different candies.  Sherlock is propped up in bed, one hand on a laptop, the other furiously writing in a notebook.
“Sherlock?” I call to get his attention and he looks up with a scowl. I tap the watch face and point at Gregory, “May I?”
“Mr. Holmes I don’t know exactly how you managed that, neither do I want to. I will do my best to distance myself from your brother,” John says standing as tall as he can, “may I ask why you don’t want him returning home?”
“John, Sherlock, I’ve been a bit adrift since all of this happened and when Mr. Lestrade mentioned the two of you I thought that he would be a good judge of character and I was right. You obviously love each other very much. I wished that this never happened but I know that I’m doing something good with it” Charlotte huffs as she stands and steps towards us.
“Why so much alcohol Sherlock. You don’t drink that much...ever” he huffs
“Please. I won’t...can’t..do anything.” he sighs. John undoes the restraints and stands back.
“I’ll call Lestrade then, want me to do it on speaker?” I say on the way to the kitchen and watch Sherlock faceplant into the sofa and snicker.
John flings his stethoscope over his neck and charges towards the er as his new patient is wheeled in. He’s deathly pale in his dark coat and suit. He doesn’t look like a drug user, but his thin frame and dark circles under his eyes tell otherwise.
I turn to look at the man I love and notice the wetness at his eyes. I press a kiss on the corner of his mouth and tug him close. Just as I’m about to release him I hear clatters and pings as the crib behind us collapses to the floor.
“John you many things brave, smart, strong, emotional, and so very wrong” Sherlocks says kneeling down before me bracketing my body with his arms on the chair to bar my escape, “I know you want to be a father. I know that you’d be amazing at it. I never told you that I enjoy children, but you must have seen it at the wedding and how I dealt with Archie.”
“Something’s gone wrong.” John blurts reaching for his coat as he watches the cab pull away.  He runs past Angelo shaking his head.
“He came to see you. What does that tell you John?” Greg says quietly.
“Shmff” John tries.
“Sherlock, are you pacing?” John ask.
“What now?”
“Bathroom’s just down there. Need anything?”
“Don’t you dare...dare….make this my fault. This isn’t...my…fault” I grab the errant beaker that hand found it’s way upstairs for some reason and pitch it against the wall behind Sherlock. I immediately regret it as he flinches and backs away.
“Roberts.”
“And unwanted advice I presume. All that worrying only makes his over eating worse” Sherlock mutters.
“Shhhh Greg don’t want the whole Yard to know” I grumble pulling him farther away from Sgt. Donovan and the rest of the New Scotland Yard.
“Sherlock” she mutters
“He was muttering something about ‘bastian and it was too bright”
“Who cares John. We’re about to be fathers. Get dressed!” he shouts pulling on a dress shirt and attacking the buttons.
John, for the first time since his return to London, took time off.  He had vacation days that he didn’t have a reason to take, the work distracted him from his nightmares, his pain, his loneliness.  He didn’t even think of Sarah who had been the first person that had given him the time of day since he came back from Afghanistan.
“Not really your concern anymore John. Call Mary, she’ll be worried of course” I say turning around handing him the mug of tea and retreating to my shower. I try to scrub away the stain of my embarrassment, the stain of shame. John was just my friend, he would never feel the same way I felt about him. Stupid stupid stupid. I stay under the spray til the water runs cold and I shiver into my pajama pants, shirt, and dressing gown. Hopefully John was gone, and it would all be over.
“Are you even listening to me?” Mycroft and Lestrade ask in near unison. The second John’s eyes leave Sherlock to focus on Gregory’s words an enormous crash comes from the kitchen area sending Mrs. Hudson back out behind the three men.
“OH GOD why don’t just shut up and get dressed. We’ll miss it!” my husband growl shouts as he tugs the offensive bottoms off and flings open the closet.
John will never understand why he is here in a overly cheerful vets office waiting on a dog that wasn’t his instead of being with the man he loved. Logically he knew that Sherlock would be alright, what he honestly didn’t know why he had reacted that way as the were walking past the pond on the way to question a suspect.  Sherlock had been in the middle of sentence about why old books smell the way the do when he had bolted towards the pond.  Without a word he had flung off his coat and made his way towards the dog.  They had never discussed getting a pet, avoided them in the park, ignored John when he would rub dogs ears, sneered at Molly’s stories about her cat.
“Anything they were related to is either probably solved or gone cold. We could take them down.” Sherlock suggests.
“Thank you, but I don’t know who you are but you work in the morgue, have several cats, and may or may not be my girlfriend by the flush of your cheeks. I’m feeling fine by the way” Sherlock says staring at her curiously.  Lestrade watches in amusement, he has seen how Sherlock has treated Molly in the past and has always thought it was terrible. To see Sherlock’s reaction to Molly as one of curiosity instead of annoyance was a happy change.
from Lestrade. No definitely not.
John rests a hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, the other against his sternum to ground him into the present. The room is filled with the sound of Sherlock’s breathing.  John takes his pulse again and it is slower and decides to speak.
“You didn’t notice I had even gone” Sherlock sighs.
“So?”
“Thank you Gloria.” Sherlock scowls.
“How old is this movie?” is the first one.
“You and Sherlock are about to be parents. You might want to get down here” Charlotte hisses.
“What is it John? I’m trying to solve that person’s murder, not stand around and gossiping”
“Sherlock! Anything on the menu for you and your date” the rather large furry man says clasping Sherlock in a one armed hug.
“I would say that having to deal with his brother on a day to day basis, having him loudly deduce our sex lives, and worrying himself to death over his brother is wearing my dear Mycroft down.” Greg smirks at John.
“It’s a cartoon Sherlock for children and yes our child will watch cartoons. You know when you lose your mother at a young age you tend to remember things about her that stick with you forever. Those small things she did to comfort you. Well like a lot of those types of movies there were songs and one of them was a lullaby the mother elephant sang to her child before she was taken away. My mother used to sing it to us when we had nightmares or were sick. I wanted to pass that on to our child, alright?!” I emphasize with a wave of my hand. I wait for it, I wait for the laughter and the snide remarks.
“My God Sherlock I’m sorry….I….” I say pulling him close. Making sure he was there and not flinging himself off a roof like had exactly four years ago from today. “Anything you want Sherlock. Forget this fight, forget what I’ve said.”
“NO,” Sherlock lies.
I pack my bag to leave and say goodnight to everyone and make my way to the street. A block before the tube station an all too familiar black sedan pulls beside me. The window lowers and Mycroft’s sneering face appears.
“He’s obviously having some degree of disorientation and memory loss. What he says can only be taken as gibberish” John mutters noting the incident in the chart, “can you explain what led up to this?”
John shakes his head and smiles all too widely to himself as he makes his way to the waiting room.  ‘Keep it in your trousers Watson, you’re better than that.’ John thinks to himself.
“Allowed? He was fine. It is as if you think of him as a child, that you don’t even want him to remember anything. This is good place for him!” John shouts back at Mycroft. Greg holds up a hand to keep John from getting at Mycroft.
“NO! Please just...ahhh…let me call your actual doctor first.” Margret fumbles with the papers and jumps to her feet.
“Sherlock I’m serious when I said I don’t think I can do this again. Losing two of them in two years, I can’t do this. If you leave I’ll understand, I put us through this. I did this to us.” I sniffle against him.
“Excuse me?” Mycroft huffs.
“No, I’ll probably confess my undying affection for the man and decide we’ll name our first son Gregory. SO NOPE” I he huffs raising his head briefly for his annoyed tirade.
“So will I”
“Making some for me?” John’s voice mumbles closer than I expected. I can sense he is within a metre of where I am standing, it is too close.
“We can’t afford this Sherlock!” I exclaim at the beautiful row house we were standing in.
Let your eyes sparkle and shine,
“I believe you Sherlock. I’m so sorry” I say pressing a kiss on his cheek.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen, we love each other and have chosen a life together. I would hope to think that you’ve made sacrifices to be with me and I’ve made many for you. But this...us talking about it will only make things unbearably painful for me and I know how my emotions amuse and irritate you so please. I’d rather ignore this discussion altogether” I huff not being able to do this without breaking down and I make a move to stand.
As you can see it is a lot of out of character John & Sherlock and a lot of just dialog. Again..I'm all a bit meh and very insecure about this fic. I do so much better with short angsty drabbles but parentlock just burrowed into my brain.
“Sherlock we got married had dinner and now we are home. You didn’t have to make a speech, you merely had to be pleasant for all of three hours” I can’t help but smile at him in amusement. I unknot my own tie and toss it down with the cards we’d have to go through tomorrow.
The last day of his time away from the hospital he turned his phone back on and felt an immediate sense of dread.
“NOW!? Christ get up why are you sitting there?!” he shouts flinging out of bed and pulling on my pajama bottoms.  I stifle the panicked giggle in my throat and gesture at his bare calves.
“What does what you’re wearing have on her liking you? She should like you no matter what you wear. Go change if you want we got...uhm ten minutes before we really get going.  Sher..” and I’m stopped by his lips on mine and arms around me.
“I see,” Mycroft says staring at his brother and noticing every behavioral tell and inhales deeply, “by your clenched fists and furrowed eyebrows I can tell you want to ask me something. Ask and I will answer you as well as I can. I do have work to return to at some point.” Mycroft sighs.
“Not right now. Right now you and I are going to get the flat ready for a houseguest.”
to draw a picture of what John saw when he walked into the babies' room. See it
“America is very nice this time of year. Plenty of sunshine and unwanted healthy babies” Sherlock nuzzles my neck.
They'd end up loving you too.
”Thank you John. I won’t bother you again” Sherlock sighs.
“mfphf”
“Good then. Tell me some more good news.” I murmur.
“You warned and warned me not to get attached, that she had every right to change her mind,  but I did.  Look at what it made me do” he says throwing the thin box at my chest and stomping out of the room and out the door before I could stop him.
“It is intolerable the way they both keep tabs on me. I’ve finally managed to get the key to my flat away from Mycroft.” Sherlock nods.
With shaking hands I open the box and part the tissue. Nestled inside was a small pink camouflage onesie with “Future Army Doctor” embroidered on the front. My anger began is slow ebb away from the surface and I buried my face in the onesie.  My mind races to figure all the places that Sherlock could run off to.
“Hey, it still doesn’t guarantee she’ll like us.” I sigh
“I’ll get an envelope and we can...” John starts and flinches at the sound of the front door opening below and a thunder of footsteps on the stairwell. The door is flung open by Mycroft, followed by Gregory and an very concerned Mrs. Hudson.
“Well I know that you wouldn’t dare enter into a relationship with Sherlock unless it was serious. No, this is about the new element that has entered the equation” he states tapping the handle of his ever present umbrella.
SO...this is done. I'll probably always stick to shorter stuff since this really bothered/took a lot out of me.  Thanks for reading.
Sherlock takes in John’s bitten lip and raised eyebrows and sighs.  “I think I’ll just stick to tracking your movements and showing up unexpectedly/”
“Nothing! Its blank, I think...I think I was afraid?!” Sherlock blurts clutching the sheets in pain. It is if his body is remembering something his mind can’t.
“GO. He was doing perfectly fine until you two showed up. Go away.” John says picking his way backward toward Sherlock.
“I’m fine, join me and you’ll see just how fine.” Sherlock grins and gestures downward.
Sherlock sighs pulling away slightly forehead resting against John’s.
“Why am I going home to your and Greg’s home and not my own. I should be able to take care of myself. John,” Mycroft arches a brow at his brother’s slip, “I mean Doctor Watson said I should be around my own things and my own neighborhood” Sherlock grumbles.
“What are you studying in school Charlotte?” I ask
When John exits his room Sherlock is still in the clothes he wore to sleep, yet there is a plate of warm  toast next to John’s travel mug that is full when he checks it. He doesn’t bother to ask how the other man knows how he takes his tea and toast.  Sherlock is laying on the couch with his hands clasped under his chin, like the last time he found Sherlock on his couch.
His sexual crisis was interrupted by a firm knock on the door.  Jumping up with annoyance knowing who was at the door.
“John, let me speak of the life before Sherlock’s accident, it might explain some things. He thought that everyone is an ignorant waste of space, including me and Molly and we are his friends. So, if this nineteen-year-old version of Sherlock is kinder, more considerate, reaching out to people and one of them is you? That says more about your character than anything else. Sherlock is still Sherlock, he doesn’t like that new doctor or therapist of his. He likes you.”  Greg gestures towards John then throws up a hand to signal a waitress for more.
Angelo rolls up his sleeves and grabs Sherlock by the shoulders and yanks him roughly out of the chair.
“I think it’s time to call my brother”  Sherlock chuckles.
I incorporated a lot of cannon dialogue, which bothers me, but it is my first endeavor into canon Sherlock, I felt the writer's dialogue was needed. I don't own this or make money from this, forgive me.
“John, listen I thought Sherlock was ready to come active cases again. I told those two about what had happened. They didn’t listen, they really aren’t bad people. Sherlock just has, in a word, annoyed them.”
“Make sure that we get his contact information so that he has restricted access to the hospital.”
(See the end of the chapter for
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“You know who I’m talking about….Lestrade…..are we interviewing a suspect?” I ask completely at a loss as to why we were here. It was so different filled with medical students and their large bags and animated conversations. Sherlock had been absent minded the whole morning and was rarely this unclear about what we were doing with the day and I was reaching my end.
“OUCH! Pleasant bedside manner Doctor Watson.” Sherlock grimaces rubbing the red patch of skin.
“Open one and read it.”
“For fucks sake, Sherlock Charlotte is a young girl who is pregnant for the first time. She has everything in front of her. A million things could happen in the next two months. She could get back together with the father, her parents can forgive her and let her back home, or Sherlock, look at me.” I watch him raise his head and thud it against the wall biting his lip, “She can simply change her mind and we are left without a child. Please, don’t make me hang my heart on a daughter that I might never have, not again”
John and Angelo watch side by side as Sherlock weaves through the crowd and street in the direction of a cab that is waiting on the curb across the street and begins banging on the window. Neither can hear what he is saying.
“Fantastic!” Sherlock shouts, “the address is 221b Baker Street. See you at 11.”
“Well good to hear, I wasn’t lying about the second bedroom.”
After meeting Sherlock Holmes, he felt hope for the first time, a connection, and an overprotective older brother had taken it away from him. Doctor Evans was right it was just a crush on an attractive, brilliant, funny patient. For some reason this person found something in John that he liked as well.  John honestly hadn’t felt this way since he had hit puberty and sex. If he could avoid Sherlock, and Sherlock’s release from the hospital he thought that he could move on.
“You feel it too? We lost her...she’s gone…We named her Sherlock she had a name!” I sob and cling to his side.  Sherlock is quietly holding me tight rubbing his thumb at the skin on my back.
“Fine. Offering assistance.” I sigh and hang my coat up and toss my bag onto the floor.
You’ve enraptured about 90% of the nursing staff. Men included. It wasn’t difficult to flirt it out of someone. SH
“Dismiss what?”
“ahh friendship is what we’re calling it now. I should expect the happy announcement at the end of the week. Good day John. Do keep in touch.”
“I have a girlfriend” John blurts.
meet the mom
“He didn’t figure out that it is gone? And if he keeping tabs on you won’t he know that you’re at your apartment?” John asks tiredly, he knows this can go wrong in so many ways.
“Only when it really matters”
“Not always”
“Sherlock damn it.” and I huff fighting the closing of my throat.
November bled into December and January.  Cases on the weekends, lunches at Speedys, and John and Sherlock found their friendship again.  John loved Mary but he loved Sherlock more. There was nothing that could erase or remove those feelings.  It did not help that Sherlock had been staring at him, touching John when it wasn’t absolutely necessary, apologizing to John when he realized he had done something wrong, and being overly kind to Mary.  Maybe it was time to find out if there was something there.  He bought the card the day after Sherlock’s birthday, on a whim, in a moment of weakness after their shared bottle of wine, after a case.
“Goodnight Sherock. Thank you,” he paused and blinked backs the tears that suddenly formed in his eyes, the stress had become too much for him,  “for everything.”
“Of course John. I just...I just want to make you happy” He sighs ruffling his hair.
“Well, I’ve been staring at these photos for quite a while and I can tell that she was suffocated in some way but I can’t see how.” Sherlock mumbles avoiding John’s eyes.
“You’re good man John.” Mrs. Hudson smiles at him as she hands him a key.
“I was watching the eeg at the station and noticed that he was showing signs of waking. I made it to the doorway just as his eyes flew open. He yanked out the IV and shouted Mycroft. Threw the kidney tray and that’s when you walked in.”
“Not unless you want to wait to meet the mother of our child sooner than later?” I laughed tearily.
“Yes of course” I sputter and take one of Sherlock’s hands in mine and he grips it on a bone crushing hold.
“Hmm. Right as ever Sherlock. I’m getting dressed make yourself something, I have eggs. Just yell if need something.” John grins at his still gobsmacked guest and turns towards his room to get ready for his day.
John sits staring at the door wondering how he will ever get used to the Holmes brothers.
“Fine. Needed a ride home anyways. Might as well be on the commonwealth’s tab.” Sherlock says stepping into the black car only to inhale sharply at his company.
“If you want John..I won’t rush you” Sherlock says standing and tugging his t-shirt back down.
“Exactly what the hell did you think you were doing?!” John shouts taking his coat off and putting it around a shivering Sherlock.  He frantically starts unbuttoning Sherlock’s dripping shirt and grumbling.
“Why would you say that?” John blinks.
when I should be the angry one here?”
…” Sherlock smirks.
“Not your girlfriend, this is Molly Hooper, be nice Sherlock” Lestrade warns, saving Molly the temptation to say that she was dating him or some such nonsense.
“Sherlock! I was hoping it was you and not just your brother. How are you feeling dear with the whole amnesia business?” she asks.
“He’s been fine actually, doing quite a lot of research. He’s actually completely stopped smoking he’s so completely dedicated to this.  Also Mycroft I think it would take more than frustration to break the two of us up.  I did marry a psychopathic assassin and he disappeared for 2 years and I forgave him. As encouraged I am by your concern and interest; if we need your help, we will ask for it” I huff.
“Is now an appropriate time to discuss the possible addition of children to our lives?” Sherlock asks with such maddeningly casualty that I am immediately angry again.
“You don’t have to thank me Sherlock,” John blushes and licks his lip, “Fortune cookies!” John grins and snorts out a laugh after cracking open one and reading silently.
“Worst of the nausea is past.” she smiles shyly at me.
“So was I, but even I at least ate some of the pasta.” John grumbles.
“Is this your way of saying, you need me John?” Sherlock asks his own flush creeping up his neck.
“With good reason. I’m sure I could, talk to someone.” John says with his own shrug of shoulders.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock and tries his best not to panic as he wills the sound of sirens to sound closer.  He couldn’t keep doing this to him, he can’t lose Sherlock again. He was still shaking but not as violent as he when John had hauled him and that blasted dog out of the pond.
“Come up here you need to see this.” I call down a bit wobbily.
“You need a better lock considering you have an illegal firearm in your night stand.” Sherlock smiles at him.
“I’m not nice to her am I?” Sherlock asks nervously.
“Officer Lestrade? Good to see you too, uhm you can call me John .” John states
“I am the leading expert in neurology, I have written several articles about seizure activity and memory loss, I assure you I am the best in my field and  we will get that brain of yours working properly again” Doctor Evans mutters.
“Why do you have the gun john? You don’t give off the air of a suicidal person. I can’t figure it out and I need you to tell me.” Sherlock scowls at him.
“Come on Sherlock in here” John says gesturing to an empty room. John takes in the unruly hair, the dark denim, the deep v neck t-shirt, and the leather jacket. Sherlock looked nothing like the man in the suit that had been admitted those weeks ago. His hair was all around clipped shorter meeting the new growth. Sherlocked looked a decade younger.
“John I’ll never erase you from up here, everything you say and do I remember. Those words were what carried me through the time I was away from you.” he says carefully removing my old watch and replacing it.
“Children and families are cute Sherlock. Sorry to be so pedestrian about that” I say with a scowl. I tried avoiding his gaze to hide my embarrassment.
“Good.”
“Where is Mr. Jumbo?”
in bed.” He nods and gestures for Sherlock to continue the game.
“Just merely taking a measure of your condition. Making sure he is doing all he can. I have my doubts” Mycroft sneers studying his fingernails.
That was as much physical affection as John would get over the next year.  John wasn’t The Woman, he wasn’t the work, he was merely Sherlock’s friend, he wasn’t worth Sherlock’s attraction. Sherlock then made John watch and listen as he threw himself off of that roof. The tears John heard over the phone was what John believed Sherlock’s only true confession of how much he had valued John. The only person he would tell the truth to.  It broke John’s heart more than that silly girl he couldn’t remember the name of that ruined Valentine’s Eay.
“How are you feeling Sherlock?” John says batting Sherlock’s hand away before he could take the the other full piece.
“Why circus elephants John? You’ve been very insistent” Sherlock grumbles over the pieces of the crib that he is attempting to put together. It’s been a game much like trying to figure out my middle name and it is driving my husband around the bend. I know he will only find it silly and I don’t want him to take it away from me.
“Shhhh Sherlock. You’re having a panic attack.” John says gently pressing a hand on his shoulder.
“Sherlock!!” he yells. Ooops there it was my unfettered brain blurted something I only thought. Here it comes, the fiery Scottish anger and slamming of doors. He hauls me off the couch and drags me into the direction of the bedroom. I don’t care. He was here.
“I believe we should excuse ourselves and,” kiss “continue this somewhere else.” Sherlock grumbles.
“Oi...Watson...incoming closed head injury. Male patient...38 years old...mild malnutrition...evidence of past intravenous drug use...assault.” the charge nurse barks in his direction.
What they'd give just for the right to hold you.
“He didn’t say anything else?”
Two chapters this week because 6 was really short and I wanted to get this chapter out cause I killed myself with the cute. (apologies to Disney)
“Breathing exercises. Then a quick jog around the block, then bed, it’s, shit 1:30 am, go to bed Sherlock.” John blurts as he notices the time.
“Morning Sherlock, could you flick the kettle on? Need anything? Bathroom’s all yours.” John murmurs eyeing the thin glimpse of pale skin above Sherlock’s lounge pants.
“Good John,  you’re home!” Sherlock mutters from his place sprawled over John’s couch.
“Perhaps.” John says weakly. He mentally slaps himself at his confession and the overwhelming want he feels for Sherlock.
“What is this?” I laugh fishing the item that Sherlock had hidden in the seat cushion and find it to be a parenting magazine.
“I knew it was a mistake allowing you even breathe the same air as Sherlock. Doctor I trusted you to keep him safe and you allowed him to go to the one place I don’t want him to be.” Mycroft bellows his cheeks flushed in red. This sends Mrs. Hudson running towards the couch.
“Why are you here Sherlock?” John asks with head tilted, arms crossed.
I wake up with a slamming painful thudding behind my eyeballs and a churning in my stomach. I felt completely assisine for shouting at Sherlock in my resigned sadness over not having children. I knew I shouldn’t take it out on him and I would apologize if he we would let me.
=====================
“Sherlock? Hello how are you?” she asks shyly.
“Nope” he blurts popping the p at the end.
“Those alleged suicides aren’t suicides.  I have discovered over the last several months that Gregory and his team are often times quite incompetent.  They shouldn’t be spreading false information to the public.” he smirks and swings out of the door.
“John do you recall our almost discussion from yesterday?” Sherlock finally pounces.
The sound of metal against linoleum and the shout jolts John’s head from his never ending paperwork. It had been several hours since the mysterious man had come in with head injury and equally mysterious brother.  He rose quickly to investigate trying not to get run over by the security personnel that were heading the same direction.
My phone jolts me awake and I lazily reach for it.  The two of us are tangled in each other as usual. His curls in my face, his long legs thrown over mine, burning hot as always.
“Well Sherlock is Sherlock, how does anyone know what goes on in that head of his”
“Charlotte I do apologize for my silence. I tend to rub people the wrong way and I have simply deferred to my more social partner. I am curious about the father of your child and what happened there.” Sherlock murmurs quietly.
“Here we are.” Sherlock nods towards the doors of the hospital.
“Very well Doctor Watson I have done what I can to inform and protect you.
“Interesting” she laughs, “Mr. Watson this is my friend Charlotte, Charlotte, John Watson-Holmes and his husband Sherlock Holmes-Watson”
“Sherlock Holmes you drunken asshole. I was...I was”
Sherlock shoots John a look in consideration, “John, you’re looking quite bored as of late, you’ve seen plenty of dead bodies? Care to see another?”
“Mycroft calm down, perhaps some tea?” Mrs. Hudson asks fluttering her hands.
“I can’t go in there. I won’t.”
“Mycroft! What the hell?!” John sputters putting down the sandwich he was trying to eat during his very short break.
“He’s wondering why I said yes” trying to catch his eye in warning. Oh there it is the blinking and the squinting that indicates Sherlock is quite unsure what the appropriate response should be, “he thinks it is an experiment”
“Oh, wow.” Sherlock murmurs and turns towards a tidy if cluttered kitchen. John watches as he eyes all of the scientific equipment, opens the empty refrigerator and wanders down a hall to what must be a bedroom.  John slowly follows taking in the expensive microscope, the containers of caustic chemicals, the neatly piled scientific journals. John makes his way to the doorway of Sherlock’s room. Sherlock is standing before the closet with a hand on the door and is standing eerily silently.  Without a word John steps in and moves to the other side to take a look.  Inside were several dark suits similar to the one John remembers Sherlock arriving in at the hospital, followed by several shirts in white and light grey, one purple, one black, and one in a murky green.
“She called me a freak. Said I wasn’t wanted or needed, and that I am, ” Sherlock takes a shuddery breath, “that I am a sociopath! That I proudly called myself one.”
“But John…” he begins to whine
“Thank you. I promise, I’ll tell you when I leave. So uhm, no warning me off John Watson?” Sherlock asks nervously.
“It was a gift” I say absently.
The ceremony was quick and simple in front of Lestrade and Mycroft. Typical vows and paperwork but the hidden sentiments in our simple dark rings revealed again that the consulting detective did have hidden depths of feelings.
He had to see his fired therapist again.
John knew Sherlock was trying to get behind John’s last text the night before. So John answered truthfully as he could.
Something woke me from my kip on the sofa. The phone was the first check.  Three missed calls from Lestrade. Oops I think…
“I don’t know if...what?” Sherlock stumbles feeling the peaks of his ears heat up and ducks his head.
I hope to continue this story in the next couple of months. So subscribe to the series and we'll see how this all plays out.
“And you, Freak, sociopath really?  All that man wants right now is to remember his life and have meaningful connections to people. He has figured out that he has treated people terribly and he wants to fix that, and neither of you could be bothered to let him.” John barks and watches the woman blink and avert her eyes.  He scowls at Greg and without word shakes off Greg’s arm and stalks back to his corner to get his coat. He’d just settle down at home with his own alcohol and try to forget, make that call to Sarah, sink into an unfeeling abyss. When he turns back to exit he finds Greg standing with two glasses of dark liquid blocking his path.
The soon to be fathers nest. General fluff and cute.
With a sigh and eyes that have become fascinated with a fixed point on the carpet, “I have that gun because when I came back from Afghanistan, I had a job, a string of boring boyfriends and girlfriends, nightmares,  a bloody limp, dead parents, an alcoholic sister, a terrible therapist, and possibly the most boring blog on the planet. The gun is what reminds me of the only thing I have left to lose.” John huffs near choking on his misery and mortification.
“Sherlock. Perhaps some real clothes would do slightly better than that” I giggle gesturing to the closet and back at his legs.
“What you did tonight, John, thank you.” Sherlock says quietly.
Sherlock is at a loss at what Greg has said to him.
I had given Sherlock the responsibility of narrowing down which of the many adoption agencies we would be applying.  There were so many with so many different angles and criteria it had made my frantic with possibilities. Passing it on to Sherlock allowed the rabid researcher a project that wouldn’t involve smearing viscera all over the countertop when I was working at the office and he was without a case.
“You are Sherlock Holmes formerly of 221B Baker Street. You are 38 years old. You suffered a traumatic brain injury. You help the Scotland Yard solve crimes, and you are brilliant beyond words at it. You are my friend and I want you to be happy.  If you remember your life someday you might be happy, but if not maybe you will just have to be happy with the one you have now. Be the man you are Sherlock, not the man you thought you were.” John says quietly.
Lestrade laughs uncomfortably. He doesn’t know where to start, the Sherlock lying on the bed with his head half shaved, eyes innocently looking up at him wasn’t the Sherlock that he knew four days ago.
There is the computer error face again then a croaky, “What?”
“Of course.” John can’t help the snicker. Like he could get his flatmate to do anything he didn’t want to do.  He turns to chase the man down.
“This isn’t a date.” John mutters after him.  Turning around he catches a strange look across Sherlock’s face.  As he begins to open his mouth to ask him what is wrong the expression is gone Sherlock growls,
John stares for a second at the pale face before him. He sees apprehension, worry, and fear of rejection. Sherlock slowly removes his hand and lowers his eyes are, his mouth a thin line.  John closes his eyes at his own ignorance of how Sherlock felt about him.
“Sherlock you still do not realize how much worse the world has become since you last remembered. Please, trust me for once to know what is best for you. Sherlock, I do care what happens to you” Mycroft sighs.  Sherlock settles back against the bed in a with a pout.
“What is it?” he growls as he adjust the bedrails for transport.
“I was being nice, she’s smart and attractive and she’s obviously attracted to me by the way she keeps looking at my lips and chest. I didn’t do romantic relationships with either gender cause I found them unnecessary and messy, yet a lot has changed in 19 years so the possibility of me picking up a girlfriend is not out the realm of possibility” Sherlock states with a wave of his hand between himself and Molly.
“I can walk to my room myself. I may have memory deficiencies but I have been walking around recently!!” Sherlock huffs loudly for everyone to hear as he shuffles towards his bed.
“You know we’re having a girl. We’ve picked names and damn it you need a doctorate in engineering to put this thing together!” Sherlock shouts hurling an allen wrench over my shoulder. I exhale and gather myself for the conversation again. One of Sherlock’s unwavering things since finding Charlotte was his faith that everything would work out. I had to ship back many of the girl toys that would end up on our doorstep that the man ordered when he couldn’t sleep. Gently remind him she could always change her mind.  It tore something in me every time and yet Sherlock would just nod and say he knew and wave a hand. I knew that his blazing hope it would work was the only thing that made these uncomfortable things he was asked to do with it all.
“Sherlock. I forgave you the minute you walked out that door.”
“Would you? You’ve made my day Margaret.” Sherlock says as clutching his chest in mock appreciation
His phone pinged shaking him out of his funk.
“So, uherm, here we are.” Sherlock says with a shaky grin. He puts the key into the lock and slowly swings the door into the apartment.
. Perhaps maybe I’ll remember something and Mycroft will let me live there again, possibly with a flatmate not that I know that many people anymore. I need to remember who I am John. Please will you come with me, help me?” Sherlock says biting his lip and not meeting John’s soft eyes.
Sherlock Holmes was slurry drunk. He had never seen him like this, ever. He realizes with horror that he must have received the card. So drunk he had said that he didn’t love him. The slurring words, the cruel jests. It hurt so much more than John could possibly predict.
Here is my card. Call me if you feel overwhelmed. Should I send his things over?” Mycroft said handing over his card with a smirk.
“No sensory information? Smells? Sounds?” Evans asks taking notes.
From the state of the flat Sherlock had only used the second bedroom as storage for a barrage of broken equipment, mounds of paperwork, and mobile computers of every make and model created since 2001. He obviously had no financial need for one nor the desire to share it with anyone other than the visits from Mrs. Hudson.
“That is helpful to know. Any allergies or underlying conditions I need to know about him? Your brother most likely has a hematoma and any medication will cause complications.”
“I’ve read the papers and have done my research on the both of you, so I know what you do is dangerous. Do you still plan on doing the consulting detective business after the baby arrives?” she asks eyes narrowing.
“I want to suspect the husband, but he was in America at the time” Sherlock continues his hands running through his curls.
unbeta'd all mistakes are mine
“Pink elephants….bullying...allusions to racism…”
“What? why would he do that?” John smiles uncomfortably.
“John we could have had this much sooner you know.” Sherlock says again pulling their foreheads together keeping his eyes closed.
“Holmes!?” Margaret yelps dropping the papers on the floor.
agreed to not tell anyone about our adoption situation but we never discussed when we would be telling people we were going to get married.
“I distract you?” Sherlock asks cheekily.
“John between the work and your office hours we can more than afford the mortgage payments” Sherlock sighs.
I can't get to a good head space since April to continue this story in a timely manner.
John just stares at Sherlock. An angry embarrassed flush comes to his cheeks and ears.  The pain returns in his leg and he drops to the chair across from him.  This finally rouses Sherlock into sitting up to face him properly.
“I meant what I said Sherlock. Stop trying to die on me.”
“I’m not a psychiatrist Sherlock.”
“Oh what!? Charlotte?!” I shout sitting up and nearly knocking Sherlock off of the bed.
the relationship. Just don’t tell people Greg, we’d like the whole child thing to be a secret until it’s real ok?” I say shaking his hand.
Pay no heed what they say.
“You are such a liar. Sentiment definitely suits you” I say standing up holding out a hand for him.
“It would be better if he is in his own home, around his neighborhood, with his own belongings. I am sure Sherlock would have related that to his brother” John interrupts and managing to peel off the sensor in one quick flick of his fingers.
In bed. Well you’re not a stranger anymore are you John?” Sherlock asks staring directly at John.
“Let’s go.” Sherlock growls, slapping down money and grabbing John’s arm and pulling him towards the exit.
Sherlock made his way slowly to the nurses station. He narrowed down from the four nurses that one was happily married yet missed his children, one was had a serious pain killer addiction, there was Gloria who he would definitely avoid, and then there was the one on the blue cardigan. Recently dumped by her boyfriend, owns several overweight dogs, has few friends, bingo.  He brings his hands up to his hair to ruffle it into submission and feels the shaved patch and winces.  His Holmesian charm will just have to do.  He sees the woman’s name on her badge and makes his move.
“John the looks though the simpering looks and Molly’s tears were ridiculous”
“Well, fewer than I expected. I am gathering I became more of an asshole than I was when I was nineteen. I mean I know I should have friends.” Sherlock states gesticulating wildly.
“Much like this particular shade of yellow. It’s a nice gender neutral theme Sherlock” I say as I finish rubbing the edge of a decal on the wall.
John’s eyebrows shoot up his forehead in shock, “Are you sure? Maybe you’re therapist should be the one that goes with you, you know for support.”
He was slumped over an empty workspace when he heard a deep rumble of a voice shout his name. His head shot up at the scuffling noises he heard as well to see Sherlock Holmes being held back by several uniformed security guards. Sherlock’s eyes were wide and he looked like he had run a marathon from the flush of his cheeks and the sweaty curls plastered to his forehead.
“Read the file John.” he commands quietly and walks out.
“I listen John. I just…”
John waited for Sherlock to continue,  reaching for a tissue from the box on the end table. He hands it towards Sherlock carefully. Sherlock doesn’t take it and violently wipes at his face.
“You bastard” John shouts turning a delightful shade of pink. He can’t help the bubble of laughter that comes out of his mouth and Sherlock joins him.
to draw up the proposal. It is very cute, check it out
“If you think so
The dismissal the morning after to go check in with Mary, made him furious with Sherlock. If he hadn’t made him watch him jump off of that roof, if he had told him that he would be away for so long, or had asked him help with what he had to do, he would have been happy with just continuing as they were.
“How long?” John asks.
“Sit down Doctor Watson before you fall down.” Mycroft mutters with a sigh.
“Already asked her. I’ve decided Sherlock, what do you want to name him?” John asks.  Sherlock proceeds to stare at him silently. “Waters getting cold by now. Can’t possibly be comfortable after today.”
“Are you sure you weren’t a medical student?” John laughs.
“Well, Indian is the only food that you have ever stolen from me since we met . I’m glad you are getting better. I’ve missed your presence in the lab it is a bit dull with only the dead around” Molly smiles at him.
“Hmmnnn nipple cream, fancy needing that?” I smile cheekily.
“Where should you be right now?” John asks taking another bite of his pizza.
“Yes alive and well. Currently in Oklahoma competing in a line dancing competition” Mycroft rolls his eyes.
Inside:
“Doctor Watson I didn’t...” Mycroft sputters as he is pulled back by his partner.
“I know...I’m sorry...here...deep breaths...in and out” John soothes. He looks at the shaking form of Sherlock Holmes, he wasn’t the confident snarky man that he had treated. Something happened besides John’s lack of contact that set this off in his former patient. “Good deep breaths. I don’t want you to hyperventilate Sherlock, in and out.”
This outburst has made me nervous about what it might provoke out of Sherlock. He doesn’t always take well to confrontations.
“You should.” Greg grins at him.
He sent it as close to the holiday as he could in the most cowardly way, unsigned.  Sherlock would know the second he saw his address scrawled on the front.  He immediately regretted it, the fear that Sherlock would want nothing to do with him anymore. He hated himself, he hated that he loved two people.
“You’re lying” Sherlock murmurs studying his brother with narrowed eyes.
He gives himself a mental pat on his back. He was still in decent shape from all of the work he did at the hospital. What little weight work he could do with his shoulder had resulted in the maintenance of his former service physique. His scar could be off putting for some people, but since he had earned it in the service of his country he couldn’t care less. It was his limp and the nerve damage that bothered him the most. Sherlock did not mind either.
“That’s rather...nice….. Maybe I should watch it build up on my knowledge of children’s movies”
“Good that is a least a start.” Doctor Evans nods and leaves the room without any further comfort or explanation.
“I’m not the one who risked my life for a dog. You have to stop doing that, risking your life.”
At this he finally turns towards me, his face is paler than normal and his marvelous hands are shaking.
“What? Line dancing?” Sherlock laughs, “do they know what has happened to me?”
“Well enough about you then. On to why I’m actually here.” Sherlock says standing and pacing back and forth.
The rest of the evening passes with a parade of nurses checking vitals, and Sherlock’s mental state. Sherlock is annoyed by it, almost driving one of them to tears. He was only stopped by Gloria pulling the other nurse out of the room. Sherlock dares to google himself and finds his website. Sherlock is mildy disgusted by his writing about 243 types of tobacco ash, he had becomes so absolutely boring. He attempted for hours to determine the password to the blog but to no avail, falling asleep hands up on the keyboard.  He misses the nurse closing the laptop, pulling up the blanket, and wiping off the whiteboard in his room detailing his caretakers. Watson is replaced with Evans in her inelegant script.
“Where is Greg?” I ask looking around the set of buildings that brought me back to that first night I knew Sherlock.
“But, he...I want to keep my job but your brother wants to remember, terribly. Why don’t you want..”
Sherlock is exhausted from dealing with his new doctor and trying to retrieve the barest scraps of his memories. He manages to keep the frustrated tears at bay until the room is empty again. He wanted to see John, talk to the kind doctor who chatted needlessly about spy novels and hospital politics. He drifted into an anxious and exhausted sleep.
“Shut up….just shut up” he says shaking his head, hands on his waist. Upset.
“Of course Sherlock. I don’t save body parts for just anyone. See you soon” Molly says smiling and waving as she turns down the hallway.
“Mycroft. Looming in doorways, scaring away people. See you’re still doing that.” Sherlock mutters.
(See the end of the chapter for
. I don’t...” he stops when John holds up a hand.
I poured my drink and stomped back to the couch with the bottle in hand. This would do. Tomorrow would be kinder, less oppressive, less...damn...it all…
“Sherlock, I’ll text you if I can. I don’t want to keep your hopes up if I can’t.  Seriously people need to drive carefully and wash their hands, then I could guarantee a good long lunch with you. Please don’t show up here at the hospital either, you’ll just get sick yourself or distract me”
Sherlock sings against my ear.
“Ahh I see my brother has been by. Well I’ll just wander down to A&E and find him myself” Sherlock huffs turning away from the desk.
“They don’t like me.”  Sherlock grumbles
“John I can’t, my chest.” Sherlock whines trying to pull away from John.
“Vettt.” comes out quietly
“They aren’t all idiots. Doctor Watson is a fascinating person and an excellent doctor” Sherlock states avoiding his brother’s pointed gaze.
“Mr. Holmes, your brother would like to return to his own home. I told him and I’m telling you, that would be the best way for his memories to return. As an intelligent man yourself, as Sherlock has told me, you should know that.” John states stepping closer to Mycroft.
“When am I due for a visit from this Doctor Evans?”
“from the 40’s I think. 40s America so do keep that in mind”
I wake to an empty bed and a silence that is at the same time unusual yet soothing.  I rise and pull on a dressing gown brush my teeth and go searching for Sherlock.  I cock an ear to see where he might be as I walk down the hall.  I see the cracked door and take a look inside.  On the floor is my husband sound asleep. The blinds are drawn closed with only a nightlight to see the the cuddled forms.  Our son and daughter are curled against him, one against his neck the other in the crook of his arm,  a rare sight as they had apparently inherited their dad’s inability to have a consistent sleep schedule. I back out to retrieve my phone to capture the cute scene. When I return I take the photo and Sherlock begins to blink at me.
“You’re suffering from PTSD as well as depression.” Sherlock pauses to narrow his eyes at John in concentration, “even though you haven’t opened the drawer in several weeks. You’ve been distracted by something or someone? Have you broken up with your quote unquote girlfriend?”
“I realize now why I don’t have any friends. I must be an utter and complete bastard. I’ve probably tormented people, people hate me!” Sherlock says running shaking hands through his hair.
“John, Dr. John Watson. Very nice to meet you.” John says standing awkwardly holding out his hand to shake Mrs. Hudson’s.
The nurse blushes and smiles back, “What is his name?”
“I know it’s fine. Clearly you’re bisexual despite bringing no men and very few women home.” Sherlock squints somewhere behind John’s head, “I asked him, though,  and he said that I never came here with anyone.” Sherlock states eyes lowering to the silverware then back up to the mirror behind John’s head.  John doesn’t miss the pinking of Sherlock’s cheeks and rewards himself with a pointed look at Sherlock’s open collar and a lick of his own lips.
John spends the next several hours cleaning. Finding thick rubber gloves for the broken items and the mentioned bicarbonate for the acid which had eaten the linoleum.  He periodically checks on Sherlock who had mercifully fallen asleep and was snoring quietly. The light was growing dim and when John looked up at his phone after putting the last of the bags on the landing to take out later, it was early evening and he was starving. Sherlock was still sound asleep.  John took the bags down and out to the bins and knocked on Mrs. Hudson’s door.
“Of course I am sure John. It is almost as you are being deliberately thick. I don’t trust my therapist, especially since he is under Mycroft’s thumb, unlike another doctor I know. One that I trust.”
“Sherlock. Charlotte is having our baby.” I huff. This gets a reaction out of my husband, the sleepy housecat.
There it was, he was swept into the world of Sherlock Holmes. Killer cabbies, million pound hairpins, and psychotic bombers.  He agreed to die with Sherlock in that dank swimming pool, he had nothing to lose, nothing to hold him there other than Sherlock and an alcoholic sister who hated him.
“Doctor Watson I was expecting after Gregory’s call that Sherlock would disappear. That he would find a way to find drugs and use. He didn’t.  He came home, he ate a full dinner without any prodding, and spent several hours playing his violin. He even said goodnight to me and went to bed at a decent hour. I take that as a small victory. Frankly threatening you has done nothing to sever the connection to each other.” Mycroft hums.
“I could use your help on my cases.” Sherlock states shoving the folder back into his coat.
“You’re a medical man, needing to heal and fix and care. That is all. Go home John” I say wanting him to stay. I watch his face, his hands, he looks like the first night of my return, ready to punch, to hurt me.
“Love you” I whisper. I watch his face as it relaxes slightly.
“If it gets me home and into my own bed, yes. I am absolutely exhausted and just done with this day.  Sherlock the number of times I’ve had to drag my sister home to mine and have her sick with alcohol on my couch, you will be a thousand times more welcome. Just check if you have anything to bring to sleep in and lets get out of here. I have extra toothbrushes.” John blurts exasperatedly. Sherlock spins into his room and comes out with a pile of clothes.
“I don’t know about that.” John says then taking another swig, pleasantly warm and relaxed now.
“Yes Sherlock?” Molly turns back bright eyed.
“I felt it better that they didn’t. Over the years we’ve found them insufferable and overbearing at best. Sherlock how are you feeling?” Mycroft asks suddenly with genuine concern, as if remembering why he was actually there.
No signature, no return address. I lift it to my nose to smell it.
“You slept on the couch. How quaint.”
“It needs to build up in you system a bit. You will be feeling better soon Sherlock, I promise.” John says giving a squeeze of his shoulder.
“Uherm Sherlock, I am exhausted and I have work tomorrow, are you staying?” John asks rubbing the back of his head tiredly.
“I left my fiance alone, in bed, naked, on Valentine’s Day so see if you were ok, if you were high, or hurt, or dead. What can you deduce about that Sherlock Holmes” John growls, his hands clenched, his jaw set.
“Sherlock, hey Sherlock, they’re gone. You’re okay.” John says quietly and places a hand on eac of Sherlock’s shoulders.
“How bout I answer them now. My name Sherlock Holmes I believe my age to be 19 but in actuality I am currently 38, I retain most of my factual knowledge, but my personal knowledge and any personal and historical events of the last 19 years are gone.  The last thing I remember clearly is that I had a chemistry exam and I was on the way to take it. Question, do we still have troops in Iraq, or is your tan from Yugoslavia?” Sherlock enumerates holding eye contact with John.
“Sherlock, really. Just watch it for a bit yeah?”
“I don’t think Mrs. Hudson would appreciate the dog John.” Sherlock mutters.
“Apparently I cleared it just a bit.  He was accused of murder when he was actually robbing a house across town. He’s been helpful filling in some gaps, in cases I had solved before and other social aspects of my life.” Sherlock says waving him away. John again can only marvel at what Sherlock had accomplished.  So much the brain could not remember, so many things Sherlock had done.
“Greg I know Sherlock hasn’t eaten all day, I think after the trauma of today he deserves a good meal and rest. As a doctor I insist.”  John commands with a slight smile playing at his mouth.
“I told him we were doing this adoption thing ourselves. He worries the stress will be too much and because he cares about you Sherlock.  But very much like you, he doesn’t always listen”  I say moving the papers off the empty end of the couch and taking his feet in my hands.
Reading the paper, reading an article about some suicides that had occured all in the same way, he could only admire his flatmate.  Partners and loved ones had been saying that it couldn’t be possible for the person to have truly committed the act.  John scowled. Killing oneself was always a well planned act, plently of clues, signs, not usually impulsive. He had done the same in those months after his recovery. Sherlock had seen it.
“Ah Mr. Holmes?” John asks nodding at him eyebrows raised.
John follows Sherlock quietly up the stair where unit B must be. John’s heart begins to beat frantically with worry over what Sherlock’s reaction might be and to what he might learn about the man who’s rather ample bottom John is trying to avoid staring at. Sherlock stops at the landing before the door that is marked with a faded yellow B.
“Shhh.  a wise man told me once to be the man I am, not the man I was.”
A flurrry of activity from Sherlock’s room made Jon’s eyes look up from his paper.  In the hallway between the kitchen and Sherlock’s room stood a figure that John barely recognized. Hunched shoulders, baggy clothes, and greying hair.  He rose to his feet in a defensive stance.
“Ah Mr. Holmes? Your brother is awake now” John says confidently as he can in the face of the imposing figure sitting upright in the intentionally uncomfortable chairs.
“If you have deleted animal nature. It is not entirely safe to house and keep a male elephant”
“I believe you were working with him. I’ll get your brother”
“Oh, right.” Realization dawns on John’s face and he leans back in his chair.
“Oh seriously, My brother, in a relationship, with you. He doesn’t like people. Don’t I have my own place? I am an adult” Sherlock growls and crosses his arms.
“Tired, better, I’m sorry Miss Hooper for how I reacted to you the last time. I...just...deformed pancreases you mentioned?” Sherlock mutters waving his hands.
“Good night John, thank you.”
“John, I need you” Sherlock mutters rolling over with his back away to John and closing his eyes.  John watches him curled against the bed. He misses their conversations, he mourns the loss that distancing himself from Sherlock causes. John can’t help himself and asks,
“Well gentlemen, why don’t we sit and get to know each other ” Charlotte says eyeing us both. Sherlock drops her hand and reaches for me and catches my wrist in a vice-like grip. I wince and pry his fingers away and take his hand in mine.
“John sit down please.  It appears you and I need to have a talk about Sherlock.” Greg says placing one glass down on the table, gesturing for John to sit back down.
As john leaves the office he thinks, desperate times called for desperate measures. Even though John and Sherlock knew each other better than anyone else, there were things hidden from each other, stories untold, pains never shared, reasons neither man were terribly fond of their respective siblings. Mycroft was useful for knowing things like Sherlock’s blood type or if he was allergic to certain adhesives, and various other things that had been deleted to increase storage space.  John was weighing the consequences of call he was about to make when as if knowing his mind his phone pings.
“You probably should consider it by the look of embarrassment on your face I do a lot of the work for you” Sherlock smirks in amusement.
He then proceed to read every single message Sherlock felt compelled to send John.
“Hello?” Sherlock says stopping what he was doing and looking curiously at Lestrade. He sees that he’s trying to stop smoking, that he doesn’t sleep well, that eats way too many donuts for his own good, and that he is kind and trustworthy.
“I love you, you ridiculous bastard.” John says tugging off the towel and pulling Sherlock close into a kiss.
“What is it?” John eyes the folder.
He found a new job. He met simple blonde woman.  He fell in love.
“He’s the best in his field Sherlock! Yeah I got your note, it would be completely inappropriate on so many levels if I were to give you my number. I can’t  treat you Sherlock, I have other patients and you have been reassigned and should be released in what a day or so? I have to get back to patients that actually need me!” John says brusquely gathering his tablet and paper work and turning away from his former patient.
“Please John if you say I look cuddly in this I will go back and change. I’m trying really hard here and you teasing me about it isn’t helping. I want her to like me.” Sherlock shakes his head and puts up his hands up barring me from getting any closer.
“Good night, John.” He had said standing and giving John his own awkward pat.
“So he tried to force you back to work?” John asks stepping back.
“Sherlock?” I ask smiling.
“Press conference?” John blinks with confusion, and Sherlock rolls his eyes at him.
“Ok then,” John chuckles, “well yes we still have troops in Iraq but I served in Afghanistan. That is quite impressive for a head trauma. How are you feeling otherwise?”
“Mr. Holmes fine I’ll do it just tell your brother you stole the pager list.” Margaret says walking around the desk in pursuit.
“Sorry about that but you can be quite awkward when you’re nervous, yes I’ll marry you, you great idiot” I say he blinks back at me and he pulls me in for a kiss.
“Did he just say starting a family?’
“I need a phone, and at very least my own clothes, a room that locks, and maybe a room for experiments” Sherlock concedes folding his arms stubbornly.
“Believe it or not brother, it distresses me to see you in pain.” Mycroft follows to stand in front of his brother who was flopped sideways with his back to him.
“See myself in her? What are you talking about?” I ask ignoring the kindness in his omission.
John has to shake himself mentally as well as physically. He’s gathered that the elder Holmes brother is quite the powerful man, and his fascination with the younger Holmes brother would just be that, an admiration, a fascination.
“Sherlock? You’re currently in the nuero ward of the Royal London hospital, you were assaulted by an unknown assailant. If you...you .. touch your head there, you’ve had a serious head injury.” John says calmly gesturing to right above his ear,  inching as close as he can. He watches Sherlock sway a bit as his hand finds the shaved and stitched area on his head. John puts out a hand to keep the guard back, “Do you think you could put the chair down?”
“John. Sherlock for as insufferable as he can be, is also quite fragile in nature. Just...consider my help please” Mycroft says. I know he is more than right. I had seen it on my wedding day, and that day we almost said goodbye to each other forever.  The man would still not talk about the picture of the dog I found when I was making room for my clothes in one of his drawers. Perhaps I had misstepped giving Sherlock the research job.
“Thank you
“What happened to Doctor Watson?” Sherlock huffs as the medicine kicks in and he feels his body relax.
“You mentioned finding us a room somewhere”
“Doctor Watson, I would tread carefully around my brother. As I recall my nineteen year-old brother was quite the flirtatious manipulator. I would think that your career wouldn’t take kindly to a citation of improper conduct” Mycroft sneers.
“Doctor Watson, my brother has had many issues over the years as you have observed by the scars. I am going to do the best to avoid him reverting to those behaviors. As much as I might want him to remember the marvelous things that he has learned over the years, his demons that he has not met yet, are an all too different thing. Good day Doctor Watson”  Mycroft grumbles.
“You get that from when you were in Afghanistan. The need to protect and to do what is right. You’re limp is psychosomatic but it stops when you are talking to or taking care of me. I’m guessing a possible upper cervical injury by the tremor in you hands, but can’t tell since neck and back issues are common with people on their feet all day everyday.  You’re kind to your fellow doctors and nurses, but they bore you tears. Are you sure you don’t need me? Grey by the way.” Sherlock rattles off slowly and calmly. His eyes never leave the form of John Watson. John takes a deep breath, roll his shoulders, and turns to the nurse that Sherlock had been manipulating.
Before John can answer with any sort of speculation a loud “Yoo, hoo.” comes up the stairwell and the open door. Soon an elderly woman in a purple dress comes in with a tray of tea and biscuits.
“Don’t think I didn’t see the look on your face after Mary pulled me away. I saw that lost look of yours looking for someone to dance with.” I say giving him a squeeze.
“Any luck on flats then?” I murmur
“So did you bring many women here do you think? or men? which is fine by the way.” John awkwardly asks instead. He knows that this isn’t a date, but it is close to one as John could hope for.
“I don’t understand.” John says shaking his head and blinking.
“No, I” Sherlock started and John watched as tears spilled out of Sherlock’s eyes.
“You didn’t text me back.” Sherlock gulps avoiding John’s gaze.
“What is it John? I said I’d sign the thank you cards when I was done?!” he calls from the bottom of the basement stairs not coming
“Mycroft, why don’t you just get to the point? I have a lot of work to do and patients to look after.” John grumbles from his desk.
“Sherlock? can you hear me?” he asks again, and check his pupil response. Nothing has changed and he pulls the gurney towards the elevators that will take him to neuro.
“You do that, manipulate your way into her morgue to see the weird bodies.” Lestrade smirks.
“Hullo?” I yawn into the phone.
This is really getting me irritated, yes Sherlock is outwardly cold and weird, but it doesn’t mean he can’t love someone or be loved.
“Shut up John. I’m trying to look normal...make a good impression” Sherlocks grumbles pulling at the hem of the beautiful sweater that matched the color of his eyes when it was a rare sunny day.
“Now I’m going to ask you a couple of questions then you can rest some more. Will that be alright?” John asks.
John shakes his head and rubs his face in amazement.
“John you talked me down from a quite embarrassing panic attack rubbed my back and watched me cry I think that erases a certain level of boundaries between the two of us.” Sherlock murmurs.
I’m crying and laughing rubbing his back.  This was not the reaction from Sherlock I was expecting. I was expecting an awkward smile, a tilt of the head, a quick hug. Sherlock was usually protecting that strong facade he had pulled up around himself.  I had been expecting myself to be the emotional wreck but I felt an odd sense of calm and apprehension.
“Not forcing me. I was getting so damn bored being babysat by Mycroft and his assistants.  I wanted to go if not only to escape my brother for a bit. I was feeling better getting back to something normal that I did. The former cases were challenging and I trying an active case would make me even happier. I asked to go with him.”  Sherlock says still taking shuddering breaths in and out.
“Well George we’re getting married for the same reasons millions of people around the globe get married. Love, financial gain, and starting a family.” and with that Sherlock swept away leaving my face burning.
“You did?” Sherlock asks confused, “why would you tell me that. Mother and father love eachother very much. They are still together aren’t they??” Sherlock looks panicked.
“Thank you John. The feeling is quite mutual.” Sherlock says tugging John into their room.
“How are you feeling?” John asks sitting on the toilet seat and admiring the sight of alabaster skin draped in their ridiculously large clawfoot tub.
