“Dean, you are dangerously underweight.” Castiel emphasized, crouching down. “We do not know where the exit leads to. If you run into any trouble up there, you will die. If you lose much more weight down here, you will die the second you are back on planet earth, because you will have become too thin to live. We need to figure something out.”
Sam nodded, his bare feet hardly making any noise as he padded out of the room. “Fuck, he can’t even stand to look at me.” Dean muttered, sipping his coffee idly, trying to block out the continuous screaming of his brain of
“Oh, do not tell me you two were betting on that.” Dean scolded. “Besides, I sodomize Cas all the time.”
“No.” He replied firmly. He hated the fogginess they provided- he shuddered to think of how he wouldn’t be able to fight properly if something attacked while he was on narcotics. He thought of taking advil or drinking some whiskey, but he’d had so many stomach ulcers that he would need to eat something, first. He reached for his crutches, knocking them over with a grimace. He suddenly felt watched, like his vulnerability was on display, and felt like he needed to go somewhere or do something, shout or cry or do anything to get the two sets of pitying eyes off of him.
“I just don’t get why he always has to be the unlucky one.” Sam says, quietly. At least if he were the broken half, he could quietly retire from hunting and go to the cardiologists and physiotherapists his brother would never even consider. If it were him who had the messed-up genes, his brother could be hunting nonstop.
“Please don’t mention my father in the same sentence as Dean and I exploring each other carnally.” Castiel called from the kitchen.
Castiel beamed in reply and moved aside to show Dean a stash of paint rollers. “I’m painting the kitchen yellow.”
Dean watched as the angel’s figure slowly disappeared into the darkness. It was Benny’s voice that pulled him out of his trance like state. “You really love him, don’t you?”
Cas spun around and let a small smile anoint his face. “Not in the slightest. Shall we retire to your bedroom?”
Hanging up, he felt a tear run down his cheek as his hands begin to quake. Knowing it would be a few days before his Dad bothers calling him back, he resolves to call the only person he knows who always picks up on the first few rings.
Cas placed him on the bed gently. “If we are to cuddle.” He spoke. “I am going to go get my blanket. I have no clue how you find this wool….
“I left you in purgatory.” Cas insisted. “And then I remained for selfish reasons, while forcing you to go.”
Cas sits next to him, and Dean pretends not to envy the way his knees don’t quake.  The angel reaches out to touch him, but he pushes his hand away. “Don’t waste your mojo.” He instructs. “I’m fine, just needed to sit for a moment.”
Dean smiled and poured himself a cup of coffee, including a splash of cream. “To new beginnings.” He cheered, clinking his mug against Castiel’s.
Castiel rejoined the kiss, but it was softer now. He removed his belt and let Dean help him out of his trousers and boxers before pushing the hunter back onto the bed. “So beautiful.” Castiel admired, opening the bedside drawer and grabbing lube. He slicked a finger and pressed it into Dean carefully, watching as the man keened in response.
And if the last thing Sam thinks as he jumps into the pit is how glad he is Dean finally gets a shot at normalcy, well, no one is none the wiser.
The rest of the drive is silent, aside from Sam’s soft snores from the backseat. When they arrive, Dean opens the impala’s back doors, intending to rouse his brother, but Castiel scoops the sleeping form of Sam up and put him in a fireman’s carry. “I will put him to bed.” Cas insists, walking towards the bunker’s entrance. “Wait here.”
Fifteen minutes later, Sam and Cas stood outside the motel room, grim looks on their faces as they tried to figure out how to kill the monster in Dean’s mind. “What are we going to do?” Sam asked.
An hour and a half later of looking through posts hashtagged Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome on various websites, Castiel had a few ideas of what seemed to offer some relief to others with Dean’s condition. He cataloged them internally and was just deciding whether to list marijuana above or below topical application of magnesium in terms of potential usefulness when he heard the telltale clacking of Dean making his way into the library on crutches.
The going’s slow, and halfway through Dean thinks it might have just been quicker if Bobby had carried him, but soon they’re inside and Bobby is kicking the spluttering radiator, trying to coax a bit more heat out of it. Dean’s leaning ramrod straight against the headboard of one of the beds, feeling a bit like a tight-laced Victorian governess.
Castiel was nude by the time Dean made it into the bathroom, and already had the tap turned on, waiting casually for the water to heat up.
Castiel continued walking, intent on getting Dean seated quickly. He knew the hunter needed rest and warm compresses to recuperate. “Have you felt this, as well?” The angel asked. “This…” He trailed off, unable to conjure the word he was searching for. Rejection? Anguish? Abandonment? He silently read the next verse as he awaited the reply.
Dean is already tucking the blanket tighter around his brother’s body. “Neither.” He insists. “Sammy will probably get feverish soon, I’ll need my hands free to get ice.
Dean nodded, readjusting himself to place his head against Cas’ when he felt the angel’s erection. “Oh,” He breathed.
Once he left, Dean took off his shoes and socks, taking the time to carefully relocate the toes that had dislocated during his outing. Then, he removed his leather jacket, before shrugging and taking off his jeans as well before laying back and wrapping the blanket around his legs, now clad only in boxers and two shirts.  “Hey there, handsome.” Dean greeted.
Dad is off to god knows where, likely far away from anything resembling cell service, his baby brother is at fucking
Dean snorted. “I’m flattered. Mind handing me one of your pillows, then?”  Castiel did as requested, and Dean placed it betwixt his bony knees. “G’ Night.” He murmured.
And then he stood and fought until he met Benny. He ate what Benny ordered him to, no more, no less, and after almost passing out a handful of times Benny seemed to grasp the unspoken rules of their symbiotic relationship. His memories of humanhood being hundreds of years in the past, Benny seemed to time the meals around whenever he was hungry, tossing Dean a jackrabbit or small basilisk every few days before drinking the human’s blood. Afterwards, Dean would find himself wrapped in the vampire’s coat, and the lightheadedness from blood loss was close enough to the high of hunger that he would feel almost okay for a while. It’s in these quiet moments that Dean lets Benny fuck him, and with blue eyes and dark hair staring at him, he wonders why he still feels so empty.
How fucked up, Sam thinks one night after he’s had more than his standard issue of liquor, that he would have thought he’d see his own brother in a wheelchair long before he saw Bobby in one.
Castiel bit back the urge to tell Dean he wouldn’t be so cold if he just ate. There were more important things at hand, literally.  “I’ve missed you, as well.” He replied. “Are you ready for more?” He scissored his fingers tentatively, trying to decide if he could fit a third digit in.
“Other than canned soup?” Castiel clarified. He’d seen the hunter’s pantry when Dean relapses, going from pasta and oatmeal to a landscape punctuated by so many cans labeled
Dean stilled, and Castiel paused, taking the moment to squeeze Dean’s waist a little tighter. “He never replied.” The angel confessed. “I screamed, I cried. I prayed in Enochian, in Hebrew, in languages that have been dead since long before Noah built the ark, and he never replied.” Castiel murmured. “In my hour of need, my father did not come to answer. I fear that my repulsive actions when the leviathan were in me may be the closest thing this earth will ever get to having God walk the earth. I fear the closest I will ever feel to my father is what I felt when I housed his rejections.”
“Mhhrph?” Dean grunted, sitting up carefully. His back felt good, the vertebrae in, with only a little residual swelling. His ass was definitely bruised, his tailbone probably as well, but all things considered he felt a hell of a lot better than expected.
“I have you.” Cas reassured, clutching Dean firmly to his chest, keeping him anchored upright. He focused on Dean’s body for a moment, feeling the changes in heat signatures before identifying what was causing Dean the most issues at that moment. “Is this your way of saying I make you weak at the knees?”
They find Cas by the river, and after convincing him to join the group, the three camp together, and Dean falls in love with the Angell all over again. He loves Benny, too, but they quit having sex and focus on getting out of there. At the end of their first day as a triad, Benny puts on some water to boil near the cliffside and places a simple trap on the other side to slow down anything that is attracted to the fire. Castiel carefully produced a bundle of white sage from his coat, explaining that he’d gathered it the previous day, lest he come across a fae.
“Of course.” Sam said. “I’ll just leave them right here.” With that, he leaned them against the wall of buttons and laughed to himself as he trotted into the kitchen to give Cas his list.
“You’re speaking of Purgatory.” Castiel murmured. Of course, the hunter was. That night, running, with cold temperatures, a barren forest, and danger at every angle… he’d felt it too. The kind of familiarity associated not with homesickness, but rather with terror.
Dean could practically hear Sam roll his eyes, but the chair squeaked, and his ginormous brother came over to the table. “I’m giving Cas the list this time.”
Castiel gave a reassuring squeeze of Dean’s arm. “I will not leave. I simply need to gauge your weight loss.” He looked at Sam expectantly. “When was the last time he had anything of sustenance?”
Dean awoke to a cold bed and even colder hands. He wrapped the blanket tightly around his shoulders, sitting up slowly in an unsuccessful effort to avoid a headrush. He glanced about the room, looking for proof he hadn’t merely dreamed yesterday’s activities, and relaxed when he saw
“So you’re telling me my brother is more likely to be cured by CRISPR than angels?” Sam snorts, picking up another book that probably should have been thrown out in the Victorian years. “Sounds like a load of horse shit.”
afraid, that I am going to lose you to something preventable. That you are going to die a mundane death, premature and entirely unfit for the righteous man I love.” There was moisture on his vessel’s face, and he realized he was crying.
Annoyance seems to be as close to emotion as Sam gets nowadays, and Dean finds himself grinning. “Well, you can’t always get what you want.”
“Couple of hours, I think.” Benny replied. “It’s cloudy up here, so I can’t see where exactly the moon is.”
It was slow, Cas being sure to chew until all lumps were gone for fear of Dean choking, but soon they were down to just the crusts of one half of the slice. Dean shook his head, signaling he was done, and Castiel swallowed the final bite. “I’m proud of you.”
Castiel had been sitting in the bunker kitchen, and Dean stumbled in with a hand on the wall. “Hey, Cas.” He greeted, limping to the sink for a glass of water. “What are you doing, sitting in the dark?”
Sam finishes his beer and pauses before asking the question that’s been burning within for a year’s time. “Is that why you didn’t cure Dean when you pulled him out of hell?”
worked) His hands clicked on his contacts list. It was short, and most of the names were descriptions of other hunters like
Castiel places his mug down gently. “DNA is a difficult thing.” He responds carefully. “A little bit of grace in the wrong place can cause a person to mutate into something more closely resembling a snail than a human. I was born to fight. Someone like Raphael, an angel born to heal, might be able to carefully remove the abnormalities causing your brothers defective collagen but even then, it would be risky.”
They play the game for a bit, Dean pretending not to realize it’s just a method of keeping him awake. There’s a knock at the door, and Bobby accepts the bag of uncooked rice. Pouring it into clean socks, the elder hunter heats the bundles in the microwave before placing them under the blanket with Dean. After an hour or so of the one-sided questioning, Bobby seemed satisfied that Dean wasn’t in the danger zone anymore.
He wondered where he would be if Castiel hadn’t shown up. If Dean was honest, the only thing worth living for in this moment with Cas. While he wasn’t quite to the point of putting a gun to his mouth or slit his wrists, he also wasn’t ready to eat just for the purpose of dragging out his miserable existence. The blaze of glory he wanted to go out in beckoned him at night, and now he thought the closest thing to glory he could get was to show his control by dying with as little fat as possible.
Frowning, Cas detached the showerhead and rinsed Dean’s hair and body thoroughly before shutting the water off. “There.” He announced. “All clean.” Standing, he laid a towel atop the closed toilet and made a mental note to get a small chair for the bathroom next time he had the chance. Something wood, perhaps, he mused. He picked up Dean carefully after informing him of his intention and placed him on the towel before grabbing a second one to dry Dean off with, using his grace to warm it slightly.
Dean sighed. “I’ll pull in front of the store, get out and go inside, and you can park baby, okay?” He offered. “Just know I’ve got an angel blade and I’m not afraid to use it if you scratch her.”
Castiel wiped his face dry. “I promise.” He thought of the day he pulled the man from hell, declaring triumphantly that Dean Winchester was saved. How the roles had reversed, now. He had saved Dean all those years ago, but now, the hunter had saved Castiel from the hell of his own mind. “I promise, Dean Winchester, that I will live for you, and with you, for as long as I can remain by your side.”
Dean shook his head. “Cas, last night, with you quoting Coleridge… it felt like the most open you’ve been. It was like I could peer past the curtains in your mind. I want you to read to me, but you chose the book. I want you to read what you feel like reading.”
The vampire pulled away from the cut, wrapping a length of cloth around it. His head was clear now that he was full, and he hadn’t realized how bad of shape Dean was in when he began his frenzy. “Shit, brother.” He drawled. “You should’ve said something earlier. I’ll go get you something to eat.” He looked at the angel. “You can keep guard, I assume?”
Castiel sat down near the fire, in between Benny and Dean, so he was facing the entrance. As he began carefully plucking black feathers from the creature he held, he replied. “Technically, no. It was born on earth, but it did however descend from it’s ancestors who landed near the El Yunca rainforest in the 1970’s and-“
Castiel felt his breath grow ragged and his eyes grow heavy. He saw how Dean was with Sam- always struggling to maintain the image of the perfect older brother, and never more than a few steps away from whatever self-sacrifice he thought might help Sam. How had the hunter managed to exit purgatory? Dean wasn’t alone in this when Cas was there- and the sudden image of Dean, not Ivan Ilynch, alone at the edge of the abyss of chronic pain, he broke down crying. He tried to remain quiet, but after a few minutes Dean stirred and Castiel tried to hastily control his sobs.
“Not sure.” Dean admits as he slows to a leisurely 60 whilst passing a school. “We’ll have to wait and see until after he’s gotten some rest.”
“I’m going to get back to the ramblings of,” Sam glanced at the author’s name inscribed on the spine of the Edwardian book he was holding. “J. T Stainton.”
Castiel sat on one side of Dean, trying to offer what little body heat his vessel produced, and once Benny had the meat cooking, he excused himself to check the perimeter. In the newfound privacy, Castiel brushed his fingers across the stubble that decorated Dean’s jawline. “I’m surprised your knife is still sharp enough to shave with.” He murmured.
“There’s a diner down the street.” Sam sighed. “But, what if he doesn’t eat, or what if he just throws them up, or has a heart attack or-“
Sam gave a weak smile. “Can’t say I blame her. Getting kidnapped by God is enough to fuck with anyone’s mind.”
Dean took the cup with both hands, raising it to his mouth carefully. “Tastes like shit.” He complained.
Six hours later, Dean wondered why there were so many rewritings of the bible. Sure, it had some good moments (that fat king dying on the toilet came to his mind), but overall, it was kind of a snooze fest. He’d been digging through Sam’s backlog of bible PDFs for what felt like forever, opening one, hitting CTRL + F, typing
Deciding the hunter would be far more comfortable in bed, Castiel pressed two fingers against his head to ensure Dean would remain asleep before carefully carrying the man into his bedroom, depositing him carefully on the memory foam mattress. “Sleep now.” He murmured. “Angels are watching over you.”
Dean nodded, letting Cas’s grace infiltrate him, a warm, staticky sensation so familiar it felt downright homey. He hummed in contentment as the pounding in his head retreated and warmth seeped down into his toes. “I forgot your secondary feature of being a space heater.” He teased.
Afterall, why bring Dean back to life just to leave him with the parasite of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome still attached?
“How lucky.” Cas teased. “Because I adore petting your hair.” He let his fingertips sink deeper, massaging Dean’s scalp, feeling as the tension melted away from them both. There was something so addictive about this dynamic- Dean letting himself surrender, Cas getting to control something no matter how hectic the world seemed, and the angel felt a smile tug at the corners of his lips. “How about a bath, my dear?”
Dean stood, making his way from the library to the Dean cave, where Cas had holed up with a stack of ancient tomes, claiming the clacking of keyboards was keeping him from fully immersing himself in the texts. “Hey.” He greeted, opening the door.
“One hundred and twenty-eight pounds.” Castiel announced. “That is how much you weigh Dean.” He scrubbed at his face, wishing suddenly to be clean shaven. “Your heart-“his voice croaked. “The wall of your heart is thinning. I don’t know if I can repair it in my current state.”
Dean was suddenly back at the kitchen table, his hands wrapped around his forgotten mug of coffee. “Just broth?” He questioned.
Castiel smiled. “Thank you, Dean.” He looked at the oncoming road. “Not just for that, but for…” He paused searching for words. “For allowing me to feel needed.”
Castiel huffed. “It’s not like I had all the information, Dean. How was I supposed to know that me leaving would trigger you?”
Acquiring the bunker is somehow simultaneously one of the best and worst things that happen to Dean. On one hand, there’s the escape from the cramped impala, a gorgeous memory foam mattress that cradles his aching body, and a consistent supply of hot water to cascade from a rain head shower.
Castiel was instantly by his side. “Dean.” He worried. Then after a pause, “May I carry you to your room?”
“Too bad.” Bobby replied. He stretched his arms carefully. “I’m going to go ask the front desk for some more blankets; you got enough pillows?”
“Thank you.” Castiel said, coming over and peeling the label off Gatorade before handing it to Dean, sitting on the edge of his bed. He picked up the remote, stopping when he saw Dr. Sexy was on. “Is this the one where the oncology nurse spills chemotherapy while taking a shortcut through the NICU and they have to treat a premature infant for radiation poisoning?”
It’s not like Dean blamed him- he’s of no use on a hunt with a hip that won’t stay in the socket for more than ten steps, and he knows from John’s drunken ramblings that the sigh of Dean’s bent-back elbows and floating kneecaps were enough to remind his father of Mom. It still stings though, to not be asked to help with research or
Dean pondered this for a moment. “Sammy made me eat a banana a while ago.” He admitted. “You know how he gets about potassium. I’ve had a few yogurts, as well. Some crackers, too.”
Castiel shrugged off his jacket and began to unbutton his shirt slowly. “Well of course.” He teased. “That would be a fruitless endeavor. Angels are un-defile-able.”  He frowned at the poor grammar. “Fileable? The English language is incomprehensible at times, and I’ve witnessed its creation.”
Castiel closed his eyes as he remembered the carnage in heaven. “I think of it all the time.” He responded. Opening his eyes, he saw Dean look at him solemnly, and Castiel wondered if the hunter saw past the body he himself wore, too. “I oftentimes think I left there before my penance was over.” He continued. His hands were shaking slightly, causing a faint rattle against the wood of the table. “I think I should still be there. That I deserve to still be there.” If he had breath, it surely would have caught in his throat as he turned to gaze into the abyss of the darkened kitchen.
There’s a faint crackling sensation across Dean’s skin, not painful or even uncomfortable, just a tingle akin to touching the static on a television screen. Castiel’s hand glows and the bruises are healed. “My apologies.” The angel murmurs. “I did not mean to cause you any unneeded pain.”
Purgatory was never meant to house humans. This became increasingly obvious to Dean during his third night trapped there, when as he pressed a hand against one of the walls of the cavern he sought refuge in and shoved a hand down his throat. His knuckles brushed against the familiar spot behind his tongue, but nothing happened to the weight pressing low in his stomach, or the buzz of panic swarming his head. Suddenly, he felt like he was back down in hell, the only other place he hasn’t had this creature comfort to fill whatever empty space he was carrying at that moment. Dean tried again, more forcefully, adding a third finger, and violently twisting them in his throat, clawing until he tasted blood.
When Sam came home, he was greeted by two things: the overwhelming smell of cheap soap and Castiel’s bare ass.
Breakfast was mediocre at best. The two pieces of WonderBread they had left were both ends, and the only jam left was blueberry, not strawberry. The coffee was good, and the company better though, so Dean couldn’t complain too much. “Looks like we’re going on a supply run.” He told Cas, after finishing his breakfast and kissing him with too much tongue so he could hear the angel complain of how the molecular structure of the high fructose corn syrup in the bread tasted disgusting.
Sam exhales. “He’d need an opioid to even make a dent in it.” He sips his beer slowly. “He gets foggy on them; he’d probably argue he’s too young to be addicted to something.”
Dean thinks he should be agitated.  He doesn’t want to be coddled, or even worse, pitied. Somehow, the tone and Castiel’s voice let him know that’s not what going on now. Can isn’t sad
It scares him. Suddenly, Sam is ten and he’s watching as his brother throws up from the pain of a dislocated rib. He’s twelve and watching in horror as Dean dislocates his hip simply by rolling over too quickly in bed. He’s six and sees his brother bleed through towel after towel from what should have been merely a scratch from where he brushed against the windowsill wrong.
“Nah.” Dean declined, humming with content as Cas started to carefully bathe him, rubbing a washcloth across his chest as the hot water continually beat down. The bathtub was cold against his back, though, and he found himself suppressing a shiver.
“Day after day, day after day, / We stuck, nor breath nor motion; / As idle as a painted ship/Upon a painted ocean.” Castiel agreed. “Angels are not supposed to grow weary from the passage of time. But that place… That place exhausted me, Dean.”
Dean sighed at the contact, his subspace slipping into his mind slowly, like waves caressing the shore. “I like it when you pet my hair.” He susurrated.
Somewhere between being eaten by hellhounds and shedding his wooden onesie, Dean has irrevocably changed.
Once Cas had left the room, Dean pulled a flannel on over his shirt, an old Woolrich one he’d inherited from his Dad. He’d already put jeans on, so now all that was left were shoes and socks. He could just have put his slippers back on, but the ankle support of his boots sounded heavenly right now for his fatigued legs. Once he had them laced all the way to the top, he grabbed his forearm crutches and began the trek to the map room that seemed twice as long as normal. He passed Sam, still sat at the table in the library, though his brother was staring at his laptop instead of a book this time.
Sam jumped a bit at the voice coming from the dark kitchen, but relaxed as he flipped on the light and saw it was merely Castiel.  “Hey, Cas.”  He accepted the proffered cup of coffee with a half-smile of thanks. “Dean still asleep?”
“I’m sorry.” The angel apologized. “Sam was showing me how to go on the social media.” He bent down and pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips. “Just let me worry about you, okay?”
“Let’s get you sitting.” Cas susurrated, slowly helping the hunter ease down onto the cold porcelain of the tub. Cas stepped out, grabbing the shampoo and working a lather into Dean’s wet hair. “Do you want a shave?” He offered. The hunter was only mildly stubbled, but he knew Dean sometimes preferred to be completely clean shaven.
“I love you.” He confessed. It felt freeing, to allow himself to feel the most human of emotions, and to express it in words. He and Dean talked more in body language than in spoken communication most of the time, letting longing gazes and deep kisses convey what was felt, and it was rare to talk this much, never mind talk of things deep.
Castiel’s hand was warm on the back of his neck, and his knees quaked as he gripped the metal basin, dry heaving and agony filling the space where his thoughts should be. “Sorry.” He grunted, not quite sure what exactly he was apologizing for.
“Got a buddy up near Whitehorse working a case.” Bobby responded. “No EMF, smell of Sulphur, and it’s impossible to notice any cold spots since he’s well into Yukon. When he turns on the tap, the water is cloudy, but only in the kitchen, not the bathroom. What’s he hunting?”
Castiel chewed his lip nervously before cutting Sam off. “Dean’s state is not that critical yet.” He reassured.
“We’re about a quarter of a way up a mountain right now.” Benny answered. “Your friend says it’s the quickest route to the exit.” He rearranged the fire, prodding the flaming logs with bare hands.
The day after their wendigo hunt, Sam understands the catalyst for the cane. He and his brother had been on the move for days, and Sam had felt confused when he watched as Dean ran and hiked and generally seemed
“I believe we should start in the produce section.” Cas suggested. “Sam has requested spinach and some infant tomatoes.”
Bobby nodded. “Alright then, you feel up to researching? I’m helping a fellow down south with a lemure. How’s your Latin?”
Pulling out his Nokia, which was uncracked and functional as always (Dean was pretty sure the things were indestructible, as he’d run it over with the impala and sent it through the washing machine twice and it
Dean sighs, deflating a bit. “Tired.” He admits. His body has been precarious ever since returning from purgatory, and the constant stress over the past few days has taken its toll.
Sam eyed Dean worriedly as he walked past but said nothing on the subject. “I’ll go put the groceries.” He said instead.
Castiel exhaled. “The many men, so beautiful! / And they all dead did lie: / And a thousand thousand slimy things / Lived on; and so did I.” He quoted. “I know what that mariner felt, Dean. What this overwhelming grief feels like, to live on after seeing souls die at your own hand.” He looked down at the sleeve of his trench coat now, remembering the gore of his brothers’ flesh and grace that had coated it in heaven. “I killed so many of my brothers.” He whispered. “And I cannot promise you that I will not claim the life of one more angel.” He added. “But I don’t want to put you through that. I’m staying here, forcing myself to view you to remind myself that I still have purpose, Dean.”
Dean looks up, aghast. He wants to tell his soulless shell of a brother that this isn’t something they acknowledge, much less talk about. “Sorry.” He grumbles instead. “I’ll try and think of your auditory comfort before I sprain my knee next time.”
“As you wish.” Castiel replied. He turned the water as hot as it would go, frowning when it managed only a meager 40 degrees Celsius. It was cooler than Dean preferred, but it would have to do. He did in all honesty feel weak, and heating water would be a waste of his grace. He stripped quickly, folding his bloodied clothes neatly on the countertop. He pulled back the shower curtain but stopped as he heard a muttered curse. “Dean?” He asked quickly, stepping out to the man, who was grasping the motel dresser as if it was the only thing holding him up.
He thinks. His wrist trembles from leaning on it but he makes it down two more stairs before he stops to sit, the agony making him too dizzy to continue.  As he rests his head between his knees, he hears the quiet footsteps of Castiel approaching.
Dean nodded, and Castiel was gentle as he lifted him. Carefully putting him down, Cas positioned them so Dean’s back faced the water, with himself facing Dean’s front so he could support the hunter. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ shoulders, and the angel grabbed the base of Dean’s ass to help hold his upright. “Thanks, Cas.” Dean murmured. The hot water felt luxurious as it loosened the muscles in his back, and he moaned happily.
“Hey Cas.” He says softly. “I know you’re busy, but I’ll be needing a hand in a minute.” He glances at the pale face of his brother in the rearview mirror. “Don’t know if I’ll be able to carry sasquatch by myself.” He admits.
Dean nodded. It was as good of an answer as any. How or why Cas was here didn’t matter to him in this moment, all that matter was that Cas was here. He let himself be as resistant as a marionette doll for the time being, complacently sitting as Cas began to undress him. It was odd, to be with Cas, this intimate without any plans of sex.
Castiel smiled, pressing a soft kiss to the hunter’s knee.  “Dean.” He replied seriously. “All I need is for you to be yourself. To quote the Elvis, you make me happy when skies are grey.”
“Don’t back out now, Cas.” Dean begged, fingers stripping the shirt from Cas’s torso. “I’ve missed you too much.”
Bobby looks thoughtfully out the window. “I got a few doctor friends.” He muses. “Maybe they could get him on painkillers or something.”
After giving the hunter a few painkillers (he’d been talked into narcotics so quickly Castiel wasn’t sure whether to worry, but that was a discussion for another day,) Dean fell asleep against Castiel’s shoulder while engulfed in the soft light of
Cas shook his head. “That’s not what I asked.” He took a purposeful bite and chewed thoughtfully, then paused. Cas brought a hand up to caress the back of Dean’s head and pulled him forward, meshing their lips together. Using his tongue, he gently pushed the toast into Dean’s mouth before pulling back to observe the hunter’s reaction.
“I know.” Castiel replied. “But I want to. I love you, and I want you to feel as good as you possibly can right now.”
“I thought you were dead.” Dean whispered. The blackness was still filling his vision, and he felt himself slumping down, but the angel wrapped his arms around him. A deep warmth suddenly filled him, and he smiled, realizing the angel had wrapped his wings around him.
, and he knows for a fact he’s the only one staying at the hotel because who the fuck comes to Minnesota in December?
Nodding, Castiel stood quickly walking to help Dean stand as well. Dean moved to shrug him off, but Castiel ignored him, wrapping an arm around the hunter’s waist. “Please.” Castiel asked. “Please just allow me to feel like I’m helping.”
him. With a deep breath, he lifts his head and the room is no longer spinning. “Help me up?” He asks.
“I have far more than I foresee myself needing.” He said softly. “I’ll make you some tea.” Adding the herbs carefully to the metal coffee tin they’d found sixty miles south, Dean took relish in the familiar sight of the angel, his face warmed by the light the fire produced. The empty space was filled now, and he could relax.
Dean looked at the vampire, deciding his next carefully. “Benny, you’ve been by my side for months, I-“
Their shoulders touch and Dean tries to match his breathing to Cas’. “I wish I could take this burden from you.” Castiel says softly. “I wish I could place it onto myself so I wouldn’t have to see you suffer.”
Cas is. When they were running in purgatory, fighting every second of everyday, he seemed almost human. Now, as Castiel picked him up bridal style, carrying him like he weighed little more than a feather, he was reminded of the unbridled power that is merely contained behind the façade he knows as Cas. The angel- the warrior of heaven- just placed him gently down on the closed toilet, undressing him gingerly, like the oversized hoodie and sweatpants are the only things holding him together anymore. He wanted to scream at the angel to just leave him alone and let him die in peace, and the other half wanted to binge and purge until he knows that this was finally real, and not another dream about to turn into a nightmare the second he opened his eyes. “Why are you here?” He finally settled on, as Castiel carefully maneuvered him to take off his T shirt.
“Oh, Cas.” Dean murmured, pushing himself upright to wrap his arms around the angel. “You’re okay, you’re okay.”
Dean wants to get angry, to yell at the husk of a brother beside him that he’s not sure he could make it to the shitter unaided, much less meander through the sporting goods store they’re at while trying to gauge how many shotgun shells they can buy at once without raising suspicions.  But then the thing turns to look at him, and the eyes are Sammy’s, so he softens. “You have a point.” He replies amicably. “I’ll leave them in the car when we buy groceries.”
“So, you’ve come to gank a Winchester.” He spoke to whatever had just entered the motel room. “Shame for you, it’s more of a mercy kill than a fight right now.”
“Good.” Sam looked at Dean’s thinning body, no longer concealed beneath layers upon layers of flannel. “You want something to eat?”
Dean shook his head. “I want it to burn.” Castiel must have looked ready to protest, because Dean cut him off, saying, “I
At the end of the third day, Benny was beginning to slow on his feet, and his punches seemed lackluster. When they made camp that night, Dean rolled his sleeve up after they’d had their fill of hot water and pulled his knife out. “What are you doing?” Castiel quired.
“You left.” Dean barked. “You were pissed, and you left. Sorry for taking that as a do-not-disturb. Not exactly like you were answering your phone.”
“Could that help?” Cas asked softly. “This way, you get food but don’t have to chew or otherwise think about feeding yourself.”
“During an interval in the Melvinski trial in the large building of the Law Courts the members and public prosecutor met in Ivan Egorovich Shebek's private room, where the conversation turned on the celebrated Krasovski case.”
Dean nodded, sipping his coffee as Cas bustled at the stovetop, taking the chicken bouillon concentrate from the fridge and diluting it thoughtfully. “I’m going to go take a shower.” Sam blurted out, as if his hair wasn’t still wet from the one he took an hour ago.
Dean snorted. “Well you know, I thought about going to the McDonalds around the corner, but y’know...”
Sam smacked him with the notepad he was holding, so Dean whacked him in the shins with a crutch. “Ow!” Sam complained. “I was much nicer.” He smacked Dean at the base of his neck, and Dean whacked him with a crutch again. “Oh, you want to go nuclear?” He asked with a glimmer in his eye. Snatching Dean’s crutches, he made a show of holding them above his head, while Dean scowled.
Benny stops to scan the area. “Cave in another two miles.” He drawls. “I’ll find you something to eat when we get there, maybe you just need something more than dandelions.”
“You dehydrated yourself vomiting.” Castiel murmured. “Let’s get a quick shower, and then get you rehydrated.” He reached out to touch the man’s bony shoulder, stopping when Dean tensed.
The rest of the shopping was uneventful, even though Dean’s attempts to screw over Sam were met with great distain from the angel. Once they crossed through the doors of the bunker, Dean stalled at the top of the stairs.
“I’m gonna see if this place has an ice machine.” Bobby grunted, but not before draping a blanket over him carefully. “I can’t have any swelling starting near your spinal cord. I’ll give you some of the good stuff when I’m back and see if we can’t get you some sleep.”
in English. “Ol hoath.” He murmured back, feeling Castiel continually thrust against him. He tightened his grip on the angel’s shoulders and clenched his thigh muscles for more friction.
He clenches his hip muscle to try and figure out what’s wrong and yep, that’s definitely a vertebra out. Dean’s stupid and will brush off a lot of things, but anything that could potentially screw with his spinal cord he tries not to fuck with. Looking sadly at the ice below his ass, he sighs. The injury is low- L1 or L2, and Dean can still wiggle his toes so no real harm was done in the fall, but he knows falling again with a joint already subluxated could leave him paralyzed.
“I am aware.” Castiel replied, pouring himself a cup of coffee. Of all the molecules, caffeine tasted the best to him, so coffee was one of the few human substances he partook in. It also helped the normalcy for him to have something in front of him when he met the boys at a diner, or so Dean said. “However, I offered, and he accepted gladly. He’d woken up from the pain merely a few hours after lying down, so I think he wanted some sleep.”
“I’ll take the groceries in, then come and help you.” Castiel told Dean. When the hunter opened his mouth to protest, Cas cut him off. “That wasn’t a question.” He said, then promptly flew from the car into the bunker with groceries in hand. Almost instantaneously, He was back, opening the car door for Dean.
Castiel sighed, standing from he had knelt to draw the bath. “You make it sound as if I’m attached to your eating disorder, not you.”
They snort halfheartedly; it’s half-past ten and Dean’s two thirds deep into a six-pack already. “Foggy’s gotta be a hell of a lot better than whatever he is now.” Bobby replies.
Dean took Cas in hand, and the door had scarcely slammed behind them when he began to tear off the angel’s superfluous layers. Starting with the trench coat, he ripped off the suit jacket and Castiel’s tie before beginning to unbutton his shirt. “You wear too many layers.” He groaned, already half hard and pausing to rub himself against Cas, desperate for friction.
Dean pulled his shirt down, shivering from the cold. “I’m fine.” He insisted, but he wasn’t even sure he believed it anymore.
Castiel chuckled. “I could say the same thing about you.” He teased, quickly untying Dean’s robe while capturing the hunter’s lips in a kiss. In one fluid movement, he had the offending garment thrown clear across the room. As he pulled back to rake his eyes over Dean’s body, his hands stilled. “Oh,
Sam finds himself hoping, for a few moments as he hugs his brother, that Dean just might be undead, rather than alive.  Maybe, just maybe, they’ve had a lucky break and Dean no longer has to deal with the more unpleasant side effects of being alive.  It’s a stupid thought, not only because when have they ever had
“I know that in reality, we were only there for a year.” Dean agreed. “And yet it feels like I spent a lifetime there.”
I didn’t think you meant sitting on your ass outdoors in 0-degree weather! You got a fucking death wish?”
“Of course not.” Castiel soothed. “You’re ill, Dean. I don’t imagine a fresh coat of paint will fix everything. It’s a start, though. A new beginning.”
“I’m sorry for snapping.” Dean relented before sinking back into a reclined position against the cave wall, feeling unexpectedly weary.
“Fuck you!” Dean called. With a grimace, he pushed himself into a standing position and began moving towards the wall, keeping himself upright with a hand on the table. He glanced at his forlorn crutches, eyeing the distance. It was only a few steps, so he walked carefully, feeling his kneecaps wobble as he did. Grabbing them, he made his way into the kitchen, where Castiel was frowning at the shopping list.
“Dean.” Castiel spoke through clenched teeth after a few minutes. “My Dean, I’m gonna-“ He rutted desperately a few more times.
Castiel opened his trench coat and pulled out a bottle of naproxen. He tried to keep them on hand at all times, should the hunter need them. “Take these, first. Shall I go check our stock of perishables?”
“Be careful with her.” Dean warned once more, before turning to walk into the store. Once he was inside, he eyed the carts with relief. They could probably fit everything in a basket, but the cart meant he could lean on something and transport the groceries at the same time. Backing it out of the entrance with a grimace (seriously, why did walking backwards hurt so much more than forwards?) He was just beginning to peruse the display of discounted Christmas cookies when Cas walked up beside him.
Happy with the water temperature, Castiel flipped the lever that allowed the shower to turn into a spray. All the bedrooms in the bunker were equipped with bath/shower combinations, but the bathtubs were far too small for Dean’s frame, leaving the hunter with a preference for showers even when in agony. “I’m going to lift you over the edge of the bathtub.” He stated. “I do not wish for you to slip.”
“Because that’s what it feels like!” Dean yelled, standing up, ignoring the way his vision swirled. “You weren’t here, and you lamenting it now doesn’t fucking change it!”
Dean shivered, pulling the coat tighter around the neck. “It’s fine, Cas. I’ll be okay once we’re topside again.”
Opening his eyes, Dean widened as he saw two figures, rather than just his brother who was in front of him. “Sam?” He whispered, going pale. “I’m hallucinating.”
Castiel shook his head, clearly not understanding all of Dean’s personality quirks. “I’ll be right back.” He said. “Do you need anything while I’m up?”
Once his little brother was out of sight, Dean admitted defeat. “Alright.” He sighed. “I need to lay down.” He shifted awkwardly, hoping Cas picked up on his request.
The fragility of the albatross perched atop a ship’s railing was so close to the fleeting lifespan of the man he loved that Castiel felt himself breaking.
With the tip of his angel blade, Castiel carefully removed the nipples from the Elwetritsch before carefully fileting the breasts. Setting them aside, he quickly butterflied the remaining carcass before pulling a handful of rosemary from his pocket and grinding it into a paste between two rocks. He sprinkled some on the seasoning and draped it on a stick that hung across the fire. Grabbing another two rocks, he flattened the breasts, filling them with some of the decimated rosemary, as well as some other kind of green, and then rolled them up before tying them shut with the rosemary stems. “I saw a woman do something akin to this in the 1720’s, just outside of the district of Provance in France.” He explained softly. “She used a chicken breast, rather than an Elwetritsch, but she remarked to her family that the rosemary helped to temper the bitterness of the dandelion greens.” He wiped his hands together carefully. “I do not wish to give you salmonella; I am going to cleanse my hands in the snow.”
Cas helped Dean get upright, an the two plodded softly into one of the bathrooms. Dean sat on the closed lid of the toilet, smiling as Cas drew up a bath. “You could have prayed.” Castiel said suddenly, eyes fixated on the tap.
“Up here?” Dean inquired. Still feeling surprisingly dizzy, he relented and leaned back onto his elbows.
had always been a matter left unspoken between them. It had happened throughout his childhood a few times as an intention, but mostly as a way to save money so Sammy could eat. By the time he was old enough to hustle pool, the starvation served as a distraction. After a hunt, Dad would treat them to a big meal, and sometimes Dean would purge after, either through vomiting or exercise, but it wasn’t ever regular enough for his weight to be impacted. It got bad after Sam left for Stanford, and the empty space in his stomach seemed to lessen the empty space in whatever shithole of a motel he found himself in.
“Until the Elwetritsch is done.” Dean finished, rolling his eyes a bit. “I’ll eat and then take the first lookout shift.”
“What are you doing?” Not-Sammy asked. When Dean sat in front of the toilet, facing it, not- Sam seemed upset. “Dean, no! Don’t do that, come back to bed. Everything is okay Dean. We’re real.”
Dean put a supporting hand against a tree. “It’s isn’t hunger.” He says. “This place isn’t meant for humans, it’s like it’s trying to light my joints on fire. I’ll get used to it.”
Dean knew the angel was asking about his recent weight loss.  “Don’t know.” He replied with a shrug. “Don’t care.” It’s not a lie, either. The scale sits untouched in the back of his closet; weight doesn’t matter, what grounds him is the gnawing feeling in his gut, the fuzziness in his head, the feeling like there’s still something in his life within his control. Something that God himself can’t take from him.
Benny cut him off. “It’s alright, brother. The sex we had… that was for taking solace in. No more, no less. You’ve found the one person who makes the world feel less shitty to you. Just do me a favor and don’t squander it.”
“If you didn’t look like day old shit, I’d smack you.” Bobby threatened. He crouched down carefully. “Alright, what’s keeping you grounded?” He asked, already scanning the boy’s body for anything obvious.
“It will remind me of you.” He responded. “So I’ll know, even on days that I don’t want to eat, that you want me to. Maybe it’ll be enough, someday.”
Suddenly, Sam is less afraid of the demon that killed his mother and much more afraid of the monster she passed down to Dean through faulty DNA.
Castiel shook his head. “Before that, Dean. When this-“ He gestured at Dean’s body, the newfound frailness it possessed, a cry for help written in the valley above his collarbone. “-Got bad. I would have come.”
Somehow, after leaving the strip club, Dean ends up kissing Castiel. They’re in an alleyway and Dean is getting desperate for air when the angel pulls away. “Let’s go somewhere a bit more private.” Cas says huskily, grasping Dean’s shoulders firmly.
“We’re going to find him, kill him,” Dean grinned, “And then you and I will buy a cabin where I’ll die in fifty years’ time of old age.”
Except Castiel didn’t feel like he was helping. He felt like poison, like perhaps had he not gotten involved with the Winchesters they’d be happily living the monster – a – week life, instead of standing here, next to a man who, like him, was haunted by what once was in purgatory. “I prayed in purgatory.”  He confessed, as he thought of another passage in the Rime of the Ancient Mariner.
“Figure what out?” Benny’s voice called from the darkness, before stepping into the light of the fire.
Dean stopped to think. The toast was in his stomach, feeling a bit like a ball, but he didn’t hate himself for it. He could probably eat half a slice and still retain the addicting sensation of emptiness. “Okay.” He agreed. “A few more bites.”
“But I have.” The angel insisted. “I look at you now, Dean, and I see the ghost of you. I’m afraid, so
“Eileen left.” Sam replied, staring into his cup of coffee as if he wanted to crawl inside it. “Said she didn’t know what was real anymore.”
Dean’s hands ceased their motion. “I left you.” He said. “I left you as much as you left me. I saw your hesitation, and yet I didn’t make you go first.”
Castiel tugged at Dean’s jaw, capturing his lips softy. “I would use the very last drop of my grace on you and never once consider it a waste.” He murmured as he pulled back. “But I will not do anything against your wishes, so long as you do nothing against mine.”
Cas tossed his shirt aside before stepping out of his slacks. “Oh, will you?” He asked, waggling his belt tauntingly.  Then he sat on the edge of the bed, tossing the soft machine-knit blanket atop them both. Dean scooted closer, and Castiel pressed the sides of their heads together. “Would you like me to put you to sleep?”
“Well, would you look at the time!” He chirped and made his way to the library. Truth be told, he’d lost a substantial amount of weight since his and Cas’s falling out. Hell, he couldn’t remember the last time he ate something solid, subsisting mostly on a disgusting salt/sugar mixture he put in his water and some coffee. It kept him able to hunt, but Dean knew he had to be bordering on underweight once again. His hands shook all the time now, fingertips blanched with hypotension, and he found himself wearing pairs of jeans he hadn’t dug out since the last time his eating disorder was truly bad. He wasn’t truly in the danger zone yet, but the gauntness he’d acquired went far beyond what was normal, even for him.
Castiel had oft wondered what inspired Coleridge to write of an albatross as if it was a beauty beyond compare. But as he stared at Dean and looked past the figure and into that bright spot in his soul, Cas understood. He’d seen galaxies created, and galaxies destroyed. He’d witnessed the birth and death of entire species with mild interest and explored the great barrier reef as it was formed. He’d gazed at archangels in their true form and sang when Christ was born. Now, though, looking at Dean, those experiences paled in comparison to the beauty before him.
“Well, it doesn’t have mammary glands as it’s young hatch from eggs, but the Elwetritsch does have nipples and pronounced breast tissue.” Castiel explained. “I can remove them if they bother you, but they contain a significant portion of it’s nutritional value. While difficult to catch, they have been a savored delicacy throughout much of history in southwest Germany.”
Bobby snorted, pulling Dean’s shoulders carefully forward so he can put the ice behind his spine. “I’m thinking we skip the naproxen and go straight for the Vicodin.” He suggested. “I got some flexeril kicking around my bag somewhere, too.”
He ate slowly, blowing eat spoonful down to the ideal temperature before swallowing. After a few mouthfuls, he spoke. “This would be a hell of a lot less awkward if I wasn’t the only one eating.”
He’s somewhere outside Bemidji and the winds are howling like the werewolf his Dad ditched him to fight when Dean realized if he wants money to sleep in the motel or eat something not off the dollar menu, he’s going to have to hustle pool. He gazed out to the snow, and with a sigh, pushed himself off the bed, determined to make it to the shower.
Castiel exhaled, more out of habit than of any excess air. “Is this what love is?” He asked. “To look at another and wish more than anything, that you could bear their burdens for them?”
“Because I love you, you fucking asshole!” Dean shouted. “Because maybe I assumed you had eyes each time you’ve come back from the dead. Or do you not remember when you came back from purgatory, huh? Because I know I sure as hell do!”
, getting zero results before starting the process over again, and the boredom and hopelessness was hitting full force. He was on edge, an itch behind his eyes and a shake of his hands he couldn’t blame on low blood sugar for once. “I’m gonna see if Cas has found anything.” He told his brother.
The second thing he feels, as he vomits what little beer that was in his stomach, is utterly, terrifyingly alone.
lucky happen, but also because being undead tends to come with a lot of equally unpleasant side effects like an insatiable urge for human blood. It’s a nice thought, nonetheless.
The eldest son exhaled shakily. Of course, Bobby was able to tell something was off. “You don’t happen to have any favors to cash in near Bemidji or Fargo, do you?”
Sam closed the book on Skinwalkers he’d been reading. “I’ll go put another pot of coffee on.” He said. “You want a refill, Cas?” He asked, nodding to the empty camp mug next to the angel.
“Knock it off, both of you.” Benny snapped. “Look, I don’t know what an eating disorder is or what it has to do with teenage girls, but you two fighting ain’t productive.”
Dean surveyed his body. Three out of four were keeping him propped up, with one beneath his knees. “I’m good.”
know that. I know you’re not going to magically start eating hamburgers three times a day just because I’m here. We need to work together- all three of us- to figure out how we can get you some substance throughout the day, though. There’s a lot going on, and I doubt you want to be incapacitated by starvation when we figure out a way to kill my father.”
borrow his. Before he can find the familiar leather toiletry bag Dean stole from a goodwill in Tucson, Arizona in 1996, his fingers close around a firm cylindrical object. Curiously, he pulls it out, hoping he hasn’t just found his brother’s secret sex toy.
Everything blurs together after that, as they rush into sex, clinging to the animalistic sensation as one clutches a rock to avoid drowning. It’s Castiel’s last night on earth, and he’s not going to waste what little time he has left with foreplay. Afterwards, Castiel teleports them back to the ramshackle house that’s acting as a temporary home for them. There’s a litany of bruises on Dean’s hips from where Castiel held him, and Dean rubs them idly. It’s a dull pain, a different sort of ache from the agony that grips his joints on a daily basis, and he relishes in the break of monotony they bring. Suddenly, his hands are covered by another’s.
He kept pushing Dean plates of food, and keeping him distracted after meals, always prepared with some meaningless task or creature to research. But he didn’t bring it up even as Dean was leaving a week later, and simply hugged him a little longer. “You’re always welcome here.” Bobby told him. “For any reason.”
He made it there, but he’s exhausted. There’s no plug for the bathtub, but he sat down anyway, turning the water on as hot as it can go. Once his skin is wrinkled and the water is threatening to go cold, Dean hauled himself to his feet and carefully swipes his hair back before sitting on the closed toilet to dress himself in a clean T-shirt and the tightest pair of jeans he owns. Tossing on his Dad’s old leather jacket, he braced himself for the jolt of cold to come when he opens the door.
“I dreamt of you dying.” Castiel stated. “Sometimes it was violent deaths, the kind where your body seemed obscured by the sheer volume of blood surrounding it. Sometimes it was of something happening to Sam, followed by you kneeling at the crossroads. But you know what the worst ones were?” His voice wavered slightly, but he pushed on. “The worst ones were of you starving, of digging your grave while I idly watched, unable to help. Of your corpse upon a marble slab, gaunter than I’d ever seen you, even in Purgatory. I dreamt that I begged you to eat and you wouldn’t. I dreamt that you left my alive with the knowledge that I failed you.”
“Hey!” Dean protested, as if they hadn’t had this argument countless times. “Don’t insult her, she’s a veteran!” He stroked the army surplus blanket lovingly.
Later, Dean talks of the angel he met skeptically. For Sam, this is just the piece of hope he needed. Later that night, Dean dreams of hell and wakes up thrashing and screaming. As Sam reduces his brother’s dislocated should with nary a comment, he understands Deans hesitation to trust Castiel.
To an outsider, he looked the picture of health, so long as you believed Dean when he said a fall was because of a stray rock and not because of an abused hip buckling beneath him. Once the balloon of adrenaline popped, though, it was clear Dean could not have managed even the simplest of task without an aid.
Castiel didn’t laugh, his lips pressed into a thin line. “You should rest.” He encouraged. “Let me grab a book, you brush your teeth.”
Dean was warm when he woke up. He smiled a bit, as it meant he had woken up before Sammy, his fingers grasped the motel blanket, his body sinking deeper into the mattress that smelled of pine and--
Dean laughed, and with Castiel back at his side, Sam sighed with relief. Team Free Will was back, and together they could get Dean through this.
Castiel thought about telling Dean that the incandescent lighting in the bunker seemed to mock him, with its sterile white reminding him of heaven, but it seemed like an undue burden for the hunter to bear, so he went instead for a half truth. “I’m reading the Rime of the Ancient Mariner.”
“Just shut the fuck up.” Dean snapped. “Both of you. I’m not some problem you can just fix whenever.”
Dean turned his head to face the angle, tugging gently on Cas’ beard. “You should try it sometime.” He chastised softly.
Same snorted. “Don’t worry, mom.” He teased. “I had poached eggs and a smoothie while you and Cas were doing god knows what in the shower.”
“Come for me.” Dean pleaded. “You look so pretty, baby.” He clenched his thighs together again. “I love you.”
Dean tightened his back muscles, feeling the stab of sharp pain in his spine and trying to convince himself it’s grounding, somehow. All it accomplished was a pained gasp to slip out. Knowing his chance to bolt was gone, Dean tried to conjure something resembling a joke. “Do you think I’m pretty enough to be the new face of LifeAlert?” He asked cheekily.
The vampire held a small jackalope up by the neck. “Mind if I borrow your knife to clean it?” He asked Dean. When the hunter began to protest, he cut him off. “You’ve got to be pretty weak, brother. Just let wings and I take care of you for a bit.”
Castiel was surprised when Dean was awake less than three hours after he’d laid down. The last hunt had been brutal- not emotionally, as it was a pretty typical vamp hunt, but the final stragglers of the nest had taken off into the icy woods of Montana when threatened, leaving all three of them bolting through subzero temperatures for nigh on an hour.
“Eating?” Dean replied. “None. Drinking, maybe a couple hundred? Replaced the beer with whiskey, some homemade Gatorade when I got dizzy, couple of creams in my coffee before a hunt.”
“You had a concussion.” Castiel scolded. “Next time I ask if you’re hurt, answer truthfully. I don’t want you to suffer needlessly.”
“Cut the shit, Cas.” Dean barked. “You know exactly what I’m talking about. Is this hunting, being around Sam and I 24/7 life simply your way of trying to lessen my grief before you off yourself?” His voice cracked. “I won’t lose you Cas. I can’t lose you.”
was too plain a word. Nice was flowers on an anniversary, or breakfast in bed. Nice was far too simple a word for what he and Cas were to each other during purgatory.
“What is this, foreplay?” Dean replied, taking a sip of the offered soda while Bobby gathered the pills.
Bobby eyed the offending patch and opened a vial of salt from his pocket, pouring it carefully onto the asphalt. “How you wanna go about this?” He quired. “I figure you’re scrawny enough I can still lift you.”
The phone rings before going to voicemail, so Dean hangs up and tries again. And again. And again, then a fifth, sixth, and seventh time before finally leaving a message on the eighth.
“Yes Dean, I’m real.” Castiel soothed. “Sam and I are both real, and both here. You’re not in purgatory, or hell, or having a hallucination.”
The next morning, Dean brushed off the offer of pancakes a little too quickly and found himself on the receiving end of a patented Singer stare, but the older man let it slide. It wasn’t until the two were headed into town to pick up some salt that Bobby spoke. He’d claimed that Dean should drive and clear his head, and he knew exactly what the marks on the back of Dean’s fingers meant.
His entire body is vibrating as he looked at his hands apathetically. “Yeah, no hypothermia my ass.” Bobby scoffed, pressing a Styrofoam cup into his hands. “Drink this. We’ve got to get you warm and hydrated. The sugar will help if you’re hypoglycemic.”
“Hello Sam.” The angel greeted, turning around to face the younger Winchester as if he wasn’t just casually sauntering around naked.
“We’re high enough up that very few things will bother us here.” Benny insisted. “This is as safe as we can get in this place, brother. Let’s enjoy it for a day or two and let us all get our strengths up.”
Castiel felt himself continually sob, and Dean held him the entire time. After a few moments, Castiel regained his composure. “Apologies.” He muttered. “I did not mean to get you wet.”
“Don’t teleport me anywhere.”  Dean instructed. “I swear man, whatever you do, don’t waste your mojo on me.”
Figuring it wasn’t so much an invitation as an order, Dean nodded. “I’ll meet you in there.” He knew it would be difficult to get up, and the least he could do for dignity’s sake was spare Castiel that.
“I’m thinking if we get your muscles loosened that bastard will slip right back in.” Bobby retorted, ignoring the boy’s attempt at humor.
“You’re here.” Dean soothed, rubbing the angel’s back. “I’m right here. You didn’t leave me anywhere.”
Dean obeyed, and when he rose it was to Bobby wordlessly passing him a mug of coffee and a folding black cane.
Castiel paused in the doorway, a beer in one hand and an amber-colored blanket draped over his shoulder. He put the beer on the table next to Dean and pressed a kiss to his hair. “You look far more comfortable now.” He murmured, before toeing his shoes off and removing his trench coat.
“I will do no such thing.” Dean replied with a gleam in his eye. He was still flaccid, and in so much pain he knew it was going to stay that way, but he could still have some fun. “I’m too much of an opportunist.”
Dean shot up ramrod straight, grabbing desperately for whatever weapon he could get his hands on first.  The events of the past year flooded him, and he quickly remembered he was in purgatory, where he shouldn’t feel warm, and where he certainly shouldn’t feel safe.
Bobby looked concerned. “The night manager went to get me some uncooked rice.” He said simply. “Got any clean socks?”
Castiel’s voice was stern. “That is an understatement, Dean. How can you be so foolish? To resort back to this in a place where you’re one wrong move away from being beheaded at all times?”
Standing, Dean arched an eyebrow as Cas made his way to the door, still unclad. “As much as I like your ass.” He stated. “I think you might give Sam an unwanted eyeful if you waltz into the library in your birthday suit.”
Bobby looked skeptical. “I’ll be back soon.” He said. “I want to see that cocoa gone by the time I’m back.”
“Sit down, Cas, you look tired.” Dean expressed, watching how the shadows pooled on his companion’s face. When the angel sat rather than argue, the hunter felt a chill of worry run down his spine. “Shit.” He realized. “You are tired, aren’t you?”
“Yes.” Cas replied. “I gave him some hydrocodone about six hours ago, so I estimate he’ll sleep for at least another two hours.”
“Well, aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?” Bobby commented sarcastically, before going to get the first aid kit.
Cas frowned, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Most people see their worst fear only in nightmares.” He responded bluntly. “You sat down at this table today and faced yours before even finishing your coffee. If that’s not something to be proud of, I don’t know what is.”
Cas smiled. “I’ll go grab a washcloth.” He stood, slowly making his way to the sink in the corner of Dean’s room, grabbing a washcloth from the basket beneath it. Wetting it, he returned and cleaned them both up before tossing it back in the sink. “Any chance of me getting substance into you?”
With the list sorted, they made their way to the garage, and Dean slid into Baby’s driver seat with a smile. Fuck, if she wasn’t a surefire way to make the world feel okay. It was cold as shit, and Castiel had fussed over Dean until he’d put on a leather jacket and was currently trying to convince him to wear a hat.
Castiel paced around the fire. “Clearly not, because your body should be eating it’s internal organs by now. You obviously haven’t been eating properly since you arrived here.”
“Thanks.” Dean grunted as the angel handed him his crutches. Once inside, Cas took one so Dean could use the handrail, and trailed closely behind him in case he fell.
“Dean?” Bobby asked, caught off-guard. He hasn’t been called Uncle by Dean for close to a decade. “What’s going on?”
a shave, he decides. Dean is out hustling pool, trying to scrounge up enough money to keep them in motel rooms and out of the impala; they’re both too old and too tall to comfortably sleep while parked at a rest stop anymore. His apartment had burned down with his razor still in it, so he digs through Dean’s duffle bag to
Castiel reached behind Dean and got the rosemary-scented body wash off the shower caddy. He’d primarily purchased it due to the bees decorating the bottle, but he had to admit it smelled quite nice. “What are you doing?” He questioned as Dean used copious amounts of shower gel between his thighs.
Dean bathed for an hour before he managed to scarf down a protein shake. They researched together into the night, and the next morning awoke to Castiel in coveralls. “What are you doing?” He asked.
“I called Garth and let him know we took out that nest, by the way.” Sam offered as conversation. “They were so obvious with the murders I figured other hunters were probably working the case, so I figured he could call off the hounds.”
Dean almost laughed at that, his head falling forward. “Cas, I just needed to be fed like a baby bird to make it through breakfast.”
Bobby shows up seven hours later and does a double take when he sees Dean sitting nonchalantly outside his motel room. The only light is from a busted-out streetlight across the parking lot, and Bobby set down his first aid kit with a thump. “You goddam Winchesters.” He scolded. “When you said you were
“Please, Dean.” Sam urged. “What brought this on? You weren’t doing great when you first got out, but you seemed okay at least. And okay is a hell of a lot better than whatever you are now.”
“Of course, I hadn’t forgotten.” Castiel replied. “Do you think I could, Dean? Do you think I’ll ever grow accustomed to watch you slowly kill yourself? Because I surely don’t.” He closed his eyes.  “Do you know what I dreamt of when I was human?”
As his eyes readjusted, Dean realized he was in a cave, where a fire could burn without attracting any monsters. He was on a pile of pine branches, with both Cas’ and Benny’s coats draped over him. “How long was I out?” he questioned blearily.
“Mornin’.” He greeted, stepping into the kitchen, only to be greeted by his little brother looking like he’d been strung through a washboard. The sadness in the air was palpable, and Dean shot a panicked look to Cas, striding over to Sam to lay a hand on his shoulder. “What happened?”
Too tired to argue, and amongst the sweet undernotes of the scent that stuck to the angel despite the blood coating Castiel’s scrubs, Dean found himself drifting asleep. As he existed in the space between consciousness and slumber, he felt, for the first time in a while, that things might be okay.
Pulling away slowly, Dean felt Castiel’s breath brush against his face softly, before a twig snapping broke the silence. Castiel shot up instantaneously, and Dean was in awe of the former solider of heaven as the angel blade was pulled out of the short sleeves of his scrubs. “Stay down!” Castiel commanded Dean, just as the creature emerged from the dense underbrush. It was dog like, but thin and fanged. It extended scales on its back, and as it rose onto two legs, so did Dean. Dizzy from hunger and blood loss, the edges of his vision were black and as he strode forward to step in front of Castiel and the tunnels of sight collapsed into complete darkness as he fell, boneless into a heap.
“He won’t be able to keep up if he’s starving, Cas.” Dean replied. “Sure, he can survive, but there’s no way he’s making it to the gate if he doesn’t feed.” He felt himself pale a bit, and he slumped against the rock behind him. He tried to gently push the vampire away, but the only response he got was a small growl, signifying Benny hadn’t yet had his fill.
“I guess?” Dean replied, taking another spoonful. He could smell the sugar and cinnamon Cas topped his toast with, and his stomach growled again. Fuck, he was just so hungry.
“You know, on second thought, I really feel like shit.” Dean joked but accepts to book thrown gently at him. His Latin wasn’t bad, but translating was still tedious, and with the painkillers he found himself dozing lightly.
Castiel sighed before resting his head in his hands. “This place… it weakens my grace by the day.” He admitted. “Fatigue is simply something I must become used to, I suppose.”
Dean sighed. “I suppose you’re right.” He began undressing slowly, his eyes on Castiel. There wasn’t lust in them though, just a light Cas hadn’t seen in some time: Dean was determined. “I’m adding something to our to do list.”
“Well,” Castiel teased, “I agreed to a cabin, but you never said I couldn’t paint the living room neon green.”
Dean nodded, internally delighted. His body was over trying to work today, and he desperately needed a nap. It was exhausting having to consciously think of each movement on a micro-scale, with each step requiring the coordination of four limbs, a conscious effort to not hyperextend a knee, the careful act of taking short strides as to not dislocate a hip-
“I’m fine, Sammy.” Dean murmured. He reached a hand shakily to the mug of tea Sam had brought with him, sitting next to various untouched food items. Grabbing it with both hands, he burnt his tongue on the first sip, but there was a sickly-sweet undertone to the grassiness of the matcha. It tasted nothing like the metallic, herb-tinged tea Castiel made for him countless time in Purgatory. Frowning, he looked suspiciously into the depths of the mug. “Did you put sugar in this?” He questioned, setting it back down.
“I’m okay, Cas.” He reassured. “Purgatory isn’t meant for me. I don’t think I can die a human death here.”
residing on Cas’s half of the bed. Stepping out from the meager warmth beneath the covers, he slid on his robe quickly, not wanting to lose any heat. Maybe he’d throw an extra blanket on his bed tonight. He’d been viewing the chill as an easy way to burn calories, but it couldn’t have been fun for Cas to cuddle an icicle.
Pursing his lips, Castiel continued plucking feathers, albeit now with more force than was strictly necessary. “I apologize for upsetting you Dean.” Castiel spoke, his voice flat. “But I have seen what havoc willful starvation and purposeful vomiting can inflict on a human. I watched over Saint Wilgefortis of Portugal during her final years and witnessed the death of Catherine of Sienna. I will not apologize for fretting over your health. We must figure out a way to release you from purgatory and get you back to Sam. A place such as this was never meant to hold something as sacred as a soul.”
“Vampires all began as humans.” Cas explained. “As such, they have a very human feeding pattern. While they cannot die of starvation, even a few days without blood will leave them ravenous. You, however, can die of starvation, especially with the number of calories you’ve been burning daily. I need to see exactly how emaciated you are, and I cannot effectively do that with your clothes on.” Yanking the final layer of shirts up to the hunter’s chest, he gave a dissatisfied growl. “Dammit Dean.”
Inhaling sharply, Dean opened his eyes to see the hunter covering him with yet another blanket. “How’d you get here so fast?”
Castiel stalled. What did he feel like reading? What would occupy his mind right now, but more importantly, occupy his soul, and feel something so fervent in nature it was akin to the emotions he saw displayed on humans? He sat up, as if he were somehow better able to collect the thoughts in his head when upright. Dean’s head was resting against his thigh now, soft puffs of air warming him in time with Dean’s breathing. Dean’s eyes were soft with exhaustion, his joints ablaze with fire agony so prevalent Cas didn’t even have to examine his lover’s aura: it was a dark scratch across his very soul. He gazed at the dark spot for a moment and knew what he wanted to read. What he wanted to try and understand now, not objectively as one learns of the position of the planets in the galaxy, but rather subjectively as one learns about heartbreak.
Cas pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s forehead. “How many calories a day have you been eating, then? I know you were just above 160 when…” He trails off.
“Give him your coat.” Benny suggested. “He gets cold real easy afterwards.” The vampire stalked off into the brush, searching for something marginally edible, and Castiel wrapped his trench coat around Dean’s shoulders carefully.
After exiting purgatory for a second time, Dean felt the dynamic between him and Cas shift. They’re back on speaking terms, and Dean was frantic to get clean and get to the inevitable make-up sex. With the leviathan blossom gathered and Cas and him safely in the bunker, Dean excused himself for a shower. After he was done, he didn’t bother to dress, merely slapping his robe and slippers before plodding to the kitchen for a mug of black coffee. Sam was at the kitchen table, laptop open and drinking something thick and green, which Dean scrunched his nose at.
“So,” he tells his brother. “this is how we’re going to keep you as healthy as possible. I don’t want you just to survive when I’m gone. I want you to live.”
Castiel hummed noncommittally, and Sam watched with bated breath as the angel brought the food over to his brother. The two sat close, and Sam watched as the angel cut up Dean’s food, rearranging it carefully. Taking note, Sam figured that was so Dean couldn’t gage how much he’d eaten, taking a bit of the pressure off. “Sam, may I ask you a question?”
The second Sam sees the damage the broken mirror did to his brother, the gouges painting him red, he knows better.
Dean pulls himself out of the chair with the help of the walker and prays as he dabs a cool cloth across Sam’s forehead.
Sam stared purposely at Cas’ eyes. “I, uh.” He raised the bag in his hand carefully. “Food. I got food.”
Castiel inhaled sharply as Dean shifted, an act of sheer indulgence rather than any necessity. “You are so beautiful.”  He sighed. “I will never tire of seeing your soul dance with joy.” His hands drifted down Dean’s arms to settle on the hunter’s hips, squeezing gently, worried too firm a grasp would hurt the sharp points of Dean’s pelvis. Cas pushed himself up against the headboard, allowing for them both to be upright, and kissed Dean softly, unable to resist the urge to buck his hips upwards in glee.
Bathing hadn’t been on Dean’s priority list since he was on earth. He knew he’d lost weight, having had to punch a few holes in his belt, but he hadn’t looked at his body in months, always yearning for protection against the cold. “Shit.” He murmured, looking down at his protruding ribcage.
“Nerd.” Dean teased playfully, sitting down across the kitchen table with a grimace he tried to conceal.
“What are you seeing?” Castiel commanded, sitting down on the bed. The mattress sunk, as if there actually was another body next to him.
Cas shucked off the robe (he never was one for modesty; the human form was a marvel of his father’s engineering, why cover it in a cotton polyester blend?) and settled beneath the covers next to a now minty-breathed Dean. “Do you want me to leave the light on?” The hunter asked. Cas didn’t require light to read due to the angelic perk of excellent night vision, but sometimes he’d turn the lamp on low for atmosphere.
Castiel shook his head. “You are not porcelain, Dean, not something that shatters. You are the coal deep beneath the earth, turning to diamond. You are the seed which fractures to birth a plant. You are, and always have been, the most beautiful thing I’ve laid eyes on. I know you can’t belive that right now, but please, know that it is my truth.”
Dean scrunched his nose. “Ew, no.” He had vague memories of Castiel chattering away about the beauty of arsenic green wallpaper.
“I’ll be okay, Cas.” Dean reassured. “Put if roleplaying Florence Nightingale helps you, I will happily submit to you. I love you.” He replied, a cheeky grin crossing his face.
Castiel nodded and let himself be flipped over, Dean carefully beginning to lower himself onto Cas’s cock. The angel gripped Dean’s upper arms fervently, helping the hunter ease down tantalizingly slow. “Careful.” He warned. “If you can’t walk tomorrow Sam will be insufferable.”
Not one for orders, Dean waits less than a minute before crossing through the bunker door. He’d called Cas to help him, not replace him. Bracing himself against the handrail, he places his left foot on the first step down before slowly easing his weight down onto the leg. He grits his teeth as shooting pain attacks his hips, while he feels the bones of his knee grind together. Picking up the right foot carefully, he puts it beside his other.
Castiel turns to examine the doorway, frowning when he realizes it’s too wide to accommodate a wheelchair.  “I’ll be right back.” He says, returning almost immediately with a bucket of ice water, towels, acetaminophen, and a wheeled walker. He set the items in the basket of the rollator before putting the padded seat down overtop it. “Call me should you need my assistance.”
Dean smiled at the pet name. Castiel remarked that it was one of the only terms of endearment in the language, and that while it literally translated into
Castiel brought the cup from Dean’s desk to the sink to fill it. “Drink some water, then. It’s been a long day. Does your head hurt from being knocked out earlier?”
“Hey Dad, it’s me.” He greeted, willing his voice to remain stable. “Give me a call back when you can. Could use a hand if you’ve got time.”
Bobby sighed, and Dean could practically hear the hunter pinching the bridge of his nose. “Are you calling me because you’ve fallen and can’t get up?” He asked slowly, trying to hide how incredulous he sounds.
“I mean it, Cas.” Dean insisted. “I will do whatever might help you, whether it’s going for a drive, or fishing, or just staying up to listen to you quote Coleridge.”
The careful way Bobby had rounded the corners of all the furniture of Sam and Dean’s room when they were young was more than enough for Sam to know Bobby was being rhetorical. “It’s getting worse.” Sam replies.
“He is thin, and his body has started to consume its own muscles.” Castiel stated. “He is too ill to care about himself, however.”
Castiel smiled tersely. “Why don’t you go get him some scrambled eggs and toast. I’ll watch over him.”
“Breathe, Dean.” Not-Cas insisted. “You are hyperventilating. Your brain is receiving too much oxygen right now. You need to take a deep breath.”
Dean nodded, but as Cas went to put two fingers to his forehead, the hunter protested. “No, not like that.” He chastised, batting the hand away. “I want you to read to me.”
“We should have done this ages ago.” Castiel agreed as he shifted, trying to not let Dean feel his hardening cock against his thigh. The hunter was in no fit state to fuck, and Cas tried to will his vessel into submission.
Dean relaxed against the angel’s chest, feeling a wave of comfort and warmth flow over him as Cas enveloped him in his wings. “You are the best.” He smiled. The cold had hurt like a son of a bitch- seriously, why hadn’t he had the sense to don long underwear?
“I ain’t dead yet.” Dean reassured. “But Cas, you have to realize that’s a part of the appeal, right? The idea of dying a monster-less death… That’s appealing.”
Cas knows better than to argue with either brother when it comes to matters of the heart, so he silently guides Dean to the chair in Sam’s room. “I fear I need to return to Meg.” He apologizes. “Would you like your cane or crutches?”
The deep voice sent shivers down his spine, and he swore he could hear two sets of footsteps walking towards him. “Hey, c’mon Dean.” Sam’s voice said this time, instead of Castiel’s.
“Nice to see you too.” Dean drawled sarcastically. In truth, Bobby has a point, but he was pretty sure he wasn’t hypothermic, so he didn’t see the point of freaking out.
Dean chuckled, and his voice was low with arousal. “Ain’t that the truth.” After a few gasping breaths, he’d sunk down completely, moaning with pleasure as he bottomed out.
, just left in a motel room with the impala and the empty promise of a weekly phone call. The room’s been paid for two days in advance, and Dean half-slumbers through most of it, in too much pain to truly sleep, but too drowsy to do much else. The TV’s been on the same station for 36 hours straight before he gets up to peer through his wallet and see if he can afford another night in this shithole.
The coffee stopped making its obnoxious noises at that moment. Carefully, Castiel poured their drinks and added a splash of creamer to Dean’s and an embarrassing amount of sugar to his own. He’d never much cared for the taste of coffee but he preferred the effects of it to other caffeinated beverages.
It was clear the pedestrians outside didn’t see anything but Castiel felt it in his gut that they all knew. This had Captain Speed written all over it.
Dean moved forward, and enveloped Castiel in his arms. The other man rocked him while Castiel cried sloppily, tears soaking into Dean’s tunic. “They’re all gone. There’s nothing left for me. I couldn’t save them, couldn’t stop it, I couldn’t…”
All Dean could do was to wrap up a burger and some onion rings, and hope that they survive the night ‘til Castiel’s lunch.
“I know I haven’t known you both for long,” Dean said, “but I can tell that he’s the happiest kid in the world. You’re a really great dad.”
“I like your world,” Abaddon said. She stepped forward behind Dean, and Dean remained steady. Her breath tickled Dean’s ear. “All its lush greenery, its nice people - it’s all so backwater, very underdeveloped. So we’ll take it all down, raze forests and farmland, put up cities, get workers to really toil and push themselves. It will be glorious.”
Jack wriggled and squirmed in Castiel’s arms until the Super released him. With one hand wrapped around a toy dump truck and the other on the floor, the baby awkwardly shuffled on three limbs across the floor towards Dean, offering the truck.
Out of the corner of his eye he could see Castiel looking at him but Dean didn’t look back. Instead he looked at the images on the screen showing the police barricade of the street, the crisis negotiators, and the helicopters circling the building.
He knew it wasn’t Dean’s fault that Jody led him here but it didn’t diminish the fact that Castiel’s privacy was violated. He wanted to have more than just a few strong words with Jody about her poor judgement but there was nothing he could do about the fact that Captain Speed was lying on his couch downstairs in need of a place to stay as he recuperated.
When he finally woke, the house was still quiet, even the news had been shut off. Dean took a minute to let his brain fully look up before he turned to the sound of pages being turned. He spotted Cas sitting by the front window in his chair, reading from a deep green hardcover book, wire framed reading glasses perched on his nose.
He couldn’t imagine what they were promising these people they were drugging up. It worried him more than he could afford but from the rapid speaking in his ear piece, he knew Charlie and Gabriel had heard what Abaddon had said and would be doing all they could to let the authorities know. Dean had left the Mundanes alive. Maybe they’d be able to question them and figure out who
“This isn’t insurmountable. Not if you have an outsider to look at it from a bird eye’s view, so to speak."
If Dean was being honest, he didn't hold out much hope. Not even for finding this Im'nuel, and certainly not for finding...well. He'd been disappointed so many times, and every time it got harder to chase the next lead. What would he even say to him, if Dean found him? With how they left things, would he even talk to Dean? Would he even recognize him?
“Where are we?” Castiel asked as they approached a large empty lot in the middle of nowhere. It seemed like it had once been a construction sight but had been cleared out and now was a level dirt field with a few random concrete structures left behind.
“If Abaddon is working for Crowley, he might have her and some of the other Supers who have gone dark trying to eliminate us. Either to keep us from stopping them or to make room for their own people to take our places.”
“He works in law. I don’t pretend to understand what exactly he does but he usually takes on the cases of the baddies I can catch.”
“Cas…” Dean reached for him, but Castiel shook his head. Dean drew his hand back. “Why didn’t you contact me? Larka? We would have come for you. I would have come for you.”
“He did until we realized I could throw him across the room,” Castiel replied. Gabriel was by nature a terror but he’d always been Castiel’s favorite person. The day Castiel’s powers manifested unexpectedly as Gabriel had held him down and tickled him until he cried was a day Castiel would never forget. “I thought I killed him. He just laid there like a lump, purposefully not moving as I cried and screamed for him to wake up. He probably waited two whole minutes before he busted up laughing, telling me I should’ve seen my look of horror. I don’t know if I’d ever been so scared before.”
“‘M sorry. Didn’t mean’ta fall asleep,” he mumbled, still feeling exhausted. His barely opened eyes caught that it had been a little over an hour since he’d fallen asleep.
The room was quiet and the air cool, but the chair was uncomfortable. Dean shifted in his seat, and put his head in his hands. It was going to be a long night.
He knew Castiel was right but he didn’t have to agree.Those people needed him there. “It’s better than doing nothing.”
“Nuh, uh, uh,” he heard Castiel quickly declare. Dean jerked his head up in time to see the bottle of syrup tip off the edge of the counter towards a pair of outstretched tiny fingers but before Jack could successfully swipe the bottle, Castiel had used his powers to bring the bottle back into the air and onto the counter and far out of Jack’s reach.
A man in an undertunic cooked at his stove, and spoke. “All you have in the fridge are eggs, cheese, and tubers. You have more alcohol in your fridge than food.”
He didn’t care to share any last words with her. Didn’t care to even watch take her last breath. All he cared about was getting to Castiel and making sure he hadn’t lost him for good.
He exhaled, and closed his eyes. He slowly siphoned the pain away, and scanned the rest of his body, and pulled a dark thread of budding damage from his kidneys, liver, and brain and shunted it into the Force. The aches in his body diminished, and now he was ready to begin another day - night? - of binging his vices.
Castiel knew at that moment, despite how angry he was with Dean, the other man’s fears were his own. He needed to do anything he could to protect this small little family they had built. No matter what it took.
He approached his two favorite people, considering asking if Dean wanted to take Jack to the park soon. It was a beautiful day out and Castiel knew there were probably a bunch of dogs at the park for Jack to say hello to and probably some kind owners who would even let Jack pet a few.
Jack was back in the playpen in the kitchen with a few blocks and trucks. Dean wasn’t sure if the tiny baby prison was necessary but he wasn’t exactly going to question Castiel’s parenting. He sure as hell knew nothing about babies seeing as the last time Dean even held was one when some random stranger shoved one in his arms during an interview with a reporter. No one in his life had kids. He liked them and all, he just didn’t know what to do with them.
Dean had chosen to go the government route. It didn’t bar him from signing short contracts with other companies with missions his team wanted him to promote, but it provided him with safety and security and a kick ass legal team.
It was clear the Super was still uncertain but there was nothing that either of them could do, at least until Dean healed enough to run. They were going to have to make this work somehow.
Sam reached to shake Cas’s hand and Charlie pulled the Super into a hug before glaring at both Dean and Cas and saying, “Great, now sit your asses down and let’s talk business.”
“Dee!” Jack squealed, pretending to be offended. In a few steps Dean swooped Jack up and tossed him in the air.
Besides, his brother had a plan and Castiel knew firsthand that his brother’s plans often kept Castiel out of the enemy’s line of fire.
“Everyone on this planet is a damn comedian,” Gabriel muttered under his breath. He sat on one of the couches in the room. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off the damn moustache. “So, brief me?”
Cas’s lungs were on fire as the smoke tried to force its way down his throat. He knew it wouldn’t be long until he fell unconscious.
Charlie had apparently synced herself with Castiel’s earpiece, since she and Gabriel were currently bickering in his ear about how best to proceed. There didn’t seem to be an urgency yet to call on some other Supers from surrounding cities but just as Castiel had been planning, the two knew they had to get Abaddon far away from the neighborhood.
She was ruthless. She didn’t care who crossed her path. She felt no remorse. She was a danger to society and she needed to be destroyed.
Dean felt something nudge him, and turned to see Gabriel pressing his lips together. There was something very dangerous and very
That was true. Dean being there was dangerous, even if he wasn’t leaving the house and so few people knew he was there. Yet Castiel couldn’t explain his desire to just pretend that Dean leaving wasn’t prudent.
The fight had been straightforward for a while, since The Leviathan was not as strong as Castiel and far less strategic in his moves, but it wasn’t long until Castiel realized that the enemy he was fighting had only been a distraction for an even bigger threat to their city.
So Dean had a bit of a man-crush. So what? He thought The Seraph was cool as hell but never once had Dean pictured him as a father.
Before he knew it Dean was flat on his back again with Cas between his legs as they kissed each other like their lives depended on it. It had been fun to play around as Captain Speed and The Seraph for a little bit but Dean knew that what both of them were craving at that moment was to just be Dean and Cas.
Some small part of Castiel was willing to admit that he’d grown mildly attached to having the other Super around, but it one-hundred percent had everything to do with enjoying having the company of someone who wasn’t a year old. Conversing with cops on the job, ones who either took their jobs too seriously or not seriously enough, was not the same as getting to talk to Dean about the trials and tribulations of having inconceivable powers.
He was flattered hearing that Dean believed it rare for Castiel to be outmatched. It was only recently, when he’d made plans to have a child, that Castiel knew he couldn’t let himself be injured if he wanted any chance of being a father. Prior to that decision, he’d made a few mistakes, worked with people far less professional than he, and had been caught in too many close calls for his liking.
“I could, couldn’t I?” Cas replied with amusement and Dean wished he could’ve taken back those words because the next thing he knew he was lifted into the air and deposited on the bed.
It was the most fun he’d probably ever had and by the smile on Cas’s face, it seemed the other Super felt similarly.
Dean laughed. "No, he's just really used to working with just the Impala, and is stubborn about taking care of ships his own way."
“Who’s not?” Dean asked, groaning as he tried to shift his weight onto his hurt ankle. “What’s going on?”
All he could think about as he raced to the sound of the crash was how the hell he was going to lure whatever threat was in his home away from his son.
“Those are three very, very different questions,” Dean responded, and without missing a beat, Charlie parried, “And you have answered none of them.”
Cas sat on his side of the bed, rocking and shushing Jack until he was no longer crying. They could both tell Jack was still exhausted, it had only been a couple of hours since he’d gone down, but the baby seemed adamant that he didn’t want to sleep just yet. Jack let Cas hold him for a little while longer before he wiggled out of his fathers arms and started bouncing around the bed, trying to get Dean to play with him. It was a thing that they did now in the mornings after one of them got Jack from his crib and changed him, not wanting to start the day the three of them would play around, tossing Jack in the air until they were all a little worn out before heading downstairs to make breakfast.
He’d fought her before but she had never been able to use her powers like this. Usually her body would contort and dissolve into that weird black smokey shit so Dean couldn’t catch her, but now it seemed like that smoke was almost corporeal. It seemed to fight Dean just as much as her fists were.
When Dean ran with someone, most people experienced extreme vertigo. Kids usually immediately passed out from the sudden change. So it took Dean a moment to realize that Jack hadn’t so much as closed his eyes, but was looking around at the blurred features around them and pointing out like he was amazed. The baby even
“I know. It started during the massacre,” Castiel explained. “I told you I stalled just beyond Garqi.” Dean nodded. Castiel continued, “The ship didn’t. I did.” Dean looked confused, but did not interrupt. Castiel took a deep breath.
So maybe he did think about The Seraph more than he wanted his friends and family to believe. And maybe he was feeling a bit like a fangirl actually being in the Super’s house and getting a long awaited up close face reveal.
once ogled all the curves it hugged. But the best part of The Seraph’s disguise were the pitch black wings, because did Dean mention that Castiel’s telekinesis meant he could basically fly too?
“Because I don’t listen to you either,” she said, crossing her arms and daring Dean to ask more questions. With a resigned sigh, Dean turned to look at Cas who was standing awkwardly to the side, trying to hide his anxieties. Dean felt like a dick.
“Don't ask stupid questions.” Castiel bit out. He sounded irritable, and for the life of Dean he couldn’t figure out why. Soon after they entered a particularly crowd-heavy area, Castiel seemed to withdraw more. He pressed closer to Dean. “Let's just hurry.”
“You are dead meat Dean Winchester! Dead meat! Do you know the trauma I went through turning on my phone to see hundreds of thousands notifications about Captain Speed being attacked by Abbadon and then going AWOL? And your phone was disconnected? I had to call your brother in a panic to find out if you were even alive! Dead. Meat.”
Senator Winchester sighed. “Language in front of the kids, John.” She smiled at Gabriel. “Gabriel, pleasure to meet you. John’s told me a lot about you.
“He’s saying the truck is for you,” Castiel clarified from across the room. “He wants you to play with it.”
“Not usually, no. If there’s nothing big for me to do, they usually have me work with outreach programs and speaking at school assemblies and what not.”
There was a loud shriek coming from the other room, and a high pitched happy sounding noise. "I think KAZ found Castiel," Charlie remarked.
“You can’t run. The most you could do for them in your current state is try and negotiate with the assailants. And if you do try and run, you’d likely end up ruining your ankle.”
Dean stepped back. There was something wrong about this place. It was idyllic, peaceful, but there was something  -
Dean could see as the distress started to form. Jack’s bottom lip started to wobble and Dean knew the smooth sailing was over.
Castiel would never understand why and how Master Gabriel ended up as Castiel’s master. They were opposites- Castiel was no-nonsense and took being a Jedi and his missions seriously, while his master...let us just say that he was known as the Trickster in the Jedi Temple. Master Yoda said they would learn plenty from each other, and “balance each other well, you both do.” There are moments when his Master’s brilliance shined through because Castiel
The sounds from the street grew worse and Castiel knew there was no more time for goodbyes. He nodded in encouragement to Dean, and Captain Speed did what he had to do. He ran.
In the end the fight had destroyed three businesses and five people were severely injured but there were thankfully no tragedies. Since The Demon had been classified as a Super with dangerous and deadly powers, Dean and Castiel had had no choice but to eliminate the threat altogether. It wasn’t a practice Castiel enjoyed but their legal system had not yet found ways to neutralize the most deadly of enemies in order to bring them to justice.
At least now, he could pay Dean back, even if it was only by working chores and providing some grocery money. He had asked Dean if he should also pay him rent, but Dean hadn’t told him anything else beyond “I’ll think about it.”
He paid no mind to the fight he’d sent Captain Speed into, only until the Super was by his side with only the words
“Charlie!” Dean enveloped her in a big, warm hug, and ushered her inside. “How long have you been back? How was the trip?”
Midair, he pressed a button on his watch that called his most recent call, wiring it to the earpiece that was a part of his mask.
Ms. Moseley was a kind woman, didn’t have many visitors, and always sent Castiel home with a plate of baked goods whenever he helped her with her groceries. Castiel was fairly certain she knew he wasn’t
She nodded frantically, her tears leaving streaks down her smoke covered cheeks. Without another word, Castiel scooped her up bridal style and waited a moment as Millie was pulled tightly to Kenna’s chest.
The news program ended on the TV and rolled into Late Night Fun, the most popular late night show. Castiel usually turned the TV off at this time of night, knowing that Jack would be up in only a few hours for a midnight diaper change but it seemed like Dean was intrigued by the show, staring at the screen as Loki Fun, the show’s host, ran onto the screen waving at his audience.
he still live with them if he were to suit up again? If he did, it was likely Castiel would make him go through whatever multi car swap routine Cas took part in. They’d have to figure out what to do about Jack. Would one of them try to work mornings and one work evenings? Wouldn’t that cut into their time together as a semi-family?
Castiel turned to the TV to witness for himself the video footage from the helicopter circling the building. There was smoke billowing out of one side of the luxury apartments. Though they were small in the camera, Castiel could just make out the residents rushing out onto the streets. There was no sound with the footage but Castiel knew from experience that it was likely chaos down there.
“He’s been fine,” Dean replied distractedly, bewildered with Charlie’s reaction. “What do you mean, ‘hallelujah?”
“I don’t think we’ve ever been properly introduced,” Dean realised aloud. “My real name is Dean. It’s nice to meet you Castiel.”
The first one had almost killed the senator and her children when the assassin had set the estate on fire, and only due to the quick thinking of his husband John Winchester and the help of his oldest son, Dean, did the senator and her youngest escape the burning building. Ever since, the senator had been under the close watch of her security team led by Captain Bobby Singer, and they had been successfully defending her until the most recent attack where the senator had almost died when someone set a detonator in the family’s personal hangar. Plenty of personnel had suffered.
“You think we can make it work?” Dean loved that Castiel didn’t even think to mention trying to do any of this separately anymore. It was like Castiel hadn’t even considered the possibility that Dean going back to work would mean Dean should go back to living on his own.
“Charlie,” Dean interrupted. He held her gently by the shoulders. “We’ll be fine. I know I have you on standby, and KAZ or I will have a comlink on us at all times. We’ll be ready. Besides, I know you made sure that KAZ’s programs and features are all upgraded so we’ll definitely be able to get some info on these bastards.”
Jack had already gotten. These days the little guy was always talking up a storm and running all over the place, getting into as much trouble as possible, and Dean was one-thousand percent wrapped around his little fingers.
but they won’t tell us who,” Dean heard his brother say in a low voice and both he and Charlie tuned into what Sam was saying. “They claim whoever they’re working for is experimenting on Mundanes with new drugs that can enhance their abilities and make them into Supers. We can’t get them to say who they’re working for or where these labs are but we have a suspicion who is at the core of this.”
“Well maybe I am,” Castiel retorted, realizing how true it was. If this conversation had happened two weeks ago, Castiel would’ve been in full agreement with his brother. Even now he understood where his brother was coming from but that was before Castiel had gotten to know Dean–before Jack and Dean had started to bond.
“Look, you like him enough, Dean, why don’t you give it a shot? I’m not talking about marrying the guy
Dean was fighting Abaddon with everything in him but her smoke was unrelenting. No matter what he did he couldn’t get her to release the hold on Cas. He knew he was running out of time and his fear was making him sloppy.
Dean raised his eyebrow, and checked his watch. He looked confused, but headed out to check on the door. Castiel remained in the kitchen, contentedly chewing on his donut, when he heard Dean exclaim. There was another male voice that Castiel could hear, and he peeked out of the kitchen to find out who it was.
He’d checked in with her a few times throughout the years and though her life had long since moved past her relationship with Sam, she’d never stopped caring for Dean as well. She was the first place Dean could think Jack would be safe and no one would find him.
“Oh, so this is the part of the story where you turn out to be the villain all along and have taken me to an abandoned field to murder me.”
Something didn’t make sense to Castiel though. “Say Crowley is sending her after you for revenge, why now? Your mother defeated Azazel well over a decade ago, so why wait this long to go after you? Why go after you at all? What does he gain?”
“Oh, sure,” Castiel said. He went back into the kitchen to grab the donut he was eating, and then left immediately. He was debating whether he should grab a book from the bookshelf or just go up to his room, when he heard his name from the kitchen.
“It’s not your fault. He’s usually fussy before he falls asleep, it’s not often he goes to bed without me. Ms. Moseley next door says he’ll cry for a while before he calms down enough to sleep.”
“When should I have done that, Dean?” Castiel asked, voice heavy with sarcasm. “In our very extensive one day friendship? Should I have mentioned it before you showed up on my doorstep unannounced? Perhaps when I found you on the floor of my hallway? Or after I got back from saving two girls from a fire? When would have been a convenient time for me to mention my family tree to you? How about when you told me about yours? Oh wait…”
Rowena seemed to be getting a little put out at what Dean was giving her. “Dean Winchester, obviously, neither of us wants that wench in charge. You have yours to take care of, and I have mine own to reclaim some glory. That bint has not the finesse or the know-how to actually work with a local government for the good of a planet.” Her tone rose at the last sentence, and Dean considered her quietly.
The captain did not crack a smile. “Your quarters will be shown by one of the maids later. Here we are,” he said, stopping at the foyer’s threshold. “Senator Winchester, Mr. Winchester, the Jedi.”
He was so absorbed in thinking about the logistics of getting in contact with his brother that Dean didn’t realize the shift in Castiel’s mood.
Dean and Cas snagged a booth in the far back corner of the diner they decided to enter. Jack was with Ms. Moseley for the day since Dean hadn’t been certain how much arguing the day with Charlie would entail. Dean went ahead and ordered for Charlie since she was running behind but he wasn’t certain he was going to be able to stomach the food he ordered, he was too nervous for how the meeting was going to go.
“What’s your name buddy?” Dean asked, knowing full well that the baby couldn’t speak but he hoped his dad was nearby.
“I think we’re gonna try nap time on the couch,” he decided aloud and Jack yawned again. The baby seemed to know it was time to sleep.
“I don’t know what to say Dean, he sounds pretty perfect for you," Charlie pointed out. "His reaction to the kiss makes it sound like he thought it was awkward for
Castiel looked up. “Nothing,” he said. He went back to pacing. Dean watched him as he root about in one of the desks.
Castiel didn’t respond, and Dean seemed to have taken it as a sign that he could continue speaking. “You gave me a cortosis-weave vibroblade so that we could do it properly. You brought out your lightsaber, and I was just mesmerized, that yellow shaft of light, when you held it, you just looked… you looked like an avenging angel Cas, every inch the Jedi Master that you were going to be.”
He only sat on the floor playing with Jack for a total of ten minutes before the baby decided Dean was too boring and went back to his father. Dean’s body ached all the same. His head still felt a little woozy from being knocked out and his ankle was protesting from being stretched out on a hard surface, so with great effort, Dean pulled himself back onto the couch and tried to get comfortable.
Dean’s parents both had powers. His dad, John was a Mundane with enhanced eyesight that really only helped him with hunting, and his mother was the Super known as Kairos. So, it didn’t come as too much of a surprise to them when Dean started darting across the backyard only a few days after learning how to walk. His brother had a mundane power but hated even bringing it up.
It sounded ominous but before Dean or Cas could ask her about it, she told them to have a great day at the park and shut the door. By the time they made it to the park and Jack was playing, both Dean and Cas had forgotten about her warning, focusing on having a great day as a family, because that’s what they were.
He was by Cas’s side in a moment, clutching the Super to his chest, shaking him and begging him to wake up. Tears sprang to his eyes as Castiel gasped, clutching at Dean as his lungs filled with air.
“Is that your plan? Get enough people hooked on whatever you’re making and get them to do your bidding?”
The baby seemed oblivious to Dean’s thought process and swatted his hands in excitement, hitting Dean in the face once or twice before Dean shifted himself out of the way.
Okay, Dean may have been a bit smug the day he read a post that determined he had the better ass. Who wouldn’t be?
Castiel rolled his eyes at her fondly and started up the stairs. It took Dean a moment to get his head back into the game because he realized that she’d just called Jack both of theirs. He really liked the sound of it.
Dean looked on the verge of tears but another loud sound made the situation all the more dire. Castiel could see it in the other man’s eyes that he knew he had to go soon. He could see Dean’s agony over leaving Cas alone but Dean’s own need to protect Jack won out. The other man lunged forward until he could press a bruising kiss to Cas’s lips which Castiel returned in kind.
“Of course,” Castiel replied, dumbfounded that his brother would even think that he’d put Captain Speed above his or Jack’s well-being.
Castiel knew what he was going to ask next, and Castiel wanted to run away. He curled into himself, and looked away.
Castiel may have been jealous of the obvious bond forming between his son and their temporary roommate if it hadn’t been for Jack’s consistent happiness in seeing Castiel walk through the door each day, or the way he always wanted to snuggle with Castiel on the couch after play time. At least he wasn’t completely losing his son to the charismatic Super who could cook incredible meals and seemed to have a childish enthusiasm for playing toy cars with Jack.
“Can I ask you something?” Dean asked once Castiel appeared to be finished with the chapter of the book he was on.
It was then that Castiel decided to step in. He managed to use his abilities to fling The Demon into a cement pillar, giving him a moment to yell to Dean to fight The Leviathan in his stead, and then they were both back in the fight.
“Hey you two,” Cas said, stopping them in their tracks. He had his dad-face on and Dean wanted to kiss him so bad. “Food will be ready soon. Don’t stay in there for long.”
“Jody, where do I go? If she knows one of my hideaways then she probably knows the other and I can’t go to my brother’s…”
“Or something. If you eventually find a place to go, then by all means I won’t force you to stay, but there’s no rush on my end for you to go.”
He could see the fear in Dean’s eyes as Cas was torn away from Dean’s grip but her strength was too much for the both of them to physically overpower her.
“Better than I expected. He was in his early twenties, owed money to the wrong people and was scared. I don’t think he actually intended to hurt anyone but he still was in the wrong,” Castiel explained. Dean could only nod.
“Slow is perfect.” The bed moved as Dean shifted, his arm sliding over Castiel’s waist, his hand resting in the center of Castiel’s back. “Is this okay?”
That was exactly what Dean needed to hear. Cas needed him. He had to go make sure Jack’s dad came back home to him.
“Because my brother seems to think I’ll be safer with someone watching my back. He’s scared Abaddon, or anyone really, is going to catch me off guard and alone one day and I won’t be able to get out of it.”
Castiel was just about to use his power to stop the car before it could hit the child and dog when he felt Dean’s hand slip out from under Cas’s.
Walking into his house, he expected to see Dean right where he’d left him, however, that was not the case. The other Super was no longer lounging on the couch watching the news, though the TV and lighters were still on.
“How though? You can throw someone across the country with just your mind. How could someone have one up on you?”
“He can’t walk right now. And I don’t want someone else coming here. Even if they don’t see me I don’t want anyone knowing someone in this house hid him.”
Jack reached for Castiel eventually at the promise of getting to play with his bath toys, especially his boat. He wasn’t exactly sure how his son became so obsessed with all forms of transportation but if bribing his kid with it got him into the bath, Castiel wasn’t going to question it.
He didn’t have time to ask questions and Dean hadn’t seemed very interested in talking either. They both knew they had something larger at hand to worry about and went full force into their fight with The Demon.
It was easier for him to admit that he loved Jack than it was to consider that he might already be falling for Cas. Loving Jack was easy. Dean probably fell for that kid the moment he laid eyes on him and every day he got to hang out with him, play with his toys, help him try new foods, Dean couldn’t imagine not getting to watch him grow up. The way he felt for Cas was harder to accept. It’s not that he was scared or that he wasn’t fully aware of the way he was growing to rely on the steady presence of the other man, but he wasn’t sure if he was the only one feeling this way. He knew Castiel liked him in return, that was obvious by the way they kissed, but falling for each other this fast? Was that possible?
Castiel fought to keep The Leviathan from getting too close to the city. His brother had been feeding him information about Captain Speed and The Demon’s wearabouts the entire time through an earpiece Castiel always wore. It was clear that The Demon had his sights on the highly populated downtown and that it was unlikely Captain Speed would be able to limit damage without Castiel’s assistance.
He realized that no matter what he tried with her, she was slowly getting the upper hand. Her strength was greater than most other dark Supers Castiel had faced before, and by the time the two of them were locked into combat, Castiel realized she might be able to overpower him.
Castiel shrugged. “He gave up the girls to the garrison for a quick cash, and was here to loot their room.” He looked at Dean, and pointed to his brain. “My faculties haven't been reduced, you know.”
The two of them weren’t gone long but long enough for Dean to realize he was pretty hungry. He didn’t want to make himself welcome in Castiel’s kitchen without permission though so he waited until the moment they came back to ask, “Got anything to eat?”
Dean looked at Jack and his little innocent eyes and couldn’t imagine that that sweet baby, who Dean had seen happily playing with trucks for the past day or so, getting into trouble.
“And a pain in Bobby’s ass,” Sam continued wryly. “Anyhow, I’m sure Dean’s presence would be enough of a smokescreen, and I would really appreciate if you could follow him closely to him as he weaves through the new Imperial center, keep him safe.”
“You’re a damn laserbrain that’s what.” Mr. Winchester snorted. “This your padawan then? He doesn’t look too bad.”
“Captain Singer, great to finally meet you face to face.” Gabriel held out a hand to shake, and Captain Singer grasped his hand as well.
They all surrounded him and Jack. Every time Castiel caught Dean smiling at Jack, Dean’s thoughts radiated love and protection and each time he looked at Cas, those thoughts were all comfort, happiness, and
“Oh no, definitely not my style. I prefer a little less fire, and a little more magic,” Rowena said with a slight wink, and Dean almost huffed. He felt something calm brush against him, and knew that Gabriel was trying to affect him through the Force. He hung on to the tendril of tranquility that Gabriel all but thrust into his face, and Dean exhaled.
“Dee, I hab tate now?” Jack asked preciously, with ketchup all over his face after finally finishing his hot dog.
There was a clearing, the surrounding trees clustered in close, forming a beautiful, quiet spot of respite. It would be perfect for a hut, or even a house - but there was nothing here, not even a tent.
The compound itself was enormous. It contained everything the senator would need: her home and space, her security detail, her offices, her staff’s homes and offices, tutors for the children, places for leisure, and places to stay for the guests. The building had sloping roofs, similar to the hangar, was built with slate, and the walls were constructed with massive stones. It was backed by a thick, lush forest, and everything was protected by a shield generator guarded very zealously by Larka Militia.
Castiel decided that being timid would get him nowhere, and worked up the courage to ask Dean for assistance. The other man promised to get some of his police friends to look into it.
“Ridiculous, am I? Says the guy who called me two weeks ago begging me to figure out a way to get Mr. Speed out of his home,” Gabriel said incredulously. “Now that I’ve told you a way to get him out safely, you’re pretending you don’t understand English. I’ve been hearing talk that people think you might know Speed’s whereabouts since you’re the one doing all the heavy lifting now.”
The beginning of their date was standard. Dean got them a reservation at a pretty decent steakhouse and then convinced Cas to take a walk through the park in the middle of the city with him. They held hands as they walked along the pathways and made their way to an ice cream parlor with an outdoor patio. They spent a lot of time telling each other about their families and revealing some embarrassing childhood stories. It was sweet.
“Grey, I know.” Castiel said. “I don’t usually smoke greys, but I needed them because you asked questions.”
That sentence stopped Dean in his tracks. He looked over at Castiel and felt his own voice grow hard. “We?”
It looked like Dean had resigned himself to stay put on the floor and Castiel briefly wondered how much pain the other man was in to allow himself to stay in such an awkward position on the hardwood.
“I shouldn’t have pushed you to go. I realized that after you left that it wasn’t okay what I said. I pressured you when you obviously weren’t comfortable and if things had gone south… What I’m saying is that I was out of line.”
In the past, being a Super meant that one could choose how they used their power: saving and protecting people or using it for their own advantage. Supers were unregulated and law enforcement was powerless to do much about it. Things changed a few decades ago when two Supers called The Archangels tore through multiple cities, killing hundreds and disseminating many homes and businesses. The government chose then to take action, writing sanction after sanction and demanding that Supers be regulated or locked up.
Castiel confessed to Dean to not being skilled in the kitchen and that Jack was a mostly picky eater, so most of the time they ate some mixture of a protein, starch or carb, and a veggie that Jack didn’t hate that week. His child’s constantly changing pallet usually meant that Castiel bought more than he needed at the store in hopes that something would be a hit with his son, but usually this only resulted in him needing to throw out moldy food on the regular.
Once he was upright, Jack seemed to take that as an opening to clamber onto the couch and straight into Dean’s lap, lugging with him what looked like a toy firetruck and a small toy car. Dean wasn’t really sure what to do with a kid in his lap but when Jack offered him the toy car, the only option was to start playing. Obviously.
A few feet before Castiel made it to where Jack was seated, the cake suddenly disappeared from Cas’s hands causing everyone to stop singing, looking around in complete shock. In the next breath the cake and candles were right in front of Jack, and the two-year old blew hard until the candles extinguished.
Castiel cringed as he watched Dean climb onto the fire escape of an apartment building before Abaddon caught him by surprise. He watched as Dean fell two stories landing on his ankle with a sickly crunch. Castiel looked over towards the couch and saw Dean’s jaw clenched.
He lit it up, and inhaled deeply. Castiel knew exactly when the drug hit his system, as the lights in the air started to smell like apple pie, and the sounds lit up with the colors of the rainbow. His connection to the Force went thin as a whisper, making him inhale sharply at the loss of something that gave him immense comfort. But the never-ending screams at the edge of his senses also went silent, and for that he felt relief. The sensation of utter euphoria washed over him, and he slid in contentment to the ground, completely forgetting about the mat.
Castiel laughed, not at Dean’s awkwardness but at his own nervousness. Something about Dean made him stupid. First he asked him to live with him and now he was asking Dean into his bed? He didn’t know much about friendships but he was pretty certain he was pushing the boundaries here. How long until Dean started to think Castiel was a huge creep?
Charlie smiled widely. “Heeey, I haven’t seen that patented Sam bitchface in a while! How’s your brother, the yeti?”
“Yes, she definitely leaves an impression,” Dean responded cautiously. The woman spoke with an unidentifiable accent, probably from one of the core worlds. She had this lilting brogue that sounded very different to Dean’s ears.
Cas watched as Jack’s eyelids grew heavier and heavier and the bottle at his lips rolled down onto his chest. He gave himself a few moments to cherish the feeling of his baby falling asleep in his arms before he carefully settled him into his crib.
So yeah, Castiel had the cooler superhero name, the better build, and if Dean said so himself, the better outfit too. Seriously, the dude had this sleek black and navy form fitting suit that fit him like a glove to which Dean had
Dean had calmed down at this point, and was examining the wire the Yolcham severed. “Damn, Cas, you had this cut so cleanly. If I didn’t know any better I would think you used wire cutters on this - how did you melt the edges?”
“Thank you, for - that was, I appreciated you finally - thank you Cas,” Dean said as he panted heavily. He adjusted what he was sporting in his pants, and was very, very aware of the hard length that he could feel from Castiel on his thigh.
The distinctive crunch of metal sounded and it was immediately followed by Abaddon’s amplified voice.
“It’s been a while since I’ve…” Castiel trailed off, he wasn’t sure what he was going to say. Since I’ve dated? Hooked up? Cuddled? He figured Dean would understand the silence. “Do you think we could go slow? For a while?”
“I like you,” Dean said, completely disregarding Castiel’s question. It was absolutely not what he’d expected to hear.
“If she somehow ended your life, I’m still here,” Castiel commented, mostly thinking aloud. “They can’t think I’d just let that go and allow them to take the city.”
There was black object, with multiple spherical shapes attached to each other, like a peanut in its shell, but larger. The tip flared up to the base, and the base seemed to be cradled by a curved, flat material, and there was a wire coming from the bottom of the device. The wire extended to something underneath Dean’s bed, and Castiel followed the string until he found another curved, cylindrical device with a few buttons.
That thought hurt. He’d loved his house. It was where Castiel had brought Jack home from the hospital, had watched him take his first steps, heard him babble his first words. The thought of that home being threatened brought out a fury in him he hadn’t known existed. He wanted Abaddon and anyone she was working with gone. He just needed to get them as far away from civilians as possible.
“I like you. And not just in a friend kind of way. I’m attracted to you. Big time,” the bed shifted as Dean turned to his side, his voice growing louder as he turned to face Castiel. “I know we haven’t really known each other long and I’m not even sure if you like me in that way, or if you like guys in general, but I just thought I should put that out there. I don’t expect anything. I just didn’t want to make things uncomfortable, especially now that we’re sharing a bed and all.”
The entire country had rejoiced to be free of such a man. Someone who sought to destroy everything without regard. No one truly knew why Azazel had wanted to burn everything he touched, but it had often been theorized that he’d been seen meeting someone in secret. No one ever spoke of this alleged person but it was clear without saying it that Azazel and Crowley had somehow been linked.
All he could think of as he drove above the speed limit was that Castiel had to be just fine, because he didn’t think he could live alone without a roommate any longer.
Castiel signalled to Dean, and they ducked into a service door of the university dorms. Castiel moved swiftly, evidently very familiar with the place. Dean was sure he'd heard a few students greet him, and on one occasion got dragged into a dorm room for a couple of minutes. Dean waited awkwardly outside as Castiel emerged unapologetically from the dorm room, pulling at his tunic.
He knew she was going to be pissed but he was a big boy and could make his own decisions, damnit. He didn’t have to run everything through her. “I’m staying here. With Cas.”
Knowing Castiel had to be there in his place made him feel insurmountable levels of guilt. The fact that Castiel hadn’t wanted to go in his stead but Dean had backed him into a corner made him angry with himself. All he’d been able to think about at the time were the terrified people wishing they could be home. They hadn’t known that walking into the bank to make a simple transaction would put them in a life or death situation. But Dean shouldn’t have put the pressure on the other Super to go.
The two played for a while on the floor until Jack decided he was no longer interested in trucks and wanted Dean to read him a book. Castiel watched in amusement as Jack planted himself in Dean’s lap and looked up at the man as if to say,
Dean laughed. “Is that right? So I guess you wouldn’t mind me taking this pot roast I made with me then?”
It was the intensity in the Super’s eyes that reminded Dean of why he never worked with the guy. It’s not that they were arch nemesis, or that they even disliked each other, there was just a distinct aloofness to “The Seraph” that made it less appealing for Dean to want to reach out when he needed help, despite him being the only other Super in their city.
“He’s trying to throw them off your trail,” he said to the other man, who, as expected, was confused.
Knowing he was safe and being looked after and that he didn’t need to figure out his next steps at the moment, Dean decided to let himself rest. He was asleep in only a matter of moments.
The voice was petrified. Raw from the smoke and the terror of the situation but it guided Castiel straight to the balcony.
His phone rang where it was plugged in on the kitchen counter and Castiel excused himself to go answer it. He almost didn’t when he saw it was his brother calling for the fifth time in the past week.
Though Castiel was tired he decided to spend a few minutes watching the news with Dean, possibly hoping to learn just a little more about the Super he was hosting.
right as he was picked off his feet and thrown into the brick wall of the house and everything went black.
Dean had no patience for games, not today, not when Larka was in trouble with this new governor. If this lady wanted something, she had to speak
He stuck to the back of buildings and hid in the shadows, grateful to the setting sun for shielding him from most civilians. Without being able to lean fully on his right leg, it took him some time to find a store he could borrow a hoodie and some sweats from, but by the time he managed it Jody was already barking directions at him leading him through a part of the city he rarely went and up the stairs of a brownstone he’d never seen before.
Charlie perked up. “You did? Oh my skies, that is awesome!” Her eyebrows waggled at Dean. “Have y'all kissed and made out now? Maybe have a bit of sexy times?”
Dean cringed every time he saw his own alter-identity’s name plastered somewhere or worse when he saw people walking around their town with the name “Team Speed” printed across their front. More than once he’d bitched to his friends and family begging them to let him rebrand himself.
Instead, Castiel had slipped into the background, thinking of his brother’s advice to always stay out of the media’s attention, and didn’t speak to Dean until the next time an enemy fight forced them to work together.
It was probably going to be awkward as hell for the both of them, since they knew virtually nothing about one another, however, Dean wasn’t a complete asshole. If it made Castiel feel more at ease to have Dean heal up and leave quietly, then that’s what he was going to do.
At least he could still feel the magic inside himself, feeling Yolcham just beneath his skin. As long as he had it, Castiel felt utterly safe. He wished he could at least use a tracking spell to find Gabriel, just to make sure his brother was still alive and made it out safe.
It was nearing Castiel and Jack’s dinner time by the time the three of them got back downstairs. After a few moments of arguing with Dean over not needing assistance in cooking, Castiel found himself setting a cutting board and knife in front of Dean while Jack played in a pack-up crib, set carefully out of reach of any kitchen utensils.
“Hi buddy,” Dean said softly, heart breaking at the sight of Jack’s lower lip wobbling. Jack wasn’t one to cry often but whenever he did, Dean couldn’t stand it. Part of him wanted to go out and fight the storm for having the audacity to make such a sweet kid so scared. Castiel thought it was hilarious that even on the rare times Jack threw a tantrum, Dean basically crumbled, trying everything he could to get Jack back to his happy self. But Cas wasn’t one to talk. He hated hearing his son crying probably more than Dean did.
Dean was quiet for a while, long enough to make Castiel doubt if he’d been reading Dean correctly but then the other Super said, “It’s kind of nice, you know?”
The thought had been on Dean’s mind most of the day. Having a child, being a single parent, and being a Super seemed like a lot for one person to take on but Castiel seemed to be handling it well. It made Dean curious as to how the other man came to that decision.
What surprised Dean most about the whole meeting was how easily Sam and Cas got along. While Charlie was going over details of all of Dean’s old hideouts and updating him on what she expected from Captain Speed in the next few months, Sam and Cas were engaged in their own conversation.
“I might also be able to get a vague sense of what the people I am closest to are thinking and feeling. It takes a while for me to discern all of it. And even if I
Castiel opened the door into the welcoming warm light of the glow rod at his bedside. “You should sleep,” said Castiel. “Take the bed. I’ll grab one of my mats and set up the roll somewhere there.” He vaguely waves his hand in another direction.
They both took part in the awkward dance of trying to get comfortable but trying not to be too annoying in their movements. Every time Dean shifted Castiel was hit with the realization that he had another man in his bed for the first time in years. He’d had only one significant relationship in his life but he’d been no stranger to having company when he was lonely. Sometimes he’d see someone for a month or two but he always made sure they understood he couldn’t settle down, and usually most people didn’t stick around after hearing that. He didn’t mind hookups but when fatherhood became a reality, he made the decision to no longer allow strangers into his home. His decision to be home every night with his son made it pretty difficult to sustain any sort of love life and eventually Castiel realized he hadn’t been with anyone in a while.
is the first thought that rolled through Dean’s mind hearing that. It made Dean wish he could have the same amount of bravery to do the things Dean always wanted. He was glad to know that even a Super as incredible as The Seraph could have something as precious as Jack in his life, it meant that maybe somewhere down the line it would be possible for Dean as well.
Once they were finished eating, Dean tried to insist on helping clean up but his attempt at standing up made the pain in his ankle throb and Castiel ordered him to keep Jack entertained in the living room.
“I usually drive to the next city over, switch cars in a parking garage I have a parking pass for. Drive back to the city, switch cars in yet another parking garage I have a pass for. Then I come home. I have one other garage I usually switch at just to be safe but I decided against it today.”
Master Gabriel sauntered down the ramp, turning around periodically and waving goodbye to a green Twi’lek on board with a wink. The Twi’lek blushed, and she played with one of her head tails. “Goodbye, Master Jedi. Hope to see you again soon.”
As weird as it was to wrap his mind around, seeing Castiel with Jack, Dean actually thought it suited him.
The two of them dragged the toys over the armrest for a while, Dean attempting to make cool racing noises and Jack mimicking any sound Dean made. Every so often Jack decided to crash the firetruck into Dean’s car, giggling uncontrollably to Dean’s playful yells of
“We’ve also noticed that some of the Supers in other cities are being targeted. None of them have died but a few have been seriously injured.”
Bobby snorted. “Hell yeah, but we’re fighting against a small group of beings and a strong defense for one area is good. I’ll go and divvy up my group if war comes.”
They were both being stupid. Focusing too much on each other. Worrying what was happening to one another that they’d allowed themselves to be distracted one too many times and Abaddon clearly knew to look out for this moment of weakness.
Castiel continued until he  reached the sandy bank of the lake. The moons of Garqi were dim crescents reflected in the still water. He crashed on the beach, letting the water lap against his toes. He took a long swig from the alcohol. “Why are you here, Dean?”
Castiel had told Dean that he tried to limit the use of his powers at home because he wanted Jack to live as normal a life as possible but that didn’t mean he didn’t use them at all. If there was one thing that Dean knew to be Castiel’s weakness, it was his son’s laugh. Most mornings, if Jack requested “up” Castiel never refused because the moment he gently lifted Jack into the air with just the power of his mind, Jack burst out in giggles. The one year old could spend hours being trailed through the air over the bed if given the chance.
Castiel’s eyes were just as wide as he looked at his son. “Oh, this isn’t going to be good.” He said nervously, and everyone busted up laughing–even Jack who had no clue what he’d just done. Only two and their Super-baby was going to give them a run for their money and probably quite a few grey hairs.
Dean fought the sleep that was calling to him as long as possible but eventually he gave in too, feeling his eyes grow heavier and heavier until his breathing matched pace with Jack’s.
He let the name pass through his lips in a whisper. And if he smiled at the way the name sounded, no one was around to see.
“Dean, I am going to make you gargle soapy water if you don’t stop using that vocabulary. You should be ashamed of taking after your father’s tongue.”
The relief that he felt when he saw Castiel unscathed and unharmed overtook him, and he just took his housemate’s face and gave him a deep, strong kiss on the lips. Castiel was taken by surprise,
By the time he entered the woman’s house, Jack was already in Cas’s arms, hugging him tight. The baby noticed Dean right away and squealed with delight.
Dean was pretty certain Jody would have already filled Sam in on where he was and that he was safe so Dean wasn’t worried that his brother was panicking about Dean’s safety quite yet.
That seemed to appease Jack enough to settle down between them on the bed. It meant Dean probably wouldn’t get to hold Cas in the night, but making sure Jack felt safe enough to sleep was far more important to him.
He grunted as he pulled himself into an upright position and attempted to look through the couch cushions.
floated around in the back of his mind but he had more pressing matters to concern himself with. Namely, keeping the man he loved out of Abaddon’s path.
Dean was officially going back to work in two days and Castiel could tell that his boyfriend was trying to soak up as much time with him and Jack as possible. It was hard to believe that it had been nearly a month and a half since Dean had come hobbling up Castiel’s front steps. It both felt like no time had passed and like they’d known each other for years at this point.
He could feel it in his bones that things were about to reach a head with Abaddon and Dean had to admit that for the first time in a long time, he was scared. He had Cas and Jack to think about now, people he wanted to come home to. He knew he couldn’t put off the fight forever but he felt like he could give himself just a few more days of the domestic bliss he’d stumbled into.
Dean nodded at Gabriel, who took his spot by the door. KAZ was nowhere in sight, and Dean knew the droid headed off into another room to gather important information from one of the computer ports. Dean went forward to greet Governor Daemun with his best fake smile. “Governor, I heard you needed your liaison. How can Larka help you?”
The boy gave a quick nod, and as if an invisible force pushed him, scrambled outside. Dean sighed. “You didn't need to do that, you know,” he said. “The whole dorm knows you’re here.”
“Shh, it’s okay love. I got you. Dada’s here,” Dean heard Castiel coo from the monitor. “That was a scary sound, wasn’t it? It’s okay. Nothing’s going to hurt you. Shh.”
He tried not to think about the fact that she could’ve been following him the entire time he tried to make an escape but that was part of her tactic to make him think he was in the clear before she came out of hiding.
Trying to make light of the situation Dean joked, “Do you think you could tell little Jack here that it’s rude to stick his fingers up people’s noses?”
He wasn’t happy to have to start over, and still didn’t understand how Abaddon even found where he’d been holding up, but when he was able to get back on his feet, he’d make sure all of his future hideouts couldn’t be found so easily.
The master-padawan pair bowed. The family stood up and held out their hands to shake. “Thank you for heeding our request, Master Jedi,” the man Castiel assumed to be John Winchester, started. “I speak to you on behalf of me and my family, we are very grateful for your assistance.”
Dean absolutely melted at the request in the same way Castiel knew he himself would. Jack’s sweet, innocent voice always cracked his heart wide open.
“Yeah, coffee’d be great,” Dean said around a mouthful of food. Castiel tried not to pay any mind to the bits that landed on his couch. It wasn’t a nice couch, just a fluffy red one he’d found in a store that he felt suited the house nicely. He still didn’t want to see crumbs all over it.
“My brother did the same thing,” Dean related. “He got a job to try and keep me safe the best he could.”
It dawned on him that by the time Cas got there, helped out the situation, then went about his million car switch routine of coming home, it would probably be hours until he was back. That meant Dean had hours ahead of him in entertaining a baby. What was he supposed to do about lunch time if his ankle couldn’t fully support his weight? Or nap time? When was nap time?
The three of them ate at the table again. Dean enjoyed watching the way Jack’s cheeks were splotched red from the strawberries and blackberries, and just how fond Castiel was when telling his son how much of a mess he was. He hadn’t known them long but Dean already really liked these two. Jack was probably the cutest kid he’d ever seen and the way Castiel spoke with him and made the baby crack up with laughter, Dean knew the other guy was a good one.
Also, THANK YOU FOR READING. Tap the Kudos button with a quick caress if you enjoyed the fic, and leave a comment if you're up for it!
Dean seemed to take Jack’s supervision very seriously, sticking to the schedule Castiel had suggested, making sure Jack was eating healthy foods, and giving the baby lots of play and learning time. If Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d think Dean had done this before.
Dean couldn’t stop thinking about the attempted robbery, and how Castiel came so close to possibly dying, and how his sense of relief had overrode his brain and he did… that.
“Shhh, sh.” Dean whispered, and soothed Castiel by running fingers through his hair. “There was nothing you could have done.”
They startled out of another kiss when Ms. Moseley’s front door opened. “I thought I heard someone outside. You two gonna stay out here kissing all day or are you going to come say hi to your baby?”
“I’ll take you both,” Castiel assured, landing on the balcony. “I’ll carry you but you need to hold on to her tightly. Can you do that for me Kenna?”
Castiel had told his brother in no uncertain terms that he was a grown man and could look out for himself, and that he knew when to ask for help if he needed it. His brother still hadn’t conceded the point but Castiel could be out stubborn most.
“Yeah," Dean said, and took a bite out of his burger quickly, unsure what else to say. "It felt comfortable, natural, and I'm confused as to how it could feel so easy, when there is
By the time he got home his nerves were completely shot. He debated flying into the house since he was slightly faster doing so but he sucked it up and walked on his own two feet.
Both girls listened, squeezing their eyes shut as he lifted himself off the ground. It was harder to carry two people but he managed well enough and it wasn’t long before his feet touched the ground in front of the line of fire trucks, ambulances, and cop cars.
” She growled, emphasizing every single word. Dean knew she was likely already trying to ping his phone’s exact location while they spoke.
Who was he kidding? He wasn’t falling in love. He’d already landed hard. He knew it was possible that Cas didn’t feel quite the same way or that it may take him longer to return Dean’s feelings, but what Dean did know was that if he had the chance to make this all permanent, he’d take it.
” Castiel countered then corrected, “this is our home. We need to get him out of here and I’m not as fast as you. I need him as far away from her as possible. I need to know he is somewhere she can never get to him. Take him. Please. Keep him safe.”
“I’ve made plenty of modifications,” said Dean. “We can take a look under the hull, so to speak, just like old times.”
“Fair enough,” Dean agreed. “I need to call my brother. He’ll probably be able to come get me and then I can get out of your hair.”
He was grateful he wasn’t in major situations daily but it wasn’t exactly a lot of fun to do the boring stuff.
They played with the trucks for a while, doing tricks, making them race, using some of Jack’s blocks as ramps. Dean had to admit that he was actually having a lot of fun with it too. It was precious how simple Jack’s happiness came just from a few toys and how easily the baby laughed if Dean made silly noises. He’d noticed in the short time he’d been with Castiel and Jack that the two of them sat down to play often and it made Dean wonder if this was why. From outward appearances, Castiel didn’t look the type to sit down crisscross on the floor and play with toy trucks, but he clearly loved his son enough to indulge Jack’s interests.
Dean nodded, a grin pulling at the edge of his mouth. “Of course she’s here. She has new tech, new rooms, and everything and a newer, edgier paint job, but she’s the same ship, down to the scratched-in initials on the lounge table.”
For a moment Castiel lacked all judgement and turned his attention away from the woman he was fighting, just to check on Dean. In that split second he felt himself take a massive blow to the temple.
He needed to call Ash and Charlie, and he could only do that on his ship. He shrugged off his outer tunic and shoved it at Castiel. “Wear this. We're going back to the Impala.”
For a moment he’d thought his call had gotten disconnected because she didn’t say anything until he heard her curse again.
Morning came too soon but none of them were keen on getting out of bed quite yet. It was thankfully Saturday which meant Castiel was technically off duty, but Supers were essentially always on call.
“Then they’ll just have to fall on their knees.” Abaddon said with finality, and caressed Dean’s jaw with a finger. “Just like how you’d look pretty on your knees.”
“That’s good. He must’ve trusted you enough, or you wore him out with all the fun you two clearly had,” he teased gesturing to the mess of toys.
As carefully as Dean could, he slid off the couch onto the floor and tried to position himself so his injured leg wasn’t too close to the clearly very mobile baby. With the other man’s inspective gaze upon him, Dean attempted to copy the way Castiel had played with the toys. However, he couldn’t help his shoulders tightening with some embarrassment. Jack clearly didn’t mind Dean’s pitiful dump truck noises.
Dean kept his gaze away from Castiel. A part of him ached, but he said nothing. Finding Castiel was more than he could ask for.
KAZ shrieked, and everyone followed suit in hoots and whistles. Castiel took Dean’s hand as he gaped like a fish, not knowing what to say or how to react. Dean blinked at the other man, who smiled at him apologetically. “I know the timing isn’t the best, but I remember you’ve always wanted a declaration,” Castiel whispered. “I’m only sorry it took me this long to ‘get with the program’, so to speak.” The other man’s fingers twitched in Dean’s, as if to make air quotes, and Dean grinned widely.
“I’m not–The Speed?–You know what, no. I’m not engaging in this with you. He stays here until he is completely back to normal. End of discussion.”
–conducted himself. If Dean’s own team hadn’t insisted that it would be in his best interest to be a public figure and raise awareness with the city in hopes to reduce crime rates, Dean would’ve liked to remain in hiding as well.
Castiel thanked Ms. Moseley for her help to which she waved off, telling him how Jack was a little angel with her always. As Castiel had told Dean to expect, she shuffled the boys out of her house with a plate of fresh snickerdoodles. But right before she said goodbye, she turned to Castiel with a serious face and said, “You two make sure you watch out for each other these next few days. Somethings in the air.”
“Don’t be a martyr,” Dean demanded, leaving no room for arguments. Castiel nodded his head and kissed Jack on the head, whispering to his son that he’d always,
“Yeah, you wanna go night-night?” Dean asked, reaching his arms out towards the baby once he was comfortably on the couch. Jack didn’t come to him though, instead he pointed towards the hallway, presumably towards the stairs.
Gabriel cleared his throat, and that pulled Dean out of his reverie quickly. Gabriel had a formal tunic on in Larkan colors, but the details of his clothing went unnoticed as Dean’s eyes landed on the fakest, bushiest moustache he has ever seen in his life. “What died and crawled on your face?” Dean said, blinking. “You do know that we have all kinds of disguises, right?”
“You had one job! Stay out of trouble so I could spend two months not worrying about anything coming for your head!” She screamed at him. He knew he wasn’t going to hear the end of this for a very, very long time. Charlie Bradbury could hold a grudge like no other.
He opened his eyes, cutting the connection. There it was again, every single time he tried to reach out to the Force and attempt to spread his senses out.
It wasn’t the throbbing in his temple or the dull ache in his ankle that woke him, but the very insistent tugging at his nose. Resisting the instinct to swat at the tiny fingers that had found their way up his nostrils, Dean forced his eyes open and was greeted by the sight of the brightest blue eyes he’d ever seen, followed by the sweetest glee-filled giggle.
Dean turned and scowled at Castiel. Castiel's smile didn't waver, but he did sit back on his haunches. “Do you know anything else?” Dean asked, gently but still with an undercurrent of urgency. “Please tell us.”
“Dee ‘old me?” Jack asked, reaching his arms out for Dean to hold him. Dean could never say no to the little guy.
Dean can’t say he spent a particularly large amount of time thinking about The Seraph and what he was like at home, but when the thoughts did come up, Dean had assumed he’d be some rich kid in some fancy modern house who only went out to fight when he was bored.
“I’m here,” he said to the older girl. Over his headset he confirmed with the officers that he was with the girls and was going to bring them down. He tried to ignore the wails from the background.
How many times had he wondered what it would be like to stop and introduce himself to the Super but thought it best to keep his distance to protect his family? How many times had he wished he could get to know Captain Speed because of how often people like Jody Mills spoke of his loyalty and bravery? How many times had he imagined finally getting to have a friend in the other man so that Castiel could stop being so lonely in his fight against evil?
Charlie seemed taken aback, but recovered with a slowly widening grin. “I say damn, who are you and what did you do to Dean Winchester?”
“You just said it yourself. You don’t have a place to go after you leave here and would need to find something, so why don’t you stay?”
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his crisp dress uniform, missing his leather jacket and loose tunics already. "I look ridiculous."
Castiel turned to the owner of the new voice. He had been so focused on not looking bewildered at his master knowing the senator’s husband that he almost forgot the two other people in the room.
Charlie shrugged. “I suppose you just have to-” A ping interrupted their conversation. “Perfect. Blueprints for the old station that they've converted into the garrison. Obviously if you needed better layout you really should've brought KAZ-2Y5 with you.”
There was no time to celebrate their win as a chorus of sirens came tearing down the street. Police cars, fire trucks, News vans, helicopters, pedestrians, and more all surrounded them in a matter of moments.
“How is your leg feeling?” He asked, noticing that Dean was shifting around a little on the couch. The other man leered down at his foot before frowning at Castiel.
“Charlie and I will remain connected to their system remotely, so if you need any help, just ping us through com-link. KAZ will help us through any obstacles by accessing the ports in the Imperial center itself, while Gabriel will be Dean’s aide-slash-security personnel for safety and another pair of eyes inside the compound.” Sam then gestured at Castiel, who moved closer. Dean moved as well, looking at the map that Sam had just set up on the table. A holographic model of the compound appeared, the secret entrances that Sam and Dean knew by heart tinged in red. “Obviously, none of those entrances are known to the public, or in any schematics in any database on Larka, just this one holo right here, mapped by me and my memory.” Sam wrinkled his nose, and gestured at Castiel. “Ah, Cas, much as I would like for you to actively take a role beside Dean as added protection, we can’t have you go in there, it’s not safe; people might recognize you as Jedi.” Dean nodded at this, and he winked as Castiel caught his eye.
