“I have a whole army to help me.” He gestured to the others. Peggy laughed and then turned back to Steve.
Amora chuckled and nodded her head in agreement. Tony meanwhile frowned at the immortals but then turned back to the fight. It was clear that Steve was taking charge of the fight. He was giving directions and orders and seemed to be setting them up for something.
“Tony are you well?” Thor asked. At the shade and his lover’s incredulous look, he amended. “Well, as well as you can be...considering?” Thor gestured towards Tony’s ghostly body.
Thor’s mind flashed back to Loki’s years of crazed research about Hel. About how Loki would even spend their quality time pouring over document after document about Hel.
“He defended them! He knows Odin doesn’t like us interfering with mortal affairs. But he risked it to defend them!” Another ice blast “And Odin won’t even bat his eye! ‘He’s the defender of mortals so he can break all my laws.’” Loki mocked in a deeper tone of voice to mimic Odin’s, while throwing another green energy blast. “But you Loki!” He continued in the fake Odin voice, “You stay in Hel! Out of sight! Out of mind! Where Thor can forget you! And REPLACE YOU!” A huge blast of ice and green energy came from the enraged god and the last stalagmite turned to dust.
“I disagree, this job would be you helping guide the restless souls to the section of Hel they need to be. That is protecting. Protecting their eternal souls.”
They had initially thought the giant lion was a one-time occurrence. It was just bad luck that a giant lion was roaming around after the Hydra had been killed. However, it seemed New Thebes City was just a magnet for monsters. Every week it seemed a new monster would threaten the city.
“I wouldn’t sully my hands with your filth.” Loki spat. “No you’re going to give me all your strengths. Everything that makes you
“Wings or no. I was a fighter before them and I’m still one now.” Sam said as he took the point in front of everyone “Everyone stay behind me.”
But Steve’s steps were slow and his arm holding the dagger was shaking. He kept pushing against her control and even shut his eyes with the effort of it.
Loki, now calmer, scoffed and made his way to his throne. As he walked his skin began to turn back to it’s pale white shade and his eyes faded back to their emerald green. Once seated, his skin was completely pale and his eyes green.
Steve and Bucky then went to the breakfast table where the other Avengers were mostly gathered. Bruce and Betty had made everyone eggs and were just wrapping up when the two entered.
“Sorry! I’m really sorry about that!” Steve said as he carried Tony over towards the edge of the river.
Bucky instructed Thor to deliver the package of his and Steve’s letters to his Mother and she would pass the rest out. Steve then gently handed over the bag.
1. This confrontation was hard to write. I had a few versions in my head but they didn’t work with the story anymore. It’s also harder to factor in everyone agreeing. In order for everyone to agree all other options had to be exhausted so that made this run longer than an impulse ‘save damsel’ decision.
As they neared the City Guard's building they noticed a large group of people gathered near it. Curious and concerned as to what such a large amount of people may be gawking at, the group made their way over to the crowd. In the center were 3 guards on top of their horses looking down at a man wearing a familiar red tunic, and an even more familiar blue cape around his neck.
“Sourpatch, I am not appreciating your tone. People are bastard coated bastards, who are only honest when dead.”
The next day Howard had given the city a motivational speech about the importance of continuing to move forward and how great the Avengers were. He also commissioned a statue of the Avengers to be built.
Tony let out a sigh and moved to follow Loki’s instructions but hesitated at the door. He turned back to face the god.
“Jörmungandr has only ever been afraid of one thing, and that’s Thor.” Tony’s mind flashed back to when Jörmungandr would occasionally travel to Rhodey’s house to curl and take over Tony’s bed when the god of Thunder visited. Tony let a smile flit across his face then banished it. “He doesn’t like Thor’s thunder or lightning. It’s the only thing that’ll drive him away.”
“Well I doubt anyone will attack us with you looking like a walking armory.” Sam teased and Bucky immediately bristled.
“Tony.” Thor said breaking the silence that settled after Betty’s announcement.  “My love and body belongs to only one creature and that is Loki. I could not even fathom, nor stomach the thought of taking another to my bed.” Thor explained, his tone and eyes shining with sincerity and honesty.
Tony and Steve were two people that should have never met, but they did. A fateful rainy day involving a broken motorcycle and a run from the paparazzi ended up with them meeting, talking, and exchanging information. Then it seemed once they had spoken to each other they couldn’t stop. Lunch breaks, late night calls, coffee runs, and movie nights; all these things tumbled together till both Tony’s and Steve’s friends became curious and met the respective new friend.
However, Thor could only take so much of Odin’s derogatory statements before his temper got the better of him. And so Odin and him began screaming at each other. And then Frigga joined in and looked ready to settle things when Thor threw in the needling comment.
Bucky made to chase after him but Sam held him back. “Hold on! We can be the surprise backup that he may need. Let’s just stay hidden.”
Loki let out an irritated huff of breath. More often than not once restless shades see him and he gives them the “your dead” speech they (begrudgingly) accept it and move on. However there are the rare hard souls that push on and it seems this shade would follow that.
And Steve kept talking about all his exploits. True he didn’t tell them like a grand poet would, but instead rattled them off like they were debriefing. But still! The Avengers wouldn’t stop talking about all Steve’s heroic accomplishments. It’s like they all really wanted Tony to gush and fawn over them and Steve. And although that may help his job go smoother. He just couldn’t bring himself to even fake enthusiasm for these wanna-be-in-Valhalla mortals.
“I agree to work for you. On the condition that I am allowed to guard and protect this boy as long as he’s in the underworld.”
The mousy brunette gave Steve a smile in gratitude and let out a breath of nerves.  “Thank you Steve, really.”
Tony gave an exaggerated gasp, “Rhodey-bear I can’t believe you would lie like that! What about that time I had to go to the Land of the Living to get you, because you were taking so long with your vacation. Huh? What about that?”
Some memorable ones were: a giant boar with a hide so tough it shattered swords, a flock of harpies that had swooped in and tried carrying off anyone and everyone they could grab, a griffin that destroyed several buildings, and a sea serpent that sprayed boiling water. The Avengers had taken care of all of them.
“Do you do that often?” Tony cut in, surprised but not overly so. He should have expected this of Loki. “Cause I walk around naked
Bucky almost let out the gasp that automatically arose from who he saw. However he swallowed it back and boggled at the sight of Loki, god of the Dead and Mischief.
“I don’t think your crew likes me.” Tony fake whispered and Natasha sent him a withering look while Bucky glared.
2. You know Howard’s an ass, I know it, even Loki knows it; but Steve and Bucky don’t. He’s always been kind to them so they wouldn't assume “oh you sold/killed your kid to get the magic map”. So they took what clues Howard gave them along with their own thoughts and came up with a scenario that makes the most logical sense to them.
“WHAT?! It took months before you agreed to train Steve and me. He just got here!” Bucky raged after he got his coughing under control.
“It looks like there was a box here.” Clint pointed at the desk. “It probably held some paperwork of some sort. But all the papers that must have been on the desk and the box are gone.”
Eventually the travelers agreed and once they were all loaded up, the Avengers watched them leave then turned and began their trek back to New Thebes.
Everyone, including Fenrir, boggled at him. Fenrir whined and gestured to the Avengers and huffed a breath through his nose.
Thor had flew into the air and followed Jörmungandr with his lightning and thunder. And he kept flying and following the snake as the creature backed further and further out into the sea.
“Loki wants them dead, and they didn’t even sleep with Thor.” Tony explained and Amora’s jaw dropped.
1. Who could the people Bucky slept with be??? These side pairings were not in my original plan (FYI) but then they kinda appeared and I was like well alright then. You’re not the main focus but you can be in the background, sure.
“Get lost buddy.” Ty called, being the first to recover from Steve’s entrance. He then ripped Tony’s pin off, causing Tony to yelp and give a cry of ‘Hey!’ “This is a private matter.”
“Tony it’s not like that!” Steve almost shouted but Tony just gave a sharp backwards wave then marched out the door.
Thor had come to Steve Rogers. Thor, who was so sure Steve Rogers could become a True Hero. Who was so confident in Steve’s abilities, had come to him. He had intervened in his battle. This had confirmed it. Thor was most definitely sleeping with the accursed mortal Steve Rogers. And probably with the others as well, he had mentioned that Bucky mortal in their bed!
After everything calmed down in Hel, Tony had collapsed. It was assured that this was just because his soul was bonding back to his body and thus taking a lot of energy. Steve still did not let anyone hold Tony except for himself. This also meant Steve could not help everyone in moving Tony’s things from his bedroom in Hel to his house.
However tonight she seemed warm. She moved her plate and drink over to the seat next to Steve and wrapped him in a tight hug.
At first she didn’t react and Tony assumed she hadn’t heard him. He couldn’t seem to get his voice to work, his voice was quieter than he wanted it to be but his nerves prevented him from raising it to the volume he wanted.
“But his mother won’t know he’s alive. You’re letting her think he’s dead!” He knew he was behaving semi-irrationally. The plan made sense but this touched a little too close to home.
Tony had gone to the Land of the Living, not super often but occasionally, before he knew he could earn his freedom. Then once he learned he could earn his freedom, he went fairly often in order to do recruitments and fetch items. Each time he’d avoid anything to do with Howard, however that wasn’t always easy or possible. The man was everywhere. But how could he not be, he helped everyone; if you were to believe all the billboards and advertisements Tony would stumble across. And on each of these advertisements would be that damn phrase. A mockery of what he had purposefully done to Tony. Never look back, only forward! And each time Tony would try to power through it. Try to get over it. But he couldn’t. He’d always have a panic attack.
Thor had just landed for a visit and brought wine for them all to share. As Steve was about to partake, Erskine grabbed his arm. Steve gave him a questioning look and Erskine responded by tilting his head off to the side. He then walked off, leaving Steve to follow after him.
“-Man.” Steve finished lamely, the glare and words instantly deflating him and throwing him off kilter.  “But, you...A-aren’t you in distress?” Steve asked, uncertainty was littered throughout his tone as he looked only at Tony; who was still wriggling in Ty’s grip.
“Ferry?” Bucky then turned to the map and looked it over. It did say a boat would take them across the river.
“I got it!” Tony turned to the other two. “Jörmungandr will hide as soon as he sees you Thor, so you have to hide and ambush him. He wants the Avengers, so let’s give them to him.”
“We will talk later.” Loki muttered towards Thor as he regripped his Scepter. Thor beamed at him then gave Steve’s shoulder a pat. “I would still like him to swear he will never lord this boon over Tony.” Loki added as some of the blue began to recede from him and the ice began to melt.
Steve blushed a bit then motioned for Tony to lead on. Finally they made it to the front of Tony’s home, at which point Steve just stopped and gawked at the place.
As they were walking back the body twitched and then jolted back upright. The crowd and the group of heroes took a deep inhale of breath.
“I figured you’d respond that way.” He held up a hand as if inspecting his nails. “But I have a little leverage...you might want to know about.” Loki then waved his hand.
“Idiotic?! Disrespectful?!” The dark haired god interrupted, causing the temperature of the room to drop.
This wasn’t the first time a recruitment mission was interrupted by humans being in the Monster Bog. The first time Tony spotted Bruce he thought he was a guy trying to prove himself so he had left. However upon returning and seeing him so many times he finally confronted the man and asked him why he was there so often. Thus Tony learned Bruce’s story. Other times Tony had run into, heard, or saw people in the Bog trying to prove their worth or fill their contracts and thus had to leave and come back after they either left or perished.
2. Loki really hates Howard once he sees Howard had brought his son. Surprise to no one, Loki has daddy issues and Howard sacrificing Tony kinda brought up those feelings.
“We should talk to the Queen. A mother should know what happens to her son!” Tony seethed but Steve just gently touched his shoulder.
“The right thing.” Steve stated with determination. “The court may not believe Tony’s word but they’ll believe ours.”
The first day Howard spent lavishing himself in his family's love. The second day, Howard was agonizing over what to do. He locked himself in his bedroom and pulled open the magic map, he calculated that the closest entrance to the underworld was only a few hours walk away from his city. He struggled all day debating if he should just accept his death, if he could even do what was required for him to live. He went from writing massive amounts of notes regarding what could be created for someone else to find and then enact. To sitting in silence and contemplating if anyone would be able to create the products he outlined. The catapult additions he had already created helped turn the tide of the war a great deal and he had another large idea that should set them up for victory but Howard couldn’t think of anyone who would be capable of building it except for him. After dinner Howard watched Maria and Tony as they prepared some bread for tomorrow’s meal together, and wept. Maria then ushered Tony away and went to talk with Howard but he waved her off and went for a walk.
The Avengers and Tony were almost to Thor’s temple when screaming and the sound of pandemonium rose up from one end of the city. Since the Avengers were on one of the higher elevations of the city they were able to see the area the screams and panic were coming from. The sight was not pretty and caused a heavy weight to settle over all of them.
Howard’s lips thinned and he gestured for the young man to sit on one of the couches he had set up in his office. Steve didn’t put up a fight and sat down heavily. Howard then sat next to him and sighed.
General Ross had convinced Fury that Hulk was a menace and needed to be destroyed before it came after him or his daughter again. Fury thus asked the new heroes that they make killing Hulk their top priority.
A week later he had appeared back at the island, covered in frostbite and bandages. At everyone's concerned and confused faces the god shrugged and gave a strained smile.
“Steve,” Betty chimed in, placing her hand on the blonde’s arm. “You have to put your best foot forward. It doesn’t have to be stories of your heroism or a list of all the things you can do. You just have to be the best you.” She smiled encouragingly. “Bruce didn’t lead in telling me his family had a curse, nor did I lead in with the fact that my Father is supremely overprotective.” Bruce winced but nodded. “You guys are just starting out. So just be your best self and you’ll be fine.” Steve smiled appreciatively at her.
Natasha and Bucky shared a glance at each other then both of them turned back to Steve. The three seemed to be having a conversation with their eyes. Bucky and Nat would glance at Tony, back to Steve, towards the fog around them, then back to Tony and then Steve. Meanwhile Steve would soften his eyes then harden them and minutely shake his head.
Tony then led the three into his house. However, they didn’t make it far. They stopped in his garden and looked at the Loki statue, then all eyes turned to Thor.
Fenrir growled again but Sam fired an arrow at the beast. The wolf had to jump back in order to avoid being hit. Sam continued to fire arrows at the wolf but then Fenrir shrunk his size so he was now the size of a puppy.
Then another arrow flew over them. It once again caught Fenrir's attention. The wolf’s ears then perked up again and he began prancing in place. The Avengers then heard something. It sounded like whistling. Another flaming arrow flew and Fenrir now yipped in excitement.
“YES IT IS!” Steve shot back. “I couldn’t do anything to save my parents. And I couldn’t do anything to save Peggy! I’m useless!” Steve punched the wall near him and winced at the pain.
The Avengers were given up front spots closests to the cloth covered statue. Tony stood next to Steve but a few paces back as the blonde had to gladhand the crowd for a bit of time before the official unveiling took place. Finally a man approached the podium and requested silence as he began his speech. Tony tuned the speech out as he scanned the crowd around them.
“Yes.” Loki seethed, the memory of Thor running off with those two imperious mortals passing through his mind.
Tony’s eyes widened in alarm then he joined Loki in glancing about the room for a place he could hide.
Loki’s sleek black hair was frayed from him running his fingers through it too often and his gold jewelry had all been taken off. He looked more haggard and worn than Tony had ever seen him in his life.
A gagging noise stopped the blonde abruptly. Thor opened his eyes and spotted Loki throwing a death glare at the table.
“Steve....” Sam said as his eyes took in just how much blood was on the ground around them and soaked into Tony’s chiton. The dark skinned man bit his lip as he looked over Tony’s unmoving form.
“This way Asterion get’s to live and not have to worry about anyone else coming for him.” Sam added.
The crowd and guards began to murmur to each other. Some going as far as to lower and drop their weapons. King Minos looked incensed as Tony turned back to him.
Howard had agreed to a quick lunch at home and then they’d be off. Maria saw them off with a tight hug and kiss to Howard and an even tighter hug and multiple kisses to her son Tony.
“So you have to move the rest of your stuff out of my Palace and into your home.” Loki added. The dark haired god then turned to the centaur next to him. “I trust you will ensure Steve upholds his declaration from earlier.” Understanding lit up the centaurs face and he nodded.
“Ok.” Steve agreed gently, then gestured to the bed. “I’m not leaving you though. Get into bed punk.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Bucky asked, hurt clear in his tone. “I could have been there for you. I miss her too, we could have worked through things together.”
After the griffin attack, New Thebes City got a surprise visit from Howard Stark. Howard and his company were working on rebuilding and repairing the city and Howard decided to use the opportunity to come see his old friends. The man had appeared at the Avengers now mansion and had given Steve and Bucky a much deserved congratulations.
It was rocky and more than a few bumps were run into along the way. But slowly, very slowly Steve’s side and Tony’s side converged again. Bruce and Betty got married during the Steve side, Tony side debacle so Steve’s side had to experience their wedding through pictures and the video. Then even more slowly the weekly meet ups began to take place.
“Let Natasha deal with that.” Tony suggested blithely. “She made the promise, let her handle the fall out.” He shrugged.
“The whistling.” Natasha breathed, everything coming together in her mind. “If you don’t belong you move around silently. So when stumbled upon you are immediately identified as outsiders and thus a threat. Tony makes his presence known so none of the monsters attack him because he acts like he belongs there.”
Bucky and Steve continued to gape at the wonder before them, and then it hit them. They looked at each other and then the older man.
Tony huffed again and pushed on his friends human shoulder. “People are bastards. But…” Tony squeezed himself “I know more than anyone, that no one deserves to be trapped in Hel forever.”
“I’m not saying he’s dead!” Clint rushed. “Just that he didn’t make it there! Maybe he ran into trouble on the road.”
Tony and the Avengers watched the wolf run away, Tony with a wistful smile and the Avengers with absolute bafflement. Tony then took a deep breath to steel himself and turned to face them. His face quickly turned to one of concern as he took in Sam’s bloody leg.
Rhodey seemed to puff up at this and passed a look over all the Avengers before finally landing on Steve. “I helped raise him.”
“James, I’m afraid we will have to pause our conversation. Something more pressing has just arrived.” Loki commanded, as he leaned on his throne’s armrest.
“What declaration?” Tony asked but Loki and Rhodey just shrugged in answer. Tony gave them a glare of annoyance.
The group continued to bicker and talk till they approached the Monster Bog. Then they got more in the battle ready mindset. They grouped up and slowly waded through the fog filled swamp. They travelled silently and only communicated via whispers or hand signals. Each carried a torch but they all knew only to light the torches when absolutely necessary.
“It’s a magic map. Once you open it, it starts detailing the area around you. If you want a larger view you simply,” Howard opened the scroll more and the map expanded. “Open it some more.”
“Not a date.” Steve added from across the room then turned back to the two he had cornered, Natasha and Bucky. “So we agree you’ll apologize?”
“No, it’s not.” He said firmly. “I’m sorry about that. They should have never threatened you. It was a tense situation but that’s still no excuse for threatening an unarmed man.” The blonde tightened his grip on the brunettes hand “I’ll make sure they apologize to you personally. Natasha and Bucky both owe you that.”
“Ana is Edwin Jarvis’ wife. My Great Grandparents. After he married in they kept a low profile. Kind of a secretive family.” Tony shrugged.
“Bruce and I are sleeping together.” Betty chimed in. She then glanced at Bruce and Natasha. Bruce blushed a furious red while the red-head gave a slight nod “And we had a threesome with Natasha about a month ago.”
“I do understand.” Steve came closer. “But I won’t let you.” He smiled and Tony’s heart jumped a little. “I... I love you Tony.” He confessed blushing at the tips of his ears.
When Tony eventually returned home from his time in Hel, he was ready to combat Steve. Ready for whatever argument Steve may have at Tony’s running away. However he was just met with a smile and a genuine question of “are you feeling better now?”
Natasha and Clint ran and climbed up the deceased head’s neck. They then climbed the other side heads neck. The Hydra twisted and turned trying to throw them off but to no avail. Finally when they were both in position, Natasha whistled in order to get the middle heads attention.
The Avengers fame was not to be taken lightly and so they had tours that had occurred around their home and some training sessions. They also hosted other events: Clint taught archery, Sam and Natasha helped out with the homeless and currently Steve was hosting his Self Defense Session (not Buns of Bronze, Clint). The tours however were a very regular thing and usually Phil or Betty hosted them.
Clint, Bucky, and Sam all stayed on “Steve’s side” meanwhile Rhodey, Pepper, Jan, Hank, Happy, and Bruce when he returned, all stayed on “Tony’s side”. Natasha was pissed at Steve for a long time. She gave him a verbal beat down for remaining silent, for giving Tony false hope and feelings, but she went back to him. She sided with Tony but Steve was her friend.
“You need to be brave Tony.” Howard said sternly, “You want to help end the war and this is how you can.” Tony looked as if he had been slapped.
“Fenrir!” Tony chastised as the wolf kept licking him. “Fenrir Stop!” Tony had to let out a giggle as the wolf kept lapping him in love and attention.
“Which is stupid.” Bucky immediately replied. He then held up a fist “Till the end of the line, remember?”
The one time the group told him to bring his younger brother along had been a nightmare. Everyone was in their mid twenties but Thor’s brother was 13, and he thought he could rule the world. Loki was a prankster that put both Tony and Clint to shame. He outwitted everyone at the party and started 4 separate fights. One of which ended with Bucky punching a hole in the wall and another ending with Clint being thrown through a door. After Natasha calmed everyone down and pinpointed that Loki was the cause of all the fights, Thor had defended the kid. Of course Thor made Loki apologize, but the smirk on Loki’s face as he did so, proved he wasn’t sorry for anything that happened. After that, everyone thought it best that Thor never bring Loki around again.
“I. Never. Lied.” Steve growled slowly and meaningfully. “You’re the one who lied to me! To all of us!”
Loki looked at his Scepter again and decided to test the truth of these words. “I can grant you your life.” Howard beamed as he looked up at Loki’s stony face. “However, Hel has rules. A soul must take your place.”
“Centaurs are usually protectors.” Bucky stated, folding his arms across his chest. “And you sounded like you knew that guy.” Steve gave Bucky a harsh questioning look while Tony folded his arms over his chest defensively. “So want to elaborate more or are you sticking to “these things happen”?”
The others approached the two and Bucky threw his best friend an odd look. Meanwhile Sam came to his rescue.
5. Timeline updated: Tony was sacrificed at 8 years old, 2 years later the war ended (Tony’s now 10), 1 year after that the Starks move into Steve’s city (Tony’s now 11), roughly 5 years after that is when Chap 2 takes place (Tony’s now 16). About 2 years later Peggy dies (Tony’s now 18ish).
He was having a harder time holding back his panic the more dead ends and “no we haven’t seen him” answers they received.
“You say something punk?” Bucky asked. “Steve?” When he and Sam looked back to where Steve was, the blonde was gone. “Steve?!”
Tony was now taller than his mother but not by much, only a handful of inches. He discovered this when the woman walked over to him while he was sobbing then gently and hesitantly grasped his face so she could look at him. Feel him. Look into his tear filled eyes.
And so after they finished escorting the merchants and were heading back to New Thebes City Clint had pounced on Tony. Asking where he learned those fighting moves. Which had led to Clint explaining what he saw. Tony preened like a peacock at the attention and look of amazement in Steve’s and his friend’s eyes.
“Ugh...This is all your fault!” Tony grumbled and Loki quirked an eyebrow. “If you didn’t check on me, Bucky wouldn’t have seen you. And then none of this would have happened.”
They both went to their knees before the throne and bowed their heads. “Oh great Lord Loki, please hear us and answer our prayer! We beseech you!”
The crowd then began to file out of the training room, leaving a blushing and flabbergasted Steve in their wake.
“The Avengers” was the name the group had ultimately decided upon. After much back and forth it had come down to either The Avengers or The Ultimates and they had decided on The Avengers.
“What can I say?” Tony teased also flopping down into a chair. “I enjoy the finer things in life.” He then gave Steve a salacious wink. Natasha and Sam burst out laughing at the blonde’s instant blush.
“Finally home?” Loki called from where he was lounging on the couch cushions. “I have been here for awhile, waiting on you.”
Howard swallowed a hard lump in his own throat as he thought of Peggy. She was an incredible woman. Stong, smart, and authoritative. However even she could not beat the disease.
Loki finally emerged from the shadows, his long black skirt didn't leave an imprint on the dirt as he walked fully into the Arena. He did not have his blue skin and red eyes. Instead the god was bare chested, but draped in gold. He had gold necklaces of all sizes around his neck, gold wrapped around his horns, and gold rings on his fingers. His long silky black hair fell down his back and he appeared every inch the god that he was. Regality and power exuded off his form.
“That’s my guess, so he probably went to the Monster Bog like Bruce said.” Clint nodded and Natasha nodded with him.
Bucky and everyone swallowed a hard lump. Bruce had calmed down out of his hulk form and collapsed next to Sam. His tears flowed freely as he looked over his deceased friend. Sam wrapped the man in a one armed hug.
Steve glared at them as all his students stopped and looked back at the newcomers. Following Natasha and Clint into the room was a massive amount of tour attendees.
In the end, Tony was dressed in a two cloth chiton, with light blue as the base and gold as the accent cloth on the one half of his body. He also had a golden laurel placed on his head. Steve came out in a dark blue, almost black chiton, that had a yellow cloth tied around his hips and a yellow cape wrapped around his neck. He did not have a laurel on his head but instead had one of his swords strapped to his hip.
Tony strode into the alcove but the closer he got the smaller his steps became. His throat felt as if it was closing and he raised a hand to scratch at his covered scar. Letting out a shaky breath Tony gathered his courage.
3. I love the mental image of Loki trying so hard to fill these shitty job positions. Better put that silver tongue to use.
“You took his quest, his plea and threw it away. Nah! You actually threw it back in his face!” Thor raged, stomping over to Loki who stood his ground and glared.
He quickly and quietly ran towards his friends. His mind racing and pounding. His head was really hurting him now, both from what he just saw and the slight concussion.
Maria was in her room sleeping. Rhodey in his, passed out. The Avengers were in their respective guest rooms as Thor and Loki had been doing one of their sex fights in the  Avenger’s place. Steve and Tony had just recently finished an intense make out session that had been interrupted by said Avengers stomping in and claiming their rooms.
Once the apple landed the redhead rushed at Steve, appearing to be going for his legs. However, Steve had seen this tactic. He had done it when he was skinny. He’d look to be going for the bigger guys legs but then attack their top half, it put them off balance and surprised them. Steve countered her fake-out rush and thus remained standing and unsurprised. Instead surprise flickered across the woman’s eyes before she tried another tactic.
Bucky balked at Bruce, then something dawned on him and he looked at everyone else. All of them looked at him cautiously, carefully. “You think I made it up…” He breathed as the realization rolled over him.
The other Avengers seemed to snap out of their confused stupor and took a moment to check Sam over. Phil quickly took off to look for some medical equipment.
Tony groaned and continued to wring his hands nervously. He bit his lip and attempted to pace but Rhodey grabbed his shoulder and held him in place. Rhodey gave Tony a look of encouragement but it did nothing to calm the man’s nerves.
“...I feel like a keep failing everyone I love. I loved my parents and failed them. I loved Peggy and now I failed her to.” A beat of silence passed then Steve let out “I couldn’t save, or even help, any of them….I couldn’t do anything! I can’t do anything.”
However, to his friends he sounded deranged. Sam gave Steve a questioning look, but Steve shrugged. Lord Loki had denied him a deal and was upset with Thor over putting his True Hero idea out there. However other than that they never heard from the god. Thor advised them not to visit his temples which they hadn’t; but still, no divine retribution came to them in any form. If Loki really was targeting Steve, wouldn’t he have made an attack by now? And why go through Tony?
“So he’s human until he becomes angry and then he turns into the green monster, Hulk. General Ross doesn’t want him with his daughter so he’s been painting Bruce as only this great monster.” Steve surmised and Tony nodded at the accuracy.
Tony felt the room’s temperature increase a fraction and smiled. “Yup! A new ferry capable of carrying twice the amount of shades across Styx in half the time. Done, tested, and implemented.”
However, as Loki rolled his eyes he spotted something coming closer to the main entrance. Tony was telling Thor that he was fine when a portal opened beneath the shade, causing him to fall in.
“Tony?” Steve called from outside the brunette’s door. “Tony are you in there?” Silence answered him.
“WHAT?!” Loki screeched both as a question and in outrage at the thought of mortals just walking into Hel.
“That will keep him and Odin busy.” Loki explained, then a dark look came over his eyes. “I’m done hiding in the shadows.”
“I don’t know if we should be dropping in unannounced.” Steve said, yet he still followed his friends up the cliffside.
The Avengers pulled over and greeted them. A young child among the travelers asked where Thor was, much to their parents obvious embarrassment. The one mother began scolding their kid but Sam halted her.
“Well, I never liked bullys. I’ve always tried to stand up to them but,” He gestured to himself. “Never made much of a difference. So I guess I’ll now be able to stand up to them and make a difference.”
As Rhodey talked about everything going on in Hel. The thought that kept running through Tony’s head was ‘
Howard continued to shuffle the papers around then paused when he realised he didn’t hear any movement. “Steve?” Howard searched the room and found the thin blonde male just standing there, his eyes unfocused. Howard let out a heavy breath then walked over to the blonde. “Steve?” Howard asked in a more gentle tone.
Tonight had been scary. Steve had gotten to him. He was weak after his panic attack and couldn’t fend him off. Tony had even thought, had the audacity to almost beg Steve on not telling him his weakness. It turned out the “weakness” was a metaphorical one but still!
Tony continued knowing this was the belly of the beast. This was Amora’s biggest weakness. “Something to laugh at as you so desperately try to get Thor to just look at you!”
Rhodey studied him and shook his head. Yet he held his tongue. He could tell it was too late. Steve had somehow gotten under Tony’s skin. And that angered the centaur. That man had stolen Thor and thus turned Loki into a hostile porcupine. And if a god wasn’t enough he’s now taken Tony’s heart. But Tony’s heart was already damaged and never ruled over the brunettes head. Sometimes that thought drove Rhodey crazy, other times it makes him incredibly sad. Now, however, he was glad for it. Tony deserved a happy free life and to get that, he needed to use his head.
“Why don’t we start with you.” She pointed her finger at Steve and Tony pulled harder.  “Yes!” She smiled wider.
“I’m used to being sick, but Peg! Oh Peg!” Steve cried, “She’s always so strong and together! And even now, she’s trying so hard to protect everyone. Protect me.”
“But Dad!” Tony whined while dramatically throwing himself over Rhodey’s back. Rhodey then broke out into full on laughter.
“Look who’s talking.” He teased in a much friendlier tone than he had used with any of the Avengers.
Tony watched the reunion with a genuine smile. Then he heard movement next to him and turned to spot Steve coming to a stop about an arms length away from him. Steve also smiled at the reunion then turned and gave Tony a boyish grin.
“Really?” Sam had butted in. Bucky gripped his arm and gave him a glare that Sam returned and shook off before glaring at Tony. “You’re not inviting your
Betty then brought out more drinks and the conversation moved over to what everyone would prefer. Sam, meanwhile went over to Bucky and gave him a one armed hug which Bucky begrudgingly accepted.
Steve honestly pondered that. He hadn’t thought that far ahead. His mind went from one plan to the next in order to get Peggy back. That’s all his mind focused on, get Peggy back. But after, what would he do as a True Hero afterwards?
“I’ll ask again since you haven't answered,” Tony said in a loud -but not as loud as before- voice. “but will you
Some nights Tony would catch Steve looking at his scars with guilt, or mummering apologies along with 'I love yous'. So the scars were something they both struggled with. Also Steve's association of failure and the sea seemed to increase. So walks on the beach wasn't something they would often do, if ever. But with time things would get better.
“The bitch is right.” Tony cut in, not wanting to hear anymore from Amora. Amora glared at him but Tony kept talking. “I can’t handle people. I can handle any creature, any monster, anything like that. But I am NOT good with people.” Loki still looked unconvinced so Tony threw an arm out to Amora. “She’s better equipped for this.”
Phil returned with some proper medical bindings and salves. Once Sam’s leg was wrapped, he got up and leaned against Bucky in order to take some weight off his injured leg. Tony, meanwhile, looked out to the horizon and scrunched his face in frustration.
“Fine. 2 years, but no more than that.” Loki then gave Tony a rune stone and opened a portal for him.
That being said if someone could help me in getting rid of the giant spaces between paragraphs, please do so. I am lost. TWO THUMBS WAY WAY UP For deadgloves! THANK YOU SO MUCH for helping me with this!!!
However a chariot, not paying attention to the traffic guide, zoomed towards them. Clint saw the chariot approach and quickly yanked Steve out of the way. Steve blinked with wide eyes as the chariot zoomed past his face.
“Oh great.” Bucky muttered sarcastically then glanced back at Steve who was in the back of the group.
hurt him...at all! No biting, no nips, and no wrestling.” Fenrir nodded and Loki smiled then kissed the top of the wolf’s head. “There’s a good boy!”
“Don’t talk. Take a moment. Relax. I’ve got you.” And so Tony did. He just sat there for a moment and let himself get back to working order.
After a long silence passed Loki began to get irritated and was about to becken Fenrir just to be rid of the fidgeting shade in front of him; then Howard spoke up.
Tony didn’t push to go out to the land of the living again. He even started actively avoiding some shades as they couldn’t stop themselves from going on and on about what a hero Howard Stark was, how helpful and giving he was. It was as if the Howard Stark blockade that was on his life had been lifted and suddenly the man was inescapable. Shades talked of his giving nature, of how good a man he was. How he helped in the war and in rebuilding cities. Tony wanted to scream and did, often.
“Right. We can’t just barrel in - STEVE!” Bucky yelled, doing a double take as Steve barrelled into the fray.
“Bud.” Bucky said in a small voice as he knelt on Steve’s other side and grabbed the man’s shoulder in a show of solidarity.
“Don’t mother me, I’m fine.” He waved Steve’s hands away as he got into a sitting position. Both friends then sat on Bucky’s bed and stared at nothing for a few moments.
All eyes turned to her and she gave them a perplexed look. “How was that unexpected? You came here to get Peggy’s soul, correct?”
“Loki?” The sound of Thor opening some of the other doors in the hallway alarmed both Tony and Loki and they began to search more frantically.
They had gone out to a restaurant for some food but some fans had spotted Steve and tried to corner him. Tony had once again found a way for them to escape before they were overrun. They then stopped at a few clothing stands and created a makeshift disguise for Steve.
“A what?” Betty asked completely lost as to where that came from. And she was not alone, the other Avengers also looked confused; sans Steve who slapped his face in embarrassment.
Everyone then slipped into silence till they walked out of the Mist. Once out, everyone (sans Thor) felt a huge wave of exhaustion come over them.
“Tony baby.” The centaur interrupted tossing his head back. His long golden locks seemed to get caught in the breeze which made his hair flow behind him in beautiful cascades. However, the brunette man only folded his arms and gave the centaur an extremely unimpressed look.
“Right.” Tony said in a clipped tone which got a puzzled look from Steve. “Good thing I’m a fantastic escape artist!” He bragged quickly so as to change the subject. “That’s twice I got you out of a jam today.”
“Steve has been declared a True Hero by our Mother the goddess Frigga.” Thor explained. “He is using his boon to restore your life.”
“Always the hero.” Steve blushed and Tony laughed but that was quickly drowned out by the crowd’s cheers as they got closer.
The rest now came up to her and created a circle around the woman while she continued to cling to Clint. She looked each of them in the eye and begged for their help. However she never answered what she needed help with, she just kept begging for assistance.
1. So taking away everyone's biggest/obvious strength nerfs everyone EXCEPT Sam Badass Wilson. So for a while I was stuck on this. I kept wondering how can I nerf him?? Eventually it hit me, I would have to hurt him (my poor baby).
“You talk big, but you really have a good heart Tones.” Rhodey praised. Tony huffed and crossed his arms defiantly. “All that talk, people are bastards and untrustworthy. But the first chance you get to help someone. You jump on it….literally.” The centaur made a vague motion to Tony’s now injured ankle.
Tony began laughing, harshly and cruelly. Amora stopped her tirade against the small blonde and held up a hand to halt him as she turned to give Tony a look over her shoulder. Tony continued to laugh till it tampered off into a chuckle.
He didn’t have time to send word of his arrival to Loki, but he figured since it’d been so long since they last saw each other his lover wouldn’t mind.
Rhodey moved his body to fully block the door from Loki. Loki glared at him but the centaur just glared back.
“Oh gods.” Sam muttered then threw a quick pray to the goddess Sif. They may need to be prepared for an actual battle afterall.
“Don’t. Finish. That. Sentence!” Loki jabbed an angry finger at the blonde as his eyes turned red. “I am going to kill those mortals!”
Looking up he saw Bucky and Sam gesturing to their hips? They were also asking him something or maybe just talking to him but he couldn’t make it out with his head still throbbing. However they kept gesturing to their hips. Steve then glanced back at the centaur who was back to harassing the brunette. He then looked at the horse legs and put together what Sam and Bucky were trying to say. He gave them a thumbs up and then rushed at the centaur.
“I’d hold the position open until you are able to find a replacement, if that’s the only hold up.” Loki bargained from his seat on the throne.
“Well it’s getting late, I should probably return you before the Avengers come after me for kidnapping.” Tony joked and the blonde shook his head.
“I don’t have to look at all and you can wander Hel looking for one shade. How does that sound?” Loki snarled back.
“Steve came to the underworld to ask for a deal so that his intended Peggy can be raised back from the dead.” Tony’s heart stopped and his face took on one of pure shock and betrayal. “I refused to give him a deal, but Thor offered one in my place. Once he proves himself a True Hero, he will be escorted to Hel so that he can take his love Peggy back to the land of the living.”
“You do?!” Steve couldn’t keep the excitement out of his tone if he tried. “Then you’ll train me into becoming a True Hero?”
Sam was the next to bring it up, while they walked his and Bucky’s dog. The feeling overtook Steve and he went off.
The room was now completely black from the explosion that Tony had accidentally caused. All the furniture was either broken or in pieces. Tony’s face and body was also covered in black ash, but other than that he was whole and healthy.
“It’s fine Steve.” But the blonde could tell it wasn’t. “Don’t worry about it.” Tony put on a smile, that Steve did not believe was genuine. “Thanks for walking me home.”
Tony let a few seconds pass, “They didn’t lie.” Loki sucked a breath in through his nose. “You don’t believe Thor, fine! But Steve wouldn’t lie to me!”
Tony blinked and did a quick glance of everyone in the room. They all tried to look as if they weren’t watching them, save for Thor who openly watched them with a smile on his face.
“NO!” Steve fired back. “It was the map!” He waved the map in front of himself. “All he had to do was hand this off and it would have been the same result!”
“Hard to imagine this is all one town.” Steve mused aloud as he continued to gawk at the city around him.
2. This is as close to Steve!afraid of water/ice as I could get. He’s not really afraid but the sea it’s a reminder to him that he won’t have a house on the water with Peggy because he failed her, like he failed his parents. Looking at it brings him back to the lowest point in his life.
The blonde cupped Tony’s cheek and pulled the brunette's face towards his shoulder and clung to him. He then let sobs rack through his body as he clung to Tony’s lifeless form.
“I know!” Tony shouted back, then took a few moments and composed himself. “I know that.  He’s just a different type of hero.” Tony shrugged. “...It was nice to see.” Rhodey made to say something but Tony gave him a look. “Don’t start.” He warned.
Tony snorted and gave Bucky a haughty confident look. “Actually centaurs are as complex as humans. Broad overall statements like that are kind-of offensive. You should
The next day, Bucky was feeling better, not 100%, but better. Steve was lying on the floor by his bed on top of a mountain of pillows he had dragged in from one of the common rooms. Steve made no signs of being awake but Bucky could tell the blonde was up.
Tony shook his head in the negative. “Fine, I’ll drop it. We’ll go with your plan Captain.” He stood up and continued talking as he made his way to the doorway. “Save Asterion, save Minos, and save face!”
Loki extended his arms in a “there you have it” fashion. Tony’s eyes darted around, unfocused, as he tried to get a grasp on everything. He let out a shuddering breath and Loki’s eyes softened.
The beast had originally gave the city a wide berth as it smelled the Hydra sleeping just underneath/outside the city area. However, after it was defeated the lion felt safe to try it’s luck on the city.
Thor turned his downtrodden face towards Tony and looked liked someone just stole his favorite sweet. “I apologize if I overwhelmed you, it was not my intention.”
“He didn’t come here for Peggy. He came here for Tony.” Pepper explained still shielding Steve and the other Avengers behind her.
“Seriously?! You never noticed that Jörmungandr is afraid of you! Your lightning and thunder scare him!” Tony groaned and a look of enlightenment took over Thor’s features.
Natasha sat down in order to catch her breath. Meanwhile, Steve was bent over with his hands on his knees.
Natasha was nodding in agreement and even Clint looked to be seriously thinking Bucky's words over. Bruce however had his brows knit in frustration, as did Sam.
“Thor my darling!” She greeted cheerfully. “What a surprise!” She made her way to him but Thor side stepped her.
Panting, Loki’s head fell forward to his own chest. A gasp then tore itself from his throat when Thor grabbed one of his horns and yanked his head back. The gasp quickly turned into a moaned. Thor then began to thrust into Loki in earnest.
“We go in, get Asterion out, make it look like we killed him. Then we tell the king we sacrificed the Minotaur’s body to the gods.”
“I own you, what you want doesn’t matter.” Loki said coldly causing Tony to physically flinch and avert his gaze to the floor.
The crowd of people who had leapt out of the way of the disappearing heroes, quickly ran after them, along with the guards the group had robbed.
As the Ferry got closer the Avengers could see that at the front of the ship stood a female shade. She seemed to relax upon seeing them all at the riverbank. She then turned towards a covered area of the Ferry, where presumably the captain was, and yelled something that the Avengers couldn’t quite hear.
Thank you ALL again for your comments and kudos! It makes me happy knowing people are enjoying my fic :D
“You gotta remember you’re a god.” Clint joked while flicking a piece of bread at the now pouting god. “You can’t just, you know. BAM! Go all out on people.”
“We should head to the City Guard's office. See if they need assistance with anything.” Sam reasoned and the group nodded in agreement.
Amora then growled and threw a dirty glare at Tony’s slumped form. “You horrible, rotten thing!” She cursed “I hope you enjoyed your
“Yeah.” Tony then realized his entire chest was exposed thanks to Ty. “A little underdressed, but ok.” He then began to try and tie the front and back parts of his chiton together.
So in trying to fix up Hel, raise a teenager, and oversee all his new hires he came to the conclusion that he required some assistance and thus asked his friend for help. Amora’s job was a managerial type position. She was to oversee all the creatures in charge of mitigating souls. She was to ensure they were properly categorizing souls. Ensuring that souls which should be punished, were; and the other souls stayed in the section they were supposed to (content souls in the Field of Content Souls, regretful souls in the Canyon of Regretful Souls, etc).
From what they saw he could tell Loki did care about Tony. However, Thor knew better than anyone how Loki could be with emotions and relationships of any sort.
“Thor it’s my beseechment, not yours.” He tried to pull his arm free but Thor resisted. “Besides I won’t be long, as I said I’m going to kill them then come back.” He smiled a cruel smile and Thor frowned.
After Thor had left Hel, Loki had laid down a new rule to Tony and Rhodes. Thor was not to know of Tony living in Hel.
Fenrir shrunk down to a puppy size and pawed at Loki’s feet in excitement. Loki smiled and then he reached out his hand, Fenrir grew so his head would be at the same level as Loki’s hand so the god wouldn’t have to bend over.
3. New Thebe’s City is New York City slapped into Greece, hence why I added “New” onto Thebes. Is this historically/geographically accurate? No. Do I care? No.
Amora had duplicated herself and made herself look like a few weak/disheveled mortals. Her duplicates were in careful positions under the rocks they had planted. Once all her duplicates were free, the Hydra would be unleashed.
Now after recently passing the 3 year mark Erskine appeared to only be running them through drills. There didn’t appear to be anymore lessons, just repeated practice. Eventually one night he came up to the group with a round of drinks and announced he believed they were ready to leave the island.
“I’ve thought about this for...a long time now.” Steve confessed still staring at the rings. “Peggy told me not to go after her.” A deep inhale “She said to only carry her ring, nothing else.” He swallowed a large lump in his throat and Sam got up to sit next to his friend.
“They’ve definitely been with Thor, look at those moves.” Amora muttered taking stock of the mortals. Loki growled at her comment and glared harder at the battle.
Suddenly Bucky stopped in his tracks and let out a few swears. Natasha and Steve shared a confused look but couldn’t see anything wrong.
“Please!” Bucky stressed shoving Steve lightly. “We can turn this around for you.” At Steve’s less than believing stare, Bucky only puffed up his chest. “You have the Master of Seduction on your side now.”
After a few more words were exchanged. Rhodey, Tony, and Jarvis had convinced Loki that Tony and himself would benefit from Tony spending some time and energy up in the land of the living. Tony was vibrating with excitement at Loki’s agreement. But it was dampened when Loki announced he wouldn’t let Rhodey go with him. Instead he would be accompanied by a disguised underworld minion. He was also only allowed out for the remainder of the current day, at 7pm he would be transported back to Hel.
To escape the chaos Tony climbed up to where Amora and Loki were and then quickly looked back towards Steve and his friends as they danced around the monster.
Loki was around 18 now so Tony and Rhodey called the airports nearby and made sure to have them check for Loki and not allow him to board any planes. Then they were all on foot and in cars scouring New York for the teenager.
“Speaking of blood and...stuff.” Bruce chimed in then pointed at Tony. “Are we sure we don’t want to bring him with us? Tony, you said so yourself, Asterion’s killed people to defend himself. If we bring you he’s sure not to attack us. Without you...it’s kind of a gamble, right?”
Suddenly the group could hear the sound of quickly approaching feet. Immediately everyone stood up and turned towards the doorway. Then they all gaped at the sight of Steve holding Tony over his shoulder.
“Actually I do.” Tony replied with another smug smile. He turned back to Steve and took up a more serious tone. “Bruce is a nice guy. He’s trying to cope with his curse and no amount of property damage can be worth his life.”
“It’s the crowd!” Bruce deduced. Sam, Bucky, and Clint immediately formed a barrier around Tony and Steve and began ushering the crowd back.
He and his friend Riley were tasked by their king to rid the land of a gorgon that repeatedly terrorized the Temple of Brunnhilde and turned all the temple goers to stone. Since the Temple was a spot for many pilgrimages the gorgon never seemed to run out of victims. No matter what the people did they could never stop the gorgon from coming to the temple everyday and killing everyone inside.
“Probably.” Sam answered with a shrug. “But I get what you mean. I want to put that training to the test.”
“Phil,” Steve then took on a more gentle tone “Betty,” Betty looked at him and bit her lip. Steve gave her a reassuring smile “I need you two to go to Nick Fury. Brief him of the situation and help him get the civilians into shelters.”
“More like pay-as-you-go mercenaries.” Clint shrugged. “We provide a protection service and get paid for each time we save someone.”
Sam had flown over Tony’s house to check on them and saw the two passed out. He didn’t bother disturbing them, he simply turned around and went back to tell the Avengers they were OK.
It happened upon their city like a plague. What caused it or the rapid spread of it was not known but it had claimed many lives. Once the disease started spreading all of Steve’s friends immediately began to worry about him. Peggy, Howard, and Bucky had kept him indoors and in as sterile environments as possible. They were lucky that none of them or their family had been touched by the disease but then Peggy began to cough. It developed quickly after that and she pushed them all away. She wouldn’t take them down with her, she had said.
More people began filing into the gorge but they all hung back, seeming to want to see these 5 people in action.
Steve waited for Tony to show up for their date but when an hour passed, the blonde began to get worried. So Sam and him flew over to Tony’s place. Steve knocked on the door but received no response. He then decided to just enter, all the while calling out for Tony to please answer him.
“NO!” Steve shouted as he stood. He couldn’t breath. “No no no no. I can’t. I CAN’T!” He sat back down and put his head in between his knees. “I….” After his breathing was under control he looked up. Silence. Horror, sympathy, and rage was on a variety of peoples faces. He couldn’t look at Tony, but from his stiff legs and still hands, Steve knew. “I’m sorry….Tony, I’m SO so sorry…I…”
Tony screeched, holding his arms out in front of himself as if keeping them away. The three all kept talking over each other, each getting louder and louder as they tried to explain their brief silence. After Tony’s screech, the three men immediately ceased talking and Tony took an exaggerated breath.
“Amora is not in my head! No one can manipulate me!” He seethed then whipped back around towards his target stalagmite.
Thaddeus Ross, had been a General in the Great War. He had since retired and fairly recently moved into New Thebes City with his daughter Betty. He had reported that the Green Beast or “Hulk”, had been harassing him and his daughter. He had hired mercenaries to take care of it but they had merely driven the creature into Monster Bog.
“Tony,” Natasha started. “We aren’t sleeping with Thor.” She then pointed at Bucky with her thumb. “Bucky is sleeping with Sam.”
Bucky beamed with pride as he began to talk about some of the fighting techniques he had learned in his lessons.
“No!” Tony bit back. “I don’t. But I do know that we’ll need him. So we need to go beseech him.” With that Tony began walking towards Thor’s temple.
Steve stopped moving and glared as hard as he could at Tony. Tony meanwhile walked up the steps of the temple. However, just before entering he threw the blonde another look from over his shoulder.
Howard swallowed a lump in his throat and seemed to shrink into himself for a moment. Then he let out a long breath and looked right at Steve.
Time went on and more wedding planning took place. Some helped Bruce and Betty (who now came to the weekly meetings), others helped Tony. Steve answered some questions and put in his opinion occasionally but never directly planned anything.
“In related news we need to formulate a proper battle plan.” Bucky’s finger hit the table and he leaned forward, his face reflecting that of a general preparing a strike force.
The Avengers waited to see if more information would follow, but Pepper appeared to be done talking. They all glanced at each other before Steve took charge.
Tony grimaced and gave his friend an ‘are you kidding me’ look. Happy shrugged and let out an awkward laugh.
Tony gave an exaggerated roll of his eyes then walked through the door without opening it. That sight sucked all the air from Loki’s lungs. His breath hitched as he tried to stop a cry from escaping his mouth. After ensuring he was alone. Loki collapsed onto his throne and hid his face in his hands.
“Yes.” Loki  lounged on his throne now, feeling he’s tested Howard’s desperate ‘anything’ as far as it could go. “You must bring back to me either your wife or your son.”
2. Fenrir and Tony are adorable. And Fenrir turning into an excited puppy when he notices Tony is around is so adorable to me.
“We’ve told you.” The guard bit out while moving his horse up. “Any time a natural disaster is witnessed you must fill out a report.”
“We have to leave.” Steve ordered glancing at each Avenger. “Loki said he’s only targeting us. So we have to make sure the city’s not caught in the crossfire.”
“No.” Loki said bluntly and Tony’s heart sank at the sight of blue overtaking Loki’s body. “I have been targeting Steve because he was the catalyst, the start of this. But all of them have turned Thor from me. All of them should pay!” Red eyes glared at the direction of the city. “And so I need all their weaknesses.” Tony went to speak but Loki turned his glare over to him, effectively shutting the brunette up. “A year will be more than enough time for you to learn or pry their weaknesses from them.”
“Did any of you listen to me?! Jörmungandr can’t be hurt by weapons and you can’t pin him down. We need Thor.”
“You expect him to be able to entice anyone?!” Amora was beyond offended and moving quickly into absolutely livid.
Steve’s entire body felt like it was on fire. It was like enduring the pain of the transformation all over again. Still he popped his head up as quickly as he could and glared at the god.
Loki gave him an appraising look then summoned The Scepter of the Dead. Everyone instinctively gasped and went on edge. Loki studied the Scepter then looked over towards Steve. The god’s eyes were smug, as if he had just proved his point. Steve’s eyebrows twitched in frustration and he took a step forward. Thor smiled at his friend and then moved to stand beside the blonde mortal. Loki glared at Thor then held the Scepter in front of Steve.
However her smugness quickly fell away when Steve pushed and was able to take two steps forward. She glared at the blonde and poured more of her power out; but then directed her anger back to Tony.
The Avengers were silent and Steve audible swallowed as Tony let his words sink in. After about 30 seconds of absolute silence, Tony folded his arms again.
That night Rhodey had to go back to Hel. He gave Tony a long and firm hug and promised to try and visit again soon.
Bucky thought incredulously as he looked the struggling brunette over.  He turned to Sam who also raised a skeptical eyebrow and then to Steve. The blonde was acting all flustered and now was taking off his cape.
“Everything.” Steve answered without hesitation. “I know what Loki told Tony, but it’s not true. I love him! And I came here to use my boon to give him his life.” Pepper couldn’t seem to stop smiling, and it appeared infectious as all the Avengers were now smiling. “Do you know where he is?” Steve asked hopefully.
“I would rather not think of the Lord of Dead like that.” Pepper stated diplomatically. Tony gave a her a cheeky grin and she shook her head in exasperation.
“I closed the door then walked back to clean up, but stopped in my garden.” He began to walk towards the Avengers and Bucky lowered Sam’s sword. “And yeah I was talking to Loki” He threw an arm out and jabbed it at the statue’s direction. “The statue! I live alone here, so sometimes I talk to inanimate objects. I know I’m not the only person who does this. But whatever, throw a sword at me!” Tony made a show of splaying out his arms and gesturing to his chest. “And yes I was talking about Steve, since you’re
Meanwhile the rest of Steve’s friends came up around his back and looked at the distraught brunette curiously (minus Bucky who stared at him with indifference).
Which was true. Often times the Avengers didn’t actually have to fight monsters anymore. Tony would accompany them and be able to find out what the actual problem was. Not to say Tony could talk down all creatures, and sometimes he gets...too close to them.
” Tony yelled back with such conviction and pure anger that everyone was taken aback and shocked into silence.
“I was punished for your misdoings!” She shouted clearly, for all to hear. “But in that punishment I found a gift.” She looked at Asterion and smiled. “My son.” She then turned to glare at Minos. “I couldn’t help him much then but I can now!” She turned to the court and gathered crowd. “What the Avengers say is true! Every word of it! I will not be silent anymore!” She turned and sent a glare full of hatred at Minos. “I will protect my son from you in every way that I can!”
“Really?” Tony asked unkindly. “Everytime you’ve suggested something, he’s shot it down. Everytime you’ve done something, he reverses it. What part of that sounds like he needs you?”
The Avengers had wrapped things up in Crete. Queen Pasiphae had been placed as the sole ruler, Minos was jailed for his abuse, and Asterion was slowly adjusting to his new life. They then made their way back to New Thebes City. Once there, Tony quickly fled to his home; citing he needed a break from all the excitement. And now, two days after returning home, Tony still couldn’t figure out how to get himself out of trouble.
Rhodey opened his mouth to share his thoughts but a ball of green light distracted him. “Uh-oh. Speak of the god.”
He wasn’t a glory hoarding hero. He listened to others, took advice and kept an open mind. He was willing to throw his reputation and glory to the fire if it meant doing the right thing. He did what was right because it was the right thing to do. He was a True Hero.
“I’m glad.” Thor said gently as he ran his fingers through Loki’s disheveled hair a few times. He then chuckled as he ran into a snag. “Your hair is like Bucky’s.” Loki stiffened immediately but Thor didn’t seem to notice. “It’s all matted and tangled.”
Jarvis was thrilled Tony was getting his chance for full on freedom, a sentiment a Pepper agreed with but she said no more on the subject. Tony could tell she didn’t like what Loki was having him do, but Tony didn’t dwell on that. Jarvis pointedly never mentioned Tony’s price but talked excitedly about all the things Tony would be able to do with his freedom.
“Ah, yes….” Thor scratched the side of his face. When Thor failed to elaborate, the three mortals shared confused glances but Thor only coughed into his hand. “Didn’t you say something about a drink?”
“I’m proving this to you!” Steve stated in a no nonsense tone. Tony only groaned in response and seemed to flop more of his weight onto the blonde in retaliation.
Loki could vaguely hear Amora ranting about something being for nothing and that she’d kill, presumably the Avengers, anyway. But all of that faded to the background as Loki took Tony in.
The woman’s -whos form Steve had just corrected- tightened her grip on the practice spear and did the practice jab in the air in front of her.
“No!” Tony rushed, “Just… not something I thought you’d pick.” He confessed almost hesitantly, but Steve just gave a small smile in return.
yourself at him. You try to seduce him all the time!” Tony let out an incredulous laugh. “But Loki does nothing to you?!”
A hoof nailed Steve in the chest and he went soaring back to the edge of the river. Steve immediately made to get up but had to grab his head as his world spun. Distantly he heard the centaur laughing.
Loki summoned a floating circle of sorts. In the circle was an image of Tony leaning over the cliffside watching the Avengers make their way away from his house:
“Why does Loki want us dead, when he knows we didn’t sleep with Thor? Why did Tony say he didn’t report anything, when Loki clearly knew all of our greatest strengths and how to put us in a disadvantage? How did Tony know about Peggy? Why did Tony doubt my feelings? How did Loki own Tony? How....How did all this happen?!”
Bucky and Steve finally made it to the entrance of the Palace of Hel. Walking in they found themselves in a grand throne room. The only issue was that the throne was empty.
“Then with the Avengers here. None of them are even sleeping with Thor, but he was still so mad that he wanted to kill them.” Tony met Amora’s glare with a look of mockery “But nothing to Amora.” Her shoulders rose as did her fury.
“Son of a bitch!” Amora yelled and Loki had begun turning blue in anger as the second head fell limp.
Thor gave them his word he would be gentle with his deliverables then promised to return and took off.
Loki was wrong! He was now on a pointless mission! This was all a waste of time! Once Loki learns this, he’ll be so mad and….and.
Tony and Loki held each others gazes. In his mind, Loki counted down the seconds it would take before Tony’s curiosity won him over. Right on the mark Tony asked.
They had gone back to Hel and Tony grabbed some of his things and told Rhodey, Jarvis, and Pepper about what had transpired.
Everyone remained silent as they stared at the huffing brunette. Rhodey looked at Pepper then Steve and seemed to reassess the blonde. Loki glanced from Bucky to Thor, who gave Loki an imploring look. Loki quickly looked away.
And I will post the first chapter after I post Chap 23. Since the prequel contains some Tony and Loki bonding I figure that’ll be the perfect time to post a few chapters. >:3
“Did you hear that?” Steve asked, heeding the voice’s advice and stopping in his tracks. Bucky stopped as well and both looked around to find the source.
“The best course of action is still for him to talk with Lord Thor.” Tony groaned again but Pepper spoke over it. “What he’s doing now is just hurting innocent people that had nothing to do with this.”
When Thor opened his eyes he was in his temple in New Thebes City and in front of him was Tony, and….Steve?
They were answered back with denials and some creatures offered up details of other humans who ventured into the Bog but none of the descriptions matched Tony.
They stopped where the ferry usually picks up new souls then the taller one pointed onwards while the smaller one pointed to the river.
“OH! Come on!” Bucky shouted, his patience with this situation at an end. “This is stupid! Look!” Bucky jabbed a finger at Loki. “We haven’t ever slept or done anything romantic with Thor! We’re not interested!” Bucky then grabbed Sam’s shoulder. “I’m with Sam!” Then Bucky jerked his head towards Natasha and Clint. “They’re together or have an arrangement of some sort! And He,” He pointed at Steve “Loves Tony!” A beat of silence passed. “I’m not explaining it again. This is stupid, whole situation’s dumb.” He muttered the last part with a roll of his shoulders.
“...To-To see the man he...” Maria continued crying and shaking “He could have been! I cannot! Please! I cannot bear it!”
“I’m sorry I put you in that place.” He said it so earnestly and full of meaning that Tony felt his heart do a small jump.
“See? They always come crawling back.” For reasons unknown to Steve or Erskine, Bucky burst out laughing at this, and shoved the gods shoulder.
“Steve!” Tony cried as Steve hit his sweet spot. The blonde then kept hitting it over and over, and Tony draped his arms around Steve’s shoulders to pull his face in. “Faster!” He moaned and Steve complied.
The parents hushed their child again, the other mom giving herself a face palm as her wife tried to hush their kid. The Avengers, however, chuckled and Steve went to answer but said man interrupted them.
Thor gave a haughty smirk and began to thrust his quickly hardening dick against Loki’s ass. “Good.”
“I guess I can forgive you for your buffoonery. Now that this is all behind us.” His tone was firm but he trailed his hand softly up Thor’s body till it landed on his cheek.
Suddenly the mist began to form an 8 year old Tony, a young Rhodey, and Loki in a lounging room in the Palace.
“A mark of your death.” Loki explained “You will have to wear it so Hel knows when you die that you are simply reclaiming your earlier spot.”
“Well we only know his first name so maybe you have heard of him. We just don’t know it yet.” Sam put in, earning a nod of agreement from Clint.
“Perhaps prolonged exposure in Hel affects mortals this way?” Thor wondered but Steve shook his head.
“Surely Loki did not let Tony live in...terrible discomfort?” Thor hedged his question uncomfortably.
Tony’s eyebrows had already been up when Steve covered his mouth but now they jolted into his hairline. He made to protest this. He didn’t want it, didn’t want Steve to say it. And that gave Tony, himself, pause.
Steve then tried to pull Tony to a standing position. However that only resulted in Tony glancing at Howards stone face.
“Loki!” Tony breathed, shocked at seeing the god not only casually relaxing at his place but also the fact that he was pale and not blue and angry. “What are you doing here?”
Everyone appeared shocked by that; Steve looked panicked and completely distraught. That sight made Amora giggle in happiness and she even clapped her hands in a show of joy. “That’s what I wanted. Devastation!” She smiled and then gave a ‘go on’ gesture.
“Really? You didn’t listen to me when I was alive and you’re still going to deny me, even though I’m dead?”
“You?! You have no authority here!” He laughed and gestured to Hel. “This is not your realm. You have no deal you could offer.”
5. Disclaimer: Listen I appreciate constructive criticism but please do not give it. I know you’re not saying it to be mean or hurtful or whatever but honestly I’ve got a full time job and an extremely busy life (hence why it’s taken so long to even write this) so no I haven’t proof-read everything seven hundred times over or wrote this as if it would be published into a novel. There’s gonna be errors and viewpoint changes and some other shit. Please don’t comment on it, I do not have the time to really care/change these things. So I appreciate where you’re coming from but please appreciate where I’m coming from and just read the fanfic I have written in my very sparse free time :)
Fenrir ran into the Palace of Hel and ran right by Loki. Heading straight to where his treats were in the kitchen of the Palace.
“Well well, look who’s now interfering in your personal AND work life.” Amora taunted and Loki threw a glare at her.
“You have been the one always keeping everything from me!” Thor yelled. “But you doubt me? I should doubt you! Words mean nothing to you! How am I to know you have not broken our promise?!”
“But I’m not a True Hero.” Steve said in a voice that was rough from crying. He then absently ran a hand through Tony’s hair and gave another sorrowful look at the brunette in his arms.
Maria looked up at him as tears continued to pour down her face. Tony’s own tears sprung back up to his eyes as he moved closer to her. He tried to keep them at bay but when he went to explain he was alive, a sob overtook him. Startled as he couldn't seem to control himself. Tony stopped and clutched his chest as he tried to stave off his tears so he could explain. He felt a desperation overtake him as he tried harder and harder to get his emotions in check. He had to make her see. He had to touch her. He was alive and wouldn’t leave her. He had to get her to see that!
“Wish I could offer some advice, but as you know. I’m not in good standing with my partner's parents either.”
A few months later, Bucky and Sam had gotten a dog together. Both guys weren’t into the idea of marriage.  Plus they had been together for so long they were already considered a married couple. So to solidify their partnership they got a dog. Clint, who had his own dog (Lucky), was ecstatic because now Lucky had a playmate. Pepper and Happy were in the middle of moving in together and Bruce was just showing off the engagement ring he had bought for Betty. An idea started to buzz around in Tony’s head and a feeling began to form in Steve.
“Then I’ll drag you back to Hel. And you will remain there for the rest of your life. And when you die you will spend the rest of eternity there! Is that what you want?!” Loki screamed, his eyes looking angry and desperate.
“Oh! Now I see why you didn’t return my calls.” Thor let the door close behind him then made his way over to his lover. “This is truly a
“So you want to make sure it doesn’t corrupt me.” Steve poised it as a question but they both knew it wasn’t.
“Oh you’re not?” Loki asked with fake innocence. “You just believe Steve when he says he’s not sleeping with Thor. Which works out great because apparently he loves you. Which works out fantastic for him because that got you to jump in his bed. I see that hickey on your neck!” Loki jutted out a finger to point at the mark.
A year passed. Jan and Hank had moved back to the US a few months back and now we’re at the alter saying their vows. Tony gave Steve a small wave from his spot as a groomsmen. At the reception the music and drinks flowed freely and everyone danced and partied till the Hall closed. The weekly meetings had been brought back to Tony’s mansion after the couple got back together and everyone still tried their best to attend.
Amora’s shoulders rose in anger then she turned and stormed off. Tony watched her leave then slowly turned back to Loki who now had all his focus on Tony.
People. For 3 months he’d be alone surrounded by people, living people. Something he was not used to and unsure he was prepared to handle.
“There!” Bucky pointed high up across the river at a four-legged creature which the voice seemed to be coming from.
They played a few more rounds of fetch till Tony was out of arrows. Then when Fenrir returned Tony pet the wolf and Fenrir preened at the attention.
Steve had tossed Tony up onto the horse (as if he weighed nothing), jumped on in front of the brunette and then pushed the horse into a gallop. Tony had immediately latched onto Steves waist and plastered himself against the blondes back.
“And nothing in here.” Natasha said after doing a search of the washroom. “Did you find anything Clint?” She pitched her voice to carry down the hall.
Later Maria woke Tony up and they had exactly what Howard said, a nice family breakfast. After breakfast Howard told Tony he’d be coming with him to help out in the war. Tony had been ecstatic. He was still so young and sheltered, he didn’t know the true tragedy of war. He was merely excited to help his father and country in the only way he knew how. He raced to his room and asked his mom to help him pack all his notes and plans that he had already written up.
Bucky now had a teasing tone and Bruce coughed to hide a laugh. Tony meanwhile looked bewildered and confused. He did not know how to even begin handling this situation.
The blonde began pistoning his hips up into Tony at the same time he brought the brunette down. Tony and Steve moaned then sealed their lips together in a messy, teeth crashing kiss.
“They can have it, if it means getting Tony back!” Steve said with some of the panic he’s been keeping at bay leaking in.
Tony was currently trying to crouch down to the floor. His breathing was unsteady and coming out in short gasps, he was also shaking all over.
After some time, the chains on Rhodes and magic over his mouth disappeared with a wave of Loki’s hand as the god returned to his throne. Rhodes made to open his mouth but Loki beat him to the punch.
Tony rubbed the place between his eyebrows and shook his head. He needed a vacation from this madness. “I’m sure Thor and Odin will love that.”
“I’ve been trying to get them to help,” Tony stepped out of Steve’s space and threw an accusatory arm back to the 3 guards. “But they won’t listen to me.”
“Everyone?! WHAT?!” Steve screeched releasing Tony’s one hand so as to run a hand through his own hair.
Loki looked the image of the Avengers over then snarled again and broke the pot with his bare hands. He then began destroying more and more of the pots and plates. Tony let out a heavy breath through his mouth, glanced back at the Avengers who looked to be giving their own speech now and rolled his eyes. He then turned to Loki and shook his head at the god as he frosted over a plate.
“Awesomeness!” A voice answered from the trees. Suddenly a short haired blonde man dropped down from a nearby tree. “Pure awesomeness.”
Long ago Loki only held the title god of mischief, now however, he was the god of Mischief and the Dead. A punishment from his “father” Odin (King of all gods) for daring to turn and hold Thor's gaze. The story goes further than that but Loki didn’t care to relive that whole ordeal. Now he only briefly fantasized about being just the god of Mischief and thus free to frolic in the land above causing chaos and weaving lies as he traveled. Not chained here in Hel as god of the Dead, who was constantly tied to his throne and thus the confining place that is Hel.
Steve nodded and Erskine pulled a vial out from his chiton. Even though the bottle was held perfectly still, the contents appeared to be in constant motion. The water looked like waves constantly trying to crash upon a beach. It was also a pure blue, lighter than any water Steve or Bucky had seen before.
“Nah,” Tony waved the offer away. “Ever since that one time, Loki and I decided it was best for me to not have any connections to the underworld. Just in case.”
“Relationship?!” Tony finally yelled. “We only talked for a few SECONDS! That’s barely an acquaintanceship!”
Tony then explained how he had used his time in Hel to learn various fighting styles, culture normalities, languages, and other such stuff from souls from all over the world. When Tony had spoken in another language at the Avengers request, Steve had flushed scarlet. Tony winked at him and made a note to use that information later.
Amora would demand Tony bring her wine and then she’d pour her glass on the floor and demand he clean it. She’d demand he bring her some items that were often within walking distance. She’d hound his sleep by waking him up and making him do some fetch quests. In public she’d demean him, address him as Loki’s slave, and throw wine at him. One particular instance of this was while Thor was visiting. She had gone out of her way to travel to the Monster Village where Tony was, and demanded he pour her wine which she had brought with her. Once he filled her cup, she grabbed the bottle and dumped all the contents on the young mortal. A few monsters growled and looked ready to try and attack the witch but abstained. If not because of self preservation, then because Tony splayed out his hand in a stop motion to subtle signal them to leave it.
“No, gods no!” Steve shook his head at the very thought. “It’s the story of Odin and the Jotunns of old.” Tony gave Steve a genuinely surprised look. “...what? Bad choice?”
“Yes.” Rhode said sharply. Steve looked startled at the centaurs brisk tone but the centaur only gave him a blank stare.
“I think this was just the perfect storm.” Steve offered almost apprehensively.  “Your head wound, your hatred of Tony, the long day.” He rattled off but stopped at Bucky’s frustrated groan.
“NO!” Amora threw up her arms, putting up another layer of magic around her; thus causing everyone to halt in their tracks.
“Loki!” Tony greeted with a fake smile, hoping to stay off the gods anger. “It’s not as bad as it looks.”
Tony flinched imperceptibly but Rhodey caught it and raised an eyebrow. Tony popped up and moved towards the doorway leading to the kitchen.
“Finally!” The ogre boomed happily and gave the female shade a smile. “Thank you Pepper! You are truly too good for this realm. ”
Not the smartest thing, and definitely not the safest but it was the right thing. Tony had been right and he helped Steve realize that.
The last time Howard had seen her, it was a shock. The independent capable woman he had known was replaced by a frail but still stubborn girl.
“If I wasn’t clear we’ll take your weapons as payment if you don’t have the coin.” The woman added, her hands going to her hips.
“I can’t believe you know Lord Thor!” Clint gushed, the thought of knowing a god personally was mind boggling and beyond his imagination.
!” He then jabbed a finger at Steve. “And YOU! You break into my realm, into my home! Then you demand a deal from me!” Ice juted up near the small blonde. “I will end you!”
“Nay. I am not.” Thor confessed then ran a hand through his hair. “I have been trying to figure out how Loki could have owned Tony.”
“Oh is that right?!” Steve snapped, finally looking at Tony. His blue eyes were filled with anger, frustration, and pain. “This!” Steve pointed towards his head. “Is my
“You-?! O-one?! No! It-It’s...You know I had a ton of people falling for me back home!” Steve only continued to laugh so Bucky hit him in the face with a pillow. “And your count’s wrong! It’s been more than one here!”
“I shouldn’t have left him alone! Everyone knew we would be at that event! And we’ve been dating publicly for months now! He was a prime target and I left him alone and unprotected!”
“Fine. You don’t have to, but I am.” Tony teased but Steve just looked more aggravated and continued to keep his eyes straight ahead. “....you really don’t see it do you?”
“Yes!” Bucky proclaimed in a self-righteous manner. “Stevey do you know how many people I’ve had in my bed?”
“...I trust it.” Steve stated firmly then made his way back towards the riverside. Bucky groaned but followed him.
When Tony’s shade had finally made his way to the ferry on Styx, the ferryman -an ogre Tony had nicknamed Happy- broke down. Happy brought him up into the helm of the ship. For awhile Happy just cried while Tony’s soul attempted to comfort his friend.
“Oh gods.” Tony mumbled his face and ears turning red. Bruce was now turned away and laughing into his hand and Bucky continued on.
The Mists of Knowledge had ensnared many shades and creatures. As the name implies the Mists of Knowledge shows knowledge. Visions of possible futures, glimpses into the past, answers to any questions, anything travelers wanted to know it would show them. It seeped into their minds and pulled them in further and further till they were lost for all time.
“Why don’t you talk to Thor?” Tony said as he slowly made his way over to the seething blue god. “You can’t believe that he’s actually cheating on you.”
“No!” Happy jumps in as he steered the ferry. “You’re still living, it just took your energy. Us living creatures can gain energy back. You know? From naps and food and rest. Shade’s don’t get that luxury. Once all their energy is gone it’s gone.”
However, over Natasha’s shoulder Loki noticed Betty. Betty kept glancing at the sky behind Loki. She appeared to be scanning it and Loki let an evil smile climb onto his face.
Tony meanwhile, jumped off the centaurs back. He winced as he landed on his ankle wrong but hobbled away from his friend and continued shouting.
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked his eyes already looking Tony over for any injuries or sign of a fight/struggle.
“Get me more recruits.” He ordered then turned to head back to his throne room, Tony following after him. “Those humans need to die. Each and every one of them. Get me monsters that will destroy them.”
At that Steve’s shy smile dropped and he studied the ground with an intense, stormy look in his eyes.
“Loki!” Thor gasped in despair. He had underestimated Loki’s hurt. He had thought Loki was just angry, he should have known Loki was hiding his hurt behind his anger. Loki should have talked with him. Why did he not just talk to him?!
“Look it’s not my fault!” Tony cried. “It’s all thanks to this wonder-boy Steve Rogers!” Tony held the blue cape forward as if it proved his point.
Time heals all wounds but no one ever said time healed them quickly. A year later, Tony could look back at the Civil War and see all the signs he missed in his blissful state that something was wrong. He regretted never asking Steve about it.
“Okay. Alright. You’re right.”  Steve placated gently as he tried to get Tony to look at him. “It’s not ok, but you’re here. You’re safe. You’re right here. It’s just us.” He said as he rubbed the brunette’s tense and trembling back in soothing circles.
“What was that?!” Bucky yelled, springing out of his hiding place; Sam followed behind him shaking his head in disbelief.
“That’s what doesn’t make sense.” Thor ran a hand down his face. “Loki has dominion over all deceased mortals. Those are his to do what he wants with. But! All living mortals are under my protection. How did Tony, a living mortal, fall into Loki’s hands?”
“I have faith in you.” Loki put a hand on Tony’s shoulder, and Bucky hastily crept back to the front door.
“I’m not surprised.” He said to Steve’s first statement. “You believe in the good of others too much.”
“Do you have any proof?” Bucky quickly threw up his hands. “I believe you! But we can’t exactly go up to a King, in his court, in his country. Tell him he’s a lying jackass and walk away unscathed.”
Tony looked comically anguished and his arms hung limply at his sides. “That’s no fair! He doesn’t listen to anyone but you.” He then rubbed his forehead in annoyance. “It’s already impossible to help him with his shedding. And he always grows and shrinks whenever I get even close to being done, so I have to start all over.” The mortal continued to grumble as he made his way out of the Throne Room and over towards his chambers.
Tony had a bow in his hand and some arrows in a case tied around his waist. The man was running and didn’t stop until he was between the Avengers and Fenrir.
“I am Steve, Lord Thor. Steven Rogers.” Steve then gave a quick bow. Thor then asked Bucky the same question.
“Hang on Steve, let me help you with that.” A pair of older and stronger arms grabbed the other side of the lumbar, “We don’t want another accident.” Together they walked it over to the sawing bench. “Do we?”
Bucky and Sam watched shell shocked as Steve ran full force at the centaur then jump up and aim a kick with both feet at the centaurs legs. What was the most shocking was the fact that the blonde’s brash actions worked. The centaur crumbled and flipped, involuntarily tossing Tony away as he rolled further into the river.
Tony merely coughed up blood in response, Steve managed to make a pained sound as he saw the blood hit the sand. And that made Amora feel particularly gleeful.
“Yes.” Howard grabbed Maria in a hug as she seemed to slump into herself. “But I want us to have a nice family breakfast.”
Tony walked through the portal and held up a hand to stave off any words Loki may be ready to throw at him.
“Let’s just get moving! We’ve wasted enough time already.” He marched back towards the wooded area. “To New Thebes City, let’s go!”
“So,” Rhodey broke through Tony’s reverie. “How goes your investigation? Find the home-wreckers weaknesses?”
“It only carries one at a time and you are no longer allowed to talk about it.” Natasha barked and Clint pouted.
There were many times Steve had to beat back an over amorous creature who had taken too much a liking to Tony, either in the present or from his past. There were a few from Tony’s past that popped back into his life after hearing he was free from Hel.
Tony gave the god a helpless shrug. To which Loki glared harder. Loki then teleported himself and Tony back to the palace.
“I’m sorry again about that.” Steve offered as they walked the streets of the city. “It’s crazy, I can’t go anywhere without being mobbed.” The blonde ducked his head in embarrassment thus missing the annoyed eye roll Tony couldn't suppress.
The gang tried to carefully sneak around whatever was making the noise but then everyone could hear the whistling as it came closer.
“Plus he doesn’t really live in the city.” Steve amended and quickly held up his hand to stop the onslaught of remarks and possible questions. “He lives on the outskirts of it.” Steve made a gesture off into the distance. “His place is up on one of those tall cliffs hidden behind the tree line. Looking at it from most angles you can’t even see a house up there.”
“I must see this tribute to Loki!” Thor spoke jovially as he rushed past the brunette, who was still trying to right himself.
Loki was adopted. His real father was a drug trafficker that Odin himself sent away to jail. Thor and Loki had no idea. Loki found out during a fight with Odin and bolted. Thor called all his friends in a mad plea to help him locate his brother.
“Here!” Steve pushed the cape onto Tony. “It looks like you won’t be able to get that to work. So please use this.”
They all had their weapons at the ready, just waiting to see the monster emerged from the fog as the whistling grew louder. Steve took a big inhale to steady his pre-battle nerves and glanced at his friends who nodded their heads.
Tony however was going through an internal panic. He had not planned on Thor being here. When he received the invitation from the courier it just said “From the Avengers”. So he hadn’t prepared himself on how to act around or what to say to Thor. Normal people get starstruck being so close to a god, correct? So he should act starstruck. But Thor has been around New Thebe’s for sometime now -helping the Avengers and such- so seeing him with them should be expected. So he should act casual like it’s not a big deal? He was not equipped to handle this. He should have prepared for this.
“A hard learned lesson.” Howard admitted. “Obie thought it would make a catchy motto.” He shrugged, “It keeps the lesson in my head.”
“...This place has all of us on edge.” Sam offered to the silence, as he, Clint and Tony watched the other 3 do their silent eye conversation.
Steve let out a chuckle which quickly morphed into a groan. “That was Natasha getting back at me for something I did to her earlier.”
Red flooded Loki’s eyes and blue overtook his skin as the god growled in anger. Tony went over and grabbed his furs as ice fanned out around the room. Amora walked over to the throne and leaned against one of the arm rests.
“What if I go up to the wrong woman?” Tony muttered aloud. He then sent Steve a frantic look. “I don’t know what my mother looks like now.”
Erskine shook his head again. “The gods are wise and great beings, but they do not have the intimate knowledge of mortals. They only see us fleetingly, their judgement of our person is clouded.” The older man turned towards the horizon, “The gods have brought people for me to train before. And dutifully I trained them. I later regretted giving them that training as they used it to wreak havoc upon their worlds.” The older man took a deep calming breath “I will not train you till I know your intentions, till I know you.”
“It’s true!” Howard then pointed to a spot on the map, “This map also shows entrances to Hel.” Both boys looked at the map and saw the green and black swirl that seemed to constantly be twirling. “You can use this map to go to the underworld. Once there you can ask Lord Loki for Peggy’s soul.”
“Oh come on Steve.” Tony grabbed the front of Steve’s clothing and yanked him down to his eye level. “Play hookey with me.” Tony’s eyes sparked with mischief and Steve found himself returning the smile the brunette gave him “We’ll go out the window, round the dumbells, you lift up the back wall and we’re gone.” He thumbed the window and Steve nodded in agreement.
“Or it’s working with the monster, or part of the monster. We can’t exactly see what they are, it’s too dark here.”
“NO!” Steve flew an arm out. “Did you see his face?!” Suddenly Steve’s face turned to anguish as he flashed back to when they were at Thor’s temple. “And he still thinks that…… He died for me, while thinking I was using him.”
By this time all the Avengers had their weapons at the ready and had circled Betty and Phil, in order to keep them out of the direct line of fire.
“I just wanted to make sure you were ok. I’m so sorry for embarrassing you! And right after I said I wouldn’t hurt you, I end up doing just that!” The blonde began berating himself and that sprung Tony into action.
“HEY!” Tony yelled and Rhodey flinched, covering his ears as Tony had yelled directly into them. “HEY! STOP! STOP!”
Clint shrugged and popped some berries into his mouth. “I just realized we never got your last name.”
“I have to.” Howard sighed hanging his head, he then took a deep breath and looked at his worried wife. “Our very way of life hangs in the balance Maria. We need to win this war.”
Loki had used a rune stone and opened a portal to Tony’s house. With every able body’s help, they moved all of Tony’s possessions from Hel to his mansion in New Thebes City. Loki had then given Rhodey a pack filled to the brim with rune stones so he and Tony could travel back to Hel whenever they pleased. And of course Loki would supply more when needed.
“I will pour it into your mouth, try to swallow quickly.” Erskine advised from his seat at Steve’s head.
“Lord Loki, what is your business with these mortals? These very ALIVE mortals.” Rhodes pressured. He knew he could not defeat a god but he would not let these humans be pushed around in front of him. Dead mortals were Loki’s to control, but alive ones he had no place interfering in.
And so Tony all but moved into the Avengers mansion. He still stayed at his place, but not nearly as often and rarely ever did he sleep alone.
“Here we go!” Tony cheered as he came back into the room with a bottle of olive oil. “Don’t have much but I figure this will work.”
“You are many things Steve Rogers, but you are not useless!” Tony stressed and felt the blonde slowly smile behind his hand. Tony smiled as he released Steve’s face. He then bodily shook himself. “Now I’m seriously parched. Let’s get a drink!”
Steve, Sam and Bucky slowly raised their hands as they assessed the situation. The leader took on a cocky smirk and dropped his crossbow.
Steve’s eye twitched and he rolled his shoulders. Then in a serious no nonsense tone he stated. “Last warning, release the young-”
“Have you slain-” The king began to ask but cut himself off as the other Avengers and Asterion walked out. “WHAT ARE YOU-?!”
Steve reached out to touch Tony then froze as he realized just how close they had gotten over the course of their talk. They had both walked towards each other and now were only an arm’s length away. They both smiled at each other, then Tony’s smile trailed off into confusion.
“Really Thor? It wasn’t that bad.” Thor made a noise of disagreement as he walked into the room. “Just a few years of research. I recall your chambers would be left a pig-sty for decade upon decade.”
“Showcasing all your weapons doesn’t guarantee you’ll be left alone.” The woman explained gesturing to Bucky. “In fact it’s almost like a beacon.”
“Yup!” Tony laughed. “Like an old, old,” Rhodey grabbed a pillow, “OLD father to m-ACK!” Rhodey nailed the brunette in the face.
“You might have to walk me through that.” Steve advised and Tony gave him a devilish smile as he sat back down on the blonde’s lap.
“Cut off one head, and three more grow in its place.” Steve spoke and then three heads burst forth from the neck stub.
Loki only blinked in response. But then the Scepter vanished from his grip. At everyone’s questioning looks the god went to explain himself.
“Never look back, only forward.” Bucky parroted from the billboards and flyers he had seen in Howard’s office and all around.
“Do not act like you know my power!” Amora turned now to fully face Tony. “Loki protected you from me! If you weren’t his slave then I would have tortured and killed you a hundred different ways by now. And you would
“It makes the most sense.” The blonde explained, “Tony is the only one who knows all the specifics about Jörmungandr, so he has to be there to brief Thor.”  Then he gestured to himself. “And I’m no help in a fight like this.” The blonde let a moment of self pity settle over his face before quickly wiping it away and going back to explaining his plan.
“I know it has been some time my dear.” Loki growled at him. “But I come to beg a favor of you.” Thor bowed low, knowing that would get Loki to at least let him finish his request before throwing a tantrum. “A friend of mine -Tony Jarvis- has gone missing. My friends and I are concerned for his safety so I ask that you check Hel to see if he has...passed.” Thor rose to stand and found Loki just staring at him.
“Oh gods!” Steve cried catching Nat as she fell backwards. “I’m so sorry I didn’t mean for that to happen.”
“Uh…” Steve was dumbfounded then coughed and tried to recover his composure. “Sir you may be too close-”
“Hold on, hold on.” The centaur stopped him and made Tony look at him. “I mean I’m proud of how well you are doing overall! Not in your mission or any of that.” Tony relaxed and gave his best friend a smile. “I’m really proud of how well you’re doing with people, with living life.” Rhodey gave Tony a genuine, relaxed smile. “You look happy.”
.” Tony said the nickname pointedly. “It’s your brain! It’s you!” Tony gestured to all of the tiny blonde, who just looked more frustrated as they continued moving forward. “Your ability to look at a situation, take charge no matter what, and formulate an efficient and effective battle plan! That’s your biggest strength! Not the muscles or super powers that water gave you!”
Steve kept scanning the area, making sure he didn’t steer Tony into any area that was too crowded. The few times they had to wait for the crosswalk, Steve made sure to put himself between his date and the crowd. He would not make the same mistake twice, he would protect Tony.
Everyone jolted in surprise as suddenly a small boy of about 8 years old, materialised next to Howard.
“Thor buddy, you need to calm down.” Sam advised after getting sparked for the third time. “You’re more excited than Steve and it’s his date.”
Then Clint squinted into the foggy area just next to them. He moved further into the fog and glanced back at his friends who eyed him questioningly.
Howard then got up and walked towards the entrance. Tony gave a cry and tried to get up but fumbled and by then Howard was out the entryway. Tony cried again then got up and made to run out the entrance but Loki’s magic grabbed his feet and held him from running away.
After Steve’s tears had subsided, Howard walked him home. That night, Steve had laid on his hammock till he heard Bucky’s breath even out. Then he got up and snuck over to Peggy’s house.
At the threshold for the door Tony turned back to the blonde and ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry for ruining the night.”
“This is a binding contract of Hel James. These laws are older than me and possibly even Odin. You may tell him, but you will not like the result.”
Tony’s eyes took on a calculating edge then he hedged a confirmation. “...Yes,” He said slowly “I am.” He then began to bleed more confidence into his tone as he continued speaking. “Sorry, I just don't like talking about it with people because ...most people don’t react well.”
“Own a mirror?” Tony retorted, leaning back far enough to rake both hands down the blonde’s extremely fit chest. “What are you made out of?”
“Lord Loki, my intended has...has just passed into this realm...as a shade.” Steve steeled himself and set his eyes in determination. “I’ve come to ask that you please release her soul back to the land of the living.” Loki looked less than impressed, leaning his head on one hand. “Please! I will do anything!”
The Avengers were called away from New Thebes City because some man-eating horses had invaded a neighboring town. With Thor’s help they had quickly dispatched the horses but not before Bucky got kicked in the head by one.
“Then let’s head back. Hopefully Bruce and Thor will be back with Tony by the time we get there.” Natasha said as she walked out of the room.
Tony kept being pulled away from Steve and their friends by work and social obligations. The paparazzi printed article after article about Tony and his “lovers”. None of which were actually true, but Tony wanted to keep Steve out of the spotlight he grew up in, so their relationship was a secret from the world. PDA was restricted and only their friends knew the truth. Steve tried not to let the bullshit articles get to him but sometimes a particular picture of Tony with his arm around someone would make something inside him tick. He didn’t tell Tony, but he was starting to resent that Tony wanted their relationship secret. He told Bucky, who actually defend the genius’s secrecy plan, but that only proved to wrangle Steve up more. Unable to confront Tony about his problem with their secret relationship the anger and jealousy festered.
“Not as bad?!” Loki shot back and then threw his blue arms out and gestured to the entirety of the room. “This place is destroyed!”
The tension instantly evaporated from the room. Steve visibly relaxed and gave a more genuine smile. Meanwhile, Bucky, Natasha, and Sam fist bumped in the background. Bruce grabbed Betty’s arm and she patted it while making the “shh” motion with her mouth. Clint fully relaxed into his chair, appearing to almost melt into it. And Thor openly beamed at the two.
“Apologies friends,” Thor greeted and Clint let out what could only be described as a ‘meep’ “but I hadn’t fought a beast in quite some time and couldn’t let you have all the fun.” He winked and the original trio rolled their eyes.
Loki shook his head and let out an “Ugh. No Tony I do not.” He then waved his hand as if dismissing the thought. “Rhodey wanted to stay with you tonight so I was checking to make sure it’s clear. When low and behold I see the Avengers here.”
Steve shook his head and looked at his friend. Steve looked like a wreck, his eyes couldn’t conceal the panic he was feeling and the helplessness that began clawing at him.
Tony watched Steve rebel against Amora’s control with all his might. He then flicked his gaze to Amora who was glaring death at the blonde. Tony then turned his head back and looked at the horizon. He could still see Thor scaring Jörmungandr away in the distance. He turned back towards Steve. He did a sweeping look at the Avengers, all of them focused on Amora and Steve.
Tony’s original plan of avoiding Steve and the Avengers so it wouldn’t hurt when he was forced back to Hel was now discarded. The new plan was that Tony would enjoy the remainder of the year with the Avengers and Steve. When Loki came, Tony would explain everything and would ask Loki if he could earn his freedom while using some of the years he already earned. He’d work for half a year or a year then for the other half or next year get to be free and live with Steve.
“I have been friends with Tony for many years now. He is very dear to me. When I heard he died...” Pepper looked directly into Steve’s eyes “What is Tony to you?”
They all then made their way to the unveiling where they were met by a large cheering crowd. Sam then caught Tony’s eye and gestured to the crowd in a ‘see what I mean’ gesture. Tony nodded and then felt Steve’s horse come up next to his own.
Sam and Bucky had gestured to their swords earlier and asked Steve if he wanted one or both. But the Punk just gave them a thumbs up and took a dive at the centaur. And now he was doing the same thing.
“Oookay…?” Tony threw another glance towards where Thor took off to. “Is he here to, what? Make sure Loki wasn’t here last night?” Tony finally bit out harshly.
The Avengers went to say something but Pepper held up a hand and gestured towards the captains quarters.
Tony had taken a liking to her and for the past years she had become one of his best friends. He enjoyed her frankness and honesty that came with being a shade. Though Tony was sure even when alive she was this blunt and ruthless.
3. So I know exactly what Thor was doing but couldn’t figure out how to write it seamlessly into the chapter, hence the add on at the end. I will never accept the idea of Thor being oblivious stupid. The guys old as hell, he’s gathered a shit ton of knowledge in his lifetime. But he’s a strategist, and was raised by Frigga. You’ll always learn more and have an edge if people underestimate you.
“Can’t help it. When you’ve got it, flaunt it.” The man named Clint replied causing the woman to roll her eyes.
“Fight him?! You can’t fight Jörmungandr! His scales repel all weapons. He can grow and shrink like Fenrir, except he’s a snake so he’s dangerous on all ends.”
Brunnhilde is the goddess of wine, mead, and liquor but when she appeared before Riley and Sam she looked as if she could rival Sif for the title goddess of war; as she was decked out in her shimmering armor and polished weapons. She then complained about the gorgon killing her temple goers and gave Sam and Riley a boon in order to help slay the beast. To Riley she gave her shield and sword, and to Sam she gave her steeds wings; he could call them or retract them at will. After that she vanished, leaving the two friends to plan their attack. It was a difficult battle but the friends persisted and defeated the gorgon. In thanks, Brunnhilde appeared before them again. This time living up to her goddess attributes, as she passed drinks out to to all in celebration.
Loki and Rhodes looked at the boy, who’s color was now also draining, his face becoming very pale. Tony grabbed his head and he started feeling light-headed. He then went over everything that was said. It was almost background noise when everyone was talking as he just panicked and focused on his father apparently being dead. Now he brought it the forefront of his mind and went over each word.
Tony began rambling about the game they created and Rhodey couldn’t help but notice Tony’s smile and Steve’s reciprocating one. Tony also seemed to really just be looking at the blonde. Also, while the other Avengers seemed to zone in and out, Steve paid attention throughout Tony’s entire rambling. He even asked some questions.
Heading the advice all the Avengers stayed where they were. They gathered their gear they had put down and prepared themselves for the worst. Perhaps Loki sent a monster to greet them. Perhaps this was a test of the Underworld. Or this could be a trick from Amora.
The Avengers were greeted formally, given a few bedrooms for them to share, then a feast was held in their honor. During the feast the Avengers saw the Queen and she looked like a shell of a woman. Throughout the dinner they noticed the Queen was never really addressed, ever. The court would not even acknowledge her and the woman made no effort to be seen. She just looked defeated and worn down. It was as much confirmation as the Avengers needed and their blood boiled in anger at the grinning and jovial King Minos.
“We have a new mission we must get to right away. However,” Phil looked pointedly at Thor. “You cannot join us. This is a political issue as well as a physical one and a god-”
“What?” Tony glanced at the retreating blonde’s back then over to Bruce and Bucky who both had their hands up as if ready to help but unsure how. “....what?”
Bruce gave her a small smile then grabbed her face and pulled her into a kiss. The others politely turned away to give the couple a bit of privacy. When they finally separated Betty and Phil ran off to Nick’s headquarters.
“Not sure, he tries to never transform.” Tony swayed his head back and forth. “Actually, I’ve never seen him as the Hulk.” He pouted
Time moved on. Maria moved into Tony’s house with Rhodey. When she had met Rhodey and learned the centaur helped raise Tony, she was so grateful she fell to the floor in a bow to the centaur. Oftentimes Tony would catch his mother talking to Rhodey, asking him to tell her stories of Tony growing up.
“I saw you talking to Lord Loki about targeting Steve. Hunting him!” Bucky was enraged and stepped closer to Tony who rolled his eyes.
Steve hadn’t said or responded at all to Tony’s outburst. But now the blonde slowly and unsteadily pushed himself up so that he was kneeling. He then held his arms to his chest and his shield flew to him. He fumbled for a second then gripped it tight and used it to help lift himself so he could stand. He hadn’t and still didn’t look at Tony. Tony’s face became that of pain and shame again.
it. The deeds you accomplish must be in proportion to the reward. I will give out or judge the deeds and then give the reward.”
. But they’re not all bad, most are actually misunderstood! And the more I know about them the better. I mean knowledge is power right?! So ...and I’m rambling like an idiot.” Tony finished then gave Steve a sheepish look. “Sorry.”
“Oh!” Thor exclaimed. “You’ve returned!” A leftover laugh from whatever Erskine and Steve missed escaped his lips and he jostled Bucky.
The god slowly made his way over to Steve and held out his hand. Steve gave Tony a nod, but Tony kept shaking his head in the negative. Steve then squared his shoulders and grabbed the gods hand.
Tony would later blame this on the fact that Steve surprised him. He broke the “hero protocol” Tony had held him and the Avengers up to. He’d also blame himself. Citing he was weak after watching the mother and son reunion. But that was later.
“I…” Steve rubbed the back of his head and blushed. Sam, noticing the pink hue, began to smile. He had an idea where this was going, while the rest of their friends looked confused. “I was out with Tony actually.”
“Thanks Thor.” Steve then turned to Falcon and held out his hand. “I’ll take all the help I can get. My names Steve.”
They were at their weekly meet up and surprisingly everyone (minus Jan) had been able to make it. Pepper just finished talking about an art gala Tony and her had to attend then she turned to Happy and asked if he would be her plus one. Happy had agreed and Steve looked at Tony expectantly but Tony hadn’t said anything.
Steve hurried to comply and went to the other side of the workshop. Steve then grabbed his stool and pulled it up to the tool wall in order to reach the desired mallet. Howard was about 6 feet and Steve was only 5 feet 4 inches, so he needed a stool or boost in order to reach most things in the workshop.
After the first year and a half, Tony and Loki had gotten somewhat used to their new normality. Tony’s tasks continued to be minimal, take care of Loki’s favored pets and serve Loki wine. He also did a lot of cleaning and putting stuff away in the rooms Loki ordered him to. However he was under no circumstances allowed into Loki’s private chambers.
It was their weekly meet up but Tony and Pepper were caught up in work and couldn’t make it for the second week in a row. They were out of the country and hadn’t seen anyone for those two weeks but kept in contact via phones and the Internet.  Rhodey was also out of town for work and Bruce was out with Betty. They all still met at Tony’s mansion (where all the weekly hang out had occurred) and played games but Steve couldn’t get into the swing of things. Then during drinks it hit him. He missed Tony. He missed Tony like he couldn’t stop holding his breath and waiting at the edge of his seat for the brunette to appear in front of him again. And in a brilliant moment of realization he blurted it out.
“And Loki could formulate a battle plan exploiting the opposites of those qualities. Nice.” Rhodey complimented and Tony shrugged, in what he hoped came off as non-committal.
“Lord-” Howard tried to interrupt but Loki sliced a hand through the air and green magic flew to the older mortals mouth, holding it shut. Tony gasped and Rhodes huffed and shuffled forward defensively.
“He’s over here.” Bucky announced as he exited the carriage. The kid then ran to give the hero a hug.
felt like this. This felt like he was being torn apart and put back together. He screamed loud and intensely, trying to use his voice as an outlet for the pain. It didn’t work, the pain kept coming and hitting him over and over.
Steve knocked the fist with his own and smiled. Both friends smiled at each other then Bucky’s turned devious.
Upon seeing the human on it’s body the Hydra lunged and clamped it’s mouth around the spot Natasha just occupied, before she slid down and out of the way. The side head tossed it’s head back and gave a screech of pain as the teeth penetrated it’s skin.
Loki waved the staff in front of Howard, and the blue orb glowed bright then dimmed. Howard instinctively jumped back and went into a fighting stance. However he quickly relaxed as Loki pulled the staff back to himself and calmly walked to his throne.
However, she also took it upon herself to do a few other things in Hel. For one, anytime Thor had come down, she had become the unofficial welcommer. She always wore her most revealing outfits, and sometimes her own magically made lingerie. She would try and direct Thor to her own chambers but then Loki would appear and take the blonde back to his.
Upon arriving in Asgard, Thor was greeted by his mother. Odin was still cooling down after his and Thor’s argument and was in no mood to see his son. Frigga however, saw the pain and desperation on her child's face and bade him to explain what happened. She drew Thor into her garden and beckoned him to sit on an offered bench. She then went and stood behind him. Thor told his mother how a dear friend of his had just died and how he needed Odin to bestow the title of True Hero upon the hero he had been boasting about as of late, Steve Rogers.
The red-head only shrugged and smirked. “If he listens to yours as well then that’s a bonus. But mine is critical.” Bucky and Sam glared at her but she only smirked harder.
“They’re going into the Mists again!” Rhodey moved further down the outcropping, still trying to come up with a quick way across.
Finally they arrived at the end of the yellow path. They had seen the ferry leave and so they rolled their shoulders and readied themselves to wait. Bucky pocketed the map and then did a small stretch.
As Tony climaxed Steve was hard pressed to keep his own climax away for long.  He meant to pull out but with Tony’s insides clamping down and squeezing him the blonde couldn’t help but let his own climax blind him. He held the brunette’s hips against his own as he came deep inside Tony. Causing said man to moan again.
Ty went down hard. Steve then leaped off his back and immediately pivoted then charged the down centaur. Pulling back his arm he threw a punch at the centaur and sent him once again flying further into the river. Only this time the centaur didn’t look to be getting back up.
“And we’ll be able to capture Thor’s gaze again.” Amora agreed, smiling viciously. “What’s the plan?”
Steve was ripped. He was taller and filled out. He had bulging muscles, that were still pulsing from the transformation. He definitely beat Bucky in physical form now. He wasn’t as buff as Thor but still, he was more defined than Bucky ever thought possible.
“So you will need your clothes, your books, your To Do list, and of course your tally counter.” Jarvis continued to list items off and Tony shook his head in fondness.
of the Avengers. They were just friends. Friends! The Avengers didn’t steal Thor. Thor just wanted to hang out while his friends were alive. His friends! Not lovers! The Avengers weren’t his lovers. Steve wasn’t his lover! Loki was wrong. Loki was wrong and now Tony was on a truly pointless mission.
“Not surprised, Ana is the one who lived here. Jarvis just married in.” Tony explained with a shrug.
Everyone then caught Thor up on what happened after he left yesterday. They then went into talking about how they needed to formulate a battle plan to get Tony and Steve together.
“Hurts doesn’t it?!” Loki snarled at the group. “Don’t worry, worse pain is coming for you.” With that the god vanished.
“I don’t know if we’re dating.” Steve said in a feebly tone with his hands raised. “Plus he lives here so I’m sure he’s noticed.” Steve added, immediately catching everyone's attention.
Steve and him had gone out on more romantic outings. The Avengers bemoaned that they were still an obnoxious couple. At first Tony seemed to have a hard time undressing in front of Steve, conscious of his scars. Steve had pointed out a few he had littered across his own body. But he would always let Tony set the pace. If Tony wanted to wear a covering during their love-making then he could. More often than not Steve would lavish the front and back scars with attention. Mummering words of love the whole while.
“What if you could do something?” Howard asked again, this time looking directly at Steve.  “What would you do for Peggy?”
Inside, the Temple was filled with people. This was not just a temple placed in a large city, or a shrine in a smaller one. This was one of Frigga’s main temples, a place many pilgrimages occurred and so it was crowded. However, Bucky and Natasha seemed to be standing guard at an entryway leading to one of the small alcoves in the Temple.
Tony had to remind himself Steve, and all the Avengers, were all glory hoarding heros. At the end of the day, everything they did was to get themselves more fame, glory, and love. They were selfish, self-serving heros, just like all the ones Tony had seen in Hel.
“Steve,” Thor moved to stand in front of the blonde and grabbed both his shoulders. “If you prove yourself a True Hero in the eyes of Odin AllFather, then you will be granted a boon. A boon you can use to resurrect your intended Peggy.”
In a heavy voice he said quietly. “But you didn’t have to say you loved me, when you were just waiting to get the love of your life back.”
Tony didn’t try to hide the lovemark Steve had left, but glared at the god. Loki shook his head in disbelief.
The next day the fashion show arrived and everyone was there to cheer on Jan. At the end of the show Jan came out to a round of applause and all their friends immediately gave her a standing ovation. The crowd was then hushed as Hank came up on stage and proposed to Jan. Jan squealed yes and the cameras began swarming the runway more than they had previously.
“Want me to come back and give you some emergency rune stones?” Rhodey offered as a change of topic.
Bucky was across the circle from Steve. Steve’s body took slow steps towards his best friend. With each step, Steve looked more and more pained while Bucky seemed to calm himself and put on a look of acceptance. Steve tried to will himself to stop. He pushed against Amora’s control with all his might, with all his soul.
At his name said man whipped his head towards Steve and seemed to sag in relief. “Steve.” He breathed.
After the Avengers all separated Tony and Steve had traveled in absolute silence. Tony had snuck glances at the tiny blonde occasionally but Steve’s eyes were dead set on the path ahead of them. Now the two could see Thor’s temple just up the road, and Tony decided he couldn’t keep quiet anymore.
However Steve never enjoyed relying on anyone and so as soon as he found the opportunity to work he jumped on it. The opportunity came in the form of Howard Stark. Almost a year after the war was officially declared over Howard and Maria Stark came and settled in Steve’s still rebuilding city. Howard had spared no expense in helping raise their city state back up .
“There’s always some excuse isn’t there?!” Loki shot back in a snide tone as he walked away from the blonde, leaving a trail of frost in his wake.
“Why leave it to just you two?” Bucky interrupted. “No offense. But why not send an army? Or at least give you a battalion?”
“He’s been sleeping with Thor and now he wants to take Tony?!” Rhodey screeched then turned his full glare on the blonde, who looked exasperated.
To fill the silence and pass the time, Bucky had told the group of his and Steve’s first visit into Hel.
After Loki had calmed down from Thor storming out of Hel. Loki had summoned Tony back to the throne room. He then explained that he had found a way for Tony to earn his freedom. Tony had immediately plowed Loki over with questions and exclamations till Loki was forced to use his magic to restrain and silence him.
Something the Avengers were pleasantly surprised to learn was that Tony could fight really well. It had been discovered on accident. The Avengers were escorting some merchants and instead of taking their chariot or horses, they traveled on foot with the merchants. The group was beset by bandits who got more than they bargained for when it turned out The Avengers were hidden in the merchant group.
“My Tony!” She cried in pure and unabashed joy as she then peppered his face with kisses. “My son! You’re alive!”
“No! No!” Tony jumped in waving his arms around as if to wave off the thick air of tension that had descended. “No! It’s not like that!” He then groaned and let out a breath. “Let me explain. Bruce and Betty are dating and not in the creepy self imposed way, in the mutual consenting way.”
Once in his chambers Tony went over to his tally wall and marked another 2 years to his freedom count.
He severely doubted Loki had any dealings with Tony. How would he even be in contact with a living mortal when work kept him busy and tied up in Hel? Tony could have his mind muddled with Loki’s magic but no, Tony seemed clear when Thor had examined him during his hug. He had been sure to take the brunette by surprise and hence why he rushed the man upon their arrival. He knew Loki’s magic was most vulnerable and easy to detect when his targets/victims/participants were off guard. The magic always shone through in those moments, but Tony had none. And the statue appeared to be just a statue so it must have all been in Bucky’s head.
Loki waved his hand around the top of the Scepter of the Dead till the blades glowed green. He then stepped off his throne and walked towards Howard.
“Loki remembers you and is still not pleased with our True Hero plan.” He shrugged again. “But these things happen. Though I would actively avoid going to Hel or any of Loki’s temples.”
Everyone gave a variation of hello all the while Rhodey seemed to just stare them down. His face only giving away that he was unimpressed with the lot of them.
The two had gone to Loki’s chambers and Tony had dropped the black fabric he had used to cover himself while under the table.
“I don’t regret helping Steve and the Avengers.” Tony’s soul said honestly. Tony then looked off into the distance, “I just hope I managed to actually help them.”
“Have you guys been going with Tony and Steve on their dates?!” Thor cringed and averted his eyes in the same manner Bruce had. “By the gods.” Bucky groaned.
“I thought I heard him.” Bucky admitted into the silence. “I swore I heard Loki, but….” He let out a sigh.
“It’s a game I play with him.” Tony explained, not looking at them but continuing to get a few more arrows ready. “When Fenrir was a puppy he tried to eat the sun. Obviously he didn’t, but he’s kept his love for flaming balls of fire apparently. So I made it into a game. I launch fire arrows, he fetches them. You know?” Fenrir bounded back over and looked absolutely ecstatic that his tongue now sported a small burn mark. Tony fired another arrow. “It’s just playing fetch.” Tony shrugged but still couldn’t bring himself to actually look over at the group.
“None. Fenrir adores you. Training him would take no effort on your part.” Loki answered blandly, waving his hand in dismissal. He then thought for a second and a mischievous smirk overtook his face. “Train Jörmungandr to do a trick though and that will earn you some time.”
Steve and Thor shouted back, both looking annoyed at having this brought up again. Rhodey glanced at Loki who looked unconvinced then turned to Pepper who shrugged.
“... Maybe we need to go about this in a different way.”  Amora added with a thoughtful look on her face. Tony looked at her in surprise and Loki sent her a glare but she shook her head at them “I’m not agreeing with Anthony.” She clarified. “I’m saying we need to take a different approach. We’ve just been throwing monsters at them because that usually kills heroes, but that’s not working here. We need to throw something else at them.”
Instantly, black mist overtook all the Avengers and began to seep into them. Once Loki released Steve’s hand all the Avengers dropped to the floor. Their bodies shook and their breathing became labored as the world seemed to tilt and become unstable under them. Steve’s body immediately began morphing back into his frail and skinny form and Clint’s eyes began to blur into an unseeing gray.
Thor turned to the crestfallen and heartbroken mortals, then back to Loki’s cold emerald eyes. Thor steeled himself and glared at Loki.
He then told the mortals to stay where they were and went into the mists. When he returned he came back with an ethereal looking man. He looked to be an older man in his early 70s. His hair was white but his beard still had brown coloring, and he wore a floor length chiton. On top of everything, the man seemed to almost glow a light blue. As soon as the ethereal man appeared in front of the two friends, the ever turning mist vanished.
“So the mist is meant to hide you from the world?” Steve asked as he helped hold up a beam in place for Bucky.
The next day they all said farewell and went back to the US on Tony’s jet, with Tony and Steve sitting side by side and their hands intertwined.
“Tony said they swore they haven’t been sleeping with Thor.” At Rhodey’s confused face, Pepper added. “When you were locked out of his room but Jarvis and I could get in, that’s when he told us.” Rhodey nodded but shared an unconvinced look with Loki.
“I have a theory.” Clint put in. “It looks like his work stuff was gone from his house. So my theory is he went to Monster Bog,” Bruce and Thor opened their mouths but Clint held up a hand. “But didn’t make it there.”
He had a hole. In his chest. Blood was dripping out of his mouth and he was barely breathing. Loki was so shocked by the sight that he froze. He couldn’t stop the instant panic that overcame him and struggled to think of what he could do, what magic he could use. And then he saw it.
Immediately a thick air of tension wrapped around the group of humans. Finally Natasha spoke up, her tone pure ice.
Tony then began to explain how he couldn’t do that because that would start rumors that Steve and him were dating. Steve bursted in asking if it would be the worst thing, if the world did know they were dating. When Tony tried to defend himself Steve elaborated more, saying how he felt Tony wasn’t committed enough to their relationship because he kept trying to keep it a secret. Tony bit back with how he was committed and how could Steve think that when Tony’s been allowing Steve to take up his time with his constant messages and letting Steve control him even though it drove him insane. That got Rhodey and Pepper to glare at Steve, immediately going on the defense. Steve then denied he was ever trying to control Tony and how dare Tony accuse him of that. Bucky and Sam had also defended Steve, stating he would never try to control anyone. Steve then threw the insult back and Tony saying he was controlling for deciding on his own that they would be a secret. And then it dissolved into madness. Bickering was constant with them, in fact their conversations were mostly them bickering. However this wasn’t bickering, this was an argument, a load and expulsive one.
He was accustomed to shades honesty and openness to him. Living people were much different and Tony found he didn’t like it, didn’t trust it. Then he had seen the billboard.
“He was using you. A temporary toy before he could reclaim his true love.” Tony ducked his head at that. “Don’t let him win.” Loki advised moving into arms reach. “Don’t let another mortal use you like your father did.” Tony flinched.
The cloth was pulled off to reveal a statue of Howard Stark, posing regally and pointing with one hand towards the Harbor. At his feet were the words “Never look back, only forward!”. The crowd and Avengers all clapped and shouted their appreciation but Tony couldn’t hear them anymore.
“I know you don’t want to do this.” Loki said not unkindly but not warmly either, the result was more of an awkward tone. Loki couldn’t see but he knew the brunette rolled his eyes. “But if you do this for me. If you bring me Steve Roger’s weakness,” He handed Tony the pot and the human instinctively grabbed it. “I will give you what you crave most in the entire cosmos...” Tony looked at the pot, this one only had Steve’s face painted on it.
Thor landed in Hel and immediately took off again for the Palace. Once there, he marched into the throne room and found Loki sitting on his throne, brooding. Amora was leaning on an armrest and appeared to have been talking to Loki, who barely paid her any attention. However once Amora saw him, she put on a flirty smile and tossed her hair over her shoulder.
Amora had teleported back to Hel and before she could utter a sound, Loki had trapped her in ice. Rhodey had been there and had volunteered to help deal with the witch. Loki wasn’t exactly sure what was happening to Amora but knowing the centaur’s fury at the news of Tony’s passing, he could be sure it wasn’t pretty.
“You have those?” Sam quipped. Natasha held her hand up for Sam to high five while Bucky shot them both a glare.
With one last squeeze they separated and then Tony jogged back to Steve and smiled at the blonde. Steve smiled back then reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand. Unlike with Peggy, Steve could feel Tony’s hand. Then, with very little fanfare, Tony’s color returned to him and he seemed whole and hale.
Everyone began to voice their denials and kept talking over each other until Phil’s loud and piercing whistle silenced them.
“LOOK BACK!” Tony screamed. “PLEASE LOOK BACK!” Silence answered him and he sobbed again then continued to scream desperately “DAD PLEASE!
“AH!” Loki’s whole body jolted, then his skin began to turn blue and his eyes red. “NO! DAMNIT! NO! I WAS SO CLOSE!” He yelled anger clear in his words.
“Maria’s anger, Howard’s guilt, how they never talk about him! It all adds up!” Bucky exclaimed again.
Betty and Bruce then set all the food on the table right as Clint sleepily made his way over to the table. Everyone then ate in silence till Bucky broke it.
“Wasn’t he at all concerned about his safety?” Steve questioned. “What if a monster didn’t know he was there to gather information? What if they thought he was a threat?”
It’s a Winter Falcon blurb not a full fledged story, so keep that in mind. It’s a blurb of how I picture Sam and Bucky’s relationship going down in the Hercules AU
Some time later the Avengers were invited to a statue unveiling. The Statue was of Howard Stark and would be placed near the harbor. Howard himself wouldn’t be in attendance as he was busy with some other business venture. Phil had instructed them all to be on their best behavior and to wear their best chitons (“I mean it Clint!”). Steve had invited Tony to the unveiling and the brunette had accepted.
“He’s a human, for the most part.” He jumped back into his story, “They were dating but her dad doesn’t like him. So he kept labelling Bruce as a monster and kept trying to keep him and Betty apart. Bruce ultimately bought what the jackass was selling and started seeing himself as just a monster and deliberately began to distance himself from Betty and then everyone. Hel the guy has harassed Bruce enough that he should be the one you guys hunt down and take care of, not Bruce. Bruce is just trying to live in his solitude that Ross helped impose on him.”
“Steve is a great man!” Tony yelled, taking a step forward. “He’s good and kind! He genuinely cares about people!”
“There’s nothing selfish about all that you’ve done and are doing Steve.” Howard reassured, but Steve shook his head in rebuttal.
“No, you’re fine.” Tony grabbed his shoulder and gave a squeeze. “Don’t worry about it Point-break.” Thor’s smile at the nickname was so bright the sun could learn a thing from it.
Both men gave the blonde a look of utter disbelief, which Steve did not think he earned. However, before either could answer Natasha spoke again.
Steve eventually took them to the skylight room where he laid Tony on the couch and Tony yanked the blonde on top of him. They proceeded to make out and both of their groins indicated they greatly enjoyed it. They were rutting against each other when Tony broke the kiss to moan. Steve then attacked the brunette’s neck. Tony grabbed the fabric on Steve’s back and bunched it in his hands.
Steve paused in his ministrations and even stopped his hips which was very difficult. Tony then pulled and pushed on the blonde till Steve pulled away and sat up. Tony then undid Steve’s pin and helped pull the fabric off the blonde. Steve smiled and then did the same with the brunette, till they were both just in their smallclothes. Their smallclothes which barely contained their very obvious hard ons.
Bucky and Bruce winced and Bucky finally came forward. Tony crossed his arms and glared at the man, Bucky only looked sheepish as he accepted the glare.
“Did it ever occur to you that this is their home?” Tony shot back, his hands on his hips. “You’re literally breaking into their home to kill one of them. So of course they’re going to try and kill you!”
“Was there any sign of a break in?” Natasha asked after Sam and Steve explained they found the house empty.
Bucky and Sam shared a look then turned their eyes back to their drinks. This whole situation just felt awkward.
As Clint explained this his fingers pointed to dust patterns that appeared disturbed or outlined where a box once sat.
Tony shrugged his shoulders and turned towards the door leading to his personal chambers, stripping off the furs as he went.
Loki shuddered as Thor’s mouth latched onto his earlobe, he then pushed Thor away and gave the blonde a glare. Thor merely laughed at the look then went off to fetch the wine. Once the door closed, Loki looked towards a small table set up in his room. It was the only surface that wasn't currently holding any scrolls or writings. He then wiggled his fingers in its direction and suddenly several bottles of wine appeared on the table and Loki smirked.
“He’s a child!” Natasha yelled. Some memories from her childhood flashing up in her mind. “You can’t put that on him!”
Finally they got Jörmungandr to the waterfront. Jörmungandr looked victorious as he grew to a massive size and loomed over the Avengers. That’s when Thor made his presence known by letting a series of massive thunder claps and lightning strikes out near the creature.
Loki had set Tony up in a grand villa that was just outside of New Thebe’s. It was on one of the higher cliff faces overlooking the city and was a bit of distance from the heart of the city. The surrounding trees and nature had originally overtaken the abandoned place but Loki had cleaned it out and made the place livable. Not just livable, but the god had made it into a  grand home; almost a palace in the sense of decorations, upkeep, and the size of the rooms/entryways. But what could they say? Rhodey had to be able to walk through each room, so bigger was better.
Last night, Tony looked at his Tally Sheet he had stored away in his bedroom and it brought nothing but dismay. For even though he had gained quite a few years of freedom it was limited. He just wanted to live his life. And Steve. Poor Steve was just caught in the middle of something he never should’ve been.
Loki’s eyebrow twitched but then he noticed that Steve hadn’t looked away from Tony, and he decided to play on the obvious weakness.
6. I was going to write out the whole court ordeal and shit but cut it as it didn't add to the point and just seemed like a waste. But if you're interested in how Tony managed to finagle a royal court into dumping their king let me know.
Later, as Steve guided Howard towards his guest room, the man told Steve he had a gift for him. In the privacy of his room he had gifted Steve his Underworld map.
Two weeks later the trio saw Thor come over the Horizon with another man. The man had dark colored skin and a similar build to Bucky’s. He wore a typical warriors dress, sans the cape. The most curious thing about the new arrival were the contraptions he seemed to have glued to his back. The contraptions were two slim rectangles attached to the area above each of his shoulder blades. On his back, between the rectangles, was an imprint in his armor that depicted the winged horse Pegasus.
The image suddenly changed and now it showed Howard and Anthony in the Throne Room of the Palace in Hel. Loki was also there sitting on his throne.
In the town he was nearby, Tony had tried talking to a few people but found it harder than talking to shades.
“So you’ve returned Howard Stark.” Loki spoke, and Howard rose from his bow, Tony following after him.
Meanwhile Steve dodged and pivoted till the down shield was directly behind the woman. He then pulled his arms back to himself and his shield magically rushed over to him.
Thor gave his mother a look of pure awe. Frigga did not dawn her armor often, but each time she did she left everyone speechless. Her grace and elegance shone even when dressed in heavy armor and poised to kill.
Now Tony and Steve had just finished walking up the steep cliffside walkway and approached the wooded area that obscured his home from view.
Maria’s eyes trailed Tony up and down several times as tears sprung up to her eyes. Her hands flew to her mouth to silence the sob that worked its way up her throat. Tony made to go to her, especially when she seemed to crumble to the floor. Folding herself into a fetal position as sobs wracked her body. Tony tried to get his feet to move but seemed stuck in place. Just as he finally forced his body to take a step towards his sobbing Mother she cried out.
Tony thought suddenly feeling like he could get himself out of this feelings mess. He just had to keep reminding himself that Steve and all the Avengers were sleeping with Thor. This had all started because they seduced Thor away from Loki.
“Get me a creature that can kill that Steve Rogers and I’ll give you 5 years of freedom!” Loki barked from his throne as soon as Tony entered.
“And I will.” Steve responded, offering up his chest. “Do what you have to in order to believe me.” Steve again locked eyes with Loki. “I’d do anything for Tony.”
Loki scoffed but grabbed Tony’s arm and did some small healing magic on a scrap Tony had gotten sometime earlier. The god then released his arm and gestured towards the kitchen.
“Lord Loki.” The shade whispered in reverence, he then folded into a proper bow. “I -I… I cannot believe I am speaking with you. Please, I must go back.”
“And from what you said yesterday. Not the bad parts, but the asking “how to get Steve to like me” part.” Bucky leered.
“You must be having trouble with your hearing Amora.” Tony gestured to his ears. “Your old age is starting to show.” He smirked at her heated glare. He may have to pay for that comment later but it was worth it.
For a while both Tony and Loki just breathed, stewing in their anger. Eventually, Loki’s blue began to recede. Tony ran his fingers through his hair in order to calm his own anger. They locked eyes for a moment and Loki could see Tony still believed in those mortals words. Loki let out a frustrated breath then thought over everything Tony said. Suddenly something clicked and he looked over to Tony who gave him a guarded but questioning look.
For it was also renowned that Howard and Maria had lost their only son to the war. But just two years after the sons passing, the war was declared over and many say it’s in large part due to Howard’s genius tactical skills (“and my inventions” he’d always add). And so Steve believed it was Howard’s deceased son that had whispered secrets to his father in order to help him and guide him in his tactics. He had never confronted the man about his theory. Howard never even mentioned his son’s name. The whole city assumed it must hurt too much. For they all had lost people in some way or another to the great war and knew better than to question how one handled grief.
“Tony, we owe you an apology.” Natasha said, gathering everyone’s attention. “We threatened you when we shouldn’t have.”
2. The ending chapters are honestly my favorite because the Mist scenes are something I have been SO READY to write. In the flashbacks I skipped a lot of the descriptions and mainly kept the dialogue. You’ve mostly read this all before, this is just a refresher. And as for the new flashback scenes I kept the descriptions brief.
“That giant you recruited was worthless!” Loki snarled at Tony who held his arms up in surrender but gave the god a glare.
“See?” Loki said as he approached the chained man. “I got you your freedom afterall.” Loki waved his hand and the chains and mist disappeared.
Afterall, Thor hadn’t come to visit or even send gifts or messages to Loki since Steve and his friends entered the gods life.  He also did frequently help the heroes in their fights against the monsters Tony recruited. And Thor was never punished for his interference in mortal affairs.
Steve tried to wrap his arms around the numerous pieces of lumbar he was attempting to carry and grunted under the effort.
With that she walked with a sway in her hips back into the throne room. Once there, she grabbed Loki and manhandled him out of the throne room, into one of the side doors.
“I will go to the other gods, I will not let this stand.” Rhodes continued, and Loki turned his harsh glare to the centaur.
“You’re the worst, and this is worth more than 1 year.” The mortal continued to complain, folding his arms across his chest.
Rhodey had the day off and since Thor arrived today, Tony’s time off had just started so they decided to go off and explore some of Hel. They went to the top of an outcropping that overlooked the river Styx. They had been here often enough, but after 10 years in Hel it was hard to find a section they hadn’t at least been near. Plus this was a nice spot to see the incoming shades. The most recent batch had just loaded onto the ferry and were being carried across the river.
