Only for Pepper to finally reach us. Turning Tony’s attention over to her.
“I’d say we made it just in time” a gruff commanding voice echoed.
going to do about it?" Tony exclaimed, eyeing the marker on Reed's computer that was locked onto Earth-199999's location.
And then…
"So what then? This is your messed up way of atoning for your mistakes?" Sam grit out angrily.
"It won't" a soft but firm voice exclaimed.
Textbook narcissism?! What the hell kind of bullshit assessment was that?! Natasha would never say Tony was narcissistic...Or do a psychologist's job.
Guiding Steve into position the two of them made their way around the dance floor.
Captain America was the paragon of life, liberty, and justice.
Hope you all like it!
was pissed.
That reaction was just so
"Speaking of which. Do you want to go to Club A with me tonight?" Steve asked, willing his voice not to stutter.
genius bent over his latest armor, making some repairs from the battle earlier today.
Steve couldn't help but let out a despondent sigh.
But before he could even turn around to stomp his way out of the mansion the bedroom door opened, revealing a disheveled Ton-Stark clothed only in one of his many silk robes.
"Um...not in my lab please…"
"No?" Adam challenged, raising a skeptical eyebrow, "You nearly destroyed the world trying to bend each other to your will. To force your other half to your side. Each blow meant to punish the other for being on the opposing side"
"Why so serious?" Tony asked, feeling Steve's muscles tense against his palms.
Whether they liked it or not this was the best course of action.
But another yank tore him away.
"Well then you only have yourself to blame then" Steve jested.
What was that?
“But really? The TVA?” Blue Eyed Tony questioned again.
Steve just tightened the grip on Tony's arms.
to be like that.
'That does it' Steve thought, finally having run out of patience.
Suddenly a bright light burned his retinas.
Leaning in so that his lips were beside Tony's ear, intentionally dropping his tenor to a husky whisper, "Well I definitely want to spread myself over you".
“You don’t like me. That’s fine” I stated, turning to face the other Me one last time.
"So you don't want to be my dance partner?" Steve asked, refusing to let Tony drop the subject.
"I told everyone we should've just had Stark try and kiss him awake" Clint jested (sort of).
"He could've had all the Avengers under his thumb. The world at his fingertips!" Steve irately exclaimed, the immense annoyance and exasperation evident in his tone.
It's here it's here it's finally here!! The conclusion of this marvelous journey! I hope you all like it!
Before, Clint's little quips about him and Tony just seemed like little jokes and jabs at their friendship...But now…
"You don't think it will work" Steve deduced.
He forgot to factor in the variable that was Tony Stark.
He couldn't see. His eyes were covered with what felt like cloth. The foul stench of chemical stung his nose.
God he was such an idiot!
“Right. So what’s the plan then?” Carol inquired, shifting her gaze between the different ‘guests’ and trying to divert away from the awkward atmosphere, “Because I think it's already been established that we’re out of our wheelhouse here”
As Steve opened his mouth to apologize for...this...for everything, Tony cut him off.
"Very well than" Adam conceded.
How fitting.
We're reaching the climax! Only two chapters left!!!
“That is correct” Vision stated, “There was a disruption in the time-space continuum that Kang had used to his advantage and freed himself from the time machine the New Avengers had trapped him in”
Natasha's eyes immediately shot open in alarm.
Steve just barely kept himself from scoffing out a laugh.
Even in the TVA prison jumpsuit Loki's holier than thou attitude was still more than apparent in the calculated gait of his steps.
Enjoy!
Steve mentally repeated the three phrases as if they were a mantra.
If he hurt Tasha in any way Steve better go underground fast before he had the chance to get into the War Machine armor.
"Now how could I possibly be of any use to you? And what could you possibly offer me?" Steve scoffed, though his eyes lit with a strong curiosity as he tried to figure out just what it was the Trickster was after.
"All my designs are fabulous. Whoever says otherwise is a dirty liar that lies" Tony retorted teasingly right back, slowly making his way across the carpeted floor and out onto the balcony.
"Now that sounds like defeat" a familiar mocking drall sounded, immediately making Steve's spine go ramrod straight as his eyes scanned for the culprit.
“And what about Kang?” Buff Steve inquired.
What? Why would Zemo...
"For your feeble minds perhaps. But for my time, my universe, for
"This matter is on an entirely different scale. More than the future of a single universe is at risk" Kang retorted, clenching his fists.
“Well now you have all the time in the world...Make it count” Natasha advised him, shooing him back off to the balcony as she served Erskine another drink.
And I hope you are all safe and healthy with the coronavirus going on!
“And you’re sure of this?” Steve near demanded, not liking the possible implications of her words.
"Was I that oblivious?!" Tony exclaimed in growing horror.
After the Battle of New York he made sure the Tesseract and Mind Stone were destroyed, the same went for the Aether after giving Thor a few warnings. He had Carol traverse space to ensure the destruction of the Power Stone. Leaving the Time Stone safe with the wizards of Kamar-Taj, and the Soul Stone to stand alone forever on Vormir.
Ever since he had been portaled back to his universe, his world was as it should be.
Steve's spine stiffened up again.
In his dreams he was a hero, facing Nazi's just like Iron Man.
Still pretending it was all worth it when it wasn’t at all?
It felt as though a knife had stabbed its way through my heart.
His wife
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Blearily I forced myself to open my eyes, blinking rapidly from the onslaught of the bright lights momentarily blinding me.
Like here, Peggy had been his first love. The first woman who had liked him before the serum.
Even in the heat of the sun Steve could see the color rising onto Stark's cheeks.
The only real constant he's had was Ton-Stark.
"I slept in peace until you came to me," Steve continued boldly, stepping forward on shaky legs over to Stark.
Hi All!
"Peggy I'm..."
“But they found a way to bring everyone back...That’s not what happened in your universes is it?” Steve inferred, his tone letting Fury and Pym know he wasn’t about to just let the matter drop.
“Another unplanned variable. Your universe irks me” Kang scowled in frustration.
Of course another sharp bump to her arm and a
Steve blanched.
"I beg your pardon?!" Tony balked, taking offense to his teasing.
I know most of you were probably hoping for more Steves, but when I tried including 2 others the chapter didn't flow as nicely, but I hope you all liked it regardless!
Suddenly a shrill echoed through the air, the shock of it snapping Steve back to reality as the emotions suffocating him slowly faded away.
With a firm tug, Tony’s calloused hand in mine, he assisted me to my feet, the two of us now standing perhaps half a foot from one another now.
He feels alone. Scared. Why do you refuse to see that something more is wrong?
"The only two people who didn't know were you two" Clint scoffed.
Being dead though was another story all together.
He became someone else that day he walked out of the Siberian bunker without his shield.
Steve had always brushed off Tony’s flirtations. Figured it was just a joke...Unless it really wasn't.
“And how exactly do we do that?” Bucky inquired skeptically, “Because according to Kang we’d need to kill Stev-our Steve in order to do that”
Except he'd always brushed it off as a man's drunken sadness.
Then he'd slowly but surely started getting to know the man behind all the layers of masks.
Steve swallowed the lump in his throat.
But his actions spoke of another story.
"Now run along and find him" Sarah insisted, a knowing gleam in her eyes, "I have my own dance partner"
"Not in your timeline perhaps" Loki allowed, sounding thoroughly amused as he leaned against the cell bars, gazing at Steve as if he were some animal caged for his amusement.
"Nooooooooo!!!"
The genuine warmth in Tony's, in Stark's smile made his spine stiffen. His heart thudding heavily once at Tony's use of his name.
This was
They were supposed to grow old together.
"You're still not leaving are you?" Carol stated knowingly, cracking her knuckles.
Screams of terror.
"I'll teach you. Just be there" Steve pushed on, not letting Tony just brush him off.
And then another.
Cut the wire.
But he also saw the burning embers of life sparking. Reigniting into a steadily growing flame that was burning out the festering poison.
Steve paused for the briefest of moments at the edge of the doorway, thinking for sure someone else would cut in again.
Not that the fools of universe-616 would understand.
He'd felt so
But for Tony it hadn't ended.
"I don't need you peering into my soul for you to tell me what I already know" Steve bit back, narrowing his eyes sharply at the other man, not liking how Warlock sounded as if he were trying to convince him away from his plan.
They were supposed to continue on. As Captain America and Iron Man. Until they were ready to pass on the mantles together. To teach the younger generation. To slowly fade back from the limelight until they were just Steve Rogers and Tony Stark.
Reaching a decision Steve pulled back from the crook of Tony's neck, and without giving the genius any sort of warning he planted his lips firmly atop Tony's own, relishing in their warmth and surprising softness despite being slightly chapped.
Fury and Pym immediately tensed, and Steve knew he had hit the nail on the head.
That once he held the cosmic cube in his hands he could repair it back to how it was supposed to be.
your home and yet you still treat him the way you do?!
Because he’s a physical reminder of everything you’ve lost?
What changed?
"Wait. I thought the plan was to keep him in bed?" Clint questioned, thoroughly confused.
"Watching the sunrise again Darling?" Tony stated, a note of fond amusement in his voice as he lifted the covers off of his legs.
Steve used their banter to shuffle out into the halls.
Enjoy!
He felt bad for his counterpart. He didn’t seem to have the support network that he’d found at the Academy.
But being forced to relive the tragedy of Earth-199999 yielded a small ember of hope within the personal hell of having to watch yet another Tony Stark die.
"Not Captain America anymore" Steve reminded him, "What's wrong?"
“But that's not all is it?” I said, a knowing glint to my eyes as I met his gaze.
"Stupid man" Natasha muttered, a fond, loving smile adorning her mouth.
He couldn't remember.
My whole body taught as I was squeezed through what felt like a pin-hole.
STONY FOREVER !!! <3
He wanted the simple life again.
“My attempt to make sure what happened in my universe didn’t happen here” Fury answered, for once being absolutely straightforward.
“And if the Time Fog is connected to the Multiverse that would explain why we found a broken helmet that resembled Tony’s Tech” Janet declared, following his line of reasoning, eyeing the Fog wearily. They were too close to it for her taste.
But he never forgot the lake…
"I made the equipment for it" Stark revealed, causing Steve's eyebrows to hit his hairline, "But the government deemed immunization advancements unprofitable so the project was dropped...I left the machine with Erskine…"
Truthfully I'd never thought of Tony in that way before.
And Bucky sure as hell didn't kill his parents.
“Avengers Academy. I’m Steven Grant Rogers. Super soldier and Class President” Steve reported out of habit.
...What?
“I’ve been in his shoes. I didn’t want pity or a knight in shining armor and I doubt he does either. And just because someone is physically old doesn’t mean they get a free pass for their mistakes and crimes” Not-SHIELD Steve countered unmercifully right back.
After everything
Internally the answer was no.
Though to be fair their jumpsuit was a gray beige with the TVA logo on the left breast instead of a prisoner number.
(See the end of the chapter for
Instead of using Secretary Ross' past transgressions against him. Instead of playing up Bucky's past as a hero and prisoner of war. Instead of using his allies to bring in Barnes rather than immediately playing vigilante. Instead of utilizing Tony's hacking skills and resources. Instead of manipulating PR, he arrogantly thought he knew best and wouldn't lower himself to being a 'performing monkey' again, or do what he thought was ignorantly trust a governing body.
Not unlike the ones firemen use to contain wildfires.
Enjoy!
Only the epilogue remains!!
Yes. This was going to be a new beginning for the both of them. He would make sure of it.
"I'm flexible" Steve retorted wryly, moving his face closer to Tony's so that their lips brushed whenever the other spoke.
Steve fought the blood rushing to his cheeks as he sat gaping at Bond.
No if he had to equate this to anything I'd be one of his Soap Operas.
"Marry me" Steve proclaimed again, his gaze unwavering as his eyes, burning with a fierce determination, bore into Tony's shocked disbelieving ones.
“Pathetic coward” Hulk agreed with a firm scowl.
Though the pain from using the Gem had already faded, his legs still shook as he stood, slowly making his way over to Tony.
"It was your ballad that woke me up after all" Steve revealed, a sharp honesty in his eyes despite his light tone.
of those scenarios?
"Yeah? And which position would that be?" Tony said slyly.
(See the end of the chapter for
If I was going to die then I was going to die with my eyes wide open to the hand that killed me.
Seeing the other Steve and Tony interact hurt (literally).
Are you fucking kidding me?! You’re going to let her continue to tear the Team apart?! You can’t trust her!
Steve had been content with just being Tony's friend, not thinking that the other was interested in him in that way.
I couldn't help but wince at how hard Sam landed against the ground.
Subconsciously I had wanted to die.
Everything still felt disjointed.
"....Just please don't leave me for Pepper" Steve pleaded, his eyes changing just as quickly to that of a kicked puppy.
And here he had the memories of a version of himself who had done the very same.
"Goodbye Captain America. Your death will bring about a new, safe, Era of peace" Kang proclaimed.
Earth-12041, or the Avengers Assemble Universe is up next!
And for just a split second the two of us leaned closer to one another.
They would get to that "I do" moment someday.
She had Snapped back ready to take charge, to continue making a difference.
A sob tore its way through Steve's throat.
"Maybe it would help if we list out all our options and weigh the pros and cons?" Bruce deliberated.
The other him had let Thor choke Tony.
"About time" Hulk exclaimed with a smirk.
Leaving Tony in the dark about the false psychiatrist and other Winter Soldiers until a fight was inevitable.
Fury and Hank nodded in relief.
Being with Peggy had always seemed right. She was his first love after all.
"I'm not entirely sure" Steve admitted, "But if I had to guess I'd say the concoction the government gave me and whatever Bruce put on these bandages preserved my body until I healed"
I could hear the overwhelming sense of fear and helplessness making its way into his inflection.
"No" he muttered desperately, his voice so soft Natasha almost missed it.
"Oh for Frigga's sake" Loki muttered in irritated annoyance from his spot on the grass.
“Kang will not waste his time discussing this matter with you again. You all will step aside” Kang threateningly proclaimed, his armor glowing an ominous darker hue of green.
“I’m pretty sure he already went off the rails on the crazy train a long time ago” Carol scoffed.
“There’s too much that doesn’t add up. And I have a fundamental dislike of anything I can’t figure out...Yet” Tony piggybacked, looking pointedly at Strange.
“So the real question is what is Fury trying to accomplish?” Tony stated.
Turning his head Steve finally got a good look at the man who had slowly stolen his heart over the course of just over a decade.
Not a team player huh?
He didn't know if he could live with himself if Strange was right and Tony (and Natasha's) soul was forever trapped in the Soul Stone.
“Just a little bit” Steve agreed, his expression as genuine and relaxed as hers.
When no one did Steve steeled his nerves, and swallowed his guilt and regrets, willing himself to move forward and stand beside the man whose form he would know anywhere.
I need to go back.
“I saw things” Steve cut in, “There was a universe that Thanos killed half of all living creatures”
Fury would argue that he'd done enough.
The man took his Mother's hand gently in his own before turning his attention to him.
"I wasn't sure it was real…" Tony muttered, looking at Steve in disbelief, as if he shouldn't exist.
And he'd lost Tony for
Kang’s expression of clear disgust shifted then to one containing a
Kang warped into the former Triskelion debriefing room in all of his gaudy purple and green glory.
"Steve?!" a familiar concerned voice desperately called out.
He just needs to realize that himself.
He gave you a home. He
Unlike him Steve-199999 hadn't been alone.
Somehow I got the strong feeling that if I did he would think that I was just messing with him and walk off in humiliation.
Minus the blood and bruises.
But it was too late.
Sure Tony teased him but he never treated him like he was stupid, and he sure as hell didn’t think Tony thought he was either...But he still felt...snubbed?...Jealous of Banner?
done.
"What's this about Steve getting mind-whammied by another dimension" a familiar voice commandingly inquired.
His hair might’ve been darker, the eyes a striking blue, and a good twenty years or so younger than I was used to seeing, but there was no doubt in my mind that the man standing next to the yet another version of myself (decked out in a suit reminiscent of a SHIELD uniform)
“I’ll call him” Hank volunteered, quickly making his way out of the room.
"He should've appreciated what he had more" Steve replied darkly.
I couldn't blame him for mildly freaking out. I had only just come to terms that
worth of stress, and shame bursting forward unabated.
Steve saw red.
"With an offer like that I think I can be persuaded to take a bit of a break" Tony said wryly.
And now it was too late.
I could see it in his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I can live with that" Steve declared, internally cheering louder than the roaring crowd of students surrounding them, "Just don't be late"
"I uh" Tony didn't
The blast was unexpectedly knocked off course at the last second as a red and gold suit tackled Kang away from me.
"And if I wasn't?" Loki prodded, clearly trying to goad him, entice him.
Loki had already escaped with the Tesseract (and Sitwell still thought he was secretly Captain Hydra), and Tony had killed 2014 Thanos as well as his entire army.
"Whoa Whoa there Cap easy" Tony stated, placing both his flesh and prosthetic hands on Steve's shoulders to calm him.
Tony smelled too much like her for Steve's taste.
Sam and Carol launched themselves into the air as Bucky flattened himself against the ground.
Steve pushed aside the Magazine's latest publication to turn his attention to his newest illustrator.
So this Loki being here didn't make sense unless-
I had told myself that I needed to…But I didn't.
his world.
Steve didn't even want to know what would have happened if he hadn't decided to hear Tony out that day in the Manor instead of using the EMP on him.
But Bucky never needed me like I had needed him.
After Ultron. After losing Tony to that other dimension. Losing the transmission signal.
Whereas he had failed to remake universe-616 into what he'd envisioned as the perfect world, his alternate self could have succeeded if he had just thought of the further reaching implications of his actions just a tad bit more.
Steve took a handful of dirt and flung it at Stark.
That split second where the world had felt like Jell-O...But if he truly willed it...The Tesseract was
“None of us came here to rant our anger and disapproval-” Buff Steve began.
"Who used it on me before he was killed" Steve continued, slightly amazed at the past connection the two of them unknowingly shared.
from her husband killed that notion entirely.
Sure he still would've been pissed beyond belief, but had Tony told him what the Illuminati had done that first morning he'd woken up things might not have taken the turn it did between them.
Canonly Sheriff Rogers was killed by Bullseye and didn't comeback. But with Emperor Doom pulling Timely into his Battleworld, and the Universes being put back together by Reed I figured I could take some creative liberties and bring Steve back (especially seeing as other characters in this universe started following their counterparts' progression e g., Apocathery Bruce is alluded to have become the Hulk, and Tony built the Iron Man armor after Steve was killed).
And there wasn't anything in this world, this universe that was going to stop him.
"I thought you two were together! That she was your one and only dance partner!" Tony exclaimed, sounding extremely confused.
Not unlike Tony's own decision to keep his mind-wipe a secret from him for as long as he could get away with.
Always.
Tell him how he was supposed to fix
“What happened?” I asked.
He had...feelings for Stark.
What he would give to meet the man in person...
*Earth-TRN607 (Heroes United movie)
The him of that universe had always claimed that he had faith in people.
Suddenly a green vortex opened up behind us in the expansive room.
"I would think that would be obvious" I exclaimed, my voice quiet and frail, but no less pointed and sure in its determinations.
have waited another year before becoming an issue?
"Let me guess. Earth-199999" Tony deadpanned.
Wanda though…
The man's face was contorted in what looked like a desperate plea, with sorrow and guilt interlaid in his features.
That Stark
"Pretty forward for someone who postures themself as a celibate virgin" Tony teased, his eyes glinting in promise as he regained a semblance of his wit.
Activating his magic Loki telekinetically shoved Steve and Tony at one another, their mouths slotting together as their bodies collided with one another.
He'd always blamed Tony for the heroes civil war over SHRA. For the handling of the incursions.
"A fact you yourself should know quite well" Adam stated, pointed, but not accusing.
Bruce was primarily disappointed (and I counted myself lucky that Bruce no longer had Hulk's anger issues).
Now, and in the future.
"If you say copying their strategy is a no go then we'll just come up with something else" Tony assured.
"I abandoned you. Made you feel like I didn't have your back. Hell I
"Why are you here Steve?" Tony asked, concern shining in his eyes.
"Something wrong?" Steve asked, curious what was making Bond grin at him like the cat that ate the canary.
"It's about time" an achingly familiar feminine voice sounded behind him.
"H-How do you...I deleted that footage. I know I did...So how do you know?…" Tony stammered, looking as if he were one stuttering breath away from hyperventilating.
...Losing Tony to a second chance that didn't include
Leaving behind a hole that would never fully close.
He could respect it.
"This won't be like then" Steve declared, sounding assured and defensive.
Guess whooooo???
Next chapter is actually going to contain snapshots of several different Earths:
But it didn’t change the fact that she wasn't supposed to be here.
wasn't it!" Janet accused, pouting a bit at Tony, mildly disappointed and hurt that he hadn't told her that he and Steve were together.
Steve opened his eyes and looked at Tony.
"I knew you were lying to me! That was a library study
"Steve" Natasha called out, placing a gentle hand on her husband's arm.
There always were.
“And the Time Fog?” Sam inquired curiously.
"For a self-proclaimed Playboy you're not very good at making your intentions known" Steve teased as they made their way out of the balcony, his eyes filled with awe at finally having the chance he never thought he'd ever have.
He wasn't sure when he'd started dismissing Ton-Stark's flirtations. When they no longer bothered him.
Tony blinked in surprise at the abrupt topic change, suddenly very aware of just how close he and Steve were...And the fact that he and Steve were still holding onto each other...In front of the entire Student Body.
“How did you do that?” Bruce inquired curiously, sounding fascinated, though I could see the raw pain and grief in his eyes having to look at who was likely an alternative version of our deceased comrade and friend.
Severe migraine or no, nothing was going to stop him from making sure Tony was truly okay.
"Aren't a problem anymore" Tony declared, an icy coldness to his tone, the implications sending a shiver up Steve's spine.
"What did he-"
HARDER!
"It'll go faster with the two of us chipping away at this together" Tony retorted dismissively, his mind sounding as if it were a million miles away, "But go on. I know how many calories you super soldiers burn. Go get some lunch. By the time you get back JARVIS and I will have all this squared away"
Could she mean?...
“That girl deserves a medal for putting up with Hank’s eccentries” Carol jested with a shake of her head.
spirit. Not the spirit of another self from another universe. I sensed that
A lot.
“.......”
His Bucky had asked him if everything he'd done had been worth it, unknowingly echoing Steve's own words to Tony after he'd been arrested for standing against SHRA.
the imbalance. So long as this old version of myself is still living the unstable timeline will remain" I continued, having already taken in all the necessary facts and allusions and analyzed the best course of action.
"We are good partners" Tony agreed, raising an interested eyebrow at Steve, wondering just where this was going, and what was making the usually confident man so inarticulate.
Suddenly a tug tore him away from Earth-199999. How he even knew that was the dimension he was viewing he wasn’t sure.
He was sure of it.
That was how he spent a majority of his spare time these days. Sitting on the wooden bench, staring out at the sparkling waters.
Steve and Tony broke apart instantly, Steve keeping Tony's body crushed protectively against his.
Enjoy!
"It wasn't!" Tony immediately corrected, his voice suddenly several octaves higher.
Steve watched almost detached as Warlock flew off into the sky, into the stars with the Soul Gem once more.
Because Tony was alive and that was all that mattered.
Steve took an involuntary step back, fighting the shiver that crawled up his spine.
Steve’s stomach went tight as he gave her a slow nod, trudging the last few feet to the open glass doorway leading out to the balcony where a single man stood out drinking in the sights of the night sky.
"I meant why you weren't in a cell" Steve corrected, having already partially deduced this Loki's reasons for being here, raising an eyebrow at the sorcerer.
*Earth-8311 (Captain Americat and Iron Mouse)
And Steve liked it.
'Just how much about our world do they know?' I wondered warily.
"Tony should be in his room" Natasha stated, eyeing him with a suspiciously knowing glance.
"Busy" Peggy confidently finished for him, causing Steve to blink in surprise.
And yet despite them both knowing that it was an inevitably that their secrets and lies would eventually be unveiled, they still chose to allow themselves to self-destruct.
SMASH!!
Tony gave up his future with his daughter. His wife. Peter and Harley.
To learn who he was first hand.
That's what the other Rogers had called himself.
Ton-Stark almost never called him by his first name. Only ever uttering it depending on the severity of the situation...And each time he did it gave him...feelings...feelings he stamped on so hard it was a wonder how he hadn't destroyed them by now.
Not like this.
“That’s enough” Bruce cut in, his tone firm and final, “We may not know them, but they did just save our skins. Twice...And besides...It's not like we have anyone in our universe anymore who can fix this. The only person who might’ve been able to was…”
Steve couldn't help the victorious smirk that adorned his lips feeling the shudder that passed through Tony's body.
“According to Kang’s mandatory villainous gloating the time-space disturbance resonated with you. And he used that to trap you within a time loop of that disturbance after he used you to pinpoint the exact universe he was searching for. So whatever you saw most likely were snippets of how events played out in that universe” Tony explained.
“He’s crashing!! What the hell is happening?!! Strange?!!”
"Some lessons are harder learned than others" Steve retorted tightly.
sacrifice.
I couldn’t help but grin a bit at Tony’s exasperated groan.
“You have a chance...A chance I’ll never have...You all do” I entreated them as I slowly made my way next to the TVA enforcers.
“Where’s Tony?” Steve demanded, ignoring her warnings.
Dying hurt about as much as Steve had expected it to.
He couldn't do this.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
Not that anyone would know.
Trying to make a relationship work on the run was hard enough. But his counterpart was just lying to himself.
He couldn't stand for liberty, rights, and justice.
That damn Fog almost cost her one of her friends. Play-time was
Steve didn't know when it had stopped being about standing against SHRA and being about hurting Tony.
Steve clutched his cane, his grip nowhere near what it used to be, but it was firm and steady none-the-less.
“Humph. Unless you got clues hiding in your quiver I’d say signs point to no” Hulk scoffed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony.
Dear Lord what was this?
That wasn’t to say that Tony hadn’t always been handsome.
No it really hadn't been about SHRA at all.
to the entire situation at hand.
Natasha looked down at her husband who had finally spoken for the first time since they arrived at Reed's lab.
Hi all!
"You did well son" was all the man said, a proud smile on his face as he lead Sarah gracefully around the dance floor.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Bucky, Sam, Wanda, Vision! Half of all life in the
"Oh I'm going to have a lot of fun with you Captain" Tony exclaimed, grinning like a shark as his pupils widened, making his eyes nearly black with desire.
Though it pained him to admit that it took him quite some time to completely understand all his faults in the equation.
I knew there'd be consequences.
Up until recently the only person he had truly trusted was himself.
The guilt, and regret.
Sometimes having all the time in the world wasn't a good thing.
Steve looked around at his friends, only to pause, his every muscle going tense.
A sharp pain shook him to his core.
"You know for a genius you can be pretty dumb sometimes" Steve muttered, closing the distance between them.
" I emphasized, placing my hand on his shoulder like I had that day atop the Mansion.
Denial and repression. Tony’s better off without you anyway.
"It's not whether or not you make mistakes, but whether or not you stand back up to face them" Sarah corrected sternly, before halting their two-step.
In many ways his relationship with Tony had followed along the same path of progression as the Steve and Tony of Earth-199999 (Just far less violent).
Steve's position as the Head Illustrative Artist for Marvel's: A Magazine of Men's Adventure ensured that he would be the only person ever designing the pages dedicated to the man's exploits.
For now this was enough.
"You should know by now that I'm always right" Natasha teased, giving him a quick wink and a peck on the nose.
If Tony pleaded with him to listen he cut him down, calling him a monster.
“There was more to it than that. From the snippets I got something sentient spawned from the Mind Gem in that universe and it took over the Ultron program that you and Banner-”
Kang for his part just scowled, thoroughly unimpressed by the threatening display in front of him as he held his hands behind his back, glaring down at us all as if we were insignificant peasants.
, he meant sitting in a standard (levitating) cold gray prison cell, in an equally standard prison jumpsuit.
"He fought against everything like a battering ram instead of using his influence to change things. To mould the world into what he wanted" Steve scowled, the fury in his eyes glinting hotter than the star in front of him.
Even in death she was still trying to set him up on a date.
Steve only momentarily paused at Stark's private quarters, bringing his fist up to knock before he lost his nerve.
“It’s Fury, so I don’t think we’ll ever get any straight answers out of him” Natasha reminded them with a scowl.
He would work on
“You are welcome!” Thor exclaimed, “This is a joyous occasion indeed!”
"What did you just say?!" Clint demanded.
“That statement’s not helping your case” Sam retorted defensively, most likely not liking how they apparently knew all about us, while we knew next nothing about them.
"...It's a good thing you've got enhanced healing. Your toes are gonna need it" Tony replied self-consciously, his neck just as red as Steve's face.
"Together huh?" Tony mumbled after what seemed like forever, his breath puffing lightly over Steve's mouth, "I think I like the sound of that"
"Figures you decide to wake up as soon as I leave" Tony stated, his words phrased like a joke, but Steve could see the pain in his eyes now that he knew exactly what to look for.
"...It better not" Rhodey muttered.
"Are you okay Steve?"
"And that bothers you?" Erskine questioned, eyeing Steve carefully as he placed his drink down on the counter.
Without so much as a warning Steve bent down, his head between Tony and the screens as one hand pushed the goggles away from Tony's eyes and into his hair.
I watched helplessly as the orbs struck each of the Avengers, freezing them in place as if they were all a movie and someone had pressed pause.
"You're actually going to squawk about that
"I'm okay. Strange managed to disconnect me from the other Steve" he explained, feeling the distance between them like a lead weight on his chest.
"No...I trust you. I just don't want this to happen again" Natasha admitted, still tense from what occurred only a few hours ago.
Tony was alive. Bucky didn't kill Howard and Maria Stark. And Tony was the one who had lied to him.
“You actually called on the TVA?” Blue Eyed Tony questioned, sounding like he was questioning the other Me’s intelligence.
"Did you think we would actually laze about as you tried to kill yet another Captain America?" Purple Archer scoffed.
Steve let out a sigh as he slid right up in from of Tony, no more than six inches between them now.
"Look, Kang is a sociopath and 7-layers of nuts. He was convinced that his universe was destabilizing because our Steve lived past World War II, and demanded we hand him over so that he could be killed too" Iron Man exclaimed, sounding like he was trying to be reassuring.
Sam was pissed.
"It's actually starting to piss me off" Reed admitted, an impressive level of disdain dripping from his voice, "Their dimension is sending disruptive transmissions across the entirety of the Multiverse and they
Together.
Steve nodded, closing his eyes and focusing on regulating his breathing.
He’d felt happier seeing Tony than he’d felt kissing Sharon…
Move.
……Come back
Even at fifty-two Tony had aged well, his hair lightening, and the flecks of white in his beard giving him an attractive matureness that seemed to soften his face.
“Depends on what you get out of it” Bucky retorted mistrustfully.
"I can't promise that we won't argue. But I will promise you that I will listen. That whatever happens we'll get through it together" Steve declared softly, bumping his nose lightly against Tony's, their faces just close enough for Steve to feel the light prickles of Tony's goatee on his cheeks.
Seeing that it was Reed, Natasha answered the Avengers IdentiCard, keeping one hand firmly clasped onto her husband's hand.
...Was he even breathing?
His guilt breaking him out of his trance, Steve realized that Tony was staring at him, his eyes twinkling mischievously as a smug, salacious smirk made its way onto his lips.
"The Time Variance Authority. We monitor and police the realities throughout the multiverse and are in charge of keeping temporal interference to a minimum" Spangled corrected, looking offended by Bruce’s misinterpretation.
Steve kind of felt like cheering. Maybe his counterpart was actually taking Peggy’s advice to heart and trying to move on!
. A future of possibilities was
I knew that when the dust finally settled Tony had still blamed himself for what happened even though he'd been under Killgrave’s control. I had hoped that I’d convinced him otherwise, but…
Her truth had cut me deeply.
"I am being stupid aren't I?" Steve exclaimed, smiling.
It sounded like Tony. Like Janet. Clint. Sam and Natasha!
"Not a way to atone. But a way to ensure that other issues do not arise for you all due to this later on down the line" I gently corrected him, though I could understand how he would assume that, "I'm going to die very soon. Be it my old age or some other cause entirely. And I'd prefer to pass knowing that you all will not be continually dealing with the fallout of my mistakes when I am no longer here"
It was perfect.
...He’d be more offended if he didn’t think that jab was entirely justified after everything that had been said.
Except Earth-199999.
He'd take that over Bucky getting captured and tortured by Kleiser in any lifetime.
Bluntly put, but right on all accounts.
I was doing this.
Taking control of SHIELD.
He had never even
After letting Tony believe for the briefest of moments that he had managed to escape, Steve quickly swiped the mouse back to him, tucking him snug underneath his chin, his paws encircling him once more.
"The world cannot afford another one" Adam countered right back, his voice stern and unsympathetic.
"No Tony. I mean I want to wake up with you beside me,
"I am proud of you, you know. In case that needed stating" Sarah informed her son aloud, not a shred of hesitancy or doubt in her voice.
She looked so...at peace. Unburdened by the weight of her past sins.
"Sure Steve whatever you need" Tony stated dismissively, not fully registering what Steve had said.
Couldn’t alternate
"Carol. Rhodey" Natasha addressed.
At that, Tony finally took his hands off of Steve's shoulders...Only to realize that Steve hadn't let go of him.
I frowned at the random flash of memory, sitting up, I rubbed my temples at the sudden onslaught.
"Steve" Tony teasingly mimed as he typed and swiped away on his holoscreens, "We need to figure out just what this interference is and if it's affecting anyone else. For all we know it's some hairbrained plot by the Red Skull to swap your mind with a version of yourself from another dimension that is a member of Hydra...Just saying that skeeves me out"
Sam just rolled his eyes at the obvious dig at our ‘lesser’ intelligence.
Steve couldn't help but smirk into their kiss.
’ I thought, sucking in a ragged breath, the hand still clutching my cane beginning to tremble, causing Bee-Lady to look up at me in surprise (though I ignored her concern).
Tony questions immediately snapped a red-faced Reed out of his own stunned reverie, causing the man to swiftly turn back to his computer, furiously typing across the keyboard.
Maybe it had never been about SHRA at all.
"Uh. Sure Steve" Reed replied warily, first looking back at Tony to make sure it was okay with him.
“So you felt like you owed him as a thanks” Bee-Lady concluded.
He knew there would be repercussions for creating another timeline, but logically it was impossible for him to fix two of the four timelines they already created by taking the Stones anyway.
Tony's eyes widened in surprise, but slowly a smirk made its way onto his face, though Steve saw that his eyes still held a wary tentativeness.
He knew.
'Are you certain?' She asked, speaking directly to Steve's mind.
Suddenly a burst of energy exploded outwards, Carol now glowing as bright as the sun, having finally overpowered whatever it was Kang had done to freeze her.
For the briefest of moments in all that chaos he saw the universe which he truly belonged.
Steve swallowed as he took note of the water droplets that rolled down from Tony's hair, down his neck and muscular chest and disappeared into the towel that clung to his waist.
For...he didn't even know for how long.
This time Steve did blush at that insinuation. He could feel that the other him definitely wasn’t lying, but the thought of the other him partaking in booty-calls because he wasn’t ready to commit to a real relationship yet, because he was still holding onto his past was, was, was slightly mortifying.
“What’s up Cap?” Tony inquired, a curious expression on his face.
He was sure of it!
"Warlock" Steve acknowledged as the man floated his way down to the platform, "I'm surprised you came"
Clint couldn't even be in the same room as me anymore.
Tony wasn't dead.
But a necessary one.
She and Tony may not be together in their universe, but after seeing another version of himself loose Tony to Pepper he wasn't about to take any chances. So he'd all but dragged Tony back to the Scavengers' Tower in order to work out their new dynamic (and get Tony all to himself).
"I heard you tread above me," Steve said, his voice going soft and affectionate.
"His brain patterns appear to be normal" a more robotic voice assured.
An agony greater than anything he had ever endured in the past.
At the time the other Steve was so sure it had been...But after the Snap...After losing so many because they weren't
Hell, his last name literally meant 'an animal that catches mice'.
Harder!
I can’t imagine any version of myself as a genius like Tony, so his presence here was probably not strictly necessary, so his barb likely held some real merit.
"I'm home" Steve proclaimed assuredly.
He would accept Tony's confusion. His mistrust. His anger.
Tony Stark had looks that any model would be jealous of. His features were a gorgeous mix of aristocratic and an attractive ruggedness from all his time spent exploring. He could spend hours sketching the outline of the man's jaw and the contours of his body (in fact he already did).
It wasn’t Stark that couldn’t tell the difference between saving the world and destroying it. It had been her. Her hatred had blinded her.
The man he had loved.
Fighting Tony while defending Bucky, choosing his past over everything he had built so far in the future.
Steve let out a contented purr when his ears picked up on Tony's soft snores.
"You're wrong you know" Erskine exclaimed, adjusting his glasses, his eyes boring into Steve with a shrewd intelligence, "Even now you are still the clear choice"
The sad thing thing was the other Steve had subconsciously always known that Tony would eventually find out...And yet he
And he'd had the
Fortunately Bruce had dug his toes into the cement of the floor, bracing himself just enough not to crush me.
Conveniently failing to mention Tony's deal to Sam or Bucky after they 'escaped' the JCTC.
A whirl of colors whizzing across my retinas even though my eyelids were screwed shut.
Slowly, Steve turned to see Sam and Bucky jogging toward him, their expressions grim.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just like that you’re good with this?” Sam inquired to her in disbelief, “We don’t even know who the hell they are. They could be criminals in their...world, universe, or whatever!”
Steve 616 flinched back at my words, a scowl making its way onto his face as he averted his gaze away from mine.
"In repayment for your common sense Kang shall make your death a swift one" Kang proclaimed, raising his fist to the air.
Perhaps a little spontaneity wasn't a bad thing after all.
Sure typically he'd give Steve his near undivided attention from the moment he stepped into his lab until the moment he leaves, but Steve hated it when he turned up with injuries from lab accidents, so he figured he'd just finish up and save Steve the worry and himself the lecture.
"A sacrifice play" Bucky concluded through grit teeth.
"Trust me" she assured, her eyes unwavering.
Hope I did this universe justice!
But it was too late.
"So...Eight o'clock?" Steve muttered uncertainly, the apples of his cheeks still red.
He'd lost him for years, and by the time they even
And the Steve of the other universe was just as prideful as Tony had been.
This had to work.
And now she was one of his absolute closest friends.
"Cap" a voice sounded behind him.
"Never thought I'd see the day where Captain America has given up" Loki proclaimed, a mocking smirk adorned on his lips as he strut his way over to the metal bars.
"Be that as it may it isn't a matter for you to take into your own hands"
*Earth-10208 (Civil War What If)
He could almost hear Tony's exhausted "I told you so".
Bond had escaped from Xavier's School for Exceptionally Wayward Youths before it had been shut down.
That knowledge had hurt more than any blow from Mjolnir.
seeing Tony advocating for the other side.
Steve's eyes traveled off to the right of Tony's ear for a moment, the soldier unable to look his friend in the eyes.
And somewhere along the line his counterpart had gotten closer to Tony. Latched onto him as a constant.
One didn't have to be a genius to figure out from Steve's expression that whatever had happened on Earth-199999 hadn't been good.
A loud crash echoed from the bathroom.
home again.
And God the irony wasn't lost on him.
Kang triumphantly floated his way over to where I was seated in the office rolly chair.
“How are you feeling?” Natasha asked, trying to hide the concern in her voice.
died again.
Suddenly Steve jolted awake at the sensation of being shaken, his hands instinctively reaching out and grabbing onto the arms of the hands touching him.
The arrows spread out in a triangular formation, trapping Kang in an electric net, tazing him into submission.
Sometimes there wasn't another way.
He was just so tired.
Natasha gave him a fond scoff, slightly smacking the back of her husband's head.
With the truth.
"People make mistakes Steve. You've forgiven me" Blue Eyed Tony reminded Not-SHIELD Steve, his voice gentle and sympathetic as he brought his hand up and lightly rubbed at my counterpart’s shoulder.
He should have realized before that Howard wasn't as great a parent (or person) as he was when he'd knew him.
I hadn't needed to stay in the cockpit directing the aircraft into the Arctic.
At another particularly sad whimper Natasha tossed the covers over her legs in order to exit the bed, and began waddling over to her husband's side of the bed.
"Everything's back" Steve commented lamely, unsure of exactly what to say.
"Together" Steve said, his eyes still shut as he focused on his sense of touch, on the feel of Tony's skin and the metal of his prosthetic.
"Or are you just pretending, lying to everyone's faces because they followed you, because you facilitated it, and showing regret meant everything they did was for nothing?" Steve demanded, his eyes searching, scrutinizing, pleading.
THUMP.
And Steve couldn't help but hate himself for contributing to that.
But now...
Steve watched as all the color slowly drained from Tony's face.
were truly okay.
“You’re lucky son” Pym stated, a hidden grief in his eyes.
Steve couldn't help the heat that began rising to his cheeks.
But it...made sense.
Next up is Earth-51920 Sheriff Steve and Blacksmith Tony in the town of Timely in the year 1872!
"I sent him away after he collapsed from exhaustion. He'd all but pinned himself to your side for the last 3 days" Natasha explained.
What am I seeing?
Natasha slowly knelt down in front of her husband and slowly began stroking his face, praying that he'd wake up.
But it wasn’t real. That hadn’t been his happy ending.
Hi All!
"Just like that?" Steve questioned skeptically, almost positive there was a catch somewhere, a 'but' that was coming.
All his excitement and anticipation transforming into a nervous lead forming in the pit of his stomach.
Steve moved the hand gripping Tony's arm and wrapped it around his waist, pulled Tony toward him until there wasn't so much as a millimeter of space between them.
But he'd thought that with Peggy too.
God it even
"Guess I can't blame ya for not wanting to wake up to this handsome face then" Tony grumbled.
?" Not-SHIELD Steve demanded accusingly.
They had called themselves heroes and yet when the very people they claimed they were protecting cried out in pain and fear they scoffed off their plight, selfishly clinging to
He wasn’t needed...Tony didn’t need him…
And it was beautiful.
This was his chance.
"What is it?" Steve hesitantly inquired, just as curious as he was exasperatedly dreading the answer.
for him. How could he even
And while he would normally worry about the flames getting out of control, the Gem whispered for him to search deeper.
But he had made the mistake of trying to change universe-616 into
"Captain Rogers" Justice Peace addressed, snapping the elderly man out of the swirling loop of his own mind, "It is time"
When the brightness began to fade away Steve removed his hand from his eyes, melodic tunes catching his ears.
Tony Stark.
"Mine" Steve growled into Tony's ear as he shoved the smaller male onto the bed.
“You do realize that it literally took
Harder.
I hope you all are ready for a trip through the multiverse! First up is Earth-616! The main Marvel comic universe!
Make sure you're reading through all the stuff in the beginning of the stories. Not all of it are quotes. I've also been changing up the writing of how they get the memories in order to keep it interesting. This chapter in particular is important for the epilogue. Reading it also helps with the context and theme of each chapter. I've also added my own little quotes mixed in as well.
"Fisk and his men" Steve realized in horror.
. He still couldn't fit into this time.
Though he'd never admit to anyone that he was intentionally trying to rid Tony of Pepper Potto's scent.
"We have all the time in the world"
God. At the end he and Tony had been no better than the criminals they had arrested and locked away.
"I was overzealous in my use of the Space Stone. Decided to have a little fun jumping realities" Loki admitted with a careless nonchalant shrug, as if what he'd said was nothing unusual or potentially possessed long-term detrimental consequences, "And when I couldn't find one I liked I created my own. Apparently that's a big no no for the TVA. Oops"
While Steve's soul was revitalizing, while his plan gave him hope again, he would not allow the world to suffer for his choices again.
He'd spent his life dedicated to defending the weak. Protecting people. Hell he even boasted a 'no-killing' policy.
Buildings crumbling.
His wife.
Canon proof of Stony! <3
“That’s what we hypothesized as well” Pym confirmed.
"......He does remember that you're currently seven months pregnant with his third child right?" Rhodey exclaimed, his eyebrows hitting his hairline.
...Sometimes it just takes a leap of faith.
Despite what many may think, crashing the
Whatever those flashes were. Whatever those scenes.
“Alright there big guy, you’ve made your point and opinions loud and clear, but take it easy. I’m pretty sure this counts as elderly abuse” Iron Man quipped, trying to lighten the atmosphere and move things onto a more productive topic.
him a different story.
Natasha Stark-Rogers grumbled as she was jostled from her slumber.
The actuality?
"Well, not all of them right? I mean we're not actually going to listen to Kang the Crazy Train this time either when he was wrong last time?" Bee-Lady questioned, wanting a little more clarification.
Sam's attempt to maneuver away left him wide open for an energy blast to the chest, an opening Kang quickly took advantage of.
"Except be the quickest and sure-fire way to start re-stabilizing the flow of time" Not-SHIELD Steve unashamedly corrected, crossing his arms across his chest, "Other ways are possible but they could have potential unknown side effects themselves later on down the road that will cause you problems"
If the other Steve had done the same things as Tony...Did that mean Tony…
Tony's eyebrows scrunched in confusion, "...You do...Every morning at breakfast".
to truly reconcile it was too late.
“Tony Stark” Not-SHIELD Steve proclaimed, a hard edge to his voice as he unashamedly glared at me with quite an impressive degree of malice.
Tears welled up in Steve's eyes as he surged forward, grabbing onto Tony and pulling his body as close to his as he could manage with the table between them, holding onto his closest friend...no...the man he'd secretly loved for a decade as if he'd disappear at any moment.
“The you in the other universe. He had his mind toyed with and Ultron came about-”
Thank God he didn’t die proving your words wrong.
Something the other Rogers had failed to even try to do.
But even still.
"How can you say that after everything I've done? I started a war. I threw away the flag I swore to serve under. I hurt those I cared about!" Steve ranted,
“Wrong” I muttered, harshly rubbing the bridge of my nose.
Next chapter will be Earth-199999! So get ready!
Even though he had grown to care for them, they still weren't the people he had fought alongside. Befriended. Suffered and shared pain. Loved and lost.
He thought that he'd...that
"Well we know where your vote is" Sam stated, mimicking Not-SHIELD Steve’s movements, and meeting his eyes glare-for-glare.
“Wanda!” Steve cried out, trying to get the girl’s attention so she could focus on what was around her.
Safeguards. A resolve in the symbolic form of control lines.
"............"
Suddenly a painful tug yanked me away.
Enjoy!
"He owed me a dance. We danced. I was his partner. Just not the one he was waiting for. I was merely holding the spot until he found the right one" Peggy countered smoothly, eyeing Tony with a knowing grin, "And it's about time you both realized it too"
have more time.
“Something’s wrong. I can’t wake him up”
He couldn't handle the pain of his own reality any more so he copped out and ran off to live in a timeline where he could get that "happy ending" he didn't feel like he could have here.
Steve let out a sigh.
“No problem Cap. We’ll be in the kitchen when you’re done” Carol agreed.
"You and I...are good together" Steve tried to force out.
"Kang should have known the Avengers of his world would interfere" Kang sneered.
And she
It almost felt like dirt.
He was almost two hundred years old now after all.
never said anything.
The only thing Steve felt now, was as if he was falling through a void.
Steve let out a sigh of relief as he reached up to latch onto both of Tony's wrists.
“You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain” Not-SHIELD Steve proclaimed, the weight of his words hitting each and every one of them.
Stark always sang 'Danny Boy' to him every day without fail.
'Bring him back to me' Steve pleaded, not commanded, nevered commanded (he learned that hard lesson the first time), an image of Tony vividly displayed in his mind, 'The other half of my soul'
Steve blinked in surprise at the message.
“The Me here burned his world because he didn’t have his Tony Stark to stop him...But in doing so he gave me another chance with my Tony” Civil Warrior explained, looking slightly uncomfortable.
have yet to do a thing about it!"
Steve didn’t think his counterpart even knew how to let things go. In a way Peggy still being alive in this universe had made his counterpart latch onto what could have been, what he’d lost even more.
The devastation with knowing that Tony had been right, and that they had lost, but that they weren't together. They weren't together and Steve hadn't spoken to Tony since Siberia.
Steve stalked over to where Tony comfortably sat in his plush spinny chair, blissfully unaware of Steve's approach.
All the Avengers had gathered in front of Tony's room.
Logically Steve knew he was only annoyed because he was eager to know if Tony returned his feelings or not (He's waited long enough dammit!).
This time Steve had already braced himself.
"Then what-"
He'd learned that lesson well by now.
Something told me if she actually had a way to fix the timeline on her own she would've gone off and done so already (much like she had been ready to do when we first tried to locate Thanos).
familiar suit of red and gold.
His future was right in front of him.
"Come here often?" Steve breathed out, almost like a prayer, a relieved and sorrowful quirk of a smile making its way onto his face at the sight of one of his closest friends.
“Don’t even think about it. We almost lost you Cap. Strange almost couldn’t separate you from the other you’s memories. Right now you need to take it easy” Natasha scolded.
No reaction.
“So the Academy. Us. We were, what? Exactly?” Sharon asked, narrowing her eyes suspiciously at Fury.
“So what we can only assume that something catastrophic happened while we were adults that prompted Fury, Pym, and Odin to collaborate to try and correct things, which resulted in them de-aging or even possibly reviving us as teenagers” Steve concluded.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve eyes screwed shut.
Standing in front of Stark Mansion he rang the doorbell, using his access codes to let himself in and notify Stark of his arrival. According to the computer he was in his quarters.
And he
Suddenly the bright swirling colors shifted into a gray fog.
Sharon was still MIA...And his counterpart didn't even
God they were idiots too weren't they?
The familiar buildings of Timely in the not so far distance.
Passing the SHIELD Act.
For some reason he felt like laughing at Natasha’s futile attempts to set him up with someone. It reminded him of his Natasha’s ’skills’ in stealth. Ergo. Not very subtle.
Oh God no.
Years ago he would've thought that he'd have lost his mind. But after Galactus and the Maker? It wasn't the most unusual thing he's ever dealt with.
Tony just gave Steve a challenging smirk, unashamed as he felt the other man's eyes rake possessively over every visible inch of his body exposed for him.
And lo and behold, he saw it.
"Ay. While fit, your physique does leave much room for improvement" Thor agreed with a smile.
I'd just lost Bucky.
“-me on -eve!”
To make sure Bucky has something to keep him going while I'm gone.
"I told you Tony. I have faith in people. I have faith in
work.
If you were so worried than why didn’t you visit?
All he'd ever wanted to do was to help. To serve.
“I did” Not-SHIELD Steve deadpanned.
"What happened there won't happen here" Natasha stated confidently, cutting Rhodey off.
His wife loved him.
I wanted to see what would've happened if I had made another choice.
What bothered him more was...was…
Steve walked through New York City in a daze.
Silence.
'It's not possible' Steve thought, his weak heart stuttering in his chest as his adrenaline increased.
And Steve couldn’t help but drink in each and every detail, his fingers twitching in their desire to sketch the smooth lines of Tony's face, his chiseled jaw, and the dark chestnut curls looped around his head like a halo.
The fact that Stark doesn't see the same self-worth that he sees in him.
"It takes two to tango Tony. I played just as much a part in it as you did" Steve admitted, giving Tony a firm glare.
There was nothing that would ever remove the visceral image of Tony's lifeless eyes staring back at him.
"I think it's time we see just how much force that shield can handle" Bucky exclaimed, nodding his head in Bruce's direction as he fired off another round of denotation bullets.
One that reminded him far too much of Hitler.
To stand up for those who couldn't.
The acceptance of my fate.
Memories.
"You and I have plenty of time to catch up" she stated with a soft smile, leaning in to give Steve a soft kiss to his cheek.
(See the end of the chapter for
They told a different story.
Either way this would all be resolved soon, and everyone will soon be safe.
Which meant that he was likely experiencing a nightmare.
"You're okay" Tony calmly exclaimed, speaking gently as if Steve were a frightened rabbit, gripping what he'd hoped was a comforting hand on his friend's shoulder, "We've got you Steve. You're okay"
He also wore less tactical (or practical) gear.
“Wrong? Don’t tell me Kang trapping you in the time machine scrambled your brains?” Clint questioned, though his tone was casual I could see that he was tense.
"I saw another version of us...Of our Civil War" Steve explained, opening his eyes once more.
Was he dead?
Yes they had made some mistakes and people were angry. Afraid. But there was a difference between taking accountability, and allowing themselves to be corralled and subjugated out of fear.
Steve couldn't be saying what he thought he was saying could he?
The voice was so soft, if he hadn't been trapped in a space void of anything he wasn't sure he would've heard it.
"Memories. Well, another Steve's memories. From what I can tell Earth-199999 has a tear in its dimension. The origin of which I can't determine, but the fact you're receiving the memories of that universe's Steve's life may mean it involves him somehow" Reed hypothesized, still gazing critically as the monitor readings.
Tony just gave Reed a nod.
Talk about wanting to have your cake and eat it too.
He couldn't do it. He couldn't live in yet another time where he was left behind by the person he lo-
And he'd let that betrayal, that anger cloud his judgment. Blind him.
“So there’s a mass murderer of epic proportions headed our way?” Tony asked, sounding like he was running through different scenarios on how to deal with the threat.
“Probably a side effect of Fury using the Reality Gem to create our universe. More and more of it goes away as our universe develops” Strange theorized, still sounding out of breath.
Steve wanted to vomit. He wanted to leave. He wanted to go home to his universe where none of this happened! Where their ‘Civil War’ had just been childish and stupid. Where he and Tony had come together again at the end like they were supposed to!
"So my dream…"
Glass shattering.
Unwilling to admit his wrongs and even having the gall to write a letter to his Tony basically saying, 'Sorry not sorry. I understand you thought you were doing what you thought was right, but you were wrong. Have fun in an empty Compound while I have all the kids. Call if you need me'.
“Steve!”
Leaning forward she captured her husband's lips in a soft embrace. Their pace a slow and gentle caress as Natasha tried to relay all her love to her ridiculous husband.
Steve stared at the Gem in reverence for a brief moment before he tentatively reached out, grasping the it firmly between his fingers.
Both Sam and Bucky looked like they wanted to deck me for joking around so casually right now.
We made
Steve inhaled softly as the breeze swept gently off the lake, caressing his wrinkled face.
It was his time.
A second chance without him...Just like Peggy had married Daniel Sousa…
Gripping Tony's shoulders tighter, the guilty grief in his eyes shifted to a firm resolve.
More importantly he let his own emotions, judgments, and biases blind him.
God his counterpart had does the same thing.
The deaths of Howard and Maria Stark.
But he did.
But it hadn't been him reaching out olive branches. Pleading with Tony to find another way.
was where he should be.
"I'm glad that you believe so Mr. Rogers. It's always so much easier when those guilty accept their crimes" an unknown voice echoed throughout the room.
Though there wasn't much of it. Almost as soon as he pushed upward his covered hand felt open air.
Tony had told them Ultron shouldn't have been able to come online. That right there should have told them that something more was going on.
” Kang narrated, the particular emphasis on the tail-end of his speech sounding notably irate.
"I know you're a good man Tony. One of the best. And I hope you know that too" I told him, my voice resonating with a gentle confidence.
"The TVA" the star spangled man announced pridefully, as if the abbreviation meant anything to us.
“You hate me because I'm you...And you could have been me” I declared, assured in my determinations.
Mini-dimensional pockets where the worst time offenders were folded into mini-time loops until the TVA judges figured out what to do with them.
Bucky always did tell him that his mouth, courage, and sheer level of stupidity (he preferred tenacity thank you very much) didn't match up with the sickly body he'd been born with.
It was minuscule, but the other Me’s tension eased just slightly under the weight of his Tony’s gentle caress.
God he looked so
Steve could feel the heat rising to his cheeks as he realized that he had been blatantly oogling the other man for who knows how long.
He knew there'd be consequences.
Sitting up he was greeted to the sight of an exhausted and haggard looking Dr. Strange, and the rest of the Avengers clinging to the corners of his cot.
He'd been trying for
Hi All!
But in a way that would not get either of them shot.
And when a pissed off Thanos came knocking not long after, he was ultimately taken down by Carol and Thor. No casualties.
He'd been boring holes into the back of Tony's t-shirt for the last hour, trying and failing to get the genius to stop what he was doing so that he could take him out to a nice lunch.
If possible Tony's skin grew paler, his body trembling as he practically bent in on himself.
had fought in that exact place before. That
It wasn't
His plan was perfect.
"No. No. Not an option. No. We're not doing what they did" Steve rasped out in near hysterics.
I'd always admired him. And I know he'd always admired me.
Anyway, this chapter is slightly different from past chapters, but hopefully you all like it none-the-less!
Steve wanted to stay.
In the end they both moved on and
“The satisfaction of knowing that your fuck up with the realities in your timeline will no longer be screwing around with the rest of the multiverse” Blue Eyed Tony deadpanned.
With his eyes adjusted to the piercing light as opposed to the suffocating darkness, Steve took in his surroundings.
Sure enough, when Steve removed his arm from his eyes he saw the white ceiling of the med bay.
This is a fluffy chapter!
“-We all came here to help the heroes of Earth-199999 fix their timeline and stabilize their universe. So can we all focus on the matter at hand rather than acting like immature teenagers?” Buff Steve chastised, attempting to play mediator, though I hadn't missed the tightly hidden approval in his eyes at Not-SHIELD Steve's reprimands.
"Wait. You all knew about this?" Tony demanded.
Or rather it did...But that wasn't what was supposed to happen...What did happen.
He’s just being defensive. Can’t you see that?
God he was alive!
He was being stupid.
Steve felt himself relax at seeing the genuine concern and care reflecting back at him.
"As far as the TVA knows I am" Loki grinned, sharp and conniving, a dark humor in his expression.
Then just as suddenly the twisted rope of red, green, blue, and gold yanked him downwards. Or maybe it was sideways. He couldn’t be sure.
Again. This time a little harder.
That...had not been what he was expecting.
Steve shot up, covers ripped away, and gasping for breath as he stared unseeing, uncomprehending at the far wall.
intervention for the two of you to finally get your heads out of your asses right?” Natasha inquired wryly.
He was supposed to embody the American ideals. The American dream. Freedom. The whole spiel. Get married, buy a house, and have 2.5 kids...
Tony's brain blue-screened as he felt Steve's mouth open up his own for the taking, finally snapping back to reality when he felt Steve's tongue try and coax his own into motion.
And by the time he'd even started his Ton-Stark had moved on without him. Gotten married and had a family.
was because he actually saw the possibility of
He'd never been so happy to have a villain invade Earth.
But he knew no one would relinquish their rights to follow under his command. Their egos and selfishness wouldn't allow it.
As promised this time it's the AA universe.
sacrifice.
SHRA was a complete violation of their rights.
Steve took mental satisfaction at having blue-screened Tony Stark.
To help mentor Sam and keep an eye on Queens.
To be imprisoned in another universe knowing that your home, that your reality existed but was out of your reach was maddening.
I've been looking forward to writing this universe!
'Yes' Steve proclaimed without a moment's hesitation.
"Uh...Sorry Cap I don't know the Charleston. I'm not an old man like you after all" Tony fumbled out, cursing himself for getting flustered.
Steve shivered at the familiar sting of icy nothingness.
"For the longest time I had just wanted to do what was right. Somewhere along the way I lost sight of that" I stated, my voice sounding as far away as my thoughts were.
"...Oh" Tony muttered, unsure of how to respond.
Tony's eyebrows scrunched in confusion, "Uh...Reed did most of the work…"
Or maybe he would have been imprisoned in one if he wasn't so physically non-threatening.
If he had just taken advantage of what he had.
As an additional warning there is internalized homophobia in this chapter. None of the homophobic language is representative of my beliefs in
Sure logically he knew there were plenty of other women (and men) in the world. But…….
Thor was off-world with the Guardians, and while greatly disappointed he understood grief and making poor decisions while wallowing in it.
“The point is someone used you which gave the Gem the opportunity to take control of your Program. The Avengers of that universe, except for Vision and maybe Thor later on, blamed you for Ultron's creation. You blamed yourself. The world blamed you, even after it was proved that it was the Scepter's doing. And the woman who was the reason you went back to work on the Ultron Program in the first place said nothing of her own involvement. Not even when she became an Avenger" I explained in disgust.
God, his alternate self had done exactly what Tony had done to him.
should learn to stop referring to himself in the third person"
"What did you do?" Steve asked, the concern palpable in his voice.
Accidentally created due to their interference or not, returning the Time and Mind Stones would have stabilized this Loki's branch reality.
Steve's eyes traced along the shape of Tony's jaw, the smooth tanned skin, the neatly trimmed goatee, and the brilliant blue of his eyes.
To go from
“Or rather what did he do?” Natasha corrected.
He knew his worth. He knew there was more to him then just cannon fodder. That even if he lost the serum there'd still be more to him. Unlike the other Rogers he was confident in himself and who he was.
"Of course it does!" Steve exclaimed, as if it should have been obvious, his breath now coming out in frustrated pants.
“You need to release your magic!” Strange damn near ordered, golden sparks now adorning his hands.
But until now he'd never thought those feelings were returned.
'Both?' Steve wondered hazily.
Not anymore.
She was his past. Not his future.
It took a moment for Tony's brain to comprehend what exactly was going on...But when it did their mouths were a flurry of tongue and teeth. Soft nips and whimpers. With him happily, and possessively, exploring every nook and cranny of Tony's mouth and the contours of his body in ways he never had before.
"Kang tires of these games" Kang exasperatedly exclaimed, and began to levitate, green orbs springing from his person.
“Don’t even think about it” Clint warned, pointing a finger in Hulk’s direction as he chased after him, “Last time you ate all the peanut butter before I could even get any of it!”
Apparently his crimes hadn't been severe enough to warrant imprisonment in one of the Time Cells that were situated above him floating around him in loops.
Steve lifted his head up to see not only all of his friends, but the entire Avengers Academy Student Body had apparently gathered at their meeting spot as well, concerned for their missing leader.
Next up is Earth-TRN562 Avengers Academy!
(See the end of the chapter for
Wanda hadn't just been speaking of apologies...
It was Steve's expression that was truly unnerving him though.
But in the end he'd just felt more hollow than before.
Before Steve could even feel offended or question what the Gem meant, a searing pain shot up his arm as the world was overtaken by an orange glow.
There was just something that drew him to Stark.
Sharp indiscernible images flashed by, almost like a broken newsreel.
“What the hell was that?! You’re supposed to be helping him, not hurting him!”
And that was the crux of the matter.
"Watch it!" Sam desperately warned.
And he quickly rose up the ranks with none the wiser.
"So that's it? No trying to find another way? We just accept this?" Sam demanded irately, his eyes holding a cold fury at being abandoned yet again.
The story is actually a few chapters away from it's conclusion!
But truthfully he could care less.
Instead he gripped the sides of Tony's face and brought him closer.
But looking at Tony now, so carefree and lacking the wrinkles and stress lines that only seemed to increase every time he'd seen him, Steve couldn’t help but wonder if this was how Tony had looked in his younger years, before all the stress, trauma, betrayals, and hardships from his time as Iron Man had caught up to him...had worn him down...aged him.
Steve sucked in a ragged breath.
"Think about it Captain" Loki said smugly, looking much like the cat that had trapped the canary as he pushed off from the bars and vanished as if he were never there.
God why didn’t you cut the wire?!
"That seems to be the word around here" Steve conceded, huffing out a laugh, warmth blooming in his chest at the nostalgic banter.
From the memories he did get of his alternate self all he learned was not to let others (or himself) color his perception of Tony's character...And not to let assumptions and unaddressed issues tear them apart.
They didn't understand that if left to their own devices, that if the world, the people were left in charge of their own choices and freedoms that they were doomed to repeat history's mistakes, that their egos and arrogance in thinking they knew best would only cause conflict and destruction.
Steve turned to face the open balcony Peggy had directed him to, and the outline of a single person standing alone in its shadows.
“And we went to stop him” I followed up, holding my head as I willed myself to remember.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve felt the sudden urge to bash his head against a wall.
So was there a chance?…
Making him suffer the way he had when he learned of his betrayal.
"....If you're asking us to kill you I'm not okay with that" Bruce slowly replied, his voice a tumultuous sea of emotions.
The closest the two of them have been in a long time.
His unwavering confidence resonated with Her.
Finally after what seemed like forever Tony spoke, "Captain America is asking me for a booty-call?"
He wasn't about to profess his love like some heart-sick woman in some equally trashy romance novel.
As the warmth of the sun slowly made its way up his body, heating the silk of his green robe against his skin, and momentarily blinding him with all its power, Steve waited.
“Call Strange”
If you couldn't trust that Captain America had your best interests at heart than who could you trust?
Now if everyone else would drop their battle stances and accept that too they might not have to explain away any damages to Coulson later.
"Humph. I'd like to see you try. Wimpy arms" Hulk exclaimed.
'Very well then' She allowed, 'I look forward to seeing what happens to the souls around the both of you this time around'
He married Peggy, taking her last name. Stopped Operation Paperclip. Rescued Bucky. Had two kids of his own. Made sure Tony grew up safe and happy as his "Uncle Roger". Passed on the Captain America title to Bucky. And had Howard depower the serum so he could grow old with his wife, living to see the birth of his great-grandchildren before leaving to return to the time he never should have left in the first place.
I watched as Sam barrel rolled away from several energy blasts that Kang had launched from his hand, however before Sam could get too close Kang shifted his aim to the ceiling, causing debris to fall down on him.
"I stopped drinking. I shouldn't be hallucinating" Steve heard Stark mumble to himself.
"Hey Boss! Guess what?" David exclaimed, poking his head into Steve's office and leisurely leaning his arm against the doorframe.
"That's why Bruce wanted your body after you were killed" Stark realized, finally putting two and two together.
Steve closed his eyes as he took in a deep breath.
“You don’t get to use his words for this” Steve 616 exclaimed, sounding incredibly offended on my Tony’s behalf.
"Did you just wake up?" Steve asked, a frown forming on his face.
My eyes widened in realization, my attention finally diverting from
"Never thought I'd see you alive again" Steve quipped back sharply, narrowing his eyes at the Trickster.
I could've had so much.
Even in the throes of a nightmare Steve's enhanced senses usually made it so he woke up immediately when someone either called out his name or touched him.
In the end all his counterpart felt was complete failure. That he had failed them all...And...And...That he wished Tony was there. That he had somehow defied the odds like he always did and survived.
Bond had a prior history of hijacking and auto theft, but Steve found himself wanting to try giving the man a fresh start at life despite his shady past.
Hi All!
"His loss" Tony stated, giving Steve a salacious smirk, his eyes sparkling knowingly as Steve shifted his position, his chest now against his own as Steve firmly began to push him back towards their bed.
While the whole Hydra Cap incident had taught him that sometimes Tony's 'By-the-seat-of-his-pants' strategy was a good thing, Hulk was ultimately right in that he and Tony were who they were. And while he and Tony had learned from each other, he was still not one for spontaneity.
Too many things just didn't add up.
"He was the only one I'd told about the tests and machine. He'd always had his own theories that the Project did more than fix my health conditions. I suppose he was right after all" Steve theorized.
"This is scientifically impossible!" Stark exclaimed, finally snapping out of his stupor.
Like a tiger stalking its prey.
"I take it you're finally hungry then?" Steve teased right back, a sly grin forming onto his face.
Not that he was against the idea in the slightest.
Bruce gave me a conflicted glance out of the side of his eye, obviously disliking the fact he would have to leave his now vulnerable ex-teammate behind, but let out an accepting sigh.
I wanted to know in what universe that color combination wasn't a fashion no-no. Especially if everyone in Kang's universe had blue skin.
Clint dug into his pants pocket and smacked a wad of cash into her palm.
For the two of them to have that dance he had promised her before he had been trapped in the ice.
"I'd say you were making empty offers" Steve countered back, narrowing his eyes once again at the God of Lies, not liking that this Loki had more than likely done his research on why he was here.
He had let the government, sharks, and scumbags come between them. Manipulate them for their own gain.
Tony cringed a bit at that.
Gotten that "happy" ending.
Everything was blessedly quiet as the group surrounding me waited in anticipation for my vision to focus, thankfully with the serum my eyes didn't take long to adjust.
The stigma behind Hydra tainting all ears from hearing its wisdom. The solution.
"If they create a branch reality despite knowing full well it could destabilize the timeline and in turn their very universe, and yet they still choose to be a selfish prick? Then yeah" Not-SHIELD Steve bluntly proclaimed.
He wanted his Tony to say those words to him.
"The Tennessee Valley Authority?" Bruce questioned in confusion.
to listen.
The unspoken betrayal of our "til the the end of the line" hanging between us like a thick gray fog.
little wings on his head?
For him to pick a weapon back up again...
"The what now?" Carol inquired, curious just who the new variables were.
The only problem?
So why should he care what stereotypes say about who he should be with or not?
He and Tony were supposed to dance around each other until the worst of their resentment and regret was driven away with time. Tentatively returning each other's touches until the confidence, the trust was slowly built back through being forced to rely on one another again in the field.
Sorry its been so long, I have a lot going on in my life right now so it's hard to find the time to write. But I hope the chapter was worth the wait!
Sure he was no Reed Richards, but there was no way he was about to let that Anti-Hydra loyalist out of the Raft.
Because I hadn't made those choices the first time around.
The War's been over for years.
"Why? Because it's you?" Blue Eyed Tony inquired, a light exasperated chastisement in his tone, "Despite me saying so all the time, you're not perfect Steve"
"Who are you?" Sam demanded, none too kindly, likely fed up with having even more unknowns butting in.
One moment he felt as though every cell in his body was being ripped apart, put back together, and then ripped apart again. And then he had felt that split second where he was back in his old thirty-something year old body.
"Hey!"
"I'm not asking about SHRA" Steve immediately cut off, "I'm asking you if you truly believe that everything you did. Everything that happened, was worth it?"
'One that Tony never got' Steve thought miserably.
Steve sucked in a shaky, relieved breath.
This chapter is different from the previous ones, but is no less filled with Stony fluff and love!
"Feel free to test him yourself" Reed offered, not offended in the least. If it were Sue he'd want to triple check too.
"It's a date" Tony jokingly flirted.
"Steve I have work to do" Tony grumbled irately, though even he had to reluctantly admit that Steve was pretty damn comfortable.
"Utterly starved" Tony retorted, wasting no time in leaning forward to close the distance between them once again.
When did seeing him in such attires become commonplace for him?
“That he didn’t end up like the Hank Pym here?” Natasha bit out unmercifully.
of facing just what was he without a war?
Him and his own thoughts.
"I couldn't agree more Captain"
But it was just that.
“Well that was anticlimactic” Bucky stated, acting nonchalant, where in truth his suspicions had shifted from Kang now to the unknown ‘Avengers’ who had
"You fixed the problem though right?" Carol inquired, her voice a mixture of concerned and skeptical.
He knew Stark refused to make weapons after seeing the actions done with them in the hands of the dishonorable.
rights.
I groaned at the sharp rapid stabs of pain, clutching my head, desperately praying that this so called ‘connection’ wasn’t permanent.
Natasha sat up completely when Steve began to almost seize.
"And if I am?" I inquired.
“I honestly don’t know. I couldn’t tell you if I was just traveling through the different universes...Or if I was creating them. All I know is that when I finally let go of the Reality Gem I ended up here” Fury explained, an edge of resignation in his voice.
Steve marched his way into Tony's lab, his expression hardened with a determined resolve.
Which meant that something was seriously wrong.
Honestly he didn't understand why Doom didn't just give Steve his Blessing to permanently remove the threat.
Another shiver tingled up Steve's spine. This time in pleasure as he felt the contours of Tony's body against his.
have. And because of that you were left squandering" Steve exclaimed regretfully.
To speak with his Father more.
The result of residing within a null time zone he supposed...
“Steve!” Tony shouted desperately, reaching out to grab him.
Tony was-
“No!” Bee-Lady despondently screamed, desperately grabbing onto the hand I had resting against my cane, as if the action would somehow protect either of us from the attack.
Telling Clint that Nat and Tony were 'compromised' and that Wanda was being 'held prisoner' at the Compound.
"One word Steve" Tony stated, giving him a devious grin, mirth dancing in his eyes, "Fondue"
"Steve!" Natasha shouted, this time not being able to mask the concern in her tone.
He also wanted to knock his alternate self's "perfect" teeth out.
And boy if anything he was suddenly very grateful that Bucky had married Gail. That he had gotten the chance to live his life.
Steve wheeled around, coming face to face with the original love of his life.
“-teve!”
An image of a skull and six tentacles splayed across the city, as if laying a possessive claim, showing all just who the city...no...the world belonged to.
The opposing red force also dispelled whatever hold Kang had over Sam, Bucky, and Bruce, freeing them from where they had been stuck mid-motion.
Next up is Earth-1610 the Ultimates!
"I'm not about to sacrifice all life on Earth for one man. I vowed upon Tony's grave that I would never let anything like our Civil War happen again. That lives would never be undervalued. That no 'disagreement' would ever reach such levels again. We were always best together. That is why I became the Civil Warrior. Tony's tech and my shield. Together keeping the peace. Two halves of the same whole" Steve regaled, his eyes suddenly glinting with a strength superior to vibranium, "And I want the other half of my soul back"
calling him.
That the song was about Stark wanting a different legacy to be remembered by when his soul finally passed on from this life.
“Lunchtime” Hulk declared with a pleased smirk as he followed Carol out of the room.
"Right" Steve heard Tony agree, "I think we've already learned our lesson that the two of us are better together than apart"
Captain America proclaimed, tightening his grip on the Shield in his hand.
Steve stared at Natasha incomprehensibly.
"Yes Tony I'm well aware that I just kissed you" Steve stated, amusement and exasperation in his tone.
Trapped. Immobilized for all eternity in darkness and-
“Hank wasn’t an Avenger in that Universe” I explained, not taking offense to him cutting me off. I knew that Tony’s mind was like a speed-track.
"And instead of escaping you decided to come here to...what exactly? Because I know you're not here to gloat or pass the time" Steve accused, narrowing his eyes suspiciously at the Trickster, trying to gauge his angle in all this.
Any tentativeness left in Tony's eyes evaporated with Steve's retort, a sparkle of playful heat taking its place.
"There's being logical, and then there's basing things off theoretical physics" Bruce cut in, stepping forward at the unknown threat in our vicinity, "There's countless variables involved in dealing with time and space. Saying that killing Steve will fix the time stream is only theoretical, not pragmatic"
"Stark" Steve exclaimed, seeing the other man scuttled several feet away from him, his eyes wide in disbelief and...fear?
He'd lived the perfect life.
Steve slowly worked his way through the breathing exercises Bucky had taught him in order to help him with his asthma (Though the current tightness in his chest had absolutely nothing to do with dirt and dust).
If Steve hadn't felt the other Steve's emotions along with the memories he would've called his other self a narcissistic psychopath on par with the Red Skull.
Steve rose his eyebrow at her in mocking dread, recognizing that tone as the one she used when she wanted something she knew he wouldn't approve of.
Steve clenched his fists around the iron railing until his knuckles turned bone white.
An overwhelming guilt and regret clawed at his chest.
Stark.
Worse in some cases.
The shock on Tony's face would've been comical had the situation not been so serious.
Steve-199999 had been an even bigger fool than 616.
Had he done so Zemo wouldn't have had the ammo he did to use against him. Against them.
God Tony didn't even know how true that was.
“Back up!” Fury ordered, going over to Steve and inspecting him personally, Pym not far behind.
“Cut it off you fool!” Loki hissed, activating his own magic to shield those from getting hit by the backlash of Wanda’s spell.
The other him had loved Tony.
He, like everyone else, had already lost so much.
Hi All!
"Sleep Tony. Work later" Steve muttered, rubbing his head lightly over Tony's much smaller body.
Death by being turned into a pancake by the Hulk…Definitely an unexpected way to go considering I half expected to die choking on my own saliva by this point.
He had no idea how lucky he'd been to still have his Tony
Something along the lines of that he should've known as my pattern of behavior spoke for itself.
All the risks we had taken.
By the time he reached for his Avengers comm his heartbeat had returned to normal.
A part of him hoped that he'd see Tony waiting for him on the other side.
“How many Avengers does it take to whack a single mole?” Purple Archer sarcastically deadpanned.
When he could finally make out the details of his surroundings Steve realized he was in a modern version of the old Stork Club.
“Like I went a few rounds with Hulk” Steve replied with a grunt.
“You alright Steve?” Tony asked concerned, placing his hand on my shoulder, grounding me.
If he believed something was wrong he didn't care what the law or anyone else said.
“Steve. Do you know where you are? Do you know who we are?” Pym questioned him, shining a light in his pupils to check their dilation.
The shield felt more like a promise ring. A promise for the two of us to be better. Together.
"Now Captain, you will suffer. You will suffer as I suffered" Kang proclaimed, his expression one of sadistic glee.
And he sure as hell didn't lie to Tony about it either.
Curling his fingers around the tresses of Tony's hair, Steve gave the dark brown locks a firm tug, angling Tony's mouth in a way that allowed for better exploration. Tony's heated groan further inciting Steve to press closer as their tongues tangled together.
He may have called Tony a monster, but it takes a monster to know one.
"I suppose it's my turn this time around" I stated casually, as if I were merely talking about the weather.
The bed was rumpled and in disarray, but no Tony contained within in it.
I controlled my wince at the latest stab.
like him.
-silence.
It had all been
and alternate timelines were possible before I left.
"You've heard of it?" Steve inquired curiously.
But just as the attack rippled outward, another wave of red energy crashed into Kang’s attack, exploding the room into sparks of red and green, reminiscent of Christmas colored fireworks, before both dissipated completely.
But it was one of his few guilty pleasures.
"I'm just...thankful" Steve muttered out, unable to find the right words to properly express how he felt.
Tony groaned at the added pressure, hiking his hip up to grind himself against Steve.
"Admittedly the construction of the emblem is one of your better design choices" Steve commented wistfully back, the light tone in his voice a stark contrast to his inflexible posture.
Where was he?
Dying with regrets is my sacrificial punishment.
"The memories we're about you. About us" Steve stated, hoping to cut into Tony's line of thinking.
Except he wasn't that same man.
After losing both Nat and Tony he'd just felt so...done.
Stopping at the bench, Sam and Bucky turned to face each other, silently coming to a conclusion.
With his knowledge of the future Vanko and Stane never sank their claws in SI, and Carol was saved before she was kidnapped by the Kree. Banner didn't research into the super soldier serum, though he did make sure he and Tony met.
Steve leaned his head down, close enough to see his reflection in Stark's hope filled gaze.
Even though this chapter is a bit shorter I hope you all enjoy!!
"What...was that?" Steve muttered numbly, dragging a hand against his face.
He'd told himself not to get close to a man who had an expiration date. To not get close to yet another person he was going to lose like all the others.
"I'm no fag!" Steve proclaimed defensively on reflex, his hackles instinctively rising.
Sam had been happy for me at first. Even Bucky had given me his blessing to leave, though I knew he'd wanted to hog-tie my ass here to the present.
But scenting Tony gave him a deep-seated satisfaction that made his chest rumble.
And not stopping.
Sorry for the delay!
“The Hank Pym we know is not even from our Universe” a voice exclaimed.
I wasn’t going to run. And he knew it.
It would take time.
want to be better.
Hi all!
"Earth-199999 has a tear in it's dimension. Because of the tear Earth-199999 has become unstable, allowing frequencies to escape into other universes and resonate" Reed explained.
Neither could Rhodey (or any of the rest of Tony's family for that matter).
Now sporting an impressive frown, Kang launched some kind of green energy blast rippling out from his person like a wave.
I resisted the urge to laugh at the absolute shock on Tony's face.
Steve swallowed the lump in his throat.
And now?
“I believe that would be a question more for Dr. Richards than ourselves” Vision stated.
Steve watched in amusement as Tony sputtered unintelligibly, his face beat red.
"Steve!" Natasha called out frantically, shaking his arm in a desperate attempt to wake him up.
Just thinking about that made his blood boil.
The Natasha here made a lot of comments about him and Tony like that.
I blinked in surprise as a tiny woman dressed in black and yellow suit outfitted with wings flew into my line of vision.
Not like he had with Peggy or...Tony.
The absolute relief and joy seeing Tony alive and breathing after the Snap. Only for Tony to slap the reality of their relationship back into in place.
After Mooster Fantastic had freed up his mind he had actually growled at Pepper when she came into Reed's lab looking for Tony.
"The right thing. You would've been proud. Cleaned up my act and everything" Tony clipped disparagingly, self-loathing practically dripping off of his words.
The panic on Steve's face eased to relief at having Tony alive and in his arms.
Everyone having regained their bearings wheeled around to see yet another Captain America and…Tony Stark…
“No I...I saw things when I was in the machine. Another world I think. I keep getting these...flashes” I corrected, trying to assure my Team that I wasn’t about to attack them.
Feelings he knew were taboo.
Just like Gail and Bucky. Just like Peggy.
And so he did.
in a secret relationship in this universe! :) They were so cute! <3
Disbelieving silence.
What is this?
Right up until he no longer was.
"Then I'd tell you that all it would take is when the Chronomonitors connect you, the focal point, to the unstable branch reality you created and use their technology, enhanced by the Tesseract they confiscated from me, in order to 'reverse' time and thereby 'reversing' the creation of the reality you made, that you will have a split second after being forcibly deaged, before you die as a result of the procedure, to grab the Tesseract and teleport yourself to me where I will then stabilize your dying form and use the Tesseract to then transport the both of us to another reality where you can live out your life with your beloved genius" Loki hypothetically elaborated, making the entire convoluted plan sound as if it were the most simple thing in the world.
Now their sacrifice was all for
“Counter temporal frequency” Blue Eyed Tony replied, raising an interested eyebrow as his eyes took in Bruce’s appearance as well, but otherwise didn’t comment, “We’ve dealt with Kang before so we took a wild shot in the dark and hoped that the frequencies of their attacks were similar enough that we could counteract them”
For claiming to hate liars Steve-199999 had the frequent habit of omitting certain details from others if he didn't think the outcome would align with his goals.
And try as he might Steve couldn't look Tony in the eye right now. Not after what he'd seen.
"It was just a nightmare" he muttered, trying to reassure himself.
Tony couldn't bring himself to use the full power of his suit to deal me the finishing blow for my selfish mistakes...But in the end I was still stopped from causing more blights against the world by a man in a futuristic high tech suit.
Only two chapters left!!! The climax is upon us!!! :)
, the manipulation of time and space is child's play. Even our youngest just learning to read are taught the basic mechanics" Kang haughtily scoffed.
"But I think you've kept him waiting long enough. Don't you?" Peggy knowingly teased, her eyes directing him to the other end of the Club before leaving Steve to return to the dance floor with her husband.
As the sun passed by his eyes Steve turned his attention to the quiet city below him, his forces already out and on patrol, maintaining order.
Steve had been so grateful. So blessed. So fortunate that Tony’s little time travel mishap had given him and Peggy the opportunity to try again.
"Just give me a moment to finish up here Steve. Don't wanna cross any wires" Tony acknowledged, focused on making sure he didn't accidentally blow himself up.
And truly he would not wish that pain upon any version of himself.
A sudden bright orange flash momentarily burning his retinas before it dulled to a light glow.
Suddenly Steve felt the phantom touch of a kiss on his lips.
“No I…Everything’s kind of a blur. I remember things...But...Kang” I realized suddenly, the memory coming back and hitting me like a freight train, “We were fighting Kang”
Was that a slight abuse of power on his part?
Against
The moment Reed cured Steve of the coma he'd been placed in the other man shot up in alarm, his eyes riddled with panic, grief, and fear as he gazed uncomprehendingly at his surroundings.
Steve nodded at her appreciatively and forced himself to get up again, steadying himself when the floor felt like it was moving.
Speaking of said genius, even with his eyes closed Steve felt Tony trying to carefully wriggle his way out of his paws so that he could get back to sciencing.
Sorry for the delay! Hope it doesn't disappoint!
Shuri nodded, “He told me so himself that this world’s Hank Pym was still lost in the Time Fog”.
And by
I understood.
"Ay. It does my heart well to see that my fellow brethren have finally come together as one!" Thor exclaimed gleefully.
“Ay. I shall make haste” Thor declared, and with a twirl of his Hammer Thor launched himself into the air and through the corridors.
“So what does it all mean? That Fury, Odin, and Pym did something to us?” Bucky inquired, not liking the possibility that his mind, his body had been toyed with further.
My already paper thin skin lost all its pallor at the sight of the familiar metal suit.
Was this Hell?
Steve immediately flung his legs over the side of the cot, ignoring the pain in his skull. Of course he didn’t get far before everyone’s hands were on him, steadying him and pushing him back onto the bed.
He'd only realized it when Tony got married and had a family and life that didn't include him.
going to continue following in Steve-199999's footsteps.
Not with Tony's lifeless eyes haunting him every waking moment.
He couldn't be Captain America anymore.
exhausted, so she just decided to ignore his shifting and go back to sleep.
I may not be physically able anymore, but my mind held a sharper clarity and self-awareness than it had contained in my younger years.
Tony sucked in a stuttering breath, his disbelieving eyes widening to the size of dinner plates.
He knew his death was fast approaching.
“What...happened?” Steve asked, holding a hand to his throbbing head.
Red and gold.
After what seemed like forever, the pressure, the cord tugging me abated. The sudden cold of the tiles beneath my back a shock to my system.
He wanted to call the other Rogers a weak little pussy for his pathetic inferiority complex and insecurities...But he'd be lying to himself if he said that he didn't feel like that himself sometimes.
“-ve!”
But that was before either of them, any of my friends who'd been Dusted, knew what the serious ramifications would be because of my actions.
Was he hearing things?
It felt as if a thousand pounds were being added to him with each step that he took.
The Town. Red Wolf.
Only to discover that it was
"I'm still not entirely convinced you are not a zombie" Stark teased,
Though if he was being completely honest with himself he'd had a crush on Tony Stark long before the man had created his armor.
And after losing Nat and Tony he'd lost his drive to continue fighting on.
Enjoy!
Steve’s heart seized in his throat at the thought of Tony facing that Madman.
"Kang has already gone through this meaningless song and dance before with your kind. Going against my previous data I had hoped that this world's Avengers would see reason. Clearly my baseless wishes were for nothing. It would seem that in every universe you lot are fated to remain illogical" Kang sneered disapprovingly.
And yet for whatever reason Stark had flashed into his counterpart’s mind for the briefest of moments before it was flung away.
"I like the way you think Big Green" Iron Man backed.
"What if I could give you that happily ever after with your beloved Anthony Stark?" Loki baited, his grin icy sharp.
The cosmic cube had showed him the truth.
“Isn’t that a little hypocritical?” Bee-Lady countered back accusingly, flying right up to Sam’s nose with her hands on her hips.
Rhodey just gave her a pointed look.
Steve ignored the screech to push himself upward and out of whatever contraption had contained him.
He looked exactly as he had the day he died by his hand.
"So you're just supposed to abandon that person back?" Bucky challenged right back, his form tense and ready to strike at a moment’s notice.
"This was broadcasted to the world an hour ago" Sam relayed, his tone firm, the tension and controlled anger in his shoulders clear, though he remained professional, "Every station. Every channel. Phone, tablet, Apple Watch. You name it, it played it"
"Tony?" Steve called out, not able to fully control his anxiety over the genius not being where he was supposed to be.
He really should have known.
Reed blinked owlishly at him for a moment, confused.
version of "married" and "2.5 kids" later.
Together.
Their hate turned to a rivalry. Their rivalry changed to respecting one another as equals. And his counterpart's respect of the man slowly developed into feelings of love. A fact he hadn't realized until Tony and Pepper finally got married.
The fact that it wasn't technically him didn't really matter.
The moment the echo of Reed's footsteps were far enough away Steve turned his full attention back to Tony.
Sitting on the deck of a lakehouse, Tony tinkering with some machine as he sketched the landscape, laughing at the stupidity of their younger selves.
"Come" Sarah directed, leaving Steve little option but to follow her onto the dance floor, a few feet from where Peggy, and who Steve assumed was Daniel, were wrapped up in themselves.
Following Bruce's plan Carol launched herself at Kang, going full speed with every intent of cracking that shield open like an egg.
The world burned as they had.
"I figured we made such a good team last time, why not help one another once again?" Loki exclaimed, a mischievous glint sparking in his eyes as he stared appraisingly at the former super soldier.
“Something that none of us but them seem to remember” Steve finished grimly.
"Steve" Natasha called out a tad louder, firmer.
“There was a leak in our dimension. The interference stemmed from an alternate version of yourself from another universe. Because you are for all intents and purposes the same person, the frequency of the interference resonated with you, so when you laid down for a nap your mind opened up and caused you to begin melding with the other you’s memories” Strange explained, sounding very much out of breath.
I wanted to stay.
His outward appearance portrayed a man on a mission. Complete assurance. Confidence.
He and Tony were
"I was starting to think you would never show up. Daniel's been wanting to thank you in person for some time now" Peggy bulldozed forward, giving him a knowing smile.
Steve's breath caught at the implications.
"Then have JARVIS run the scans for you. If anything comes up I'm sure he'll let you know" Steve gruffly countered.
idiots.
“Touche” Blue Eyed Tony relented.
" I thought snidely, thinking of that letter he had written. If he could even call it that.
An anger I knew all too well.
Though he was almost certain most of Timely knew and turned a blind eye anyway (After all, men don't bridal carry other men when their ankle is jammed).
"Don't need to tell me twice" a man decked out in a ridiculously gaudy purple outfit that gave Kang's fashion sense of run for its money exclaimed, releasing the three arrows he had notched in his bow.
was around him.
"Can hallucinations and mirages do that?" Steve challenged teasingly, crossing his arms over his bandaged chest.
Kang unleashed the temporal disruption upon the helpless heroes.
He sensed a dimensional road trip in his future.
Things left unsaid…
A wry smirk slowly made its way onto Steve's face as he gingerly looped his arm around Tony's, intentionally groping his hand down the contours of the other man's arm until their fingers were wrapped around each other's in a possessive grip.
to get Stark to stop trying to commit suicide by alcohol and
The fact that within the confines of the saloon he was so raw. So vulnerable. And yet he hides it behind a drunken aloofness.
If Tony reached his hand out he slapped it with an EMP.
But that was the problem.
"Except this time he's right" I proclaimed, cutting into the conversation for the first time.
"Hey!" Tony accused, glaring at Steve like he was some kind of traitor.
"He's waking up!" an elated voice exclaimed, this one more feminine...And piercing.
"I want to wake up every day and see your face next to mine" Steve continued, stepping closer to Tony.
The two of them a mere hairsbreadth away from each other.
Steve didn’t understand.
Steve just gave her the look he usually reserved for whenever Natasha was in one of her teasing moods.
Sam, Bucky, and Carol shifted awkwardly, their stances tightening. None of them wanted to actually verbalize the solution they were all thinking.
Steve didn't even bother knocking, walking straight into Tony's room.
Would he have smashed Tony's RT with his shield?
Disappointed didn't even come close to how she felt towards me.
“Unequivocally” Loki exclaimed, leaning back against the tree.
"Peggy" Steve said, trying to keep his emotions from choking him up, still uncertain if this was all an illusion or not.
"Steve-" Peggy asked, sounding concerned at Steve's sudden panic.
Sure he'd been happy with Peggy. He loved their children. Grandchildren etcetera. Bucky never suffered, and even ended up marrying Natasha (who he'd rescued from the Red Room early).
It may have taken him a long time...And an unexpected journey of self-discovery across the Multiverse.
"Was it worth it?" Steve demanded, not bothering to beat around the bush.
He hadn't considered that possibility. Sure people around the world were still waking up to a newly rebuilt universe, but he figured Ton-Stark would have awoken already by now.
Nothing was going to stop him from achieving his objective.
Steve's brows furrowed in confusion, "What footage?"
Of all the things Steve had expected when he was arrested by a multiversal time policing agency...This was not it.
They had two beautiful children. James Edwin and Sarah Maria, and a second son on the way.
Her husband didn't whimper.
To officially meet little Morgan who was the apple of her Father's eye.
No they didn't need a label.
“He’s starting to shake!”
Next up is Earth-61311 Hydra Supreme Steve!
“He’s charging up a ton of temporal energy. If he releases that we’ll all be frozen in time!” Iron Man urgently proclaimed, immediately activating his repulsors.
Steve's breathing stuttered, unable to catch a clean breath as he gazed upon his Mother for the first time since he was eighteen.
Steve turned to see a mostly naked Tony rush out of his oversized bathroom, steam bursting behind him.
?” Clint stated, making an exaggerated grimace.
As a portal bloomed into existence and began to wrap itself around us I gave everyone a final imploring look.
Despite my aged vocal cords having lost their strength years ago, my voice still echoed throughout the room, my tone to the point and unwaveringly firm.
Tony lied to him. Betrayed him.
His arms knocked against what felt like wood.
He'd never gave a damn about the norm before.
Stark's eyes widened.
Having fully charged up his cannon Kang stretched out his arm, his glowing green fist directly in front of my face.
“You know that what happened with Purple Man wasn’t your fault right? That nobody blames you for what happened?” I asked him.
! All gone. Dust in the wind.
"Just do it!!" Natasha yelled, the panic in her voice evident as a sob tore through Steve's throat.
"And I bent over and said, I love you"
A voice he never thought he'd hear again.
"I'm thankful to have you...Alive. With me" Steve proclaimed, "In any capacity you'll have me"
