Setting his expression into a bitch-face, Dean stated flatly, “I know what year it is, I’m not dumb.”
Cas could feel his cheeks burning up as they flushed at the implication, and there was a very pleasant, unmistakable heat pooling in his gut. No one ever got him as aroused so fast as Dean. It was exhilarating. “Good.” Dean chuckled and even winked at him and Castiel barely refrained from taking in a loud breath.
“Heh,” the blonde lifted his head, resting his chin on Jimmy’s breast, and mused in mumbled words, “Usually you’d be right.”
“You’re flawless, Dean. Absolutely, fucking flawless…” Jimmy breathed out, his fingers flexing over the seat to keep from reaching out and stroking the soft and smooth skin of his ass, touching his freckles. It was only then that he realized that the music was not even loud enough to have a chance against the sounds of sex, the squelching noise of Dean working himself up and down and back and forth on Jimmy, and the noise of skin slapping down on skin. It was all too much and Jimmy squeezed his eyes shut to concentrate on not coming too soon. He wanted this to go on forever.
There were a bunch of questions in his head right now but Cas kept his mouth closed and decided to wait for Dean to explain what was going on because the man just looked so utterly sweet in his lap with that sheepish smile and the way his teeth bit into his bottom lip. So instead, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle to place his hands on the small of his back and press his boyfriend’s body further into his own. He let one hand travel up his spine to stop at his neck, tracing the edge of the collar while his other hand dipped even lower, two fingers finding their way into Dean’s pants.
“We’ve been through this, Dean. We are not,” Cas said with a soft voice, setting his book down next to him slowly.
After a few minutes, Jimmy joined them in the tub as well, holding a washcloth in his hand while lowering his body into the water in front of them. Cas watched him get comfortable for a moment, then said, “He’s still very out of it,” as he stroked the soft skin of Dean’s belly.
“Accountant? Isn’t that kinda boring?”
Nodding, Dean mumbled, “Yeah… mhhh, fuck, that was good…” and Castiel smiled fondly. He watched a bead of sweat make its way down Dean’s chest, dripping down his torso at an enticingly slow pace. Carefully, Cas leaned forward to lick it up, swiping his tongue across his boyfriend’s soft skin while holding him tight so that he didn’t fall backward.
Then he thought about last night and how angsty and worried Cas had been and remembered that his twin had asked Dean a few times if he wanted to talk about it this morning. But their boyfriend had been fine, and Jimmy thought Cas had been too. Maybe he was wrong, though, and Castiel truly was sitting at work and driving himself crazy with worry.
“Well, then I get to wake up with your dick inside me, which must be nice…” Dean mused, tracing patterns along the skin of Jimmy’s arm.
Teasingly, he leaned a bit towards his boyfriends and said, “I thought you said you were good at this.”
He repeated the movement a few times before falling into a more manageable rhythm, less dramatic though no less intense. The only thing moving was Jimmy’s hips where Castiel had used his entire torso to roll into Dean, ending the move with his hips. Even though his thrusts weren’t as long and deep as Cas’ had been, Jimmy made sure to angle his thrusts to ensure he nailed his boyfriend’s prostate on every inward glide, which, judging by the way Dean responded to him, worked just as well for Dean.
All he could do was nod and press his lips against Dean’s in a quick kiss before leaving the room and doing what he was told, although walking with such a boner was not a pleasant task. He took his time and when he brought the chair into the bedroom, Dean was already done with the bed and he barely managed to place down the chair in the corner of the room before they heard the distinct sound of rattling keys and the door being opened as Cas came back from his trip to the store. The two of them shared an understanding look and Jimmy left the room, closing the door after him, at the same time as Castiel entered the apartment and closed the front door.
Dean seemingly relaxed into it, though he grunted and gasped whenever Castiel’s big hand doled out smack after smack. Jimmy wondered if he could feel every finger as he watched the scene, taking in the white imprint of Cas’ hand on his skin before it turned bright red. The Dom was working mostly with the palm of his hand and his fingers together to cause a deep, pounding sensation that Jimmy thought he must have felt deep in his bones, pushing Dean’s hips into the spindle of the chair, his hipbones connecting with the wood sharply. He mixed that with sharper strikes where he kept his fingers widespread and the piercing
“Massage your scrotum, Dean, and play with your urethra with the other hand.” Shuddering visibly, Dean nodded and complied. He started cupping his balls with his left hand and fisted his right one directly underneath his head to swipe his thumb across his slit, gasping loudly as he pressed its blunt nail into the opening, while Castiel kept thrusting into him, slowly picking up the pace as he neared his climax.
Now, Castiel was able to read them like a book and this slight but unmistakable sparkle in his eyes and the wrinkles at the corners – smiling with his eyes – told him just how much he was enjoying this. Plus, Dean's irises shone a deep moss green in the dim light of the candles, but his dilated pupils were decipherable nevertheless.
Castiel stepped behind him and crouched down a bit, gliding his hand up Dean’s thigh and over this asscheek to slide it over to the plug and tap the pad of his finger against it teasingly. “Is it on?”
extended his hand and Castiel took it, right before he noticed the wristband around it. He had never believed in fate but he felt lucky anyhow. Dean was not just the most attractive man Castiel had ever seen, he was the most beautiful Submissive that ever stood in front of him.
“You really think I’d still be alive if he’d found out?” Dean asked drily, only half-joking, his eyebrows raising. “I made sure he’d never find out. Besides, I didn’t even like that I felt this way back then, so I didn’t truly act on it.”
Dean merely laid his eyes on the tattoo from where he was sitting and smiled contently. “Looks great. I won’t need that, I trust you.”
He traced the silk around his wrists with a finger and Dean watched the motion, seemingly fascinated, although he did manage to get a nod from his lover and a quiet, “Everything’s perfect, Castiel. Feels good.”
Then Dean walked toward the corner of the room where they kept the vinyl player and stereo on a stand and fiddled with his phone to turn up the volume of the music so that Jimmy and Cas were able to hear the beginning of Def Leppard’s
“You two,” Dean answered quietly.
Jimmy had probably never been as nervous and excited at the same time as he was now, on a stage with his twin and beautiful boyfriend while a few dozen eyes were focused solely on them. He was glad that he could finally take that damn seat now after he’d been waiting for that for seemingly ages because, if he hadn’t, he was sure his legs would have started shaking any minute.
When he withdrew to open the drawer and take out the bottle of lubricant, Dean made a sound close to a whine at the loss of Castiel’s body heat, but as soon as his hands took hold of the lube, he was back behind the blonde and gripping his thighs with both hands, smirking mischievously.
“It’s more complicated than that…”
leave without him. Dean told him
“Alright,” Cas said softly, “But I’d like to do some adjustments.” Dean just nodded once more and turned back around to get into his previous position again; on his knees, legs wide spread, and chest to the mattress. “Very well, now I’d like you to sit back on your legs so that your butt is on top of the back of your ankles.”
“Tell me, what would you do in the shower?”
Giving a sincere smile at their typical worries, Dean pointed to his left and said, “They’re still steaming, so I’d better snatch one before it’s too late,” and Jimmy and Cas followed his gaze to see two more cups of coffee standing on the sunbed next to him. Then Dean placed down his mug between his thighs, unwrapped the blanket from around his shoulders, and held the endings into the air, raising his brows and looking at them expectantly, “Well? What are ya waiting for? You wanna freeze to death out here? Snuggle up.”
a “big-ass” bathtub. Even the price was okay and with Jimmy’s income as a famous tattooist and his own income as a successful accountant, they already covered the rent with enough money left to live their lives as freely and comfortably as they did before.
“Hm?” Dean hummed, closing his eyes and letting out a small breath as Cas leaned in to nose along his cheek.
“Don’t listen to it, Dean. You deserve this and it doesn’t make you any less than the loving and caring person that you are. If you wanna date both, then do it. Jess and I don’t care about how many people you date or end up being in a relationship with, as long as they treat you right and make you feel good.” Sam’s face cleared a bit and there was a blush creeping up to his cheeks. “I mean, there are polyamorous relationships out there that are healthy and just like any other. Of course, that doesn’t mean you should have one, I’m just saying that, if it should come to it, we’d be happy for you, Dean. You know we would be the last ones to judge.”
Sam closed the door after his brother entered the apartment and chuckled at Dean’s antics. He had already lost his jacket and kicked off his boots by the time Sam turned around and answered, “Missed this?” He pointed at the scattered clothes on the floor with an amused head-shake. “Right. Of course.” Dean caught the false annoyance in his look and smiled cockily, looking about the room he was standing in as if he’d never seen it before. “So, how’ve you been? Anything new happen during the days we didn’t call?”
In lieu of a verbal answer, Dean merely smiled and turned back around, shifting to his knees once more and crawling on top of Jimmy’s crotch backward. “I told you it’s for both of you,” he stated, meeting Jimmy’s eyes over his shoulder before grabbing his still erect cock and guiding it towards his open and waiting hole.
had been.
Waggling her eyebrows once more, Jessica teased, “Like an attraction to a certain green-eyed Winchester?”
“Good,” Dean breathed, turning his head to the side to nuzzle Cas’ wrist.
“I’m ready,” he whispered, his voice low and quiet, and Cas wrapped a protective arm around his waist to press him against his chest and bury his nose in the hair at the top of his head.
Jimmy sat in a dark and quiet room, only a few other people occupying seats behind him, and his eyes were fixated on the stage in front of him since he was seated on the left side of the first row. There was no movement on it, whatsoever, and it continued to be silent even as more people came together in the room, everyone taking their seats until there weren’t any free spots left.
“Good,” Dean whispered, sounding content and breathless, and Castiel continued to praise him then.
Shrugging, Castiel wrapped the rope around Dean’s waist by running each end in opposite directions and tied it off in the back. “I just like it. There’s something about the slow drag of rough rope against tender skin that gets me excited. It’s putting it on and taking it off but also seeing Dean in something I created that makes me feel powerful in a different way. And knowing that Dean will be wearing it all day and will be reminded of it with every move he does, makes me feel good. Knowing he wears something that– that’s me in a way… it makes it easier for me to let go and forget about other people looking at him because he’s mine. It’s like the rope is some kind of claim I put on him and every person that would try and put their hands on him or take his clothes off, they’d feel and see it, which makes me feel… contented, I guess.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Smirking, Castiel kept applying pressure to the spot to milk his prostate and he watched as Dean’s whole body twitched and his cock steadily leaked white, milk-like fluid. When Dean tried to withdraw the stimulation, sobbing and pleading, Cas placed a hand on his back right at the slope where his shoulders began their enticing curve towards his ass and pushed him down on Jimmy to keep him in place. And instead of rubbing and circling his prostate, Castiel pressed down on the spot with his finger and just left it there, then watched astounded as Dean’s balls tightened once more, his walls clamping down on his finger, and his cock gave another twitch as the blonde came with a shout of surprise. His cock was soft, though, since his orgasms were too close to one another and there wasn't enough time for him to get erected once more. And if that wasn't just the hottest thing Castiel had ever witnessed.
Had he been asked another time, Dean would’ve answered
And as assumed, Dean chuckled warmly and nodded his head, admitting, “It sure is. Now I know why I’ve never been the relationship type before… guess one person just made me feel caged.” The last thing was said sarcastically but Sam was certain that there was some truth to it anyway, so he just nodded and smiled fondly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Still mumbling
Nodding, Dean said, “Yes, Castiel, I’d love that.”
And so they fell into comfortable silence, and Jimmy enjoyed merely stroking Dean’s lower back and massaging his fingertips into his scalp, listening as Dean’s breathing slowed down gradually. Right before he could drift off completely, though, Cas entered the room quietly and smiled fondly at them, setting down a bag next to the door and starting to take off his jacket.
Jimmy’s lips parted and he took a cautious step forward, his eyes wide, and Cas’ expression turned from soft to hungry. Yeah, Dean knew exactly how to get them weak.
The weird thing about this, though, was that Castiel had never felt like this before. Sure, he’d felt arousal during a play before and Dean had brought him close to coming without having even touched him a few times before as well, but Cas had always been able to concentrate on what was important, and that was not his own orgasm. His Sub’s needs had always come first for him, and while
On the right side of the door was a small bathroom with a shower, sink, toilet, and washer and dryer, which would be used mostly for guests since the main bathroom was upstairs.
He was smiling like an idiot by the time they parted and when he saw Dean’s lips all pink and swollen, Jimmy pecked his lips once more just because he could. Dean grinned lazily and went with Jimmy as he tugged on his hand to lead him back towards the chair. He sat down on it again as Jimmy went to grab the ointment, bandage, and tape and watched with a tiny smile on his lips as first the ointment, then the bandage was applied and got taped up to secure it.
It was so sweet how Dean was always eager to please and be good for them and Cas just loved it. The blonde was by far the best thing that had ever happened to him and he still found himself speechless at his luck sometimes.
“Huh,” Dean mused, looking at them with amusement, “We never actually
“Nah, it’s fine,” Dean assured, grinning amused as Jimmy pressed wet kisses into the skin of the crook of his neck, mindful of the bruises. “It doesn’t disturb my sleep and I like it, you know, makes me feel wanted. I only feel you do it when I’m waking up.” Another kiss was pressed into his skin before Jimmy rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder once more and smiled softly.
At that, Dean chuckled slightly and Castiel was able to see the relief smoothing his features slightly. “Yeah, Jimmy and I talked about that as well. While I love my brother as you love Sam, there is and never will be more than that between us. Brotherly love is all we share except you. Think of it as the open relationship we already discussed, but not as two separate ones but one polyamorous relationship between the three of us. That would mean that you’d be our partner and we’d be your partners but Jimmy and I wouldn’t be each other’s partners, do you understand?”
A sad expression crossed Castiel’s features at that but he was quick to take on a tender smile again, grabbing Dean’s shoulders and turning him back to the mirror gently. His voice was filled with adoration and meaning when he said, “When I look at you, Dean, I don’t see flesh or skin. I see strength. Courage. A headstrong man.” Cas kept eye contact with Dean in the mirror stubbornly even as the blonde seemed to fight against it a little. “I admire how you seem to shine from the inside, how you glow and infect everyone around you. And I see a man that I admire as the untamable force of nature that he is.”
But they were taking it slow, so a round of dirty sex in a beach house wasn’t an option.
It took a moment for him to realize that he was tracing the lines of his tattoos and he looked down, watching Dean’s pointer finger glide across his skin in a feather-light touch. He had his other hand underneath his chin to prop his head up, so his words were a little bit mumbled when he said, “I love this one.”
Once they were through with those dark stories, their conversation took a turn into happier territory and they started talking about the stupid things they used to do as kids, asking ‘you remember that one time?’ or ‘did you ever?’ and basking in shared, happy childhood memories.
“Why? Didn’t you just stain the floor when you came?” Cas teased, his fingers trailing up and down Dean’s crotch right next to his soft cock without ever touching it.
A few seconds before Dean ejaculated, Castiel told Jimmy to gently pull the rod out all the way so that their boyfriend could come whenever he was ready, which was why Jimmy spent the last moment with his lips around Dean once more and his tongue dipping into his slightly stretched slit before his orgasm hit. When it finally happened, their boyfriend truly almost yelled and Jimmy was once again trying to swallow every last bit of Dean’s cum as if it was sacred.
“I can hold it, Castiel, but I think I need help sitting down and getting up again.” His voice was soft and Cas nodded, extracting an arm towards the toilet to indicate he step up to it. When they stood in front of it, he carefully pulled the nozzle out with a little more resistance than usual since Dean was already clenching his cheeks tight to prevent the water from rushing out of him, then helped his Sub sit down on the toilet and deposited the nozzle in the sink while he listened to the sound of water running. It was much like the sound of someone peeing and Cas smirked. He knew how intimate this was for Dean and he made sure to reward him for this later.
After a while of continuing to stare intensely at Castiel’s unwavering eyes, a mischievous smile slowly spread across Dean’s face as he moved in his chair again but he didn’t say anything. And he didn’t know why, but that somehow seemed to turn Cas on even more and he cleared his throat, cocking a brow at his boyfriend and asking, “What are you looking at, dear?”
Until then, they learned about his hard time finding real friends at school and feeling lonely most of the time. While he wasn’t infamous at his high school, there had been a lot of shallow people who used him to get their way, and most of the time, he either didn’t notice or didn’t care, saying that he, perhaps, had been a bit shallow back then himself. He also told them about the fights he used to get involved in, that there had been a phase where he even smoked a lot until his father – “on his rare days spent at home, watching some crappy soap-opera while half-drunk” – caught him with a pack of shitty Marlboro that he had stolen from a gas-n-sip, and punched the crap out of him for owning them, as Dean said, which led him to never smoke again. It shocked Cas to hear that their father had been this violent and it wasn’t easy to listen to stories about him but he took every information about Dean’s life that he could get.
It almost took massive effort to hold still right now and take in all the sensations. The feeling of Dean’s rim gripping him so tight right underneath the head like a goddamn vice had Cas trembling, and he wasn’t even all the way inside. “Let me hear you, Dean. Don’t ever hold back what’s mine.” The sounds Dean made were only for him tonight and Castiel didn’t want to miss any of it.
And then their boyfriend started to move, beginning with subtle sways of his hips to the rock song in the background, turning his body enticingly while keeping his hips swinging. Dean was a freaking vision, dressed so temptingly, offering himself in this way, and Jimmy found himself enchanted. He couldn’t take his eyes off of him if he wanted to because everything about this was beautiful and hot as Hell at the same time. The way he moved was hypnotic, putting on a teasing display with his body by suggestively rolling his hips and gyrating with the upbeat song while he kept turning in a little circle to make sure Cas and Jimmy got their fill of all of him.
Nodding, Jimmy surmised, “So you made them wear rope underneath their clothes. That’s smart.”
Almost whispering, Dean said, “He– he didn’t. I asked, he didn’t and I believe him. He was drunk but… but not
Once out, Dean had to catch a cab and tell the driver to wait in front of his place so he could grab some money. When he entered the apartment, the first thing he saw was the bloodstain on the wall and he cursed at having to go buy some white paint now to cover that up, wasting even more time than he already had. At least he’d gotten some sleep in the hospital…
“What? The scenes?” He nodded and Dean said, “Yes. I’m, uh, I dunno. I guess I’m just not that into the public stuff. Although it’s nice to look at.”
Benny’s eyes widened and he hurried to assure, “No! Of course not. He thinks we broke contact. I’d never go behind your back like this.”
In it was a leather collar in a dark mahogany shade with an O-ring in the front. The top strap holding the ring in place was hand stamped, giving it an embossed look, and stained to highlight the texture. To make it comfortable enough for him to wear all day, there was a soft inner leather lining so that the collar wouldn’t chafe or scrape Dean’s neck.
“No and no. You?”
Dean took one hesitant look at Jimmy, biting his lip in that way he knew exactly affected them pretty easily, and dropped to his knees between them without so much as a word. For a moment, Castiel and Jimmy were left looking down at Dean questioningly, before it dawned on them what their boyfriend was implying, and Castiel’s blue eyes went wide as saucers as he stared down at him.
“Do it,” Dean moaned, spreading his legs invitingly and meeting Cas’ gaze, who stood next to them, watching with glazed eyes as Jimmy pulled the panties aside to see Dean’s clean-shaven crotch. Castiel’s lips were parted and he breathed heavily but otherwise, he was still and concentrated on what was happening in front of him. “Take me. No condoms, please, I’m clean. Look into the-
“It’s true, Dean,” Jimmy chimed in, catching Dean’s attention. “You’re the most experienced one I know, too. So, what if you’ve never gotten a tattoo before you went to my salon, you’ve done tons of other stuff that I haven’t even heard of. And it’s the same with Cas. Suspension is the
“Is that so?” One corner of Dean’s mouth turned upwards in a cocky grin and he readjusted his arms behind him so that he could lean back on them and present his torso in a slight, beautiful arch to Jimmy. His pants sat low and Jimmy was able to see the waistband of his boxers peeking out of his jeans and there was the faintest trail of blonde hair underneath his belly button down into his pants. His happy trail was barely even visible and Jimmy admired it. For unknown reasons, he was sure that Dean was usually clean shaved and the thought was so hot, that Jimmy had to think of something less arousing in order to keep his cock from betraying him.
which is a full-body harness mostly performed on women. But I think it looks equally beautiful on men. Additionally, I will bind your arms in front of your body because you will still have to use them for leverage.”
“How can you be so sure you will? What makes you think that I’ll change my mind as soon as I get to know the real you? I’ve already heard what this Dean is like, he was shy and uncertain as he talked about intimate things in a stranger’s bed with their arms around him. Whatever it is that makes you sure you’ll scare me away… tell me. Or tell me you didn’t feel the same connection to me. Dean, just say what’s going on in that head of yours, because I don’t understand. You gave me this number so I’d have a second chance and I don’t think you had any other purpose for it. What are you so afraid of, Dean, that you keep changing your mind?”
When he withdrew his face from where it was pressed into Dean’s neck, Castiel stole a look at the blonde’s face and saw that Dean’s eyes were half-lidded just as they had been before, but still not entirely closed. His gaze was unfocused, he didn’t look Cas in the eye or at Cas at all. Thinking about it, ever since Castiel told him he was beautiful, Dean hadn’t met his eyes and he wondered if it might have something to do with it. Of course, it could’ve also just been coincidence and it had nothing to do with what he said because it was a habit of Dean’s not to lock eyes on someone else’s during sex or it made him uncomfortable. But Cas wanted to know for sure, so he grabbed Dean’s shoulders and gently shoved him down onto the couch to lay him flat on his back once more, hiking his legs above his shoulders and bending him in half so that Castiel was able to fuck into him properly. Each thrust moved the blonde along the sofa and the leather cushions underneath made sounds of protest, accompanied by a litany of swears and sharp, abrupt and loud moans being punched out of Dean.
He only had a moment to watch as Dean’s expression turned into a pouting one before it suddenly changed to surprised, letting out a shriek as a pair of arms came wrapping around his torso and pulling him back into the water. Castiel laughed heartily at having caught Dean off-guard like that and expertly dodged another splash of water directed at him as revenge.
Cas already had a few ideas and the excitement grew even stronger inside of him. “What about something soothing first? Combined with a play session.”
The blonde, on the other hand, was giving head in his state of floating as if he’d never done anything else in his life – only that there was a lot of saliva now, which Jimmy didn’t mind at all – and Jimmy was once again absolutely fascinated with his boyfriend’s skills and abilities. He was sure that, if he’d been in Dean’s situation, he’d been choking on the dick without even knowing he was choking. But he tried to ignore how much skill he lacked when it came to blowing someone and instead concentrated on Dean’s wonderfully sloppy ministrations on his cock while trying to give back some of it until Dean came down his throat without so much as making a sound. And even though Jimmy would have loved to come as well – and he knew that Dean would have wanted it –, he didn’t let himself because Dean was in no position to swallow his cum right now. With him so dazed and deep into subspace, he would’ve certainly choked on it, in a non-pleasurable way. So Jimmy merely enjoyed how boneless Dean went in his hold and the feeling of Dean’s mouth going slack against his hard erection before giving Cas the signal that now would be a good time to get their Sub back on solid ground.
sorry? It’s not your fault. Please stop saying that.”
As careful as never, Cas had wrapped both of his large hands around Dean’s collar-free neck and told him to give a signal as soon as he started feeling weak or felt himself getting lightheaded and his vision began to blur. Then he had tightened his grip around Dean’s neck and squeezed the sides at first, trying to warm Dean up by cutting off the blood flow before truly starting to choke Dean. Different than during any other scene before, Jimmy had been able to watch how scared and worried Cas had been that something might go wrong, and he had stopped squeezing twice before Dean had given him any signal because he had thought Dean might start to faint and would safeword soon. He’d warned him that if he didn’t give him a signal, he would just stop when he thought it was enough, but Dean had promised to give him a signal this time, which he really did. But Castiel had been more worried than ever before and Dean had almost fainted before the Sub had given his signal. It had been too close a call for Cas, so he’d stopped after that, even though Dean hadn’t been happy about it.
Castiel didn’t want this to be a scene, he didn’t know enough about Dean’s likes and dislikes, but he liked to give orders nonetheless and Dean seemed keen on following them. If he could make Dean feel better with simple tasks, then there was no harm in using this part of his dominant side on Dean just then.
At least now he didn’t have to hold his tears back.
“Okay…” Sighing, Sam suggested, “We’ll do the talking and you just nod or shake your head as an answer.”
, to use that gravelly voice to whisper obscenities into his ear while having him on his hands and knees…
The only thing uncomfortable left was the fact that he was laying on his boner and that it poked uncomfortably into his stomach, but Cas was sitting on his thighs to massage his back so there was no way Dean could change his position. He tried to ignore it as best as he could and instead concentrated on the sound of people taking a swim at the beach and the feel of the silk rope digging into his skin whenever Cas shifted or kneaded the skin close to his ass. Though, he didn’t have to worry because, as soon as Castiel and Jimmy were content that he was now covered with enough sunscreen to protect his skin from the sun, they laid down on either side of him and he was finally able to turn onto his back, his chest that had been taken care of right at the beginning now bathing in the sun, and his dick standing proud.
It frustrated Cas but not as much as it made him feel worried and sick to the stomach.
With mentioned belt in hand, Castiel gently guided Dean’s arms behind his own back and the Sub automatically wrapped the fingers of his right hand around his left wrist, as if this hadn’t been the first time he’d been in a situation like this. Then, Cas started to bind the cold leather around his wrists, mindful of his injuries, and asked, “You want to be punished with the belt?”
Being able to kiss Dean again was thrilling, and every time Cas’ tongue brushed against Dean’s, it felt like an electric shock to his system, in a positive way. Between kisses and tongues seeking each other out, Dean breathed out, “What are… the… those rings for…?” and Castiel parted from him with a wide grin at the same time as Jimmy stopped kissing Dean and gazed at him before looking at the two small steel rings at the foot of their bed. Another two were secured at the other end of the bed.
Blinking a few times, Dean noticed how worry made a quick appearance in Cas’ features before vanishing again, setting them back into a schooled expression. “I’m sorry, Castiel,” he whispered, suddenly ashamed that he had almost gone into subspace this fast.
“Tell me anyway.”
Jimmy seemed to enjoy it as well, judging by his big and admiring eyes and wide grin, as he bent over Dean to start securing the nipple clamps on him and completing the punishment. The Sub sucked in a sharp breath as he realized what was happening and Cas took some time to appreciate what was laid out bare in front of them now that Dean was fully stuffed and the clamps attached. His chest heaved with the panting breaths he took, his entire body was flushed and he was practically radiating heat. Goosebumps broke out all across his skin, his cock stood large and proud, deeply flushed with its head a darker shade of red than the rest of his body, and there was lube and pre-cum gathered around his stuffed urethra that had Castiel swallowing thickly with desire.
When he turned back around, Cas placed a hand flat against Dean’s chest and pressed his back into the mattress, grabbing the base of the toy and slowly pulling it back out. He was extra careful with the head and went even slower until it popped out with a weird sound and Dean’s hole clenched around nothing but emptiness, literally gaping.
While gently guiding Dean into the right position, Cas’ face was so close to the Sub’s, that he had to guard his breath, eyes intense and locked on to Dean’s, and the want to kiss his boyfriend was back again. To still this part of himself, Cas leaned in and rested his hand on Dean’s chest, right above his heart and on top of his tattoo, nuzzling his chin and pressing a kiss to the edge of his jaw. The sigh that was pulled out of Dean was enough to satiate his need and he stepped back again, opening the first bundle of rope to look for its middle.
So she just hugged Dean close against her side and cradled his face in her right hand. “Hey. No. Sam needs you – we need you. Don’t ever think like that again, Dean. Don’t go there. Please. You have us, Dean – we love you.” Jessica didn’t get an answer but listened to the quiet sobs that wracked Dean’s body and her chest hurt at the way he tried to contain his emotions as if he weren’t allowed to show them. “Don’t go down that road, Dean, please. You’ll always have us, you belong to us. And if you don’t wanna stay here, you have to promise me one thing.” There was one, tiny and weak nod, so she pleaded, “Promise me that, as soon as those thoughts get darker, you’ll come to us. Or you’ll call us and we’ll come to you. But please, promise me you won’t try to go through that alone because you think you’re a burden to us, Dean. You could never be. And we want to be there for you, it’s what family does – it’s what you’ve been doing for Sam all your life. It’s time for us to reciprocate that.”
He adds another finger not long after that, and then a third one a few minutes later, scissoring Dean open and tapping his prostate occasionally to keep him squirming and grunting. When he finally pulls out his digits and withdraws his face, Castiel can see that Dean is practically dripping and grabs him by the hips to turn him back around.
“I’ve got you, Dean,” Jimmy whispered, watching as Cas closed the space between them and directed a knowing look at him that told Jimmy he knew all too well that Dean did not stay awake like he’d wanted him to.
“Okay, surprise him as a Sub it is…” Dean breathed out, looking around the room as if he was searching for something. “There’s only one problem…”
Nodding, Cas said, “Yes, that’s true. Taking away his speech won’t be as efficient during sensation play.”
I know.”
“You two and Sam are everything to me. Please don’t ever let me go.”
to be good because he wanted
There’s gonna be a cliffhanger at the end of this chapter. So be warned.
Since he was already open and loose, it was a smooth glide inside and Jimmy sighed in satisfaction as he pushed in to the hilt, watching his cock steadily disappear between Dean’s legs. Sinking into their boyfriend’s heat was invigorating and Jimmy swallowed roughly. Dean was silken smooth and burning hot inside, his channel fluttering around each and every inch of Jimmy’s cock that sank into him.
He continued to treat the popsicle with special care up until Jimmy pulled it out of his mouth with a dirty grin and rasped, “I think the rest of your body would like to cool down a bit as well, don’t you, sweetheart?”
Dean pressed a finger to Cas’ lips and mumbled, “Yep, I’m gonna stop you there,” before withdrawing it and leaning it to kiss him. Jimmy could see that compliments like that were still hard for Dean but they’ve already come a long way and they would manage this too.
“Gee, Sam, don’t be such a prude. As long as we keep our clothes on, your eyes should be fine,” Dean teased, grinning.
“Uhm, it’s gonna go on my chest, right…” He used his other hand to point at the area of his chest that he was talking about, “…here. It’s just a small one, a symbol to be specific.”
Trying to make up for his shitty behavior towards his brother, Jimmy soothed, “You couldn’t have known, Cas. It’s okay. I understand now. And I’m so freaking sorry I even let this thought cross my mind. You don’t deserve that, Cas, I know how much you love him and it was cruel of me to just assume. It was just too much for me, you know. Seeing him…” the lump in his throat made it hard to talk, “be hurt like this.”
Jimmy stayed with Dean and kept touching and cuddling him while Cas walked into the bathroom and prepared the bath. He made sure that it was full enough and had the right temperature, added some bubbles because Dean was sweetly fond of them, and went back into the bedroom, coming out to a sleeping, blissed-out Dean wrapped up in Jimmy’s arms. Stepping up to the bed, Castiel gave his twin a sign that he was going to take their boyfriend into the bathroom now and Jimmy nodded, untangling his arms from around Dean to allow Cas to slip his own arms under him, hefting him into a bridal carry and bringing him to the bath.
“Yeah,” Benny agreed, meeting their eyes before concentrating on Dean only, “Like it is in my club, you remember?”
“C’mon,” Dean chuckled, “don’t be such a bitch. You always make fun of me for taking so long until I can pee in front of you.”
At that moment, Dean just
The words spoken so close to Cas’ crotch made his cock throb and Dean smiled sweetly. “What is it?”
“Not sad, just…” he trailed off, looking down on his hand where it fiddled with Cas’ cover. It took a moment for him to talk again, and when he did, Dean was looking at Jimmy once more, “Sometimes, I get the feeling you think you’ll hurt me or something…”
“Thanks,” he whispered into his beer, returning his smile.
They had to break apart after a moment to take in some much-needed oxygen and after that, it was just two open mouths moving wetly against one another while tasting each other’s breath. But Castiel wanted more than that, he needed to be even closer to Dean. So he reached out and hauled the blonde up into his arms, settling Dean on his lap with his cock buried deep inside him. Groaning at the change of angle, Dean draped his arms around Castiel's neck lazily, resting his sweaty forehead against Cas’ shoulder. His mouth was slightly parted so that Castiel could feel his warm breath fanning out over his skin and it sent shivers down his spine while he stilled and enjoyed their proximity and Dean’s solid weight pressed against his body for a moment.
“Yeah.”
“I have,” Jimmy croaked out, stepping closer to them, and Dean chuckled, happy to see he had such an effect on his boyfriends.
Castiel smiles brightly. “Of course.”
Chuckling, Jimmy said, “Oh yeah, well, you have to know that, by the time Cas had already had sex with his partners, there’s no more awkwardness.”
“If you’re really sorry,” Dean started, staring at Michael with emotionless and cold eyes, trying to put all his hate and anger and disgust into his gaze and voice when he demanded, “then leave.”
“‘S good,” he uttered with a smile, meeting Cas’ eyes. “Feels good and isn’t too tight. Nothing hurts.”
“Cas, you know Dean. It wasn’t something that you’ve done, it was probably just the fact that he said ‘yellow’ and he didn’t know how we’d react because he’s had bad experiences using the word before.”
Smiling softly, Jimmy answered, “He went grocery shopping.” Slowly, he turned on his side as well and wrapped his arm around Dean’s chest to pull him into his body, leaning in to press their lips together in a sloppy kiss. In lieu of a verbal answer, the blonde hummed into his mouth and pressed forward to deepen the kiss, burying a hand in Jimmy’s dark, messy locks to keep his face against his own.
The blonde met his eyes at that and gave him a small, shy smile. “Well, I couldn’t play hooky after those messages you sent me, could I?”
Dean snorted and tossed the towel into his room, closed the space between them, and threw himself onto the couch behind Sam, saying, “I only do that if you’re not listening. My godly voice is far too precious for your ears. But I do like to take some alone time in the shower… if you know what I mean.” He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
That had Dean wondering why he’d need another washing after whatever they had in mind for him and it made him even more curious. But before his mind could come up with possibilities, Jimmy placed his hands on either side of his hips and pulled him into the pleasantly hot stream of water. Dean loved their pressure so damn much, sometimes he could just stand underneath and do nothing but
Nuzzling back underneath his chin, Dean mumbled, “Good thing that I found you two.”
“Just do it, Dean.”
Dean’s brows furrowed and he turned a questioning look at both of them, asking, “What?”
“Great,” Dean answered shortly, still grinning from ear to ear.
“Aw’sme…” he uttered, grinning widely.
“Your twin here… he stayed inside wayyy past where it’s normal, but it’s okay, ‘cause it feels nice. Plus, I keep you warm…” his words came slurred now as he felt himself slowly drifting in and out of sleep. “Everybody wins… So, lie back down.”
A quiet buzzing sound broke him out of his thoughts and he looked around for his phone, finding it on the nightstand with a bright blue screen illuminating the room. He checked the time first – 1.05 am – and then the caller ID, which was apparently an unknown number. “Hello?”
“I’ll always be yours. For as long as you’ll have me… even though I don’t know why anyone would ever want that.”
Dean had half a moment to get some air before, very suddenly, Jimmy grabbed his shoulders and turned him around and into his space, leaning in to press his lips against Dean’s as well. At first, those green eyes were wide open in surprise while Jimmy worked his already swollen lips, but then Dean recovered enough from the initial shock and gave into Jimmy’s probing and demanding tongue, opening his mouth and meeting it with his own in a filthy, wet slide of which Castiel had the perfect vantage point.
He let out a long, exhausted sigh as he stepped into their apartment and closed the door while cautiously throwing the keys onto the kitchen counter to his left side. Stepping out of his shoes and placing them at the side of the door where two other pairs had already found their spot, Dean listened to Jimmy and Cas coming down the stairs on light feet. He didn’t even have to see them to know they were smiling, and when he did turn around and met their gazes, there truly were two beautiful sets of eyes staring back, their smiles secretive and intimate.
He merely nods his head, too weak to use his voice. And then Sam is crushing him against his chest, engulfing Castiel in a tight hug and squeezing as his tears dampen the collar of Castiel’s uniform.
But they also learned that Dean loved trying new recipes and experimenting with food, feeling most at home in either his kitchen, bed, or Baby, though he always preferred the same classic rock to keep him entertained while driving or cooking. He loved movies, TV-shows – especially the one with Dr. Sexy – sometimes even a good Vonnegut, and sex, of course. The two of them learned so freaking much about Dean that, after two and a half weeks, they didn’t even think there was more to know.
“He doesn’t use me, Sam! And Cas isn’t like that, at all. If anything, the guy’s the most caring and honest man I’ve ever met… oh, right next to his brother!” Dean didn’t want to get louder at the end, but he did – as if two amazing guys that are interested in him was just frustrating. Maybe it even was… Dean had never met anyone he cared about or someone who gave a crap about him more than just how good he was in bringing them pleasure. And now he had met two at once and they were his dreams come true but he didn’t deserve any of them. He wanted to tell that to his heart because, even if this was all new to Dean, he knew he was falling for both…
Dean was the embodiment of calmness and discipline, his face smooth and eyes closed as he soaked up being suspended, and the sight of it was so heartwarming and stunning, that Cas forgot how to breathe for a moment. He couldn’t help but step closer and gently place his hands on his Sub’s stomach to admire him in all his beauty. Everything about this moment was absolutely amazing, and seeing Dean this free and happy made Cas want to cry – he had a feeling that Jimmy was in a similar position when he felt his twin step closer as well, still completely silent.
When he finally stilled his hips, panting heavily, Cas came to stand beside them and gave Dean a loving kiss before grasping his cock and slowly and carefully pulling out the sound. “I’ll give you three seconds to come as soon as the sound is out. If you don’t manage to do so, you’re not going to come at all tonight, okay?”
Chuckling, Cas assured, “I know you can, Dean. Just, if I hadn’t carried you here, you’d still be in bed and probably doze off and it would have taken hours for you to collect enough energy to stand up and walk here. Although I’ll have to admit that you do blush very prettily.” Dean didn’t seem to be even listening to Cas as he was placed down on the closed toilet lid and held there by Jimmy while Castiel plugged the bathtub and turned on the faucet to fill it with warm water.
Castiel was right there, carefully pulling out the prostate massager to keep it from overstimulating Dean before starting to untie the knots of the rope that was suspending Dean. His fingers were nimble and sure as they pulled the knots free, and right before Cas opened all of them, he asked, “Do you have Dean securely? Can you hold his weight like that for a few seconds?”
There is no exit, just the wall of a building that can barely shield them from what’s going on right here. He should run, he knows that, but he tries looking for Dean one more time.
All Dean was able to do was to nod absentmindedly because his eyes were on Jimmy’s hands the whole time, watching him unwrap the popsicle, then close the box. At his side, Cas scooted a bit towards the edge of the blanket to make room for Jimmy, who was crawling on top of Dean on his knees so that, when he lowered himself, his hand was propped next to Dean’s shoulder and Jimmy’s knees were bracketing his hips. Their eyes locked and for a moment, they merely stared at each other and breathed slowly. Until Jimmy lowered his upper body and Dean thought he was about to kiss him, but Jimmy stopped his face mere inches from Dean’s, their bottom lips brushing when he asked, “Let me take care of you?”
“Nah, I like bottoming more, you know. But that doesn’t mean I couldn’t turn this game around and imagine you,
Carefully, Dean straightened in front of them again and looked at them with an exhausted expression as Castiel took his hand and pulled him into his body, slowly. “What happened?”
There was a lazy and easy smile on Dean’s face as he crawled into bed between them, sliding underneath the cover with his legs and bending down to kiss Jimmy gently, whispering, “You sleep well, sugar.”
Now Dean realized why Castiel had tied his arms like that because he was still able to grip Jimmy’s knees with his hands but in order to do so, he tugged on his collar slightly, and it felt wonderful.
Smiling, Cas shook his head and made a
Dean hides in his hands and runs his palms down his face, scrubbing at his eyes and sniffing once, before meeting his eyes again and saying: “I’m fine, Cas.” Which is so obviously a lie that Castiel has to stop himself from snorting in disapproval. “Why are you here?”
“I dunno,” he started, looking for words to describe his current position. They restricted him from having eye contact with other people and talking to them, after all, and he didn’t know if this turned him on or not. Though, he had to admit, when Castiel had just ordered the food for Dean without even asking what he wanted to eat but still chose something Dean would’ve chosen on his own, that had been pretty hot and Dom-like. “A bit weird, but in a good way.”
The freaking love of their lives.
“Yeah, I thought it suited you ‘cause you’ve got a sweet tooth,” Dean explained.
Once inside, Castiel was on Dean, sliding his greedy hands underneath his shirt to tug it up. He knew what was underneath and he wanted to rip it off and
“At this point, my mind had already split into two; one side constantly battling to get me back to my old self, screaming at me to stop and to be sane again. This side was filled with shame and hatred and disgust. It was a constant rant about what a failure I’ve become and that I was a liability and trash. That I didn’t deserve Sammy or anything in this world if I preferred
He also checked his Instagram feed for a few minutes, seeing that Jimmy was online and tipped off a message to him via DM, telling him that he did indeed follow after his suggestion and sending him a picture of himself in front of his gleaming Baby, forehead sweaty and dirty towel thrown over his shoulder. Jimmy answered immediately, saying that it was good he found something to do and that it looked breathtaking, followed by a message saying that he ‘meant the car and not the grease monkey photobombing it’ and making Dean snort a laugh. Smiling, Dean tipped off a response that said:
A part of him wonders how there’s even any voice left to his screams; his throat feels like it’s on fire, but then it feels like nothing at all compared to the bone-crushing, deafening sound of his own agony and the fist-sized gaping hole in his chest that used to be the place where his heart kept pounding life into his veins, but is now tearing at his soul and ripping him apart and destroying all there was that Castiel thought life was worth living for. There used to be a place where Castiel kept all the love for this particular man, and only ever him – always – locked up inside him and safe.
“You’d like that?” The idea sounded wonderful and Castiel made a mental note to thank Jimmy for that another time.
Smiling, Jimmy answered, “I love the wings, would be a shame if I didn’t, but right now I don’t really have a favorite… you?”
This was perhaps the filthiest thing he’d ever done but he still wanted to take it a step further because his mind – or more accurately, his possessive side – was telling him to plug Dean back up and make sure his cum stayed right where he had put it. So he reached out for the lunch box where they’ve kept the extra cold glass plug and opened the lid, taking out the toy and setting it aside. Next to him, Cas opened the cap of the lubricant and drizzled a bit of the liquid onto the plug, which Jimmy was grateful for. It was also good to know that he hadn’t completely frightened off his twin with his little act there and that Castiel was still allowing Jimmy to touch Dean after everything he just did. But after carefully pulling back out of him and plugging Dean’s ass as fast as possible to keep his cum inside, even Jimmy had to call it an end and finally let Dean get some rest.
“So I won’t see your face when I fill you up with my cock and hide all those pretty expressions you do for me while being pleasured? I don’t think so, sweetheart.” With that, Jimmy grabbed his thighs and slid him further down the bed so that his ass was pressed against Jimmy’s legs where he kneeled at the end of the mattress. Bending down to hover above Dean, Jimmy rasped, “I want to see what my dick does to you… how good it makes you feel,” into his ear, making Dean moan lowly.
Letting go of Dean’s hand to place it at the side of his face, Cas asked, “What?” and tilted his face up so that they could see his eyes. They looked uncertain and a little insecure as they struggled to lock on to Cas’.
Pulling his face away to break the kiss, Dean rested his forehead against Cas’ and leaned further back into Jimmy’s hold, meeting his Dom’s eyes with questioning ones. Dean had to admit that his boyfriends looked fucking hot with water dripping down their naked bodies and usually, he would have taken all the time he was granted to just stare at them but right now, he felt himself getting even more nervous and excited and he wanted to move this along.
Jimmy closed the space between them as well and wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle, locking his eyes on green ones, “We’ll go grocery shopping later. Together. If it’s alright?”
Cas’ heart started beating impossibly inside his chest at seeing the delicate, black box in Dean’s big hands. He met Dean’s eyes with a soft and patient smile, trying to soothe him because he was visibly nervous.
When Dean smiled, it was at once cocky and triumphant, feeling immensely proud to have rendered them so utterly speechless and out of breath. “That good, huh?” he asked, slowly leaning back to sit on Jimmy’s lap again before carefully standing up and wiping the cum off of his chin. And because he was apparently not done teasing them yet, he looked at them with a glint in his eyes and brought his hand up to his face to lick the sperm off of the back of it, making a show out of it. His moans went straight down to Castiel’s crotch, even though that shouldn’t have been possible after only having come this hard.
“Look at yourself and tell me what you see.”
Sam gave them a slight nod and freed his hands from his pockets. “Thanks, guys, you two are good people and you don’t deserve to be questioned and tested like that, you just have to understand my part in this all, okay?”
Castiel snorts a laugh and it’s the first time that just the slightest positive expression passes his features; the muscles in his face feel stiff.
Stroking Dean’s cheek lovingly, Castiel gave a slight nod and leaned in to place a soft kiss on his boyfriend’s lips before leaving his side and walking toward where the remote for the rafters had been deposited earlier. As soon as he pressed the right button, Benny and all the other people in the room watched as the ropes along with Dean were being lifted into the air very slowly until the submissive was at eye-level with Castiel again. Once the Dom stopped the machine and halted the process of lifting Dean up, he closed the space between them again and returned to Dean’s side, carding his fingers through his dark sandy blonde, almost brown, hair and grinning sweetly when Dean practically purred at the attention given to him. And for whatever weird reason, the rich and deep sound coming from him had Benny drooling pre-cum into his pants as his cock jerked yet again and he shuffled his feet, trying to get more comfortable.
“Yeah, okay,” Castiel breathed out, nodding, “That’s not a problem at all, Dean.” His thumbs stroked the skin underneath his eyes and Dean leaned forward into the touch, sighing. “Do you want anything else?”
were they NSFW…
Chuckling, Dean jabbed Cas’ shoulder playfully and turned around, looking at him with big, affectionate eyes and asking, “Why are you laughing at me?”
The moment Dean realized that they’ve been staring again, he cleared his throat and said, “Whatever you wanna watch, just choose anything,” ripping Castiel out of his debate.
With a small smile, Cas grabbed Dean’s hand in his own again, leaning in to press a soft kiss to his lips before whispering, “I
“He told me… that night, he came back crying, the whole time. And I couldn’t sleep because I was right next to him, so I talked to him, tried to coax him to tell me what was wrong. And then Dean told me about the best night of his life, he talked about how much he loved you but that he was too chicken to tell you and he was so happy, kept smiling this whole time, so I didn’t understand why he was crying and Dean said he’s never felt more loved before and repeated that it was the best night of his life and that he would give anything to do it again if he just had more time…”
Jimmy was behind them again when Cas leaned back to look at Dean and his eyes were questioning, asking for something. And as his twin stroked his hands down Dean’s shoulders, Cas understood that he was asking to open the tie and free Dean’s arms, so he met Jimmy’s eyes and nodded, watching a tiny smile cross Jimmy’s features. Then he carefully undid all the knots, Cas listening to the soft swish of the tie as it was pulled out of them, and after a minute or two, Jimmy set the tie aside and helped Dean stretch his arms to the side.
so Jimmy hastily pulled out his cell and typed off a message to Cas, telling him to come home as fast as possible and that it was urgent. Then he dropped the phone to the floor and, after another moment spent freaking out about how to help Dean, Jimmy stepped into the filled bathtub with his pants and t-shirt still on, not giving a damn about soaking them, and sat down into the by now lukewarm water.
He owed them everything.
Nodding, Cas asked, “Anything else?”
Cas hummed approvingly and Dean could feel his smile against his skin. “Good choice. Then you’ll get to have the bath afterward.”
After they had visited the restaurant within walking distance of their hotel, which was not far from Sugar Pine Point Beach, the three of them had rented a car and driven about 18 minutes to get to Emerald Bay State Park, where they had parked the car in one of the lots and then walked the rest of the way to their spot only a couple of hundred feet away from Vikingsholm, which had taken another ten minutes.
The twins looked at him with soft smiles, their lips red from making out with him and eyes dark with lust, and stopped worshipping Dean for the time being. “Presents?”
When he caught movement out of his peripheral vision, Cas turned and looked at Jimmy, giving him a nod and taking the hook from him that was now secured to the wooden beam. Its rope was a little bit shorter than it would have had to be for the hook to go inside Dean at his current position, so Cas grabbed his lover’s hips and gently guided his ass up even further into the air, his hole almost facing the ceiling now, and instructed, “I am going to insert the anal hook now. Keep your rear like this, or you’ll feel an unpleasant tug at your rim.” With the warning given, he let Jimmy lube up the steel before he carefully pushed it into their Sub until the rope was pulled tight and Dean’s ass hooked and kept in this position.
“You enjoying it?” he asked, nuzzling his neck and pressing a kiss into the warm skin there.
The question was directed towards him and Jimmy chuckled slightly. In a soft voice, Cas said, “Let us at least clean up the sound and bring you water,” which Dean didn’t argue. So, Cas stayed in the bedroom with their boyfriend while Jimmy went downstairs to grab a glass and fill it with water. When he came back into the room, though, the two were gone, and, frowning, he walked to the bathroom only to see Dean washing his penis and then his hands while Castiel cleaned the sound.
Understanding that Dean didn’t want to talk about it any further, Jimmy changed the topic by saying, “What people misunderstand about me the most is mainly shallow. When I tell people I’m an artist, there come assumptions like ‘so you’re a writer’ or ‘cool, your voice is made for singing’. They see me and don’t assume that I am a tattoo artist because I don’t look like one when dressed in clothes. As soon as I take them off, though, their minds are changed.”
His boyfriends were right; he truly was a needy power-bottom…
Jimmy took in Dean’s apartment while taking off his jacket and Castiel decided to remove his coat as well. “Don’t worry about that, Dean. You know how it looked at my place when you first visited.”
. He couldn’t entertain those thoughts and at that moment, Jimmy was all forgotten about. Because Dean’s body was melted against his, head resting on his shoulder, nails digging into his thighs through the fabric of his pants where they pressed against Dean’s own legs and most importantly, Dean was writhing and moaning because Castiel was stroking and pulling on Dean’s permanently leaking cock with his hand.
But Jimmy had just added ‘for me’ to the question like the sweet guy he was and Dean fucking loved to please. It was why he was in this scene in the first place. He just freaking loved when his partners took pleasure in his willing compliance, especially Cas and Jimmy.
“Dean–”
“I will, I promise, Castiel.”
While he remembered how it felt to be inside the blonde, Jimmy watched Dean fall apart underneath Cas as his movements began to falter and his thighs started quaking, and yes, Castiel was right. Concentrating only on Dean as he tipped over the edge, his body going bow-string tight before his cock gave a twitch and cum followed in thick, white robes as his orgasm made his body twitch and spasm, was the most gorgeous thing he’d ever witnessed.
“While Jimmy and I had sex?” Cas must have nodded because Dean shrugged and said, “Good, why?”
Since the apartment was on the last two floors of the building, they could overview the city and the blonde had been absolutely astounded by the view they had from their couch, which was a huge corner couch in Lumino midnight blue. On the right side of the space were the stairs and underneath, opposite of the couch, was their new flatscreen TV surrounded by shelves that had yet to be filled with Dean’s DVDs and a few books. With Jessica’s help, the two had managed to make the room seem ‘friendlier’ with a neutral farmhouse rug and a beige Brasilia chaise lounge chair, a floor lamp, and a fiddle leaf fig. Jimmy was glad that they had Cas to care for all the plants because he knew that, if he was to take care of them, they wouldn’t survive two weeks.
It burned so good, and Dean couldn’t keep the moan inside as he opened his mouth to gasp out, “Oh H-hell,” thighs spreading further of their own volition. “Yeah, that's…” he was interrupted by his own moan as Castiel suddenly closed his lips around the head of Dean’s cock, engulfing him in hot wetness. “Fuck!” His head thumped back into the mattress next to Jimmy’s, his eyes closing as Cas started to suck and press his tongue against the sensitive spot right underneath his head.
“I did, twice now.” At Cas’ questioning look, Jimmy explained, “After we… you know, had sex… and before you came over, he took a shower and I brought his clothes into the bathroom. I didn’t even see his entire body but what my eyes had been offered had already been enough to stir my arousal. How does he even do that?”
Suddenly, Jimmy let go of the breath he had been holding this entire time and he frowned as he looked at Dean more or less confused.
Dean hummed thoughtfully, then dried his hands on a towel and turned around in Castiel’s grip to face him with a small smile. “Yeah, but I wanted to get it done before Benny arrives.” He leaned in and kissed Cas softly, making his heart flutter pleasantly.
For his part, Dean seemed to be pretty intimidated by Cas’ response and Jimmy hoped that he would finally see that he was worthy, that Cas could somehow prove him wrong and change his mind about his self-imagine.
Jimmy couldn’t wait to see Dean be double penetrated. He had only seen stuff like this in porn before, which was why he had been even more excited when they had planned the scene last week. And just the thought was enough to make him quicken his pace and chase his release.
Blinking a few times, he pressed his ass back into Jimmy and felt his hot and hard cock sliding deeper into him and he sighed. It was also then that he realized that he was truly aroused and his own cock was hard as well where it was trapped between his thigh and mattress.
Castiel took some time to think about the sex they had and he still felt tingly just thinking about how sweet and beautiful Dean had been during it and how breathtaking it had been to be able to feel him without a condom because it was unexpectedly different and way more intimate to be inside of him without any kind of barrier, no matter how thin it was. Although Dean had been the one to initiate sex without them, Castiel had to admit that he was the one who went absolutely wild once they did. It had felt so amazing, that he had not just been afraid, but
“Let’s see how fast you can melt them, Dean,” Cas rasped, his voice deeper than usual as it dripped with arousal, leaving Dean to adjust to the bitter coldness inside of him and crawling off of the bed. He circled Dean’s right ankle with both of his hands and warned, “I will untie your feet now but don’t you dare move from this position. The second you move your legs or try anything else without our permission is the second Jimmy and I will pull ourselves away.” The Sub gave a curt nod and Cas took a moment to admire how Dean’s abdominals flexed as he tensed his entire body to obey.
Before they left the room, Dean turned to her with honest eyes. “Thanks, again, Jess. And, by the way, you look beautiful tonight.”
’re amazing.”
By the time Cas ended his speech, Dean had calmed down enough to make his frantically beating heart slow down again and he let out a relieved sigh, his thumbs still caressing Dean’s cheeks.
Jimmy nodded his understanding and suddenly, he got even more why Cas felt a need to take care of them and why it made him feel important. And he understood why Dean was this ‘sleepy’ afterward.
“Isn’t it also hard?” Sam chimed in, directing a cautious look at the twins before adding, “Growing up with a twin? I mean, it’s already hard as a younger brother to be as cool and open as your big brother…” at which Dean turned questioning eyes at him, frowning.
The only answer they received, though, was a shrug. “I’m so sorry I lied to you both. I just… I didn’t want you to worry. It isn’t even as bad as it seems. But I’m sorry. I’m sorry I disappointed you, Cas. I’ll do better. I swear. Please, don’t hate me…”
Dean laughed and threw his head back, “Sure you are.”
“I think it’s flattering, really. It’s not every day someone tells you that you look so good you could be a professional,” Dean assured Jimmy, although he had told him before that he wasn’t offended, while waving his hands in front of his face in a dramatic way and grinning widely.
“I-I’m here to inform you… that,” Sam’s shoulders are shaking now, tears running freely and Castiel fights everything inside him to stop himself from breaking down in front of Dean’s brother. He tries again, voice more determined. “I’m here to inform you that Dean Winchester has fallen in war.”
Dean’s hips bucked as he moaned softly, and Cas never wanted to rim someone as bad as he did then. So, he gave in to his allure and pulled Dean’s asscheeks as far apart as possible, seeking out his waiting rim once more, though not to place a kiss to it this time, instead to give it a long and rough lick without any warning, at which Dean’s back arched at the same time as a loud and rumbling moan was pulled out of him.
“No, it’s fine,” he assured because it was. Well, at least now that he got used to this feeling. At Cas’ quirked eyebrow, he confirmed, “Really.”
“Yeah…” he breathed out happily, approaching Jimmy to close the distance between them and wrap his arms around his shoulders, hands resting at Jimmy’s nape. Then he leaned in with that dazzling smile of his and Jimmy let his eyes fall closed as he tasted it. They kissed for a few minutes, at first softly and then passionately, chasing each other’s tongues and tasting what they could reach.
WARNING: cilice, rimming, (semi-) public sex (in a restroom), oral sex, blowjob, deep-throating, face fucking, cum swallowing
Grinning, Jimmy opted, “Maybe it’s not just some weird fixation but a fetish?” He brushed a strand of hair from Dean’s sweaty forehead and caressed his cheek.
His coffee was almost cold and unpalatable by the time Dean finished off his burger and started munching his fries. His hands were big and he had long, deft fingers that looked just beautiful. Every time he brought a fry up to his mouth, Jimmy wished he was one of his fingers so he could be that close to Dean’s plump, pink lips again. This time he wouldn’t freeze. “You haven’t touched your pie yet, anything wrong with it?”
“I’ve always been good with fixing stuff. And I’ve always had a weak-spot for cars, so I thought, why not combine those and work at an auto repair shop.”
“Your body is my Heaven. And it’s not just the physical aspects, it’s the sound you make when you come so hard, the pleasure is almost too much and borders on pain. It’s the way your inner walls clench down around me and set my skin on fire that’s like pure bliss for me, and it never fails to make me come before I even realize that that’s what's happening,” Cas moaned against his nape, grinding harshly into Dean a few times before stilling, clutching to Dean’s back while wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing him against his chest as if his life depended on it. And only a second later, a warm and familiar sensation ran through him as Castiel pumped him full of his sperm, and the grip Dean had on his control slipped completely as he felt his own orgasm wrack his body, making him twitch and moan in Cas’ hold.
When his Dom started sliding up his body and closed his teeth around the bud of a nipple, Dean was brought back to the here and now and he felt it harden instantly under his boyfriend’s twirling tongue. Cas scarped his teeth lightly across the bud and Dean almost choked on the moan he was trying to hold back at the ministration.
Just like he did with the popsicle, the Dom licked the path right up again, sliding his hot muscle along the length of his cock, until he stopped at the head and took Dean into his mouth. Jimmy groaned around him, reveling in the softness of his skin as pre-cum flooded his senses, and wrapped a hand around his length to start bobbing his head a few times. Then he only kept the head in his mouth again and started sucking on him, which had Dean moaning so loud, he was sure the other tourists could hear him. And probably because Dean disobeyed his order to stay quiet, Jimmy pulled off of him entirely and grabbed Dean’s left thigh with his hand to angle it at his knee and place his foot on the ground.
“How do we deserve
Opening his eyes, Dean saw that Jimmy still had his own closed and smiled sweetly when they broke apart and his boyfriend slowly peeked down on him. A grin widened his lips upon seeing that Dean’s eyes were already open and Jimmy struggled with himself for only a second before giving in and leaning down to peck Dean’s lips once more.
His warm breath bounced back off Dean’s ear in the tight space between them and he shivered, loving the feel of it. And yes, there had truly been nothing between his bare skin and the unforgiving fabric of his pants. Thankfully, Dean didn’t chafe easily.
When he arrived in front of the door, he chose to press the doorbell instead of knocking, since Dean had told him once that they couldn’t really hear knocking from upstairs, which, honestly, made sense to Sam.
“I’m gonna let you down,” Dean mumbled so quietly, that Jimmy almost didn’t get it at first, but then the words registered and he reacted without sparing another thought to it. Reaching his hands out, Jimmy snaked his fingers underneath Dean’s face and tenderly lifted his boyfriend’s head by pushing his knuckles underneath Dean’s chin, making him finally look at Jimmy. Tears were freely streaming down Dean’s face, his eyes red and full of regret and pain, and the sight hurt so deeply, that Jimmy felt like he couldn’t breathe for a moment. Dean’s lips were parted, his breathing still ragged and harsh, and Jimmy readjusted his grip on Dean’s face, cradling it in his palms and stroking his thumbs across his damp skin, swiping them softly underneath his eyes to gather the tears there.
Closing his eyes, Dean admitted, “I need to come so bad, it hurts, Castiel,” his voice quiet and unsure.
delicious sight as well and Jimmy took it all in greedily. This here was already enough to awake his arousal and make him hot in all the right places.
Walking towards the bed where Jimmy had made himself comfortable on his back, Castiel let his hand slowly drop down to his thigh and caressed the skin there soothingly, rasping, “Are you ready?”
Once they were done introducing themselves, Benny turned to look at Cas and a smirk graced his lips as he assumed, “Cas, I take it?”
It was silent on the other side for a long moment before they heard slight shuffling and the lock being undone. Then, the door swung open and in front of them stood a comfortably dressed and baffled Dean. Chuckling, Jimmy said, “Happy birthday, Dean,” and Cas watched as the blonde’s mouth opened even wider in surprise, his eyes tracking their faces as if calculating if this was real.
There was a frown starting to build on Sam’s face and he asked, “Wait, is this some kind of BDSM thing? A rule or something?”
Chuckling, Dean said, “Cas, if there’s anything you should know ‘bout me, is that I’m always like this after sex… guess I’m just full of euphoria and too blissed out to move.” He squeezed Cas’ legs once, grinning mischievously. “C’mon, use that giant of a dick t’make me come a second time, I know you wanna. Lemme feel it, Cas, make me yours. Show me who I belong to and–
“Not even in my worst dreams, Dean,” Jimmy said, giving him a kiss to his neck.
He didn’t allow Dean to enjoy this for too long, though, because, as soon as he was done, Cas turned him to the side, grabbed his chin with the clean hand, and tilted Dean’s face to the mirror to make him look – really
Dragging open-mouthed kisses across Dean’s shoulder, Cas continued, “I might be the Dom, Dean, but I’m experienced enough to know that, in any healthy dynamic that is just like ours, the Sub is the one who holds the real power. And you, my beautiful boy, never fail to play me and Jimmy like a fiddle, and we all know it.” He ended his sentence with a suck on Dean’s skin and he shivered pleasantly, sighing quietly while watching Cas in the full-length mirror.
Dean nodded once and just like that, Cas turned off the water, grabbed his hand, and tugged him out of the shower to start toweling him with Jimmy until his skin was dried and they asked him to wait in the bedroom while they dried themselves.
She was met with a shy smile. “Yeah. I think.” He let go of his cuff and straightened. Gesturing at his frame, Dean complained, “I feel ridiculous in that.”
Chuckling, he answered, “Well, if you count spending the day with a brother that you’ve never really had any connection to and a mother who doesn’t care about you as a Christmas ritual, I guess that would be it.”
“Dean, sweetie, if you don’t feel like it or don’t want to scene tonight anymore, that’s fine. We don’t have to go. Not ever, if you don’t want to. I can just call and tell them and we can spend a nice and cozy evening here, perhaps watch a few movies with Benny?” Castiel assured, his gaze locking on Dean’s and making sure he understood.
He still had nightmares sometimes, but up until now, Castiel and Jimmy had always been able to calm them by cuddling up to him closer and cradling him in their arms.
was exactly what Jimmy had thought Dean to be. It was endearing to see him go from confident and sexy to shy and still sexy. “Yeah. I’d love to.”
“Cas – I want to surprise Cas with…
With the items in his hands, Castiel walked back towards the bed and smiled crookedly, placing them down on the mattress next to Dean. He leaned into his lover and grasped his chin between thumb and forefinger, angling his face the way he wanted and saying, “I do hope you have prepared yourself for the punishment that comes now, Dean. I’ll make sure that the next time you touch yourself without permission will sting, in the literal sense.” He lowered his voice for the last part of his sentence, watching a shudder run down Dean’s spine.
He slowly let his right hand wander to Castiel’s left knee right next to Dean’s hip since Castiel still had this leg hanging from the couch, foot resting on the floor. The touch made Cas shudder with arousal and he locked his eyes onto Dean’s and teased, “Did he?”
“You know, for you two, I’m always there for the taking. Whenever, wherever. It’s my way of saying that I care for you.”
Though, after a moment of vigorous fucking, Jimmy nuzzled the spot underneath Dean’s ear and grunted, “Do you know what it does to me?” He kept thrusting into him, accentuating every word with his dick shoving between Dean’s cheeks and inside him. “Waking you up like this? I’ve fantasied about easing your boxers off while you sleep and sliding in but doing it is so much better than any dream. Do you know that you gasped in your sleep when I pushed into you and you subconsciously realized what was happening?”
Dean only had a handful of seconds to recover from the overload of sensation before Jimmy started to give the other nipple the same treatment, although this time, Dean was prepared for the shock as he pressed the ice directly into his nipple after getting it hard and hypersensitive, which didn’t mean that it didn’t feel just as cold. If anything, Dean had the feeling it was even colder than it had been on the other side, but it could’ve easily been just his imagination. The good thing about the popsicle beside cooling Dean down was that it seemed to have been taken out of the freezer long enough ago that it wasn’t as cold and frozen as it would’ve been straight out of it, which Dean was sure would’ve shock-frosted his skin. He also thought that ice straight out of the freezer would have stuck to his skin, which, thankfully, this popsicle didn’t. It was just cold water in a solid form that was melting slowly and cold enough to be a little more than just refreshing. Like an ice cube; it was cold, but once it was on your skin, it melted and didn’t shock-frost it.
They find their pace; Castiel pulling out and driving back inside in a steady rhythm, Dean meeting every single one of his thrusts with his hips, groaning each time the angle allows Castiel to hit his prostate just right. It is slow, loving and intimate and such a raw and emotional moment, that Castiel thinks he might burst with all the intense feelings quelling his heart. He can feel Dean’s love, his trust, his faith in him,
, if he was to wait even a bit longer to be with him, to feel him, he’d explode.
And right now, Dean seemed to already appreciate it, if his loud swallowing at watching Cas undo the first button of his shirt at the collar was anything to go by.
Nodding slightly, Dean breathed out an “Okay,” and closed his eyes to lean into the touch. “What’re we doing now?”
Suddenly, there was a hot breath fanning out over the skin of his neck and he knew it was Cas as soon as his earlobe was being nipped by soft lips. Chuckling at his boyfriend’s antics, Dean said, “You're too quiet… what have you done? I swear if you bought me another toy without a need for it, I’m gonna return it no matter if it was a gift or not… we have enough.”
Shaking his head, the blonde assured, “No. I wanted to try this for years but I never trusted anyone enough to do that with me. But I trust you, Cas. And I trust Jimmy. I don’t feel like I have to like it because you do, that’s not it.”
“So you got yourself an insect on your hip to plot against your mom?” Jimmy laughed and nodded. “That’s fucking hilarious man!” There was a moment of silence and then Dean asked, “Did Cas had a rebellious phase as well?”
Nodding, Cas asked, “Anything you’d like to watch?” He wished for so much more to happen than just watching a movie together this night, but Castiel took everything he got and was grateful for that. Even though his bed was just a room away and his drawer was filled with condoms and lube and he wanted to spend it all on Dean.
Saying goodbye afterward was even harder than it had been the first time and when Dean drove them to the airport, the two of them almost missed their flight because they couldn’t let go of Dean. But now they knew for sure that they would see their boyfriend again and in three weeks, they’d start their new life together.
“Looks fancy,” Benny whistled, reading the brand name on it with a frown before turning to look at them. “You got any idea what that is?”
“Well, I think this is an exception,” Castiel chuckled and grinned widely when he looked down at Dean, who began to stir and blinked open his eyes. For a moment, he seemed to have problems orienting himself, but once he moved his body and heard the sound of sloshing water, he sat up straight and gazed at Jimmy.
Much had changed.
“I think it’s less about routine than things I can control.” Castiel didn’t know why he was telling a stranger about this, but he had the feeling that Dean wouldn’t judge.
Which was what Jimmy was about to do now, as his hands clamped around Dean’s hips to lift Dean up a bit and adjust his position. He pulled out his legs from underneath Dean’s and kneeled with his legs spread, lowering to rest the globes of his ass on his feet where his heels dug into his cheeks. Then he grabbed the blonde’s right leg, angled it just slightly, and placed it on his left shoulder so that his foot was hanging free behind it. Dean shifted slightly to get more comfortable and then reached back blindly with his hands to search for Cas’ wrists. As soon as he found them, Dean circled his fingers and thumbs around them and held on tight. His left leg parted even more and bent at his knee to rest more comfortably.
When he pressed a kiss into his damp hair, Dean smelled of sex and sweat and while that didn’t sound very attractive, Jimmy couldn’t get enough of it because it was an amazing scent on Dean.
With a quiet and soft voice, Cas greeted, “Hello, Dean,” breathing the words against the skin behind his ear and smiling when their boyfriend shuddered slightly. His hands slid up Dean’s side, feeling his warmth underneath his fingers, and Castiel almost couldn’t detach himself again. He could see that Dean’s eyes were open, so he asked, “How was your day?”
Smiling, Dean mused, “I’d like something with discipline. Just, y’know, a little something to make me feel balanced again.”
Afterward, he had explained to Dean that he hadn’t stopped because he didn’t trust him but because he hadn’t liked at all how doing this to him had made him feel. And he’d told him that he would put this as one of his hard limits now, which Dean had been understanding of. The blonde had walked around with slight bruises around his neck the next day and since it had been a Sunday, Castiel had asked him to keep off the collar to let his skin rest, even if that meant he had to look at the bruise he’d put on Dean all day.
As if on an emotional roller coaster, Sam’s expression was back to confused again as he asked, “So, it wasn’t only about the tattoo? What, are you dating both now?”
There was a beat of painful silence before the blonde turned his head, staring at Cas’ throat instead of his eyes – and yeah, that
Searching Jimmy’s eyes as if asking for permission, Dean breathed out “Green…” and opened his mouth to say something else as well but closed it again after a moment.
And truly, they had. When they had first taken Dean out for shopping and buying toys and other stuff for their love life, Jimmy and Cas had made sure to buy him enough lingerie to cover his beautiful ass and cock with. So now, Dean’s drawer was filled with lace and satin and it still made him blush every time he opened it to fish around for ‘normal’ underwear.
see this coming and those words had an immediate effect on his body as his cock gave a twitch of interest inside Dean, making the blonde laugh slightly. “Yeah, you’d like that, huh?”
was the tease? – to trail his lips down his torso with open-mouthed kisses until his chin bumped against the root of Dean’s cock. Then, he slid further down the mattress so that his face was directly above his crotch, lips dangerously close to his dick, and Dean’s eyes widened at the realization of what his boyfriend was about to do. He let out a groan at the mere thought and a moment later, Cas was kissing down from the back of his knee to his crotch, and for fuck’s sake, he even had the perfect stubble to rub against Dean’s inner thighs.
Smiling softly, Jimmy tried to look at Dean but soon realized that he was still otherwise occupied – mouthing his chin – and said, “I was actually dreaming about you,” which made Dean meet his eyes with surprised ones.
Okay guys, there’ll be a few angsty chapters coming for you next but once that’s done, it’s all just going to be smut. A lot of smut. So bear with me <3
He felt so good, that he thought he could fall asleep right then and there but Dean kept gazing at Jimmy through hooded eyes and slowly came down from his high.
Burying his face into the back of Dean’s neck, Castiel took another deep breath to inhale his delicious scent and relished the sensation of the spiky, soft tips of his hair as they tickled his face. After a while, he murmured, “You could have that.”
Once they broke the kiss for air, Cas leaned over Dean and met his green eyes, chuckling, “You’re insatiable.” Then he pressed his lips down on Dean’s once again and kissed him filthily.
Once Cas was naked as well, he stepped up behind his boyfriend, pressing his chest against his back and sliding his hand down Dean’s torso while gripping his chin with his other hand and turning his face back around to kiss him again. Jimmy was licking down his neck and kissing his jaw since Cas had disturbed his kiss, and Dean groaned as the two of them fought for his mouth.
Because, as the spot at Dean’s left began to cool in Castiel’s absence, the blonde started to stir, and after a few minutes of trying to get back into that deep state of sleep, he seemed to give up and opened his eyes with a quiet groan. Jimmy stayed silent at his side and merely shifted his legs to decline more comfortably at Dean’s side, watching carefully as he blinked the sleep out of his eyes. The crinkling of the sheets must have caught Dean’s attention because he turned around on his side to stare at Jimmy with half-lidded eyes, giving him a dazzling grin even though he looked ready to fall asleep again. “Where’s Cas?” he groaned, stretching his legs and arms.
Stepping up next to them, Cas curled his hand gently around Dean’s neck, his fingers resting on his chin and jaw, and broke their kiss once more by turning Dean’s face toward his own and away from Jimmy’s. His eyes were slightly open and he could see that they were fully blown with lust as he leaned in to nibble at Dean’s bruised and swollen lips. He decided to be mindful of his bottom lip and instead pressed his teeth into the upper one, tracing his tongue along the curve of his Cupid’s bow while sliding his hands up and down his chest appreciatively. Leaving a trail of wet kisses on his skin, Cas dragged his mouth from Dean’s lips to his ear and whispered, “Ours.” The blonde shuddered and Castiel smiled crookedly. “Do you enjoy us fighting over you? Fighting for your affection, your love?”
He had the feeling that Dean wanted to make this even harder for him than it already was. So he answered, through almost clenched teeth, “I’d still be honored to be your Dom, of course. But I can’t give you what you need through phone or video calls–”
Nodding, Dean hurried to swallow and confirmed, “Yeah, watched it with Sammy every weekend with a bowl of cereals in our hands. Sometimes we’d have to use water ‘cause we ran out of milk.” He seemed to be deep in memory for a moment until he flicked his eyes up from where they had been glued to his yogurt and looked at them with a small smile. “One time, Sammy tried using orange juice instead of water, saying he was sick of the way it tasted. And when he’d had a bite of his cereal, he straight out spat it back into his bowl and gagged a few times afterward, saying that water was indeed a better solution.” Dean chuckled softly and Jimmy watched with a fond smile as he continued, “Well, I tried telling him that he’d truly gonna be sick from his little experiment, but he didn’t wanna listen, so I let him experience just how disgusting it was.”
Because there was still his pulsing erection trapped in his pants, Cas opened his fly and reached into his boxers to pull out his throbbing cock. Dean’s eyes widened a bit, going from drowsy to concentrated as he watched Castiel give himself a few strokes and gripped both of Castiel’s legs next to his thighs where he stood kneeling above Dean. Cas could see Dean’s eyes following every movement of his hand and he looked intriguing like that, but when there was a slightly disappointed expression on his face, Castiel slowed down a bit.
The days following, the three of them looked at some apartments online and the twins soon learned what Dean liked – enough space, glass facades or panorama windows and places that had both a shower and a bathtub because he loved “bubble-baths” – and what he didn’t; small kitchens. And after a few nights of searching the internet, they even found a place that had it all. Walking distance to Sam’s apartment, panorama windows, an open concept with kitchen and living space and a shower,
“I’m not stupid, Dean. Last night, you didn’t want to end the call to keep talking to us. With a concussion and the headache that comes with it, I can’t really imagine that you wanted to talk to us because you missed our voices so much – especially since we called everyday. You wanted to keep your head off of something,
Dean didn’t say anything, too occupied by his constructive thoughts. The voice got louder again and he wanted to drown it out with booze or submitting to someone. But he couldn’t have any of that now…
Cas nodded in agreement and Dean said, “That sounds awesome.”
He was so out of breath, that he had to take two more lungfuls of air before answering, “Green, Castiel.”
“They’re not over yet, you still have about six days. We could ask some of your colleagues if they know someone with a brother called Dean…?”
“Well, how could I have known that you were
with Jessica’s help and Dean had been laughing the entire time considering Charlie was the one to recommend the game since she had already played it a dozen times but she lit up like a Christmas tree as if she had won the game for the first and not gazillionth time, especially when Jimmy had pointed that out to her.
His voice, though, convinced them otherwise. It was rough and while he was loud enough to be heard from inside, it was also quiet and strained. Cas gave him a concerned look before grabbing the handle and opening the door carefully. At first, Jimmy didn’t even see Dean but then his eyes caught sight of his figure in the corner of the room, sitting hunched on the closed lid of the toilet, fully clothed again. His elbows were propped up on his knees to hide his face in his hands and Jimmy’s heart clenched painfully at the sight. He had never seen Dean this small and drawn back into himself and he never wanted to see him like that again.
“He got shot.”
choose which it is going to be, okay?”
“Oh,” Dean breathed out, smiling softly.
Since he had some rope left, Cas decided to use it for something that he was sure Dean would find exciting instead of just tying it off and hiding it behind the knots, so he threaded the tail end of the rope upwards through the knots on his arm and stopped once it came out the other end where he had started the Armbinder. “Angle your arms a little bit more towards your chest, Dean,” he ordered, nodding when Dean got the right position, “Perfect.”
“And why’s that?” Cas asked as Jimmy laughed.
“Over time and with everything happening and making me sick, that bad voice inside of me gained more control over my thoughts and actions and I stopped being very hungry after a while. I couldn’t really sleep and lost a lot of weight, didn’t speak very often, which, I knew, scared Sam to the core but I couldn’t change. There was no way out, I saw no way out of this misery.” Castiel barely held back the sob as Dean’s voice broke and a tear dropped down to where his hands were still tracing the couch cushion. “One time, Alastair went too far during sex and he seriously hurt me but I didn’t even register. My thoughts and that voice got so loud, that I wasn’t able to concentrate on anything other than it. Somehow, Alastair had managed to break one of my ribs, which had been alarmingly visible underneath my skin now that I had gotten skinnier. For a view moments, I had struggled to breathe but then it stopped and I didn’t spare it another thought.
With an admiring expression, Castiel keeps moving, holding Dean tightly against his body and kissing the top of his head; burying his nose in sweat-dampened hair. He loves the way their bodies fit so perfectly against one another – like they were meant to be together – and tries to chase his orgasm to keep Dean from overstimulating; his whimpers are getting louder.
“What if you had to pee?” Now it was Jimmy’s turn to ask.
They dragged him all the way out of the club, walking him a few feet away from the exit to lean him against the wall, helping him stay upright and telling him to calm down. He was panting, his knuckles burning and ribs aching, which made him realize that Michael must have gotten a few good kicks into him during their fight, but once his vision cleared back to normal and his ears stopped ringing, he took a hasty look around and asked, “Dean?!”
“Okay,” Cas said, looking at Jimmy for a second to check in with him, and he gave a tiny nod. “Is the temperature okay? Are you cold?”
Cas couldn’t think of anything but Dean, the green-eyed occupied his thoughts, dreams, and desires and just thinking about falling in love with someone else seemed impossible,
“It’s a good thing you’re twins, then. You can still picture yourselves with me,” Dean joked and they both chuckled.
Nodding, Dean watched a small smile spread across Jimmy’s lips before he finally leaned down and kissed him. At first, Jimmy only let the tip of his tongue slide against the tip of Dean’s very slowly and took his time. He spent a long moment alternating between licking his lips and meeting his tongue for only a brief second before starting all over again, which was infuriating but also kind of hot. Jimmy managed to keep that up for a while until his patience seemed to have run out and he couldn’t control himself any longer and pushed all of his tongue into Dean’s mouth, tangling it with his in a full make-out session that had Dean’s eyes closing as his body sagged with relief.
He could do this, he would not screw this up, he would not make them hate him; no. This wasn’t something he did out of adventure or some kind of visceral decision that he made in the heat of the moment. Dean had listened to them explain everything from how they wanted this to go to even the bad things that could happen and how they would overcome them. He had asked for his brother’s opinion and listened to his heart. And even after three weeks of thinking about it and spending time apart from them, he knew that this was what he wanted. What he had always wanted. And he knew that this was the right thing to do.
He just screams.
“‘Stupid accident’?” Benny repeated in disbelief after a moment of silence, “You’re telling me that fucking bastard tried to rape you and you’re calling it an accident? Dean! What the hell?!” Despite his anger, Benny was obviously shocked and very worried about his friend, and Castiel understood his outrage. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier and kept it a secret from me the entire time?”
Stopping what his hands were doing, Castiel leaned over Dean’s body to look directly into his eyes and said, “Just because there’s a bed underneath doesn’t make it alright if I drop you, Dean. You could still get hurt and I don’t want you talking like that. If you want to be a good boy, value yourself.” His voice was deep and low. Jimmy had come to learn that it was his ‘Dom-voice’ and it always seemed to work.
Dean fucking loved having his ass grabbed.
Castiel grabbed Dean’s chin tenderly and stroked his thumb along the line of his bottom lip to shush him. “Well, if you want to make this work, you’ll have to accept that I want to do those things
But Cas kept trying to convince himself that this would be too early and that it could ruin everything. And he did not want to ruin things with Dean. His mind, though, kept replying to this thought with the argument that this wouldn’t be too early since they’ve already been freaking close to having sex after they had just met a few hours before. And it sounded reasonable.
Nodding a few times, Dean breathed out, “Yes, Castiel,” and rested his hands on the underside of his own thighs, almost on his asscheeks, and framing his spent cock.
He smiled, concluding, “But it did,” and Dean left it by that, which was enough of an answer for them.
Dean’s breath caught and his eyes gleamed suspiciously but Jimmy continued what Cas had begun. “You’re unrelenting, Dean. Unswerving. Unequaled. A person so full of life, carrying around this vibrancy and love. I’m glad you bumped into our lives like that because, without you, we’d never have realized how grey this world was before.”
Cas moaned, warm and rich, the sound sending chills through Dean’s body, and he rasped, “Only if you’ll keep looking at yourself and listen to what I say. I want you to try and see what I’m telling you.”
“What about kids?” Sam asked because as much as he wanted to just shut up before he ruined it, he had to know that one.
When they had entered the apartment, it had been suspiciously silent, and now they knew why.
After adjusting to the new position, which he had chosen to achieve a very deep penetration, Jimmy brought his hand to Dean’s entrance and circled one index finger around it, inching closer to his rim with every round. Then he circled and gently massaged the tight ring of muscles with his oily digit and allowed it to open up for him naturally. It took some coaxing and a bit more pressure while rubbing it for Dean’s rim to finally give way to Jimmy’s finger, but when it did, it slipped in easily. Dean was more than accustomed to this part and his smile was relaxed as Jimmy tapped and stroked his inner walls to make room for another finger and simultaneously open Dean up for him.
Rubbing his eyes, Castiel agreed, “Yes. But I don’t know what to do… I don’t have his number or address. I don’t even have a last name. I only know that he has a brother, with whom he spends the holidays with, and that he’ll leave again as soon as they’re over.”
“I like you very much, Cas… so much so, that I’d really wanna do this more often. It’s actually the first time in my life that I’ve dated and I must say I like this.” Castiel was able to breathe again, though his heart was still in his throat. “But I also like Jimmy and I wanna get to know him better, as well. I know it’s not fair to you–”
They laughed at that and Dean lobbed a cracker at Sam’s head, which he dodged like an expert without even looking, saying, “You sneaky bitch.”
Dean’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed thickly. He looked so unsure of what to say, his eyes searching the room as if it would hold an answer, so when he opened his mouth but nothing came out, Jimmy said, “You don’t have to say anything. Just, promise that, when Cas calls, you won’t hang up on him immediately because I freaked you out.”
When his own orgasm finally hit, Jimmy thought he’d blackout for a second with the force of it, but he kept rolling his hips into Dean to ride out the waves of pleasure and the blonde whined a little at the slow grind of their spent bodies. And as he carefully and slowly pulled out of Dean, taking hold of his legs to gently set them back down on the mattress, Castiel was already untying the knots and freeing their boyfriend of the ropes around his arms.
Carefully, Castiel reached out to take Dean’s hands in his own to inspect them, his forehead creased with worry. “You’re hurt…” he stated, searching Dean’s face for whatever happened. “What’s going on, Dean?”
“Of course.” Dean’s happy smile was almost blinding and it all made sense then. Why Cas went against everything that made him Castiel for one person he’d only known for a night. Jimmy understood why Cas felt the way he did and it was weird. Truly. But also wonderful and Jimmy suddenly found himself wanting to spend the whole day with him. “I know a place that’s not far from here that serves excellent burgers.”
Jimmy had known what Dean wanted the second he had mumbled those words, and he’d be a fool if he didn’t take the offer. Their Sub was pleading for one of his Dom’s cocks and the position Dean got suspended in made it almost too easy to create a ‘standing’ version of the 69 position. Once he took the place in front of him, Jimmy’s face was lined up with Dean’s hard cock and the other way around. And even though Dean was already craning his neck to start suckling on Jimmy’s dick in his state of happiness, they both knew that this would put too much strain on Dean’s muscles, so Cas helped Dean let go of his feet with his hands and gently guided his legs and arms into a more comfortable position.
He was extremely grateful that Dean had such a caring and loving brother.
Giving a small and thankful smile, Cas whispered, “Thank you,” and pressed his face into Dean’s hair, breathing him in.
“…before anything else happens. Cas, please! Come on, brother. He’s dead. If you die now, his death was for nothing.”
Her eyes linger at the patches of his uniform, and then she steps back inside the house and cranes her neck, calling out: “Sam!” When she looks back at him, her eyes are glassy and she can’t meet his gaze.
For a long and beautiful moment, they merely stood like that, holding each other tight and reveling in their closeness and this soft intimacy they shared. Castiel enjoyed having Dean in his arms again and he brushed his lips against the blonde’s cheek in a featherlight touch, his heart beating in a steady and calm rhythm. How Dean managed to have this calming effect on him? He’d never know. But he would hold it dear and treasure it for as long as he could.
Maybe that was what had changed. Castiel wanted to have sex with Dean the minute he’d seen the blonde. And he not only wanted to have sex with him, Cas wanted to make him his and he didn’t even know the man. Dean was a mystery to him, at best. Castiel knew he was a Sub, he knew he had a brother and that he didn’t live here and that he had problems with his Dom, which made Castiel feel all kinds of emotions – anger, sorrow, jealousy. He was angry at an unknown man for hurting and abusing a man he met once. He was sad that said handsome and sweet man was being treated like that and that he couldn’t be what Dean needed. And Castiel was jealous because that Michael got to meet him first and be Dean’s Dom, even though he was obviously not capable of handling and valuing such a responsibility. But that was all he knew about Dean.
Swallowing thickly, Castiel asked in a low, gravelly voice, “What else did you two talk about?”
While he wasn’t a clingy person in general, he did feel like it was easier to breathe with Dean around, but that didn’t mean that Cas was attached to his side 24 hours a day. It only meant that Dean was his other side and that, when he was this far away, Castiel started to feel that his other side was missing.
WARNING: suspension bondage, a version of standing 69, sex toys, punishments, cock cages, enemas, prostate massager, oral sex, massages, anal fingering, coming in pants, lingerie wearing, voyeurism, mention of cock-warming, lap sex, mention of past sexual assault (Michael)
“Okay,” Castiel said, slowly taking off his boxer briefs, “Are you sure you can stay in that position?”
Dean had done this before; teasing them until they started to go crazy. One day, he’d been weird the entire afternoon, shifting on his ass at the dinner table and glancing at them time and time again, and he had looked a bit sheepish but Jimmy and Cas hadn’t had a clue what was going on. After they had finished eating dinner, Dean had gotten off of his seat with the blanket from their couch still wrapped around his shoulders, covering his whole body, and Castiel had just thought that he’d been cold this day, but he’d been so wrong when the blonde had dropped it at the beginning of the stairs and informed that he was going upstairs. Wondering why Dean would give such information, Castiel and Jimmy had looked at him where he took the first step and seen that he was wearing nothing but red suspenders, white stockings, and a cock ring. Castiel had never seen his twin run this fast before but soon enough, they had found themselves chasing Dean upstairs and by doing so, they had also discovered that he’d been wearing a butt plug as well.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” He didn’t want Dean regretting what he was about to do and being reminded of a mistake he made every time he saw Jimmy’s art. If anything, he wanted Dean to be reminded of him every time he saw it, like it was an actual mark –
“He scared you when he flinched back, right?”
Taking this as a slight victory, knowing that this was all he was going to get, Cas merely nodded. There was a moment of utter silence before Dean broke it again to say, “You seem like an amazing Dom, like you’d care a lot about your Sub.” Hesitantly, Dean started to trace his fingertips along Castiel’s knuckles and a line up his arm. It tickled pleasantly and he smiled a content smile.
There was no way Dean was able to move like that but Jimmy didn’t seem to mind as he started kissing his neck again, probably sucking marks into his skin. Then, Castiel placed a hand next to their chests to prop himself up on it and lean down to slide his tongue into Dean’s mouth once more, kissing him wet and hard, before his lips wandered to the other side of his neck and started sucking the skin just like Jimmy.
Jimmy was surprised by this turn of their conversation. They had never had a fight in their life and while this wasn’t a fight yet, it wasn’t a typical conversation either. “Yeah... He wanted to make something right that
Cas’ eyebrows drew together in a frown and he stepped into Dean’s personal space to place a hand on his chest, meeting his eyes and asking, “Are you sure our visit is okay?”
Dean churned his insides painfully and something deep within him went hollow at the thought. Imagining it hurt, doing it would kill him.
Wanting to give Dean whatever he wished for, Castiel adjusted the nipple clamp and stopped once he got a breathy “Yeah, that’s it,” from Dean, then did the same with the other side. When he stepped back to take a look at his handiwork, Castiel let himself admire Dean’s body for a moment, taking in his flushed chest, his red cheeks, slick lips, and lust-blown eyes. Then his gaze traveled down and he watched Jimmy work over Dean’s cock for a while until he gently tapped his fingers against his twin’s shoulder to signal he should stop now.
Dean’s expression turned into one of betrayal and shock and he covered his mouth with his hand, shaking his head in disbelief. “She’s delicate Sam!”
After a while, his breathing was back to normal and his heart stopped hammering against Dean’s back. He soaked in the blonde’s scent, warmth, and feel and just enjoyed laying like this in comfortable silence, his hands rising and falling with Dean’s even breaths.
“Necrophilia fantasies are just as dubious,” Cas started, meeting Jimmy’s eyes, “It’s a fantasy where the Submissive represents a corpse and the Dom takes their pleasure from a ‘dead’ person.”
“Wait, a date? Like a
Tightening his grip around Dean to emphasize his seriousness, Castiel said, “I mean it. We’ve not even met a handful of times and I’ve never felt like this before but I also never want to feel any different. For the first time in my life, I feel like I belong somewhere.”
was the one holding the reins now.
“Shhh,” Castiel cooed, placing kisses along Dean’s spine while stroking his thigh and Jimmy noticed the cilice already fixated to it, “I’m here.” And with that, Cas trailed the hand up until he reached Dean’s ass and inserted four fingers into him at once, plunging them in and out of their boyfriend seemingly at the right angle, judging by Dean’s moans and the twitching of his body. Only mere seconds after that, Dean went completely still even though he let out a throaty cry before his body wracked in pulses as his orgasm washed over him, white cum spilling onto the sheets beneath him as Castiel milked him of all he was worth by continuing to thrust his fingers in and out of Dean’s glistening hole.
While Castiel traced Dean’s left asscheek with the tress crucially slowly, he took in his body a bit closer and loved the way his boyfriend responded to sensations like these, watching goosebumps stand up on end on his arms, Dean’s breathing slow and composed. Then, he began to stroke Dean’s skin with the device, changing the touch and tracing the leather up and down the Sub’s back in a barely-there caress. The next time he ran it down along the curve of Dean’s arched spine, he didn’t stop at his sacrum, just kept going until it glided along his cleft and slid between his cheeks, brushing the hook still inserted into his beautiful hole. He smiled at hearing Dean gasp quietly, his hips jerking, squirming, just the slightest bit, but even that was enough to remind him of the anal hook while Cas just ran the crop back up, making sure it contacted his hole again, grazing his stretched rim, until he reached the space between Dean’s shoulder blades.
How he still managed not to feel weird as he pulled down his sweats and sat down again was a mystery to him but he didn’t think twice about it as he took off his shirt as well, ridding himself of the last piece of clothing. Now, Jimmy was wholly naked, sitting with his legs apart and hard and pulsing dick standing proud between them, and he couldn’t wait for the next part; for
“Uh-huh.” He smiled as he motioned for Dean to lean back against the chair and get comfortable. “You’re a sight for sore eyes, I’m almost reluctant to tattoo such untouched territory.” He got the disinfectant and applied it to the area where the tattoo was going to be. “All that unblemished, flawless and pure and… pretty skin.”
He hurried into the bedroom, opened his drawer and grabbed the bottle of lube and a few condoms, then walked back into the living room and placed down behind Dean on his knees, setting the condoms aside for now, except one. Dean lifted his head from where it was hanging between his arms and looked over his shoulder to tease, “Could’a just used the one I had in my pocket, y’know…”
And Jimmy was sure that Dean had a breeding kink or something because he threw his head back, howling, as his body twitched with the orgasm still lingering right underneath the surface and trying to break free. His eyes were shut with the immense pleasure he was feeling and tears were running down his cheeks as Jimmy kept thrusting into him as good as possible in their position to ride out his own waves of pleasure.
Everything about Dean was perfect. The swivel of his hips, the heat of his skin, his weight, how tight he was around Jimmy, but most of all
“Right, and for me, it feels like I’m floating and my head’s all clear… like I’m allowed to let go,” Dean explained.
He hated himself right then. He wanted to fucking slap and scream at himself because… what on earth made him think Cas would ever hurt him?
Castiel smiled broadly at his answer and warned, “If you can’t obey, can’t be a good boy, we’ll have to punish you. And don’t think we won’t notice. You may be a good liar to other people, strangers, but we know you inside and out and we know the moment a lie leaves your lips.”
Dean merely smirked and cocked an eyebrow at her accusingly. “You sure ‘bout that? I didn’t leave
So, Dean grabbed the leather and handed it to Cas with a small and soft grin and closed his eyes when his Dom secured it around his neck again, making sure it didn’t sit too tight. After that, Castiel grasped Dean’s face and pressed their lips together in a passionate kiss and Jimmy watched in awe as his twin started to grin and chuckle again.
Without hesitation, the Sub lifted his head and met Castiel’s eyes with hooded ones. Strands of hair were clinging to his sweaty forehead and his mouth was still open with the breaths he took.
“Not one for sharing, huh?” Dean quipped, grinning cheekily, but that smile was wiped off his face within seconds as Castiel leaned in and gripped his chin with his fingers tightly, pressing his lips against Dean’s and plunging his tongue into his mouth to ravish him. Cas was greedy and possessive, the kiss so hard and dirty, that Dean had the feeling he was trying to eat him with how ruthlessly he was dominating and controlling every move.
Smiling, Castiel gave him a gentle kiss and asked, “What is it, my love?”
“What is it, my dear?”
Stroking his hand back up Dean’s pec in a tantalizing and slow way, Jimmy suggested, “Why don’t we cool you down a bit?” A wide smile was spreading across his face now and Dean knew that there had to be a catch to that. He nodded anyway and watched as Castiel scrambled to get to their bag and take out what seemed to be a thermal lunge box or something, then reached it out to Jimmy, who took it with both hands and set it down in front of him. It wasn’t big, truly just a lunch box, but when he opened it, Dean didn’t know what to make of what he saw. In the box, there was a colorless and probably homemade popsicle wrapped up in plastic wrap and next to it, a simple, big, glass plug. They’d even used this particular plug on him before and every time it had come into action, there’d been temperature play involved, which would explain the thermal box but not the popsicle.
He let them have their moment for a while before he cleared his throat loudly to get their attention. It worked, if the way they practically jumped two feet apart from one another and stared at him sheepishly was any indication. “Let’s go, then.”
So he kept going, feeling Dean getting closer and closer to the edge with each thrust, and Jimmy loosened one hand to slide it down Dean’s torso, watching the lean, beautiful body quake and shudder at his touch and seeing the color rising in his cheeks as the blonde went liquid under his touch, moaning softly. A moment later, Dean’s ass constricted around Jimmy’s cock as his muscles tightened before his cock jumped and he spilled hot and wet onto his own stomach, orgasming with a small gasp, his body going completely slack in Jimmy's hold, who's cock was being milked by the steady spasms of Dean’s body. The overwhelming contractions of his channel around Jimmy kept trying to draw him under as if trying to milk his orgasm right to the surface. It sparked under his skin like a live wire, sending wonderful currents of pleasure through his entire body so that his toes curled while he tried to keep going.
And as unbelievable and too-good-to-be-true as it sounded, Dean agreed to move in with them after they all talked about it for a while. He even called his brother and asked what he thought about this idea and Jimmy and Cas were so indescribably thankful that Sam thought it would be a great one. He encouraged Dean to move to California and even said that it was nice that he wouldn’t be alone in his place. The only compromise they had was to make sure they would live within walking distance from Sam so that they could visit each other whenever they wanted and Castiel had never felt so excited in his entire life.
WARNING: disobedience, non-con touching, bar fights, break-down, punishments, spanking, belting, Dom/top drop, only mentioned: asphyxiation/choking/breath play
“Good. I’m ready,” the blonde informed, not breaking eye contact.
“Yes,” Castiel chimed in, peppering kisses along Dean’s jaw, “that’s what toys are for, isn’t it?”
“No.”
Jimmy was just fast enough to catch them with his hands and he took a quick look at the pair, loving the feel of them in his hands, before he watched the scene right in front of him. Dean had made his way back towards Cas and used his strong shoulders for leverage as he climbed back into his lap to straddle him once more, grinding against him a few times to get Cas all riled up and panting. Jimmy vaguely noticed the song changing to Queen’s
As soon as the door closed after Sam had put on some clothes and left the apartment, Jessica turned on her heels and walked towards the spare room. She stopped in front of the door and hesitated for a moment before knocking, though she didn’t wait for any permission because Jessica was certain she wouldn’t have gotten one anyway and entered the room carefully.
“Yesss, Castiel… Green.”
When they left the restaurant, Cas walked with him for a while until their paths split and Dean really didn’t want it to be over then. This day had been great and Dean was so happy, he could annoy the hell out of his brother with all the energy. They stopped at the end of the street and just stood facing each other, doing that staring-thing they did. Cas’ eyes were a shade of deep, dark blue in the low lightening of the streets and they were almost hypnotizing as Dean found himself getting lost in the depths of it.
Smiling softly, Jimmy said, “It’s okay. As I said, I didn’t act any better and I’m sorry for that as well. Let’s just sit down and talk about this to prevent things like that in the future.”
He was breathing harshly, hands still clenched into fists, toes curled, and his body was flushed beautifully. Castiel admired his stomach then, watching the slight bulge of it from the enema he had gotten and how it rose and fell with his panting. The flow had stopped a while ago since Cas had only put as much water into it as he thought was still soothing for his submissive. This was not meant to be uncomfortable or even a punishment for Dean, after all.
“But you can’t make it come true ‘cause you can’t just be not twins and blood related,” Dean concluded with a nod and added, “Sorry to disappoint…”
“Your what?”
Now Dean just looked angry and Cas didn’t know what else to say to make him stay. “You’re not the first to tell me that, Cas.” He ripped his arm free of Cas’ grip and took a step back.
“Of course.” He took the number and pen and put them in his bag.
Now that they knew what had happened in Dean’s past and had their boyfriend’s utter trust, Jimmy and Cas were able to complete the contract and add more rules and things that should be kept in mind during a play session. After going through all of it a few more times to check if nothing got left out, Dean had given his agreement that it held everything it needed and reminded that it wasn’t a real contract like the ones required in clubs anyway, rather something that could be used as guidance. But he had said that it could be particularly helpful for Jimmy to follow its course and use it whenever he had questions or worries, and Castiel had to admit that it was a nice idea.
But instead of feeding him his cock as originally wanted, Dean let out a surprised yelp at the feeling of Castiel's flat and wet tongue lapping over his hole in slow, wet circles and it had him practically shaking for more. The feel of it was magnificent, the structure of it against his pink muscle a delightful sensation, and he moaned when Cas didn’t stop there. Instead, he teased his tongue over Dean's rim and worked in the tip of it, starting to slowly eat him out.
“What’s wrong with it?”
Another nod.
“Thank you,” Dean whispered, his voice soft, and Cas placed one more kiss to his lips before using the grip he still had around himself to guide his cock against Dean’s hole once again and slowly push inside, feeling his lover lifting his hips off the mattress slightly to take him in, inch by inch. While doing so, Dean’s lips parted as he breathed out in pleasure, his face flushed a beautiful, even darker rosy pink all the way down his neck, bringing out his freckles, and his eyes were heavily lidded but alive with pleasure. His body opened for his Dom like he was meant to fit Castiel inside and he was tempted beyond measure by the snug fit of Dean all around him once he was buried inside his Sub to the hilt.
“Sam’ll always need you and he would never be able to bear the thought of losing you.”
Sliding his tongue along the edge of Dean’s jaw, Jimmy teased, “Maybe you did want to get fucked all along…”
The blonde turned to look at him then and for just a crazy moment, Castiel thought Dean might feel it, too. The anticipation, the hot burn in his gut, the electricity between them… And when Cas locked his gaze onto Dean’s, the thought wasn’t that crazy after all, because his eyes were dark as his widening pupils cast a shadow on his irises. God, he wanted so bad to push Dean into the cushion and ravish him, and when the green-eyed gulped audibly, Castiel was sure Dean knew exactly what he was thinking about.
“Hmmm,” Dean hummed, opening his eyes and saying, “Me neither.”
“Thought Deano hated all things chick-flick?” Gabriel chimed in, quirking an amused eyebrow.
Chuckling, the nurse said, “I think it’s still my decision if you’re okay or not, but yes, Mr Winchester, since you’re over 21 and out of any danger, you can go whenever you please.”
” he glared at his chuckling twin, “turned on the wrong ring and so I burnt the plate and only noticed once I realized that the food didn’t start cooking and it began to smell weird.”
They watched Dean struggle with himself for a moment, probably deciding if this was one of those questions he wasn’t quite ready yet to answer. In the end, he confessed, “It’s like Michael said; I’ve slept with half the Novak family… so how am I supposed to still look you in the eye? You’ve gotta be disgusted by that and I don’t want to see the look in your eyes. I don’t want to see the disgust, I don’t want to see the pity, I don’t want to see any of that.”
“If you’d like, I could…” Somehow he wanted Dean to say yes. “I could make it. If you trust me… I could put something definite on your skin.” He wanted Dean to trust him and he wanted nothing more than for the blonde to walk around with his tattoo on his chest. And, of course, Jimmy wanted to see his bare chest.
“Why? It’s Dean.”
Behind them, Castiel chuckled softly and leaned in to press a kiss to the back of Dean’s neck, right above the collar, and whispered, “Remember, you’ll not just get spanked by one, but two Doms. I’d try to be good if I were you.” Dean visibly shuddered and Cas nibbled at his earlobe with a smile. “Now, come on. You peed and washed yourself so you’re all done here and ready for bed.”
“Okay, but before we start, there are going to be a few rules. First,” he started, taking another step forward to stand directly in front of their kneeling boyfriend and placing a hand on the back of Dean’s neck tenderly to stroke him. Dean keened at the touch, his back arching and body breaking out in goosebumps as he let go of a breathy sigh. “I want you to look me in the eyes, Dean. Don’t ever withhold those stunning orbs from me.”
against this truly fucked situation. “I’ll make ya stay… I’ve always liked you… so pretty…”
“Talk to me! Or talk to Jimmy, just stop running away from your problems, Dean.” His voice was loud and harsh and Cas realized how accusing it sounded the moment those words left his mouth but now there were out in the room and the damage was done. While Castiel knew Dean was good at hiding his emotions and masking them from people around him, the way hurt and shame crossed his features just before he closed off entirely was a shock to him. Where there had been a smile just minutes ago was now a thin line and his eyes – those beautiful, vibrant eyes – were cold and stony, void of any joy. Something deep inside him broke at being looked at like that with those hard green eyes he had fallen in love with and he swore in that second that he would never do anything to cause this reaction again in his life.
God, this man was going to be the death of him one day.
“Don’t worry, Dean, I didn’t. I was making sure you were okay with this. I didn’t want to overwhelm you.”
Then another man appeared on the stage as well, dressed in a black suit with a proud and powerful posture, but the most important thing was that he was the spitting image of Jimmy; as if he himself was on the stage. Though he was still in his seat, so this had to be his twin, Castiel, who walked straight to the ropes, grabbing two, and started untwisting them with deft fingers. The Dom had his eyes focused on the rope in his hands only and once he was done, he turned to face the submissive and rasped, “Shall we get started, Dean?”
He fell asleep immediately with a content smile on his face and dreamed of the beautiful green-eyed, the topic he and Jimmy discussed before totally forgotten about.
Dean only managed a lazy shake of his head, saying, “Nah,” and closing his eyes with a content sigh. He shivered slightly when Castiel buried his hands in his hair and massaged his scalp. This was such a wonderful feeling, Dean could doze off to it, always. And he felt so fucking sated, it was fantastic.
If he hadn’t been so concentrated on staying conscious, which was getting harder with each passing second as the loud beeping sound in his head got shriller and more painful, Dean would have freaked out about the fact that Michael was now slowly sliding his hand into Dean’s briefs. He registered a few words but his mind was too foggy to make them out and then he had about a moment to realize the hand keeping him against the wall was gone before the world tipped and he slumped forward as his legs gave out underneath him. Michael must have caught him, though, because he didn’t hit the floor as expected. But that was about everything his mind could comprehend at that moment and when his eyes fell closed – or maybe they didn’t – it was impossible to open them again.
Dean turned to look at his twin, waiting for his answer. “I’d be really interested and thrilled, yeah, but I don’t know if I’m experienced enough for anything like that.”
“Indeed. I’m the ‘guy’ that gives you very wise advice that you should follow.”
“Yeah, I did. First time we spent it with Jess, but she still allowed us to do this ritual of ours.”
Meeting his eyes, Dean gave him a small smile and walked up into his personal space to rest his hands on his chest and peck his lips. “I’m fine, Jimmy. You have to stop worrying that I’m hurt all the time.”
And then Benny visits. He brings flowers and he talks to Castiel for a few hours, about their comrades, their proceedings and he tells him that as soon as he feels up to it, Castiel is allowed to go home. For good this time.
Also, there’d been this one time Dean had told them about a few kinks people had tried with him after getting his consent to while the three of them had been lazily lying in bed after sex. It had been very interesting to hear what other people liked to do, and Jimmy had even known the terms of a few things, but that had stopped when Dean had started to talk about this one guy, who’d told Dean that he loved
Now, Cas stroked his hands over Dean’s stretched belly because he couldn’t help but admire how lean it was in this position, his fingers trickling up and down in a feather-light touch as he started to worship it. He traced his hands along the length of it, gliding up and down very slowly and making sure that Dean understood that being allowed to touch him like this was a privilege to Castiel while relishing the feel of Dean’s hot and soft skin underneath his fingertips. “My beautiful boy,” he praised softly, running his fingers lightly over the muscles in his abdomen, and listened to Dean keen even as he started to squirm at the ticklish feeling of his touch. The submissive was already far into subspace by now and Cas’ touch only helped him drift deeper into it while turning him into putty. He still managed to hum and purr with contentment, though, and when Castiel flicked his gaze down on his face, he saw that Dean’s eyes were even a little bit open as he tried to gaze at them.
He was a grown man capable of doing that himself by now, though there was something oddly confusing about the fact that Jimmy and Cas wanted to take it slow but told him beforehand that they would share a room and therefore another bed together. On New Year’s Eve. At the beach. In a huge house. Far away from his brother’s room.
Jimmy woke up early due to his excitement, blinking his eyes open and taking in his surroundings. His chest was pressed against Dean’s back and he was surprised to already find that more than just the typical morning wood was poking Dean’s thigh, even though he had taken care of his arousal last night. He must have had very nice dreams.
much – if their sweet noises were anything to go by – so Dean didn’t worry about that all too much. He made sure to work the underside of Castiel’s cock as well, rubbing firm circles over the sensitive bundle of nerves beneath the head with the tip of his tongue whenever he pulled off during his bobbing while bringing Jimmy closer to his inevitable orgasm by moving his ass up and down on his cock, working him over with his tight channel.
Next to them, Jimmy snorted a laugh and Dean pulled back his head to look at Cas with wide eyes. “What?”
As soon as they had put their stuff down and placed the blanket on the sandy ground, Castiel had demanded he take off all his clothes and lay down on the blanket, which Dean had dutifully done without even batting an eye. They were out of sight of other people and wouldn’t be disturbing anyone unless someone had the same intention as them and was looking for a secluded spot for some sexy time at the beach.
And those sweet
And while it crested, Jimmy thrusting in and out, taking Dean’s breath away, Cas' lips met his own softly, belying their passion with a gentle tenderness that struck Dean to the core and
He managed to keep it down, though, and constantly repeated that Dean was merely enjoying his food in his head and that his body should stop responding to something so innocent. Castiel had always been the master of his own body and emotions, he could control himself and as a Dom, he should.
When Jimmy carefully took hold of the nozzle and looked at him with questioning eyes, Cas nodded and smiled as his twin started to slide it in and out while the enema was flowing slowly. Dean moaned and threw his head back into the pillow, spreading his legs even wider, and Cas knew how erotic this must be for him. It sure looked absolutely beautiful.
“And it would be okay if one touches you while the other has sex with you?”
Giving him more but still not what Cas knew the blonde was asking for, he started to gently insert his right thumb after circling it around his rim and kneading it before also inserting the other one to massage his soft inner walls. Dean sighed contently but after a moment, he uttered, “more,” against Jimmy’s skin and tried to lift his hips to push his ass out even more, and Castiel rasped, “I don’t want to have sex with you now, Dean. It would be too much after such an intense scene,” trying not to sound too rejecting to prevent hurting Dean’s feelings. During aftercare time, Castiel and Jimmy had to be very careful with what they told Dean and how they said it because everything could potentially be understood wrongly by Dean and consequently cause him to drop, which was something they wanted to avoid at all costs.
Sticking out his hand to be shaken, Benny said, “Well, it’s nice to finally meet you…?” looking at Jimmy with a slight frown.
“No, I just told you about this one, I have more.”
With a happy smile, Jimmy turned to look at the others and saw that they were busy preparing everything, so he informed, “I’ll be with Dean,” and walked towards the blonde, who was sticking a foot into the water, only to jerk it out again, hissing.
“Mmhhh…Green. Green, Castiel.” The answer was mumbled and Dean’s voice was rough but it made Cas breathe out in relief and Jimmy smiled.
When Dean laughed like this, his lovely peridot eyes shone in the dark and the crackling light of the fire, his face bright and open, so wonderfully youthful. Jimmy’s heart had never felt quite so full, and the feeling only grew when Dean met his eyes with that dazzling smile on his lips while chewing another cracker. Everything about him was stunning in that moment and he seemed to glow once more. And Jimmy couldn’t stop to take in the quirk of one corner of his mouth, the wrinkles around his eyes, just everything…
“I didn’t say you did. And who thinks that anyway?”
While Jimmy moved further down to massage Dean’s calves, Castiel started to squeeze the muscles of the blonde’s chest. He kneaded along the folds of his pecs with his fingers and palms while compressing the skin and squeezing to achieve better penetration, though he was careful not to come in contact with Dean’s nipples just yet. When he decided he had been working Dean’s chest long enough, occasionally sliding his hands down the sides of his torso or down his abdominal muscles, Castiel traced the mesmerizing line of his clavicles with both hands, following the tantalizing curve of the bone right above his pentagram tattoo, and stroked his fingers across the freckled plane of skin along his shoulders and arms.
Arms started to wrap around his upper body, trying to drag him away, but he wouldn’t let himself be stopped now. Someone was talking, it was a deep voice and Castiel realized that it must have been Jimmy trying to calm him down and stop the fight. But that somehow made him even angrier and he lunged out with his elbow to land another forceful punch right against Michael’s nose, probably hitting Jimmy in the face during the process, but he couldn’t care less.
Meeting Dean’s hooded eyes, Jimmy pulled off of his cock and scrambled to sit down between Dean’s open thighs, his hands landing around Dean’s penis again as soon as he found a comfortable position. The blonde let out a wounded sound at the fact that Jimmy just stopped and it made him smile fondly as he said, “No.”
His eyes took in their baggage for a moment and when Dean met their gazes again, his expression was excited and he asked, “How long are you gonna stay?”
A moment later, someone else joined the stage, walking slow and sensual and taking light and gentle steps. His gait was enticing, his hips swinging slightly with every step he took towards the red circle. This man was completely naked other than the one already standing in his spot, and Jimmy knew he was absolutely beautiful even in the low light and with him wearing a mask that shielded his face from their eyes. And once the man stopped in front of the other, he knelt down by his feet in the circle, the way he effortlessly lowered himself to sit on his legs like that showing just how practiced he was. He bent his body over, then, leaning forward and stretching out on the floor with his arms above his head, hands palm-down on the floor with his fingers spread.
Truly, when Castiel had entered the room and seen Dean on his knees, he had meant to take things slow so that he could fully appreciate everything about their beautiful boyfriend from top to bottom. However, he had barely been holding it together as it was and Dean had been no more patient judging by the way he had met every thrust with his eager ass.
Cas smiled sweetly while Sam shook his head and after that, they waited for Jimmy’s return. When he arrived with a few bags filled with food, they placed everything where it belonged and sat down on the couch afterward, talking about their days and work. Dean was proud when Sam told them about the results of his papers and it made him feel really good as well, having made his brother that happy. But it was nothing compared to what he felt when Dean told them that he’d finally found a job and would start working there in two days and his face lit up with excitement and happiness as the twins and Sam had told him how great that was and how happy they were for him.
He starts at his collarbones, leaving a trail of open-mouthed kisses along his torso, dipping the tip of his tongue into the hollow of his navel and sucking on Dean’s soft skin on his way down to the younger man’s pelvis. Castiel smooches the skin there, his chin scratching the tender skin at Dean’s pubic bone. But before he takes it a step further, Castiel rests his hands on either side of Dean’s hips and asks: “Have you done this before?” The Winchester just shakes his head, honestly, and waits for Castiel to continue – who is more than baffled to learn that he is honored to be Dean’s first time with a man; to be the first to touch him like that, to bring him pleasure like
, my love,” Cas rasped into his ear while humping into the apex of Dean’s spread legs, pushing his clothed but unmistakably hard cock against his lover’s bared ass to emphasize his statement. The blonde just moaned, clenching his fists just like he had done during his punishment.
tap-tap – still alternating between left and right cheek. He didn’t maintain a steady rhythm to keep Dean guessing, playing with his anticipation, but he did get faster.
Sure, if it were up to Jimmy, he’d make Dean walk around with his skin covered with Jimmy’s cum every day, but he had to be realistic and admit to himself that that was neither fair to Dean nor comfortable for him. And if there was anything that Jimmy found more important than marking Dean as his, it was Dean’s happiness and well-being, so he couldn’t let him walk around with dry cum all over his skin because he knew from experience that this was icky, uncomfortable, and sticky.
“It’s okay,” Cas assured, giving him a soothing hug and a small smile once they parted again.
“Would you mind telling me why you’re so happy?”
“So, tell us about that twin,” Sam, the ever-curious one, urged and raised his eyebrows at him, waiting for an explanation.
“You’re always wanted, Dean,” Cas said, taking his hand and caressing its skin as he locked his eyes on Dean’s. “We will always want you.”
“I’d be more than open to it and I want it, no question there, but,” Jimmy rubbed his hands together, his brows furrowing, “Dean? He seems to be overwhelmed already. Are you sure he would even take this into consideration?”
“So,” the blonde grinned and teased, “you like pounding me while I’m at your mercy and can’t do anything about it? Can’t fight back?” Dean waggled his eyebrows suggestively, even though Castiel knew that it was a serious topic and could even bring back painful memories to himself, considering what he had been through with Alastair. “Or what is it that makes you want it?”
This right here was the part that Dean loved the most. The first moment after he got Cas or Jimmy seated deep, his body tight and stretched around them. There was just something about being completely open and at the whim of others’ pleasure that set him off like a rocket, which was also why he rarely ever even had to place a hand on himself. He just loved being a bottom, and for a few more seconds, he just took in that wonderful sensation of Castiel’s cock pressing against every single space inside of him, regulating his breathing as he placed one hand on Cas’ chest, cupping his pec, and tangling his other hand in dark, wild hair.
Jimmy had to swallow down his anger at hearing that, being immediately reminded of all the people that had already done that to Dean. Alastair, Michael, the asshole in the pub, and now this guy as well as countless other people that Castiel and Jimmy probably didn’t even know of. As if there was something like “assault me” written across Dean’s forehead that attracted dicks like that to him. It made him furious. And Dean was merely a man, just imagining what would be going on on a daily basis if Dean was a woman, was almost too much for Jimmy after everything that happened today.
“Haha, that wasn’t a crush, I just really wanted to look at her in that bikini the entire day.”
“Yes, ours.”
Two days ago, he had met Michael in a Café and told him about his plans to move away – although not telling him where – and that this was going to be the last time they’d see each other. When Dean had clarified that they would consequently no longer have this arrangement and suggested that Michael should look out for a new submissive, the Dom hadn’t taken it very well and asked Dean to stay because he meant so much to him. But he had said that he couldn’t and wouldn’t do so and told him to let him go before Dean had put down a ten-dollar bill to cover their coffees and walked out of the café to drive to the auto repair shop and quit his job.
Then he turned around fully and grabbed both their hands, tugging them closer to him. “You’re still keeping something from me…” Narrowing his eyes at them in feigned suspicion, Dean added, “What is it?”
“Jerk,” the younger Winchester answered and Dean could hear the warm affection in his voice, turning his own smile into a soft one.
Nodding, Dean bit his lip and craned his neck to kiss his boyfriend chastely, snaking his tongue into his mouth to deepen it. A moan slipped out of him without his permission when Castiel gripped the back of his neck to angle Dean’s face, diving right into his mouth to ravish him. And yeah, Dean might have initiated this kiss, but there was no doubt who was owning it now. It turned into a heavy make-out session pretty fast and Dean found himself breathless a few seconds later. When they parted, he needed a minute to calm down again and blushed as he realized that Castiel was staring at him with lust-blown and triumphant eyes.
Castiel knows he looks like a mess. The bags underneath his eyes are so dark that it doesn’t look healthy anymore, his eyes are almost hollow, his smile doesn’t last a millisecond and his shoulders are slumped. He’s the walking definition of grieve.
There was an intrigued expression on Dean’s face and he nodded once, smiling softly. “Don’t worry, I don’t think it’s weird. Man, there’s crazier stuff out there.”
Dean smiled wickedly and rasped, “And you’ve been watching this whole scene the entire time, standing there and observing us like a perv? Because you sure look like that.”
When he was done with that, making sure he was all clean and ready to be prepped, he turned off the water and grabbed the bottle of lube around the corner on the edge of the sink, and dried his hands in the towel. After that, he coated his fingers with lubricant and leaned forward slightly, reaching his right hand behind his back to prod at his rim before sliding one digit inside. Dean didn’t make a big deal out of it and opened himself up almost clinically, adding finger after finger once he had made enough space to insert another one, making sure to use a lot of lube to slick himself up and ensure an easy and smooth way inside for Jimmy and Cas.
“Okay, let’s sit down and talk if you feel ready,” Cas said calmly, tugging at Dean’s hand after receiving a nod to start guiding him towards the living room while Jimmy followed behind him, his arm still wrapped around the blonde’s waist.
The blonde chuckled and gripped the collar of his shirt with both hands to take it off over his head, revealing miles of beautiful, freckled skin. It was a bit paler than on his arms, where his shirtsleeves would usually end, and Jimmy had to take a moment to memorize everything. His collar bones looked just amazing as they formed his broad shoulders and his forearms were Heaven. They were strong and big but still fitting the rest of his lean and well-built body and Jimmy found himself wanting to wrap his hands around them and watch as the skin gave in underneath it. His chest was chiseled and while his torso was still muscular, it looked natural and his stomach soft and it was mesmerizing. Jimmy imagined his body would feel amazing beneath his because there wasn’t just steal and hair. And his nipples looked delicate – all pink and hard from the cool air in the room. That meant they were very sensitive and Jimmy smirked at the knowledge.
Sam was just done preparing setting up the spare room for his brother when he heard the unmistakable screech of the beloved car coming to a halt in the parking lot, its – as Dean would call it – beautiful purr dying as the engine was killed. There was no need to take a look out of the window to confirm who it was because, if the car on itself wasn’t enough of a hint already, it would definitely have been the way gravel scrunched underneath big boots belonging to its driver. Dean had always had this heavy gait and long strides Sam would recognize among a million and he secretly smiled at himself. How it was possible to walk like that but make it seem effortless and graceful at the same time would always be a mystery to Sam. There was just a sense of ease in the way he moved.
Jessica’s call for them had Dean chuckling against Jimmy’s lips and he took a step back, laughing himself. For a moment, they merely stood there, gazing at each other in the dark while laughing slightly, before he took Dean’s hand in his own and strode out of the water. He picked up their shoes and socks and led his boyfriend back to the fire where the others had already taken their seats. Jessica and Sam sat together on one blanket and they left the one directly facing the ocean for the three of them, where Cas rested on, watching them approach with a small smile.
Nodding once, Dean wrapped his legs around Jimmy’s waist, placed his hands on Castiel’s knees, and gripped tightly as Jimmy pushed forward into his heat, groaning in unison as inch by inch was buried inside Dean. Only soft, Cas and Jimmy were already a freaking mouthful, but all hard and aroused like that, they were
Smiling, Cas started to move his hand, stroking Dean a few times, before swiping his thumb over his head to collect the pre-cum that had gathered there and used it for a smoother glide. He alternated between stroking, flicking his wrist, which made Dean moan beautifully, and toying with his slit, which was what had the green-eyed rocking his hips up into Castiel’s hand helplessly and moaning wantonly.
“Wings.” If it was possible, Dean’s eyes would have widened even more. Chuckling, Jimmy asked, “What would you like to get?”
“You’d love that, huh? Want me to give it to you good?”
His possessiveness flared up again and before he realized what he was doing, Castiel pressed his mouth to it and lapped inside, darting his tongue into his boyfriend and tasting what he spilled inside of him, at which Dean let out a long and sensual moan. He was loose and soft and yielded beautifully to Cas’ mouth and the piercing stretch of his tongue, as he ate out his own cum from Dean’s hole, his own flavor exploding over his tastebuds.
Pride and love swelled up within him and he turned to look at their boyfriend with wide eyes, asking, “Dean, are you sure?”
His back was beautiful and muscular, his shoulders broad and covered in light brownish specks. The skin was unmarred except for a few very thin lashes that seemed to be older since the scar was brighter than his skin on his lower back, disappearing into his pants. He wanted to trace them, but Castiel stopped himself from doing so because he was scared to cross a boundary. Instead, he kept massaging Dean’s shoulders, putting enough strength into his hands to knead the tension out of them.
Castiel’s hand never left his body as Dean moved to comply, resting reassuringly on the small of his back as he crawled into the bed on his hands and knees until Cas said, “Stop,” and he felt the mattress dip behind him as the other man joined him. “Good,” he praised, stroking his hand down Dean’s butt and back up to rest above his ass. “Now, I want you to lay down and turn onto your back, then I’ll do the rest.” So he sunk down on the mattress with his hands still holding his weight and used this hold to flip himself onto his back.
“What if we want to?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He complied without any thought and got himself in the right position, his cock resting between his legs and not underneath his belly and his head turned to the side cushioned by the pillow. Jimmy adjusted his legs and feet a bit so that Dean was in an even more comfortable position while Cas changed the angle of his arms and wrists. They managed to make Dean feel relaxed just by the way they arranged his limbs, he didn’t know how he’d come out of this…
(See the end of the chapter for
Trailing down his back and lower to his thighs once again, Cas wanted to mark Dean, stake his claim, and leave pink bruises of his love all over the pale skin beneath his lips. But he managed to keep his possessiveness under control and remained gentle, lapping at the sweet taste of his boyfriend’s thigh and listening to the soft and breathy sounds coming from his mouth.
Suddenly, Dean found that he had no more saliva to swallow, and all his nerves came crashing back in, reminding him why he had answered with yellow in the first place. He wasn’t afraid to be taken like this, under different circumstances, he’d even fucking beg to be taken like this because he was a needy cockslut, but he had already come three freaking times tonight and he didn’t know how his body was supposed to manage another one without breaking.
was only for them. “You’re so good, Dean. So beautiful. I can’t wait to be inside you,” Cas rumbled as he stepped between Dean’s open legs, his hands sliding up his thighs where they were spread wide around Castiel’s hips.
Caressing Dean’s belly with a fond and lustrous expression probably written all over his face, Jimmy suddenly realized that they were both waiting for him, and he hurried to place his hands on Dean’s thighs, gripping the meat of them to hold on to his boyfriend, who sighed happily at the firm contact, and gave his permission for Cas to go on by nodding once. The next thing he knew was Castiel slowly lowering Dean just enough that the tip of Jimmy’s cockhead brushed the Sub’s spread rim before he was gone again as Castiel lifted him back up. Jimmy looked up to meet Dean’s eyes again and this time, they kept staring at each other intensely as Castiel lowered him for the second time to repeat the first move.
The car stops in front of a big, two-story house, in front of it a nice yard with freshly mown grass and a few flowers. It wasn’t anything extra special, but Castiel can picture Dean mowing grass and sitting in the front porch at night, stargazing...
They spent the next ten minutes watching Dean rest, giving him the break he deserved, and calling his name to keep him from slipping into subspace or falling asleep. Once Castiel decided that Dean had calmed down and regained enough strength, he asked, “You have two more orgasms still in front of you, Dean, do you think you can make it?”
Sam was having too much fun to point that out, though, so he ignored it altogether and concentrated on what Dean was saying, leaned in closer to hear his words over the loud conversations in the bar and the rather annoying music in the background, and nodded whenever it was appropriate to do so.
“Both?” Jimmy asked, his hand tugging at his cock in his pants.
For whatever reason, Dean had never been really fond of telling him about such dark things. Sam knew a lot about Dean, considering what they have been through together, but of course, he didn’t know everything. And whether it was because Dean decided that he could be honest with him now or thought he was finally old enough to hear the stories, Sam was glad that he did. It opened his eyes and he promised himself and Dean that he would be careful out here – in the ‘adult’ world – and learn from other people’s mistakes.
“No, thank you.” She nodded and passed by to ask the other guests if everything was to their contentment. When Jimmy looked back at Dean, the blonde was slowly standing up and searching his pockets for money. He put down twenty dollars and Jimmy got the cue, so he stood too, fishing his wallet out of his bag and adding ten dollars to it. Dean waited for him to grab his things and when he gave him a small smile, the blonde started walking out of the café-slash-diner. He stopped at the street and turned around to face Jimmy.
Doing what he was told, Dean first took a cautious step towards the bed, then another one and another until he heard the ‘stop’ he’d been waiting for and halted. “Very well. Bend down slowly and brace your arms on the mattress, then do the same with your knees and crawl forward until I tell you to stop again.”
Dean fumbled with the keycard, swiping it across the lock several times, then flipping it once he realized the door wouldn’t open while Jimmy dragged his hot lips across his nape almost impatiently. As soon as the lock made a clicking noise, a green light indicating that it was now unlocked, and the door opened a slight gap, Castiel made a noise of contentment and pushed Dean inside the hotel room, grabbing him by his bicep to turn him around and backing him up until his back hit the wall. The door slammed shut behind Jimmy bringing in their bags and Dean only had a second to watch his boyfriend walk towards them before his view was obscured by a mop of dark locks as Cas pressed his mouth against Dean’s hungrily.
Castiel stepped into his apartment with a set jaw and his lips pressed together in a thin, unhappy line. Inside, he took off his coat and placed it on top of Dean’s leather jacket after staring at it for a moment. “Where is he?”
“That’s where I come in, Sam. I’m the neutral part of this relationship. I’ll see when something isn’t right, and – twin or not – if I see Cas treating Dean wrong, I will do everything to stop it.”
Of course, they never started something without Cas’ typical reassurance and when Dean heard the words “are you sure?” for the seemingly hundredth time today, he barely stopped himself from rolling his eyes and leaned forwards into Cas’ space, a smirk on his lips as he rasped, “Yes, sir.”
In the water in front of him, Jimmy contently observed his boyfriend and twin interact with each other, splashing water into their faces and ducking underneath the surface to either dodge another splash or surprise the other. They were laughing loudly and Jimmy loved seeing Dean so happy and carefree. And even though he wasn’t down there with them, it was one of the best and most beautiful evenings they’ve ever spent together.
With the toys in his hands, Castiel walked towards the bed and placed them down next to it on the floor, making sure they made no loud noises when he retracted his hands to open the drawer of the nightstand to get the lube, placing it on top of the cover on the bed. Before they could start, though, Cas walked back towards the drawer one more time and pulled out shiny turquoise silk rope, then closed the drawer and went to put the bundles next to the other stuff he already placed there.
Attaching his lips to the back of Dean’s neck and kissing his skin, Cas asked, “Is this better?” while Jimmy gripped Dean’s angled leg with a hand, his other hand playing with Dean’s hair that had fallen to his forehead.
for better quality.
Shaking his head once more, Dean said, “Nope. Never done anything else than submit in those clubs.” Knowing this made Castiel happier than he thought it would and he smiled, which Dean immediately noticed, of course. “Why? Are you jealous, Cas?” There was a smirk gracing his lips as he looked at Cas with raised brows.
Turning on his heels to walk towards Dean, Cas asked, “You said he was worried? Was he okay as he left to go shower?”
Castiel was sure Dean was asking because he was afraid he would be mad at him or Benny, or even jealous since Jimmy and Cas knew they’ve been intimate together once and have been friends longer than they’ve known Dean. But he could see past that and he was glad that Dean had such a good and loyal friend as Benny, someone who had taken care of him when Jimmy and Cas couldn’t, and he wanted to get to know that person. Even thank him for being there for Dean.
“It should still be horizontal, right Castiel?”
“Hey,” Jimmy soothed, taking a step closer to rest his hand on his shoulder, “that doesn’t bother you, right?”
Another frustrated sigh left Dean’s lips and he started fiddling with his hands. They seemed to be extremely interesting to him right now as he kept staring at them with laser focus. After a while, he said in an almost whisper-like tone, “He was so honest and open with me and he was worried about me being with Michael and then he ended up telling what he would need in a Sub, which was that it wouldn’t just require a physical connection with him, but an emotional one. Cas would need a romantic relationship with someone he could trust and love and I could never be that someone because I’m a useless piece of crap and messed up. And I can’t use my goddamn words when I need to and I could never be enough for him, or anyone! It would never do!” Dean got louder at the end, his voice harsher.
A few nights ago, Jimmy and Cas had been looking for collars for Dean, and based on what they’ve seen and both liked, Cas left work as usual and went to go search for a collar just like those. It was the only way he knew would satiate his need to make Dean theirs – by wearing their collar. And so he told Jimmy to tell their boyfriend he had to stay longer at work to have enough time to find the perfect one.
“Think you should ask yourself,” he said, giving Cas a little suggestive smirk and a wink for emphasis, “as if you and Jimmy wouldn’t love to fuck my brains out in front of this much of an audience to demonstrate that I’m your slut.” Dean knew that if Castiel wasn’t currently in his Dom-mode, he’d been smiling widely at that remark, but right now, he was giving him an unimpressed look while his fist closed down around his shaft, squeezing it past the point of pleasurable pain as punishment for acting up but not enough to cause Dean agony.
Right now, though, all Jimmy could do was hang on for dear life as Dean finally sank down all the way, bottoming out, and gave them some time to adjust before lifting himself halfway up Jimmy’s cock, only to lower himself back down in one well-practiced movement. It felt absolutely incredible, and Jimmy sighed as his boyfriend lifted himself back up to do it again. From this point on, Jimmy merely concentrated on staying still and just soaking up the sensations, trying to keep his eyes open to take in the gorgeous sight of Dean working himself up and down in his lap, undulating his hips back against Jimmy’s for more force and grind.
