Steve had already opened the gate, and he tugged lightly on the reigns before the horses began galloping out of their holding area and through the streets of Athens.
“And you know, I have nothing against that, for once," Tony said with a smirk, shutting his eyes to rub his cheek against Steve’s hand, enjoying every subtle touch.
Steve loved the small flutter in his heart every time he touched Tony. “Well, it was an accurate representation, I hope.” he said, standing up to look down at his work from a different perspective.
“Trust me”, Steve huffed. “I know.”
“Think that you can fly again and not land us in a pool if I do that midair?”, Tony asked him after that long pause,
Steve tilted his head to the side, trying his hardest to keep his eyes open despite Tony's actions, making a soft murmur the moment he was placed down. He breathed deeply, through his heart raced, and the sound roared in his ears.
Tony’s eyes darted to the door, widening as he noticed a number of people he had never seen before marching into the room, led by Rhodey, who didn’t seem happy at all. He sat up, not bothering to cover his body, as he gave everyone a look. “Why didn’t anyone bother to knock?” he asked, looking straight at Rhodey. “What’s the meaning of this, Rhodes?”
“Son of Athena, you seem to see yourself as a saviour, but if you heard me out too, you would realize that we don’t need saving. What help are you offering to give, without implying that we are lacking any of your qualities? Speak up and I will judge myself whether or not you are to be trusted,” he finally said as he got the spear in his hands again and moved slightly back, nodding at Steve to start talking.
“This isn’t my city to tell you what you can and cannot do,” Steve said, shifting the scrolls in his grip.
Tony nodded to him, eager at the prospect of learning, of finding out more about what really interested him. “Really? You have all of that?” he asked as he fixed his own tunic and got Steve’s hand, standing up properly.  “And more plays?”
“You sound as though you wish to leave your people,” Steve said, picking up the shield to hand it to Tony. He never let anyone hold it, and yet he trusted Tony, even though he had been the last man to feel its strength in combat.
“You truly are pure and innocent, untouched...” Tony muttered as he kept his hand in place, not wanting to move and scare Steve off. He rubbed Steve's cheek with the back of his hand. “I can stop. We can just sleep together, just like we planned."
“I want to go there”, Steve said with a calm voice. “How do I get there from here?”
The sharp sound of his armour being pierced echoed through his ears and he could feel his heartbeat. He gasped, pulling back to look down. The tip of Tony’s spear protruded through his chest plate - only that spear, crafted by Hephaestus, could pierce his armour. One of the Spartans had grabbed the spear when Tony let it fall, and had struck him from behind, the warriors face covered completely in red as he let out a loud battle cry.
“I do,” Steve said, brushing a strand of hair out of Tony’s face.
“Good call, we don’t want to see bullet holes on that pretty shirt of yours now, would we?”
“I’ll see you tomorrow morning?”, he asked the billionaire who stretched his arms.
“Yes you are, Herr Rogers, this was a huge success for everyone here!”, Zola’s voice was heard as the door opened, a few scientists coming inside, looking excited. He could already hear celebratory cheering outside, but he was more eager to test his recovered skills, see what else those legs could do.
It was true, thinking straight seemed to be impossible at this point, he was furious, disappointed, lied to, and he didn’t know if he could honestly believe Tony anymore. Maybe he was right, he couldn’t understand why he would inform him of this if he was working with them - unless he was the biggest mastermind behind the whole operation, using Steve to get the scientists out of this and be the only one in charge. Part of him didn’t want to believe that the man before him was capable of something like this, not when they spent the entire last night talking about each other, about their traumatic experiences in the battlefield. No, this had to be entirely the work of someone who had lived their entire lives without setting foot on a dangerous mine field or held a gun in their hands.
“No, it’s fine, I can handle this”
“You want proof?” Tony murmured. “You’ll have it.”
“So I am a demon now?” Tony asked, a bit annoyed with how blunt Steve was being in the way he spoke about him. “Still not managed to redeem myself?”
He grew up in a small Irish community, doing all kinds of chores to support his mother once his father was killed in during an argument that turned out to be quite bloody and ugly in the end. After his mother passed away, he worked at random ranches around town, herding and tending cattle, learning his way round being a proper cowboy and most of all, how to ride a horse. He was quite good at it; he was even called a natural when he tamed his first wild horse. It was a beautiful beast, with a shiny brown coat, dark markings around its eyes and an attitude closer to one of a mule’s. Of course Captain, a fitting name for such a companion, came with Steve and accompanied him when he finally decided to work for the law. That required him to move to the nearest town, leaving most of his older life behind. Irish men weren’t exactly favoured by the local authorities and they sure caused some unnecessary trouble, especially when they started forming big gangs. Still, the Marshall did give young Steve a chance to prove himself, and was even impressed with the boy’s determination to serve the country’s law and protect its citizens.
It won’t be long now before it finally hits; Tony curses himself, he feels too close, too early he’s losing his wits. But he’s been dreaming about this for oh so long, that finishing so early just feels fundamentally wrong.
pout forming on Tony’s face out of the corner of his eye.
“Stop,” Tony half-heartedly grumbles as he lightly swats at Steve’s chest. “I’m trying to be mad at you, handsome.”
“I guess we could try again,” Tony sighs like it takes everything in him to concede defeat. He even pretends to not notice the glimmer in Steve’s eyes and how his entire demeanor changes with just a few simple words. “I mean, we’re already here. He won’t let me put him down now though, so any ideas? Because I’m too exhausted to even think straight.”
The sunlight filtering through the floor to ceiling windows woke Steve from his slumber the following morning, as he laid in a tangled mess of sheets, where he found himself wrapped around Tony in his massive bed. For the first time in his life, Steve didn’t feel the need to rise at the crack of dawn, instead choosing to pepper gentle kisses across the brunette’s face. Tony was groggy and pliant as Steve ran his hands over the man’s tanned skin and they lost themselves in languid lovemaking. There was no rush to their movements or lingering heat from the night before, just a steady build to pleasure that left them sated and disheveled in bed for the rest of the day.
It’s silly, but Steve feels like a shield against the outside world. With a single kiss and a sweet embrace, he melts away the screaming kids, the elf that hollers at everyone in line and the asshole behind them who
“Yes, Steve,” Tony sarcastically agrees as he rolls his eyes. “At this rate, you’ll probably be the first to give me diabetes with all the sweets you leave around. My body has to be ninety percent sugar at this point.”
Then he feels the bed dip and puffs of breath ghost across his skin before lips kiss his shoulder feeling like sin. This cannot be real knowing Tony’s luck, but a look behind him surrenders him awestruck.
“Someone needs a nap,” he teases. “You seem a little grumpy, honey.”
Peter and Steve had been at the high school where Peter was entering his project into the science fair. His project was a study of the use of multi-frequency acoustics to improve production in oil and gas wells, something Tony and him had spent weeks working on. Steve had been listening to Peter’s breakdown of their research when his phone rang and Tony’s picture popped up on the screen. He had answered, expecting to find out if Tony had arrived, only to be met with a frantic ramble from his husband. Tony was lost.
He keeps his attention on the book in his hands while sneaking glances at Tony through his peripherals, trying to gauge his intentions. He can tell Tony is facing him and his exaggerated groans and sighs assure Steve that whatever he was working on is on pause and Tony has no idea how to entertain himself in the meantime, which means it’s up to Steve. Accepting his fate, he closes the book to wrap his arm around Tony, pulling him snug against his body. “Hey, darlin’. You finished for the day already?”
“Sorry, sweetheart,” Steve cheekily replies, not sounding sorry in the slightest as his hand winds its way around Tony’s waist and guides him through the mobs of people. “Would it make it better or worse if I told you that you and Peter were all I wanted for Christmas?” Tony gives him an exaggerated sigh in response and Steve releases a warm chuckle. “Yeah, I thought so. But seriously, you made my day — no, my year —- by doing this today.”
Steve can already imagine Tony’s body illuminated by the evening colors filtering in through the windows, softening all of his features into an angelic haze. Tony can read his thoughts too because Steve catches the sly smirk moments before he moves to straddle him and his hands instinctively reach for Tony’s hips.
When Peter realizes neither of them is coming, the first tear falls and Tony curses himself as he runs across the stage with Steve hot on his heels. By the time Tony reaches him, Peter is openly sobbing. Nothing Tony says seems to calm him down so he takes to shushing and rocking him while he paces off to the side.
- was safe.
Tony takes a laughably small bite, before going back in for a decent-sized second helping at Steve’s urging and once he’s deemed it safe. Steve can see the moment his eyes light up as the flavors mix in his mouth. “Oh my god,” Tony lewdly moans as he throws his head back and finally relaxes and seats himself in Steve’s lap. “This is the best thing I have ever had in my entire life.”
“I hope you are not serious right now,
take Tony one day, but it's Steve who has been dead for years. Tony slowly strangled the life out of him with each year he suffered, until Steve's soul crumbled to ash within him. The serum keeps him alive against his own will, keeps his heart pumping and keeps his vitals functioning properly. Looking at Tony now though - slumped in his wheelchair in front of the television that's playing some daytime talk show rerun - Steve knows they are still connected by one fact, that they may both still be breathing, but they sure as hell aren't alive.
Releasing a sigh, Tony leans his head back against Steve, hoping that he can rest his eyes for a bit too. Just as he finally begins to relax, Tony is bumped into hard by the jerk behind him. He stumbles forward further into Steve and the sudden movement jars Peter awake too, and Tony sees red. He turns, ready to pounce at the guy who is oblivious to Tony’s rage and the fact that he’s invaded his personal space. Luckily for him, Steve somehow effortlessly spins Tony so that his short fuse will have to go through him first before inflicting any sort of real damage.
While the lacerations and bruises from the war had healed, Tony hadn’t come out unscathed. The wormhole had instilled fear in the genius that left him with horrific nightmares, that inevitably led to destructive tendencies. Tony, the self sacrificial idiot, clearly needed support. Needed someone who could shoulder some of the burden he felt and lighten his load. Steve didn't hesitate to fill that role for the man who somehow captivated his thoughts.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Steve says so low that it’s almost a whisper. He’s fidgeting where he stands like a teenager that’s being chastised rather than Tony’s normally composed husband. “You're always right. I’m— I’m sorry.”
,” Tony chides, his pet name coming out more condescending than endearing. “Do you know how disgusting this floor is? That stickiness you keep stepping in is guaranteed to be some sort of bodily fluid.”
from their phones — which I’m not sure if that’s amazing or terrifying yet,” Steve admits as his brows furrow adorably like he’s truly weighing the pros and cons of technology. He sighs and gestures around the chaos of the mall he’s dragged Tony to before turning his blue pleading eyes at Tony like he’s asking him to understand. “I guess I worry that like most children, he’ll probably have to mature faster to adapt. Before you know it, he’ll be a teenager that wants nothing to do with us, and one day he’ll even move out and start his own life.”
His coordination went next. Numerous meals turned into frustrated tantrums as Tony struggled to keep food on his utensils, and an even harder time bringing it to his mouth. Steve had to plan their meals accordingly, which meant sustenance like soup and coffee had been the first to go because Steve was terrified Tony would burn himself. Eventually, most items were crossed off the list of approved cuisine because his husband couldn't gather them on the plate or properly feed himself. Tony's blunders grew, rendering him useless to carry out even the most meager tasks. Steve had to assist him in brushing his teeth, managing his hair and shaving while his husband pouted like the toddler he had been reduced to. Even though they both knew what was happening, Tony never verbally acknowledged his body's decline besides his groans of protest, and Steve never voiced his concerns as the last few remnants of Tony perished.
It had started small, with Tony complaining of stiff muscles. Steve would massage the affected areas but it never seemed to improve. He gradually became more and more unsteady on his own two legs. As he walked around the tower, Tony dragged his feet like they were made of lead and his legs barely supported them. The more movement he did during the day, the more Tony complained of how exhausted he was, which is when Steve felt the gravity of the situation hit him like a ton of bricks. In all the years he had known Tony, not once had he ever admitted to being tired. As his muscles weakened, Steve found Tony opting to sit a lot more, which only aided in the waning of what little strength he had left, until he couldn't even stand on his own.
Tony looked around in confusion. “What? Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?”
“Huh?” Caught off guard by the question, Steve follows Tony’s gaze to the plate of s’mores that he had long forgotten. “Oh, um, s’mores?” Steve’s confused, not sure why Tony seems so invested with his plate of food.
When it came down to it, the right moment had been before a huge gala they were attending for the September Foundation. Tony had been fixing his suit in the mirror and grumbling to himself in what appeared to be frustration. Steve had thought it might have been nerves, but when he embraced the smaller man to ask, the answer surprised him. His shirt had been pulled to the side to reveal a large love bite that Steve had left days ago, perfectly concealed under his attire. Tony had been frustrated that Steve could lay a claim to him that told the world he was taken, but Tony would never be able to return the favor. Steve had never hated the serum coursing through his veins more than at that moment.
The deafening silence that followed them home was dreadful, a reminder of how out of his depth Steve truly was. It was nothing compared to what unfolded in the comfort of their home though. Tony had barely made it out of the elevator before he collapsed and released the most heartbreaking sob that had Steve’s gut-wrenching. All Steve could do was hold his husband while he broke. There were no words that would have calmed Tony’s panic, no pill he could have taken to absolve it and no action they could have taken to overturn the diagnosis.
Steve pulls a face, raising his brows before swatting Tony on his behind. “Did you want me to dump you on the floor?”
“Me ‘oo!” Peter happily chirps once Tony and Steve finally part lips. Tickled by their display of affection and not to be outdone, Peter makes sure to give them both a sloppy kiss on the cheek before cheering excitedly.
“What are we going to do?” Steve mumbles.
And he was absolutely right, Tony did
As dreams of their past kept Steve lulled to sleep, he was brutally awoken by a fist connecting with his nose and a cry of alarm. He had bolted awake to find his husband crouched in a corner nursing his hand to his chest. His first instinct was always to protect Tony, but when he tried to approach him, his husband had let out a snarled warning. Tony didn’t recognize him and didn’t know where he was. Steve had known this day would come, he had just never considered what he’d do when that moment came.
“I know,” Steve sheepishly replies as he runs a hand down the back of his neck. “It’s just...Peter will be all grown up before we know it. And I thought — I just wanted a fond memory that I can look back on. Just one day where
Tony faces forward again, feeling the bed rustle more as the body behind him presses flush against his; fingers skirting to and fro, mapping his body like there might be a pop quiz. He’s unsure if he’s dead, maybe this is heaven; how else could he explain this moment with Steve, the object of his obsession.
Steve remembers moving into the tower. There was an unexplainable need for Steve to be closer to Tony, so when the genius offered room and board, Steve jumped at the opportunity. He remained a constant in the man’s life, as a reminder that Tony wasn’t alone and wouldn’t ever be again. When Tony hid in his workshop - oblivious to everything but the blueprints and equations displayed before him - Steve brought him food and water to fuel him for the inevitably long benders. When Iron Man defied orders and risked his life on a mission and wanted to lick his wounds in private, Steve took the brunt of Fury’s incessant rants before ushering Tony to medical where he stayed by his side. And as the genius awoke in the early morning hours riddled with sweat and panicking from the atrocious nightmare that inhabited his mind that day, Steve was there to console him.
Tony leans back, giving himself over to Steve, conveying his gratitude for whatever he'll receive. He's rewarded with blunt nails exploring his chest, traversing the expanses of skin like they're on a quest.
“That’s right, Pete,” Tony coos. “Tell Papa he’s wrong.”
“Oh baby, shh. You’re okay,” Tony soothes as he runs gentle circles on Peter’s back. “Daddy’s sorry for yelling, he’s not mad.”
Tony’s shirt is lifted and pulled over his head, discarded wildly with Steve’s own just past his bed. Then Steve’s hands settle on his hips before they gently tug down, until nothing is left on either of them, not a trace of clothing to be found.
Tony’s body practically melts into Steve’s and he releases a content sigh of approval as he snuggles closer. “Mhm. FRIDAY has to run some simulations so I can’t do anything down there for the next few hours.” Tony cocks his head towards Steve and purses his lips, asking for a kiss that Steve happily returns. He smiles against Steve’s lips to murmur, “But, I can think of a few things we could do right here...”
are the one always urging me to take better care of myself.”
Steve still remembers the first time he noticed the blank stare. They had been at SHIELD headquarters debriefing after their latest mission. Fury was ranting about Natasha's widow bites, questioning why her taser disks had failed to activate, and Tony was feeding a huge helping of his signature eye roll. It was so normal, just like every other debriefing, that the sudden halt in conversation was jarring. Tony was midway through his technical explanation of how the widow bites operated when he just froze. His mouth opened and closed but no words came out, and his eyes looked glazed over and blank as if he had just clocked out. When he seemed to reawaken, Steve noticed confusion take over Tony's features before his eyes rapidly darted around the room landing on Steve, who could tell his husband was panicking. Almost as soon as the moment had begun though, it was over. Tony finished his spiel right where he had left off and with his usual witty charm like he hadn’t just glitched out moments earlier.
Steve has always known that Tony would kill him.
It’s finally fall in New York and Steve couldn’t be happier. Fall is by far his favorite season because the weather is just right - not enough chill to remind him of the cold and not overly hot for his always overheated body. Plus he enjoys the sunsets that cascade over the skyline of New York, painting it in breathtaking orange and pink hues that he loves to capture in his art.
She had not taught him ‘home’ either.
The tearful reunion lasted about ten minutes, a heartbroken Bucky hearing about Steve losing his memory and living without human contact for so many years. Steve sped through that part, focusing more attention on telling Bucky about finding Toni in the jungle. After that, the boys found their rhythm, ribbing each other and laughing about old friends and memories.
But he refused to give it a direct line to Toni.
“Am I to take it… If I can open a line to SHIELD or some other government nearby tomorrow… you would come with me?” she finally asked the question that ha been haunting her for days.
“Six.” She shot back, standing up to walk out of the lab with him.
Her hand was scant inches away from the arm of her suit. If she could pick up the arm, aim it and hit the flare trigger, she was sure it would buy her time. Could she move slow enough to not provoke the leopard to attack? Should she move fast and
It screeched, reeling back in surprise which gave the wild man the advantage, quickly twisting his arms around the beasts’ neck hard, followed by a quick, brutal snap.
“Toni… Toni… wet, tight…” he murmured against her chest.
Toni was taken aback by the earnest declaration. What does someone say when an ex-SHIELD, wild jungle man tells you he loves you after you just had sex in his treehouse?
perfect. I knew it.” She said, her head lolling on her shoulders.
“This is Shuri, sister of King T’Challa. I heard you could use some directions?”
“Holy shit!” Toni wheezed, clutching tighter to Cap and immeasurably grateful once again that he was here. He launched them up the trunk of the tree, leveraging the vines to carry them quickly away from the territorial beast.
He guided her up the branch where she found a surprisingly well-formed platform, almost like a cubby house. It was built around the natural curves of the tree, thick branches and tightly woven leaves making it seem cozy.
Across the field he could see Thanos fighting Thor, the stones glowing brightly on the gantlet as he shook off the lightning Thor was driving through him. He launched himself across the field to help Thor, but he was too far away.
He knew in his bones he was making the right decision to stay by her side.
Toni seemed equally shocked. She opened her mouth, presumably to ask about it, before she reconsidered.
He once again handled her with incredible gentleness, allowing her to wrap her hands around his neck as he cradled her back and under her thighs to lift her off the ground. He inhaled deeply.
that he could not tear his eyes away from her exposed body caused his cock to harden to full attention, even as he blushed and averted his gaze.
“Perfect Tesoro, you feel so good… so good. Perfect inside me…” she whispered.
The more the mystery of this man unfolded, the more complex it grew. And it seemed like he remembered more about being a man, of his origins, than either of them gave him credit for.
Shuri laughed. “Your molecular mass will not be altered.” She promised.
“God, you… You could tempt a saint. How am I, of all people, supposed to resist you?” she asked against his lips.
Cap’s finger followed hers, brushing over her to feel the wetness there.
He did not release her hands as she stepped forward, drawing her close to him with those deep blue eyes still piercing her soul.
Toni was a very confusing woman, even when she was not speaking. But he longed to find out more about her.
She laid her hands over his, encouraging him to feel their weight, squeeze them slightly and use his thumbs to brush over her nipples. He licked his lips, entranced by the way they filled his palms and the feeling of her nipples responding to his touch.
“Hey big guy, it’s ok. I should be the one saying sorry, I shouldn’t have pushed you the way I did. I understand there are probably a lot of painful memories here and I rubbed your face in them.” She said, running a soothing hand up and down his back.
Not that it was
“Important. Not safe.” He finished.
“Cap, I know it’s a lot, but this is who you are. Cap probably isn’t even your name – you were probably a captain. Don’t you want to know who you are? Where you come from? We can find out, I can get you answers-“
He nodded, his hands stroking up and down her back.
He picked a beautiful spot, one with a large area of flat rocks he used to lay on, warmed as they were by the afternoon sun but still surrounded by the cool, fresh water.
Her eyes caught movement in the leaves in front of her.
“He’s a charming guy.” Toni commented as she stripped off her clothes, getting ready for bed.
“Maybe…” she said, looking apprehensively over at the case she had told him to not, under any circumstances, open.
They had lost.
“…are you saying that you feel
Well, he had proven that before they had even met.
Toni did not think anyone had ever felt that way about her.
Without even having to ask, he moved one hand from her hip to her clit to rub quickly.
He still felt phantom wisps of the gut-wrenching fear he had felt when he heard the snap and soft breathing of the leopard as it prowled towards Toni. He should have noticed it earlier, but he had been so distracted watching her that he had not been as vigilant as he should have been. He had descended on the clearing as fast as he could, but it was not fast enough to spare Toni any injury.
“Lips.” He whispered back to her. She did not need to look down again to see the response he was having to her game. It was the one body part she had reluctantly missed on her mapping.
“There’s nothing that will kill me in the water, right? God even if there is, it’s worth it.” She said. She grabbed the material that covered her chest and slipped it off over her head, along with the pants she wore. He gulped nervously as he watched. She still wore form-fitting pieces of material covering her crotch and her breasts – as much as he was dying to see what was under them, he was quick to admit to himself that she looked incredibly appealing standing there almost naked. Her curves looked so soft that he ached to reach out and feel them. He had lifted her and brushed against her all day, but to do so without the light barrier of material between them seemed so very different.
Pain thundered through his body like a terrible electric shock. He turned his head with great effort to look at Toni. She looked anguished, both in pain and distraught at seeing him there with her.
“Miss? Can you hear me?”
Not that it mattered now.
Captain Steven Rogers gripped the plane’s controls tightly when they threatened to twist out of his control.
Just perfect.
“I swear to God, if you swing me through the trees again, I will not be held accountable for the mess I make of us both.” But she climbed on to him nonetheless. His skin was warm where it pressed against her arms and chest, and she wondered if he had whipped himself up some organic, rainforest Old Spice, because a man that lived like this had no business smelling as good as he did.
**************************************
“Only need you.” He said.
“Why don’t you come up here and let me do that?” she asked, tugging on his shoulders. But it was too late. He was groaning out his release, panting in her lap with his spare hand still clutching her hip.
The kissing was… wow.
He pulled on the controls, but they did not respond.
“Thanks Toni… I… Stevie, man… it’s so good to see you.” Just like that, they both moved forward to embrace each other, neither caring that a tear or two escaped.
Toni let out a rather unappealing squeal as Cap launched them through the air, loping from one vine to another with one arm and seemingly no effort.
He groaned at the sensation, his eyes closing and mouth halting for a moment before he returned to flicking her clit with his tongue.
“The operative’s identity was classified as ‘need to know’. I suspect a history of experimentation will be found with more digging. He was a captain, name of Steven Grant Rogers.”
He looked imploringly around before he met a pair of dark eyes.
“Come inside me baby…” she said, grabbing his ass to urge him deep into her.
She sat back, rolling her shoulders in an exaggerated movement, a popping sound coming from her joints after being bent over the suit for so long.
“Always a charmer that one,” she shot at Cap before turning back to Jarvis. “Patch ‘em through J.”
“More than you can imagine, really. I guess, I could come even if your teeth are okay.. Does that count as a date?”
“So, as friends, we aren’t allowed to do anything we did?” Steve asked.
“Going somewhere?”, Tony asked, his gun aimed towards them.
Tony was still panting when he felt the man beneath him jerking forward, following his example, and Tony fell with him, still holding on him with his hands on the man’s side, not pulling out just yet. He was exhausted by the journey from earlier, but this had pleased him as much as it had tired him, which was all he needed.
“You could say that...”
The sound of sirens was heard in the back, and more noises were coming in from the main entrance. Steve turned towards Tony, asking for an explanation.
“Sir, he probably won’t-”
Steve glanced over his shoulder, the tunic still gathered around his waist. He saw no harm in bathing in front of someone who was also a son of a god; surely they would have the same morals and same sense of purity as his own.
“You might not be considered a threat, but you better stop pretending to be hero, Stark”, he added coldly.
Steve did his best to curl his body around Tony's. “I wish I could do more.”
“No, it wasn’t,” Steve clarified, his long blonde hair flying back as the chariot moved quickly.
Loving Steve Rogers was hard, but Tony loved it. He loved every second of it despite the level of difficulty. He simply adored the one man who he needed in his life. Nobody else could understand, but he was fine with it. Steve knew, he knew that Tony was there because he wanted to. Tony didn’t wait to hear those three words back, he knew that for Steve to do all this, there must have been a reason, a really good one as well. He wouldn’t go playing with his heart like others did, he was there because of something.. And despite everything, something kept him there. Even if it wasn’t love just like Tony’s case, it was something strong, and that was more than enough for Tony.
“You can’t possibly mean that, come on, Tony”, Stane said, giving him a nudge on the shoulder. “Think of all the profit, come on! How do you think that your father would feel if you let a chance to expand the company like that was missed?”
“It’s just.. this is so strange, in a good way, of course. I wouldn’t expect that there would be a day where I would walk again, not just walk, fly, and sit in Tony Stark’s penthouse eating pizza with him”
“Colonel Phillips, do you read? Package is on board, but the controls are shot. Navigation is gone. Radar is gone. Location unknown, all I see is water. I don’t think I’ll make it to land. I- I’m going to have to put it in the water.” He spoke firmly, a tremor only entering his voice at the end.
she thought dazedly. But surely she had not been this sensual? And she definitely had not maintained this heavy eye contact while she touched him.
Toni’s confusion increased. She suspected that cartography, even as crude as this, was not something a man born and raised in the wild might take up.
“This is not fucking working!” she spat, looking more defeated than he had seen her before.
Toni took a deep breath. If she had done this right, flicking this switch right here should option up a comms channel. She could be speaking to Jarvis in moments and if she could speak to Jarvis, then he could send rescue.
“Do you remember much? Before the quinjet went down I mean?” she pressed.
She deserved a life outside of her heroics, whether that was with him or Jarvis and her inventions, with Stark Industries or travelling around the world.
**********************************************
His heart fluttered and his palms felt clammy.
“Hey, hey shhhhh…” Steve said, immediately pulling Toni into his embrace.
He ran for a while, trying to outrun the memories assaulting his senses.
He was sitting with Sister as she groomed her new son, a fluffy little bundle only weeks old, when he heard the sound like gun fire and subsequent crash.
“Wait. You know I love your mouth baby, but I want your cock first. I want to fuck you properly.”
“Yes! Yes, please… I… please…” he said. He trembled slightly above her, his excitement tangible – certainly it was clear from the leaking tip of his cock.
He was also ever vigilant, tensing at every twig snapping. Nothing bigger than a monkey came anywhere close to them the entire day. Still he stuck close to her, as though being almost pressed against her would allow him to act quick enough in the case of danger. He worried at first that she would find it annoying, would push him away, but she did not. It made him smile and press ever closer.
But she could not stop. The drones were made of stealth gear and had resisted their efforts to track them thus far. The only feasible strategy was good old-fashioned line of sight.
She was met with silence.
He watched her worriedly.
Cap had behaved himself while she worked on the suit, the charge of the battery going a lot slower than she liked. But when he stopped her for lunch, he ran a hand down her side, eyes twinkling as they asked for permission.
Cap started with a couple of short thrusts, withdrawing only a couple of inches before pressing forward again. She spoke a mixed of encouragement and dirty words to him as he picked up his rhythm, this powerful thrusts now making her slide on her back.
“I’m not surprised, not exactly clear line of sight for the satellites. While you’re at it, cross reference missing or downed quinjets in the African jungle. That’s where I’m calling you from, might help narrow down the radius.”
He had thought he would never meet another of his species.
Steve frowned in confusion.
“No, I
Probably. Would probably set him straight.
Toni was melting. She was not going to be able to fix the suit if the parts kept slipping out of her stupid, sweaty fingers. She was worse than Butterfingers.
He fell to his knees in time to catch Toni’s unconscious form. He frantically felt for a pulse.
his mind and before he could even hope to respond, he was coming.
He set off, knowing he needed water and to find someone… else. To find another living creature. It was important, he thought, that he was not alone.
“Oh, no. No this is not a damsel situation. I need to stay with the suit. Stay. With suit.” She gestured at the suit laying prone next to her.
He followed her lead, opening his mouth to let her tongue playfully stroke against his and draw him out. He mirrored her movements, Toni making soft, pleased noises when he did something particularly right which energised him and made his groin throb.
Impossible. He was spotless.
*************************************
***************************************
He launched them into the trees as smoothly as he could manage, lopping through the vines at a leisurely pace (for him). He grew more and more edgy the closer they got, but this was for Toni. He pressed on.
“What…” Toni was shocked speechless, which may have been a first.
“I don’t have anything I need. How am I supposed to make this work without parts? I can’t MacGyver goddam jungle flora in to suit components!” She continued, her breathing picking up as she ran an anxious hand over her chest as though it were aching.
Pepper looked radiant, and Happy looked like he thought he was the luckiest man in the world. He certainly was lucky, but not as lucky as Steve.
His face immediately broke in to a bright, sincere smile, as though she had awarded him a prize far greater than bearing her weight on a walk through their humid surrounds.
Then with a quick glance to her face, he tugged himself out of the material that covered his erection and began to stroke himself roughly. He helplessly buried his head in her lap again, inhaling hungrily and growling low in his chest.
“Cap… Cap…” he heard a phantom voice say in his head.
This was it.
He matched her energy, picking her up again to wrap her legs around his waist so he could lower them both to the floor.
Toni parted her legs fully, dipping a hand down to introduce him.
He let out a guttural sigh, moulding his hands to their shape. Still he pressed against her, his forehead resting against hers even as he tried to watch his thumbs brush over her nipples. She held his head in her hands and gently urged it down.
“A bit harder. Harder.” She repeated the word, reaching over to press down on his thumbs to dig into her muscles.
Again, his thoughts strayed to the faces that were coming back to him. He felt a sudden swell of protectiveness and affection go through him when a sharp image of the dark-haired man in a crisp, green uniform surfaced.
“Ok.” She said softly, not quite trusting herself to say anything else.
Bucky stepped out.
The Guardians stepped forward, the ones that had introduced themselves as Gamora, Nebula and Drax days ago when they had first landed on Earth to warn them Thanos was coming. Each drew a blade.
Toni grinned at him. “Oh baby, right back at you. I’m going to spoil you so bad you’re never gonna want to leave me.”
She let him have a second, but then demandingly nipped his bottom lip, drawing him back to into a kiss. She really should let him catch his breath, but his lips were so soft and he responded so sweetly…
He still moved slowly, bending over her injured leg to look closer at the scratches. He continued to scoot forward until he looked two seconds away from actually straddling her. He glanced at her for permission once more before he actually touched her. When she nodded, he cradled her calf so gently, his warm calloused hand lifting her leg slightly.
The comforting warmth of his family was soothing, but it did not fill the gap he felt inside himself.
“Jarvis buddy, you still got me?” she asked, nervous for the response.
Man, he was going to kill her with these heartfelt assertions.
Steve laughed again. She had never seen him laugh as much as he did tonight, a weight lifted off his shoulders that his old life would not be obtainable.
innocent. She saw the heat in his eyes when he looked at her sometimes, and there was no mistaking his reaction to her earlier in the water.
The adrenalin of their close call had mostly faded by the time they sat in Cap’s shelter, finishing their dinner of yet more fruit. Toni guessed that Cap usually ate more protein than this, observing his muscles, but he had not parted himself from her long enough to hunt or forage for anything more complex.
He leapt to his feet instinctively, tuning his senses to the sounds so he could track it through the jungle.
Toni considered.
There. It was there.
There was a crash path through the branches where the things had fallen from the sky. They lay on their backs on the ground below, unmoving.
His made another soft, low noise, gesturing to her leg and asking once again to pick her up.
Toni felt a lump in her throat. Maybe his steadfast dedication would not last once he was back in the real world with options, or even last his full memories returning. But for now, it was incredibly moving for a man as special as Cap to be so devoted to her.
Toni froze, her brilliant mind racing through her options.
She kept talking to him as he washed away the blood from her leg and showed her the plant before he squeezed and wrung it out. He dropped the resulting liquid over her wound, wincing slightly as she did. It was needed to avoid infection, but he did not like being the cause of her pain.
His head dipped forward, his tongue peeking out to taste her.
Steve was standing next to her in his loose fitting sleep pants and shirt.
“Toni!” he gasped, his cock jumped at the sensation of lips and teeth on his skin.
Steve had cut his hair and shaved his beard, a huge symbolic move for re-joining the world. Toni had seen pictures of him before he went missing (both pre and post serum) and he looked almost the same, maybe 1 or 2 extra years on him. His strong jaw was now on show, and she couldn’t help but nip at it in the corridor, backing him up against the wall. They made out like teenagers for a while, Steve more than happy to indulge Toni’s desires, but then Jarvis spoke.
She knew he was protective of her and had a major crush, probably experiencing all sorts of new romantic and sexual feelings. His adoration was worn on his non-existent sleeve. But the honest sincerity with which he promised her safety – like he was prince charming from a Disney movie, like he would let no harm come to her while he still drew breath…
“Baby is that… do you recognise that name?” Toni asked gently.
Was there anything good? Anything even remotely like Toni in his past?
Thor held on tight, and Steve felt some of the power of the stones running through his own body into Thor’s mighty form. The pain lessened slightly.
“FUCK!
He set off through the canopy of trees, swinging from vines from tree to tree. When he approached the origin of the sound he slowed, creeping carefully across branches to look down at the mess below.
“Hair.” He repeated, tangling his hand in her messy cropped style.
“Stop.” She said abruptly.
“Please.” She whispered.
She was kind.
“Ok Cap, that’s a pretty substantial leap there big guy. Let’s not go making promises while we’re post-coital, our brain chemistry isn’t right.” She said weakly.
there… God baby, perfect… keep going, just like that…
Cap’s hands automatically came up to grip her hips, his cock already half-hard.
This one was real. They had short, dark hair, long pale arms and slim legs covered in a dark material. They were smaller than him, the torso seeming so slight except for the curves encased in tight material on their chest which was strangely… captivating.
She drank from a small container she pulled from her shell then tipped her head back to expose her long neck, pressing the water container against her throat to cool herself.
Toni knew he was a fast learner, but this was remarkable. Every cue, every sigh or nudge was followed eagerly. He applied a fast, off-centre rubbing of his tongue that had her climbing quickly her to peak, alternating with leisurely sucking that seemed to do as much for him as for her.
It was the company she would miss.
He loved his Family, they looked after him and he looked after them.
His heart fluttered as she looked at him now, her face shiny with sweat, a black mark sweeping her forehead and a bright grin stretching across her face.
She had left the case and all the parts behind, where they would return tomorrow with the suit components she needs to get comms up and running.
“What’s going on? Too loud for you?” she asked absently, still working on the chest plate in front of her.
The Family looked at him curiously. He knew that sound meant danger, and he knew it was up to him to protect the Family from it.
He cleared his throat.
Toni moaned loudly. “Yessss, there, Cap…
“And just so you know, I have no intention of stopping looking out for you.” He continued with a hint of cheek.
“Not unless you have a secret lab somewhere full of circuit boards and a power source.” She said, indicating the pile of metal ‘garbage’ she had called it before.
Toni was elbow deep in a suit, AC/DC blaring from the speakers. Shuri had a few pointers she was throwing in, but it was a lot of trial and error to make some of the enhancements work.
“Cap, what’s wrong? Is it… do you have bad memories here? I’m sorry baby, it must have been a rough crash landing…” she said soothingly, running her hands up and down his arms to calm him.
Looks like death had found her even sooner than expected.
“I see. Well if you want to talk about it – I’m not exactly an expert in psychology or the human brain, but I’ve been SHILED adjacent for a while, so… happy to help you out. If I can.” She finished.
She happily splashed the water over herself, moaning at the feel of the cool liquid on her tired body. He watched her helplessly now, the sounds sending clear signals to his cock that something interesting was happing that he had not experienced before but should definitely investigate further.
the right amount of teeth to make her moan and bury her hands in his hair, holding him to her.
“Thank you. I promise, I’ll make sure you have everything you need to get your life back. Or start a new one, whatever you want.” She promised, unable to bring herself to declare her love just yet, but more than willing to spend her considerable money and valuable time getting Cap the life he wanted and everything he deserved.
“Fuck it. We’ll call this educational. Every boy should experience rubbing off against someone and coming in their pants… or loin cloth, whatever is on hand…” she said to him, bringing her other hand down to his backside and encouraging the movement of his hips.
He followed the movements of her body, rolling his hips in likeness. He groaned once more, Toni burying her face in his neck and nipping at the skin there.
“Here – this is my clit. Use your lips, your tongue.” She said, tracing lightly across her clit but still with enough pressure to make herself shiver slightly. He tilted his head in fascination at her reaction, already raising a hand to her pussy.
Cap seemed satisfied they had made a thorough escape, following her pointed finger with his eyes.
Iron Woman slammed into him without warning, wrestling with his raised hand.
Again a static burst came through before a voice cut through.
She wasted no time in reclaiming his lips, running her hands and nails over him slightly more roughly than she usually did. She felt desperate for him, aroused and gagging to get him inside her. She shivered at the thought of how he would react. Toni would not say that sleeping with virgins was a particular kink of hers, but the idea of being Cap’s first, even just his jungle-life-first, was too heady to pass up.
Cap took a moment to answer.
Cap smiled. “Keep you safe.” He stroked her cheek tenderly, smiling at her with such a soft, fond expression.
She immediately dismissed the option of running for it. She was no slouch on the track (Happy would not let her be), but there was no way she was making it more than a few paces before this beast was on her.
“What… you are flawless. Literally. There’s no way living out here that-” She started to say to him, confused. She met his eyes and was abruptly cut off, pulled out of her curiosity when she saw his lust-filled gaze. She could not help but shiver at the intense look he gave her.
“Cap… Cap… hear…” came the last crackles from the radio before it too was lost.
“Parts. Toni come.” His voice sounded weak to his ears.
Was he expecting people to be there? He thought yes, maybe. Maybe a man with dark hair…
“It’s ok. You’ve got a bit of catching up to do, but you have time. Probably a lot of time, given how little you’ve aged…” she finished with a mumble.
“Cap! You’re back. Shit, I’ve never seen you panting before, did you do a lap of the continent-“
When you were Iron Woman, number one target for terrorists, super villains and all sorts of baddies, you learned to bounce back from potentially traumatic incidents pretty quickly. She reclined against one of the pillars and observed Cap with a smile, putting the murderous ape incident behind her.
He looked as confused as Steve felt.
“Do you want my mouth?” she asked him seductively.
How did she handle this? How did she
There was definitely something to be said for having someone so dedicated to your pleasure, nothing to show off, no ulterior motive, just wanting her to feel
the thought came to him. No, not quite.
************************************
Cap was still smiling slightly, seeming amused by her reaction but also hovering close to her to ensure she did not misstep and tumble out of the tree. He held her bicep in what would have been an aggressive and unwelcome way coming from another man, but from him was clearly born of concern and felt tender.
“Perfect.” He echoed aloud, enjoying the smile that lit up her beautiful face.
And Toni had said ‘get back to the world’.
“Everything I need. Now I need you. Need you inside me baby. Are you gonna give me what I want? What I need?” she asked.
“Toni! This can wait. You skipped dinner, you need to eat something then come to bed.” Steve said crossly.
Steve took a shaking breath. He was so afraid.
It was only just twilight, and she was far from ready for sleep. She patted the floor in front of her for him to sit, which he did eagerly and immediately.
Then he let go of her legs, wrapped an arm tight around her back and took a running leap in to the trees.
Cap’s hands tightened around her waist, a low noise sounding before he captured her lips again.
Steve seemed both nervous and excited about the meeting. He had asked Toni to be there, which of course she would. She had scheduled the visit for 5pm, so that if it went poorly they had an excuse for him to go, if it went well Bucky would stay for dinner, or if it went very well Toni could excuse herself to made-up plans and give the men a chance to catch up properly.
“Toni?” he asked gutturally, looking up to meet her eyes. “Please.”
He continued to frown at her as he raised his hands to his chest to point at himself.
“It’s like a perverted version of breakfast in bed. Get to it big guy.” Toni crossed her arms behind her head, confidently presenting her body to Cap.
“Says who?” Tony idly strokes a hand through Peter’s unruly curls while he tries to not think about the future. He already knows he’ll be a blubbering mess when his boy is no longer an actual baby, but a smart, capable adult that doesn’t need his parents. “We could homeschool him,” Tony ponders aloud, even though he knows it’s a ridiculous notion. ”Plus, he has Dum-E, Butterfingers and U to play with. They love him and I could always make more bots. And, he is
He had sat up to comfort Tony, afraid that he had said too much and scared him off. Tony didn’t run though, choosing to stay and straddle him on the couch, attacking his mouth in a bruising kiss instead. It had been all fire and passion – teeth clacking and nips at the other’s lips – that electrified Steve’s whole body. Their clothes had been strewn and thrown haphazardly around the room in their haste to caress every patch of skin they could get their hands on. The feeling of Tony's skin against his own had ignited a primal urge to have his way with Tony, and he had. It had felt like every one of Steve’s senses were dialed to eleven as Tony writhed on his lap, panting and pulsing with every thrust. It was rough and fast and so unlike anything they had done before, fueled by the fire raging within them. Seeing Tony ride out his ecstasy had sent Steve over the edge until they both sat there clinging to each other as they worked to catch their breaths.
While he chooses not to voice that particular want, it doesn’t stop him from imagining it. Instead, he presses himself into Steve’s side and leans fully against him for support. His eyes close as Steve’s hand curls protectively around his hips and Tony can feel the faint kiss placed on his forehead.
Steve is looking at him with such admiration, that Tony finds it impossible to conceal his elation. Steve smiles as he brings his finger to his lips asking Tony to be silent; Tony merely nods and resumes his position, trying to be compliant.
He whines and squirms, wanting to be taken apart, and Steve leans over and whispers, "I've got you, sweetheart." Strong arms surround him in an embrace hauling him nice and close, making a shiver run down Tony's spine, from his head down all the way to his toes.
“Can I help?” he asked earnestly, sensing her stress increasing by the moment.
Toni woke to twittering birds, stray rays of sunlight poking through the trees and a handsome, naked man looking at her adoringly.
But he could not linger much longer.
he heard.
Steve had a lot of content to fill his nightmares, but the smoking, blood-soaked battleground would hold a special place. He had a nasty cut on his arm and what felt like several cracked ribs as well as being covered in bruises. But worst of all, he had lost track of Toni.
“Yes. Always.” He responded immediately, raising their now entwined hands to his lips to kiss her knuckles.
she thought as she once again eyed the muscular form of Cap in front of her.
“I look forward to it. Unless I manage to propose first...” She said warmly back, kissing him softly on the lips before resting her head against his chest.
His calloused hands mirrored hers, warm hand resting on her vulnerable throat, repeating “Neck.”
He felt himself growing hard again but did not press against her. He wanted to keep making her feel good. He rubbed up and down her back, focussing on the spots where she responded loudest.
She was suddenly very grateful to have Steve’s hand in hers – feeling tethered to something was comforting when the Earth no longer had a pull on you.
She had taken heavy fire in the fight, which must have been over an hour ago. The longer she flew without the critical maintenance her suit needed the worse it was going to be. Like driving on a flat tire.
His other hand twitched where it lay awkwardly next to him, his fist clenching as he seemed to struggle to not reach out. To not touch her, not without her invitation.
She froze in response to the tension in his frame. She dared not breathe, the hairs on the back of her neck rising and feeling incredibly vulnerable to be without her suit, caught out literally in her underwear.
He pressed his lips back to hers for a longer time, withdrawing slightly but still leaning into her space.
Then, just as he thought he could not feel worse, his blood turned to ice and his stomach dropped even further with dread.
Toni chuckled. “You’re pretty cute and bashful for a 6 foot 5 specimen of pure muscle that takes down apex predators with his bare hands.”
He found his Family.
He seemed content here, happy. And Toni knew better than most that time in service, that time with SHIELD, was hardly rainbows and sunshine.
His stamina was perfection. Even fucking her for the first time, he was focused entirely on her pleasure.
“Cap… Cap, I’m- I’m coming!” she cried, her channel clenching down on Cap’s pistoning cock, her back arching as she cried out her pleasure. The volume of her moans briefly drowned out the sound of him thrusting inside her soaked pussy. Cap continue to pump into her, his rhythm turning more erratic now. The hand that had been between them thumbing her clit was now beside her as he brought his body down, pressing himself against her for as much skin contact as possible.
Who he had left alone and defenseless in the cabin of the broken down quinjet.
Toni smiled widely. “Was that a proposal Captain?”
Toni froze.
She brushed his hands away where they lingered close to her skin, and he snatched them back. Maybe he had overstepped?
“Are there any other people around here? Like you and me? Others?”
She muttered to herself as she shifted through the wires, stripping back casing, popping up to tap gauges and open another control panel hidden in the left side of the cabin.
“Make sure?” Steve asked, his muscles tensing slightly as Tony trailed his fingers along his pectorals.
“Thanks”, he replied as he took them, following Tony’s directions and heading into the bathroom to change into the dry clothes. He came out a few minutes later, seeing Tony already in his new clothes and with a pizza box in front of him, sitting on the couch.
Tony Stark was gone.
The older man was the one to break the silence.
“Mr. Stark!”, he jumped.
“No, no, just here for a starter”, Tony shook his head.
There was a moment of silence as a couple of names flashed on the screen, a map finally appearing with a pin stating the location.
“Of course we can, we’re having lunch there”, Tony pointed at the first floor of the tower, grabbing Steve’s hand and moving to the elevator.
“I find that hard to believe”, Steve replied, crossing his arms and looking at them again. There was something eerie, almost suspicious about them but he couldn’t tell what exactly.
“If you put it like that...but unlike your childish wishes, this will come true”, Tony said confidently.
“Stark!”, Steve yelled, his head resting on Tony’s chest, but he couldn’t hear anything. His fingers ran across the reactor, looking at Tony with a worried, guilty look on his face. All of the sudden, he felt angry, upset. “
“I don’t believe you, Tony”, Obadiah shook his head as he pushed his way through the two men, only to be grabbed by Steve. “What the hell?!”
“We’ll see about that.”
Steve kissed the top of Tony’s head. “My apologies for all of this, having to deal with the son of virgin goddess must be difficult for you.”
Tony looked at him for a second, realising that they never introduced themselves formally before. “See you soon, Captain”, he nodded, taking the hand into his and shaking it.
Steve lifted his body up to Tony’s hands. His knees felt weak but he had to hold himself up, even though he wasn’t quite sure what he was doing, and Tony guided his every move. His shoulders shifted anxiously, the tension moving from one side to another, but the second Tony trailed his lips down his back, the tension slipped away and he dipped his back slightly, fingers grasping the sheets.
Steve stood too. “Come, I’ll take you,” he said, taking Tony’s hand to lead him to where they kept the horses.
“Where is Tony?!”, Steve asked the last man standing, grabbing his collar and holding him against the wall. “I don’t have time for games”, he made sure to add as he pressured the guard.
“Hey.. we all make mistakes, I don’t think that I would trust myself, to be honest.. But I have an idea of where to go after this. But, I need your help.”
“I do? I thought I knew you, Steve but.. why, how do you know what’s right and what’s wrong? We’re not even halfway there, Steve and you’re ready to give up. Neither of us know how love feels, but if I were to talk I would.. I would say it feels like this”, he replied, gripping his shirt, his hands close to his heart, hitting the arc reactor be accident, a constant reminder that his heart didn’t seem to work like everyone else’s did.
“So you never stopped thinking about me?” Tony smiled, moving closer to Steve's chest. “I’m flattered. And your dream kind of gave it away...”
“Was that sarcasm?” he asked as he turned to look at Steve for a moment. “Just making sure.”
“No, leave it. It builds character”, Steve replied as he got it properly in his hand, weighing it and swaying it around, satisfied with it. “Thank you, Tony”, he nodded softly.
“What, duck?”
Tony focused on kissing Steve’s back, his free hand resting just above Steve’s entrance and approaching it slowly, not wanting to scare Steve.
“Because you’ve earned it,” Tony replied honestly. “You showed me the error of my ways back there, you were right. I shouldn’t practise what was used against me. And I’ll keep that in mind”
Tony didn't move, not wanting to move away. He deeply wished for something more, something that Steve said that he couldn’t give, even though his words contradicted his actions, but Tony couldn’t say that out loud, not when Steve said he wanted to be his friend.
“I am earning their respect by leading Sparta to glorious victories,” Tony replied as he pushed the hair out of his face and sat down as well, strategically away from Steve. “People talk about me and my godly weapons.”
“You better rest, Rogers. It’s going to be a long couple of days.”
Steve nodded, his faith restored in the man whom he thought had broken his heart, and he placed an arm around him. “Not once did I regret falling in love with you, Tony.”
“Then talk to me, let me help”, the billionaire tried to encourage.
“So, you’re taking the left, I’m taking the guys on the right, is that it?”
“I’m more than just skilled, I can safely vouch for the safety of every citizen in this town, Mr. Stark”, Steve replied confidently. “I can reassure you that all of you will be safe under my watchful eye”, he nodded.
Tony rested his head on Steve’s back, smiling dazedly at him, his cheek against Steve's back. “You know, I don’t believe that this was wrong. At all,” he said.
Steve felt better for admitting what he had dreamed. “A sign?” he asked, enjoying the brief kiss and relieved that Tony hadn't been scared away. “Of what?”
Tony’s eyes fluttered, opening his right eye to look at Steve. “Steve..? Are you..?”, he muttered.
“True,” Steve muttered, keeping his eyes shut as he pressed his face against the pillow, his body exhausted.
“And are you telling me that all Athenians follow that rule?” Tony asked. “People are corrupted, but you’re not like them from what I’m seeing. You’re trying to lead them but they are not demigods like us, they are just mortals, and mortals are weak.” He stopped at the fish market and then caught up with Steve.
“You’re so afraid of letting people close to you, and that’s how I feel as well. Not afraid because you’re a coward but because you really don’t know how to act, what to give to them, what your status allows you to do” Tony insisted. “Try to prove me wrong.”
“Together,” he smiled. “I promised, didn’t I?" He fell forward, eyes fluttering as he tried to meet Steve’s own, weak eyes.
“Oh,” Tony said with a hint of surprise. “I’m glad about that.”
“I've been working on this day and night for the last couple of days, trying to find out what happened to them…”, Reed said as he rubbed his shoulder, walking over to the other door and sliding it open with the press of another couple of buttons.
Steve smiled a little and shook his head. “I had come here to prove my own people wrong. That what I had heard about your ruling - that you lead your men to death, that you had no soul and spat fire with your words - I had come to prove them wrong. But it seems that I was the one that was mistaken. I cannot change a person, nor should I attempt to change a perception of one. I should have trusted in my people and their words; they are as knowledgeable as they are renowned to be, I am a fool to have thought otherwise,” he said, turning his back on Tony and heading toward the door.
“Listen to yourself, Athenian!” Tony cried. “There’s enough time to prevent everything from happening; will you stop acting like this? We can save our people, both of us!”
“Was that you making a joke, Sheriff?” Tony asked as he leaned against the door, putting on his hat.
What could they possibly want for him at that point? He was starting to get slightly annoyed, he just wanted to get better on his own without people pitying him or trying to make him do something that he simply wasn’t. The sudden thought of people wanting to study him made his blood boil. He didn’t fight in wars only to lose his legs, retire and become a test subject of some sort.
“He wanted you, not me. But you came here, all the way from Brooklyn to save me..? How even did you-“, Tony was interrupted by the sound of someone coughing, and when both him and Steve turned around, he watched in horror as Stane was pressing the syringe in his arm, the liquid quickly disappearing into his body.
The buildings started to look more familiar, but everything looked so eerie; he couldn’t see any newspaper boys or balls on the street of kids playing, no busy shops or anyone walking at all across the streets; it was just like Tony described Brooklyn to be: abandoned and unaffected by the passing of time. No, it wasn’t a beautiful sight, but then again, seeing his neighbourhood for one more time made him feel strange.
“The old man was hardly doing his job. Got kidnapped, had to pay a big ransom to get free. Would you have been able to do any better?” Tony asked him, scanning his face.
Tony dragged his tongue down the centre of Steve's chest, hands rubbing Steve's waist gently as he breathed heavily against Steve’s skin. “Steve...” he murmured.
“I think I can manage to see past where you were born, Steve," Tony said with a soft chuckle, enjoying how cheerful Steve seemed to be.
“Guys? I can close the gate”, came Natasha’s voice.
“Go ahead, give them a wave”, he said softly.
When Tony tried to mention Steve’s nightmares to him one morning, he only managed to get Steve slightly annoyed as he refused everything.
Tony kept looking up as he ran his tongue over Steve’s stomach, rubbing his head against Steve's skin, his hand reaching lower to rest on Steve's lower stomach. He kept his hand there, fingers playing with the hair, giving Steve time to process what was going on.
“Really? Is that why you’re calling me a boring old man most of the time?”, Steve smirked.
“Belongs to: Anthony Edward Stark”, he read out loud and shook his head, placing the toy back on its shield, picking up one of the comics. Mint condition, he couldn’t even comprehend how much those would cost now. His chest felt heavy as he read more about the adventures of Captain America and Bucky, his trusty sidekick, remembering how the teenager would protest whenever he would see how the tapes portrayed him.
Steve’s eyebrow raised as the suit began to speak, it definitely sounded as though it was coming from the audio processing unit of the suit, which was probably all automated knowing Tony. So that was his suit, his new suit that Tony was eager for him to see. He nodded and trailed his finger lightly but cautiously over the delicate fingers, examining each bend in the metal.
“I think it is about time I educate them in our ways,” Steve said. “We have been waging war for far too long, I do not wish for this feud to last much longer. Perhaps if their knowledge were expanded, then a ceasefire could be reached.”
And there it was, his room, seeming untouched by the passing of time; it seemed that whoever broke into his apartment before didn’t bother looking there, which was a huge relief for Steve. In this very room, in the closet, he kept his most prized belongings, things that he loved, that he would miss more than a few bucks if they were to be stolen.
“No, you’re the one going down, Stane!”, Steve shouted as he hit the ground with his shield, the trembling becoming louder as the floor started to collapse beneath Stane, and before he knew it, he was trying to grab on to anything to keep himself up, his large fingers slipping, his fall following with a loud cry.
Receiving a call from Reed Richards was the last thing that Steve would wish for. The relation between him and the remaining Illuminati was tensed, but he avoided the conflict so far, as Tony’s memory was respected.
And for that moment, Tony didn’t wish for anything else, just to be there, in Steve’s arms, which felt perfect, almost like it was meant to be. Now, he didn’t believe in those tales about fate and destiny, but he could be a real romantic when he least expected it. Some people just had this talent; to make Tony fall for them and just let him be his self around them; from what it seemed, Steve was one of them, if not the one. Yeah, positive, cute thinking, which was exactly what he was used to. Tony snorted at his thoughts and gave Steve a confident smile.
Tony rubbed his head, startled by the blonde’s words. “What do you mean fall in love?” he asked with a growl. “I’m not, I didn’t feel any Cupid's arrows on me," he started to say. Maybe that was why he had starting to feel the sudden adoration for the Athenian.
“Meet me outside in a few minutes”, Tony shouted at him, with Steve nodding and running against the crowd.
He finishing up his food in no time, and drank some water from their flask.
“Honestly? I couldn’t agree more.”
He really had considered giving the Athenian a chance and letting him teach some things, especially after he'd spoken back to him in the other room. After all, Tony secretly desired knowledge – he had a thirst for it, to know of things that were forbidden amongst warrior Spartans whose only primary focus was the war.
“Please. Please bring him back. Do something, father, please!” he yelled, looking at the sky, then down to Steve, leaning to press their foreheads together. “No... No... We’re going together; we’re walking those gates together. Together...” he said, his heart instantly feeling weaker the moment that he removed the one thing that kept him strong.
“As friends?” Steve asked, “Is it possible?”
“I…rurr you..”, the wold growled, ears perking up as he turned to Tony to receive praise.
“More comfortable here than on your bed?” Steve asked, quirking one eyebrow as he took another grape. “From your reputation, it seems you do spend a lot of time in that bed of yours.”
“Very well.. I just came in to say that the first bunch if helicopters are leaving soon, the rest will stay behind to pack away, so if you could come out soon enough, that would be great”, he said as he left the tent, pulling his hood up again.
“About my employee..?”
“I thought you were keen to kill, primal, with even education put aside in favour of fighting,” Steve said, leaning back, “but I have no qualms against being corrected.”
The son of Zeus stood before Steve and looked at him, giving him an inspecting stare. “It is a low day when the son of Athena loses his purity over a ‘mistake,'” he snarled.
“I am not one of your women,” Steve scowled, placing his hand over his chest protectively. He was still flustered, backing off into the corner by the door.
Tony stared at the glass, looking at the scientists straight into their eyes with a victorious smirk.
“Can you do it?” Tony asked him again, heart racing in his chest.
When Tony looked back to those days, he was surprised about how he fell for that guy. Tony Stark didn’t fall for people, no, his emotions were always contained, he pushed back anything that leaded him closer to others. He let go once for Pepper and things didn’t end up well, so why did he even consider giving Steve a chance? It just didn’t seem right, Steve was his complete opposite. But Tony knew basic science, the laws of attraction seemed to be proven right when it came to him and Steve. Well, at least from his perspective.
“In that case, we both need to thank this little thing," Tony smiled as he tapped on the medallion, looking up to Steve again to see how calm and relaxed his expression was.
“We need him.”, Reed finally said, looking at Tony behind the glass, who seemed so silent and holding himself back. “If Kang attacks us, we still need Iron Man. He might not be Tony, but he’s… a Tony. And I’m sure that I can work with him-“
Tony shrugged as they walked through a number of automatic doors, nearly bumping into Steve when he stopped walking. “I need you to…stay calm. It will be shocking… trust me…”, he warned him, eyeing the smaller man and handing him a jacket. “The temperature is really low in there, so you might as well as keep yourself warm…”
Reed nodded slowly, turning his eyes on the screen again, but not before noticing that Tony eyed Steve when he had his back turned to him. He seemed to know who Steve was, but he couldn't identify what their relationship was; they could be mortal enemies for all he knew.
After a good twenty minutes, he pressed on the button again, stepping outside, dripping wet and wrapping the towel around him, inspecting himself at the mirror once he cleared it from the steam. He realised that he haven’t seen his reflection ever since he woke up, and the fact that he looked untouched by the passing of time made him feel on the stomach. What if his old friends were still alive, looking so old in their beds and he showed up, his strong posture just looking like it came out of those Captain America tapes? That would distance him from them even more, he thought to himself as he rubbed his chin, looking for any facial hair that needed trimming, but finding nothing. Pushing back his blonde mane, he turned away from the reflection on the mirror, putting on the clean change of clothes and heading back to the bedroom he was staying in, not bumping into Tony this time around.
Their communication dropped as soon as he passed through the other side and everyone’s eyes were set on the sky, the huge explosion visible, and the aliens dropping to the ground lifeless. There was no sign of Tony, none at all.
“I don’t want to say anything right now”, Steve replied without waiting for Tony to finish his request.
Steve fought the men, trying to push them back, trying to defend his land. His silver and blue armour sparkled in the red sun that gleamed over them and, as he ran forward, he stopped in his tracks. He spotted Tony amongst the men, the golden and red armour shimmering ever so brightly, stained with blood splatters from the battle. He should have done it, he should’ve charged forward just as he did when they had first met, but he couldn’t. His body felt numb and his heartache returned with a vengeance.
And there he was now, looking outside the window of Tony’s private jet, asking him to point out the different monuments as they were left the quiet clouds and started their landing in the French capital. He was restless, talking way more than usual and Tony had to cover his ears with his headphones, blasting off music so he could get some hours of sleep. The meeting was going to last a day, but Tony had managed to get the approval from Pepper to relax and visit Paris with Steve on their own for a couple of days.
“Yeah”, he heard Tony saying to someone over the phone. “Some extra clothes and that pizza that I mentioned, asap”
Tony watched him carefully as he took off the shirt, never really getting enough of the built body, his hard abs sticking out as he moved his arms around, staying still, praising himself for this plan that seemed to work well so far; at least Steve was almost out of his clothes.
Meanwhile, Tony was out in the wild, not caring that the cold of the night would bring out predators; he would give anything to keep his mind busy, to keep him thinking of anything but the way they had held each other just a few hours ago, and the sadness in Steve's eyes later.
It was time to look a bit more presentable, changing his white workout vest for his white US Army shirt, completed with the golden eagle detailing at the front and on the sleeves. His dog tags hung out around his neck and he chose to wear his dark blue jeans instead of his usual beige ones. Since Tony wasn’t around he didn’t have to look completely polished, so jeans were his pant of choice that day. He slipped his red sneakers on and headed down to Tony’s lab, standing by the door and going through the regular iris check before the doors would open.
“Because you’re my friend" Tony repeated. “And I care about your well-being. I can’t kill you, nor do I want to. You showed me things and you and you kissed me, and now you’re in my bed. I don’t want to lose that.”
“Peggy..”, he whispered, trying to keep his voice from breaking, placing the bouquet of flowers down and standing there, hands in his pocket all clenched up, facing the ground. “I’m.. I’m so sorry, Peggy..”, he repeated over and over again.
“Steve! Steve!”
Steve didn’t buy it at first. He was a hard man to convince, but the thought of leaving that depressing hospital and going back outside, right into the battlefield where he felt that he belonged was way too tempting. But it all seemed to come with a steep price, of being part of an experiment that he was just finding out about. Then again, if someone like Tony Stark was involved, it could be more complicated, regardless of how simple those scientists made it out to be. Experiments, metallic body parts, super soldiers.. it all sounded like a sci fi scenario, a daunting one as well.
It wasn’t until Bruce started to talk, getting even angrier, only interrupted by Fury’s warning to leave Loki’s sceptre down. They were all silent for a moment, confused, and the loud explosion threw everybody on the ground.
Steve stayed silent, the card still between his fingers. He could see how hurt Tony was, maybe he could still feel something after all, and he might have been harsh to him. Thinking like the way he knew, he followed him, only to find him at the same spot that Coulson’s body was a few moments ago, the blood still visible on the wall. A soldier who lost a comrade in battle needed comfort, and as a Captain he needed to provide him with that.
“Not the best, but getting there,” Steve said, finishing his food quite quickly.
Steve wanted to interfere and say that in fact, he did look like the bad guy, but stayed quiet.
The second child was named Antonius (Anthony, once more the modern term), a boy raised according to the Spartan law, following every step of the Spartan education, and joining the army when he came of age.
“Tony! Is something wrong?”, he asked, internally thankful for Tony coming to talk to him, glad to be out of the room. The adjustment was slow but gradual, he was starting to feel better once Tony showed him how to work the tv and how to watch different movies and shows. At first, Steve seemed to be sad that ‘they couldn’t go to the pictures anymore’, but he was soon hooked on pretty much everything Tony showed him.
“Of course,” Steve said. “I’ve always wanted to, but with you, I feel as though you understand me.”
Tony blinked at his question, not really sure how to reply, or what they'd even agreed to do in the end. “We can try?” he replied.
Steve smiled at him, placing a soft, gentle kiss on his lips, before pulling away, looking at him with so much adoration gleaming from his bright blue eyes.
“Everything happened in its own pace, Steve.. I loved that.. and whatever brought us two together..”, Tony said as he let out a soft huff to the feeling of the man’s hands.
“There was an idea. Stark knows that”, he told them, Tony sighed and kept his eyes away from them, even though he could feel them both looking at his back. Fury called them remarkable, clarified how they needed them to come together, work together and overcome great obstacles. He couldn’t bear this, no. He stood up, staying still as if he wanted to say something, before leaving the room.
Steve merely followed the older man; he learnt by now that he was way too passionate about certain things, and after his little adventure, discovering the room dedicated to his alter ego, he was convinced that Tony was truly fascinated by him. It felt nice, knowing that after all those years someone really believed in him and what he was standing for was an honour. “What are you..? I thought nothing worked in here..”, he asked in confusion, observing Tony pulling the machine apart and frowning.
“My point,” he said in a lower voice, “was that I’m not sure if my people are ready to accept such a change."
“Earth 199999. That’s where he came from.”
Every hit counted, and soon they managed to push him closer to the gapping portal. “What about now?!”, Steve asked Reed.
Wheeling with a bit of difficulty through the muddy ground, he reached the large, iron door and waited for the scientists to push it open. To his surprise, a previously hidden panel appeared on the side of the entrance, and he felt that he was being scanned (which was most likely happening).
“Dimension travel, that’s a thing apparently. Earth 616, we might want to write that down. I've met… another you. He was a bit taller and more built…”
“Do you think those are insults?” Tony replied calmly, being the more civilized out of both of them for a change. “I can do much better if I want to, but I said that I’m your friend; I know better than to insult you.”
“Perhaps, if you’re lucky,” Steve said, taking Tony out and sitting outside on top of the large hill.
There was no way that Steve of all people would get along with him, not with his poor history and humble attitude. Still, he was ordered to see him at his saloon the moment he set foot in town, and did as requested. The other man was blabbering a lot, and Steve liked his silent environment. But he wasn’t aggressive either, he was polite and civil and there he was now, the day after, waiting on him.
“You worry too much, old man”, Tony huffed, a confident smile spread across his face.
“What? No.. I mean.. maybe? I don’t know if it counts as a confession, I guess I can..”, Tony mumbled, mostly thinking out to himself. He was a man of logic and yet, at that very moment, he was ready to do something so spontaneous, surprising himself.
“Very well, Athenian. I offered you a chance, “he replied with a scoff, stepping at the side, “a chance to learn from us and our culture, and I thought that you with all your hunger for knowledge would appreciate it. If you don’t wish for it, then be on your way."
“So you did nothing more but sleep?” Steve asked, tilting his head.
Tony rushed closeby, and he could have sworn that his hands were actually shaking when he picked up the shiny shield, all wet now, examining it carefully, admiring the material that was used for its creation.
“I enjoyed walking in your city so far, Athenian, you should know that,” Tony said as he met Steve's eyes, cheeks growing warm at Steve's touch. “And your company is what keeps me here the most.”
“So do you want me to show you more?” Tony asked, pushing up to support himself on one arm. “You can always say no if you don’t like it.”
“Their hero is not back”, the man interrupted him. “I’m Steve Rogers, not Captain America”, he added, taking off his torn cowl and taking the change of clothes that was found on one of the chairs. “70 years have passed, I doubt anyone remembers or needs a hero now, and even if they do, they can get a modern, brand new model”
“It’s Christmas Eve tomorrow, we need something more..special. I think I pretty much got it, why don’t you let me handle tomorrow’s one?”
“I’ll be watching out for you then," Tony nodded as he stood up as well. “Ready to hit the road again?”
