"Come on, Mycroft—" John began.
"It's a lot more efficient that way. Especially since if I'd gone home to get the crutches, I wouldn't have been here in time."
"Oh, they told you about me?" Her voice changed, got happier than it had been.
"No. I'll take some coffee, though."
"'Go lie upside down in the corner?' That's not a command I suspect most dog trainers use."
"No, not yet."
Sherlock scowled and proceeded to make himself coffee without offering any to Mycroft or Anthea, given that they both had cups already and hadn't made any for him. He drank it while standing at the table where he usually did his chemistry, wondering what he could do to get them to leave. Unfortunately, Mycroft was too accustomed to Sherlock's usual behaviour to be frightened away easily. Maybe once John got home, they could lock themselves in the bedroom and make enough noise to chase them away. Sherlock picked up his phone and texted John.
"It was my idea," Rosie said. "Sherlock wanted to send them in the mail."
"You have to."
Sherlock finally stopped pacing and came over to sit next to her on the sofa. "What you're thinking about right now is not going to happen, Rosie. The three of us will always be here together. We just need to talk about some other family issues."
“Nope. Try again!” The voice that came through the phone crawled along Sherlock’s skin, turning him instantly cold. After a moment’s hesitation, he hit the speaker button so Mycroft and the others could hear.
"Hmm?" John stepped closer and Sherlock didn't object when he put a hand on his arm again.
"She's sound asleep," Sherlock said, when he returned. "Mummy says Mycroft stopped sleeping and started crying constantly at around three weeks, but that Eurus and I were never a problem until we reached our first birthday. I'm not sure how much of that is true. She got pregnant again only a few months after I was born, and it's bound to have affected her memory."
"You can't have a baby in prison," Sherlock said. "Well, I suppose you could, but it wouldn't be ideal. But she came here to give birth, instead."
"We'll want to buy her some new clothes," Mrs. Hudson added.
Sherlock moaned, but not loudly, and the sound was further muffled by the fact that John's mouth was over his at the time. Still, John pulled back from the kiss, letting go of Sherlock's hair. "You have to be quiet, remember."
Rosie looked away with a sigh. They were always doing stuff like that in front of her. She didn't mind that they loved each other, but they didn't have to show it off all the time when other people were around. None of her friends' parents did that.
"Pwize!" Rosie shouted. She dropped Mr. Bear and took off towards the stairs.
John seemed to understand, though. "Hey, it's all right. Give yourself a break. It's natural to feel a little emotional after you've just tried to save someone's life."
He was outside on the pavement before he had second thoughts. He knew better. He shouldn't leave Sherlock alone. Even though he didn't think he would get high while he was gone, he owed it to him to stay at his side. Someone needed to pick up Rosie, yes, but Molly would do that for him—and for Sherlock. They'd both done everything they could to help him get clean after the Culverton Smith case, and she would understand what John needed to do now.
He didn't know what Eurus was going to do, and if she showed up again at the flat, he would gladly phone Mycroft to have her taken back to Sherrinford. But he was glad that she had been here, and that she had left Eve behind. He wasn't going to live in fear of her return; he wasn't going to think about her at all. He was going to live his life, and be the best father he could be to Rosie and to Eve, with Sherlock at his side.
Sherlock was talking as he walked through the door. "Wiggins got the nappies and everything else I asked for, plus a balloon bouquet, which I'm not exactly sure is Eurus's style, but I didn't want to disappoint him. Did you know he has a teenaged son?" He stepped into John's view, his arms full of carrier bags as well as a trio of helium-filled foil balloons. "He says he hasn't seen him in years, but he was there when—John?"
John settled himself on his side and reached for Sherlock's hand. "Look, I'm not going to say it isn't complicated. I mean, I know personally and as a doctor, mental health is never really simple. We just have to do the best we can."
"In case you really needed to get high."
"Are you sure you're not describing yourself?"
The autopsies didn't reveal much that Sherlock hadn't already known, but they did help make the day go by quickly. He left the hospital around the time he expected John to get home, but when he got there, John wasn't back yet. Not unusual, given that he often stayed late at the clinic, but Stone wasn't happy about having been left alone all day, so Sherlock clipped his lead on and took him across the street to the park. They lingered for longer than Sherlock wanted—Stone was used to being walked by John, who tended to spoil him by talking to other people while Stone got to sniff and play with their dogs.
"All right." John let go of his hand and poked at his upper arm with one finger. "Can I get a kiss goodnight at least?"
John shrugged. "I guess you just don't learn." He picked up his glass of water and took a long sip.
"And what about your co-workers? Do they all have illegal handguns they can keep stashed in their offices like you do?"
“I think he’s going to be out for a while still, which is good, but that means I’m going to have to get him out of the cab myself. I did take his gun off him already, just in case he does wake up. What do you think, Sherlock? Can I drag him out of my cab and get him into that wheelchair of his by myself? Or is he heavier than he looks?”
Sherlock frowned at him. "You really are jealous, aren't you?"
Sherlock waved his hand. "Of course not. Mycroft just likes to overreact in the most dramatic fashion possible."
John blinked at him. Mary had known—she'd mentioned it casually a few times, and he'd never denied it. "How did she tell you? Did she make another DVD or— "
"Sorry, sorry." Sherlock's hands stilled.
"Yes, I imagine so." To be honest, Sherlock didn't know how John had managed to keep himself together since March, going to work each day even as the rest of the world hunkered down at home, trying his best to treat and reassure patients while protecting his own health. It hadn't got any easier, lately—restrictions had lifted since the spring, but he was still putting himself at risk each day, and now there was the added burden of Rosie attending her first year of school. Despite his reputation for not caring, Sherlock had been helping as much as he could—having John and Rosie living back at Baker Street made that possible, and thank God for Molly, who stepped in to mind Rosie after school twice a week.
"You were warned years ago." Sherlock twisted in his lap and dropped his head onto his shoulder.
John pursed his lips but didn't bother protesting. He stalked over to the door and grabbed the condom and small bottle of lubricant that sat on the floor, then came back over to hand them to Sherlock.
“Hello, Sherlock! And everyone else who may be watching, hello! Thank you for joining us today on our very first episode of
John nodded. He moved his hands, brushing the first two fingers of his right hand over the ring on his left. "As long as they come with you. You make everything worthwhile."
When Sherlock and John reached Gemma's office, they were greeted by a police car with its lights flashing in the car park, and Sally Donovan in the lobby of the building. She was trying to convince a cleaning lady to unlock the door to the practice where Gemma worked, which had closed for the evening. Sherlock drew a breath, preparing to tell the woman exactly why she needed to open the door right now, but John stopped him with a hand on his arm. "Sally's got it, just give her a minute."
He sang her song to her now, quietly, and gave her a kiss goodnight, surreptitiously checking her temperature with a hand on her forehead because he was certain that she was going to catch what Sherlock had. She felt fine, though, and so he hoped they would be lucky this time.
John stared at him for a moment, then slowly nodded. "All right." In the past, Sherlock had never made it a secret when he was using and John knew he wouldn't endanger Rosie on purpose. But he was still an addict, and John wasn't sure if he'd ever be able to trust him completely when it came to matters of drugs. "But you did have cocaine—what, was it in a plastic bag?—hidden in your wall at a height a crawling baby could easily reach."
Sherlock closed his eyes, letting his shoulders sag. "Mummy and Daddy's house."
The door behind him cracked open enough for Sherlock to stick his head in. "I finished mopping up the kitchen. Are you feeling any better, Rosie?"
"He was here but he, er, left," John said, leaving out the fact that he'd gone because he didn't want to see her.
"Mm, sweetie, careful." John put a hand out toward her, but stopped short of actually touching her. Pointless, since Rosie was already infected, though like most young children her only symptoms were a stuffy nose and mild cough.
The kiss lasted only a few seconds, but they didn't pull away from each other when it ended. Instead, they leaned their foreheads together, arms resting on each other’s shoulders.
"I'd be much better if I were by myself rather than having you standing there staring at my penis."
Sherlock buried his face in the side of John's neck. "I'm sorry," he whispered.
"No, no," John said. "We can sleep in here. There's a recliner and a sofa."
John sighed. "Because. You'll feel better if you're more in tune with your body."
They each took two steps and met in the middle of the room. John slid his arms around Sherlock's waist, pulling him close, then leaned his face against his shoulder, seized by a sudden insecurity. "I hope this isn’t a mistake."
"I don't know," she said. "We brought dinner home, but not enough for everyone...."
"I did tell you, eventually."
"Yes," Sherlock answered. "She likes it, and it's good for her. Prolonged physical contact can promote bonding and help develop the neural pathways that handle emotional and social growth. John, do you still have the carrier sling you and Mary used with Rosie?"
But no, that was John's voice. He swung his head to the left, to the open stairwell door, just as the crack of a gunshot split the air, louder than he had imagined.
"Oh, you're cold? Why didn't you say so?" He reached for her hands again, coaxing them away from her chest, then brought them to his mouth to blow a long raspberry against them.
"You can use it, but can I see it for a second, first?" John lunged past him and grabbed the dildo before Sherlock could reply. Good quality silicone, a base wide enough to be safe, a star on top that seemed unlikely to break off easily. Safe to use, and the branches flared out just the right amount, in John's experienced opinion. Also, it was completely washable, which meant he was going to get to use it next time.
"Yes. Though, maybe not here in this particular location," Sherlock replied, stretching out on his back. He could feel at least three distinct springs digging into various parts of his body. "But what you said the other day about how an orgasm helps me when I'm stuck on a difficult case was right."
"Fun!" Rosie hopped off the bed, landing lightly on her feet, and ran over to her chest of drawers. She pulled open all three drawers and started to use the bottom one as a step before he stopped her, lifting her off with one arm and pulling over the sturdy footstool he'd bought expressly for the purpose of allowing her to reach the top drawer. She let herself be transferred to the footstool without objection, then began to root through the drawer full of socks and underwear. "Gween!" she announced, pulling out a plain white pair of socks and brandishing them in the air.
"Thrilling?"
Sherlock nodded and raised his eyebrows, indicating with a glance that John should take on that task, given that he was busy holding a sleeping child.
"Oh, thank you." She stepped down off the chair with the aid of her bodyguard's arm. "I can make tea for everyone but if anyone wants a decent breakfast, I'll have to pop downstairs. There's nothing appropriate up here, as usual."
"What are you going to do? Just let her take the baby and leave?"
John glanced down at Sherlock's cock—it was starting to stand up amidst the surrounding tangle of dark hair, but there were no bells attached to it, thankfully. He reached out and gave Sherlock one long, firm stroke, then forced himself to look back up at his face again. "Where are the other ones?"
He hadn't realised John didn't have a full memory of what had happened. They'd never talked about it in detail, and he didn't particularly want to have that conversation now. "Let's go home."
"Yep." Sherlock popped the "p" in the word, but more quietly than he normally would.
"Nonsense!" Mr. Holmes said, rising up from his seat on the sofa. He crossed the room and ushered his wife away from the door with a simple wave of his hand. "Your mother and I haven't seen you in ages. Come in, come in. Have you seen the new baby yet?"
"No, just you." Sherlock shuffled Eve into a one-armed hold and pulled his phone from his jacket.
"I'm sure it was deliberate." Sherlock traced one finger along the side of Eve's face. She turned to that side, rooting for her bottle. "I think she had a number of reasons. But mostly, I think she did it because she wants to be part of a family."
"So why aren't you dead?" Sherlock asked. Before John could object to his phrasing, he added, "The first thing Moriarty did when he got out of prison was to start tracking down and killing his former employees. But not you. Why?" She'd obviously been paid by him directly, or Mycroft would have uncovered her ties to Moran Productions, but that didn't explain why Moriarty had let her live this long.
"No, you're just abnormally obsessed. I mean, I'm used to you having random body parts around, but you don't usually get personally attached to them."
"Well." Mycroft folded his hands at his waist. "This is quite the unexpected dilemma, isn't it?"
"You can have some, too!" Rosie ran back into the kitchen and returned a moment later, walking slowly with a platter clasped between her two small hands. A pile of heart-shaped biscuits had been artistically arranged on the platter, clearly the work of Mrs. Hudson.
Snow fell as John walked from the car park to Baker Street after work. He planned to spend the weekend at home with Sherlock and Rosie, not a mask or pair of gloves in sight.
"No, we can't let you do that. Greg's right. We can go to my place. Toby'll be happy to see us."
"I'm sorry sweetie, not today. Maybe we can go for a visit tomorrow."
He got up from the chair and crossed the room to the sofa. John was flat on his back, as he'd said he would be, but that didn't mean there wasn't space for Sherlock to join him. The sofa was almost as wide as the hospital bed they'd shared this morning. He lifted the blanket and carefully fit himself next to John, keeping well below his sore shoulders. John made a sleepy sound of assent as Sherlock pulled the blanket back into place over the two of them. He draped his arm across John's stomach, noted that they both needed to bathe, and closed his eyes to wait for sleep or morning, whichever came first.
"What evidence?"
"Go on," John said, when Sherlock tried to wave him into the row ahead of him. "You can sit next to your brother. I want to be near the end so I can get out and film from up close when it's time for her solo."
"Mm, I think that's Mummy's job now that we're here in her house."
"Hello, John," Sherlock said, voice raspy and thick. "I think I must have closed my eyes and dozed off for a few minutes. When did you get home?"
"Or ever," John muttered, as Sherlock abandoned the eggs and frying pan and headed out of the flat. His instinct was to leave the culinary pursuits to Sherlock, but if he started cooking now, the eggs would be done that much sooner. He cracked two of them into the pan and dumped some milk on top of them. Scrambled, although he was sure Mrs. Holmes had taken more care in their preparation when she'd cooked for young Sherlock and Eurus.
"Sorry, what? Oh. Yeah, no, it's not Sherlock who needs medical care. It's...a friend of his."
Shortly before dawn, he heard Eve crying, the thin, helpless wail of a new-born, but it lasted for only a few moments. Part of him wanted to run downstairs and find out how Eurus had managed to quiet her, but he knew that if Eve had just gone back to sleep, he might disturb her again. After a brief debate with himself, he reached across the bedside table and grabbed his phone so he could send a text to Sherlock. Just a casual inquiry:
As John reached the top of the stairs, Sherlock stepped into view. Thank God. He must have been watching out the window for his arrival.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock asked, when John made no attempt at moving down the stairs. "Do you need help?"
"Come on, Sherlock, don't—" John started to pull away, but Sherlock put both hands on his hips to prevent him from moving, then leaned forward and pressed his face against the small of John's back.
"Sorry, what?" John twisted towards him and raised a hand to his eyes, squinting against the sun where it peeked from behind the clouds. "Yes, I will. You've got a bodyguard stationed there, what more do you want?"
"I—thank you, John. And I'm sorry about the cocaine. I'll do better, I promise."
"Christ, Sherlock. No. You know I hate those things."
"Get out of my flat, Mycroft. Now." To his credit, Sherlock didn't even pause in his rocking of Eve, though his voice had hardened to steel.
"No." Sherlock double-checked the seal on the plastic bag and then slipped it into the inner pocket of his jacket.
"I told her she could use my spare bedroom when I called her this morning," Mrs. Hudson said.
"I'm sorry, John. But if I have to keep worrying about whether you're safe, it's going distract me from catching Moriarty."
Dad's eyebrows went up—Rosie was watching him closely—and then he stepped away from the table to turn on the overhead light, even though it wasn't dark out yet. He came back to the table and leaned his hands on the edge of it, staring down at her drawing. "Rosie this...this is stunning."
His phone beeped with a text. No one texted him this late at night, except for Sherlock, but Sherlock had his own text alert sound, and that wasn't it. At least he knew it wasn't Mary, imaginary or otherwise, texting him. He reached over to pull his phone off the bedside table.
Let Stone hang his head out the window and hope that the sight of the dog would persuade John to come back to them.
For a moment, Sherlock expected John to insist that they go after Moriarty themselves.
"I understand what you're saying, John, but it's complicated. I don't think cutting Eurus off from any sympathetic human contact is the answer. I think perhaps if she hadn't been locked up as a very young child, if she'd instead had access to better mental health care and allowed to maintain some contact with our whole family instead of just Mycroft and Uncle Rudy, she may have ended up with a very different life."
"No." The tip of John's tongue darted out from between his lips, but he didn't otherwise move, just stared at Sherlock, waiting.
They reached the top of the stairs and Mary paused, again letting Sherlock open the door for her. He half-expected Stone to come barking, before he remembered that Stone was off in some secret hiding place along with his parents and Mrs. Hudson.
"And Sally says the officers who went to her flat to check haven't found anything out of the ordinary, either. It was closed up tight, nothing out of place." John shook his head again. "She must be somewhere. Maybe he kidnapped her?"
"No. The opposite, actually."
John took another sip of champagne, watching the families on the beach while he tried to think of a topic of conversation that wouldn’t lead to talking about Rosie. They’d agreed when they booked this holiday that they needed time to be alone together, without worrying about her or anything else from their everyday lives. Sherlock had cleared his calendar of all his cases, and since they’d left London neither of them had mentioned work, but Rosie had been a more difficult subject to avoid. For a moment, John worried that they had become one of those couples who shared nothing in common except for their children, but he knew that wasn’t true. When they were at home, they still had plenty to talk and joke and bicker about that didn’t involve Rosie. But for some reason, they seemed to both be having trouble not thinking about her now that she wasn’t here with them.
"Yes, Rosie's hand-me-downs are bound to have stains on them." Mrs. Holmes stood up and began to gather the tea cups onto the tray. A few minutes later, she and Mrs. Hudson were on their way out of the flat, still chatting excitedly about what they wanted to buy for Eve. John didn't bother giving them the list he had started to make earlier. He suspected Sherlock wouldn't be happy with half of what they bought, but at least it got them out of the flat for a while.
The sudden rise caused Holmes’s slight form to disappear amongst the crowds and John thought he’d lost him. He ducked around the table, keeping his eyes fixed on where he last saw Holmes.
"John, Moriarty would not be so sloppy, no point questioning Lestrade. And stop thinking about the cult case, it's distracting. Now come here and have a look at this note... I want to see what you think of it." Sherlock sighed and waved John over to him. The note... There was something, something he couldn't quite...
, the yard ‘can’t be dealing with stroppy drama queens’, according to ‘
Right, Gregory, just shut up now. Oh bollocks, Sherlock’s now looking, smirking little sod. Great. That's just dandy, caught thinking about their sex life. He hadn't had sex for bloody ages and he finds out his best mate's been shagging his surrogate child for 8 months, what else is he meant to bloody think about! He wished Donovan would just do something now, anything, but she was deciding to be quiet, now of all times, when he needed her to be her usual provocative self. Say something, anything, Lestrade thought desperately, his mind was now going in circles and his paranoia was only growing as Sherlock’s smirk became more pronounced with each second.
Fuck it, john thought, Lestrade knows and Donovan can shove it, for all I care, " I shot a man for you after knowing you for
"Looks like Moriarty pulled out all the stops in the surveillance, hmm?" John cracked, his tone mock bright and addressed to no-one in particular.
be talking about it.”
“John now is not the time for sentiment, we are on a case and I need to focus on this, so stop fawning over me and watch the video, I do not need to remind you of the seriousness of this matter, considering that it is about us, do I? No? Good, and I would appreciate, Lestrade, if you and your… colleague,” he sneered at Donovan as she looked at him indignantly. “Would pay attention also, otherwise there is no point of you even being here. Now stop inflicting your insipid thoughts on me and do whatever you are here to do.”
John could feel that his calm would desert him, as soon as Sherlock had opened his eyes from their scrunched position and he saw that brilliant brain come back on line. He had reacted instinctively, quickly, a medic on the battlefield as shells and IEDs exploded all around him. Now he had time to think, and that in his mind was a bit not good. As Sherlock had hyper ventilated in front of him, John had to see the screen. Was it Moriarty standing over the dead body of one of their few friends? Was it footage of a kidnapping?
“That was the moment you knew, wasn’t it?” John whispers reverently into the air between them, and Sherlock huffs out a long breath as he leans his head against blonde and grey silk.
love him!" Donovan crowed in surprised glee.
if you would be so kind sergeant, I think that's all cleared up, yes?"
You sat me down and you muffled all the static, all the waves. You defy the laws of science John, you’re a brilliant insulator
from sleeping next to me for months, its always easier to deal with when shared with a trusted loved one. I’m just so sorry I couldn’t be there for you that night, that I prevented us from talking further.”
"Sir, I'm not saying I believe that view, but others definitely will when they hear. And when a criminal genius thinks that... Well, others will probably go along with it, even though he's an evil bastard. I may not like him much, but I can tell that Sherlock is serious about this and... I'm just sorry it had to be like this guys, I really am."
” Sherlock let out a gusty sigh but couldn’t help but smile slightly.
” They could see on the monitor Sherlock’s eyes squinting as he tried to work out the relevant title to give himself. John looked to still be hyper alert, however had lowered the gun fully, just as Sherlock lowered his arms.
"John, I... I hate to break it to you but... London's finest? Really?" Sherlock snorted out a laugh as John elbowed him with a grin across his face. "Ouch. I am sorry though. It kills me to see you so hurt, and for me to be the cause of it."
John then turned his head away to look properly at Lestrade, although not after giving Sherlock a sneaky peck on the bottom of his jaw, where he could reach properly. He knew Sherlock always thought this was endearing, even though he had never mentioned it. His expression was enough. The detective gave a small pleased 'hmm' and stopped fidgeting as John continued to stroke the back of his neck, hand sifting through the curls comfortingly.
However, just as he was about to share his thoughts with John and the two law enforcers in the room, the image panned slightly from left to right, then vice versa. The lens slowly rotated in a wide circular motion, causing Sherlock's figure to warp and tilt, and then stopped dead centre. The image flickered suddenly and a completely new view of the sitting room burst on to the screen, now in the opposite corner, and repeated the same little dance: only the tall man was now not visible apart from at the widest angle and only then his bare feet with their long, almost prehensile toes. This happened several times, until all angles were accounted for: the former idea then, Moriarty must like his seats at the theatre to be exclusive, Sherlock thought bitterly. Just as he was about to remark on it, he was yet again interrupted by a change in perspective: John's laptop had been left half open on the desk, just as he always did whenever he went out, a bad habit formed due to Sherlock always rushing him about.
It was glorious for Sherlock to behold now, outside of the event, watching from the future, even though he had been scared at the time. His attention was pulled back as his now lover continued.
“Sally, that’s going too far. Especially with recent events being as they are-“
I have no excuses for how long this took, all I can say is I am so sorry! I can't promise this won't happen again, as I literally had no idea what to write for months. However, I'll try my best to get something out on some sort of schedule!
sorry for the wait guys! hope you enjoy my longest chapter yet... i think they're steadily getting more lengthy :P
” John flicked the safety back on and placed the Sig on the mantle piece, eyeing up the windows and doors as he went. He glanced towards the kitchen and could see the smashed glass, the broken phone among the debris. Pinching his thumb and index finger over the bridge of his nose, the sound of John’s tired sigh crackling from the speakers echoed through Lestrade’s office.
Sherlock opened his eyes to see John turn his head towards him slightly, eyebrows lowered in concern. Oh. Sherlock had spoken his name out loud. Instead of looking back, he slowly lowered his heavy head to his partners’ shoulder, curly hair brushing his neck lovingly. He closed his eyes again, savouring John’s scent and snuffling into the dip between shoulder and neck, his favourite place to rest when in a moping mood. He felt more than heard John chuckle quietly as he placed a small kiss on Sherlock’s head, before turning back to the screen.
"John stop. You're right, this isn't the time for this."
"And how do we know that your not just a psychopath, hmm? How do we know that your not using John for other reasons?"
Sherlock watched his partners face fall slightly and swallow back words as he looked away from him. He let John process this for a bit, but he couldn't stand that look on his face anymore so he hurriedly carried on his sentence.
P.S if you have tumblr and want to follow me, I have a Sherlock blog here which I run with additionalpylons:
All of this flashed through both of their heads in a moment: Sherlock had turned and shuffled towards the edge of the bed, dragging John with him, to pick up the damned mobile.
Muhahahahaha.
Sherlock made a face at this, why couldn't anyone other than John just accept him as he was for god sakes, was it really so hard to see him in a relationship?
John gave him a secret glance, winking at him as his eyes smouldered. Sherlock's eyes widened and then he blushed violently and looked down shyly. John took pity on him and changed the subject, before the others cottoned on.
till next time, LTP
" urgh, well the git has to have some use doesn't he?"
Greg was stuck, and this situation was rapidly becoming a problem. He was their mate, for god sakes, especially to John, who had joined him for a pint a couple of times every month. And Sherlock… well he felt like a father to him, to be honest, not that he would ever be caught dead saying that to anyone but John.
John’s arm went limp, thudding onto the sofa in the small space that was between them. Neither noticed that they were in fact still gripping each other’s fingers, their intertwined hands resting naturally together as John blinked in confusion, his anger leaving so quickly that it almost made him dizzy.
” This distracted Sherlock from his ogling.
Well, for Sherlock that was actually quite nice, he was expecting him to lay out every thought in Lestrade's lizard brain for the world to see. What he found out must have been exciting.
Not unless an unidentified body was spat from the diseased maw of the Thames.
Sherlock took a deep breath as he stared ahead, not concentrating on anything in particular. He removed all outside stimulus and concentrated all but a slither of his focus on the evidence, the small part that wasn’t for the work left for John and his reactions, always keeping tabs on his blogger from the corner of his eye. His hands in his usual pose by his face, and his feet brought up onto the chair so he could rest them on his knees, Sherlock blinked as the camera shot went black for a few seconds, and then burst into colour that was joined by the sound of scuffing and panted breaths. It was a lot higher quality: either it was one belonging to Mycroft that Sherlock had missed on his searches whenever the git visited, and he seriously doubted that, or it was Moriarty who had placed it. Must have been. Mycroft would never plant a camera at this angle. This placement screamed stealth, whereas ‘big brother’ tended to focus on the angle that would give the most useful view.
John winced as he thought of his interactions with Sherlock after they had both calmed down. He would see. He would see how he had effected John, back when it was to be hidden. John had his fingers crossed that the cameras didn't reach his room; he didn't feel very lucky though.
“You were so sweet that night, you know?” John reminisced, a sappy smile upon his face. “You don’t know how happy that kiss made me… Oh. Well I suppose you will now what with the cameras everywhere.” Abashedly remembering how they had even gotten to this point in the first place, John looked around at the other two sat in the dingy office. He would never regret other people knowing about them, he just detested the fact that they both had to learn new, private things about each other in front of witnesses. That they would see him almost float up the stairs with how much fucking
"John, why are you doing that, stop it, I need to get this out before it takes up too much short memory space, it's already backed up in 3 different places... No! stop giggling! This is a serious matter, John, please just quieten down and listen."
Sherlock was slightly baffled by the arrangement in recording: he would have thought that Moriarty would want Sherlock himself to be centre-stage, would have wanted to rub in the fact that he had not noticed what was staring him in the face, but no. Either he had multiple cameras placed in web filled nooks and crannies to get every panoramic shot possible, or simply realised that Sherlock spent the majority of his time either in the kitchen doing experiments or sulking on the couch, and therefore a direct visual was seen as pointless in his enemy's dead pit-like eyes.
"sit."
“Oh goody, I'm guessing this is the part where you say an embarrassing goodnight and one of you kisses the other on the cheek right? Or is that too boring for you two?" Sally sneered, starting to snort in derision, that is until she caught the scowling blush on their cheeks.
"Sherlock I..." John sighed heavily and licked his lips. "I know this isn't the time for this... But, I just-"
I am now the queen of procrastination, I left all my school work to do today and I decided to write another chapter instead :D
The click of the door echoed throughout the rooms, a sound linking past and present as the detective and his blogger stared at each other, smiles lifting their cheeks as they remembered the night that started everything.
Sherlock took a deep breath and congratulated himself on his verbal prowess, waiting for John to agree with him so that they could get on with it and stop dragging this encounter out unnecessarily, whilst in front of an audience. He may need to call Mycroft for damage control, the fat git could do with something to keep him occupied.
The time stamp in the corner read 01:37, the date 01/04/2010.
And with that, DI Gregory Lestrade winked, put his feet up and pressed play.
“I swear to god, if I have to hear one more sappy speech from either of you I will tear my god-damn ears off! This is taking way too long, can we speed this up a little please? I do have actual detective work to be getting on with you know? I know you lot are used to staying up all night but I do want to actually go home some point today. At this speed it’ll take 7 years to finish all this!”
missed it, but as they were specifically looking for John’s reaction they managed to catch how John’s eyes darted away. He blinked hard, once, gave a minute shake of his head and carried on as if nothing particularly interesting had been said.
Sherlock yanked his hand away, a look of disdain passing across his features as he got up to pace the room. He came to a stop, dead in front of John, hands resting either side of his head as he leaned forward.
Sally had a perfectly shaped eyebrow raised at him, although she wasn't look at him in the face. She was staring at where their hands slightly touched, where Sherlock had curled a finger around John's thumb. She still wasn't sure whether this was one huge joke or not, although even she thought that she would have to be the biggest idiot in the world to not believe their love for each other. It was just... She could not merge this Sherlock with the one that resided in her head. In there, he was a cruel man who was too clever for his own good, a junkie looking for his next big fix. Whether or not that fix lead to murder, Sally was positive that some day it would have. But... Since John, that view had changed. In the last couple of months, it had been changed again, as Sally had seen the freak almost be... Happy. And wow, that was a huge concept right there. Sherlock, happy in someone else's company? Ridiculous.
completely. John had stopped laughing by now, and was looking at Sherlock in confusion, wondering why he had that awestruck look on his face and rapt eyes. He stroked across his cheekbone with a finger, swirled shooting stars to land on his cupids bow: an angels kiss. John would never get over how gorgeous this man was to him, how essential he was to his happiness. Alive. Sherlock made him feel alive.
"why does everyone question the most inane, simplest things?! Leave, don't leave, why does it matter, oh you might as well hear all of it! Get in on the old Sherlock&john show."
"Sherlock. Look at me. Please."
” John snorted and tried to spit out his next sentence whilst laughing.
Sherlock, wide eyed and too flustered to put up an ounce of fight, sank bonelessly down until he was slumped in the cold, cheap plastic. He unthinkingly reached out and grasped johns hand, squeezing it slightly to caution the doctor. He let go surreptitiously and was surprised yet glad when John reached to take hold of his shoulder and left it there. Lestrade gazed at the two men in front of him, strangely proud of them. John had always known how to handle Sherlock, and Sherlock had always known when to back down with him, something he had never done or been able to understand with anyone else. In a way he was calmed by this. Seeing the brave front the both of them put up reassured him that nothing would endanger their relationship, certainly not Moriarty. They were perfect for each other, he thought, and knew that Sherlock had now become a good man, not just a great one. He gave a grim smile and readied himself for whatever would happen next. Just as he was about to start on his revised speech, Sally -of course- had to jump in and spoil things.
" I thought that I wasn't good enough for you, hell I still think that. What I'm trying to say in a round about way is that I'll always be here, and you have always been enough for me, more than enough. I know how you like to gather the facts, so I'll give you one: I will never stop loving you. No amount of grand declarations or silly flowers or ridiculous valentines cards will change that. No stomach-churning experiments or body parts in the fridge. You don't have to change sweetheart, not for me, not for anyone. Although it would be quite nice if you do the washing up or the shopping every now and again. So... Yeah. That's... Well."
On the other half of the TV set, while John had slept, Sherlock had stood motionless at the bottom of the stairs in the witching hour. All was still except his eyes, flickering as a sputtering candle. He had been placed under a spell, a dark being motionless before a frenzy. A frenzy it was. Everyone in the room bar Sherlock jumped as his doppelgänger became a blur, the pixellation causing disjointed jumps: He became a changeling, shape shifting between kitchen to living room, from sofa to the table. A pacing beast that clawed into its hair, growled at the world and seethed at the prison its mind had become. Sherlock scratched at his hands and arms, the jerking, marionette motions difficult to watch. Time passed in double speed, Sherlock never stopping in his movements until a message alert pinged. He pulled his phone out and stared at the screen for long moments.
"And despite knowing all that, i love you so completely that I don't know how I survived before you. I almost didn't."
"John... I don't understand. Why are you so surprised? We've been in a relationship for most of the year, how could me declaring my feelings possibly alarm you? What, is it not real if only we know? Are the actions that occur behind closed doors not special or affirming enough for you?"
"Hey it's just an idea, something to think about. Yet I still don't understand... How could Moriarty get it so wrong? As you said, he's meant to be a genius, and even if he truly is sociopathic, it really doesn't need spelling out..."
As john slapped him, Sherlock suddenly resurfaced from the overwhelming mire of his head to find that he was on the verge of a slight panic attack. This wasn't the first time this had happened. Too much data, mixed with a load of feelings chucked on him tended to cause his mind to need a slight reboot. This was why he refused point blank to take the tube, no matter how much john had complained. He now knew better, after they had been forced down there for case. That was the first time john had seen this reaction, only one and a half months into living with each other, which he had handled with surprising skill.
to me, the fact that I could just assume you were going along with things just as I was, or the fact that I
He is broken: his battery has run out, his heart stops for a minute and everything seems to be a much bigger deal than it used to be. Sherlock remembers that moment like it was yesterday, the moment when he knew he was defeated. The chemical defects had caught up, manifested in his system, without him even
"What? No wh-"
John again looked at Sherlock in concern, wondering why his partner had pulled away. He looked up and saw nothing exciting going on, just the two of them finally getting the door open to 221, Sherlock herding him slightly as he always does.
She said this last sentence very quietly, staring down awkwardly at Sherlock and John's shoes.
Greg really did hate it when Watson pulled out the Captain stare on him; it was… disconcerting. It didn’t match up with the John that he had gotten to know over the year of being in his presence. He was kind and doctor-ly, and put up with far too much shit. He wore those jumpers that were all comfort and no fashion to speak of. On a case, he was stoic: he could handle the vilest of crimes, more so than any of the members of the forensics team, as much as Sherlock, even. Lestrade did not know this John, the one with a pack and rifle slung over his back, his fatigues bloody and torn, dust worn and clung to by many a man’s hands as they bled to death in the heat and flies of an Afghanistan best forgotten. Only Sherlock could even get close to knowing him fully. He felt like a school boy being reprimanded by the headmaster.
, who knows for how long, while he had been running around like a headless chicken, throwing insults here and there to the man.
He looked up as John snorted in a sardonic laugh after scanning over the small paragraph.
“Ugh, don’t be so dramatic Lestrade, I’m here aren’t I?”
Sally just rolled her eyes and stayed silent as she pressed the button: Another day in the life of Holmes, it seemed.
"Greg... I'm still waiting."  After watching Sally and Lestrade stare at him in slightly awed shock, John uncrossed his arms and strode over to grab a chair from beside the shut door. He plonked it down unceremoniously behind Sherlock, took hold of his elbow and forced him down into the chair.
In fact, he had done both.
"Well, as we have just missed it, and Donovan has been so kind as to… crush the remote in her harpy claws, I will explain from my point of view: I came back downstairs. John was sat on the couch. I went over to pass him his medical kit and thought it prudent to ask if he was alright: obviously he wasn't, and as I am unused to asking such stupid questions and dealing with large build ups of emotion, I chose the wrong path of investigation into his psychological and physical condition. John is one of the very few who walk this earth that I cannot always predict; which is probably why I can stand his company for long periods of time."
John slid down, resting on his haunches, propped up against the wall. Hands ran agitated through his short hair, dust and small pieces of brick scattering around him, until they covered his face and pressed over his eyes. After a moment, his head banged against the wall again, his hands ending up resting on his knees as he let out an emotionless laugh.
Sherlock looked away from John to give a smug grin to her, and then redirected his eyes back to his partner. His eyes roamed over his body, noted the straight back posture and the no nonsense wide line of his shoulders. He left the best to last, John’s face, his army face. The one that Sherlock loved to see and made him proud, whilst simultaneously making him a bit hot under the collar. His John may be small, but damn he could take charge of a room, he filled it and even Lestrade seemed to bow under that control. Not that his lover used it much. He would have to persuade him to use it more often, they hadn’t really done that much role-play in the bedroom yet…
He rushed off before John could say anything, his singed hair waving a pathetic, lank goodbye to the weary Watson, the soft
Sherlock, having sex. With John. Sherlock. How did they get from point A to B? Was it awkward? Did Sherlock just drop trousers and deduce John into a fit of passion? He just couldn't get his head round it. Did John order him about? Lestrade didn't know why, but he just couldn't visualise their sex life as something normal. God, he had just sometimes stupidly thought that he didn't even have genitalia, let alone sexual desires. He was a bloody alien, all slanting chameleon eyes and ridiculous limb proportioning. Sherlock. With John. Having sex. Penises....
"No point holding anything back John, they'll see for themselves anyway, why not give them an early warning." Sherlock then folded his arms and looked smugly at the D.I, before pronouncing. "Lestrade, may I warn you that throughout these little clips- and I speak for myself, I didn't know John's habits at that time- I masturbate. A lot. Sometimes with toys. I pleasure myself on the sofa. In my bed, in John's bed. I touch myself sat in my chair, on John's chair. In the shower-although we have no evidence for cameras being in the bathroom, but I wouldn't be surprised- and if that disturbs you, then tough, you have to watch. And that's not taking into account what we do to each other, why-"
He was riled up now, his movements becoming sharp as he turned to John and invaded his personal space. "How long would you have
“Nothing that bad sir, just the usual inappropriate giggles and intense eye gazing. Who has got the bets on this month? I swear the sexual tension is killing me.” Sally said all this jokingly; she never thought that it would be true, never thought for a moment that someone would collect that £126 prize money.
Sherlock’s face hardened.
He was dreaming, he must be. Sherlock had just said he loved him, albeit slightly rudely, but none the less. In front of the others. He said it in front of the others. God what was going on? He tried to think from Sherlocks point of view, the one where his own stupid insecurities did not play a part. Well... Moriarty now for definite knew John was his weakness. Yeah, that was slightly disconcerting. What else? Well, John thought with horror and a sort of sick mortification, Moriarty had infiltrated 221B, their sanctuary, the only real place that they could let their relationship blossom and grow. He had cameras at least in the entrance hallway and their living room. Oh god... John got off of his bum and jumped up, ready for action. He could analyse his own feelings about this sudden coming out later.
His fingers scrambled to get under the raised surface, picking at the tiny, double sided adhesive strip that he could feel. It gave just as his nail began to splinter and he cursed slightly under his breath. He stood up on creaky legs that had seen better days: not getting any younger, he moaned at himself.
"Oh!..."
“Yeah Sally? Any news on those house thefts?”
at this point John cleared his throat sheepishly as Sherlock widened his eyes and made a shushing motion with his lips.
They watched as one as the Sherlock of the past cupped John’s cheek, whispered goodnight and bent down to plant a chaste kiss on his forehead.
“What’s going to be bad enough with the two of you? The amount of dead brain cells in the room?”
Sherlocks first reaction was to be kind of... Dissatisfied. Disappointed almost. Was that all this was? Why were they making such a big deal out of it? So what, it was an image of the two of them at 221B, sat on the sofa like any normal night. It was paused at a point with John looking earnestly at him, elbows resting lightly on his ripped-jean clad knees. His hands were under his chin, fisted to hold it up so he could look into Sherlocks eyes. He himself had an almost shy hint to his countenance, dashed with some crazed look in his eye that spoke of a storm of his once-thought-stupid feelings raging through his mind palace. His one hand was clutching the end of his shirt, worrying creases into the silk material that looked- what? Damaged? The other was grasping John's wrist, looking like he was hanging on achingly tight. Except... Wait... No. No.
"Wait... I think I got something here..."
Curse his childhood love for pirate stories: they would be the death of him. He did have a love for dramatics after all, not that he would ever admit that aloud to anyone, especially after John’s good-natured-yet-rather-close-to-home teasing. Similes and metaphors had no place here, only facts, logic and John. Always John.
"You're damn right I will, no 'may' about it…" the sergeant muttered darkly, surprisingly unaffected by Sherlock's little tirade: it would take a lot more to embarrass Sally Donovan, that's for sure. As she was mumbling, she couldn't help but over hear John whispering to the detective, something about not knowing he did it in his bed and that much. He was licking his lips far too frequently for Sally's liking. They hadn't gotten to anything racy yet and Watson was already showing signs of arousal. She was still unsure whether or not the tapes would do anything for the couple: maybe the mortification and shame would be too much for either of them to get it up. That's what she hoped for anyway. In this instance she would Thank Christ for being a woman. No real outward signs of attraction would show, although Sherlock would obviously be able to see if she
Greg was confused. No matter how much Sherlock might have said he was stupid, or slow, the DI was not in actual fact a moron. And he hated feeling like this, so out of the loop. Why would this be sent to him? What was even on these surveillance tapes? Well, that was what he was guessing they were, by the sound of it. If Moriarty had footage of Sherlock doing something unsavoury, or unusual, wouldn’t it have been better for blackmail if he had sent it to the genius himself, or the papers? He couldn’t even begin to wonder what was on them; maybe Sherlock had relapsed after the emotional onslaught the pool incident had brought on. What the letter could be suggesting… that couldn’t be it. Lestrade knew of the little betting ring the yard had about Sherlock and John, hell, he was a part of it. Just a bit of fun, though he thought it would never happen. Sherlock just didn’t do relationships. But… No matter what he said, Lestrade knew that he wasn’t a sociopath.
John physically leaned away at this, he was so taken aback that he just stood and blinked for a couple of seconds, shoulders still squared where he had been anticipating a degrading speech on the futility of emotions. He twisted slightly so that he could see whether or not Lestrade and Sally had heard the same thing or that he was going mental. Nope, not mental yet, going by the look on their faces. John had really not expected this, he felt like all he knew about the detective and his privacy was being turned up on its head.
Everyone in the office jumped, Donovan giving a small, little scream in shock at being interrupted by the sound of John's voice blaring like a fog horn into the now tense air. Even though she and Lestrade had already watched this part, it still did not ready her for the sudden change in volume that was associated with Watson's volcanic temper, her full body twitch causing her to pause the video. Sherlock grimaced, remembering with a pang the following argument and make up. He had been so afraid: terrified even, that John would walk out of his life for good, that his realisation had come just that bit too late. The worse thing was the feeling that he deserved it, deserved the pain that would follow the compact man walking out his door. He had been
John reached out to grab Sherlock's’ hand, realising as he spoke that he had so much to be thankful for. But all trauma leaves its scars. Some more visible than others. “As you’ll probably find out from good ol’ Moriarty, I didn’t exactly have the best reaction. I was so used to hiding it and pushing everything down that it didn’t even occur to me that I could come to you, confide in you. Maybe then you would have seen that it’s OK to not feel...good. It’s okay to be overwhelmed. At least you tried to give your feelings an outlet, you tried to talk to me that night and I shut you down at first, acting like I knew what was best for you just because it worked for me. As you already
The door violently flung open and John marched into the room, gun raised, all access and egress routes checked and accounted for before he lowered the Sig slightly, not fully relaxed until he had had a chance to check every room in the building. There was what looked like a civilian here, and it was best not to scare him. He may have an improvised weapon and John would not act until all threats had been verified.
“Woah, John. Getting his kit off already? You’re a fast mover and smooth talker my friend. Ah just joking with ya. Poor Sherlock looks like he’s about to have an aneurysm though! Never thought you’d be shy about your ‘transport’. I don’t know how you boys didn’t spontaneously combust with all that tension. And Jesus, Sherlock! it’s a miracle you have any hair and skin left after all that pulling, lad.” Greg frowned over at him, the sympathy choking in the back of his throat. He couldn’t help but glance at Sherlock’s arms to check if there were any scars.
"... And on that lovely note, let's please get back to business, Lestrade. I can only deal with so much sentiment and my quota for the day has been by far filled up."
Lestrade also watched, although with a growing sense of frustration as the genius bastard stayed silent. He couldn't find anything in the letter when he looked at it, and he had read it so many times it was almost memorised. How could Sherlock have got something just by reading it once? He was such a git, leaving them in suspense like this, but Greg couldn't help but feel some sort of... Fatherly pride at his consulting child-detective, so he stayed quiet and hoped that Sherlock’s love of praise from John outweighed his love of the dramatic. Lestrade was extremely optimistic, especially after the little scene he had witnessed a couple of minutes ago. Christ, if only his wife was even a fraction as devoted to him as those two were to each other. His marriage would be frankly sunshine and rainbows, not left in the gutter where divorce papers were stained with the blood, sweat and tears he had put into keeping their relationship a float, smeared with all the shit she had put him through. At least they didn't have any kids, thank fuck, he would have hated to put them through the blazing arguments about the house. Only a certain government official who remained anonymous managed to convince the harpy to retract her claws from his whole life savings.
The man he wanted was in his arms, craving his touch, overwrought and needing him.
you know the drill: Feedback is always welcomed, and if you see any mistakes don't hesitate to point them out!
He couldn't stand it. They thought that he was weak, that he had panicked because of them knowing about John and himself. Their stupidity would have disgusted him, but he could deduce that john was also doubting himself, that he thought that all his worst imaginings had become true and Sherlock would just shut down on him and show him the door.
John turns in his chair to look at Sherlock, sees the widened eyes and awed expression. Pale supernova eyes flicker to dark sea and a wondering smile replaces the slightly opened lips as his doctor cups his cheeks and grins back.
have faith in him; it was John's own self that he couldn’t seem to trust. Who knew trust issues could manifest themselves to be so misaligned. How could anyone trust Sherlock of all people when they didn’t even trust their own reactions and feelings?
so lucky to still be able to wake up every… well, some mornings with his John Watson.
could never have happened just because I was
"Aww, is ickle Sherly embarrassed? Poor baby b-" br />
Blearily opening his eyes, John mumbled sleep garbled sounds as he was dragged unceremoniously out of oblivion to the shrill echoes of the personalised ring tone ‘cops and robbers’. He lay there dazed for a moment, not able to connect the dots. God he was just so comfortable and warm, a long line of a body pressed against his. He turned around slowly, searching out that blazing warmth and snuggled into the bare chest he found, pulling up the duvet over him and his bed fellow.
Sherlock smiled despite himself.
Lestrade felt like a huge dick now. At first, yeah, he had been surprised by Sherlock’s little display of affection. Who wouldn’t? He didn’t mean to mock him for it, far from it. He felt a bit privileged really: he had witnessed him being…well… cute. There was no other word for it; he had been snuggling with John for Christ sake. And he had ruined it by appearing to be judgmental about it. Well, no point in crying over it now, what’s done is done. Although the man didn’t have to defend himself quite so thoroughly, john hadn’t done anything wrong in Lestrades eyes. John’s reaction had confused him somewhat as well. He hadn’t seemed put out or upset or anything like that. Just pissed off, and not with who you would imagine.
"Unfortunately Greg, Sally's right on the money. I can't believe I'm saying this, but maybe it would be easier to show people the videos? Not all of it, god no. Just... Snippets that we could pick out where we show true affection, put Sherlock in a better light ya know? One of the reasons we kept this a secret was so that he didn't get any bad press, and I won't stand for it now the issue has been forced."
knowing that this,
Sherlock was thankful for john’s touch: he had begun to get caught up in his own head again. He needed John to ground him, lest he float away on a sea of churning black thoughts, barbed as Poseidon’s trident and just as terrifying. They glinted in the waves of feeling, like sun reflections from the jewellery of drowned sailors. His head and heart pounded as one, for once: john had caused that beat to finally match perfectly, now in sync more than he ever had been. He closed his eyes for a moment, just as two dark, bedraggled creatures emerged from the taxi on screen, rotten, algae draped deckhands emerging from the moonlit froth on a beach far, far from here. Sherlock shook his head slightly, murmuring a gentle:
“Why- why do you always s-say his-his name like a swearword?! Oh ye-yeah, it’s because you a-are a drama queen!” Sherlock kept a straight face, secretly amused as his partner shook from his laughter, and said in his most pompous high class accent:
But it was one that was steadily fading away into the background. He was tired of not being able to share his affection with John in front of others; lately he had found himself reaching out to take his hand, only pulling away at the very last second. No one noticed of course, they were all idiots. He planned on talking to John soon, see if he could talk him out of the ridiculous notion that Sherlock would fare better without anyone knowing, that he would try to run. He would be offended by how little faith John had in him, but knew it was in a way his own fault: he had planned to talk to him sooner, convince him and lay out all the facts, try to get past his own ‘emotional constipation’ as John put it. He had deduced that John
Nothing was dead here.
Still grinning slightly, he turned to the still gob smacked man at the desk.
"Alright that's enough, Sherlock. Now gimme any info you got."
"Nice try Jim, but you won't break up this crime fighting duo anytime soon." John grinned at him and it clicked into place.
veiled his compliments, and, to be honest, John found it quite funny and in a way adorable.
Sherlock watched as all of this crossed Donovan's face, and couldn't help but feel sorry for her alongside the smugness. But, this was all getting off topic: Moriarty was back and they were standing here ruminating about his and John's relationship. He could see easily that they had questions, hell even John had questions of him. The other two would surely find out the answers to theirs soon. He couldn't help but feel a flutter of sickness down in his gut. If his deductions were correct... Then, well, he and John were in for the most mortifying day of their existence. Donovan and Lestrade would not react this dramatically to just one video of them where all they did was talk, cry and hug.
He looked over at the detective, who was sitting as close to his side as possible given that they were in two separate chairs, and studied his face. It looked like he was thinking the same as John, his mouth a pale thin line in his otherwise stoic features that were at odds with his current body language. He slowly moved to cover his hand, which was clenched around the armrests of the chair, squeezing it hesitantly in case Sherlock did not want his touch. After not gaining any kind of response, he began to move his hand back dejectedly to its original position. He was therefore startled as the man at his side quickly flipped his hand, palm up, so he could grasp John’s fingers between his own.
He was too busy trying to not get an erection at the sight of his new boyfriend in sleek black speedos.
“Greg… are you sure? Really? The freak and… God. We can’t watch this. We can’t. Who knows what’s on there, look: what could fill bloody five disks worth? Is it sick that I want to watch? Shit, I hate curiosity. Just imagine it… sitting here at your desk, me, you, another poor sod all huddled round watching them slowly begin their relationship, the first kiss, the first time they get off… Fuck. It’s sick. Moriarty is a sick twisted bastard; I never thought I’d feel sorry for the freak. Imagine john’s face though, Mr ‘I’m not gay’.” She ended her tirade by giggling slightly hysterically, looking at Greg like he could do anything about this.
“SEE?! Even John said he could have shot you!”
Sally sat back smugly and waited for the penny to drop. Even though she felt sorry for them, it didn't mean she couldn't get some enjoyment out of winding them up and watching their reactions play out. This was going to be good, she thought as scenarios ran throughout her head. Her favourite so far was Sherlock shutting down completely, his vocabulary being reduced to keyboard smash letters, and the army man fainting from the shock. It was all a bit of fun, wasn't it? Nothing serious would come of it, just an embarrassment waiting for all of them. The less Sally thought about that, the better.
Together.
" well, you've chosen a great time to become unobservant, fr- Sherlock. Go on, have a look around and deduce it. Then maybe you can tell that soldier of yours to back down for one minute, so that we can continue our jobs of baby sitting you two clowns. God sake we're trying to help you here!"
"It's your fault you know. The hundreds of people like you."  Sherlock spoke quietly, resigned to the fact that whatever he said, she would probably never understand fully.
“Sir? The audio has kicked in, we didn’t really watch too much after this, did we?”
Back in Lestrades office, John rested his head against his hand in perfect symmetry to footage-John, who had, after looking around the flat as if he was seeing it for the first time, sat weakly on the couch, knees buckling with exhaustion.
Sherlock did not continue speaking. In fact, his face contorted, lips popping open and eyes widening as John looked ready to explode. Again. Before he knew what he was doing, John was on auto pilot as he grabbed Sherlock's un-injured wrist and pulled him sharply towards himself, getting right into Sherlock's face. His breathing was audible even from across the room, the multi functioning camera capturing every flicker of emotion and every sound that crossed their lips.
- Lestrade spluttering something about tapes and letters and how he was sorry about watching something-
John came back to himself gradually, mortified at the memories rushing through his head. He swiveled in his chair slowly, hiding his face from Sherlock as much as possible, turning so the detective's arms were still securely wrapped around him, pointy chin digging into his shoulder and razor edge cheekbone brushing his burning cheeks. Greg and Sally still looked at them in confusion and john could no longer stand it, worrying about how they would see him after this, the humiliation too much to bare.
of Sherlock's bare feet mirroring his erratic heartbeat.
“That I am like this, I mean. Try and observe from a distant perspective for once, and think about why I am the way I am, an emotionless psychopath according to you. You always say I’m a freak that can’t feel anything, yet when there is evidence to the contrary, you mock me. I’ve dealt with people like you since I was four years old, so don’t you dare think for one second that you are anyone special."
"Stupid, clever show-off, you can tell he's enjoying it with all the dramatic swanning about." Sherlock muttered mostly to himself, as the tiny, fewer pixel camera showed the keyboard and the desk, case notes strewn about with tea rings stained into their pages that john had been cross referencing before he had left for Sarah's.
"So what were you gonna say? Any ideas on why he didn't realise, or are you just gonna sit there and get lost in that palace of yours?"
"Medical Conference." Sherlock closed his eyes as if he were in pain, a deep sigh passing his lips as he cut off john's ever growing consternation. Now this development was unfortunate. The conference Skype had been…eventful. Enjoyable at the time, yes extremely, but... Damn Moriarty for exposing things
"Does it matter?" John was quiet and calm as can be on the outside, and Sherlock just wanted to shake him. How could he be like this? So… tranquil when Sherlock was a hurricane inside?
“John, it might be a case! An interesting one, maybe a double locked room murder suicide theft!” John sighed, huffing a breath directly across one of the nipples in front of him. He watched, fascinated, as the skin around it pebbled, the tiny hairs pin pricking around the small little nub.  He couldn’t help but smile at the loveliness that Sherlock was when he was excited, how that voice shook sound waves that seemed to lap crushingly at john’s heart. Sherlock scoffed, and whispered deeply in his lovers’ ear, trying to sound unaffected. “John, that’s not going to work, I NEED a case.” he was grinning slyly; he could imagine it perfectly. Oh he knew his partner was trying to wind him up, but it worked every single time.
John recognised it immediately, that memory embedded deep where he could never forget it.
"Why didn't you tell me."
Then, he threw it with a shout of fury, no planned direction. Unfortunately, the phone careened straight into a beaker set on the kitchen table.
"...Shut up Donovan."
Got it? I need everything exactly as it was if you can. He’s back and I can’t leave any room for mistakes… not like last time.” He hung up, half formed sentences dying across the network. Looking over at John, he saw his eyes glitter with determination and reigned in fear. Always the calmest man in a bad situation, Sherlock thought with pride. John had got them out of plenty of untenable positions before, due to his immense self-control and combat skills. When the sirens call of danger beckoned with skeletal phalanges, John Watson was the first to heed it.
"Ha, knew it would get your attention though, am I right? Well, I don't think I would mind, considering what happened last time."
“He always does that when he’s immensely overwhelmed. It doesn’t happen often, but last time I had to put socks on his hands to stop him scratching.” John muttered quietly, gazing at his Sherlock. “You hid the truth from me, love. I thought that you were just messing about. That the scratches were from-”
“Sir… I don’t know if I can stay and watch this. I mean, we haven’t even seen anything yet, and it’s already making me a bit… I just… it’s a bit demeaning you know? Who knew the frea- Sherlock, had feelings like that?”
he sarcastically added in his own head. "Just watch my bloody life story and enjoy our embarrassment while you can." He pulled away from Sherlock's arms as gently as he could: it wasn't his fault after all, was it?
Sherlock’s phone rang.
"Right this is getting off the subject again. I guess... Yeah I'll have to, I can't use these as criminal evidence for offences against you anyway, the cameras are illegally placed so any crimes committed, unless extremely serious, cannot be held up... That's what I'll say, at any rate, if I get questioned."
He placed it on the ground and stomped on it in disgust, without Sherlock having to tell him. Sherlock gave him a small nod. There was no point keeping it to try and get a placement on Moriarty, the mastermind would have planned for all outcomes, no matter how arrogant he seemed. He had also found an audio device, and two cameras that had been placed in expert hiding places. For once Sherlock was glad that his brother had a perchance for spying: it had taught him everything to know about bugging devices and where to place them. They rotated around several times so they all got a chance to look in the same area.
” He mocked in his best ‘everyone’s an idiot bar me’ impression. Sally smirked incredulously at him.
“We just finished one! Two days ago!” He gave a playful little remonstrating nip to the pale chest, and hitched his leg further around the others hip, trapping him as Sherlock went to reach towards the still singing phone. Their faces were now level as, after a few minutes of useless squirming, Sherlock gave up unwillingly. Teach him to try and get out of an ex-soldiers’ ninja cuddle hold, John thought victoriously to himself. Sherlock pouted and cupped Johns face with his hands.
Sally could have kicked herself. Shit, her brain to mouth filter really needed some work. In the blink of an eye, John became completely serious, staring at her dead on. The change on his face was terrifying, and Donovan could not look away, lest she was vaporised into dust on the spot.
"Yes, please do spare me, I don't think I want to be here when you unleash all your pent up frustration on Lestrades desk, thank you very much. I'll probably get a show of that later, knowing my luck and this... Moriarty's sick sense of humour."
John finished off gruffly, his voice a bit thick and a weak grin on his face.
He can now revel in it, instead of panic like what happened at the time. He can bask in the fact that he is in love with the greatest man he has ever known, and the fact that this man
A pool at midnight.
(See the end of the chapter for
man was basically allergic to technology. At least, he seemed to be, if his two-finger typing was anything to go by. His trail of thought was interrupted as John giggled and placed a kiss on his nose, just as the phone stopped ringing.
Sherlock snapped out of his panic before it could gain momentum. “Lestrade, I don’t have time for your stupid mumblings, John and I will head to the yard.
Sherlock, who was perching on the edge like a kicked puppy, scooted closer to the doctor, who was busy opening the kit and unravelling gauze like candy floss on a stick. He still looked angry, but it seemed like he was containing himself, channelling the doctor for the moment and putting away the angry soldier for later, until he could really chew Sherlock out. His jaw clenched, John checked over the detective gently, pulling his arms this way and that to assess the damage. Sherlock just sat there, remarkably docile as he scrutinised John from head to toe, using his own skills to ascertain the degree of injury. Or, that's what he had told himself at the time. He was
"Would all of you just SHUT UP! Don't move, don't think, you're all WRONG."
"Sherlock? Woo-hoo, come in, earth to mop head,"
"Did I just hear right? The freak, apologising? Well... Holy shit you
Lips were parted, breath shared, eyelids lowering as they licked gently into each other’s mouths, tongues coiling together. Sherlock let out a whimper as the hand in his hair tightened further, the other travelling down smoothly to grip a firm, full arse cheek. Sherlock’s fingertips searched out a bare chest, to play across sensitive scar tissue that he stroked reverently, a routine that he never failed to carry out every time they made love. An ode to what brought John to him: his soldier. He felt as John’s hardness pressed insistently against his thigh, heard him moan as he adjusted to press against Sherlock’s own arousal as they rutted through their pyjama bottoms. His cock was so hard already, throbbing slightly as they exchanged pleasure filled sighs between them. John felt like he was going to burst with lust. He wanted. God how he wanted him. Causing Sherlock to gasp out a breathy laugh, John rolled so he was on top of Sherlock and straddling his thighs, hands either side of his head, nose to nose as they grinned at each other.
"Thanks."
John nodded.
They gorged on little dumplings and leaf-wrapped sticky rice. Sherlock amused them both by making small, harmless deductions of the other patrons that John laughed at or commented on. A small, satisfied smile would appear on Sherlock's face each time and John made sure to commit it to memory. He wouldn't be able to carry a picture of Sherlock with him to Afghanistan, but this would be enough.
"So you can write to your girlfriend, of course."
“I’m betting Ravenclaw for this one,” he said to the four boys next to him.
"Thank you," he said, taking it and putting it down before putting his head in his hands again, pushing the scarf against his nose. He took a few deep breaths, trying to calm his racing heart with Sherlock's fading scent. It works, and he could feel the lump in his chest easing up.
"You have my word."
“I don’t envy the first years,” Greg Lestrade said grimly as he glared at the moving rivulets of water running down the glass window. “Imagine having to cross the lake in this weather.”
“I’ll have to get used to flying again,” John admitted. “I haven’t been on a broom all summer.”
"I'm an idiot for defending my best friend?"
Sherlock eyed it speculatively. "'Ignore previous cookie'," he said decidedly.
Sherlock Holmes managed to evade John for a full two weeks, which was a feat in itself, as the first year was taking almost all the classes John was.
She nodded jerkily. "Be safe, John," she implored.
"I will?"
After Care of Magical Creatures, Sarah left for Transfiguration while John was left with a free period. He spent it sitting by the lake, ruminating over Holmes and the past two weeks. The first day of classes, he had been shocked to discover that Holmes was in his Potions, Charms, Arithmancy, Defense, and Astronomy classes. (The last one, though, Holmes had disappeared from after the first day and no one knows why.)
“To you, but that’s only because nobody else’s mind works the same as yours.”
"Sir, there isn't much time—"
The three words, posed as an almost innocent question, struck John like a Bludger to the head. For the first time, he began to have a sense of how lonely Sherlock must have been before and after he arrived at Hogwarts. His mind formed an image of a young boy with black hair and big blue-gray eyes, reading textbooks all alone in his room, no one to play with and no one who he could share his brilliant mind and talent of deduction with, who people probably hated because of his uncanny ability and social ineptitude, and his heart ached for him.
He read it over, checking to see if there was anything else he should put in, before folding it up and sealing it in an envelope that Singh had clipped to the back of the notepad. He quickly penned another letter to Harry before passing the pencil and notepad back to Singh.
Dessert was served soon afterwards and John helped himself to ice cream and fudge, feeling sleepier as his full stomach lulled him into a state of peace. He glanced, again, at the Ravenclaw table and this time saw Sherlock Holmes sitting next to a pretty brunette who was chatting with her friend and who seemed to be studiously ignoring the first year. In fact, nobody seemed to be willing to interact with the boy and the expression on his face wasn’t one of disappointment or sadness or even resignation. It was one of disregard, like he didn’t care that no one wanted to talk to him.
"He's not breathing!" the soldier yelled when John turned back.
They spent the ride in silence, not looking at each other. John stared unseeingly out the window, fists clenching, wishing he or Sherlock would break the tense quiet. But he couldn't think of anything to say. Something banal or something heartfelt? Should he say the common, cliché words of parting and tell Sherlock to take care of himself while he was gone? Or should he be daring, and reveal his feelings for the man?
John grinned and turned to go. Before he disappeared around the corner, however, Sherlock spoke up, calling out to him much like how Mycroft Holmes did before.
John swore again and pocketed the phone. Lestrade came over. "Is he okay?"
Sirius leaned in, his eyes fixed on the boy. His face was twisted with contempt. “That’s him: Sherlock Holmes.”
“Don’t bother. I’m not someone who can be bought or bribed into doing something I don’t want to do.” He whirled around, stalking towards the door which Anthea was standing next to, engrossed in her little leather-bound book. But before he could reach it, Holmes called out to him.
“You already made me eat breakfast, aren’t you satisfied enough?”
Confused, John takes it. "What is it?" He opens it to find a letter addressed to him from the British Army.
John contemplated telling the truth, wondering how Sirius would react. “Sherlock Holmes,” he finally said, deciding a lie would be more trouble than it’s worth.
“No,” John said, his voice raspy. “They’re just curious, that’s all. Give it a few more weeks; things will die down.”
“I worry about him. Constantly.”
John nodded. He'd thought so. "So you did it because of honor."
Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him. Though substantially shorter, there was a power in his glaring eyes that suddenly made John feel very small.
Sherlock let out a loud scoff. “Dull.”
"It's nothing," John said before he could continue with his deductions. "I'm fine."
As the rest of the students began to settle down with the occasional stomach grumble and friendly greeting towards classmates and acquaintances, John noticed Professor Flitwick bring the Sorting Hat and stool to the front of the Hall. The Sorting was starting soon.
it! What does it matter that we are on a piece of rock floating in space revolving around the Sun? The knowledge doesn’t benefit me at all. So I deleted the information, spoke to Professors Flitwick and Dumbledore about my views, and I was allowed to remove myself from the class.”
John laughed. “I suppose people would say that. So with Donovan and Anderson, you would’ve said worse things about them?”
“Good.” John abruptly ruffled his mop of curls and Sherlock shoved his hand away, scowling. “Do you want me to be your friend?”
From up ahead, a column of smoke suddenly erupted as an IED exploded under the lead vehicle. The force of it was enough to turn the vehicle to its side. Suddenly, out of nowhere, gunfire was roaring and John ducked, startled enough that he couldn't figure out where the bullets were coming from.
He made no inclination that he'd heard his name. But John was not deterred.
The front door had opened with a loud bang and John and Mrs. Hudson dashed to the hall to find Sherlock slumped against the wall. There was blood coming from a cut on his forehead and from his nose, his jaw was bruised, and his hands were shaking. "Sherlock!" John shouted, running forward. "What the bloody hell happened to you?"
"Of course I am."
"John!"
Mycroft was silent, looking straight ahead again. John looked out the window, struggling to keep his emotions under control.
John had to grin at that. “Yeah, pretty dull.”
He saved many, but there were still several whose deaths he couldn't prevent and afterwards, John sits on his bunk and stares down at his shaking hands trembling around the rumpled fabric of Sherlock's scarf.
"Nothing. Just got home. Is something wrong?"
Anderson faltered, cowed a little by the rage in John’s face and voice. But then Donovan shot a hex at John, which he just barely managed to dodge. “Or we’ll make sure your life will be a living hell,” she said coldly.
When John didn't reply, she clenched her jaw. "Please, sir, injured as you may be, your services are greatly needed—"
"We did ask them, sir. However, not many accepted the return to active duty."
"How was that even remotely right?" They walked down the stairs and out of the corner of his eye, John sees Mrs. Hudson peering nervously at them from the door of her flat. He smiles reassuringly and she lets out an inaudible sigh of relief, hand over her chest.
Sergeant Brandon nodded and snapped into a salute. "Your country thanks you for your service, Captain Watson."
"I'm only going to help patch up the soldiers, I'm not going to be chasing down the terrorists." Now it was John who gave him a look.
"Dawdle? Wait, Lestrade said you wouldn't come. What changed?"
The bullies now looked a little nervous, seeing as they weren’t able to intimidate him into submission. Donovan looked at Anderson, then turned to Holmes and sneered, “Good thing you got your boyfriend to rescue you, freak.”
“Right. Next time, use your own cauldron.”
“That’s amazing,” John said, awe in his voice. “I’ve never heard of such a thing before.”
know all of that?”
Sergeant Brandon looked affronted. "I don't have any idea who this 'Mycroft' is and I assure you, sir, this is very much real. I know this is a highly unusual request, but the British Army needs you."
a friend.”
year looked away. He turned to Holmes to ask if he was alright when a sudden heavy blow struck him in the head. Anderson had hit him while his back was turned.
“Deduce?”
“No.” She straightens. “Please come with me, John. There’s someone who would like to speak with you.”
John lightly shoved him, exasperation clear on his face. “If you won’t sleep, at least try to rest. Your dormmates complain enough.”
John grinned and Sherlock smiles back, a little confused by the delight in his expression but pleased nonetheless. He opens his mouth, presumably to ask about it, like he always did, when a very distinct sound came from somewhere around their ankles.
Dull. They wouldn't want to read about that. And he sounded like a child reporting back to his parents.
John would’ve given 50 Galleons not to be in that carriage at the moment. Lily Evans and James Potter were famous for their extremely hostile relationship and John had made a point of not getting involved in any way ever since their third argument. Looks like his current record of a year and four months was just broken. “Er, not too bad. Went abroad for a bit, though, and Harry’s met a new girl, Clara, and she’s been over for tea several times. Mum likes her so that’s a good thing.”
“He even sleeps in the third years’ dorm,” Sarah Sawyer said to John one day in Care of Magical Creatures. “Everyone avoids him, though, even though a lot of people would like to pick his brain; he’s so gifted and smart. But I heard that Soo Lin Yao, the Ravenclaw Prefect, tried to talk to him once and he sent her away in tears.”
John stared at him, eyebrow raised, but his flatmate did not deign to give him an answer. "Alright, if you're not going to say anything I'll just go." He turned to go upstairs.
“Not you too,” Sherlock complained. “My brother has been quite bothersome about this. I would like you to refrain from doing the same.”
A bell chimed somewhere for 11 o'clock and John's jaw clenched. "I have to go."
Without further ado, they turned and dashed away as quickly and as quietly as they could. They pelted up staircases and veered around corners until they finally slumped against the wall in a corridor not far from the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
Ross nodded and they fell into silence. Normally, John would have told them to piss off, but there was just something about Ross or perhaps it was the situation itself that made him appreciate the companionship. "Why did you accept?" John asked.
"Right," Sherlock said. He strode into the house, leaving Lestrade and John outside.
“What was that about?” Sherlock asked as they hung back from the crowd.
John nodded.
"Watson! We need you here!" He was up and running before they even finished saying his name.
John stiffened with surprise when two Slytherins came out of the shadows. Both were sixth years and seemed tall and imposing in the darkness. The shorter of the two— a wavy-haired girl who looked familiar although he couldn’t place where he’d seen her before— stepped forward into the light of the torches. She was holding a slim black book and smiled enticingly as she approached.
"Yes, but I'm not the one going to war." Sherlock gave him a pointed look.
“Instead of doing that, you should’ve just given me a heads-up.” John crossed his arms, glaring. Sherlock looked slightly disconcerted, but John sighed, letting the indignation fade. It was obvious Sherlock still did not know how to cooperate with people and this independence was hard to let go of. “Just let me know about these things next time,” he said wearily.
The food vanished and Dumbledore stood to bid them goodnight. As one, the students stood to leave and John could hear the Prefects calling for the first years.
John nodded and despite his panic from Sherlock's departure, he managed a smile as they pulled each other into a rough embrace, clapping each other on the back. "I'll be fine. Watch over Sherlock for me, would you? Make sure he doesn't get himself killed or worse."
Whatever it is though, John wasn’t letting up until he finally got the chance to properly apologize to him.
She sniffled and he held her closer. "It's so dangerous on the front lines. You could be hurt or killed." Her fingers clutched his arm. "You must be safe," she said urgently.
Some other gifts he'd received from home are mostly in the form of food. Lestrade had sent a woolen jumper around Christmastime, saying it was the most hideous one he could find. It was a horrible shade of olive green with white pompoms splashed on top of it in a facsimile of snow while a horde of misshapen reindeer ran across the bottom, dragging a red rectangle of a sleigh with black runners behind them. Ugly though it may be, it was warm— made of alpaca wool— and almost presentable once John took off the pompoms. The reindeer and sleigh were woven into the jumper, however, but since he wore it under his uniform where no one would see it, he didn't mind.
"It's alright. There isn't much I can say to help anyway," Ross says. But the sympathy in his eyes was more than enough.
"What?"
John wonders if he should just try to make a break for it, but the persistent pressure of the wandtip at his back deterred that and he followed, hating his helplessness.
"No really, I'm not. But Sherlock is the only exception." Unbidden, Sherlock's words wandered into John's mind:
Perhaps John should tell him. When he returned to 221B, he should tell Sherlock how he felt about him.
Sally Donovan, a 4
“John Watson.” Again, someone called his name. But this time it wasn’t posed as a question. It was lower and more aggressive: a demand for attention.
He frowned. Something didn’t feel right here. The question, spoken by anyone else, would be taken as concern for a younger sibling. But Mycroft Holmes was not known for being a caring older brother; quite the opposite actually, given the rumors of his and Sherlock’s feud. John did not know the brothers well enough to confirm or deny these rumors, but he supposed there was a reason why Holmes had taken the time to draw John out and get him alone to interrogate him about his younger brother. It may be that Holmes did care for Sherlock after all.
John stared at him as ice shot down his spine. Holmes meant what he said, every word of it, he could tell. At that moment, he could see what Sirius had meant that the boy wasn’t ‘natural’. “That was incredibly Slytherin of you,” he eventually said.
John raised an eyebrow, but didn’t comment. If Holmes was taking such precaution to avoid Sherlock, it must be because he wanted something from John. “What do you want from me?”
"You're fidgeting and your voice is at a slightly higher pitch than usual. You're nervous. What's wrong?" Sherlock's bright eyes roamed over him. "Is it the letter in your left pocket? Or the woman who spoke to you today?"
"Come now, even you couldn't be so blind."
“I’m not afraid of him. I’ve watched him with James Potter and the other two and he’s even more of an idiot now than when he was 9. Typical of Gryffindors, from what I’ve seen.” Holmes suddenly eyed John, looking him up and down. “Except for you. I would’ve thought you were a Hufflepuff.”
“Let them stare,” John decided, looking away. “I’m allowed to sit with my friend, aren’t I?”
“Alright!” John shouted back. “See you at the Feast!” He turned and began to run for the carriages, but someone was blocking his way and he accidentally rammed into the small figure, knocking them both to the ground. “Sorry, so sorry! Didn’t see you!” John scrambled up, ignoring his aching knees and the scraped heels of his palms, and held out a hand for the person still sprawled on the ground.
Holmes’s gaze sharpened. “Sherlock doesn’t have friends,” he said.
“I wasn’t going to fight them and I don’t have to. I wouldn’t resort to such plebian acts. I would have destroyed them another way.” There was a new chilling quality to his voice. “I can take one good look at them and deduce their life’s story in under two minutes. I could’ve stripped them raw, left all their secrets out in the open. I could ruin them without even lifting a finger.” There was a raw, burning light in the depths of those bright eyes. “I could have brought them so low, they never would’ve been able to crawl out of the pit I put them in.”
Attempts to corner the boy had been failures as well, for Holmes always managed to slip away once class was dismissed or whenever he and John were in the same vicinity. If John didn’t know better, he would’ve thought Holmes was trying to avoid him. But there was a niggling feeling in the back of his mind that said that that might actually be the case.
“Need it? I don’t
"Yes, that's me." He looked her over, briefly wishing he had Sherlock's powers of observation so that he could deduce what she wanted with him.
Before he could make a decision, however, they've arrived. Sherlock gets out first and John follows, his feet feeling like they were being weighed down and his heart had become unbearably heavy.
“What? Aren’t I allowed to sit next to you?” John asked.
"The chocolate ones?"
“Oi,” he said with a half-hearted glare. “D’you know when I can talk to him then?”
"Because the soldiers needed me." There was no hesitation in Ross's answer.
They wandered through the castle, taking twists and turns and going up and down staircases. They did not encounter any ghosts or prefects, nor did they come across Peeves or Filch and Mrs. Norris. The paintings they passed by all held sleeping occupants. No one would know the three of them had been there.
They dived for cover, but the grenade smacked right into the sand bags and the explosion shook them. John's teeth rattled from the shock and his ears nearly popped from the noise. For a second, he couldn't hear anything.
John stared at him, not quite sure of what Mycroft was trying to tell him. The man merely raised an eyebrow and John looked away, clearing his throat. "I will." He clambered out of the car and it zoomed away immediately after he shut the door.
But Lestrade didn't laugh. "You keep him in check, John. Without you, half the Yarders would've strangled him to death by now. You didn't know him before… he was completely obnoxious with no sense of sympathy and thoughtfulness. I mean, the sympathy thing is still missing, but he's a lot more compassionate. If you saw the difference like I do, you'll see that it's like two completely different people."
"Non-binding it may be, but it's still a promise to help save lives with the best of my ability and we both know I'm still more than capable of doing so, even with a bullet wound in my shoulder and a limp in my brain." John sucked in air, trying to think through the anger. "You don't know what it was like during the war, Mycroft. More people than I could count have died under my hands. But for every man I couldn't save, there were others I
“Ten Sickles says he’s Sorted into Slytherin,” James said, always eager for a bet.
It was only once he was on the plane, tucked away in a quiet corner, that John finally buried his head in his hands and let himself cry.
"When am I deployed?" She retrieves a second envelope from her pocket. "All the information you need will be stated in here."
,” Sherlock hissed, looking furious. “I thought you had a brother because girls generally tend to give other kinds of gifts, usually something of no practical value that tended to be sentimental.
“That, right there, was a lie. You do lie. A lot. And the longer you spend time talking, the less you’re eating. Eat.”
Sherlock hadn't sent any Christmas presents, only a letter atop a box of Mrs. Hudson's biscuits— which were a huge hit amongst John's unit. But he didn't need to send a present to make John happy. Just hearing from him was enough.
“You’re going to regret it more if you put another hand on him,” he retorted.
Anderson pulled out his wand and pointed it at John. “Stay out of this, Watson, and don’t you dare breathe a word about what you saw here or—”
"Fuck!" he heard Batista yell after him.
A short blonde girl shuffled to the stool and the Hat was placed on her head.
John snorted and rolled his eyes. “Right. Cut the bullshit, will you? It’s late, I’m tired, and I’m not playing any games.”
A slightly hysterical laugh bubbled out of John’s chest. Of course. Only Sherlock. “Your brother is a prat.”
John let out a reluctant chuckle. "Mycroft, I'll bet. And Sherlock too." He wondered why the Holmes brothers have been trying so hard to make sure the Army doesn't get in touch with him. "It must be really bad if the Army is asking a psychologically traumatized man to come back."
He only nodded. There were no words he could offer that would give her any comfort, so all he did was hold her and wait for the sobs and tremors to subside.
"Goddamnit, Sergeant!" John yelled, abruptly angry. "You can't just dump this on my head and expect me to come up with a reply on the spot!"
“He’ll be like the cat that got the cream.”
“Not too bad. You?”
Sherlock's eyes narrowed slightly and John fully expected him to demand an answer, but to his surprise, Sherlock turned away and looked out the window. "Very well, John. Out of regard for your feelings, I will not pester you, but your behavior is concerning and I would very much appreciate it if you would tell me what is bothering you."
“You don’t have to,” John said, frowning a little in puzzlement. “You don’t have to do something for someone to be friends with them. You just have to like them and trust them.”
"I can't do that, sir. You'll have to give me an answer right now."
"Not good?" Sherlock looked worried.
“I told you already,” John said patiently. “You’re my friend and if your prick of a brother doesn’t understand that, then I’ll sodding make him.”
John put the letters on his nightstand and laid back down, drawing the blanket over himself. He closed his eyes and Sherlock appeared in his mind's eye, striding around a body while firing off deductions at rapid speed, his eyes blazing and his hands gesticulating his words. There was always something fascinatingly stunning about Sherlock whenever he was at a crime scene and John suspected he had begun falling for Sherlock ever since the very first case they were on together.
She blew her nose and dabbed at her eyes. "John, listen to me." He crouched in front of her. "You must come back to Sherlock as soon as you can. He'll be devastated when you're gone, I know it."
"Watch out!" Singh bellowed and John was tackled from behind. He was knocked to the ground, his face pressed into sand and dust and blood. And not a moment too soon, for a grenade exploded barely ten feet away with an earsplitting noise and a cloud of dust.
"Of course." They let go and John turned away, heading for the main road.
She shook her head again. "You make him happy, John," she said. "Is it the same for you?"
"Unexpected how?"
"Dislocated shoulder," he grunted.
The golden platters suddenly filled with food and John wasted no time digging in, piling his plate with chicken and spare ribs and a baked potato. Pumpkin juice was poured into his goblet and he drank deeply to quench his thirst. For a while, he preferred to listen rather than talk as James and Sirius discussed with the Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team, Solomon Gaines, about practices.
Then suddenly Singh threw himself on top of him, shielding their heads with his arms. There was another earthshaking explosion and dirt and sand showered over them and John flinched as it landed in his eyes and mouth, reflexively closing them. Singh let out one terribly loud, pain-filled scream that echoed in John's ears. Then there was nothing but silence.
“Your relationship with your brother is slightly harder to read. Your vehemence against Donovan and Anderson, both bullies, say you harbor a strong dislike of them. Could be that you had experience defending others— most likely your brother; familial ties are far more revealing of a person— from bullies. Then there’s your watch. It’s cheap, hardly worth more than a few Muggle pounds, but it is well taken care of so it’s worth some sentimental value to you, so it’s a gift. Your parents could have bought it for you, but adults tend to spend a little more money to show their care and would’ve bought you something more durable and fancy. This watch, being so inexpensive, must have been paid for with a child’s pocket money so it must be your brother, if he’s around your age, who bought it for you. Your vacation abroad is shown by your tan. England this summer wasn’t sunny enough for sunbathing so you must have gone somewhere else for a decent length of time and, as you’re too young for business trips and your parents wouldn’t have brought you on one anyway, it must be vacation.”
"Watch over him, would you?" John abruptly asked. "Make sure he doesn't get killed doing something stupid."
Outside, the bell suddenly rang and John instinctively turned his head towards the sound. “I’ve got Potions,” he said. “With your House. I suppose you’re coming to class this time?”
"John?" Sherlock asked, looking confused. "Did you want to say something?"
Then it all went to shit.
"I have everything," John assured her. He grasped her hands. "I'll be fine," he said, smiling. "I'm only gone for a few months; I'll be back before you know it."
They turn to see James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew (the last two looking disgruntled as they were squashed against the other side of the carriage) staring at them. Lily let out a quiet groan.
There was a beat of silence.
“John, I just wanted—” He cut himself off and John looked back to see Sherlock looking frustrated. “It won’t happen again,” he eventually said.
"Get out," Sherlock said brusquely.
"Hold on, hold on!" John said quickly. He grabbed Batista's arm to stop him and the vehicle jerked to a stop. "I have to get to him."
“Hey, John! Where’re you going?” Peter was calling after him.
John threw him a warning look, but Sherlock seemed unperturbed.
"Sherlock!" John shouted, running after him. He dodged police officers and the remainder of the forensics team, all of whom were staring as he sprinted past them. By the time he got out of the house, Sherlock was already halfway down the block and had hailed a cab. "Sherlock!" He watched helplessly as Sherlock got into the cab and it drove off. "Damn it!"
“Goodnight.”
“He did have a dog when he was a child, but that is irrelevant.” Holmes fixed him with a stern glare. “Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock?”
"Shall I order a cab, then?"
Holmes paused. “You really think so?”
"I got you." John quickly got out his kit. "Look at me." He gave the boy a quick slap when he started to black out. "Tell me your name, age, anything." He hurried to treat the wound before the boy passed out.
“Done.”
“He’s been alone for most of his life, hasn’t he? He
John's jaw dropped at the unexpected thoughtfulness of the gesture. Sherlock looked at him. "Not good?"
Dessert materialized on the platters and John looked pointedly at Sherlock, who let out a loud sigh and helped himself to a bit of custard.
The kettle whistled and John prepared the tea before bringing it to his armchair. Sherlock's cup was put on the little table, but John sipped his while pensively staring out the window into the darkness. He waited.
“Oi, pick on someone your own size!” John said furiously. He hated bullies. They reminded him of how the Muggles back home tormented Harry for liking girls before John found out and pummeled them to a pulp for it.
“I don’t feel like eating,” the boy said simply.
“Oi, lay off of them,” Sirius Black snarled while Remus thumped John hard on the back. “Go find someone else to bother.”
“Not everyone has the time nor the patience to do that, Sherlock. People usually prefer to do other things.”
"He's going to miss you more."
"Yes," Sherlock said immediately. "Yes, please do."
Sherlock smirked and John could clearly see that he was relieved. “That will be an interesting sight to see.”
Touched, John looked up at him. "Are you sure? This is your—"
They laughed a little and stood in silence, basking in the warmth of their friendship. And John realizes, then, that Sherlock had, somehow, become his closest friend in only a few weeks. Not even James, Sirius, Remus, or Peter had managed this; the four always getting into some scrape or another while John held back from joining them. It wasn’t to say the Gryffindor third years weren’t close friends— far from it, actually— but with Sherlock, it felt slightly different. The trust and companionship between them felt closer, better even.
Holmes stared coldly down at him, then looked ponderously at his umbrella. “I must confess, your loyalty to my brother is rather unexpected.”
“Fancy seeing you here, Evans, Watson.”
“When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet, hence this place.”
Sherlock didn't look convinced, but something on John's face must have persuaded him to change the conversation. "What are you doing tomorrow?"
"I'll be at home most of the time, but sure. Of course."
"Watson?"
"Good. I'll ma—"
"Then cover me!" Without a second thought, he opened the door and leapt out.
"We've got a murdered couple in Vauxhall. I texted him, but he couldn't come."
“I can’t,” Remus said in a resigned voice. “Once they’ve got their mind set, there’s hardly anything I can do.”
"Same could be said for you."
"It's really nothing to worry about, John," Sherlock said once outside. "It was just an unexpected surprise."
“Good night, John.”
— who are dying in some godforsaken desert when I could've saved them and didn't lift a finger to help them. I couldn't save some of them before, but maybe this time I'll be able to. Maybe I'll fail, but I won't know unless I try. I
Anthea smiles again and John felt something sharp poke his back. He cursed. He’d been so preoccupied with Anthea he forgot about the sixth year boy.
“It’s very useful,” Sherlock said with a touch of pride. “For example, I created a room in my mind palace ten minutes ago using this classroom as its basis and filled it with information I’ve gathered about you.”
“Er, among the people I know, they just talk about Quidditch and schoolwork. The older boys talk about girls.”
"I know," John said, almost snapping. He shook his head. "Sorry, I just—"
"Sherlock's… fine," he said, and even to his own ears his voice sounds strained. "Mycroft's watching over him. Er, look, there's something you have to know…"
Holmes smirked. “I’ll tell you if you tell me why you were following me.”
"No, right!"
“I don’t really care.” The bespectacled boy suddenly turned to John. “Hey, John, what did you do to get Evans to like you so much? I can’t say five words without her wanting to rip my head off.”
“Yeah, it wasn’t much. Just had a few things to take care of, that’s all.” John sat back down in his chair. Remus eyed him speculatively, but John only grinned. “What did I miss?”
John fished it out of his pocket and Sherlock snatched it from his hand, nearly ripping it in his haste to open it. "Careful," John said weakly.
He sniffed. “I’m not in Slytherin.”
John didn’t disagree. “So you know all about me, but I don’t know a thing about you.”
As John wheezed after coughing up his bean, Sherlock eyed Kitty Riley, who had scuttled back to the Slytherin table. “I wonder if I should mention that—”
“Think of something else.”
But John did not miss the tiny but entirely delighted smile that spread over Sherlock’s face once he thought John wasn’t looking.
But Sherlock didn’t look concerned. “You’ve been watching me quite a bit,” he commented, raising an eyebrow.
The lights turned off.
“Come on, Remus. People would
"A summons. You are to be called back to active duty."
But on his way there, he suddenly heard voices coming from one of the abandoned classrooms on the first floor. Though muffled, he could tell the voices were far from friendly. Then there was the sound of something hitting a hard surface and a crash.
"Two days?" John asked sharply, disbelievingly. He sighed angrily. "Understood."
"Don't look like that." He wanted to touch him.
John’s jaw dropped as he realized Sherlock was right and the younger boy smirked. “Why didn’t I think of that?”
Something heavy settled in John's stomach. "Mycroft texted you, didn't he?" Damn him. Did he think John wouldn't be able to tell Sherlock himself? Damn him.
"Is that why you yelled at—"
Now. He could say it now. "No," John said, shaking his head.
"I'll be fine," he said before she could say anything. "But I need you to watch over Sherlock for me when I'm gone. I… sort of expected him to be angry, but not this mad. I don't know what he'll do when I go." He paused. "Mycroft and Greg keep telling me he's going to miss me when I'm gone and I personally don't believe them, but they know him longer than I have so I don't really know what to believe."
“We’re watching you, Watson,” she said, sticking her face close to his. “You’re going to regret this.”
John dimly registered that Lestrade and Anderson had left, leaving the two alone with the bodies. "I was only told today, when a Sergeant Joyce Brandon approached me while I was walking home from the market. The Army has been sending me letters and sending people to talk to me, but Mycroft has been intercepting them. Because of his interference, I only have two days before I have to go."
Sherlock, with his standoffish attitude, was harder to approach. John, however, was bombarded on all sides by people wanting to know everything, from whether John was pretending to be Sherlock’s friend so the Ravenclaw could do his homework for him to whether he and Sherlock were secretly dating. The last question, posed by an especially nosy 7
Anderson was the last to go. He glared at John as he passed, who glared back until the 5
“Who are you?” he asked, a little rudely.
"Have you any idea," Mycroft said, an undercurrent of some indescribable and painful emotion in his voice, "what this will do to my brother?"
She swung open and he walked in, heading straight towards the cluster of armchairs by the fire, where James and the others were still sitting. Remus looked up as John approached. “John, you’re back. Is everything alright with McGonagall?” The others stopped what they were doing.
A string of curses and expletives streamed from John's mouth as he punched in a text.
“But I like yours. The potions always turn out better in them for some reason.”
“You should probably ask her that yourself.”
“Is something wrong?” Sarah Sawyer, a fellow third year and the brunette who was sitting next to Holmes earlier, asked kindly.
John looked at the remaining three tarts in the napkin and sighed before walking after the last of the students leaving the Great Hall. He followed two Gryffindor seventh years up the stairs and through the portrait of the Fat Lady. Almost nobody had stuck around to chat and the common room was close to empty. John walked up the stairs to his dorm and opened the door.
"I dunno. But they've stopped." He pointed at the vehicle in front of them.
“I know what it means,” John snapped. “It’s just that earlier you said you could deduce Donovan and Anderson’s life story in under two minutes. That’s not possible, unless you know how to read minds or something.”
John shook his head and she grasped his hands again. "Trust me, John. Without you, Sherlock will be lost." Her eyes searched his. "Do you know?"
"Sherlock, really, it's okay," John said. Sherlock's gaze flew to his and John held it. "It's fine."
Mycroft let out an annoyed sound. "Don't presume I've forgotten about your military record, Dr. Watson."
"You've had your fun already. You get out," Anderson snapped.
“I don’t know Legilimency and I have no desire to, not when I can deduce your father’s military career in the Muggle’s Army, your position as Beater on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team, your vacation abroad, and your close relationship with your brother.”
John met his look head-on. “Yes.”
The vehicle he was in suddenly slowed then stopped abruptly, jolting John from his thoughts. "What's going on?" he asked Batista.
Greg snorted. “You Gryffindors. Always risking your bloody necks looking for some harebrained adventure. You’re turning out to be as bad as Potter and his friends, John.”
“Don’t let Sirius catch you saying that or he’ll murder you.”
"Maybe you're bi."
A flicker of unease passed over Sherlock’s face, but it passed. He shifted and stood straighter. “I knew Mycroft was going to come after you sooner or later, so I put a Tracking Charm on you the day we became friends. He took longer than expected, though. He’s getting slow.”
A smile lit up Sherlock's face and he stood. "Would you like dinner? We can go to the Chinese down the block or Angelo's, if you'd like."
If he didn’t eat anything, then he’ll starve. John reached for a couple of tarts and wrapped them up in a napkin. He remembered the angry glare that was directed at him at the train station. Maybe Holmes would be more agreeable to accepting his apology if he had some sweets first.
he needs people he can trust around him, least of all you. So do us both a favor and
John and the rest of his House clapped as Victor Atterberry collapsed, trembling, next to Remus.
James groaned and Sirius seemed stunned as he watched Holmes lope over to the applauding Ravenclaws. “How did you know?” James asked John, fishing his money out of his robes.
Lestrade stared at him, then shook his head. "John, you really haven't noticed?"
"Goodnight, John," Sherlock said behind him.
“Don’t you know? Everyone knows Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes are on terrible terms with each other. Heard there was a sort of sibling rivalry that’s been ongoing for
“Yeah. They really seem to like each other. What about you? Petunia treating you well?”
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.”
"Then buy more when it does." Sherlock was already at the bottom of the stairs. "Come on, John!"
He stood in the living room of 221B in his uniform, rifling through his bag to check if he'd missed anything. Sherlock stood nearby, watching with an inscrutable expression. His face had been carefully blank all throughout the entirety of yesterday and this morning from the moment John had walked downstairs to a feast of a breakfast prepared by Mrs. Hudson to now, only three hours later.
"Of course he'll miss you," Mrs. Hudson whispered, taking his hands in both of hers. "He's so happy when he's with you, it's such a joy to see."
"It's bad, sir," Sergeant Brandon said grimly. "It's really bad."
During dinner after the third day of term, John had attempted to approach Holmes again, but he had been missing. In fact, the boy rarely showed up during mealtimes and every time he did, it was with a resentful look on his face as he picked at his food. John also saw, what nobody else did, that whenever Holmes showed up for meals, Mycroft Holmes also looked a little smugger than usual.
“971, in fact, but most have been forgotten or disregarded. If they weren’t, however, you would have been facing six days’ worth of detention for leaving your tie loosened.”
The boy shrugged. “There’s not much to know about me.”
“Winged pi— Hold on.
He scowls at the sarcasm. “Why couldn’t you have just asked to meet me like a normal person instead of more or less kidnapping me?” For now he knew that McGonagall hadn’t wanted to meet him at all.
John saluted her back and watched as she climbed back into the car, which drove away. Almost immediately after it left, another sleek black car took its place. This time, John knew without a doubt who it was.
Sherlock glared at him mulishly and continued to nibble at his food. Once done, he pushed away his plate with an air of finality. “Done. Satisfied?”
Sherlock nodded and just like that, the mask had been put back in place.
John knotted the napkin before tossing it at Peter, who fumbled to catch it. He pulled his pajamas from the trunk and drew the curtains around his bed before changing out of his robes.
The soldier tried to reach for him, but John grabbed his arm. "No."
"Captain Watson!"
on Sherlock? Why?”
"That's true." John fingered the scarf, feeling the fine material. "Thank you."
"I have your mail." Ross handed over a creased envelope and John smiled despite himself, seeing Sherlock's familiar script printed on the front.
Holmes looked affronted. “I had the situation under control,” he insisted.
John stared at the security checkpoint, suddenly frozen. He couldn't move, even to turn his head towards Sherlock. His mind raced. What should he say now?
“Or what, you’ll bully me too?” John said, his voice rich with scorn. “Go on, then. Beat me up. I’m not scared of you.” The hard, blazing look in his eyes revealed he was telling the truth.
Dinner finished soon afterwards and Dumbledore cheerfully sent them off to bed. James and Sirius led their little group out of the Great Hall, talking loudly about the recent Quidditch match in New Zealand. Sherlock lingered at the back, unwilling as ever to go to his dorm. He never said why, but John knew as well as the others that it was because he was alone and friendless there where he wasn’t anywhere else in the castle.
“I am perfectly content to stay the same height as I am now,” Sherlock said dismissively.
"No!" Sherlock said sharply. "No, that was not what I meant." He looked frustrated. "I meant… when we part…"
"I wouldn't be so sure of that, Dr. Watson." The car pulled to a stop in front of 221B Baker Street. John stared up at the second floor. He could see a tall silhouette moving around inside and his heart panged.
As they watched, a seam in the Sorting Hat seemed to split open as the patchy thing came to life and started to sing its customary song.
The cab stopped and Sherlock leapt out, leaving John to pay the driver. His mind was still whirling. What did Sherlock mean by making exceptions for only him? Despite his confusion, however, warmth was sweeping through him and a smile tugged on the corner of his mouth.
“I accept your apology. You’re quite persistent, if you must know.”
There’s always something.”
"Yes, of course," he said impatiently. "Shouldn't you go to sleep? You have a long day tomorrow."
“Come on, don’t exaggerate.” John raised an eyebrow but Sirius didn’t look like he was joking. Much.
"And for Queen and Country."
He wished he had the courage to find out before he left.
“’Night.”
John pounded the dashboard. "Then get us the fuck out!"
“Nothing much,” Holmes said silkily.
"Be quiet, Sergeant," he said sharply and Sergeant Brandon snapped her mouth shut. "I'll need to think about this."
Mrs. Hudson laughed and John quickly glanced at Sherlock, but the mask did not drop. He was, however, staring out the window with his hand clenched around the curtain. As if sensing John's gaze, he looked around. "Mycroft's car is here," he said quietly, his voice subdued.
He gave her a sharp look, but didn't say anything. Instead, he shouldered past them and disappeared upstairs. John gave Mrs. Hudson a helpless and frustrated look, then sighed. "I'll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Hudson."
John nodded, thinking of whenever he saw Holmes in classes. Every person who sat next to him or worked with him always looked highly disconcerted and whenever there were spare seats, everyone always made sure not to sit next to him. John occasionally wondered if Holmes was lonely, but the boy never gave any inclination he was.
"Come home soon."
"Goodbye."
“That’s not your real name is it?”
“My mind palace,” Sherlock said, tapping his head. “It’s a memory technique also known as the method of loci that allows me to quickly and effectively categorize and recall information in my brain through use of spatial memory. It’s child’s play to go into my mind palace and delete the Solar System from my memory.”
"Yeah, well, this is different. Listen, I need to tell you something."
“Yeah,” John said quietly. “Yeah, I like you. And I trust you too, if that’s what you were going to ask next.”
John Watson and Sherlock Holmes’s friendship became the main topic of gossip for the next three weeks. After the day John had rescued Sherlock (the news of the attack had spread like wildfire and Donovan, Anderson, and the other two with them had gotten detention for weeks) the two had been nigh on inseparable. They could be seen in class practicing spells and oftentimes bickering over a bubbling cauldron, bent over scrolls of parchment or dusty old tomes in the library, coaxing and bullying the younger boy to eat a few bites of food in the Great Hall, or even trying to teach one to fly while the other vehemently refused until John bodily picked Sherlock up and planted him on the broom in front of him and flew around the pitch until the boy stopped yelling expletives in a rare display of panic and lack of self-control. Professor McGonagall had docked thirty points from Sherlock for excessive swearing after they had landed and John had been given detention for manhandling another student.
"It's a trap!"
"Letter to your boyfriend, Captain?" another man asked, smirking slightly.
"It offered some astonishingly good advice, which might be worth following if I didn't think following the advice of a random slip of paper a complete waste of time." Sherlock unlocked the door of 221B and walked in.
"I'm not gay," he said, almost tiredly.
John nodded reluctantly, knowing what Holmes was saying was right. “What’s it to you, though?”
“I don’t know,” Remus said idly. For some reason, he was looking out the window. “I don’t care much for gossip.”
"That won't be necessary, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said from his spot by the window. "Mycroft will send a car."
"I'll be fine! Get back to the others!" Leaving a dislocated shoulder unattended was risky, but there were more people he had to help.
John yelped, then swore as he recognized the curls glinting under the light of the torches. “Sherlock. What are you doing here?”
Sherlock twitched, as if what John said startled him. “I’m… your friend?”
Sherlock nods. “He already sent me a couple invitations to the Slug Club, but I burned them. Nothing Slughorn offers interests me.”
He shook his head. “Mycroft always wants to control me and limit who I interact with.” He turns big blue eyes onto John. “Are you going to leave?”
Holmes smiled thinly, but there was no warmth nor humor in it. “Very astute, John. I see you’re already picking up my brother’s powers of observation and deduction.”
“Must be the brave and daring streak in me,” John said, grinning. “Why did you skive Astronomy? And why are you taking classes with third years?”
"On the contrary, I think it's exactly what the two of you need." Mrs. Hudson winked when he gave her a startled look. "You'll see when you come back."
"I will."
"Watson, we gotta get out of here!" Batista yelled. "We're like fucking sitting ducks!"
“As well as ever.” He only just caught the gloomy tone. “Tuney’s head of her class at school and she’s been rubbing it in my face all summer along with all the usual stuff.”
John warily watched him. "Sherlock?"
John knew what Lily meant by ‘usual stuff’. “Well she can’t be better than you,” he said encouragingly. “She may be top of her class, but you’re top of our year. And no one else’s as brilliant as you are here in Hogwarts.”
She put her hand to her head in a salute, which John mimicked. "Sir, I am Sergeant Joyce Brandon, here to give you this." She holds out a plain white envelope with his name on it.
"I had something important to do," John said vaguely, strapping himself into the seat.
Sherlock looked slightly confused. “You’re welcome, I suppose.”
“You probably have a bit of it in you, then. Sirius Black did say your family was more Slytherin than most.”
He pursed his lips and was quiet for a few seconds. “Your father’s military career,” he said eventually. “Your fight with Anderson proved that you are well trained in hand-to-hand combat, which is much more common with Muggles as Aurors rely on their wands more than physical prowess. I doubt you paid for classes, as your robes are secondhand and thus proves you came from a poor family, so someone you know trained you— the ready way you recovered and retaliated is indicative of rigorous training and familiarization to surprise attacks, so someone you live with taught you. Could be your brother or an uncle or even a cousin, but I doubt it. Whoever it is, and I am quite certain it’s your father, they would have been professionally trained, so he must have been in the Muggle’s Army. A teacher might have taught your father, but because he
