The first years were ushered into the Great Hall, and there was so much to stare at, the floating candles and the ceiling that looked like a night sky. The Sorting Ceremony was about to begin, and John felt his heart do a thing where it was apparently trying to escape his body in any way possible. Oh, he knew Sherlock had said Gryffindor, and Sherlock was amazing. He believed Sherlock, really he did. But what if he was wrong? What if John was sorted Hufflepuff, or worse, Slytherin? Harry had told him all about Slytherin - that was where all the Dark wizards came from. Mum didn’t like to talk about Dark wizards or Dark times, but Harry had come home brimming full of gruesome information, with John her eager little sponge.
But most sand stayed where it ought to, in the front hall and in the foyer, occasionally tracked into the entrance of the sitting room or perhaps the kitchen. Sometimes sand roamed into the bath, as sand was wont to do, especially when one had children - and occasionally a dog - shedding off the signs of the beach from that day.
The sun was at his back, warming him with its red-orange light.   His shadow stretched before him, growing longer and more distorted as the sun dipped lower and lower. He pedaled as fast as he could, as if he were chasing his shadow, the two of them trying to escape the setting sun. Gravel and sand crunched underneath his tires.
John clenched around him, gasped and moaned, hands clutching tight at Sherlock; his convulsing body and his leaking dick between them all the evidence that Sherlock needed to know that he was nailing his prostate with every single thrust.
“No!” John denied, with such immediacy and force that Sherlock smirked. Of course he’d only been teasing. John felt hot with indignation and annoyance and embarrassment but worst of all was the heat between his legs, the tugging in his gut. He wanted to push Sherlock off but not more than he wanted to stay just like this, and perhaps kiss some more.
The cave was easy enough to get to, with only a few rocks to climb over, and John was very careful where the rocks were wet and slippery. At the entrance of the cave, the water was only up to his shins, warmed by the sun, and the sand did indeed squish delightfully between his toes.
The Gryffindor table, of course, was nowhere near as receptive. As soon as John approached, all the empty seats suddenly disappeared, his Housemates’ backs turned to him, like elephants closing the gaps in the herd.
He pulled at John’s trousers with rough hands. He stripped him hurriedly and hastily, needing to see him, all of him, needing to touch him in all the places where he’d once been denied.
Tom snorted, the way one does when awoken halfway through a snore. “Go back to sleep, Hazel,” he mumbled. “I’m sure it was just the wind.”
Sherlock rested both his hands on the waistband of John’s red swimming trunks. “This comes off, right?” he asked. “Can I see?” He was curious, like a cat.
“Shhh, John, undercover!” Harry mouthed at him, with a finger to her lips. She winked at him once last time and then broke away, practically running up to the compartment door. It opened, spilling out a flutter of giggles that engulfed her and swallowed her up. The door closed behind her, and she was gone.
It was only a party, John considered saying for one ridiculous, panicked moment. They’d only been having a wand party, as you do, when a group of chums were thusly gathered together.
John’s mouth opened for him, and John’s eyes opened to look up at him. Sherlock pushed his cock into the willing wetness of his mouth.
John had applied to Stanford on a whim and a wish, not liking his chances. He had never expected to be holding the letter that ran:
“It's a bit different for boys, obviously - isn't that correct?” Sherlock prompts, and squeezes when John nods by way of answering. John, writhing beneath him, teeth at his lip to keep the sounds from escaping him, but when Sherlock bites and sucks at his neck he moans anyway - instinctive response.
Sherlock scowled at him.  Honestly.  After nearly a week of this, John still hadn’t caught on?  Sometimes he really was not all that bright.  “You really have no concept of what I’m doing, do you?  You haven’t the foggiest idea what I see when I look at you.” He growled in frustration.  “Here. Just look at this.”  Sherlock glanced down at his phone to unlock it, then thrust it forward.
John looked to see if his car was in the driveway. It was. The motorcycle was probably in the garage.
The house sold easily enough, to a well-off couple looking for an investment property. The Watsons had a bit of money saved up, to send the children to good schools when they were old enough. They dipped into that fund a bit, in order to help with the move.
What if by going over to Jeanette’s he had essentially rejected Sherlock. What if he had told him, inadvertently, that  he was going with her from now on. What if Jeanette was all he was meant to have now. Not that he had her anymore, either; not ever again.
In the night, he dreamt of a man with giant leathery wings,  watching over a dark castle, able to protect them both from all that was bad in the world.
He hopped onto his bike and pedalled as hard and as fast as he could, as if someone were chasing after him, and if he were to slow down for even a moment, then he might finally be caught.
The first time they’d had penetrative sex, Sherlock had been careful and slow with him like this, lighting him up nerve by nerve till John’s entire body was a single yearning vibration of greed. Now his stare was setting John on fire too, penetrating him as thoroughly as his touch, dissecting every breath, every twitch of his cock, the flex and flutter of his stomach muscles as John fought to swallow his moans.
“No one’s following you,” Sherlock said. Or at least John thought he said. It was very hard to hear him over the clang of his wrench banging against an old engine.
“I don’t know!” whispered Tom, who wisely did not accuse Hazel of being the one who had forgotten to lock the door. “I do know that door was locked. There must be some explanation.”
“Fine!” John said again, instead, and turned and walked away, leaving Sherlock all alone on the middle of the floor.
with boils I won’t really be running,” said John. “I might be crawling painfully on the floor and crying...”
“Sherlock in the sky with diamonds,” Victor tells him, half sing-songing it. “Something stupid I made up in uni. It annoyed the shit out of him. We used to do a lot of drugs.”
, and then, inexplicably, the warmth in the pit of his stomach and the rising flush to his cheeks the longer those eyes lingered upon his skin.
John’s reply was a distracted, “Mm,” not on any list of acceptable acknowledgements of displays of affection. Sherlock was certain it didn’t even count as acknowledgement.
“-then he is big enough to endure a little mild discomfort,” she finished, nonplussed. Sherlock let out a hiss through his teeth that made John giggle a little; he was doing a rather good impression of a very angry teakettle.
His breath like autumn, that voice so low and close as if the words were coming from inside John’s head,  “You want me, even if you haven’t the words for it.  The way I make you feel.”
Sherlock walked over to his car - a flashy 1958 Ford T-Bird, red with silver trim - and unbuckled the hood prop, closing the hood with a slam. He turned around to look at John, expectantly, as if to call his bluff.
“And if I can’t keep experiments under the bed I want to keep them in my drawer at least, I can put charms over the drawers so nobody sees or smells, so I don’t see why I can’t,” Sherlock said, clutching the slug to the front of him.
Tension stretched across John’s shoulders while he made tea, his neck prickling with the sensation of eyes upon him. Paranoia? The flat seemed empty, but John knew better, especially against this particular adversary.
Sherlock collapses beside John, panting still, the beat of his own heart loud in his ears, eyes wide but unable to focus. Saturn is above them. The whole solar system is above them. The mobile that hangs above John’s bed sways lazily in the breeze, the planets waltzing in slow circles, suspended from string.
The sheets were cool, underneath the blankets, and it would be a few minutes before they would warm up again. His heart was still pounding, erratically. Nonsensically. It would be a few minutes more before it calmed down again.
Oh no, was she going to write Mum and Dad and tell them what happened? Was she going to tell them, even, that he’d gotten
“Right, time to go home,” said Sherlock tightly. “Come along, John.” He tugged on John’s arm, not in a particularly forceful way, really, but then found this action caused the opposite reaction of John stumbling and sprawling up against him.
It occurred to John then that Sherlock must have been from one of those pure-wizarding families if he hadn’t heard of batteries. That made him all the more impressive; even if mum was magic, they certainly hadn’t been raised that way, and it was like Sherlock was a magical creature, like Merlin from one of John’s books.
John had asked her if she was planning a party. She had grinned at him and replied that yes, she was, but the guest list was
They counted together, then, and on three, John pulled while Sherlock pushed, and John pulled harder than he’d ever pulled before, like he was trying to beat Harry in a game of tug of war (which he always lost), but he pulled with all his might and Sherlock pushed and there was a lot of splashing until John ended up falling backwards, flat on his back with Sherlock squirming on top of him.
John looked confused for a moment, but Sherlock didn’t blame him. Mycroft was particularly hard for most people to comprehend.
“Am I going to have to get stitches?” John asked Madam Pomfrey calmly as she tsk’d over his black eye and the swelling gash on his forehead.
His eyes flickered open, to the cross above his bed, thought of his mother downstairs, of his sister down the hall, and he knew he should not, he ought not, he could not, would not.
John made an abortive sound, as though he’d been about to protest and then thought better of it. Instead, he reached up to stroke a hand up Sherlock’s neck--John was always so fascinated with Sherlock’s neck--while Sherlock licked soothingly at his abused flesh.
The three of them got ready for bed, each one of them settled in for the night. John gently touched the amulet around his neck.
The roads seemed longer than he remembered, and hillier somehow, but he pumped his legs, refusing to slow down. He could not slow down.  His heart raced, and sweat beaded upon his brow and at the back of his neck, and breath entered his lungs in quick huffs of cooling autumn air.
,” Bill groaned. He dodged the next smack. “Hey! I just said I’d offer up my safety  and well-being for John! No more hitting!”
John couldn’t catch his breath. He couldn’t look away from Sherlock, wound up too tight to move in whatever Sherlock had done with his voice, the images he’d conjured. If he moved...it felt like he might unleash something he didn’t know how to handle.
"Didn't they say his mother was a house elf?" Mike said, in what John was certain was a terribly misguided attempt to be helpful. "I'm sure it was that."
“Almost ten hours, if you went to sleep right when you said you were going to bed,” Victor replies. He flips the bacon in the pan effortlessly. “You were tired. I didn’t want to wake you. How do you like your eggs?”
He paused by his chair. A newspaper lay folded and waiting on the arm, a polite gesture from his flatmate. No, not just flatmate, his...More-than-just-a-flatmate. If his brain could have coughed, it would have. Years of determined, insistent heterosexuality tended to do that to a person’s brain. (Said brain had no problem imagining said person in sweaty bedroom antics with very male More-than-just-a-flatmate, however, but that was neither here nor there.) John was still coming to terms with the term. He had
Now, he understands, when a voice so awfully familiar says, “I have been waiting for you for so long"  - melodic and deep, and terrifyingly triumphant.
He opened his trunk and started tossing things haphazardly inside of it, occasionally missing and generally making a great big mess of the dormitory. He decided he liked it. Messes were satisfying.
What he didn’t understand was the laughter that had started to follow him in the halls, Monday at school.
Sherlock showed up only briefly for lunch and dinner. He took a few items of food and then disappeared. Nobody paid much attention. Later John found out that he went to eat alone in the Library.
The world continued to change its face in the fading light, the shadows shifting.  John had never been outside this late before, had only ever seen his own street growing dark from the windows of his house. The road he’d biked so many times before suddenly seemed unfamiliar. Was he lost?  Had he been down this street before? Maybe he’d taken a wrong turn somewhere, although, logically, he knew he’d only gone straight.
"Don't be obtuse, it's not a good look on you," John says. At Sherlock's scowl, he adds, "Especially not on you."
“She said it happened all over the place. So many people from her town. Kids. Adults. Even the school
“Hoping your neighbors won’t call the police on the burglar in the tree,” John said as he climbed in. “This is a nice neighborhood.”
Sherlock.” He took a step closer, hand out to cup Sherlock’s cheek. “You’re...well, just look at you. How could I ever be ashamed of you?”
It was all Harry’s fault. She had gotten her letter two years prior and, consequently, had become absolutely
He had not come to school with an innate hatred of Gryffindors, really, the way that they had seemed to all come to school with anti-Slytherin prejudice. It was as if they had all been read bedtime stories of the Big, Bad Dark Wizards and how that they had all come from Slytherin and there had been Dark Times.
Sherlock said nothing, only waited. One button, two buttons, three left. John’s shirt slid open, and then off easily enough. Deliberately, he dropped it to the floor. Let it be dirty.
“You have to stop following me,” he later confronted Sherlock, who was in his lab/garage. Sherlock Holmes was the only person John knew with a lab-slash-garage. “I don’t need a chaperone on my dates.”
“John Watson,” said the figure in an ominous tone. He whirled around then, to face John, his robes swirling around him as he did; they flowed out, dark and graceful, before settling gently to the ground.
He could feel himself sweating under the stiff, starchy collar of his white shirt as they entered the building; partly because Momma had fixed his tie too tight and mostly because he rather thought he might burn up in the House of God. As soon as he stepped upon that crimson carpet he might light up, like a beacon, so that all would know his sin, or perhaps the priest would see the workings of the Devil in him, and seek to cast it out.
“Don’t you dare go near the water,” Harry warned him, “you just sit here and...build sandcastles or something, whatever it is you do.” She was meant to look after him, Mummy said, but John didn’t know how much looking after a person could do when her eyes were very busy looking at this pretty girl with warm brown skin and dark hair, and her pretty little pink polka-dot bikini.
But then Sherlock grew quiet again, because, really, wow was the only word for it. Sherlock was used to castles and magic and portraits that were people and not even t.v.s but real people and despite all this Sherlock went quiet and it was a
Then John took up his pail and shovel - because a weapon was necessary, for adventures, and a shovel was as good as any.
“Maybe,” Sherlock said, a little annoyed at being laughed at. He bit John’s scar, making John gasp, which, of course, made Sherlock feel a bit better.
I want to grab your hips and pull you down onto my cock and take you slowly, with your legs wrapped around my waist, until you’re a squirming, sweating mess inventing entire new ranges of sexual sounds with which to express your pleasure and need.”
They’re still laughing when they’re escorted out of the pub by the bouncer, so intoxicated that they can barely walk. They cling to each other in the dirty street, each one holding the other up, lamplight shining on the tears that streak their faces.
Sherlock says, “No,” against his mouth, and everything in John’s body crashes spectacularly. It’s horrible. It’s unfair. John now knows what it feels like to be kissed. He cannot simply go back to his previous life of being un-kissed, never-kissed, not knowing and not wanting. How did anyone live their lives, really, knowing this feeling and then not wanting?
His tongue adhered and rippled against the curve of the spoon, practically fellating it as he sucked, and then pulled away to carefully trace the edge.  He drew delicate slow-healing trails through the viscous fluid with just the tip of his tongue, and then caught the resulting drips and drew them back into his mouth.  At one point, he simply stuck the spoon in his mouth (his hot, wet mouth), sucking at it hard enough to make the stem waggle, and moaned softly in delight at the sweetness.
Lying wins him a wide-eyed look, over-eager kiss. No prospects for the future, the guidance counselor had said, but what was the future?
“Ah,” said the Head Boy, who looked, infuriatingly, even more amused. “Could it be that you’ve decided to trust Sherlock Holmes, of all people?”
“John!” Hazel immediately reached into the tub and yanked him out, dousing herself with a wave of still-warm water. Water spilled all over the bathroom floor, soaking into the rugs. He was completely limp in her arms. No matter how she shook him, he did not respond.
The metallic clang rang down the hallway, the heavy thud of two bodies pressed against the locker door.
They ate breakfast together, each on their own side of the table but with legs stretched out and feet brushing as they shifted and reached for their tea, for the paper, just to work out kinks. The quiet was a warm blanket around their shoulders, and lasted to the dregs of John’s very boring, very soggy cornflakes when Sherlock had set the paper down and reached across to weave his fingers in with John’s.
” said Sherlock finally. “You need to know what it’s like to work with a competent partner for once. It certainly can’t
He would taste the cigarettes on her breath later, when she hedged him up against a wall and kissed him. He would discover that he liked looking up at her. She was a very handsome girl. With her grey eyes and long dark ponytail and her long, coltish legs, she was far too striking for an ordinary word like “pretty.”
And so he drinks, and he smokes, and he drags, and even after winning five races in a row half-juiced on whiskey while chain-smoking cigarettes he’s still ready to tear screaming out of his own skin.
“God was created by man, to fend off the unknown; a being born from fear,” Sherlock intoned; as convincing as any preacher. Perhaps more so, for he spoke of rationality, rather than religion. “Do not let it rule you.”
It was very hot on the beach, with the sun beaming down on John’s back and shoulders and warm in his golden hair. The water glistened, the sunlight sparkling on it as if someone had upended a jar of coins all over the rolling blue blanket of ocean, like the time when John had emptied his piggybank all over his bed - only this was a hundred, million times more vast.
Jeanette called him, not bothering to hide the scorn in her voice. Their house was white with violet-blue shutters and a lime green door. They grew daffodils and lilies in the garden. Pink flamingoes perched, one-footed, on the lawn. Jeanette’s life was caged in by a white picket fence.
“If you come now,” he said, “Maybe I’ll have to leave you for a few hours, with the cock ring and one of the big toys inside of you. I did want to head down to the morgue today. Maybe you could learn some endurance while I’m gone.”
The police cruiser rolled slowly down St. Peter St., its black and white hood glinting in the late September sun. The children playing in the street scattered upon its approach, like pebbles in the wind. In front of No. 51 a group of girls paused their game of marbles, looking up from where they sat with their skirts spread out in the dirt.
John watched Sherlock sit at the counter and order a strawberry milkshake even though he really preferred chocolate malts. Sherlock looked up; their eyes met. It was magnetic, that pull. North pole to south pole. He felt it tugging at his core. His insides were hot magma.
He waited, patient in the half-circle of Sherlock’s arm, till Sherlock had the camera held up and positioned the way he wanted it. Putting his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders for stability, with Sherlock’s hand a steadying pressure at the small of his back, he went up on tip-toe for a sweet, lingering brush of lips. He could feel himself blushing again, but that was all right. It felt good to kiss Sherlock like this, in front of a ‘witness.’ In the camera’s steady black eye, they belonged to each other. It was a thrilling sort of knowledge.
A common legend is that they used to burn homosexuals at the stake, although there is no substantiated evidence for this claim. No one actually knows the origin of the derogatory term “faggot”; although people use it easily enough, in derision, in mockery, in fear.
"But the slugs..." John said. "Well, now they're all getting away." He paused, watching the slugs for a moment. "Um. I think.”
He really wanted to look at John’s scar again, to trace that white line of scar tissue underneath his fingertips and try to pinpoint every entry the needle had made into his skin. He wanted to see all the interesting scars and marks John had; the stories they would tell about what John had possibly been doing when he’d gotten them, or what stitches may been done to sew all those terrible little holes shut again.
John had the most unreasonable objections sometimes. (There was quite a noticeable body in the photo, of course, but it was not the one that John was thinking of. ) Sherlock frowned. “What
(It didn’t matter if John liked girls, too, or how much he bleated, “I’m not gay!” It all ended the same.) Who knew if it was contagious?
California. Land of sun and beaches lined with palm trees, the white letters of HOLLYWOOD standing proud over green hills. The place where dreams came true. He knew nothing about California other than what he’d seen on TV, where the sunlight was so bright it turned stretches of sand into glowing swathes of white. It had looked just like paradise to a young John Watson, who, at 8 years old, knew little outside of a farmhouse, an annoying little sister, a distracted mother, and a father who smelled of whiskey and had a fondness for the belt.
“There’s only a little bit left,” Sherlock told John, and smoothed his fingers through soft blond hair, petting him. “You can lick it for me, can’t you? Show me how you use your tongue.”
They turn on all the lights. When John next looks at the clock it is suddenly 8 pm already; he puts in an order for takeaway from their - his - favourite Chinese restaurant just down the road.
The walk to Professor Hudson’s office seemed like a particularly long one, despite the fact that it was a Sunday and none of the staircases had decided to reroute themselves. John plodded along, each step heavy on the castle flagstone, and understood the term “Dead Man Walking” for the very first time in his life. Even the suits of armour that lined the hallways seemed to gaze pityingly at him as he passed. He hadn’t even gotten to have a good breakfast; porridge and kippers this morning! Wet mashed oats and little fish were going to be his Last Meal before he left Hogwarts forever.
He brought the issue up a few days later, on a Sunday afternoon. John was in the sitting room; Sherlock could hear him, clacking away with his two-fingered typing. The mere sound of it was exhausting.
“No, you are,” the boy replied with certainty. “You favour your left side when you walk, a slight limp from a recent injury. It’s not something that bothers you or slows you down, really, and you are in good physical condition otherwise. You roll your ankle gingerly when you sit, something taught in physical therapy, an ankle injury, not a broken leg then, and your light tan shows that you spend a lot of time outdoors, for many hours in the summer months, which was the only way that you could possibly tan like that. Which means the mechanism is likely sports. You have no trouble pulling your trunk, though, you have good upper body strength, especially in your right arm, likely built up from using crutches. No Skele-Gro for you, then, so you’re Muggleborn or at least Half. But you’ve strapped your wand at your side in the ready position like older wizards do, even though you’ve never used it, even though you wouldn’t have the faintest clue what to do with it once you had it, you’re still ready to draw it at a moment’s notice. You are ready for danger. That makes you either very brave or very stupid. Probably both. You came in here on your own, and you’re not afraid of me, and you’re upset but you’re trying to hide it - you miss your parents already - so you’re brave, and loyal - what more do you need? Have I got anything wrong? Gryffindor.”
“Yes, but you haven’t taken a picture of it.” John glowered at him. “Those things have a way of getting on the internet.”
Instead of speaking, John’s own hands go to the collar of his shirt. His bowtie is already undone, his suit jacket in a soft heap on the floor, the pink carnation in the buttonhole crushed.
Sherlock smiled down at him, squeezing him lightly in his arms. “Don’t worry. I’m sure you’ll warm me up soon.”
“Rather the idea,” Sherlock hummed into his ear as he rocked into him for a few thrusts, nice and easy, before he slammed forward again.
But most of all he wanted to know what went on inside John’s brain. He wanted to open it up and have a peer around, run his fingers over it until it told him all sorts of stories too. That part he could not see or touch and he did not understand.
Under Professor Hudson’s expectant look, the boys put their wands away, shuffling their feet and some of them even had the grace to look a bit abashed.
“Oh,” said Sherlock, visibly relieved. John smiled. “That’s all right, then,” Sherlock said. He smiled tentatively back at John, an expression that was slow, a great deal shyer than before and slightly crooked, almost unsure. It was nothing like that great big toothy smile he’d given John earlier, but this one made John feel warm all over.
Sherlock’s hand found one of John’s, pressed it down against the pillow, pinned it there and interlaced their fingers. He looked into John’s eyes as if he could stare into dark blue irises, the wide black pupils, and slowly extract all of his thoughts, his secrets, and he thought, hard,
They find a box full of newspapers delivered but unread, pages bundled up and still crisp in their plastic wrap. John builds the fire while Victor hands him the papers, one by one. They watch as fire eats up the headlines: “Suicide of Fake Genius” consumed by flames.
And John closes his eyes and listens: to the rhythm of Sherlock’s breath, how it hitches and catches. He listens to the loudness of his own heart, and remembers, all over again, how to breathe.
Sherlock easily pushes two fingers into John's mouth to rub around on that perfect scrap of tongue. John looks up at him but he does not protest, only sucks lightly.
Sherlock smiled at him, and his fingers massaged his prostate gently, as if trying to soothe a hurt.
When he’d argued with friends before it had been over toys, what game to play, who had cheated, who had won. This was a something different, something terrible and real,  a hot feeling in his chest but also heavy and hard, stuck in his throat. Because the thing was, Bill probably didn’t even mean anything by it. Bill was afraid of Sherlock, for sure, and he was certainly afraid for John because Bill cared about John. But the casual way Bill so easily accepted ‘All Slytherins are evil’ - the way that they both did, Bill and Mike, the way that even John had, because everyone knew it to be true - that was so hugely unfair John could not even begin to describe it. It was these little things, these tiny things that everybody accepted and everybody thought was okay that led to Sherlock being treated the way he did, that made people cheer Carl on. In the end John did not even know who or what he was angry at, only that he felt awful, and his fists bunched up the white hospital sheet and his whole body shook and hurt.
Tom rustled the paper next to her, reading the weekend sports pages. Hazel sighed and went back to her book,
There’s silence in the space between them, the space between their breaths. Anything is a possibility in the space between their breaths.
The streetlamps slowly glowed on. The trees that bordered the quiet road seemed taller as the sky grew darker, lengthening with the shadows, blocking out light. The darkness was encroaching all around him.
Let him be a crime scene; let John be the criminal. Let John be the body and the blood; let Sherlock be the examiner and the murderer. Let him worship at the altar. Let them be sinners both.
“Oi, Prefect Lestrade!” Bill called, across the room. “Good eye! You could be a Quidditch talent scout. I mean, John’s like, freakishly small, he’ll be wonderful!”
That was the truth of it: Sherlock had him. He’s always had him, no matter the lies that John had knitted around his own heart. From the first wonder to the last miracle, from the first corpse to the last kiss. And when they kissed, how Sherlock had him, and had him, and had him.
- and the sour/sweet smell of the wine she’d been drinking. John thought that she’d never looked so beautiful, blue eyes crinkled with smile lines, blonde hair a halo of soft waves around her face when he looked up at her, all of her made golden by the kitchen light. She was so graceful, her skirt blooming like a flower at every turn. They were twirling, laughing together, John getting dizzy from all the spinning, his mother already dizzy from the wine. He’d been eleven years old at the time, her little man.
Three little words, Irene had said. The easiest lie. Sherlock can see himself saying them, can taste the words in his mouth. He has certainly said them before to get what he wanted. But he opens his mouth to say them now, and he can't.
Sherlock pushed his shirt aside and licked a lazy, slow circle around John’s nipple, and then opened his mouth, just
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to be taken aback. “Oh,” he said, and felt the heaviness ease out and slip away. “I never thought of it that way before.”
. And if John was really lucky then sometimes he got in to watch the movies for free, even the ones that were deemed inappropriate for audiences younger than 13.
Sherlock paused, and then added, ”Unless, of course...you happen to be scared of a little glowy light."
"Mike, he's not Darth Vader," John meant to chide, but he couldn't help giggling a bit because it wasn't a completely unfair comparison. Sherlock just needed a helmet, really. And perhaps some height.
Of course. Sherlock nodded with sympathetic understanding. “That explains why you never had a problem with it before.”
“‘Of course they are,” said the boy, and drew himself up a little bit higher. “That’s why this compartment is entirely empty.” He said it as if it were such a blatantly obvious fact that John should have felt stupid, but he didn’t. The idea that anybody would be afraid of this amazing boy was stupid. “Haven’t you any idea who I am?”
“I’ve got you,” says Sherlock. His voice is a low, comforting hum in John’s ear. The words buzz around inside John’s brain, going fuzzy as they melt into memory.
John’s chest arched forward, ropes around his pectorals making a pretty presentation of his nipples. They were hard and swollen from Sherlock’s cruel twisting and teasing, turned puffy and pink.
There was always tomorrow, John told himself. It was okay. It wasn’t like he was disappointed or anything like that, that would be silly.
“Look,” the young man said, quenching his thoughts. “It’s only going to get darker. It sure isn’t getting any earlier. And I bet you’re a mile, maybe two, out from home still. That’s no trouble to me at all, but you’ve already scraped up your knees and your bike’s unrideable. That’s a real long way to walk alone in the dark.”
He had only said murder, of course, because that was how the saying went. But Sherlock perked up at the word and turned a look onto him that was very intense and very bright and John really thought that Sherlock was one of the weirdest and most fascinating people he had ever met.
He expected John to cut out with his heels on fire.  “I’m not gay,” he expected John to say, eyes wide and rabbit-scared, hand trembling before it turned into a fist.
“Just because someone’s in our House doesn’t mean we have to like him,” said John, who had figured this out about Carl from the first night with all the frogs. “And just because someone’s not in our House doesn’t mean we
John arches and exposes the curve of his neck; Sherlock feels the rapid, skittering pulse of his carotid artery underneath his lips. A small sound, a sharp intake of breath, when Sherlock undoes the button on his trousers, the zipper hissing as he tugs it down. An uncertain “Sherlock...”; a twitch of his hips when Sherlock slips his hand inside. His need, his want obvious in the hardness and heat of his cock in the palm of Sherlock's hand, and Sherlock has been patient and understanding far too long.
“Jerk,” John says again. Sherlock smiles up at him, that smile that always made John’s gut clench, long before he knew what the feeling meant.  Sherlock says, “Shut up so I can kiss you,” and John refuses, because they’re both in the mud (dirt, corrects Sherlock) and the next motel has got to be miles and miles away yet, and they’re still out in the open, and Sherlock is a madman, and then Sherlock kisses him anyway, cutting him off mid-word. It’s a stolen tactic - John had discovered this first, when Sherlock was being particularly insufferable one day, bored out of his skull and reciting different iterations of chemical compounds in dangerous combinations, and John had kissed him to stop him thinking.
The next thrust is hard because Sherlock needs it and John does too.  John yelps in response but his dick twitches and drools precum between them. Sherlock builds up the next several thrusts, simply enjoying the slide in and out, John hot and tight all around him, the idea of it nearly overwhelming in itself. He wishes he could pull back to watch, to see his dick sliding in and out of the tight little hole for the first time, but John is clinging too tightly to allow for that. He watches John's face instead, the crease of his brow, his panting, open mouth, fluttering lashes and flushed cheeks.
But not today. John wasn’t ready yet. Transported by the possibilities that lay in wait for them, Sherlock pushed up to place a soft kiss on John’s lips, and took note of the hazed, lost look in his eyes. Some confusion, of course, but he could also see that, dazed and overwhelmed, John was beginning to sink into his rapture.
“Then I fail to see the point in starting another blog.” He pirouetted easily out of John’s reach, amused by his attempts at snatching it away. “If you’re starting another blog about your personal life, why not include a photo of yourself as well?”
"Just what are you doing with your life, son? You have got to start thinking about your future. Just look at Mycroft. Why can’t you be more like your brother?"
Their mouths pressed against one another, their lips and tongues moving wetly against each other, John was dimly aware of Sherlock gently prying the camera from his hands and setting it aside on the carpet. He let it happen, his hips pressing against Sherlock’s as John rubbed their bodies together. He didn’t care what was happening as long as Sherlock kept up that thing with his
They were sitting underneath the window depicting the Scourging at the Pillar. Jesus loomed over John - tied to a marble column by his wrists, being flagellated before a crowd.
“Responsive,” Sherlock purred in approval against his chest, and smiled again at the vibration of John’s catch of breath. Oh, yes, John could be more responsive than either of them had even imagined. A shudder shook his body as he was almost overwhelmed with the desire to push, invade and plunder until he’d explored John’s full potential.
Sherlock kisses his ear, then the side of his face, then his neck and shoulder. His kisses are soft and wet. His chokehold is brutal, unrelenting.
John’s room is a fortress of innocence; palatial really, the way he’s constructed it for himself with his walls of summer-sky and movie posters, escapist windows into other worlds where he loses himself for a little while. Sherlock knows all about losing himself; in John’s skin and in his flesh, in the sound of John’s voice panting in his ear, those needy little sounds of desperation when Sherlock teasingly palms his cock. John’s skin is soft with youth but he doesn’t bruise easy, no, made of hardier stuff than that - and Sherlock knows with exacting sureness at what pressure he bruises - he’d taken it upon himself to personally acquire that most important bit of knowledge. John’s body like parchment inviting the bruising, mark him here, there, make sure he’s yours. Make it
“No, thank you,” Sherlock replied icily. “You’re far too slow to be able to keep up with me in any sort of project. You’d only get in the way and impede my progress. Potions is a very exact magic. One little mistake or missed measurement could ruin the whole brew, and it would take
him then, with his beautiful room gone to squalor, his stain-free, uncracked, unpatched, wallpapered walls shot full of arrows. On one wall the arrows were arranged in a happy face, the smile slightly crooked, mocking John with Sherlock’s casual destructiveness.
John had never seen inside Sherlock’s room before. He’d seen the inside of his car plenty, the inside of his garage, sure. He was even familiar with the inside of the treehouse that had been built for the Holmes boys when they were children (although he and Sherlock had done very adult things inside it). But just not Sherlock’s room. Sherlock did not like to be inside of his own house. He called it “suffocating.”
When the shirt comes off you can see the line of demarcation of the sun, bronzed skin of his arms fading into paleness at the shoulders from working outside. His chest is paler, Sherlock never having seen it but had deduced the tone and warmth of it.
It was too loud, too strong, to just be the water pushing against the rocks, and John spent just one second being startled, a little bit scared, before overwhelming curiosity washed that all away.
His mouth at John’s throat, at his throat - Just like in his dreams. But it was real now, the touch of Sherlock’s lips, his mouth, his tongue, the sharp scrape of teeth that made John gasp and shudder. The electric shock of pleasure, a convulsion - a sudden squeeze between his legs and Sherlock’s voice in his ear murmuring, “Shh, shh, not yet, John,” and the heady pulse, the throb, of delayed pleasure.
John was deep asleep now, his eyes flickering back and forth beneath his eyelids in what Sherlock recognised as Rapid Eye Movement. He very much wanted to touch them, to feel the shift and movement of eyes underneath skin underneath his fingertips, and with anyone else he would have. For the first time in his life, Sherlock restrained himself. Instead he let John sleep, watching his measured, even breaths, the subtle twitch of lashes against his cheeks. He very lightly touched the soft, unmarred skin that had once been a deep laceration until he’d helped heal it. His fingers gently brushed the one eye that had been inflamed and swollen shut, now smoothed out and even.
Sherlock appeared a little less than grateful. In fact, instead of looking at all grateful, like a normal person would, he had somehow chosen to look furious.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, as if this were the most obvious thing in the world. He was so bold. Unashamed. But really, what was there to be ashamed of? It wasn’t a crime to
“There’s room enough for at least six people here,” John said, clutching his books a little tighter against his chest. “Who’s it taken by, another Quidditch team? Because the Gryffindor one’s already sitting down.”
“Look, I like you,” Victor says. “I like living here with you. I don’t want...Christ, can’t believe I have to say this at my age - I don’t want to fuck everything up because I can’t keep my hormones under control.”
Little earthbound John Watson, he has Sherlock so cranked, so flipped, so frustrated he’s constantly on edge, mind racing, body racing, every nerve of him singing with tension, gears humming, churning, engine pumping, working wild, bent eight, 225 horsepower plus, flooring it at 80 mph burning rubber a hopped up storming machine.
But something inside of her stirred; a strange, off-kilter feeling as if her bones were on a tilt, as if the blood in her body were running backwards through her veins.
his eighth grade teacher had written. Now he’s a senior, four years later, and his lack of motivation is complete. He’s going to live fast, die young, and leave a desiccated corpse, or so Mycroft says.
And the woods, they were so quiet. John suddenly noticed because he himself had gone quiet, not moving, not even daring to breathe. There was no hum of insects, no birdsong from the trees above, no flies to buzz around the carcass. Only the whisper of the wind in the trees.
John smiles wryly. “I suppose that’s true. He was probably afraid we’d have too much to talk about, all his horrible bits and all.”
He approached slowly, edging along the cave walls, with his shovel brandished out in front of him and his pail as a shield. Slowly, his eyes began to adjust to the darkness, and that was when he made out the shape of a boy sitting amongst some large rocks.
"Shh," John said, and carded his fingers through Sherlock's hair, feeling the light dampness of fresh sweat. Sherlock said nothing, and squeezed him tight.
When she looked up again, Harriet and the girl - Carla - were doing handstands in the water. And John was…
“Is it the fear that keeps you believing? That’s no way to live. There’s so much you can have, that you don’t know you could have, if only you weren’t afraid. Fear is just another way to control you.”
John had not even even heard her approach, but he supposed that he had been rather distracted, hand tight on his wand, body tense for the fight, and mind focused on the idea of sending Carl Powers flying into the nearest stationary object.
By dinnertime, news of Gryffindor’s devastating loss of House points had spread. The moment John entered the Great Hall, he was treated to a thunderous round of applause from the Slytherin table.
When they fall asleep that night, for the first time in a long time, John doesn’t feel the pain anymore. He doesn’t feel anything at all.
Surely this was blasphemy.  John had never heard anyone talk in such a shocking manner. Yet...he’d never had proof of God, or proof otherwise. All he knew was that he’d always been taught to believe. He had never been allowed to question.
Sherlock was so close. Their faces bare inches apart. He was close enough to...to do what, exactly? Something boys oughtn’t do. And yet the feeling in John’s belly was roiling, hot. Summer heaviness in between his legs. John held himself perfectly still, he dared not move, or speak, or even breathe. A tremor of pleasure straight down his spine as Sherlock’s hands clenched tighter on his wrists, just this side of hurt, and Sherlock bent his head, moving in, to...to place his mouth at John’s throat-
“John,” Hazel said over breakfast one morning, after Mr. Watson had left for work. She kept her voice casual as she slathered raspberry jam on his toast. “Do you know what ‘sure lock’ means?”
He watches John's face in the low light when he rubs against it, finally, the way his whole body arcs up as if trying to peel off the seat, the tremble in his thighs and the sound of his gasp.
Not far to go now. He was as cool as a mountain stream. Like a deer with the safety of the forest in sight. He wasn’t bothered. His stalker didn’t need to know that he could feel his clothes being peeled away inside that insidious imagination. That he could imagine the soft wool against his face as it cleared his body, the tug of buttons pushed through holes and undone till his shift unfurled around him and left him exposed... He rolled his shoulder and cleared his throat.
John does not protest the little motions, instead his breathing comes fast and shallow. His body jerks with sudden stimulation when Sherlock rubs his inner walls just right, and his mouth opens to let out a sharp little cry.
“And listen,” said Harry, “I know people are spewing a lot of rubbish about you lately. They’re absolute nitwits. Oh, believe me, normally I’d kill you for losing all those House points. But Carl Powers is such a bloody awful git that I think it’s worth 300 House points to see him get punched in the face. So stop worrying your stupid little blond head about those morons, all right? They’ll find something new to talk about next week.”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was thinned out with need, barely able to get enough air to form words. “Please. Touch me.”
“Bill nearly lit his wand on fire the other day because he wasn’t concentrating enough. I wish I’d known  how to do it a few years ago, it’s really useful and it’s heaps better than a night-light.”
“He was plenty visible when he was here with me earlier,” said John. “I’m also sure that he has better things to do than to watch you talk to me.”
Sherlock was torn between scoffing at the idiocy of the question and being pleased that John thought it was a possibility that he had been dreaming about Sherlock.
John only shudders at the words. "I'll make it so good for you," Sherlock says. "I'll make you love it." He can feel John's dick twitch in his hand, does not miss the quick intake of breath, not that he ever misses anything. "I could tell, the first time you looked at me, that you've always wanted this from me."
He ranks that number eight, easily, on the Top Ten of his favorite sounds that John is capable of making.
“Then you have a whole year to learn and practise,” Greg said, and smiled at him. “Everybody’s built differently. People are all built for different things. I think you’d be very quick and agile out on the field. So do me and, really, our whole team a favour and practise flying, all right?”
“You obviously don’t know what you’re doing and you do need my help.” Sherlock rested his hands lightly on John’s thighs, rubbing small circular patterns into his jeans with his thumbs that John barely felt. Just barely. “I am more experienced than you.”
Sherlock’s wardrobe was overflowing with nice clothes, new fashions, expensive real leather jackets, and he didn’t know what it was like to wear hand-me-downs, to pick through church donation boxes when he was younger and he had probably never been to a rummage sale.
He wanted to go to the window, felt the magnetic pull of it, of Sherlock and his liquid mercury eyes, the tug in his stomach that told him it would be a good thing, and his muscles strained in resistance.
The absolute worst part was, of course, that if given the chance - he would have done it all over again. And
So John chose Sarah, a nice girl from his Biology class who was a fair friend and an even better lab partner. She looked so pleased at being chosen that John immediately felt bad, because he knew all too well the pleasure of having been chosen.
There was no room to move, no place to escape, and Sherlock’s hand slid up to John’s hair, long white fingers threading through, tugging his head back and then Sherlock’s  mouth was upon his neck -
She went back to bed then, but she did not sleep. Instead she lay awake, eyes and ears open, waiting for sound. She lay very still and tried not to think about that strange phrase that tumbled around her mind in the darkness -
He slid his hand down the shaft of John’s prick and squeezed tightly, constricting him the way a cock ring would, preventing him from coming.
"Victor Trevor," he says, gripping John’s hand in a firm clasp. He has a warm, decent handshake, the kind that’s meant to be a sign of good character. His accent is posh, totally public school; John can see it so easily - Victor and Sherlock cut from the same cloth.
Carl noticed this as well. “What are you going to do now? Curse me? Dare you. I dare you to do it,” he taunted. “Why don’t you go ahead and show everyone your true evil self?”
The next button was given the same treatment, infuriatingly careful. Sherlock wanted to grab at John’s wrists and just barely contained himself. John slid his hand into the space of flesh that he’d created and warmed it with his palm. He did
It occurred to John that sometimes Sherlock sounded a little like a budding supervillain. Or a master criminal.  At any moment now John expected him to rub his hands together and laugh with maniacal glee.
”She was looking for her phone,” Sherlock said. “She realised she’d had it all along when it vibrated in her pocket.”
“I had my first kiss to this movie,” Victor says. “In the theatre, of course. I was so dumbfounded I could barely pay attention to the rest of the film.” He looks at John with mock-seriousness, arching one brow. “That pottery scene is no joke.”
He had walked through his day as if in a trance - who had he spoken to? What things had he done? Nothing could touch him. Only the prickling buzz underneath his skin, like the vibrating hum of cicadas at the end of summer. The now-familiar heaviness in his stomach.  His heart fluttered in his chest every time he thought about it: Sherlock’s lips on his, his fingertips against John’s own cheek - gentle. How unexpectedly soft and welcoming Sherlock’s mouth had been.
“You’re not stellar at Potions,” Sherlock told the Bubotuber, “but your current partners will drag down your grade. If you had a half-competent partner you might even get an Exceeds Expectations, which would of course, be essential if you one day wanted to become a Healer.”
OpalGrey did a really cool thing and put Sherlock's angsty music into youtube doubler so you can hear the mess that he was listening to
Time slowed, stilled, crystallised. They felt each other breathe. They were, the both of them, in perfect singularity.
John inhaled sharply, and held Sherlock’s wrist tight, pressed his fingers in hard, until he occluded the pulse completely and could not feel it anymore.
Three fingers are much harder for John to take, he's so tight, tighter than anybody else Sherlock can remember or cares to remember.  Three fingers bring John close to sobbing, the most exquisite expression on his face and the most delectable sounds tearing from his throat.
“And who’s this young man?” she asks, eyeing John as if he were a young widow swanning about with the poolboy on her arm, and her husband not two months in the ground.
“Oh my god,” says John. He has to put down his coffee to keep from spilling it all over himself. “You can’t be serious.”
When they got to his bedroom she stripped him of his sandy pyjamas, helping him change into something clean before she put him into bed. She tucked him in, the blankets tight around him, cocooning him up as tightly as she wanted to hold him, but did not dare to. He settled in peacefully, sighing softly and cooing, sandy lashes resting upon round cheeks. Cherubic and picturesque in his slumber, as if he had spent the whole night in bed, never once stirring.
“Sherlock!” John said, and hurried over to the window almost on reflex. (When had it gotten so dark? It didn’t matter.) He pushed the glass up. He could hear himself, feel himself, once again, almost breathless. He didn’t care.
Her lungs felt like they were filling up with saltwater, brackish and dark. She gasped for air. She could not breathe. She was drowning with her head above water.
And so Sherlock did. He wrapped himself around John, clutching him tight, holding him in place. He fucked him viciously, thrusts sharp and unrelenting. His hips collided with the soft flesh of John’s arse, as if trying to tattoo out the rhythm, in morse code, of his own name, in rapid succession. How selfless John was, how heavenly-hot, sacrificial upon Sherlock's altar, his body a vessel, a temple, a warm, willing fuckhole for Sherlock to use, to take, to worship and fill up and violate and adore.
"They're saying that your mother is actually a dwarf," Bill said. He looked John up and down. "You know, on account of your being so short and all."
Sherlock was very good at this task. John suspected he was good at most tasks. He had filled five stoppered bottles full of thick yellow-green goo already, in comparison to John’s one-and-barely-a-half.
He was so pleased, in fact, that he didn’t even notice the slug that had started to make its way up his leg.
“Hello?” John called, uncertain, into the darkness. His own voice echoed back at him from the depths of the cave.
Sherlock above him was only a shape in the dark. John tried to focus on his face and he couldn’t. And was Sherlock so quiet; eerily    silent.   The only sounds in the room were the sounds John was making, his little animal sounds, the hiccuping breaths, the sick solid smacking of flesh together on impact again and again. Sherlock was not speaking or moaning or panting, he was dead silent, he was not panting, no sound  of  breath, no   breath-
He pulled back to watch John as he fingered him, saw how his skin had taken on a sheen of sweat, the mess of his hair tossed back against the pillows and the glisten of tongue hanging out of his open, panting mouth. John: compact, put-together, the calmness in chaos, the steady hand. He wanted to make a mess of him, wanted to watch him fall apart. He would deconstruct him and make him anew. John whimpered and shivered around the fingers pushing into him, rubbing and pressing, fucking him. His insides were enticingly, indulgently hot.
“Tell me more about this bat-man and...movies,” Sherlock said, closing his book and settling back into the bed. The potion was bound to take effect again, and John would be asleep soon enough, so he wouldn’t have to listen to it for long.
“I don’t know.” John frowns at his tomato, pushing the edge of his fork down into the soft surface. He watches the thin skin give away as orange-red juices ooze out. “I wasn’t...I didn’t really think about it.”
In the darkness of the night, in the privacy of his bed, the moments replayed themselves in full-on technicolor, vivid and bright.  The warmth of the square of sun that fell upon them, the dust motes that swirled lazily in the light. The hard surface of the desk against his thighs, while Sherlock cradled his face in both of his hands and kissed him. The press of Sherlock’s mouth against his. Feeling the strange, intimate wetness of another person’s mouth for the first time. Sherlock saying against his lips, “open your mouth a bit more,” his breath hot, so close, and John obliging, dizzy with newfound knowledge, burning up.
“Drat!” said Bill, and curled the ends of his moustache between thumb and forefinger. “Foiled again.”
“Oh, just call me Greg,” said Greg, smiling at him. John didn’t know whether he should trust his smile, but then again, Greg was a Gryffindor, not a Slytherin, and usually Gryffindors didn’t smile like that if they were about to rip one’s head off.
Madam Pomfrey continued on, “The concussion we cannot do much for, medically, except for bedrest and perhaps a potion that will soothe the worst of it. I’ll be back to check on you in a little over an hour, Mr Watson. In the meantime, make sure you keep an eye on
While they talked, Sherlock held the dressing to John’s wound with one hand and a mirror with the other.  When he got tired they switched off. The mirror was so that John could watch his own wound heal, which had been John’s idea. He hadn’t even worried when he’d made his request - both his mother and Harry could not stand the sight of blood, and most people told him it wasn’t right to want to look at gross stuff like that.  Sherlock, instead, had acted like it was the most normal thing in the world to want to watch one’s own head wound slowly knit itself together (and really, why wouldn’t you?) and had been pleased that John had taken an interest as well.
The lifeguard was using his bullhorn to call the other swimmers to shore. They had to evacuate the water for the search. Hazel was turning round and round, she was splashing wildly from side to side, but all she could see was water, water on all sides of her.
types of Pureblood wizards, considering how much Sherlock had wanted batteries. It was the methods that fascinated Sherlock. Strangulations and knives were dismissed as normal,
“Oh,” said Sherlock. “Well, it won’t take you any time at all to redo it. More importantly, you don’t need the application or transfer papers anymore. I don’t want to go to Durmstrang. I have decided that I like it here.”
He looked up. The sun was long gone, and fiery red seeped up the darkening sky, as if the sun had bled out as it died.
He was still holding onto Sherlock’s wrist. He really ought to let it go, he knew, but he couldn’t make his fingers release, not just yet.
"Let's drop the lingo for now," Sherlock says, flush of irritation in his voice. And John, he actually giggles, Sherlock's finger inside of him and his legs pinned and spread, naked in the backseat of Sherlock's hot rod with his erection stiff against his soft little belly. Sherlock stares at him, shocked. Never laughed during sex before; sex always a rushed affair of hormones and need, down-and-dirty physical act to get off and then quickly cut out. And here John is, spread out before him and laughing, and it’s so weird that it makes Sherlock want to kiss him, want to touch him, to fuck him still. It’s so ridiculous that Sherlock laughs as well.
She is a nurse, by her hands: the nails clipped short indicating one who works in a manner of physical labor when the fashion of the day is to keep them long and painted, the dryness of the skin inevitable when one washes them repeatedly throughout the day. Her mention of shift work - what other profession would require a woman to work the night shift? Combined with their economic situation,  and John’s interest in medicine, it was all so obvious, the details lurid like the lack of ring on her finger.
Sometimes John dreams of a night where he could run forever. The London sky is bright with stars, and the unknown planets dance in enigmatic revolutions. He grips someone’s hand in his, their fingers tightly entwined.
“Oh, Sherlock, your ink spilled…” John said with utmost sympathy, as one of Sherlock’s carefully written essays was now stained with dripping black. It looked like it had once been Transfigurations homework, judging from the half of the diagram not completely blotted out.
John made a soft sound that was foreign to himself and reached out, fisted his hand into Sherlock’s shirt to hold onto him, both to steady himself and to prevent him from pulling away. He felt as if thunder were rolling inside of him. He wanted to stay in this moment forever, Sherlock’s cool fingers stroking his cheek, Sherlock’s lips pressed gently against his own. The night deep and dark around them, Sherlock’s presence blotting out moon and stars and God Himself.
John shuddered, and tried not to think about it. Which, of course, it meant he pictured an undead army of love-hungry zombies who all very much wanted to kiss the Necro-Romancer.
There were few visions a man could call sheer perfection. This was one of them, and how Sherlock wished he could share this with the world, with the female-bodied part of the world in particular, specifically those who had once dated John Watson. How he wished John’s girlfriends could see him now, hands bound in pretty red straps and chained above his head, collared, mouth plugged full of Sherlock’s cock and sucking like he was starved for it. God was in the details, or the devil, depending upon which saying one ascribed to, and Sherlock would show them god or the devil depending in all the details of John. He would extrapolate for them the finer points of John’s skin, warm and lightly perspiring, the flush of his cheeks, the blown pupils of his deep blue eyes, his nipples peaked pink with arousal, completely untouched. How his wrists turned white when he tugged too hard at his restraints, how his throat and collarbones and shoulder and chest purpled under Sherlock’s mouth. He would direct their attention to John’s cock, of course, flushed and hard, engorged with blood and jutting out proud, shining at the tip with the wet drip of arousal, and then - John’s mouth, stretched so perfectly around Sherlock’s cock, and the way the saliva dripped from the corner of his mouth and glistened on his lips. How damning the evidence, all added together: John was no longer theirs, had never really been theirs, he was Sherlock’s, he was his, he was his.
“Wait,” says Victor, grinning. “It gets better. He comes up to me and he goes, ‘Yo man, can I like, bum a cigarette?’” Victor tosses his hair as if he’s flicking dark curls out of his eyes.
Sherlock switched over to the other nipple now, giving it the same slow, agonizing treatment, wet gentle circles and scrape of teeth that did nothing but tease. Sometimes he became so focused on minute areas of John’s body that he could spend up to an hour just playing with that one place, lost in his own explorations until John had no patience and far too much sensitivity. He tugged at Sherlock’s nape to get his attention. “Sherlock, c’mon.”
Despite John’s attempt at nonchalance, there was no mistaking that sharp intake of breath. Sherlock had to fight back a grin; John looked adorable when he got shifty. His eyes were too large to make furtiveness look anything but comical. “What are you proposing?”
Madame Pomfrey cast. A cool sensation washed over John’s skin as the blood and dirt siphoned off. He stared at Madam Pomfrey’s wand, transfixed.
Sherlock thinks that they should just bomb middle America, because, he says, he cannot think of a more useless piece of land.
Harry of course, had been instructed, “take care of your little brother!” and she’d made a valiant effort of it, holding his hand for the first five minutes that they’d stepped onto the train. He had, of course, in those five minutes, been told, “Listen, twit, if you embarrass me, I’ll end you,” hissed out the corner of her mouth. Followed by a quick, “Oh, hi, Dahlia!” as she waved brightly at a Ravenclaw girl passing by.
“You are,” said Sherlock decisively, although he was not so sure. Looking at John in the glow of the streetlight was making his head spin.
Sherlock met his eyes, then. John felt pinned down by his gaze, strapped in, unseen heaviness pressing on his thighs, his hands, his chest. Heaviness low in his stomach. He wanted to burrow back into the seat.  Instead he smiled helplessly, and those storm-water eyes flickered down to his mouth before turning back to the road.
He finds Victor at the stove, looking unfairly decent for someone who has spent the night on a sofa. His trousers show a slight wrinkle to them but that is about it, his pale blue shirt open at his throat to the third button but tucked in, regardless. He also looks unfairly awake for this ungodly hour of--
Being penetrated and stretched like this made him vividly aware of a part of his body that felt private and dirty. The soft pads of Sherlock’s fingers moved from his prostate to touch everywhere else inside of him, opening him up as they massaged and explored. He felt his throat vibrate with some kind of noise that made Sherlock laugh, low and smooth.
John groaned, hands sliding up to bury themselves in Sherlock’s dark hair, encouraging more, forgetting all else.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed suddenly, glaring, his look turning hard as jagged rocks. He shoved John backwards with a little hiss. John stumbled, falling back and landing on his bottom in the water with a great big splash.
“I didn’t think we would have any classes together,” John said, and offered him a shy sort of smile that made Sherlock scowl because it made him feel funny. “I don’t suppose you’d want to be partners?”
Then two fingers, too quick, slick, so much wrongness, and Sherlock’s mouth sucking at his thigh, warmth blooming out from that spot. John keened and bucked but there was no getting away from it. The stretch inside of him so strange, that ache, but no real pain. Two fingers rubbing inside of him, probing, pushing in.
Still so surrounded by Sherlock, entrapped in the circle of his arms. But John couldn’t - didn’t want to - break away. “Shh,” said Sherlock, shushing him like gentling a calf. “I’ll slow down.”
And, for that matter -where were his parents? Surely no parent would let their child go gallivanting off into the dangerous night.
“No!” Well. Yes. But it wasn’t the way Sherlock made it sound. “I just…” John deflated a bit. It wasn’t that he had a problem dating a man; he wouldn’t give Sherlock up for anything. It was just...different. A kind of different that caught him at unexpected moments and pulled him out of the moment, made him notice and think when he wanted to be sinking down into the joy of being with Sherlock. “Sorry. I suppose I’m still adjusting to this ‘dating a bloke’ thing. It’s not
Sherlock wants. Simple as that. Full stop. In so many ways a mathematician would boggle at the calculations.  And so he lies awake in bed at night and ponders how he wants to take John apart with his teeth, piece by piece, intimate and slow, to taste all his secrets and worry out his soul, separate tissue from bone with his tongue.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, and then smiled at him in such a way that John felt like the sun had just come out and it was shining through the glass panes of the greenhouse. It made him feel like the insides of his chest were being coated with a gooey sort of happiness.
that needed petting. But he was too full of hate for everything to have the actual energy to pull away, so he lay there and let it happen.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, abruptly losing all interest in the conversation. He was especially uninterested in any conversations where John stopped doing interesting things with his mouth and wanted to do
Victor clears his throat. “It was the kind of dating where we take each other’s clothes off and shag like bunnies in happy, hoppy springtime.”
April 1586 passed, and there was no sign of Grenville’s relief fleet. In 1587, Sir Walter Raleigh dispatched a  new group of 115 colonists to establish a colony in Chesapeake Bay. They were ordered to travel to Roanoke to check on the settlers, but when they arrived on July 22, 1587, they found nothing except a single human skeleton that may have been the remains of one of the original men.
The key thing was not to look like a stalker, John thought, as he peered around the corner for any sign of Sherlock. The street was empty and quiet in the early morning, disturbed only now and again by a passing car.
Something moved in the woods. Out of the corner of his eye, John saw it. Something pale - white, maybe? - colorless. He didn’t want to turn to look at it. He couldn’t quite focus on it.
“Oh, it’s just another word for a promise,” Sherlock told him. “But it can’t be broken. And you mustn’t forget.”
“I’m glad you can laugh,” smiled Dr. Lawrence. “It’s very healthy to be able to laugh at oneself. And while I don’t like to use those words, ‘mad’ or ‘crazy’ - you are neither mad or crazy. You have been under a lot of stress lately, I understand. You report that you haven’t gotten a full night’s worth of sleep in months. You say that your appetite has been poor. This all started when John began sleepwalking. Naturally, your greatest fear is that he will come upon some danger - most likely wander into the water - and you will be unable to protect him. Therefore you have begun to personify the ocean. You fear its unknown depths, its possible danger. This is all very reasonable.”
“Now, Mr. Powers, this isn’t the first instance where you’ve had an issue with fighting, now is it?” Professor Hudson asked.
He settled his hands on the wooden windowsill. The young man motioned for him to push up the glass, mouthing silently. John hesitated for the space of a heartbeat, before he complied.
He keyed in to the tune of John’s voice more than the actual words, the rise and the fall of it,  the rhythm, the pattern, the lull and the lilt of it.
He wasn’t like anyone John had ever met. "Oh yeah?" John said, a bit of challenge in his voice, rising to the occasion. Sherlock smirked at him.
Sherlock stepped back entirely, leaving John with his shirt open and the night air cooling the wet spots on his skin. “All right, go on then. Strip for me, wild thing.”
He’s a force of destruction, the natural tendency of things to go to chaos, dry summer heat wildfire burning too hard, too fast: spontaneous combustion.
John breaks out into laughter and Sherlock threatens to kill him for getting something so inane and terrible stuck in his head. When John doesn’t stop laughing, unwaveringly brave in the face of such serious threats upon his life, Sherlock proceeds to go into graphic detail about just how he would go about killing John Watson. It’d be poison, of course, John always accepts food and drink from him without question, and he could drug John so easily, slip him chemicals and compounds without his ever noticing, he could miss an entire Wednesday without even knowing about it, and Sherlock could just do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. John stops laughing, and Sherlock stops talking when he notices that John’s gone all wide-eyed and slightly breathless, and then he has to pull over so that he can put his hands all over John and kiss him in between accusations of “you awful pervert” while John counters with kisses and protests of, “No way, you’re the sicko, you sicko.”
He’d always imagined a girl, soft and fragrant, holding hands and going steady. Vague ideas of sharing milkshakes and dances, eventually white dress and chapel bells. He’d never imagined this, lips wet with another boy’s saliva and wanting to try it some more, hard body against his, stomach clenching and flipping when he thinks about it. The impossible feeling of his heart flipping like it’s been turned upside down and is now trying to right itself, over and over again until it doesn’t know which way is up. Sherlock’s hand underneath his chin, leaning in to brush their lips together and John’s whole body gone warm and tingling, trying to come alive, and he’s not quite sure which way is up.
“Now that’s an interesting term of endearment,” Sherlock smirked. John could have hit him, awkward position be damned, but then Sherlock shifted them again. He tucked John’s legs more securely up to the side so that they caught at his shoulder and the top of the sofa, and, finally, bloody
Sherlock shrugs and lights a cigarette. John reaches over and plucks it out of his mouth.  Sherlock has the dignity to look irritated instead of immediately snatching it back.
“Oh,” says John, panting out the sound. His chest hurts and it’s nothing, it’s just the chill of the wind burning in his lungs.
“Stay right where you are, John! We can get back to that just as soon as I’ve got these safely downloaded!”
Sherlock frowned in surprise. “How could I not?” How could he ever willingly miss out on John, laid out vulnerable and open for him? A man with so many defences, with all reserve stripped from his body, naked to his soul for Sherlock alone to see? He leaned in to stroke a tidying fingertip over John’s eyebrow. “You don’t know what you look like in your sleep, John. All careworn and threadbare, like I could unravel you into a pile of thread in my arms. Someone has to make sure you don’t come undone.”
In a town where everybody knew everybody he’d never seen Sherlock around before. Not at the malt shoppe, not down at the arcade or even their little movie theatre. All the places young people might go to pass the time.
He didn't even know they made 'em like this. Free-standing, just out in the open air, not contained inside a theater.
He would have to tell Sherlock as soon as possible. When the right moment came, he would do it. It was all right, then, to wait for the right moment.
He woke sweating, shivering, feverish; sheets tangled up around his legs, blankets kicked off the bed. He woke rigid in his pants, and as exhausted as if he hadn’t slept at all.
His was the only high school in town. Unless Sherlock went to school in the next town over, or unless he was a bit older than he looked, as a matter of fact... “Do you go to school?” John asked, suddenly unsure.
“Well, yes,” Sherlock agreed. “But don’t you want to be best friends, for a very, very long time?” He looked at John earnestly.
Harriet and John both volunteered to help out in the garden, although Harry soon grew bored of picking strawberries and began chasing the dog around instead. John, on the other hand, was a bit
account. No one had ever been hospitalised on Sherlock’s account before, and of the very short list of people that would do something that grand (Mummy, Mycroft) he found that he sincerely did not want them to, ever. It was only a John Watson thing to do, then, and Sherlock could not figure out why he’d done it, and for once, not knowing was more intriguing than infuriating.
Their first kiss went like this: they had come home from a case, more sleep-deprived than usual. John had gotten 5 cumulative hours of sleep over a period of three days--5 hours and 15 minutes, to be precise, if one counted the time he’d spent asleep on his feet in Lestrade’s office. Sherlock had gotten precisely one hour, parcelled out in 15 minute increments over that period of time. He’d had to be dragged to bed like a man drugged. John had pulled the blankets up around him, and in a momentary lapse of all brain function, dropped a soft kiss upon his cheek. Sherlock, not entirely asleep, turned and smudged their mouths together.
They worked quickly and efficiently together after that. Sherlock particularly so, so that they could finish the potion before John could form a strange sentimental attachment to the porcupine quills or Flobberworm Mucus or something.
“Wow, check out that cool cat,” Jeanette said, while they were seated in a booth at Pop’s Chocolate Shoppe on Main. “Look at him go. He must think he’s just the ginchiest.”
“Yes, exactly,” said Sherlock, letting out a little breath he didn’t know he had been holding. “But not just that, that’s
John held his breath as he felt Sherlock’s dick nudge and bump at his entrance, releasing it in a long, low moan of relief when it finally breached him. That unfamiliar stretch, the slow insistent burn of penetration; being filled was like cold water on a sweltering day, layered with painkillers rubbing out a bone-deep ache. Sherlock moved slowly inside him, deep and luxurious. John could feel every inch as it filled him, and then again as Sherlock pulled out, only to push back in. He could barely move with Sherlock’s weight holding him practically folded in half, lower body twisted to the side, and still it felt so good that it left him panting for it, squirming uselessly in place.
,” Molly had said, when John had first asked, in tones that John thought you really ought to save for church. Or Elvis.
” John urges, need pitched into two emphatic syllables, and it's suddenly the most beautiful word in the English language.
“Idiots are not allowed to offer their idiotic opinions!” Sherlock declared. “At least…not until they’ve sought proper medical care and had plenty of bed rest.”
“I seem to recall there were two people involved last night,” John points out, irritable now. “I was well aware of what I was doing when I was doing it.”
Until the gears of his bike seemed to catch, and so John pushed down hard, and then there was the metallic crack of the chain, the sudden loss of control and John was pitched forward, dumped to the ground, dumping his bike.
It’s an impossibility, isn’t it, two boys kissing? It doesn’t feel so impossible when Sherlock slips his tongue - soft, wet, hot - right into his mouth. John didn’t even know you could do that, tongue into another person’s mouth, but it doesn’t feel wrong. It feels just fine. Better than fine.
Sherlock panted; moaned loud and low, shameless, one hand gently massaging John’s throat above the collar, encouraging, imagining that he could feel his cock through the column of flesh.
“Since this is your first offence, your punishment is Detention and a deduction of sixty House points. This is an unusual case of in-House fighting, really, and I am most disappointed in both of you. We do not hurt other students, no matter the House. But if Gryffindor loses the House Cup this year, you two would only have yourselves to blame,” Professor Hudson said. “As for you, Mr. Powers, you will be serving Detention as well, and, as much as it pains me, that will be a deduction of another sixty House points from you. And another twenty for lying to a professor.”
“All right!” John said. Sherlock flashed him a smile, and then in a splash he was gone, underneath the waves. He left behind only a spray of droplets that arced, glittering through the air, before they fell back down to the water and disappeared as well.
And then he was there, Sherlock was right there, watching him with amused curiosity. This was real. John was awake, no longer dreaming. He reached out and placed his hand on Sherlock’s chest, his breath and his heart in his throat. The sting of longing inside of him, the alluring venom of desire. He wanted to be kissed again. He tilted his face up...
His muscles sing with the tension of contraction, of holding still; he is a coil of potential energy. It seeps out against his will in little shifts and rocking motions, shifts that turn into shallow thrusts. cradling John's body against his as they rock together.
How they meet is a few weeks later, on the grassy green path up to Sherlock’s grave. John sees the long black coat first, and the dark hair, and his heart wrings itself out in his chest, and his hand clenches around the bouquet so hard that the stems of the carnations and lilies bleed sticky green juice.
John thought about Sherlock sitting with him in the Infirmary when he’d been hurt, and how he’d pressed the bandage to his wound for so long. He thought about Sherlock showing him his
"I don't know. I quite like it," Sherlock said. He considered the picture in his hand. "Maybe I'll get a frame for it."
“Right here,” Sherlock says, pushes him back and shows him, sliding a hand between his legs, fingers right in the crease of his trousers. He pushes in, dimpling the fabric, rubbing the pad of his fingers against the suggestion of his hole, that intimate, dirty place.
things, while he did not. But he had never been forced to confront it so openly. It suddenly occurred to him how much Sherlock didn’t know. He didn’t know what it was like to have his mother working double shifts and the night shift for the 25 cent differential, and how it was never to see her as a result, except in the mornings when she was skin-and-bone tired with dark circles haunting her eyes, pouring scotch into her coffee to "relax" or with an extra-large glass of wine "just for a nightcap, darling, it helps me sleep through the day."
Thinking about him. What kind of thoughts? John wanted to ask but couldn’t think of a way to say it without being odd about it. Or probing. Or too curious.
“Tell me what you want,” Sherlock said, and the knowledge of what John wanted was a warm pleasure that glowed in his chest and pooled liquid deep in his belly. He licked a delicate wet line up John's cock, flushed and twitching with desire, caught the drip of precum at the tip and tasted bitter salt.
"Sherlock," John breathes, hushed and reverent.  The sound of his name on John's lips. Let the world be blotted out with silence and that be the only sound. His hand works expertly on his own cock as his thighs grip against John's hips and sides.
“Who?” John said. “I hadn’t noticed him,” he said, although he felt like he always noticed whenever Sherlock walked into a room. Everybody did. Sherlock was someone of note.
“What? Oh.” John tilted the camera towards himself and carefully slid his finger to a spot less populated with buttons. “How do you work this thing?” he muttered, not needing any answers, especially not from his stalker of a boyfriend.
John doesn’t know what to say. His heart hardens in a lump in his throat; it is a heavy stone, in his throat. He swallows once, then again. He blinks, like someone stepping out from a very, very dark place where they had been trapped for a long time.
“Okay, Sh’rlock,” John said, blinking up at him agreeably. He was smiling as if Sherlock were something of a marvel, that look that he got sometimes when Sherlock had done something particularly clever, only he hadn’t at all. He had only said that they should go home. It felt a bit unfair to take credit.
“I can’t tell...I can’t tell…” he seemed to be muttering to himself, over and over.  He sounded lost, and looked even worse. He looked up at John with a sort of empty hopelessness looming wide until John grabbed his hands by the wrists to still them and stop their wandering so that he could ask Sherlock, “What? What is it that you can’t tell? Sherlock, tell me.”
Harry ran into John, quite literally, on the steps of the school, nearly knocking him over as she slapped his backpack.
Good girls, of course, did not cut class and they did not smoke anywhere - not behind the school or underneath the bleachers or behind the arts building. Jeanette was wholly uninterested in what good girls were meant to do. She got thrown out of Home Ec one morning after she got into a fight with Mrs. Bellamy, shouting that she would rather
In and out and out and in. There were three - or was it four? - fingers inside of him. He was open, wet, pliant, taking it all easily. No real hurt. When had this happened? John wanted to sob from not knowing. Sickly wet sounds accompanied each thrust. What was happening? Moaning filled the room. Slowly he realized that was his own voice. His mouth was open and from his throat the sounds poured out.
Sherlock’s eyes half-lidded with pleasure. “It’s your own fault for being so sensitive,” he said. It was an observation, far from a complaint. One of his hands slid between them and he rubbed his thumb and two fingers over the slippery, flushed head of John’s dick. John shuddered hard, whimpering - he was close again, so quickly and so easily. Sherlock could feel the threat of orgasm in the pressure of John’s knees and thighs squeezing against his hips. He could feel how much he wanted to come in the exquisite way John’s body clenched around him, as if he were trying to hold on to Sherlock’s hard, thick dick inside of him.
one himself was something else entirely. Still, the thought of it put a warmth in his chest and soothed the tight ache from his jaw. Thinking about Sherlock had that effect on him sometimes. Of course, thinking about Sherlock also put murderous intent in him sometimes, so it was a bit touch-and-go, really.
’ but only a squeaked, "Oh god!" when Sherlock slides just the tip of his tongue over the pretty flushed head of John's dick, wetting it with both saliva and precum.
