Normally, he’d spend Spring Break from the university at one of the college coed hot-spots like Cancun or Miami. With his change of job, it had completely slipped his mind. In fact, the university’s Spring Break had been the previous week.
“Sorry. The line was long. I wanted to surprise you. Got you a slice of that cheesecake that you love.” He sat the bags down on the island in the kitchen and she came from the living room to join him.
She turned as soon as she heard her name and saw Dean coming toward her. Tears were running down her face and she looked like she’d been through hell.
He tried not to focus on it too much. After all, Sam was back after being gone for a while. There was always the chance they have a lot to catch up on. It was part of what kept him from sending a text of his own, convincing himself it would be interrupting. The other part was worry that he wouldn’t get a response.
Dean sat back with wide eyes. “Me? Fuck me, Cas. You’re the one who needed comforting. Are you okay?”
Dean held his hands up in surrender. “I have asked myself that a thousand times, Sam. I really have.” He didn’t think it would help, but he had to add, “You’re making it sound like this was the same as when I was a professor. It wasn’t multiple students. It was just one.”
He’d tried a few other times to stop, but it never stuck. It was just too easy to give in. Now, though, he no longer had that endless line of fuck toys. Perhaps losing his job was what he needed to start over. Be better.
The feel of Castiel’s kiss sent Dean’s heart soaring. He’d begun to think that Cas couldn’t possibly have kissed as well as he remembered, but when his lips parted and Cas licked into his mouth, the truth was there. The way his tongue moved in Dean’s mouth, caressed his own, it was perfect. The thing he liked most though was the familiarity. It was home wrapped up in a kiss.
“I knew it was a bad idea to feel that way because he’s so young. Teens have fickle taste. What if he suddenly changed his mind?”
Benny stopped and quickly stepped back to Castiel. “Listen, brother, I’m not blind. I see you claiming your boy, but I wanted you to know it’s not necessary. I do think Dean’s attractive, but I’ve found that I like having him as a friend. He’s also completely gone on you. He might as well have hearts coming out of his eyes. You shouldn’t worry.” Benny winked and popped Cas on the shoulder before turning to head back to work.
Sam glanced sideways at him. “I guess you would need more fun considering how much you’ve been working lately. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so productive.”
On Wednesday, Castiel finally talked himself into calling and asking about the house. The nice woman he spoke to made an appointment for him to look at the place the next day after work. She said he’d be meeting one of their company’s realtors there at six-thirty. Since he was still unsure about the thought of moving, he didn’t tell Dean. Cas figured that if he ended up liking the place, it could be a surprise.
That rippling feeling inside Dean was too much. That wire pulling tight within him snapped. He’d never heard such obscene noises and were even more surprised they were coming from him as he emptied himself into the condom.
She nodded. “Yeah, I know. Once people stop calling when I’m on my break, I’ll leave for a break. I don’t see that happening.”
“Well, let’s see. I almost came in my sleep, took lots of cold showers, worked out until picking up a cup of water was a feat and my legs felt numb, dealt with mom trying to set me up with a girl I used to go to school with, and left class early today because I was living with a permanent semi and it was awkward.”
The flower was the most precious gift anyone had ever given him. He held it close to him, loving it already. “Thank you. I wasn’t happy at first, but I think it’s going to be okay.” He smiled tentatively up at Dean.
Leaving the door cracked so he could see when Dean came down the hall, he set his cup on the desk and dropped the property listings in the small trash can next to it. He sat down and fired up the laptop, quickly navigating to his email.
She smiled and rolled her eyes. “I barely touched him. Butterfly wings are stronger than you might think.”
The ability Roy had to unknowingly keep picking at his aggravation over Dean annoyed Castiel. "That day was about something I'd rather not get into."
Laying back on his bed, he said, “No, but I didn’t know if it was for you. I believe you when you said you want me, but I know I’m probably still a kid to you. I didn’t know if this was more than just fun.”
Knowing his face had turned bright red, Castiel rushed into the elevator as soon as he could get through the doors. He pushed the button for the top floor and then the “close doors” button. The last thing he needed was Dean getting in the elevator with him. It was his sincere hope that they could just pretend like nothing had happened. It was cowardly, but he liked the plan all the same, even if it meant being jumpy every time he caught sight of the beautiful man.
His daydreaming allowed him to return to the home, a renovated B&B, in a relatively okay mood. There, he had his own room and that was his haven. It was necessary for his safety as kids there were not any nicer than the ones at the school. His decent mood was destroyed as soon as he came through the door.
“Baby, you’re stuck with me. That’s just how it is. Fun stuff, scary, stuff, all of it. I’m all in. There’s no scaring me away, not now.”
“Cas, are you okay? What happened? I’ve been so freaked out and they wouldn’t let me come in to find you.” More than anything, he wanted to squeeze Cas to him, but he didn’t know if he was hurt anywhere else so he kept his hands on his arms.
Gabriel laughed. “You know me well. I thought about it, but this is your thing to tell. If you want her to know, tell her. Otherwise, mums the world...unless I slip up.”
As he walked to their bedroom, he couldn’t get the thought of how Cas had acted before he left out of his head. Dean had refused to send a message asking, but that was before it burrowed into his mind like a worm. It had to be dealt with or he wouldn’t get any peace.
Drinks in hand, they moved past the bar to a group of tables, choosing one towards the back wall. “So, tell me about yourself, Castiel. Maybe start with why you said your name was Cas when you don’t like to be called that.”
Castiel stopped at the door, looking back. His eyes widened a bit when he saw Dean’s lecherous stare, but his expression quickly turned sinful again. “Ooh. Come get me, Mr. Winchester.” He kissed the air and then turned and walked out of the room, letting the door close behind him.
It was a long trip to the drive-in, but it didn’t feel like it with Cas there. They told each other stories about growing up and the trips they’d had with their families. Castiel had been to a lot of places thanks to his parents allowing him to come to dig sites and conferences with them. Dean had also seen a lot of different locales thanks to his father’s inability to hold a job. The reason was shitty, but he’d always made the best out of it for Sam.
If it wasn’t a fantasy, he’d take his time, but it had been too long since he’d even so much as jerked off and Castiel was already close to cumming. He let his head loll back as he increased his stroking, rocking his hips at the same time. He could feel the tightening inside as his pleasure continued to increase.
Gabriel looked down at the ground with a sad frown. “Yeah, well, I’m kind of a lot to take.” He pushed the sadness aside, bringing back his jovial self. “But I’m here to help you acclimate.” He approached Castiel and reached around him, taking the wallet from his back pocket. “This is your wallet. Dad is kind enough to set us up with enough to make it for a while. Then we have to become useful members of society.”
Dean was incredulous. “Hang out? Are you fucking kidding me?” He stopped and scolded himself for using the f-word in front of a student. He turned his chair to face Castiel, needing him to see how serious he was. “Look at me, Cas. Hear what I am saying. I am a teacher. You are a student. We can’t ‘hang out.’ It’s incredibly inappropriate, just like this crush you have.”
For a moment, Dean couldn’t say anything, didn’t trust himself to. This kid was playing with fire and he didn’t even know it. Finally, he gritted his teeth and said, “Here, Castiel. In the classroom.”
Easier asked than answered because Dean knew he was starting to really care for Cas. This was a rough punch to the gut.
“Oh, well.” She continued on, squeezing her nipple between her thumb and forefinger, making herself moan. “Ooh! It feels so good.”
That did the trick. “Okay, hon. We’ll get some sleep and see what we can get into tomorrow.” She gave him a quick peck on the lips and went off to their shared walk-in closet to grab something to sleep in.
Dean nodded his head against the bed sheet. It never took him long to get comfortable with that first finger. It was never enough. He pulled slightly out and then added the second finger pushing in alongside it. The second one always burned and he grunted through the pain. Thankfully, it faded quickly. After adjusting, he had to pull his hand back around to add more lube.
Needing to hear his voice, he grabbed the phone and started to type Cas’s name into the contacts. Nothing came up. He knew Cas had said he’d added his number.
The way the arousal seemed to curl tighter and tighter in his belly, he knew this one was definitely going to rival it. While nothing had been certain, he truly believed that Cas was into him, too, and that made everything so much better, colored it all with real possibility.
“Interesting analogy,” Cas mused. “But, yes, that’s pretty much right. I will do my best to make sure you never need to use it.”
Dean's breath caught in his throat. It may have been cat eyes, but the eyes looking down at him were so full of Cas. He felt it. It immediately pulled to mind a thought he could never admit to. A fantasy actually, of having Cas sitting atop him, blue eyes darkened with desire. His eyes momentarily glazed over as he let himself get lost in that thought. When he felt the effects of arousal though, he quickly came back to reality.
Dean lifted his ass from the bed so Cas could remove his jeans, leaving him in his black boxer briefs with a very obvious tent.
Dean shut and locked the door. He hated that Castiel was hiding in the bedroom even though he knew it was necessary. He walked back to his room and opened his door.
"Wouldn't you if you could?" Dean asked. "I know I would." Looking over at the kitten, he muttered, "Lucky bastard." Turning back to his exasperated brother, he said, "We need to find out how to make him...him again. Maybe we can talk to the witch twins. See if there's a spell."
Michael didn’t hesitate. Using the arms of the chair for leverage, he sat back until he felt Dean’s cock pressing against him. With Dean holding himself steady, Michael sank back until the whole thing was seated inside him.
“I like it better when you’re in it.” He tilted his head back to place sensual kisses along Castiel’s neck. He felt the hold around him tighten and smiled to himself.
Dean stared at Cas with a blank expression. When he didn’t elaborate, Dean had to ask. “Okay. I mean, the job was simply a perk, not why I wanted to be with you, but can I ask why? Too big of a conflict of interests?”
Six cases ended up being what Dean wanted to bring back. As they waited in line to pay, Cas had to comment on the amount. “This is a lot of beer. It seems excessive.”
For the first time since meeting Castiel, Dean didn’t feel like he was two people anymore. He was becoming his old self again, but a better version. He was a man with a vision for his students, love for his friends and family, and a respect for himself that he’d never had before. Knowing he was worth more than sex had changed him in a big way.
Roy shook his head. "Nah, I don't think that was an answer. What is it about someone calling you Cas that you don't like?"
“Yeah, Cas! Fuck!” Dean’s hands reached forward as he gripped the far edge of the table, hips canting up as if begging for more.
Dean was on top of Castiel, skin to skin, kissing him with a need he didn’t even know he had. Everything about Cas did things to him, made him feel more alive, made him want, made him believe in the possibilities. Even pressed fully against him, he felt like he couldn’t get close enough.
Dean sighed. He expected that Sam was not going to lie down on this one. “Made up some flyers to put up at the university to offer proofreading and editing services. Gonna do the same for tutoring. I looked up some information. I was thinking I could do it locally, but there are services you can sign up for online where you can tutor via Skype. We’ve got four high schools in the county, so I thought about seeing if any of the other three had openings. I don’t know if Sam would be okay with that or not. Figured it was better not to test it.”
“Very. The Earth is moving at nearly one thousand miles per hour. The fastest horses can only obtain speeds of fifty-five miles per hour and that’s only for a short distance.” Realizing that it was an absurd thing to suggest, Castiel wondered if he misunderstood. “I’m sorry. Was that a metaphor?”
“Wow!” Sam said. “You look more and more chipper every morning I come by. Guess I don’t need to do this anymore.”
“I think you might be right.” Another kiss cut into their conversation. Dean was never going to get tired of kissing Castiel. He hadn’t realized how right he’d been when he’d said it would never only be one kiss. Pulling back and placing another kiss on Cas’s nose, he asked, “What about the split lip? Did you do that?”
Hugging Cas tight, Dean sighed happily and rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “Glad I’m here, too. What are you up to?”
Things got a bit more difficult when he got home. Due to his constant need to be coaxed off the platforms at the zipline place and because they stopped for a bite on the way back, they’d gotten back later than he intended. He had wanted to get back before Charlie got home. She usually spent her Saturday mornings and afternoon at the local community theater, helping out, and prepping for their show that would run during the summer. Today, she was already back home.
“Ah! Quite the milestone. Now, he gets to be a slave to technology like the rest of us,” he said with a wink.
He removed the plug from his ass and pouted over how he felt empty now. As he washed the toy in the bathroom sink, he was feeling like a bitch in heat. He’d fucked Dean earlier, just came again with the plug, and definitely wanted Dean to fuck him the second he got home. He looked at his reflection in the mirror. “What the fuck is happening today? I need to calm down.”
Castiel pushed a hand into Dean’s hair, licking his lips. He tugged, whining softly in an attempt to get Dean to bring his kisses up. “Dean, please.”
“Hmm. Hope you’re not too lazy for other things,” she said as she turned around, trying to look suggestive.
Dean carefully stepped into the room, like if he moved too fast, he may frighten the gorgeous sight away. “Cas…” His voice was an awed whisper.
“There are. I think this is the most we’ve ever had.” She pointed towards the pool. “Your friend seems to be enjoying the pool with Charlie. You going to be getting in?”
Dean’s breath had quickened as he attempted to reconcile the logic from his brain telling him that it can’t be true and the feeling from his heart swearing that it was. “It’s not possible.” He said the words, but he’d often thought before that the butterfly that stayed with him was more than what it appeared to be. It had seemed an intelligent, sentient being and made Dean feel better, important. It had cared for him and he for it. They’d had a connection that defied species and he could feel it sparking back to life as he looked at the man in front of him.
He didn’t really and he had a good reason, but he figured the reason would get the guy out quicker. Now that he’d had his fantasies filled, he was done with him. “This is my brother, Sam. Sam, this is, um…” He was sure the guy probably told him his name at some point, but he only wanted to think of him as Cas, so his real name hadn’t mattered.
His wings were quite sensitive. Aside from the still being tender thanks to the bullies, they’d only ever been handled roughly during medical exams. He wasn’t sure, but something inside him told him it would be okay. He nodded before quickly adding, “Yeah.”
“With Lisa. So, have fun!” She and Lisa left their spots at the bar and went out to wiggle their way towards the middle of the dance floor.
“Good.” Castiel drug the spoon over Dean’s backside. This was far from a scene, but he was excited to see Dean’s reaction over this new situation. With a little smile, he gave another light tap, similar to the one from a moment ago.
Castiel watched her go, secretly wishing he had her confidence and luck in finding someone. Once she was out of sight, he realized he was alone again with Dean. Looking up into those soft green eyes and trying not to think his freckles were adorable was a task he didn’t think he could manage.
“You’re definitely gonna be screaming my name now.” He was almost fully hard, but he was done with the show and wanted to take part. He sat up and took the lube from next to Dean. Coating one of his fingers, he pushed it in alongside Dean’s.
Dean paused to consider what he was hearing. “You get off on this, don’t you? Telling someone what to do?
Dean had heard the door slam and quickly followed Cas out into the yard. It was so dark out, but he didn’t need his newfound sight to locate Castiel. He closed his eyes and listened, letting his senses point him in the right direction. In seconds, he was around the tree and spotted the nephilim, wings, black and shiny, covering his body. “Cas?”
“I promise you will enjoy it.” Her hands were working on the button and zipper of his jeans. He was watching, trying to stay still. Seeing his tense state, she asked, “Are you nervous?”
With a tired, longing sigh, Dean forced himself out of bed and into the bathroom. As he scrubbed himself down, he tried to focus on the things he wanted to cover that day and what he needed to get done. His mind kept drifting back to the boy in his bed and the things he wanted to do with him. Thankfully, getting off in the shower was easy clean up.
, he’d prayed. It wasn’t unheard of for a person to pay for time with someone simply to chat or play out a nonsexual fantasy. He hoped this was not one of those.
“I know you and Sam have a system down, but sometimes I wish you were doing what he does. He doesn’t have to deal with people like that.”
Before a response came through his phone began to ring. Seeing it was Lisa, he decided to go ahead and answer so he could tell her he wouldn’t be home. “Hey, babe.”
Dean snorted. “Yeah, I’m sure you would, but as you said, I’ve not been making good decisions so I can’t promise the same.”
Dean almost choked on the french fry he’d popped in his mouth. He’d honestly forgotten that he’d admitted that. He was of course still attracted to Benny. If anything, seeing him in person made him even more desirable because his pictures hadn’t done his size justice. He was a thick man. While the idea of doing exactly what he said did sound appealing, Dean had no intention of giving up what he now had, whatever it was. “I’m with Cas.”
Growing more concerned at the lethargic actions, Dean quickly stood up and rushed to his computer. “This is definitely not good. Hold on, little guy.” He sat the butterfly gently on his leg and then went to Google. Nothing he found was of any help. He even found a butterfly specialist to call.
Dean was reeling from what Sam just said. Things weren’t perfect, but they were better than they had been. It was a hell of a start. He wondered how much being with Jody had played a part in it. “Are you going to keep making jokes about me fucking students?”
Dean was enjoying himself, but it seemed like Castiel could drift off at any moment. He redoubled his efforts and began to suck down and up the large cock.
“To be fair, I never pursued this one,” Dean said as he sat down on the couch, pulling Castiel into his lap. “Even tried to make him stop.”
Meeting Castiel’s dark blue gaze across the table, Dean said, “Very.” No one had to know that what he was very interested in was getting bent over a desk and fucked by Cas. It was a fantasy he’d had a few times since Cas had first mentioned Dean working for him.
Castiel helped and began to move for him, rocking his own hips so Dean was getting more friction inside. “It’s good you don’t.” He could feel Dean start to tense up as his orgasm approached and he stroked him faster.
When he called the clinic he went to last year, the number was disconnected. A quick Google search showed the clinic had permanently closed. “Well, this sucks.” Another search brought up a ton of clinics in his area. He called the closest one and was able to get in the next day.
Cas made the switch so quick that Dean barely had a second’s breath before he was being stretched open around Castiel’s cock. He reminded himself not to tense as Cas slid all the way in. Despite the pain accompanying the intrusion, Dean reveled in the full feeling. With Castiel looming over him, it wasn’t hard to see why his toy hadn’t satisfied him. If it wasn’t Cas, it wouldn’t do. Not anymore.
When he finally moved back to his desk, he dropped into his seat and stared at the papers, not actually seeing them.
Seeing the teen’s captivated expression, Dean chuckled. “What? Thinking you want to be the one getting fucked instead?”
She held the two dollar bills out and once he took them, she said, “I’m not the one you need to apologize to.” With her fake smile, she cheerily added, “Have a nice day!” and then walked away from the counter into the back.
It didn’t surprise him to see Gilda there with Charlie, but the dark-haired girl was new. Her name was Andrea and today’s cookout was serving as her third date with Benny. Nothing surprised him more than seeing Jody next to Sam. It put him on edge, even though it shouldn’t. She was less likely to figure out anything about him than Sam was, but if she did, she would most certainly do something about it. As vice-principal, she would have to.
Smiling wickedly, Cas once again began to move his fingers, making Dean moan in appreciation. “That was much better. Very good boy, Dean. That’s how you get exactly what you want.” He removed his fingers and used the heels of his hands to push his sweatpants down. Once over his hips, they silently slipped to the floor. He kicked them aside and grabbed up the condom and lube he’d set next to Dean. “I can be very good to you when you say such nice things.”
“Gimme a sec, gotta put in a lil legwork.” He climbed on top of the boards, grabbing the window ledge. He hopped, putting his leg through the window and lowered his entire body through the other side. He landed on his feet in front of a rather big zombie, still in his police uniform. He was grabbing at the vending machine, mindlessly clawing his way through the snacks.
“Yeah.” Cas sank back into his seat. “I really missed getting to have time with you. I am excited. I just want everything to be perfect for you.”
“Trying to figure out what I would like to cook you for dinner later.” He let go of Dean and opened the fridge door to check out the contents on the inside. “So, did you tell your folks that you were coming over here?” He knew they had no reason to lie now, but wasn’t sure if perhaps the adage of ‘old habits die hard’ was true.
There was a struggle going on inside Castiel and he was trying very hard to keep himself in check. There was no doubt that the man he’d just met wanted Dean, had even flirted right in front of him. That fact had grated on his sensitive nerves and he was doing his best to not care. “Did you use to date him?”
Castiel was running late. He was a full hour late actually and that had never happened in the six years he had been working for his brother. However, the fates had been against him that morning. Or perhaps it was just his cat who had so graciously managed to unplug his alarm clock at some point during the night. Gabriel was going to give him hell about it...or possibly congratulate him for sleeping in. It was hard to tell with Gabriel.
He didn't move as the kitten padded over to his leg and put its front paws on him. That's when he saw the cat's eyes.
Shaking his head, Dean said, “No, not this time. Maybe not ever. I really don’t know, but, for the sake of keeping the peace, it’ll be just Charlie, Benny, their girlfriends, and us.”
“I’m really sure,” he promised, finally calming back down. "You look good in blue and the shirt is good."
When the movie was over, Dean looked back to the door. While paying for the food, he’d seen his bag sitting next to it and remembered that he had papers to grade. Looking down at Cas cuddled next to him, he kissed the top of his hair. “Would you care if I worked on getting papers graded?”
“Oh, you can speak now?” The doctor smiled down at him. “I can’t leave a patient in such a state. I just need to get you cleaned up.” Since Dean didn’t say anymore, the doctor finished up his work. “Alright, Dean, I need you to sit up.” Taking an arm, the doctor helped Dean into a sitting position with his legs hanging off the side of the bed, paper gown sticking in spots because of his sweating. “Are you okay?”
When he got home that night, Dean felt...better. He was still upset, sad, angry, and alone, but it didn’t feel as bad. It was going to be tough and he might never stop thinking about Castiel completely, but he knew now he was able to rejoin the land of the living and actually have fun again. His support group had actually gotten larger and Dean really liked the new additions. He was going to be okay.
Something about that sounded familiar. “Wait a second. Does this have something to do with that Chelsea chick from the bowling alley?”
Despite all the work he had to keep up with, his office was his sanctuary. The two outer walls were glass windows with a balcony that went around both sides. It was nice to have a cup of coffee in the morning when it was nice out and watch the traffic below. Even better was in the evening when the sun would set and he’d have a beautiful array of colors to look out at. Despite Gabriel trying to get him a ridiculously large desk, he’d let Castiel pick one that matched his personality, neat and efficient. His extra purchase though was the leather couch that sat looking out the window. He’d slept on it a time or two when he’d had late nights when he first started.
“No problem.” She started to turn away, but hesitated a moment, before looking back at Dean. “Do you want me to tell him you said hi or something when I talk to him tonight?”
He liked that Cas wanted to learn about him, as well. “Okay. Um, what do you like to do when you’re not seducing teachers or fucking in school closets?”
Offended and disconcerted, Dean shook his head. He couldn’t fathom why this was happening. This was the last thing he expected to hear and the last person he expected to hear it from. They had been so careful. “I think you’re mistaken…”
Castiel Novak jogged on, questioning his own sanity in coming here. Every now and then, moans and grunts from the nearby brush would reach his ears. Some though didn’t even bother to hide themselves from passersby. Men in various states of dress sucking and fucking for the world to see.
A little nod was all that Castiel could manage. He watched Dean scoot back onto his thighs, revealing the prominent tent in his shorts. As soon as he saw Dean reach for the waistband of his shorts, he let his head thunk back to the ground, sure he wouldn’t be able to handle the sight that would accompany the feeling. He felt his cock spring free of its confines and cool air rushed over it.
“Speaking of Sam, what excuse did you give for taking him to a gay bar?” Castiel asked with a chuckle.
“I understand that, but that’s not what I asked.” He gestured behind him. “The bathroom door is right there. You hadn’t thought about going in there with me and seeing what it would be like to try?”
The line went dead and Castiel scooted up in his bed to lean against the headboard. Imagining Dean running around to clean up his cum was a hilarious thought. He couldn’t help the tiny part that wished he would have been caught. A hand lazily stroked over the tent that had formed in his sheet.
As odd as what Chelsea had done had been, he knew his own behavior was far from normal. He was letting the situation with Dean get into his head in a really weird way.
Dean had always been a slut and he owned up to that, but he’d never even been tempted to touch someone underage. There were always plenty of legal options to keep him busy. As he scrubbed away his cum, he didn’t know what to do about Castiel, but he knew that for the first time, he was going to be picky at the club the tomorrow night. He was going to find a dark-haired, blue-eyed young guy to bring home and pound into the mattress.
“Yeah, thanks for the memo on that, by the way,” he interjected. Not letting the hurt and pain he felt color his words was impossible. He’d pushed it down for too long. “Glad running away worked out so well for you, but I was left completely lost and confused. I told you I wouldn’t let you go until you asked me to. I didn’t hear you ask.”
Sitting down across from Cas, he sees the page from her waitress book that does indeed have a phone number on it. He spins it around to read her name. “Chelsea. Going to take Chelsea somewhere nice?” he asked, trying to hide his annoyance.
Skipping all the details, he gave the punchline instead. “A girl came over last night and stole a tin fish off my wall, literally, right in front of me. She said, ‘I’m taking this,’ and left.” The end of the story had him and Emily both giggling again.
The look made his heart skip, but he had to look away. "Okay, commando. Let's get you some clothes." Dean waved and headed back to his room.
The next morning, Castiel didn’t have to walk to school. Donna was taking Dean up to get registered, so he rode with them. He was incredibly happy about getting to have his new friend with him. Even though he was older, he was still in Castiel’s grade due to missing a lot of classes because of his father’s poor behavior and getting held back.
It felt like time stopped. His heart was no longer beating, breath was no longer entering his body. Cas turned his head towards a voice he hadn’t heard in years, one he would never forget. Standing at the front of the sedan in black slacks, a white button-up, and a loose jacket was Mick, Castiel’s former boyfriend. His dark hair was styled nicely and those seafoam green eyes that Cas had spent so much time staring into were wide and bright as he smiled nervously. “Mick...hello.” Cas closed the car door and the two men stared at each other.
After tossing the jeans aside, Castiel set to work, licking and sucking at the bulge in Dean’s briefs. He was thoroughly wetting the material, moaning as he was getting himself worked up with what he was doing. His whole body was tingling with excitement and anticipation.
Dean couldn’t look at Mary because if he did, he would be glaring and that was a good way to get smacked by his dad. Instead, he sighed and looked to the ceiling. “She’s getting back together with her boyfriend and I’m not interested anyway.” Finally, looking at where Mary sat in the armchair, he said. “I will date who I want to date.”
Pulling him into his arms, he said, “Did I like watching your ass turn red? Did I like seeing you squirm? Did I like hearing you moan and grunt and practically beg for more? Hell yeah! It was incredibly hot. The fact that you like it that much is such a huge turn on for me. Trust me. I have all kinds of ideas running through my head about things I would like to try with you now that I know this.”
Those words practically had Dean floating, but at the same time, he was confused by what the doctor had told him. “They said I didn’t work there anymore? When was this?” As soon as he heard the date, he was livid. “My boss sent me home for a week. I guess you could say it was a suspension, but I still worked there.”
The next few days went well. Dean’s saw his results had arrived Thursday morning before school. It took him a few deep breaths and a silent prayer before he was able to open the file and take a look. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the negatives all the way down the list. He took a photo of his screen to send to Cas later.
Reading those words had Dean grinning. It was nice to know that he wasn’t the only one feeling like everything was better when they were together.
The question was a perplexing thing to ask, but Dean answered anyway. “I don’t know. When I was little, my mom used to tell me that angels were watching over me while I slept. Why?”
“Yeah, I won’t.” Sam looked thoughtful for a moment and then added, “Dad’s gonna kill you...or him. Maybe both of you.”
The man looked up just as he was pulling a cigarette from a pack. He raised his eyebrows, but smiled. “Well, hello, handsome. You need something?”
Thinking about it, he said, “Okay. I would really like that. I don’t guarantee I can or will stay all the time, but knowing I can lock up after you leave would keep me here more often during the week. Not tonight though.” He gave another kiss to a pouting Dean and then headed for the door, Dean right behind him.
Setting that problem aside, he opened the packet and slid it on with Cas already crawling to him. “Are you sure, Cas?”
“Wouldn’t hurt you to do something with that mop on your head,” Dean countered. “Mom said to try to look nice.”
Down the hall, blue eyes peeked out from the janitor closet, watching them walk into the cafeteria. Once they were out of sight, he stepped out.
The words definitely had him padding along behind like an obedient puppy. Dean followed Castiel into his office, remembering how much fun they’d had the last time they were there. It was dimly lit by a single lamp, giving the dark room a near romantic feel, though the way Cas pulled him close for a sweeping kiss may have also had an impact.
Dean rolled his eyes and reached forward, gripping the edges of the black button up Cas had on, pulling them back together. “No. I didn’t mean no. Just...slow down. Okay?”
Remembering their talk about safe words and the stoplight method, he licked his lips. “Red.” A shiver of nervous excitement hit as he wondered if it would be so bad that he would need it.
Dean cocked his head. He’d often felt the same way, but knew better now. “No. No matter what you said or did, you weren’t asking to be hurt.”
One by one, Sam, Charlie, and Benny would come by to sit with him a bit. They all tried to get him to talk, but he had nothing he wanted to say. He just wanted to be alone. Each of them still invited him to come out with them or to come over, something, anything, to get him out of the apartment, but he wouldn’t even respond. He’d just stare at the TV and wait for them to go.
Castiel grinned. Dean had said, “Good,” when he told him he didn’t want to wait. It seemed obvious that Dean intended to wear down any resolve Castiel had as quickly as possible. To be fair, the resolve was not that strong. He didn’t need Dean to leave his wife to fuck him. That only mattered if there was going to be a relationship. As long as Castiel could keep his heart out of the mix until he knew for sure, then all would be okay.
“Play your cards right and I’ll let you,” Cas bantered back before pulling him in for a wonderfully slow hello-kiss that left Dean feeling even giddier. After Dean set his bag down and removed his shoes, Cas grabbed his hand. “Come on. I want to show you something.” He led him through to the living room where they’d watched the movie before. The coffee table held Castiel’s laptop and two piles of papers. “I’m kind of excited and bit worried about what you’re going to say.” Letting go, he motioned for Dean to sit. They each took a spot on the couch, turned to face each other.
Dean sighed. The last client meeting he’d sat in on was a marketing-focused meeting in which the client said they would think about what had been presented. He assumed they finally came to their senses and realized what a good deal it was.
His plan of hiding from Dean was easy to do. The building was big and there were things for both of them to be doing. The few times he did see Dean he was able to just go a different direction. It worked out well until Tuesday afternoon when Castiel stopped by Gabriel’s office to drop off a form for him to sign and see if he wanted lunch.
Dean grinned. He was doing that a lot with Castiel. “Just until we get inside. Then you can get as loud as you want.”
Shoving at his shoulder, Dean said, “You know what I mean. You said dealing with all those past feelings was hard. So, are you okay?”
, he thought. The softness of her was a pleasant experience. When her hand slipped between them though and pressed to his crotch, he jumped back. “Whoa, um,...”
At last, Cas leaned in for a final kiss and then stepped back out of Dean’s arms. “You need to go home now, Dean.”
Gabriel shrugged innocently. “What? You mean the message where you, the man who swore off dating, nonchalantly mentioned that you’re dating a kid? Your friends’ kid no less?”
Dean pulled off the manicured lawn and sped off down the road. The two men rode in companionable silence until Dean hit a four-way stop with no other cars in sight. “Come ‘ere.”
“Noted.” He continued to twist and spread his fingers until Dean once again begged for more. It was a plea Cas obliged, adding the third finger. Dean was sounding so needy and desperate that it was turning Cas on. He was practically humping the air with the desire to get inside him. “Fuck, need you now.”
The boy’s eyes went wide and he waved his hands. “No, no, no! That’s not what it is. I asked for this.”
“Lisa, you know as well as I do that this isn’t working anymore.” Dean put his hands in his pockets as he looked at his wife. It had been easier to admit than he had thought it would be. Unfortunately, she was not on the same page.
“And don’t you forget it,” Dean answered with a grin as he rolled to his side, making space at the edge of the bed for Cas to join him.
Laughing, Dean said, “Yeah, I think we can make that happen for you, old man.” That taunt earned him a swat on the butt.
“I don’t know what he thought at the time, but we chatted some about it and I made it clear that she held no appeal to me whatsoever. Despite that, when it was time to play pool he didn’t want to stay at the bowling alley because of the girl.
Finally, Dean took his hand and pulled Cas over by one of the 4-H barns. “Do you want to tell me what’s up? I’m trying to have a good time with my boyfriend, but every time I reach for him, he’s not there. Are you mad at me for something?”
Thomas seemed just short of laughing, but Ricky was glaring daggers at Castiel. “Just friends?” he spat. “Your
Looking as annoyed as Dean expected, the guy said, “Mick. My name is Mick...despite the fact that wasn’t what you called me.” He didn’t bother saying anything else, just walked out the door, slamming it behind him, probably making his own head hurt worse.
It took Castiel a moment to realize what he might be getting ready to do. When he figured it out, he let out a little whimper. Rimming was something he’d always loved, but Balthazar refused to do. He sent up a little prayer that he wasn’t wrong about what Dean was going to do. The first swipe of that flat tongue over his hole caused a deep, pleased moan to erupt from his mouth. It was only the first pass, but it felt like heaven.
Cas chuckled as his arms slid around Dean’s neck. “You saw me every day, but, yeah, I definitely missed this.”
He pulled his hand back and worked to make a quick exit. It was something he would have to explain to Castiel later, but he needed to get away. “Nice to meet you. Cas is a great student and does wonderfully in class. I hate to run, but I do have to check on some things. I hope you all have a great time.” He nodded and turned around, heading back to the booths he was supposed to check on.
After setting his plate in the sink with Dean’s, Castiel paused, gripping the counter. Taking a few deep breaths, he turned to walk over to Dean. He still showed no emotion, but his face had softened. Taking Dean’s face in his hands, he bent over and kissed him gently. “Come on.” Grabbing Dean’s hand, Cas pulled him upright and led him back towards the bedroom.
“I will...as soon as you get up and come with me. I can see, Cas. Let me see you. Please,” he begged.
It didn’t help that during lulls in the conversation or long stories, his thoughts kept drifting to Castiel and what he had planned for either reward or punishment.
It was such legal speak, not like Dean at all. It was cold and Dean wasn’t like that. He was a warm, caring person. He tried to calm himself as he flipped the eggs.
Dean finally gave up and sat down in the middle of the couch. He didn’t trust his thoughts, but ignoring them was getting harder and harder. Unfortunately, once he actually tried to make sense of everything in his head, too much was flying around for him to think straight.
“No, I’m not,” he interrupted. “We frequent the same clubs, you know. It was interesting enough when I saw Castiel’s car pull up since he shouldn’t have been able to get in, but it was even better when I saw you appear, my very hot lay. I had been hoping to run into you again for another round. Anyway, I watched you, unable to keep your hands off my dear nephew.” He took a few steps back toward the front of the class. “It was bad enough when I thought you were just older, but seeing you’re his fucking teacher? Tsk, tsk, Dean. You should have kept your hand out of the cookie jar. Now you’re in trouble.”
Jack smiled down at him. "Castiel, why are you a cat?" With a wave of his hand, the angel was back in his human form...and completely naked.
When Castiel winked and moved to the seat in the back right hand corner that was in line with Dean’s desk, Dean closed his eyes.
It wasn’t something he needed to be told twice. Despite the great time he’d just had with Dean, Castiel was desperate to get away from the depravity. He hurried off to his car, jumping in, and setting Dean’s number in his passenger seat. Unsurprisingly, the black Impala followed him most of the way, only veering from the path for a gas stop.
Castiel woke up on his own a little after seven. Even after their late night, his body was still trying to stick to the schedule he’d been following for years. He turned his head to see Dean sleeping peacefully next to him, looking like pure beauty. Smiling, he quietly slipped out of bed and, after taking care of morning necessities, headed to the kitchen to start the coffee.
Dean scrawled his number across the back of the receipt and held it out to Castiel. “Don’t ever come out here again. Next time you decide you want a little more ‘experience,’ call me instead. I’ll help.”
As his eggs fried in the pan, he thought more about the first text. That one scared him. The second one though.
Dean had attempted to have them both get ready when he woke up in the morning, but his attempt failed. Instead, he ended up bent over the bathroom sink while Castiel fucked him from behind, watching his face in the mirror. In this instance, Dean didn’t mind the delay.
. Who knew?” He thanked her for the messages and headed to the right. The office at the back corner was his. Gabriel’s office was on the opposite corner and a large boardroom sat between them.
Feeling a bit better now that he knew Castiel hadn’t been on Grindr and still wanted him, Dean offered a small smile. “I didn’t mind that. It was kinda hot. I liked it.”
Dean scooted up onto his elbows to take a better look around. He realized he was naked from the waist down though he was covered up. Finding his clothes and bag right next to him, Dean pulled out a pair of boxers to put on and then went to find Cas.
Dean nodded. “Yeah. Why wouldn’t I? They both know and it shouldn’t be weird that I’m going to my boyfriend’s house.” Looking over Castiel’s shoulder, he asked, “What you thinking about cooking?”
Unless he did some major restructuring, busier meant he would have less of his own time. He made a note to speak to Hannah and get her thoughts and to possibly hire an assistant. Just as he finished writing on what had to be his twentieth post-it note for the day, Gabriel came waltzing into his office unannounced.
Dean’s eyes were wide with shock. He couldn’t believe that she had just barged in and other than saying hello, she was mostly ignoring the teen on his couch. Glancing at Cas, the kid looked like he was ready to climb behind the couch to hide. Ignoring her question, he said, “What are you all doing here?” He knew it wasn’t a friendly visit because people don’t force entry into a home for that.
“Nope. I know you don’t want to disappoint me.” Cas groaned loud into the phone again. “You should see me, so fucking hard for you. I can’t wait to put this big dick in your tight ass, Dean. I’m gonna have you coming all night long. Let you ride me and I -”
“Knew you wanted me, Cas. I knew it before you did.” He shifted his hips, fucking slowly into Castiel’s mouth in short thrusts. “I saw you walk in the lobby that day I came for the interview. Rushing through in your perfect suit with this gorgeous sex hair.” He ran his hands through Castiel’s messy hair. “Even if I wouldn’t have gotten the job, I would have hunted you down. There’s just something about you.” Gripping the sides of Castiel’s head, he pulled him back and off his erection so he could bend over and look into those big blue eyes. “You’re made for me, Cas. I just know it.”
Castiel was surprised to see Dean actually looking a little nervous. “I love the flowers, but the beer is good, too. I also have wine if you’re into that. Come on. I’ll put these in water.” Cas headed back to the kitchen to find a vase he knew he had in one of the cabinets.
That still left him two days to kill. Normally, he’d only be at the gym late at night on his days off. He shifted his sleep schedule so he wouldn’t pass out on Sam and spent his days working out. He was going harder than usual and one of the trainers even advised him to take some time off to rest. It felt good though to focus on something other than work, other than Doctor.
Cocking his head, it took Castiel a moment to realize what Dean thought. “Oh! No, no! This is not a dildo. It’s lube.” He unscrewed the bottom to show him. “Gabriel got this for me as a gag gift for Christmas and I had to toss it somewhere before a meeting. I totally forgot about it.” He sniffed at the opening. “It even smells like a candy cane.”
It was around three so there wasn’t much activity in the lobby. A couple of women with heels that clicked were walking toward the elevator and a delivery driver was leaving the main office with his clipboard in hand. Other than that it was empty. The driver was heading his way though.
They had made it through two games, tied at one each with general chatter. A couple turns into the third game, Benny walked around the table to find the best shot. “So, ready to talk about what’s on your mind?” His eyes didn’t stray from the table in front of him.
Joining Castiel on the bed, Dean decided to start at the top and work his way down. He carefully straddled Castiel, oddly enjoying the feeling of the soft t-shirt and shorts against his bare skin. He bent over him to kiss along his stubbled jaw, but he didn’t get far before Cas turned his head, catching Dean’s lips with his.
“Ha! Yes, I definitely am, but I like it that way. Never been with a girl though. Maybe I’m missing out,” she joked.
It was such a weird question, especially coming from Sam. It caught him off guard. “Dean’s wife? She seems really kind and sweet. Funny, too. Can I ask why you asked?”
Dean looked up at Castiel. “I started to take things off the case and handed him the box. Butter-fingers here dropped it. Ow!” He jerked his hand back and shook it, looking at the poke. “Might as well be a punishment.” Looking back to Castiel, he added, “Though I’m usually the one to dole them out.” His voice had taken on that flirtatious note and he winked.
“Aww! You poor thing,” she consoled, rubbing his arm. She took the drink that was sat in front of her and took a sip. “Perfect,” she complimented and Bass nodded, moving back down the bar.
“Fuck, no!” He stepped closer so he could wipe the tears that had escaped Cas’s eyes and were rolling down his cheeks. Looking into the beautiful deep blue of his eyes, he was able to say what he really meant. “I’m worried about fucking something up. Tell me what I’m supposed to do.”
Castiel admitted that he was a nephilim, his wings being the only angelic feature he had. “I don’t really have any reason for existing. Sometimes I don’t want to.”
Accepting the paper back, he said, “Well, the hope is that when I move, it will be for the final time. So, I want a place big enough for my family to visit, big enough to work out of when needed.” He paused as his eyes moved to Dean’s. “And, I’m not saying anything specific, but my hope is that I wouldn’t be living there alone. Hopefully, I would get to share the home with someone I love.”
Dean pressed his nose to Cas’s neck, breathing him in. “God, baby, I have missed you so much.” Cas turned in his arms and Dean saw the wet lines running down his cheeks. “Shit, Cas. I’m so sorry I caused any of this,” he said as he wiped the trails away. He had to blink back his own tears. Seeing so clearly the pain he'd caused made his heart ache. “I never wanted to hurt you.”
Dean’s resolve cracked, but stayed intact. “Stick with me. Just a few more minutes, Cas.” At Castiel’s insistence, he became slightly rougher in his ministrations in order to open him up quicker. He still refused to do anything that would cause excessive pain though. When he finally felt Castiel was ready, he pulled his hand out and grabbed the candy cane back up. “So ready for this,” he groaned as he lubed up his cock.
Emily looked into the back to see Castiel leaning against the stainless steel table in the middle of the room. “Are you okay?” She knew it had to have been hard to see Dean again.
“Spread your legs,” Cas ordered. When Dean did as he was told, Castiel reached between them to find Dean’s cock granite-hard and leaking so much precome that Dean had a trail down his leg and droplets all over the floor. He slid his hand up and down the shaft a few times. “You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?”
Grabbing a water from the fridge, he plopped down on his couch and turned on the TV, catching up with the news of the day. Another lying politician and a Hollywood scandal were not enough to keep his brain from ending up back in the office, imagining what would have happened had Sam not showed up right when he did. Had Dean said okay, Castiel would have his mouth on his instantly with a hand on his hip to pull them flush together. The other would have pressed firmly over that tattoo, the reminder.
“Ooh! Cheesecake! You are so forgiven!” She checked the bags, grabbing the one that had her dessert. “Wanna come watch the episode of
Instincts were telling Castiel not to trust this new boy. He could be setting him up. His heart said it was worth the risk. He took Dean’s hand and shook. “Cool.”
They’d done this enough that Castiel knew exactly what things turned Dean on, what pushed him towards the edge. He ran his tongue along the vein on the underside of the dick while his eyes were locked on Dean’s. It drove the man crazy when he did that. While he used one hand to keep the heavy cock at the perfect angle, the other slipped between his legs to fondle his balls. It wasn’t his main reason for doing so though. As he sank down, two fingers slipped back to press against the sensitive perineum.
Dean let his head rest back against the brick behind him with a moan. “Fuck, Cas. Love what you’re doing to me.” Not wanting to be vague, he slid his arms further around Cas’s waist, tightening his hold and then pushed his own hips forward. It let Cas feel exactly how turned on he was.
It was easy to not think about it, not admit to, when Dean had told them they couldn’t be together. It would have hurt too much. With Dean’s promise to fix things between them though, he could finally admit to himself that he had fallen and fallen hard.
“Painting my toenails. What does it look like? Don’t act like I never do anything girly.” She shot him a daring glance, then went back to her work.
At the bowling alley, Dean was not playing well. “Damn it!” he growled as he missed the four pins that had been left standing from his first ball.
In such a small state, Castiel had no way to save Dean from himself. He could barely hang on to Dean’s hand due to him pistoning the large object in and out of his body. Needing to distract him, Cas left the unstable perch of his hand to land on his cheek.
“Let’s head to the table. We have some awesome chicken you have to try.” Looking to Dean, she said, “Go tell your brother that dinner is ready.”
Grateful for something to do, he nodded and got to work setting out the food, listening quietly to Castiel and John’s jovial talk. For a moment, he felt bad. His dad really liked Cas and Dean hated to think this could cost their friendship. It was too late to turn back now.
“You could be worrying over nothing. Maybe Dad won’t care.” Sam was not used to being on the receiving end of bitch faces, but that was exactly what he got from his brother. “Just a possibility.”
As the last of his orgasm faded away, Cas pulled out. He was so exhausted that all he wanted to do was roll over next to Dean, but he had to see it. Sitting back, he looked at Dean’s stretched hole as leaking cum dribbling down towards the sheets. Pleased, he reached for the nearest piece of clothing he could find, his boxers, and cleaned his chest off before collapsing next to Dean and pulling him close. “Is it too soon to tell you I love you again?” he asked against Dean’s shoulder.
“Whatever. I’ll try to talk to Sam. For now, I’m going back to dinner. Nice to officially meet you, Cas. Keep Dean in line.”
Sam laid out the two meetings that they had for the day. “Mark and Persephone are the ones with Mar-Tech and we see them at eleven. They were the ones considering handing over their basic IT to a third-party in order to give them more time to focus on investors. Then we have Corbin, Devon, and Jace with their startup, Definity, at three.”
“I won’t bother asking who your friend is. Knowing you, you probably don’t know his name anyway,” she smirked as she locked her door. It was obvious that Sam had told her about the Mick incident.
“I don’t doubt you, Dean. I am not upset, at least not at you. I am upset that I let you get to a point where you met someone like that at all, but that is my fault. That,” he gestured in the direction of the food counter with disgust, “is the consequence of my inaction. I don’t think that is someone that I will ever get along with, but I trust you.” The smile that earned him was nearly blinding in its brilliance.
At the Impala, Dean opened the passenger door, tossing the bag in the back, then waving for Cas to get in. Just because he rarely had to be a gentleman didn’t mean that he was unable. He was kind of enjoying getting the opportunity. When he slid into the driver’s seat, he immediately found himself with a lap full of Cas.
Castiel looked up into the green eyes that he stared into as a cat on his chest. Dean had cared for him very well. Had he been a cat forever, he knew he would have been safe. "Yes, Dean. With my life."
Ever the efficient multi-tasker, Dean managed to get Castiel’s shoes, pants, and boxers off and tossed to the side, never once losing suction on the cock in his mouth. With those items aside, he was able to take Castiel in his hand and lick a firm stripe up the underside.
Dean had enough energy to chuckle and agree. While Castiel got out of the car, Dean righted his jeans and sat up to slip his shirt back on, making sure he redid all the buttons that were done when he left the house. At this level, it wasn’t difficult to see that Cas was still hard. He started to reach out, but Cas grabbed his wrist.
This hallway seemed to lead to the press conference room, as the sign said. As Dean made his way there, he jumped, scared out of his wits from a group of zombies pressing their bodies against the windows in front of the double faced doors. Only metal bars kept them back from mauling him apart. He didn’t really check if Castiel was in danger or not, but the angel seemed to handle himself on his own.
There was something went under his back. It felt oily, like car grease, but lightweight like water. Dean couldn’t turn around to look. He wasn’t bothered too.
“You said I had a purpose.  A purpose for what?” Dean lived his life as a hollow tusk waiting for a monster to gank him on a hunt. He never believed he’d live past the age of 30. Sometimes it got so bad that he woke up early and stayed in bed wishing for it all to be over. So him and Sam wouldn’t stay cleaning up other people’s messes. He had enough of hunting.
i just love it when dean calls cas "baby" instead of "buddy" in a homoplatonic way boys./.... follow me at @80SCASTIEL on twit
His eyes started to close, almost drifting off to neverland. He’s been on the road for hours and hours on end, he needed a rest. And more food. And water—-
It was one of those rare days where Dean needed a break. A break from everything really. A couple days ago, Sam and him got off on a hunt in Wichita, killing a couple werewolves snacking on dumb teenagers who went into the woods playing Manhunt. It ended bloody, like most hunts did. They checked into a motel not far from Wichita, and slept. Well, slept for maybe a few hours.
work? How does it heal anyway, do I have to eat it?” He starting munching on the green leaf, grimacing at the bitter taste. He spit it out almost immediately, but he noticed a pain in his side suddenly disappearing. And a cut in his right hand fading. “... The hell?”
One of the scribbles was a lion’s head with a slot machine under it. Dean thought it was one of those betting machines you play at Vegas, but to Cas he swore he saw something like this before...
“We’re not cops, Dean. And no, they don’t work.” He didn’t provide any other explanation, other than ‘it don’t work’. The fuck was that supposed to mean?
all along. But only because he was driving and he needed to keep his head straight. He didn’t want to have another breakdown behind the wheel thinking about his time in Hell again. If this was an angel, he would have the power to raise him up. Which would answer all his questions.
He only got Sam’s number in case he saw some weird shit, and to give him a call. He claimed he was in the “wrong place at the wrong time”, and maybe the boys would wanna hunt whatever cannibal is snacking on these hikers, because he sure as hell won’t.
“What are we looking for? Something that looks like a coin?” He jumped at the sudden bang against the clear window, by a famished zombie. Luckily Dean found plenty of discarded wooden boards around here to hinder the zombies coming in from outside.
“Oh come on dude, don’t give me this missionary shit. Monsters is one thing, angels? And heaven? Two different things. At least monsters will give me answers.” He scoffed, the sign indicating Raccoon City a half mile away passing by them.
“Or what, you’ll pull me outta hell again?” He joked, making his way to the weapons storage. “First, I hate using a single gun. And-“ He was interrupted by an elderly zombie still in his uniform, grabbing his sleeve. It must’ve been hiding behind the door.
This has happened too many times. He wasn’t sure if Sam left to do some weird shit with his mind, or if he was just getting food. He got up, looking for some note or something and found a notebook on the table reading
“I cant believe demons are the damn reason why this shit happened. But then again I’m not really surprised either.” Dean headed down a dark corridor with Castiel trailing behind him. “Can’t believe they took down a whole fucking city too.”
There were too fucking much. He didn’t have the strength. He gave a loud cry, shaking his legs and kicking but too many forced him down on the wooden surface.
“Let’s go!” The dude clearly wasn’t amused to be giving orders at a time like this. Dean wasted no time in getting in. He got in the front seat, revving up the engine and when the guy sat down and slammed his door shut, he backed up and drove over the curb. He was pretty much speeding, hastily leaving the station behind, with his Baby.
“U-Uh, I don’t think so. That would be unfortunate.” He stuttered over his words, feeling stupid all of a sudden. He could not interact with humans at all. 99% of the time, he looked very stupid after every conversation.
But the motel room was locked, and food was sitting on the table half-eaten. A laptop was left on, running programs. The notebook the motel had was scribbled in memos about what Dean needed to get the next time he went to a convenience store, with ‘beer’ crossed out. The vintage yellow wallpaper was peeling off the walls. The bed was falling apart.
“Well thanks, Mr. Kent. That saved me a whole hour and a half finding a fucking chain snapper, or whatever the thing’s called.”
“Jesus... What could’ve done this?” Dean never saw anything like this before in all of his hunts. Not a slashed off jaw. A can dropping on the floor caught the attention of the two, the sound coming from at the end of the long corridor. Another police officer hung from the pipes by his head, impaling through his temple. Whatever monster was here had a hell of a time.
“I believe this is where the police officers mostly stayed in?” On the right of them had a weapons storage, and an office was on the other. There were two hallways Dean could look through, or they could split up.
“Get the hell outta here, dude. There’s no such thing as angels, or whatever. God? Heaven? There’s no way you people exist-“ He was cut off before he could finish.
out the side of his neck. Fresh blood spilled from the wound, pooling around the floor as the officer laid dying, choking on his own blood. Pieces of his neck hung out from over the jaw of the man. Or .. whatever that thing was.
“This .. This is your problem, Dean. By now you didn’t think zombie’s existed, but with God, you question?” Castiel’s baby blues seemed to peer into his soul.
, or at least tried to look with its dead beading eyes. The sunken eyes and the flesh hanging off the man’s cheeks. It smelled horrible, like it’s been decomposing for a few weeks, evident that it’s plastic looking flesh was hanging off his face.
The newly created ones. And contrary to popular belief, they don’t learn to fly until they’re Fledglings.” He explained in a calm manner.
“It’s not needed. I’ll break open the police car, let’s go.” The man tried to open the police vehicle. But the cop must’ve left his keys inside. He wasn’t going back inside for some damn keys.
“So you said you guys use it? Why’s it here then?” He started looking for the foil Cas was talking about, or just a sleeve. Or maybe just a shirt he could tear apart to form a bag.
“You wanna take this side, and I can take the other?” Dean meant the one where paintings were lined across. There was also a staircase and a glass window he hasn’t boarded up yet.
Castiel’s wings were beautiful. A white light illuminated from his figure, making the highlight on his wings glow. Dean could see the base of his feathers, which were pristine white but halfway through, the tips were burnt off. Or smeared with a black substance, like charcoal. Some feathers fell to the ground, and Dean could
It looked like scribbles to Dean but to Castiel, he saw not just the notebook, but the station in a different view. “Was this station originally used for something else?” He asked. Dean shrugged, and Uriel stayed silent. “Because if that’s the case... There should be something underneath the station that could be a way out. A sewer system maybe.” He stood up while holding the notebook in his other hand.
He had to swivel his wheels a bit to cause friction on the ground so he could stop, gravity forcing the figure back and, from where he was sitting, he watched their head slam into the pavement. If he was outside, he would’ve heard a
“Yes, Castiel.” This.. the guy turned his full body to Dean. “I’m the one who saved you from those infected creatures. I gripped you right and raised you from perdition.”
Forging ahead through the zombie-infested streets, Dean Winchester and Castiel finally arrive at the Raccoon Police Department, but even here, it is no longer safe.
So Sam went, and left a rather long paper giving a sparknotes review on what Adam told him, on the motel table. He left while Dean was dead asleep. He only woke up to the blaring horn of a truck passing by their roadside motel. He noticed something was off, and when he looked to the side only to not see
The gas station light ahead caught his attention. The station was way closer than he thought. He drove to the side of the post where he could open the fuel door, taking his keys out the engine. He left the car, grabbing the gas pump and was just about to open the door when he noticed something was off.
Because Sam got a call from their little brother Adam. Well, half-brother. They both got the same dad (unfortunately). He said he was in Raccoon City, and he needed help investigating a couple cannibalistic cases that maybe Sam and Dean would take interest in. Now Adam wasn’t a hunter— he hated that term. Loathed it even. He was just an “investigator”, meaning he caught wind of weird cases and sent them to any hunters who were interested in taking them. But he still lived a normal life. Going to medical school, still in the process of getting his nursing license. He was living normally, and he didn’t want to engage in any of this hunting shit. Not after he lost his mom to ghouls.
He hummed, never taking his eyes off the road. He was thinking how he’d greet Adam, probably invite him to eat burgers somewhere with Sam so he’d explain the case, and then Dean would go off drinking and hit up somebody hot—
“Not my car....” He really had to leave his Baby behind? With all those disgusting rotting zombies? Not only that but he left dad’s journal behind as well, so whatever the thing that started this is, he’ll just have to brainstorm.
“Uh- yes.” He was a bit taken aback by the ‘baby’ remark but it must’ve been a nickname. “I think I shot before thinking.”
“Huh..?” He went to open the door but it was locked tightly. Did the guy he just helped out abandon him in here with whatever attacked him? Wow. Smooth. “Hey man, open the door!” He budged against it, nothing. Maybe there was a separate door where they got restocks, so he wasn’t too worried. But he was worried about whatever the hell made that wound on the guy’s neck.
But he couldn’t just stop. The black hole around his chest grew bigger and bigger, consuming his empty soul and leaving just the shell of what his father wanted him to be. A soldier. A pawn. Sammy’s protector.
“They mutate into something completely... horrendous. If angels could dream, it could be a creature from our deep sleep. From Raziel’s messengers, to songbirds.” Uriel hissed in pain. “You’ll see one of them, Castiel. You’ll see.”
He tried to flip on the lights, nothing. The power was knocked out from the inside. Dean felt like he was in the middle of a hunt right now, which he did not plan on at all. Otherwise he’d get better equipment. There weren't any windows on the inside so it was just dark, with just his gun and the flashlight to guide him. He heard a scuffle coming from the storage area and carefully opened the door.
, the word in the midst of all those thousand parades of loud trumpets, shrill voices, thin screams. Dean thought he was imagining it, but no... He wasn’t.
Dean caught sight of a door with chains wrapped around the handles, preventing anyone from coming inside. Or keeping something inside. He shook it around, maybe thinking somebody left it loose, but it was locked right. He needed a bolt cutter. And he only knew that in..... His car.
“Calm down, brother. I just asked a simple question, you don’t need to get... feisty. And no, he didn’t tell me.”
The driver immediately opened the door, his hands coming up to his head in disbelief. Never in his decades of truck driving did he ran into somebody— an animal for sure but never a
“This has nothing to do with your father, Dean. This is your destiny.” If only Dean looked past the self-loathing when he’d notice he was more than a prophecy, or a warrior.
Meanwhile he was thinking about what was in those woods near Raccoon City. Couldn't be a werewolf otherwise Sam would’ve included that the heart was missing. Wasn’t a vampire either, because Sam would’ve said they were drained of blood, or the limbs were torn off everywhere. But no, the limbs were still mostly intact, it was just the meat gnawed off. Guts were ripped open as well, so they must’ve had a feast, whatever was out there. Whatever was....
“Well there is purgatory, but that universe is only reserved for monsters. Monsters and Leviathans.” He pointed his flashlight to the walls, ignoring all the bloodstreaks that almost blended into the wallpaper. “I wouldn’t worry about purgatory.”
Castiel inputted the code on the bottom of the lion, spinning the picture rolls until he got to the same pattern in the book —
There were giant streaks of blood across the floor heading into the station. Right outside the door. Now it made sense why there was a cop car here. Maybe somebody got into a scuffle. Having a gun by his side was better safe than sorry, which was drilled into his head since Sam was born. He didn’t plan on using it but just in case the cop was acting stupid.
Thanks to Charlie’s theater work, she had the perfect makeup for hiding the bruise on Dean’s neck. Just the first layer did wonders, but she was a perfectionist. It would be invisible when she was done. “So, are you seeing this dude again?”
“She is. I decided I want to have fun on my terms. Baby is fun I can have whenever I want.” It was true and also a little act of rebellion. Lisa didn’t like him driving the car all the time, but that was something she didn’t have a say over.
He leaned over and pressed a kiss to Castiel's lips as he grabbed his hand and brought it back to his cock. "No. Not at all." With his hand around Cas's, he began to move their hands up and down his shaft, showing him how to stroke. Once he had the hang of it, Dean let go and stood back up, reveling in the feel.
“Just wanted to thank you for this awesome weekend.” His smile was nothing but sweet and sincere now.
Emily followed his eyes to see both Lisa and Eileen heading for the staircase door. “Not bad necessarily.”
He grinned since it sounded like Castiel was in his bedroom. He kicked off his shoes and moved towards his room. “Hey. I’m really sorry about that. I know there’s… Holy fuck…” Dean’s jaw dropped when he got to his open bedroom door.
A girl with long dark hair, olive skin, and a yellow diner style waitress outfit crossed behind the bar and took a look at Dean. “Well, hello. Have you been helped?” she asked kindly.
He’d been hoping to get home at a reasonable time, but he knew how important this agreement was. “Of course. I’ll get started on it right away.”
It was on the tip of his tongue to say that’s what school is for, but he knew better than to back talk. Thankfully, Cas answered for him.
Thursday had been a fun-filled day. Once they’d returned from their walk, he’d spent most of the afternoon chasing Dean in a game of tag. Dean never questioned Castiel’s understanding. He seemed to accept that he was a butterfly unlike any to have ever existed. It was true enough.
“Here. Can you sit on my shoulder?” He brought his hand up to his shoulder and nudged the butterfly with his free hand.
He let his head lean back against the couch as his hand gripped more firmly around his quickly hardening erection. Dean’s face swam into view again and he imagined how divine those lips would feel wrapped around him. His free hand slid up over his chest, stopping to pinch at a nipple. He moaned softly as his thoughts filled with the way Dean’s arms had felt under his hands, how he had seemed to exude heat, how he had taken Castiel’s weak resolve and shredded it on a dance floor in front of everyone there. It was so unfair. Someone that young shouldn’t be capable of being so commanding. Castiel shouldn’t have given in so easily. He was used to being the one in control, but something about Dean made him want to relinquish that control and submit, particularly in one way.
“Seeing you is much, much different from getting to touch you,” he kissed his forehead, “kiss you,” a kiss to his nose, “fuck you.” The kiss that followed left them both happily breathless. “I’ll get your bags.”
“It’s okay. Things are better. The second guy who dumped me came crawling back and begged me to fuck him so things are good now.” Dean didn’t debate his words, only grinning as he took another bite so Cas continued his story. “Anyway, since I had twice been left for a woman and Emily seemed to find women enticing, as well, I thought perhaps there’s something there that I should try. Everyone else seemed to like it. I ended up running into Chelsea at Fishbone and decided I’d finally see what all the fuss was about. I invited her back here.” He paused to take another bite of his veggies.
It was nearly a godsend when the time rolled around and Dean was able to throw his bag in the car and head to Castiel’s. He was so wound up and couldn’t resist touching the bulge in his jeans just to ease some of the tightness. Going commando probably hadn’t been the best choice, but the roughness of the denim against his erection was actually kind of nice. He knew it wasn’t anything that would set him off before he got there, thankfully.
The next fifteen minutes were spent with Dean exploring every inch of Castiel’s wings, being careful when Cas told him certain spots were tender. Dean was pissed when he found out why those spots hurt. He promised Cas that he wouldn’t have to worry about those other boys anymore.
them feel it.” He reached down to a desk drawer and started rifling through the files. “Since you’re not succeeding at that job, I’m putting you on leave for a week.”
Dean shook his head. “Not now. I want you. The only reason I was talking to him was because I thought you didn’t want me back.”
Dean grinned. “You might know more than you think, Cas.” He returned to the balcony and went back to washing the windows, completely nude.
Considering how much Castiel enjoyed it, he was perfectly fine with letting it happen. He didn’t tell Dean how much he enjoyed it though. The feeling he was experiencing, the heat in his belly, and the stiffening in his pants was still new. From what he’d learned, it was arousal, but he kept that effect to himself.
Castiel couldn’t answer. He was too busy trying not to come from how hot and tight Dean felt around him. It was heavenly perfection and he sent up a prayer that he would last long enough to truly enjoy this first for them.
That evening, Dean pulled on a pair of form-fitting jeans and a black button-up. When he’d finished his grooming, he stopped in front of Castiel’s cage. “Look. I know I’ve been taking you everywhere with me, but where I’m going tonight, you can’t go.”
For the first time since his crush developed, Dean didn’t feel completely distracted, which was rather surprising considering what had happened. He was able to join Sam and play a few of the games that were set up. Carrying on conversations with people actually went well since he was able to ask them about the company they worked for. It was fun hearing about the working environment Castiel fostered and what his employees thought of him.
Castiel quirked an eyebrow and simply said, “Noted.” For a long moment, he stood staring at pink-cheeked Dean who was studying the ground. He seemed to come to some sort of decision as he took a step and his arms shot out, gripping the front of Dean’s t-shirt and jerking him forward.
Still starving, Dean put himself back in his pants and sat to eat as much as he could while she put on a loose shirt and pajama pants. While he ate, he berated himself over what he'd just done.
Dean was enjoying his burger, but even more enjoyable was the view he was given of Castiel’s backside. He let his eyes take it all in and try to imagine the same view without any clothes. He made quick work of the burger, ready to get his hands on the body he was eyeing.  When he finally finished with his food, Dean stepped up behind Cas, arms going around his waist, chin on his shoulder. The possibility of there being anyone here who knew him or Lisa was almost non-existent so he felt comfortable with the show of affection.
Dean did want to leave early, but not to go to the club. He just wanted to go home and fall asleep so he wouldn’t have to think anymore. He forced himself to stay though and joke around like he wasn’t having an internal crisis. At least when he left at two in the morning, he was able to fall asleep as soon as he got home.
With another sigh, Cas said, “This would be so much better in person. Monday is seeming far away, isn’t it?”
“Those...those aren’t anything. Just a side project I’m considering.” Cas moved his closed laptop onto the other stack, obscuring it from view. “Thank you for considering it. Now, I believe I made you a promise.”
Sam was ready to throttle his brother. This lunch was the most awkward thing that anyone of them had ever had to sit through and Dean wasn’t doing anything to make it better. Eileen and himself were doing what they could to have an engaging conversation with both members of the upset couple and while Lisa played along, Dean responded with the shortest answers possible and kept his focus on his food, wolfing it down. “How was it?” Sam asked him, having to raise his voice a bit as a police car went by.
When Lucifer had still been in Heaven, he’d told Castiel that the humans were a disgusting plague, a pest that their father should wipe off the Earth. The humans were the core of hate. It never really made sense to Castiel why any of their kind would want to leave the sanctity of their home to join the “pests” if that were true.
They were starting to draw some attention so they followed Eileen and Sam, keeping back to have their conversation. “He doesn’t have anything to do with this. This is about us, our relationship. I’m just not happy.”
In the kitchen, Dean provided the same mixture as the day before. Setting the bottle cap with the sugar water and the butterfly both on the table, he watched closely. Seeing the butterfly’s tongue like appendage uncurl was still just as interesting to watch. While it ate, he pulled up Pandora on his phone and started the classic rock station.
After a disastrous first game, Dean gave in. He sat down next to Castiel and sighed heavily as he looked across the lanes of families and couples having fun. “Benny and I met on Grindr.”
Once Castiel’s internet marketing company took off, meeting up with Cas happened less and less. Work kept him busy. It hadn’t mattered much to Dean until three months ago when he, Sam, and their dad had gone to Best Buy to get Sam’s birthday present, his first cell phone.
Dean could taste himself in Castiel’s mouth and it made him feel sated on a deeper level, past his bones and muscles that felt like jelly. It was just a contentment that felt right to know that Cas had been the one to bring him to this point.
Cas watched with a little grin as Dean got his jeans open and then stopped. He looked up to the lust-blown green eyes. “What? Not gonna pull it out for me, too?”
“Whose fault is that? I told you to bring Casey. You should have convinced him to come,” Charlie said from her spot on the porch swing across the deck.
This new position gave Cas added leverage and allowed him to go a little bit deeper. Eventually, he planned to take Dean in the way that he knew his boy so badly wanted, but today, they just needed to get off together. Cas slid partially out and then pushed back in, setting up a fast pace, being sure to slam against Dean’s ass with each forward thrust. He enjoyed the sound and Dean seemed to like the feel.
He did manage to make it around the desk to his seat, willing his erection to go away so he could leave the school without looking like the pervert he apparently was.
“See you tomorrow, brat.” One more kiss and then Castiel was heading out. Dean sighed as he stared at the closed door. He tried not to let it bother him too much. As soon as he left the school tomorrow, he’d head to the hardware store and have a key made just for Cas.
Sam dropped his head and nodded. “I bet. I just wanted to say I’m sorry. I know that you and Dean can’t talk, but I hope there are no hard feelings between us.”
“Here. Put it in here.” Dean had produced a small blue bag from his coat pocket. A small packet of wipes also appeared and he got to work, cleaning up his backside, before adding them to the bag.
Dean pulled his shirt off and tossed it aside before stepping out from underneath the throw Cas had put on him. He knew he looked good naked and loved seeing the familiar look return to Castiel’s face at the sight. “The looks you give are going to get you in trouble, Cas,” he murmured.
When Dean finally emerged from the bathroom, he was wearing a towel around his waist, clean from his shower. He sat down at the end of his bed, directly across from the home he made for Castiel. He stared at the little butterfly as if trying to see more than there was.
Castiel rose from the desk and moved around to Dean’s side, grinning wider when Dean refused to open his eyes. He went back and grabbed the paper from his desk, then, after checking that nobody was walking by at that exact moment, he pressed solidly up against Dean’s backside as he reached around him. He didn’t miss the small grunt that Dean tried to stifle. “I’ll redo the paper, but you can keep this one.” Not willing to press his luck, Castiel stepped away from Dean before anyone could walk by and glance inside. Picking up his backpack, he added, “I’ll redo the one from today, too.”
Sam looked impressed. “Wow. I’m glad you talked me into recommending you. It may the best thing that I’ve ever done. Maybe I should have asked you sooner.” He started in on his own burrito.
Dean nodded, pleased that at least Sam wasn’t mad. He would be if he knew the real reason they were there, but Dean was less concerned about that now. He had just held Cas in his arms again and kissed him. He was on cloud nine and never coming down. “Alright. Time for me to kick your ass at this.”
The phone vibrating in Castiel’s pocket broke the spell. Curious about who could be calling so late, he let go of Dean to fish the phone from his pocket. Gabriel’s name showed on the caller ID. “It’s Gabriel. I need to answer,” he told Dean with an apologetic look.
Dean stood in front of the bathroom mirror, messing with his hair for the umpteenth time. It needed to be perfect; everything needed to be perfect. It was why he was in his dark jeans that clung nicely and his slate gray button-up. It was as dressed-up as he got without having to be in a suit.
Since he had permission, Dean took his time to really look over Cas, seeing how the shirt bunched and moved with his muscles. He grinned as Cas began a slow turn. When Castiel's back was to him, his mind went right to the moment he had imagined his hand placed in the center of it. His gaze fell to his ass, still in those fitted black slacks, remembering his fantasy of being buried deep inside him. His cock twitched and started to harden.
Dean proceeded with the introduction. “Castiel, this is Charlie. She’s my best friend. Charlie, this is Cas...my boyfriend.”
This time his laugh was sincere. “I like that you’re so willing to please, but you don’t need a new phone. Yours is fine.” He kissed Dean once more before gripping his upper arms and pressing him a few steps back. “I really want you right  now, but now is not a possibility.”
He drug a hand over his face. “If you want to know what a real slut looks like, you’re looking at him. I started fucking around with students...a lot. Mostly mine, but some weren’t. They always came to me though. It went on for a couple years. I think the Dean of the University finally caught wind of it and decided to let me go without a scandal.” Seeing Castiel staring at him with wide eyes, he hung his head and offered an out. “I understand that it’s a pretty huge turn-off and, Cas, I didn’t want you because you were a student. I fought it. I tried everything to keep you off my mind.” He sighed.
It was surprising to Castiel, but he easily melted into it. He let his hands rest on Dean’s arms as he leaned back against him with a contented sigh. He felt the vibration of Dean’s deep chuckle against his back.
“The papers aren’t going to be ready until tomorrow and no, I didn’t feel like waiting to be with Cas. It was mostly selfish, but I also know that Lisa wouldn’t have signed the papers before. She would try to find some way to make it work. She’s either an eternal optimist or delusional. At least now, she might actually sign them.” Dean typed out a response and sent it to Lisa.
Since Dean seemed completely out of it and in no hurry to move, Castiel took the chance to explore. He walked carefully down the man’s stomach, trying not to tickle overly much. He stopped in front of one of the small white pools on Dean’s belly and found his curiosity overwhelming. He placed his front feet in the slightly sticky liquid to check its taste. It seemed rather bland, but nothing could have stopped his proboscis from lowering to sip at this new fluid.
Cas pouted, but did as he was told. He didn’t resume his stroking, instead running his hands over himself as he stared at Dean, willing the older man to join him on the bed.
“So what? We all do. If someone said they didn’t have baggage they’d be lying. Did yours have anything to do with why you were so mad last week?"
Lisa took a moment to consider what he said before responding. “I can’t do this, Dean. It was bad enough as just a thought in the back of my mind. This is real. You might not think it was cheating, but it is.”
“I know that! I still want them. I shouldn’t have to bring them all back to have the receipt adjusted. Since I’m keeping them, you should be able to pretend like I brought them back, do the refund, and then resell them to me at the correct price. Come on! This is common sense one-oh-one!” He frustratedly ran his free hand through his hair, gripping like he was going to rip it from his scalp. He did manage to let go after listening to whatever the caller had said. “This is not illegal!” It was obvious that he was trying not to shout, but he was losing his patience. “This is a simple retail transaction that you are making way too hard! Forget it! I will deal with your manager in person tomorrow. Tell him to expect me.” Castiel clicked the end call button and held his iPhone up like he planned to throw it. Reason took over though and the arm dropped back down.
The words almost broke Castiel. Hearing Dean saying he needed him touched that primal desire to please and protect. “Don’t worry, baby. I got you.” He reached between their bodies and gripped at the erection outlined in the jeans.
The doctor had kept his promise. He showed up at least once a month, sometimes two if Dean was lucky. Every time, Dean was left a complete mess, but thoroughly satisfied. Each session ended with a kiss between the two. It did seem that the kissing began to last longer as they went on. In the last scene, Dean was practically ready to go for a second round, by the time they stopped. Even the doctor looked thoroughly disheveled, blue eyes black with desire, but he’d pulled himself together and managed to do his usual end of the session spiel before leaving again.
Dean’s whole body suddenly felt cold without Cas pressing into him. “What are you doing?” he asked, confused.
Returning the smile, he said, “After that? I don’t think I could stop. I’m fucking spent and I still want you. How crazy is that?”
Dean knew his friends were worried about him, too. Nothing he had ever experienced was like what he was going through with Cas, but he couldn’t talk to any of them about it, not really. He told them that Casey had broken up with him. It was the closest thing he knew to the truth. No matter how many times he texted Castiel, he never got a response. Phone calls all went straight to voicemail after a single ring, a sure sign his number was blocked. He’d even taken to stalking Cas’s social media sites, but there were no recent updates. As far as he could tell, Cas had broken up with him, but he didn’t know why. He briefly wondered if Castiel might have seen him and his uncle together, but didn’t want to bring it up in case he hadn’t. That needed to be an in-person conversation. Not that it mattered at all since Cas was seemingly not getting his messages and wouldn’t respond to him even if he was.
It was an interesting realization that made him think maybe holding back wasn’t really as necessary as it seemed. He held his phone up to respond, but decided on a different tact. He took a selfie of himself lying there against his gray pillows, hair in disarray, still looking a bit sleepy. The picture was sent with a note.
Castiel followed him over to the beautiful black beast of a vehicle that he’d seen so often in the driveway next to his home. He watched as Dean opened the passenger door and rummaged through the glove box, finally emerging with a pen and an old receipt.
Cas looked all around Dean at the items on the board. “Where is it? Where is it?” Grabbing the front of Dean’s shirt, he said, “Oh, here it is.” He pulled hard and Dean easily fell into the kiss with a grin. The kiss was quick and with his hand still gripping Dean’s shirt, Cas turned to Ruby, eyes threatening. “This,” he shook Dean’s shirt, “is mine. Don’t touch what does not belong to you.”
His hand began to rush up and down as he shoved his fingers deeper inside himself. It only took seconds before he was biting his lip and whimpering as his cock began to shoot white spurts from the tip. It was so hard to stay quiet, but he did his best until the last tendrils of orgasmic bliss faded to peace.
By the time his fifth-period class arrived, he was feeling much more confident. He had one more class for sixth period and then he could either leave early or stay in the classroom to work. Pam had suggested he stay in case anyone stopped by with any last minute questions, but admitted she left early on occasions. He decided to stay.
“Sorry to bother you. I just got a text from my brother asking me to call and it sounds urgent. Can I check in and see what’s going on?”
He was slightly perturbed by the fact that Castiel always left before he did so he wouldn’t get to kiss him goodbye. That changed when he went out to his car after work and found a daisy sticking under a windshield wiper. It was accompanied by a small folded piece of white paper. On the inside, it read:
Castiel chuckled. “Guess we better go get in the shower now, huh?” Cas had liked getting to wash Dean’s muscular form the day before and was apparently looking forward to it again.
Castiel stared at the food on his plate. Dean had worked hard to make him feel like he was safe and cared for so he could be honest. It was just too big of an issue for him to get into. The longer he could avoid it, the better. “It’s not something I’m ready to talk about yet. Can we just leave it at that for now?”
Dean sighed and spoke quietly so only Cas could hear. “I have to get back to Sammy. Go home after this. I’m gonna text you later." He kissed him once more, regardless of the man standing there waiting for an explanation. As he walked out, he said, "I’m fixing this, Cas. Don’t you dare doubt it.” He didn’t even bother glancing at the driver as he left the restroom. That guy wasn’t important and would soon be out of their lives. When he walked back up to the pool table, Sam had a perplexed expression on his face. “What’s wrong?”
“Good.” Dean shuffled his feet a moment, looking a bit nervous. “I know this may be weird, but can I touch your face? It’s so I can have an idea of what you look like?”
Castiel was a little bit worried about how Dean was going to feel after that. It was definitely a new experience and one in which he learned a new fact about himself. That could be disconcerting for some people. When Dean turned around though, all Cas could see on his face was contentment.
As soon as the door swung shut, Dean found himself getting pulled from the ground and roughly shoved against the wall Cas had been leaning on. Both he and Cas were panting for breath now that they didn’t have to hide their noises. With his face pressed against the cold tile and Castiel behind him, holding him in place, Dean decided to push his luck. “Something wrong, Cas?” he snarked.
He sighed, knowing she would be just as disappointed by his story as he was by experiencing it. “There’s actually nothing to tell. It wasn’t a date. He just needed help. We put together the bookcases and then had a beer at Ocean’s.”
Dean didn’t know why Cas saying that made him chuckle, but it did. It was just one more thing to remind him that this person he was enjoying so much was still in school, high school to be exact.
He grabbed her arms. “Are you okay?” At her nod, he asked, “Where’s Cas?” Her tears intensified and his stomach sank. “Emily, where’s Cas?” he asked again, his voice breaking.
“The main thing is remembering your last name, Novak, and your address. If he asks for your phone number, tell him your phone got stolen, but you’re getting a new one this evening and ask for his number. Got it?”
When he no longer felt her spasms, he pulled his fingers out, wiping them on his shorts. He was still hard, but the thought of her returning the favor didn’t sit well with him. Not after the mind-blowing head Cas had given him. Cas's mouth would be on his mind the whole time. He patted her on the leg and got out of the car, leaving her in the garage to get herself cleaned up.
Tentatively, he wrapped his hand around himself and started to stroke, trying to imagine Dean behind him. Annoyed by the lack of feeling because of the size, Castiel rustled through the box, looking for the next size up in the set of four plugs.
With Castiel acting as rigid as a corpse and Benny raising a brow over it, Dean decided to move the situation along. “Well, we just wanted to say hi,” he said hurriedly, forcing Cas to turn around. “We’re gonna go bowl. See ya guys later.” He linked his arm through Castiel’s and steered him back to the lane as the other two watched quizzically from the counter. Back at their lane, Dean quietly said, “I’ve seen you meet new people, Cas. You were fine with Andrea. Are you holding my suggestion against Benny?”
Something about that name was also tugging at his brain, but Dean couldn’t figure it out. When the man spoke, however, the memory hit Dean like a train.
“Wow! I didn’t know so many would leave after the first movie,” Cas said as they got back in the car. “Are we gonna stay or are we going to the hotel?”
“It’s okay. I didn’t ask you to. If you want to learn in the future, we can try, but only if it’s what you want. You are still very good with that perfect mouth of yours.”
When he had a hot mug in hand, he decided to watch a little of the morning news in the living room, but the papers on the coffee table caught his eye. Though slightly disheveled, there were still two distinct piles. In his mind, they represented the difference between Dean doing what he wanted and Dean doing what Cas wanted. He picked up the property listings and his laptop and went to his office instead.
Dean grabbed his hands and pulled Cas up out of his seat and into his arms. “Fucking tease,” he chided, leaning in to give Castiel a kiss to think about for the rest of the day. It quickly heated up and began to grow needy, each began to pull at the clothes of the other, hands sliding underneath shirts.
Jody turned back to Sam. “Oh my god!” She was scream whispering. Pulling Sam away from other people, she said, “Sam, are they dating?”
Cas almost arched off the bed. "Dean!" His hand instinctively went to Dean's head, not pushing, just petting as had been done to him.
“I hired Dean-o to help Bobby. Apparently, he knows the kid and said he could use the help. Not sure a maintenance guy should be answering phones, but I suppose it could work if he could be spared for the hour.”
“Fuck! He’s gonna have the whole apartment complex coming out to see what’s going on.” He pushed himself from the floor and Cas stood, as well. Dean put his hand up. “You don’t have to hide.”
Seeing Dean’s reaction, Castiel decided to at least give him that. “Actually,” he called after Roy, “it’s Castiel. I don’t like being called Cas.”
The papers didn’t get graded, so he took them home with him. Considering how his world had just flipped, he figured he’d manage to find some time between the binge-drinking and self-loathing to come up with remarks that would make at least some sense.
The command threw him for a moment. Dean thought keeping the door open was one of those things they had to do for propriety’s sake, but he certainly wasn’t going to complain. After shutting the door, he plopped down in one of the chairs in front of Castiel’s desk. “So, what’s up?”
“I’d like that. He’s going to be terrified, but it’ll be okay. Speaking of, I better check on him.” He motioned to the door and Sam opened it, both stepping back inside.
All of this was just until Castiel graduated. Once he decided where he wanted to go, Dean would happily pack everything up and move wherever Cas wanted, hopefully finding teaching work somewhere nearby.
"Cas, calm down. It's okay. We can work something out, okay? We'll ease you back." To his shock, Cas dropped to his knees between Dean's feet with his head bowed.
Working the larger plug in was harder, but he managed. This time when he began to stroke himself it was with a pleasurable smile on his face. He pushed his hips back like he was fucking onto Dean’s cock as he continued to slide his hand over himself. “Oh, fuck! I forgot how amazing this feels!”
Short and sweet! I love these boys so much! Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. It has been a rollercoaster, but so worth it. Love you all so much! Many thanks again!
“Just be easy with her.” Then as he looked out the window, he grumbled, “No one asked you to be good.”
It seemed like such a good idea at the time. All he would have to do was flit amongst the humans and see how they live. He’d find out if they were kind and caring or as hateful as Lucifer had said. At this point though, he was starting to believe that his exiled brother may have been right.
He didn’t want to believe what he was reading. Dean had just said he didn’t want to hurt him, had taken his hand and promised to make up their missed kiss. What he was reading couldn’t be real. He quickly typed out a response.
Sam had already picked his pool stick so Dean gave him the quarters to rack up while he picked one of his own. He grabbed one quickly, knowing Sam would still need a minute to get the balls ready. He took the extra time to pull out his phone, unblock Cas’s number, and quickly send a text.
Alfie walked around Dean and straight to Castiel who grabbed the back of his head, pulling him in for an extremely inappropriate kiss.
Dean pulled on the edges of the swim trunks and Castiel lifted his ass, allowing them to be pulled off and sat on the floorboard with the flip-flops he’d worn. There it was. Dean was in awe. The picture he’d seen didn’t do Cas’s cock justice. It was bigger than he realized, thicker. Carefully, he wrapped a hand around the base.
“A few months back, I went to The Tea Cup and just got wasted. I hated myself so much. I hated Marcus. I hated the girl. I was just so angry and sad and I just drank until I couldn’t even feel the floor, let alone my emotions. I shouldn’t be able to remember anything that happened, but what did happen was so… It’s just burned into my mind. This guy in a suit came up next to me and whispered in my ear. I remember specifically what he said. ‘You look like you need to get fucked. How ‘bout you come to the bathroom and let me have that sweet ass for a bit?’ So, I went with him.”
Smiling, he said, “Well, that’s good to know. Actually, since you mentioned going out, I wanted to ask you something.” Dean shifted onto his side, leaning up on his elbow so he could better see Castiel. “Over in Callsburgh, there’s a drive-in and they’re probably showing the new Marvel flick. It’s kind of a long drive and I know it’s not really
He managed not to draw any more attention in regards to Cas, Casey, as they knew him. The rest of day had gone on in peace with great food, good beer, and fun games with pleasant company. He did leave earlier than usual, but he used the excuse of school the next day. Really, he was just tired of feeling like he was constantly pretending. It worried him that he felt like someone else, but he didn’t know what to do about.
The man stopped short as soon as he entered the room, eyes going wide as looked around in panic. He obviously sensed Castiel, too. His eyes finally landed on the cage, looking confused.
On the way, a glance to his left had him stopping in his tracks. He could only see the guy from behind, but he had the same messy dark hair and the build he’d been looking for.
Dean was happy to see that Castiel was far nicer this time around, though the possessive hand sliding into Dean’s back pocket and the kiss on his neck did not go unnoticed.
It had happened at least three times. Waking up to check the phone and then drowning in disappointment afterward. When his alarm finally went off, he looked like he had been through a war. He felt numb. A cold shower perked him up, but it was a poor substitute for what he really needed. He needed Dean.
“I’m not saying I want to go anywhere. The where doesn’t matter anyway if you can’t trust me enough to let me leave."
“Aww, I’m sorry.” She came up and twined her arms around his neck, sighing happily as his arms wrapped about her waist. Leaning up, she gave her husband a sweet kiss and then let go of him to return to the dessert she was making for the next day. “How was work?”
for sucking my brain out through my dick. I don’t even know how to move right now. I don’t know if I just forgot how good you were or you became even better, but you’re the amazing one, babe.”
“What if they hate me?” he asked while Dean made lunch. “I mean, they probably already do, right? I made you into a horrible person.”
Out in the hall, Castiel jerked his arm back as they proceeded to the elevators. “Don’t act surprised.”
“I know you’re a good guy and all, but I just broke up with a guy from school a month ago. I think it was a mistake and we might be getting back together, so…”
were kept. "Bend your knees and spread your leg as much as you can." He made a note to see about getting a bigger bed. If Cas wanted to stay with him, they were going to need more space to move around.
“No, no.” Dean held up his hands to stop him. “Just, just stay like that. I never want to stop looking at you.”
Not knowing what else to do, Cas went right to begging. “Please don’t tell my parents I was out here! Please!”
Even in his slightly inebriated state, Castiel knew exactly what she was getting at. He half smiled and tried to figure out how to let her down. Instead, he remembered his thought about seeing what it was like to be with a woman. “Do you want to see my place?”
Castiel debated on changing his mind and saying they should follow through with Dean’s original plan of staying home the whole day. After the shower, when Dean finally turned his phone on though, the number of notifications caused him to change his mind.
Dean grimaced. “Just one. Got lucky right off and got on at the university. I was on track for tenure, but they let me go, saying it just wasn’t a good fit anymore.”
“Whoa! What are doing?” Dean asked, looking back and forth between the road and his half-naked wife.
Dean laughed and set a plate of food down in front of Castiel before sitting down with his own plate. “Oh, I guess I will.”
Dean closed his eyes and shook his head. “Don’t you dare kiss me, Castiel. Not unless you know you want to be with me.”
’ you keep mentioning would have to be touching, hugging, kissing in order to sell it. Then what? It just goes on until when? Endlessly until you get pretend married? What the fuck, Dean?”
It would be interesting to see his response to that. He sat at the computer debating on whether he should go ahead and tell his sister. She didn’t know the Winchesters, so she’d be happy for him at first. Then she’d start asking questions.
Castiel fought back the tears. Crowley was saying the same things he often thought to himself. “That’s not true! Dean’s my friend.” He was unsure if he was trying to convince himself or the demon.
Dean propped himself up on his elbows, enjoying the show of Cas masturbating in front of him while getting similarly pleasurable feelings. “I’m what you need, baby. Take me.”
“I don’t think this is what the assignment was,” Sam said as he scanned the paper again. “Castiel...I’ve heard the name, but I’ve never had him in one of my classes. What did Pam say about him?”
Dean eased back, letting his body envelope Castiel’s dick, sinking back inch by inch. He could feel the discomfort of being stretched around the sizable width of Cas, but it was completely overshadowed by the knowledge that Cas was bare inside him. There was no sensation of slick, textureless latex. He could feel everything and his eyes were nearly rolling back in his head over how amazing and different it felt. “Fuck, Cas! Why were we not doing this all along?” he moaned.
Castiel maneuvered them both until they were pressed together beneath the covers, skin to skin. “I don’t care about that,” he said softly. “Want a kiss. Just one?”
“Are your lips tingling?” Dean asked, his voice so low that Castiel could barely hear him over the loud music.
It was on the tip of his tongue to tell them to go without him. He knew that wouldn’t work though, and he actually was feeling a little hungry. He and Cas had opted for a light and easy breakfast so they could spend more time up against the kitchen counter. “Yeah. Okay. Let’s go.” He locked his computer screen, grabbed his phone, and followed the others downstairs. As he entered the lobby, his eyes went straight to the deli as they always did. Seeing Cas standing there, made him smile. He wanted to let him know what was going on.
Cas was in seventh heaven getting completely filled up by Dean’s cock, gasping and moaning with every thrust. Breathing out a, “Yes, Dean!” when he had the air to speak. He didn’t know how much more he would be able to take.
There was zero chance of Castiel not wanting to taste it. “Dean.” Before his name had been a warning and this time it was a plea, one that was readily answered.
“We really are glad you came. I have to go get some ice, but I’d love to chat with you more later,” she said.
Annoyed, she turned back and realized Dean wasn’t alone. “Hey, I think that’s Castiel.” When she saw Dean grab him around the waist and pull him into a hug, it was surprising, but the kiss had her eyebrows nearly in her hairline. “Oh my god!” She watched as Dean let go and motioned to the 4-H building. When Cas nodded, they went into the building, still holding hands.
“Yes, please.” He got up and picked up the piece of cabbage from the carpet. “Eating this off the floor does not sound appetizing, so some of our own would be good.” He tossed it into the garbage as Dean laughed in agreement before calling for food.
The nurse from before peeked her head in. “Sorry to interrupt, but Mrs. Halden is in room six and you know how she gets.”
“I didn’t plan on it. I was honestly upset that some kid was thinking of me like that. I wanted to just be a normal teacher. I hadn’t expected that kind of reaction from a high school student. It definitely threw me.”
Cas chuckled, but since that’s exactly what he wanted to do, he had no problem obliging. “You asked for it.” He pulled back and then slammed into Dean, starting a punishing pace.
“Cas! You said you would tease me later! Don’t do it now. I need this.” Just then Dean’s phone started beeping. “Shit!” Lifting up, he pulled it out of his back pocket, surprised it hadn’t been smashed when Cas pushed him against the car.
By six, most attendees had headed back to their homes. A few people, Dean’s parents and Castiel included, were sitting around some of the tables chatting.
He was quiet long enough that Mary glanced at him and, seeing the panic, came to his rescue. “Oh, let him be, John. It’s probably a special friend and he doesn’t need to tell us.” She waved Dean off with a pointed look. “Go on now.”
The conversation moved on to stupid mistakes at work. Bobby admitted to holding his badge upside down when he showed up at a person’s doorstep to ask questions. Sam joined the conversation and admitted to getting falling-down drunk his first night as a bartender because he accepted every shot a person bought him.
Sam looked up to see that Dean looked to be honest, so he took a deep breath. “She wants to have sex and I don’t. I know I’m supposed to want to, but I just...don't. I just met her and sex is important. I want it to be with someone who matters. That’s a thing, right? Or am I overreacting? Guys are supposed to want to have sex and I do like her. Is there something wrong with me? Do I…”
Chewing his food, Dean nodded slowly. For some reason, it hadn’t seemed like such a big deal when Sam said it.
“I think it’s the new marketing media we ordered.” Dean took out his pocket knife to open up the box. “Yep.” He held up a pamphlet-sized flyer and then turned it around to show Sam their photo on the back. “Handsome guys, huh?” he asked with a smile.
Outside, Dean headed down the sidewalk for a ways and then crossed the street to enter a park. He followed the path along the center of the park before veering off onto a secondary path that he knew led to the gardens.
“It’s okay. Sometimes I can just feel what someone is doing. Get used to it when you’ve been blind as long as I have. I guess I’m your new roommate though. My name is Dean.” Dean held out his hand.
Castiel thought back to his time with Dean. “I was mostly at his house. I don’t think I could find it though. I know he likes his school and working out and eating. He also likes masturbation.”
This left one more week until Spring Break. The kids were a little harder to keep on task since they were all excited about their upcoming week off school, but Dean tried to use it to his advantage, asking the kids to write a short story using themselves as a character and their week off plans as the basis for it. It turned out pretty well.
That daze stuck with him the rest of the day, but he taught through it. It felt like an out of body experience. He was speaking and responding when spoken to, but it wasn’t him. He was running on autopilot while his thoughts were consumed with the boy he was beginning to believe he would never see again.
Castiel immediately stilled the three fingers he had buried in Dean’s ass. “We need to clear something up, Dean.” The whine that elicited had him gritting his teeth in frustration. With one hand on Dean’s hip and the other between his legs, he was not in a position to spank Dean, nor had he brought up the possibility of doing anything more. He was going to change that later, but focused on what he could do in the now. “If you want something, you better ask fucking nicely. Demanding will get you in trouble. Do you want to try that again?”
life. Knowing he’d always have Dean to himself at least once a week was better than nothing though. “I’d like that.”
“Shhh… Calm down, Dean. I got you. Here. Let me take this.” He managed to get Dean to let go of him long enough to set the bag down and then Cas backed him up to the entryway wall. Without another word, Castiel dropped to his knees. Dean was young enough that curbing his masturbatory tendencies had not been as simple a task as it would have been for someone his own age. He had a feeling that Dean was the type who enjoyed getting off quite a bit. The inability to feed that habit was probably worse than the actual lack of physical satisfaction. The demand had been a little rough, but, as suspected, he was capable of doing what Cas told him.
weren’t doing what you’re doing.” Dean’s job had always been a source of contention between the boys. “You could do something else now, Dean. You don’t have to keep,” he leaned forward, lowering his voice to a whisper, “selling yourself.”
Seeing himself dropping to his knees as he undid Dean’s jeans was a nice image that had him shifting to make more room for his growing erection. The more he thought about looking up into Dean’s lust-glazed eyes, feeling his hand on his head, the harder he got.
As he returned to reality, he used the shower for it’s actual purpose and spent his time thinking up an excuse to get Cas to spend more time with him. It was tempting fate, he knew, but he had really enjoyed his company when they were putting the bookcases together.
Letting go, he braced himself on the bed and tried to catch the breath he had been holding. A feeling caught his attention and he looked down between his legs. His cock was rock-hard again.
Just as he had got himself into a steady rhythm, Castiel’s hand on his hair gripped and pulled him up. He quickly scrambled up Cas to keep the pull from being too hard.
The door closed behind her and the guys were alone again. After adding Emily’s number, Dean went and sat at the opposite end of the couch, facing Cas. “Are you really okay?”
“He was so totally freaked out by the fact that he had been seeing a brother and sister that he ran out of the house and disappeared. We never saw him again, never heard from him again. Which is fine because neither of us wanted to continue that once we figured it out,” Max said.
When Emily stood at his office door with a huge smile, Castiel was not surprised. He merely looked up at her and said, “Good morning,” before going back to the email he was writing.
“Yeah, I guess so.” Castiel considered some more. “Why do we need three bedrooms? That seems excessive. Are we gonna have a home office?”
“You know it! Cassie said he needed a party and this is what I do best.” Gabriel had gone into the event management business since he had a natural talent for it. “Found out there were kids coming so I had to cancel the donkey show, but there’s still fun for all. Come on and look around! Oh, and the food is superb!”
He’d merely thought of it as a fun thing to see if Dean could do. Either way it went, the outcome would have been fun for both of them. As much as he said that he knew Dean could do it, he was honestly a bit surprised when Dean arrived ready for his promised blow job.
“Yep. I can’t tomorrow as the day after I have my morning class, but in general, I prefer to be here with you. Our house is just so big and I’m always alone there. I like it here. It’s smaller and feels more...lived in, I guess. Feels more real. Sometimes when I’m at my place, I feel like I’m walking through a house model rather than a home. It’s eerie.”
He started with fucking Michael over his desk. Gripping his hips and slamming him back onto his cock, enjoying the little whimpers Michael was trying to hold back, but he didn’t stop there. He hauled him off the desk and pressed him into the wall, face turned to keep from smashing his nose into the surface. Lifting one of Michael’s legs, he shoved back into him and proceeded to fuck him against the wall.
The sight was mesmerizing. Dean hadn’t even touched himself. It was the hottest thing Castiel had ever seen and he felt his own release punch through him. He pressed as deep inside Dean as he could and felt the pulsing as he emptied himself into Dean’s ass.
The man had told him that it was odd for the butterfly to stick around at all and perhaps could have been sick. Since they didn’t live for long anyway, it was more than likely that the butterfly was just reaching the end of its lifespan.
Dean was still reeling from the kisses. The change of direction was enough to give him whiplash. He struggled to understand why what Cas was saying mattered. “I’m nineteen. There’s not a whole lot they can say,” Dean countered.
Friday had been busier than usual and Castiel found helping Emily to be a great way to keep his mind from dwelling. The monotony of the work combined with Emily’s pleasant chatter helped while away the hours. During a moment where they only had one customer, they saw Roy, the delivery driver, come in with a dolly loaded up with quite a few boxes of various sizes.
Dean pulled him close. “Nope. I have to say it because it’s true.” The kiss Dean started had him walking Cas backwards to the bedroom. He couldn’t think of a better way to end the day then wrapped up with his boy.
Aside from knowing what Castiel’s business was, Dean had never really considered what all they do or what was required to run the place. He ended up learning a lot and managed to have even more respect for Castiel by the end of the barbecue.
Setting that realization aside, he continued to last night. His reasoning for talking to John on his own held no insecurity. It had just seemed like the best idea, but he couldn’t blame Dean for acting like he did. As he’d said, it was Castiel’s decision to tell Mary that had them in their current predicament. Even if he’d meant no harm in his suggestion to speak with John alone, Dean was absolutely right for being upset about the position they were in.
With a growl of frustration, he pushed to his feet to begin pacing in front of his glass wall. “I told Dean about what happened and I’m doing everything to make sure I am past the problems I had before. To be sure, I even emailed Dr. Bevell to ask her thoughts. If she thinks I should come in, then I will. I honestly feel like I have a good handle on things though. I’ve come a long way from the insecure asshole I was eight years ago.” Feeling deflated, he fell back in his seat. “I really want this to work and I’d really appreciate your support.”
“Really?” He sounded genuinely surprised and delighted. “Huh. Good boy,” Cas murmured into the phone, making Dean tingle with pride. “I think I’m more excited than ever to get back now. So, you had a question?”
Every word had turned Dean on, but that last warning caused a pleasant shiver. It helped to see that Cas had taken what he’d said to heart and was showing that he really was interested. It was closer to what Dean had expected when all of this had gotten started.
He was constantly yelling at Dean in his head. He had worked himself up to a pretty good simmer when Emily poked her head into his office.
He moved to his knees, leaning back against Cas’s chest. The new angle was amazing and he began to rock his hips wantonly, driving the large cock deeper into him. “Oh, fuck!”
Following what Dean had done to him, he took the head into his mouth and carefully sucked. Dean's hands went back into his hair again, causing him to make that purr-like sound in his throat. It vibrated up into his mouth to the cock he was bobbing on.
“Castiel, can I see you a moment?” Dean was leaning against the front of his desk, collecting papers from the students.
“That is so crazy!” Lisa said. “Do partners ever get jealous of the connection you two have as twins?”
Dean interrupted him before he could finish. “It wasn’t a fucking student, Sam! Knock it off.” He dropped his bag by the empty chair and headed for the kitchen.
If Castiel’s widening pupils were any indicator, he liked the idea. Logic once again won out though. “You’re not old enough to get into the clubs around here.”
Dean had a plan and he had to stick to it. He went over all the points that he had to make again and again while he waited for the final bell to ring. As the clock ticked by, he began to grow more and more nervous. He was used to students flirting with him. He just wasn’t used to saying no, especially to someone who looked as good as Castiel did. Of course, the threat of jail time had never been an issue before either.
She about fell over laughing. “Well, we know at least one person there will like it. See ya tomorrow!”
The subject of his thoughts appeared from the door across the lobby with his taller brother behind him and they were heading in the direction of his deli. Of course with Dean now parking on this side of the building, if they were going somewhere, they’d have to pass by. As it was, they ended up coming up to the counter. Sam stopped in front of Emily, but Dean came down to the empty spot on the counter where Castiel was leaning on his forearms.
Rolling his eyes, he was about to explain that he was talking about the ‘prep’ that Cas did, or rather, didn’t do. He didn’t get a chance as Cas was already over him and sliding down. “Oh my fucking god,” he groaned.
“I can drink to that.” He downed the rest of Blue Bomber. “We probably shouldn’t tell Lisa this is where we went. She’ll either think you were looking for a hookup or trying to corrupt me.”
They broke apart to start stripping down, clothes flying in random directions as they were discarded.
Dean shrugged. “You did influence it some. I was kind of on the fence, but if I was to have a boyfriend, I think it would be better if he could tell people I was a bartender instead of a whore.”
The subject was dropped and Dean returned to the deck where, thankfully, the lighter subject of game choices was taking place.
“I’m napping, remember?” But Dean was far from napping as anticipation began to spread through him. He’d felt that last smack and was ready to feel more. It occurred to him that most people probably did not feel the same way. The next hit stung enough to make him grunt and he came to the conclusion he was not most people. His whole body jerked with a start as hands reaching underneath him surprised him.
Dean quickly did as he was told, feeling the doctor’s fingers slide out. He could hear the doctor throwing away the glove and pulling down his zipper. The unmistakable sound of a condom wrapper, followed by squirts of the lube had Dean’s heartbeat racing. His naughty words were rewarded as he felt the head of the doctor’s cock pressing against him. This time, he was willing to stay still and let the doctor do the work. He focused on how amazing it felt to be filled up, moaning happily the whole time. When he felt the doctor’s hips press against him, he purred a “thank you, Doctor.” Then, his whole world was shaken.
As he gathered up the empty bags and pushed them into the trash, making sure to push down the paper towels, he said, “Hey. I have a question. Do you think you’re ever going to be able to trust me?”
Cas was so proud of Dean and wanted to tell him, but words of praise would have to come later. Dean needed release and it was up to him to provide it. He quickly swallowed around Dean’s throbbing erection, sliding to the base with practiced ease. The weight and taste on his tongue had him moaning around the cock in his mouth.
Charlie took her shot at the table and missed. When she stood back up, she said, “Do you think maybe it’s time you straightened up? Quit dicking around with every hole you see?”
They were regarding him with a calm curiosity, much like the angel would have. He ran a hand over his face.
An idea came to Dean’s head as he stroked over the denim. Knowing he was safe alone and that Sam wouldn’t be in until Monday, Dean decided to take off his jeans and get comfortable. Once he was back in position with a prominent tent in his boxers, he grabbed up his phone to send a message to Cas.
Dean shook his head. “Looks really good,” he answered, voice only slightly hoarse. He covered it up by clearing his throat and grabbing a bottle of water from his desk for a drink.
Seeing Cas’s eyes starting to darken as they dropped down to his lips got his own mind going. “Hmm. What are you thinking?”
Glancing up at the house, Mick said, “I’d guess so. I can’t imagine you getting a place like this if you didn’t have someone to share it with.”
After getting cleaned up, the pair redressed. Cas was back in his sweatpants with a white t-shirt while Dean threw on an old concert tee and a pair of boxers.
Dean’s eyes were dark with lust as he watched the boy without stopping him. Michael’s words gave him an opening though. “I do want it. ‘It’ being your ass.”
The cut hurt, but he was more upset at himself than anything. He felt stupid for even entertaining the idea.
“Me and my cousins. I was eight then. We used to all be real close as kids. We’d raise hell, but we grew up and life took us separate ways. We still keep in contact on Facebook and see each other during the holidays.” Cas set the plated food on the table. “You ready?”
A beeping noise interrupted and Cas put his phone down to check on the roast he had in the oven. After a quick check, he closed the oven and started a new timer for a bit longer.
Dean could hear the smile of perverse delight in Cas’s voice. He grinned as he relished one of the better orgasms he’d had in the past two weeks. “Ugh! Such a mess you made me make. I really hate you right now.”
Dean moved his desk to the corner of the classroom. It was a recommendation from Sam, saying that he’d be able to see the whole of the class better. It worked for him because it meant he could sit and watch the door as his fourth-period class started trickling in. He somewhat recognized Castiel from yesterday when he came in. He almost wished he could have kept his visual of him vague.
Castiel's eyes narrowed over the pressed question. "Because it's not my name. I think I'm entitled to decide what I will or will not allow myself to be called."
When Cas squeezed the firm flesh of Dean’s rear, he broke the kiss with a gasp. That squeeze had Dean hurrying along. He scooted a bit further down Castiel’s body and lifted his shirt. He was thankful when Cas lifted himself from the bed enough to pull the shirt off. Dean marveled over the perfectly toned body. There was the definition of muscle, but he wasn’t especially cut. The lightly tanned skin had him wondering how often Castiel went outside without one.
“Yeah?” They’d been on the road for a while and things had grown quiet. It wasn’t an uncomfortable silence, but Dean was curious to know what Castiel had been thinking about.
Barely able to function, Dean attempted to turn his head to look at Cas, but the angle was wrong. He let his head drop back. “You’re thanking me? I didn’t do anything. That was all you! Thank
Dean’s head raised. “No, you’re not. Ugly isn’t how someone looks and I don’t need eyes to know you aren’t ugly. Ugly is something that is in a person’s soul. It’s the bad and the evil, the hatred that festers in someone. That’s what ugly is and that ain’t you. Not from what I’ve heard.”
Back at the house, Dean set Castiel on the fake tree again. “Hang out here while I shower, okay? I don’t think you’d want to get hit with the scalding water I’m gonna use.” Hoping it would stay where he said, Dean began to strip out of his clothes, removing even his briefs and tossing them into a hamper of his dirty laundry.
“No. I think I got it,” Dean grinned, lowering himself into position. He had spent time during the weeks after his first visit watching porn of men giving head. While it was certainly enjoyable, he’d watched for research, trying to learn what best to do, what was expected, new things to try. For some reason, most of that seemed to leave his head as he relied on instinct. He repeatedly licked Castiel’s member like it was a dripping ice cream cone, dragging his tongue from the base all the way up to swirl across the tip. With access to all of Cas, he even ducked down to tongue at Castiel’s balls causing Cas to automatically part his legs further.
The next morning, Dean tried to be sweet and understanding for Lisa, but he accidentally bumped her when he went to kiss her goodbye. “Oh! So sorry, babe,” he apologized quickly when he heard her hiss in pain.
Sam’s two words momentarily stopped Dean’s tirade. Calming a bit, he crossed his arms and leaned against the building. “You should be. Cas is everything to me and you just put what we have at risk.”
Castiel sped up, thrusting into Dean as fast as he could from the angle he was at. “Yeah, Dean. Do it. Come for me, baby.”
Whatever argument he had planned, slipped away. The deep quality of the man’s voice combined with his handsome facade was enough to get Dean to fall in line. “Nah, it’s fine. I understand.”
He moved Castiel’s hands so he could put his legs down and then leaned over him, kissing his chest. It was a pleasant surprise when Cas grabbed his head and pulled him up for a kiss, wrestling their tongues together. Not everyone allowed kisses after that particular activity. It had never bothered Dean and it made him appreciate Cas even more since he didn’t seem to care either.
“You saw me, Sam! You were the one talking about how much I had changed. You were happy that I was with someone and not fucking around.”
Castiel was excited, as well, though for different reasons. It was obvious that Dean’s wife would be at this party. He’d like to meet the woman who had managed to lock down such a cock-hungry man. He would get to do his whole “we have so much in common” thing with her and maybe win her over. Not enough to give up her husband, but it would allow himself and Dean more flexibility in seeing each other if they didn’t have to hide his existence.
He reached over and smacked Dean’s arm. “Asshole! That was a shitty way to tell me! You know exactly what you made think!”
With no response and no idea where Castiel actually lived, Dean had no choice, but to go home alone.
Roy grinned. “No trouble at all. You seem like you’re in a better mood than the last time I saw you.”
As he pulled out a notepad and pencil, a woman at the front of the class began talking and everyone turned their attention forward.
Dean nodded, but grew serious for a moment. “Baby, I want you to know there is no rush. Okay? I don’t want to do something you’re not ready for. We don’t have to jump right into bed.”
The smile was amazing in Cas’s opinion and made Dean look even more handsome than he already was. It also had the ability to make him smile, too. That wasn’t something Cas got to do very often. The expression even felt foreign on his face. “Yeah. I guess so.”
By the end of the night, both Charlie and Benny had individually taken a second to pull Dean aside and tell him their thoughts on Castiel. It was all good things, but there was one thing that they both had said. Each said they’d never seen Dean so happy as he was now and that all it took was seeing how he looked at Cas to know why. It was left implied, but he knew very well what they saying. He was in love.
“That’s the thing about kids. They’re resilient. A couple weeks later, I heard she was dating one of the wrestlers who’d been asking her out for a while.”
For half a moment, Cas wished that he had made the discoloration of Dean’s skin deeper, made it to last longer and be harder to hide. Forcing a confrontation between Dean and his wife was not the right move though. This had to be Dean’s decision to make, on his own, when he was ready. Anything else could too easily lead to resentment.
“God, yes!” Cas moaned, knowing he was getting closer to what he wanted. He continued the movement of his hips, trying to fuck the fingers into himself.
Once the condom was on and he was lubed up, Castiel pressed the head of his cock against Dean’s hole and when the pressure gave, he slowly began to sink, moaning the whole way. “Damn, I’ve missed your tight ass,” he groaned when he had settled with his full length inside Dean. “Here. Lift your legs.”
The deli had been open for a couple hours. Dean had seen Emily working, but if Cas was there, he had yet to come to the front. He thought about texting him, but didn’t want to bother him if he was busy. He went downstairs to get a coffee and try to catch a glimpse of his mind’s obsession.
Castiel felt his heart began to beat faster. He began to fear that it didn’t matter that he told the truth. “Do you not want me?”
“Don’t know,” he said with a mouthful of food. “If I knew, I probably would have introduced him as that.”
Sounds reached his ears and he looked beyond his immediate surroundings to see people wearing bags going into a building. Castiel remembered this place. This was the place where Dean had gone to his classes.
As he lay in bed Sunday afternoon with the world’s worst hangover, he picked up his phone. He had to say something. He was going to drive himself insane if he didn’t. It wouldn’t be seen, but he had to say what he needed to anyway.
“Wow! That’s amazing! Where did you meet a doctor?”“In his office.” He knew from Sam’s skeptical brow that he may have messed up.
He sent the message and then immediately blocked Cas’s number. The tears were unexpected. He sat at the edge of the bed, elbows on his knees, with his phone between his hands, wondering how he could have let this happen. The awful feeling in the pit of his stomach began to churn and he had to run to the bathroom. The bile burned his throat as it came up.
“I heard you talking to the other Mr. Winchester in the hall. I was in a janitor’s closet, waiting for you all to be out of sight so I could come out of it.”
“I’m definitely going. Let me give Sam the keys to the Impala.” Dean raced back over to the barricade where his group was.
Castiel’s hand tightened in Dean’s hair and pulled back so he’d look up at him. “I love that you’re trying, but I can cum without you choking yourself. Suck me off or bend over this counter and I’ll get off myself.” He let go and brought the hand back to brace himself better against the counter.
He looked up at her and realized he was actually seeing her. “I...I think I’m seeing. There’s stuff.” He glanced around, completely confused and disoriented. There was so much everywhere he turned his eyes and everything seemed so bright.
“Cross my heart.” Cas pulled the calculator from his bag and purposely swayed his hips as he moved to leave the room.
“Killing Cas with his bare hands is also a possibility.” Dean shook his head, trying to rid the thought. “Distract me. Tell me something. Oh! Tell me about the girl. How’s that going for you?”
She handed over his messages. “Well, just remind him that you were only an hour late. He’s the one that came in at noon still hungover on a Monday.”
When Cas let go, Dean sighed softly. “God, I love the way you kiss,” he murmured. “Sorry for earlier,” he said, releasing his hold on Cas to return to driving.
Cas knew that Dean needed to cum though. He could feel the hardness pressing into his hip. He pushed back against his chest, pausing only a moment to let his hand slide over the tattoo, and then wrapped both his hands around Dean’s cock. “Fuck it.”
Shortly after lunch, there was a knock at Dean’s door. The items he’d ordered for the butterfly had arrived. He spent the next while setting up the live plants inside the cage and finding the perfect spot for it. Dean decided that it would be best on the dresser in his bedroom as sunlight would land on it in the morning and afternoon.
The walk back was filled with silence between them, though the sounds of the forests and sexual adventures within gave them plenty to hear. Once they made it to the parking lot, Dean nodded towards his car. “Come ‘ere a minute.”
Dean smiled. “Nah. They were good kids and I really enjoyed today. Looking over what they turned in today, it’s easy to see what good work you’ve done with them.”
“You wanted me to stay in bed until you woke up. What did you expect me to do? Stare at the ceiling? Should I have brought a book?” he chuckled.
Castiel sat with his legs in front of him, hands in his lap as he thought back for the millionth time over what happened with Mick. “You know that house we both liked? I went to see it today.”
Castiel grinned as he put himself back to sorts, as well. “I don’t have a problem with that at all.” When his clothes were righted and he’d wiped the oil off himself, he took Dean’s face between his hands. “If you start feeling unhappy or weird about this in anyway, I need you to tell me, okay? I know you’re still new to those kinds of things and sometimes the after effects can mess with your head.”
“No, actually. He was at the bottom of the stairs to the subway. He seemed lost so I brought him outside. He doesn’t seem to want to leave. I figure he’ll probably fly off after I get on my bike to head to class.”
While they were arguing the kitten had moved down to the end of the counter where Sam stood and began to rub against his hand, eventually falling over onto it and beginning to purr.
Cas cocked his head considering Dean’s word with a small smile. “Excellent thought. I think I’ll go online since there are more choices there. I appreciate your input. Maybe when you graduate, you’ll come work for me, huh?”
“Hello, Dean. Yes, the day was longer than I anticipated. I’m sorry I couldn’t call sooner.” The last words were spoken through a yawn.
Emily relaxed. “Oh, thank god! I was thinking maybe you didn’t know for a moment. I’m just worried about Castiel.”
Castiel smiled and let him move about as he wrapped his arms around him, hands running across his smooth chest. He licked over the too-large mark he’d left on Dean’s neck, making him jerk involuntarily. “Dean, Dean, Dean,” he murmured at his ear. “You really did need this, didn’t you, baby?”
“Right! I should go say hi to some of these new people first.” He didn’t want to go around and see who all showed up, but being back in view of everyone meant they had to play it cool. It might seem unusual for them to be attached at the hip. “I’ll get over there in a bit.”
“Hell yes! This is amazing!” He shoved another forkful into his mouth and reminded himself to slow down so he didn’t look like a pig. Once he managed to get that big bite down, he went back to what Cas had said. “I think you’re right about Mom should think I’m dating someone. I was thinking I could tell her I was dating Benny. She could meet him and then she wouldn’t be pushing me towards anyone else.” Looking up, Dean’s smile quickly vanished. “What’s wrong?”
“Because they’re high school kids, Dean! You fuck one and you don’t just get fired, you go to jail!”
For the first time in years, Dean began to pray, begging the universe to not take his love when he’d just found him.
To his surprise, Dean put his hand over Castiel’s and pushed his face harder into the touch. “I know,” he said quietly before placing a kiss in the center of Cas’s palm. He didn’t let go, just held Castiel’s hand between his as the two men stared at each other quietly. They both knew they were so close to...something, or maybe nothing. There was so much uncertainty that neither were capable of dealing with at the moment.
Her moans picked up and it was only moments later when she came, squeezing his fingers from the inside. She was panting in the seat as the orgasm traveled through her, leaving her body feeling tingly.
While waiting, Dean started the water running and got out of his clothes. He stared at the blank screen, waiting for a notification. It came quickly.
The second man nodded. “Typical with a head wound. Stay put then and as soon as we’re clear, we’ll get a medic in here. Okay?”
Gabriel sighed. “Yeah, that’s all pretty vague.” Looking around, he stopped and pointed up the street. “If he likes butterflies other than you, the museum has a butterfly garden.”
“They say that when a butterfly befriends you, it’s actually a visiting angel coming down from Heaven to see the Earth. After the body of the butterfly dies, the angel can decide whether it wants to remain in Heaven or come back to Earth to live as a human, returning to their friend.” Turning back to Dean, he found the man staring at him. It was the same look he had given Castiel as a butterfly, as if he was sure there was something more than what he was seeing.
Mary walked up next to him, looking at the spot where he was staring. “The wall will still be here tomorrow if you want to read the rest of it. For now, can you set the food on the table for me?”
Pleasure shot through Dean as he moaned and arched his back. He refused to let himself get sidetracked though. As soon as Cas withdrew his fingers, Dean used every ounce of his strength to flip them so that he ended up straddling Castiel’s hips. He was pleased at the shock Castiel showed. “You said you trust me. I don’t have anything, Cas. I swear it. You say you don’t either and I trust you. I want to feel you inside me.”
She had obviously had a few drinks already and was feeling good. She couldn’t stop smiling. “It’s been awesome! We stopped by
A thrill shot through Dean at hearing that and he groaned in appreciation. He was going to be the first man to ever have Cas’s cum in his ass. He wanted it more than ever. When Cas pressed back into him, Dean began to think he might be getting a glimpse of heaven.
In his office, he didn’t bother turning the light on. He just closed the door and then plopped down on the couch, setting his phone and keys on the floor next to him. His mind went back to how it felt being pushed into the wall with Cas on him. His mouth, his hands, his warm, hard body all being expertly used to make his body feel like it was humming with pleasure.
Dean rolled his eyes. “So what? Who cares if that girl had cute feet? How about all the shit that girl was lacking? Did she have red hair? Ability to quote
The hate on Castiel was really starting to grate on his nerves, but he kept his temper in check. “We don’t need counseling. We need…”
It was a good thing. It was something that made him incredibly happy, but he didn’t want Dean to know that and chance scaring him away. However, he didn’t want Dean thinking he was running away either. He had to come up with some kind of answer.
Every night though, when it was time to go to sleep, he was getting into bed with Dean. He didn’t want to be anywhere else.
Dean moaned, not because it was some magical feeling, but because it was finally happening. It had been so long since anyone other than himself had paid any kind of sexual attention to his ass. Knowing it was Cas,
Once everything was wrapped up with police and they were able to find someone to come board up the windows and clean up the glass, Castiel was finally able to go home. He was thoroughly exhausted and his alcohol and Dean-induced buzz had worn off long ago. He was pretty sure he’d made a mistake earlier by kissing Dean, but he’d worry about it tomorrow. Tonight, he was going to fall asleep thinking about those plump lips over and over again.
"You told me that when I was in my human form, you would show me what to do with this." He looked down towards Dean's crotch, but made no move to touch him.
“Castiel, you and Emily are probably the only two decent people in this place. That doughnut and coffee were the highlights of my whole week! I can’t thank you enough for that and it makes me extra sorry for what I have to do to you now.”
Sighing, he looked back at the paused image of Dr. Sexy on the television. It’d be a lie to say the man had never starred in one of Castiel’s fantasies.
"No!" Castiel immediately pushed her hand back and moved away, hands up placatingly. “I can’t. I’m sorry. I’m gay.”
“Jesus! Of course that’s okay with me. Come here.” He reached across the couch and finally pulled Cas over to straddle his lap. His arm tightened around his middle as he pressed himself to Castiel’s chest, breathing in the scent he’d come to know and love. Feeling Cas squeezing tight around his neck, head resting on top of his was pure bliss. The emotions that had been choking him finally felt like they were being pulled from his body, but tears fell all the same as his happiness threatened to consume him. “Baby, I don’t care about anything else. I don’t. I don’t care about what happened before. I don’t care about what anyone else thinks. This right here is all I need. I need you, Cas. Nothing else matters when I have you.”
“Hey, Lisa. Yeah, he likes me.” It was the only thing he could say since he couldn’t find any other reason for the butterfly to be so attached to him.
The words landed like a blow and Dean actually took a step back. “Dude, I’m not a monster. I would never do that. And did you not just hear what I said? I’m tired of all the fucking around anyway. I kept doing it because it was easy. This is my chance to start over and do shit right. Can’t you at least give me a chance, recommend me?”
“Oh? Is that so?” Dean’s hand traveled south, feeling Cas still semi-hard in his shorts. “No, I don’t think you did.” He gripped Castiel’s hips and turned him around. “I can help with that though.” His voice was a husky whisper.
Sam pointed with his other hand. "See. Cat-like things because he's a…." He quickly looked back to the kitten laying on his hand. When it stood up, he pulled his hand back and quickly pulled off the bandage he had just applied moments before. There was no cut. He looked at Dean in shock. "That cat just healed me!"
Dean jerked his head up and tried to shake away the thought, wiping at his eyes. He shifted to pull out his phone. He needed to know if Cas was operating by the same rules he’d placed on him.
No hesitation. Castiel pulled down the front of Dean’s briefs with one hand and pulled his cock out with the other, immediately sinking down on it.
If Castiel didn’t know better, he’d think Dean was proposing. Since that would be a really shitty thing to do when still married, he didn’t think that was what was actually happening. It left him unsure of how to respond. “I don’t know what to say.”
“If you want to learn, we have classes on Tuesday nights. I work Tuesdays, too,” she said with a wink, getting a grin from Cas. Turning her attention to Dean, she smiled and gave an enthusiastic, “Great job with that shot!”
Castiel was starting to really regret his decision to come down to Earth. He couldn’t help his curiosity though. He’d known that a few other angels completely left the protection of Heaven, had their wings removed, just so they could live amongst the humans as one of them. It was such a monumental decision that Castiel just couldn’t understand.
It sucked that he couldn’t tell them about Castiel because Dean needed the constant pushing for him to be with someone to stop. He gave some thought to moving out, but it wasn’t practical. The idea had been to stay home during his two years of school. After working for a while, then he could get his own place. His meager savings and lack of income would not provide him with a place. The thought of moving in with Cas flashed through his mind, but he laughed it off.
The slight pain was a welcome change of pace. Dean wanted to feel it, to know Cas was getting closer to fucking him. He gritted through it and started rocking his hips, forcing the pace, moaning as pleasure started to peek through the haze of discomfort.
“No, and it doesn’t matter if Ms. Rosen is showing a movie. You need to be there for it. You can’t stay in here.” Dean’s voice was probably louder than it needed to be, but his patience for Castiel’s antics was plummeting. This was mainly due to Dean’s own tenuous self-control, but he didn’t focus on that.
“It’s okay, sweetheart. I got you.” Breaking the eye contact, Dean wrapped those perfectly shaped lips over the tip of Castiel’s erection and slid down, swallowing around him.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Fine. Whatever. I was going to tell you anyway.” Leaning off the bed to glance past Sam and down the hall, he waved him. “Shut the door. Mom still outside?” She’d been decorating for the fall, hauling pumpkins, squash, scarecrows, and bales of straw around the front yard, trying to find the perfect spot for everything. He’d offered to help, but she was a perfectionist and declined his offer. She had agreed to Cas coming over the next week so that was taken care of at least.
Castiel was kind enough to keep his laughing and jokes to a minimum and gave Dean plenty of kisses to make up for it. When he admitted that he thought Dean was really brave for going through with it, it did ease the wounded pride Dean had sustained. Cas liked making his man feel like the strong person he saw him as.
Dean simply bit his tongue and smiled. She was pretty, but he wasn’t gonna trade fucking students for colleagues. He’d behave. Plus, he’d given Sam his word.
While it started as a chaste kiss, Dean didn’t intend to let it stay that way. He pressed back, increasing the pressure between them, and then parted his lips. As soon as he did, Castiel groaned, the sound going straight through Dean to his groin. He could feel himself swelling in his briefs.
“Fucking bullshit!” Dean mumbled to himself as he put his box of stuff into his car. Three years he had spent at the school and Crowley had let him go saying, “It’s just not a good fit anymore.” He knew it was more than that. Someone must have finally said something, but without proof and not wanting to cause a scandal, they used their state’s “at will” law to just let him go. At least he could still teach. The only question was where.
Gabriel shrugged. “They said there are two leads they are most interested in. One is a nut-job parent whose kid had a severe allergic reaction when eating one of our chocolate and peanut bars. She ended up being fine, by the way. The other is actually part of an animal rights group that seems to think we’re part of the problem due to using milk.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Michael’s middle and groaned, pressing his cheek to his back. “Fuck, Michael. You feel so good, so tight.” He placed a couple kisses along Michael’s back, something he rarely did to any of his conquests, but the tight ass was so sweet he couldn’t help it. Getting control, he let go and sat back. “Ride me.”
