“Dean?” There was no way of telling Cas’ tone of voice through the door but Dean couldn’t imagine he would be anything other than angry. Maybe hurt. Betrayed. “Come out, please. We need to talk.”
“It’s fine,” Cas said, waving down the bartender. He ordered them a couple of beers as they waited, sliding one over Dean who gratefully accepted. “I seem to recall that we met
Jimmy’s voice sounds distant and hollow, like it's coming to him from the end of a large tunnel. Dean looks at him, tries to see him as he did yesterday, alive and solid, and he can't. "What is?"
A finger brushed over Dean’s hole. The lube was still cold and it made Dean twitch away instinctively. One hand grasped his hip, keeping him still.
“I’m not sure. At my age, it seems unlikely that I will bond with anyone. Maybe if I didn’t put so much stock into finding a soulmate I could…”
It was a crazy idea. But crazy enough to work, maybe? The five beers Dean had downed over the evening seemed to agree on that.
“Just not used waking up in beds that aren’t mine,” Dean lied, and pretty shamelessly. Before Lisa, his whole sex life had revolved around one-night stands.
“It was my cousin’s.” Castiel glances away, a scowl on his face. “He is of the opinion that I’ve been a virgin for too long and need to ‘get laid’ before I ‘explode’.”
Dean closes his eyes again. Lets himself relax, and even though he’s cold and crammed into way too small a space it’s the most comfortable he’s been in weeks.
Cas’ arm brushes against Dean’s and he’s still coming closer. He leans in and Dean closes his eyes on instinct, only realizing after he’s done it that he’s being ridiculous, except then Cas’ lips brush against his own and
“My life doesn’t revolve around you. Anyway, I need it that loud while I vacuum, otherwise I can’t hear it.”
“Not professionally relevant, huh?” Dean says, Cas’ words coming back to him now that the embarrassment is fading. “So you bought these for, uh, recreational use?”
Cas grimaces. “The cherub was under the witch’s protection, I couldn’t sense him. And once we were on his trail he… distracted us quite successfully.”
Dean nodded, a little dazed. “Yeah.” He licked his lips, chasing the lingering taste of Cas’ chapstick. “Let’s just focus on dinner.”
And Dean wanted to argue. He had about fifty reasons why Charlie was wrong, but as soon as he tried to voice one it seemed weak or non-existent and died on his tongue
“Fine,” Dean says. “But for the record, I can still kick your ass, omega or not. So don’t get any funny ideas.”
The barn looks empty at first glance but Dean can already tell it’s not. It’s not even hearing or seeing, it’s the feeling in the air - there’s something lurking in the shadows, just waiting to get the drop on them.
As the sting faded and Dean got used to the stretch, he started moving faster, soon enough bouncing in Cas’ lap. Cas was meeting him thrust for thrust, grabbing Dean’s hips tightly and grinding his cock up inside Dean. Dean couldn’t hold back the breathy, punched-out gasps tumbling past his lips, couldn’t even find it in himself to
That’s all other Cas gets out before other Dean is on him, kissing him like a man possessed. Dean averts his eyes uncomfortably, feeling like an asshole for pressuring Cas on this. If this is what he had to deal with, multiple times, it’s no wonder he doesn’t wanna be around Dean anymore.
he was so nervous about. He already knew Mom and Sam accepted him, and no one could dislike Cas so they were bound to get along. Maybe it was just that this was the first time he’d introduced his family to a significant other since Lisa, and look how he’d fucked that up.
Dean feels like he’s in free fall, head swimming at the hot twist of Cas’ tongue, stomach swooping when Cas pulls away to take a shuddering breath and then trails his lips down Dean’s neck, licking, biting.
Dean shut the door behind him with maybe more force than was necessary but Cas didn’t flinch, watching Dean with an inscrutable expression.
Something caught in Dean’s throat. He squeezed the hand still holding his. “You’re doing great, Mom.”
He scrolled back to the top of the page, absentmindedly refreshing his browser, as if an explanation for everything would suddenly pop up. It didn’t, but something else did: a public message from some chick named just ‘Meg’.
A few long seconds pass and then the door is opening and Dean is there. Castiel opens his mouth to speak but the words stall as he takes in the sight of his neighbor, pale-faced and sweaty, his expression miserable and his eyes red.
Cas laughed. Then he reached for Dean, cupping his cheek and pulling him in for a dizzying kiss. Dean crowded closer to him, needing to anchor himself with the feel of skin on skin, feeling like he would float away if he didn’t.
He hadn’t been expecting this mountain of uncomfortable realities to be brought to his attention. Or really, only the two, but they felt enormous enough on their own.
It's obvious as soon as he enters the street that Maggie's definition of 'a few' is pretty loose. There are already enough people there so that the party has spilled into the front yard. And they're loud, too. Sam wouldn't be surprised if someone has already called the police to complain about the noise.
"You mind grabbing some dinner while we close?" Dean asks Sam. "There's a pizza place on the corner."
Cas grinned. “‘Fuck’ is right. That is precisely what I am going to do, fuck the insolence out of you.”
They’re getting to their feet just as the doors bust open, as Sam enters with his shotgun raised, Eileen just behind with her glock. They pause at the doorway, expressions stunned, and Dean finds himself grinning.
But that would be a lie. Dean can’t stop dwelling on it and he’s honestly not sure if it’s more about Cas or the way he rejected him.
just disappears into the soft press of Cas’ lips against his. For one blissful moment, Dean’s mind is silent.
Which might be why he’s currently letting Cas paint his toenails, with some polish Charlie left behind after her last visit.
“Would you like breakfast?” Cas asked as he pulled back, still near enough so that Dean could feel his breath on his cheek.
Neither one of them has noticed Sam. They can't seem to take their eyes off each other, and Sam wonders if it's just the weed or if this is something that's been around for longer.
“Very long,” Dean said hurriedly before either Cas or Daphne had the bright idea to share it. “No time to get into it now.”
He goes to lower his hand. Dean’s heart jumps and before he can make a decision about it, he’s grabbing Cas’ hand in his, holding it in place.
Dean has always felt bad for the hookers who bond with their johns. He’s seen it happen a few times and it usually ends messy. The kind of people who pay for sex aren’t generally the ones you want as soulmates. As fond as Dean is of some of his clients, he wouldn’t wanna get stuck with any of them.
It's no less violent than the previous blow, no less painful, and Dean answers it with all the fervor and anger he can muster, biting furiously at Cas's lips hard enough to draw blood.
Vaguely, but there’s one part of it Dean definitely recalls. “Are you gonna show me something you wrote?”
Dean looks down at his phone again, as if he might have received a message in the past minute without noticing. “Yeah.”
Not that Cas was anything like Lisa. He didn’t know anything about movies, or tv shows, or anything that had come out in the last like sixty years for that matter. What he did know about was beekeeping and obscure documentaries and video art, which Dean hadn’t even been aware was a thing until tonight.
Cas pulls his hand back from his chest and something follows, something blindingly bright. Dean has to look away but he can’t escape because then it starts
“Oh.” Daphne rubbed her forehead, cheeks pink with embarrassment. “Sorry. I’m not used to ex-boyfriends showing up at my door.”
One early morning, Dean comes running into the shop to escape the torrential rain. He shakes himself off as he enters, running his fingers through his hair to keep it from sticking to his head.
“Maybe it was presumptuous of me.” Cas looked suddenly nervous. “But you mentioned the other night that you had a special fondness for apple pie.”
Shockingly enough, Dean keeps his word and only buys Sam two bottles of some local brew. By the time Sam heads off to Maggie Barton's house, he's wishing Dean had ignored him. His stomach is twisting itself into knots at the thought of Maggie Barton and her soft-looking hair and her coconut smell. He could use something to calm his nerves.
Had he just turned down an attractive and, he knew from experience, extremely talented woman because he was
When he opened his eyes, Cas had just reached them. He put a hand on Daphne’s shoulder, shooting Dean a concerned glance, and Dean wanted to sink into the ground and down to hell, where he belonged. Guilt squirmed in his gut, hot and uncomfortable.
But if Castiel is at all put off by or creeped out, he doesn’t show it. “Yes. I’ve been told I’m better suited for it.”
Maybe he could call Cas up for drinks. Dean was self-aware enough to know the truth would make him sound insane, but coming up with an explanation for why he'd temporarily
Cas is still staring wordlessly at him. The urge to look away or to turn tail and flee is strong but Dean resists it. He got to say his piece, now it’s Cas’ turn.
An hour later, the apartment looked passably tidy and Dean himself was clean as a whistle. Feeling fired up by his small bout of productivity, Dean booted up the computer and logged onto Facebook.
“Maybe,” Dean mutters. He’s realizing with dawning horror that Sam is right. Or as good as, anyway. The only time he’s ever made the first move with a man was Cain and look where that got him. “Your point?”
The bar they meet in is in the opposite direction of the one Dean went to the other night, probably just as well. It’s called Purgatory (“Like the one in Miami?”) and it’s got that rustic decor that all the hipsters were creaming themselves over five years ago.
The girl's eyes widen in recognition. "Oh!" She looks over her shoulder, then back to Dean. "Castiel is doing inventory. I'll go get him."
Dean blushes. It's so like Jimmy to say something like this, completely unconcerned with how it might sound. He's always been like this: so open and kind, and not caring one bit if it makes him vulnerable. It makes Dean wish he were a better person, someone deserving of Jimmy’s friendship.
Despite himself, Dean snorts. “If you wanna be blunt about it, then yeah, that is one of the bigger issues.”
Cas seemed to sense what he was thinking, because he smirked. “If you want, I could open Facebook and-”
It’s still setting in. Cas kissed him. He kissed Cas. They have now kissed. Dean no longer needs to wonder what Cas’ lips will feel like against his. No longer needs to wonder if he’ll ever work up the courage to make the first step or if Cas will do it for him.
The lights are still on in the living room when Sam gets back to the apartment, and it sounds like Dean is watching TV. Sam briefly debates just sneaking into bed so Dean won't interrogate him, but dismisses the idea. He knows better. Dean will freak if he doesn't see Sam come back.
“I am,” Cas answers before things can involve into a Winchester kick-fest. “The Empty swallowed my grace whole. There is no getting it back from that.”
Cas tugged up his pants for him, tucking Dean’s dick back into his underwear, and only then did Dean realize what he’d just thought.
Someone cleared their throat. Dean looked away from Cas’ worried face, to the waitress standing next to them, holding two plates.
It was good. Fun. Cas sure as hell was a better rebound than Daphne had ever been. Dean went days without thinking about Lisa, which was a first since she’d dumped him.
He flips through them, one by one, face growing warmer as he takes each photograph in. They’re so much filthier than Dean remembered. His young self looks so shameless, basking in the attention of the camera,
It was silly as hell blushing over that, with Cas four fingers deep, but the casual dirty talk had always been a weak spot for Dean.
“Nothing,” Cas admits. “It doesn’t happen often but my supervisors do have other androids on hold in case someone abandons their post.”
“We should still go,” Sam agrees. “Just maybe explain the whole thing to her before she sees you up and about again.
Cas takes her carefully into his arms, supporting her head like the nurse at the hospital had shown Dean and cradling her to his chest. He bounces her just slightly and then, miracle of miracles, her crying starts to die down.
Dean presses a kiss against Cas’ chest. “I know you’re not. If you were, you would have said yes as soon as I offered to help you with your rut. Hell, you wouldn’t have even waited for me to offer.”
Dean blushes. “Sorry. I just hate it when people talk about family not being real, just because you’re not related by blood.”
Cas’ eyes narrowed, and then he was grabbing Dean’s thighs, pushing him up onto the table. Dean flailed momentarily, grabbing Cas’ shoulders to keep his balance and not fall flat on his back, on top of all the dirty dishes and cutlery still littering the table.
Dean pays for his coffee then goes to wait by the counter to pick up his order. He’s currently the only customer, not surprising considering it’s five AM. For once, Dean’s fucked up sleeping schedule is working in his favor.
He collapsed against the mattress, with just enough presence of mind to avoid the wet spot, gasping as if he’d just finished running a marathon.  “
Keith smiles again. It has an edge to it that Dean didn’t notice before. “Let me follow you to your car.”
Dean swallowed, feeling a little stupid for how much it affected him when he said, “What if he breaks up with me?”
“Maybe it wasn’t about you?” Charlie suggests. “There’s lots of reasons why a gay man in the Midwest might have hang-ups about getting hit on.”
Understanding dawned. Dean pinched his lips together, holding back his laughter. “You memorized that speech, didn’t you?”
Dean had gotten plenty of practice opening his apartment doors blinded with one hand while mid-kiss with some handsy woman. Cas wasn’t a woman, but the principle was essentially the same. It was a good thing, too, because Dean was about three seconds away from saying ‘fuck it’ and just stripping in the hallway.
“I think…” he stands up, walks over to Dean in slow, deliberate steps. “I think I want to kiss you.”
Dean blinks. His mind is still fighting to catch up with everything that happened in the last few minutes, and all he can think to do is ask again, "How long?"
He says it with a smile. Not that service-industry, my-bosses-tell-me-I-have-to kind of smile but small and genuine. It makes something in Dean’s chest constrict.
Dean gets inside, walking past the line by the counter and getting some angry grumbles from the lady up front.
Meg just laughs again at Castiel’s withering glare, but she drops the subject after that and they move onto more pleasant topics.
Cas stills. When he talks, it’s clear he’s picking his words carefully. “I didn’t know you had a brother.”
It was rare for Dean to go out without Cas these days but sometimes a guy just needed a solitary drink and burger at the Roadhouse.
Cas snorted. “I suppose they are.” He looked back into Dean’s eyes and just like that, the air between them shifted into something tense and heated. “I would rather not dwell on them, if it’s all the same to you.”
“I think so,” she says. “But I don’t wanna rush into something again. So I told her we could try being just friends first, see where it leads us.”
Dean glances at Cas. He's poking disinterestedly at his food, but he raises his head in a slight nod to acknowledge Meg. He looks calm, put-together, but underneath the table his hand is clinging to Dean's like a lifeline. Occasionally, his tongue darts out of his mouth to worry at the scab still present on his lower lip.
Dean winces. A heat is extremely unpleasant to go through alone – he should know, he’s gone through them all by himself under the wakeful eyes of his family to make sure he remained chaste – and he can’t imagine a rut being any easier.
“The douchey one?” Meg’s eyebrows rise and she glances back. “Huh. You never told me he was hot. You ever think of just banging it out with him?”
Dean swallows. Cas’ eyes are glued to his, the blue of them made all the brighter for the unshed tears. Even now, Dean can feel himself bucking under the pressure of his own expectations, of the expectations of every damn person who ever wanted him to be something he’s not.
Then, he’s pissed. Whatever happened didn’t actually really happen, so Dean shouldn’t be getting punished for something he never even did.
“Wait.” Dean crosses his arms. There’s something tickling at him, some realization just out of reach. “You said- why would Cain’s stuff even be relevant to you?”
Most of the rest of the texts are from Benny but there’s also a couple from Bobby and two from Tessa, Dean’s editor. He hasn’t opened those because he has nothing new to show her, so why bother?
They dig in together, discuss their plans for the day, which inevitably involve a few hours in the Men of Letters' library. Sometimes, they’ll hit the road for a hunt or to follow up on a clue, but most of their time and energy goes towards research. Three weeks in, Dean can tell that Sam and Eileen are getting tired of it, but neither one of them complains and he doesn’t bring it up. Quitting now is not an option.
There was a long, painful silence. Dean reached for Cas’ hand underneath the table, squeezing it tight, and Cas seemed to realize the terrible revelation he’d just casually dropped.
Dean isn’t expecting it, so he doesn’t react fast enough when Keith raises his fist. Next thing he knows, he’s staggering backwards, a sharp pain in the right side of his face.
Cas smiles apologetically. “That’s a long-winded way of saying… I study early to mid-20th century homosexual erotica. Photographs, mainly.”
“I really have become good at putting my foot in it,” Balthazar says with a stilted laugh, reminding Castiel of his presence.
Cas suggests they use the interim time to pick up wedding rings. They wind up spending the next day driving to Topeka, where they find a couple of silver rings in a pawn shop. They’re tarnished but otherwise in good condition and once they get home, Dean spends the rest of the evening cleaning them while trying very hard not to think about just what they’re for.
Dean gave himself another minute just to calm down properly, before going back outside. He felt a little bad for leaving Cas out there by himself, but that didn’t turn out to be a problem. They’d all moved into the living room and Cas sat on the couch next to Mom, already in deep conversation with her. Dean stopped in the doorway, heart feeling so stupidly full of love in that moment, seeing the people he loved the most all gathered in one place and enjoying each other’s company.
No messages from Cas. There were a couple of Charlie, apologizing for abandoning her post the night before, and Dean quickly fired off a ‘
Dean is midway through making what he’s sure will be a kick-ass omelet when Cas walks into the kitchen. Dean can recognize him without turning around by the slow, lumbering steps; Cas has not been a morning person since he became human.
He cut himself off with a long, drawn-out moan, hips stuttering and then stilling. Dean could feel his dick pulsing, and he couldn’t hold back a whimper at the realization that Cas was coming inside him. A condom between them, but still.
Castiel was struck dumb. An alpha questioning another alpha like this, never mind a virtual stranger, was extremely rude. It was all there in the scent. Saying it out loud, phrasing it like a question, came off as a passive-aggressive insult at best and Castiel was suddenly very aware of his many deficiencies next to this textbook example of an alpha.
The fight doesn’t last long. Even before the bouncer breaks it off, Keith is flat on his ass with a bloody nose.
Still, he would give his new neighbor the benefit of the doubt. He shook Dean’s hand when offered and smiled politely.
Cas lowers his hand again. His hooded eyes trace Dean's facial features, sending another burst of chills through Dean. He can't explain what it is, but there's something almost eerie about the way Cas is looking at him. Maybe it's his eyes. They look empty.
“Huh,” Sam says, quirking his head as if something just occurred to him. “Actually, have you ever asked a guy out?”
Dean looks up. Cas is watching him anxiously, clutching one hand in the other and clearly preparing himself for the worst.
Dean smiles sadly. “I know you’re serious about this. And I’m sorry you got stuck with… it would be better for you just to forget me.”
The word feels awkward coming out of his mouth. No matter how many times he says it, it always feels like a pose.
He brings the wet paintbrush to the canvas, when a sudden blast of electric guitar startles him. Castiel’s hand twitches at the shock, leaving a bright red streak covering what constitutes at least an hour’s work.
At first, he was sure that it wouldn’t be enough, that Cas would make him say it again, and part of him even hoped he would. But Cas took mercy on him, twisting his fingers inside Dean one more time to make sure he was loose enough, before pulling out.
Dean's picked up a job at a local bookstore, and all he's had to say about it so far is that the owner is really weird. He's home in the evenings, which is cool, and some nights it almost feels like they've got a real home.
Daphne was about as far away from Lisa as Dean could imagine, and from what Dean had heard about him he didn’t bear much of a resemblance to Daphne’s ex, Castiel. The guy had sounded like her perfect match, right up until he came out as gay.
He was right about one thing: the relationship between Dean and Cain wasn’t just one of photographer and model. Judging by the fact that Dean inherited at least a large sum of Cain’s estate, if not all of it, they were still together upon his death.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “Yes, imagine that. Healthy communication instead of bottling up my feelings until I explode!”
“It’s all because of you,” she tells Dean sullenly when he asks. “You got in my head. We were on our way to her place and then I couldn’t go through with it.”
No alarms start ringing when he jimmies open the lock on the backdoor, and they sneak inside. The dark hallway stretches out in front of them, their footsteps echoing eerily as they walk down it. The cafeteria is at the opposite end of the school but as they pass the library, Dean catches something moving through the window on the door.
Dean wanted to bite down on his tongue as soon as he’d said it, especially with the filthy grin Cas shot him. Like the situation wasn’t confusing enough, he had to make it worse by flirting. He kept his mouth shut the rest of the way until they reached the Impala.
Dean doesn't answer, but Sam can see him sneak the phone number into his pocket. Then Dad comes in, snapping at them to hurry up. They grab the rest of their bags and carry them out to the car.
Clearly, the solution was to avoid alcohol around Cas. Something about mixing the two did some strange things to Dean’s head, even if he barely got tipsy. This time around, he asked Cas to meet him at a café. Nice, neutral location to break it to him how very not gay Dean was but that he still wanted to stay friends.
“Uh-huh,” Sam says into his coffee, looking like he wants to be anywhere else. Hey, Dean’s the one who had to see Cas all half-naked and flushed and glistening with sweat. The least he can do is share the misery.
Dean suddenly realizes that they've been staring at each other for an inappropriately long time and looks away. "I should get going."
Dean blinks. He looks over at Sam, who seems as surprised as he feels. “Wait, what? You found a case here? We’ve been in town for like ten hours!”
Dean has had enough. He grabs Keith’s wrist and when Keith just tightens his grip on Dean, lifts his foot and brings his heel down hard on Keith’s toes.
night; they go out plenty. They tend to feel cooped up if they don’t, much as Dean loves the bunker.
“He doesn’t belong to you, asshole,” Dean shouts back but it’s less intimidating than he’d like, since he’s still got his hands covering his ears and is unable to stand quite straight even with Cas’ help. “Just let him go and go back to sleep like a nice little eldritch abomination!”
He’s in front of Dean’s door and knocking in moments, still clad in nothing but boxers and a t-shirt and uncaring of how this visit might come across. He’ll fight Dean if he has to but this omega needs help, even if all Castiel can do is drive them to the hospital and get them medical attention.
Cas reaches his hand out and it’s all Dean can do not to flinch when he cups Dean’s cheek, gently turning his head to face him. He keeps his eyes downcast, closing them when Cas leans in and kisses him.
Dean frowned, but before he could answer Cas cleared his throat from the kitchen doorway. “Hello. Sam and Eileen, isn’t it?”
Dean does manage to scrape together a shitty first draft to turn in on Monday. Miss Milton tries to get him to stay after class anyway, probably to talk about his
Closing his eyes, Dean grinned to himself as Cas gathered him in his arms. Come morning, this sucker wouldn’t know what hit him.
But then, Cas left. He didn’t run away horrified or anything but he didn’t stick around either. Did he think it was a mistake as soon as he’d done it? Should Dean have stopped him?
He doesn’t say it but he’s broadcasting it so loudly he might as well have: Cas is scared. And Dean can’t exactly blame him.
The effect was instantaneous, a bright pink blush spreading over Cas’ cheeks. He swallowed audibly. “Technically, you didn’t promise-”
is definitely not the word Dean would use to describe this. Cas’ lips are warm and he’s a bit clumsy, a little too eager, but then he sucks on Dean’s lower lip and bites down, gently, and Dean thinks he might have a knack for this, after all.
Cas was silent for a scarily long time. Dean finally risked a glance up, but it did him no good. Cas’ eyebrows were knitted together, his lips turned down in a slight, thoughtful frown, and Dean had no idea what that expression even meant.
isn’t a great place. The coffee is only okay and the identical android baristas creep Dean out but right now, he doesn’t care about any of that. He just needs to get his caffeine fix without feeling like he’s being judged by strangers.
Eileen shook Cas’ hand too, waiting until he had dropped it to introduce herself by both signing and saying, “I’m Eileen, Sam’s girlfriend. Obviously.”
By the tone of Sam’s voice, Dean can already tell it has nothing to do with Cas or the Empty. He doesn’t sound nearly excited enough.
Dean nods. Then he turns towards the portal. Even just the feeling it emanates is repulsive and Dean has to fight every instinct to walk towards it.
“Well.” Dean ducks his head, suddenly feeling coy. “I jump-started it. Or I guess, Jack did, technically. I just… woke you up.”
Cas picked the music, and the margaritas, because it turns out he doesn’t really like beer or hard liquor but he wanted to try getting drunk anyway. Dean’s the sucker who went out and bought all that margarita mix, because he’s finding it more and more difficult to tell Cas no these days.
Later, once he’s taken care of all the formalities with the teacher and has said goodbye to Emma, Dean heads back to the car and wonders why he didn’t correct her. Why he went along with her mistake.
Cas shook his head. “Thank you, but I only live a couple of blocks away. Besides, I could use the exercise.”
Castiel averts his eyes, embarrassment settling in now that he’s not directly in front of Dean’s infuriating face. He knows better than this, or he did before he met Dean. “That was my neighbor.”
“I don’t mind waiting.” Cas took a sip of his beer, shooting Dean a warm smile. “I’m in good company.”
Sam is wounded - mostly over Dean and Cas not telling him before they got married, though Dean can tell some part of it is his pride at not seeing this coming - but he’s over it soon enough, once they explain that it wasn’t a big deal, not some proper ceremony, just a quick affirmation of what they already knew.
Before he can think twice, before he can wonder whether this is an appropriate thing to do with the new God or not, Dean takes a step forward and pulls Jack into a hug. After a moment, Jack relaxes against him and hugs him back.
neither one of them brings up the kiss or the potential for it happening again. Dean’s almost convinced it didn’t happen at all. Maybe him vividly hallucinating his best friend kissing him is more likely than Cas actually doing it.
“Dean,” another bartender, a blonde Castiel is just now noticing, hisses. “Play nice with the customers, remember? You know Adler’s looking for reasons to fire you.”
at him. Finally, a slow smile spread on his lips. It was warm and joyful and so damn beautiful, Dean felt honest-to-god butterflies in his stomach at the sight of it. “You love me?”
His legs bumped against the mattress and then he was going down, Cas on top of him, straddling him in one smooth movement.
His upper hand lasted for about ten seconds. Then Cas’ fingers returned between his legs, slick with lube, and he was pressing one finger inside Dean. It stung and felt really fucking strange but something about it also went straight to Dean’s cock. Cas seemed to know exactly what he was doing because it wasn’t long before Dean started to loosen and he was adding another finger, twisting them expertly.
“Really?” Dean sat up in the bed. God, he was making this so much worse than it had to be and yet, he couldn’t help himself. “What if I called Lisa, invited her to your party?”
He’d just never thought of it as a thing that applied to him. Sure, he’d always had kind of a crush on Harrison Ford, but everyone had same-sex celebrity crushes. There was also Dr. Sexy, but Dean maintained that his sexiness defied gender or sexuality.
Their sweep of the crime-scene is quick. The case is almost too easily solved. They’ve got all the pieces laid out for them already, from the murder method to the sketches of the monsters left on the scene to the notes in Dad’s journal about a similar case in the 80s. Maybe they’ve just been tangling with God-level threats for too long but Dean almost feels cheated.
Cas retaliated by ducking his head down and capturing Dean’s lips in a searing kiss. They kept moving against each other, and Dean wasn’t sure if it was the heightened emotions of the situation or what but he’d never gotten so hard so fast from just making out and dry-humping.
It had been a year, but Dean was never gonna stop blushing when Cas complimented him out of the blue like this.
Jack grimaces apologetically. Then he’s waving his hand, and with a motion a hole opens mid-air, dark and slimy-looking.
Of course, just as soon as Dean had that thought, he stepped into the hall and nearly rammed into her.
A look of what might be disappointment crosses over Jimmy’s face, but then it's gone and he's changing the topic to schoolwork.
“I took the morning off,” Castiel says. “I may have overworked myself slightly last night. I’ve had some difficulties writing lately and I was working through them with my advisor.”
They didn’t pull apart for more than the couple of minutes it took Dean to check on the stew until the doorbell rang. Dean nearly jumped at the sound, heart immediately in his throat.
She leaves and a strange silence descends over the room. Dean fiddles with his thumbs, not looking in Sam’s direction, then sighs and reaches for the enochian text.
“I-” Castiel says. He snaps his mouth shut, unable to process this. How is this possible? Dean is an
She left with a small wave, which Dean absentmindedly responded to. He went back to eating his burger, and it took him a full minute to process what had just happened.
“I don’t know,” Dean says. “This kinda crap, I guess. Paint each other’s nails, listen to music, get drunk on girly drinks. Talk about boys.” He snorts. “Or sex, if you’re not a preteen girl.”
Sam’s not sure how he gets back to the bunker. He must have driven himself because as he comes to, he’s parked in the driveway, in the driver’s seat of the Impala, but he can’t remember how he got there.
“You’re probably right,” Cas agreed, and then he was crowding Dean against the table again, rubbing his open palm over Dean’s cheeks before giving them another hard spank. “Maybe later.”
Dean shakes his foot loose from Cas’ to kick his little brother underneath the table. Sam shoots him a glare, kicking back.
It wasn’t long before Cas’ cock was again pressing against Dean’s hole, and then he was starting to push inside. Dean’s self-confidence faltered as he felt the stretch, and it seemed like half an eternity before the head was finally past his rim.
“I’ve been avoiding everyone,” Dean says, which is true, but it’s also an excuse and one Cas sees through right away.
would put him in the same position as Daphne. If he was gonna prove Cas wasn’t that good of a lay (he ignored the voice inside his head whispering that it seemed pretty unlikely at this point), this was the way to do it.
Dean stares at the table. If he could, he’s sure he would’ve burnt a hole into it by now. Nothing Sam is saying is surprising, exactly, but it still hurts to hear. It’s something that’s been stirring in Dean’s head, a thought he hasn’t allowed himself to think.
It took a moment for Dean to get with the program but once he did, he did his best to respond in kind. He pulled Cas even closer by the waist, twisting his tongue in a way that had been proven highly effective with most of his ex-girlfriends and hookups. He was rewarded with a soft groan and Cas arching against him.
Dean waves his hand dismissively. "I will be in a few months. Besides, my fake I.D. works just as good as a real one."
) but it’s somehow the most romantic fucking thing that’s ever happened to him since Cas first told him he loved him. And hey, this time no one had to die!
No, Lisa had a kid. She’d been very upfront about it right from the start that being with her also meant being there for Ben. And Dean had been crazy about her, and about Ben, so he hadn’t thought twice at first.
Dean didn’t like asking for romantic advice. Most of his friends weren’t qualified to give it and those who were tended to be insufferable about it. He wasn’t even sure this thing with Cas counted as ‘romantic’. It was definitely at least a little bit ‘gay’, though, which narrowed Dean’s choices down to just one.
She smacked his chest with the back of her hand. “Don’t be rude, kid. I have all your embarrassing childhood pictures and I’m not afraid to use them.”
Dean’s jaw snapped shut. This wasn’t going the way he’d wanted. He wasn’t sure what he’d expected from Charlie, but some part of him had been hoping she’d have a totally innocent explanation for why he’d turned down Jamie that he just hadn’t thought of himself.
Dean cleared his throat, suddenly very aware of his phone sitting heavy in his pocket, with no new messages or calls from Cas since the day before. “I don’t know yet. It’s up to him.”
Then he realized that he’d been caught staring and he turned his head away, cheeks flushing in embarrassment. He took another sip of his beer, more for something to do than because he actually wanted to. He surely couldn’t keep up his surveillance now, they’d be watching to see if he looked their way again.
Maybe he’s got a boyfriend, though judging by the way Balthazar was clearly trying to set them up Dean doubts that. Maybe Dean was being too aggressive or moving too fast. Cas might be one of those people who needs to get to know a person before he can even consider dating them.
“What the-” Dean jumps to his feet. The chair rocks at the movement, the fishing pool falling down with a thud. “Where the hell am I?”
Not that Dean is doing the one thing that omegas are supposed to be good for, letting his alpha bend him over and breed him. But then, Novak hasn’t exactly been pushing him for it.
“I – uh – large black coffee,” Dean says. When Castiel just looks more unimpressed, he quickly adds, “To go. Please.”
It's the wrong thing to say, given the situation. Dean can feel himself blushing, but at least Cas's smirk slips away.
so i'm kind of terrible and i did not mean to leave this on a year-long hiatus. but the actual last chapter *is* mostly complete (there's only one scene left to write), it was just getting too long and i needed to cut it in two so it could have space to breathe. it'll probably be up tomorrow. possibly even tonight, if i can manage, but definitely no later than tomorrow.
Since Sam didn’t join them, they’re gonna have to wait for him a few minutes out in the parking lot, which is just fine by Dean. It’s a nice night and Cas is leaning against Dean’s side, still giggling about some stupid joke they made ten minutes ago. Dean’s heart aches a little to think it’s all he’s ever gonna get but that doesn’t mean he’s not gonna treasure it.
"With this?" Dean asks. The crowbar feels heavy in his hand, but he doesn't understand what damage it can do to a ghost.
Castiel watches as Dean mixes his drink again. He does so expertly and to his annoyance, Castiel can’t help but notice how tightly his t-shirt clings to him and how nimble his fingers are. He tears his eyes away from him, to see Meg is looking at him with a strange expression on her face. Castiel flushes and diverts his gaze to the bar countertop, ashamed that he’s just been caught staring.
Castiel nodded and turned to the bartender, trying to catch her attention. Meanwhile, Dean tried to catch his breath, chest constricting in mild panic.
Mom reached around his shoulders, pulling him into a hug. Dean hugged her back, relaxing into her arms and feeling for a moment like that twelve-year-old kid who’d come home after school to find out Dad had bailed on them. Mom had hugged him like that, then, and Dean had known instantly that he’d never have to worry about her leaving.
Dean’s hand went slack around hers. Lily pulled it back, looking at once a little wary. “Uh. Nice to meet you?”
’ back. He’d make it up properly to her later but right now, there was something else he needed to do.
And suddenly it's too much to take. Sitting across from Jimmy, who is there but not, right in front of Dean but forever out of reach, and not even realizing it. "You died Jimmy. You can't date me, you can't date anyone, because you're a
Dean pats Emma’s head, careful not to disturb the pink bow clinging precariously to a few strands of hair. That woman was not the first person to confuse Emma for a boy, probably because most of her clothes are hand-me-downs from Cas’ nephew, Jack.
It’s been a productive afternoon. Castiel surveys his canvas for a moment, a peaceful scene of a meadow bathed in the rays of a setting sun. It is nearly complete, save for a few wildflowers at the edges. He’s been painting them for the past few hours, adding painstaking detail to every individual flower, making sure that every single petal looks perfect.
“It never hurts to be prepared,” Cas responded, sinking the tip of his finger into Dean’s hole and twisting it.
Dean was so busy pretending to be interested in his beer, he missed Castiel coming his way until he was sliding into the seat next to him.
Slowly, Cas started pressing inside. It was somehow just as overwhelming as the first time, his dick feeling huge and unyielding compared to his fingers. He didn’t go all the way inside yet, pumping with small movements, pushing his dick only half-way inside before pulling it back out again almost completely, head popping past Dean's rim and inside him again. It was an unbearable tease. Dean tried to push back, get him deeper, but Cas kept a vice grip on his hips, keeping him right where he wanted him.
Castiel shot him an uncertain smile. It looked more like a grimace, like he was deeply uncomfortable with the whole situation but soldiering on anyway for god knew what reason. “Were you looking at me or one of my companions?”
“Don’t get any wild ideas about me being a virgin before we met,” he adds. “I wasn’t kept under such a close watch all the time.”
The words come rushing out of Dean’s mouth before he can stop them. He wants to grab them back, especially when Castiel answers:
Meg cackles. “Oh, come on Clarence. You telling me you don’t wanna get rid of all that pent-up aggression?”
Dean shrugs, uncomfortable at the deluge of sincere praise. This is the kind of emotional honesty members of the Winchester family don’t usually engage in unless somebody’s on their deathbed.
He can’t smell an alpha. It’s just the omega’s scent, stronger than ever and near impossible to resist even with the sour notes of distress.
“That’s-” Daphne blew out a deep sigh. “I can’t decide if that’s strangely romantic or incredibly skeezy.”
,” Sam repeated, with the kind of darkness in his tone that belied some childhood trauma. Okay, so he’d caught Dean in compromising positions a few times over the years. That still didn’t excuse him basically calling Dean a slut. “And it’s not like I don’t know bisexuality is a thing. I’ve seen Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.”
Dean would know if they did, because he’s only been fantasizing about it for the better part of a decade.
Dean nods absentmindedly. Then he pauses as he realizes the full meaning of Cas’ words. “Wait, so have you never really seen grass?”
Dean shut him up with a kiss. They both had morning breath so he kept it short and clean, trailing his lips down Cas’ neck and guiding him with a hand on his waist to lie back down. Cas was naked, which made the proceedings simpler, but that also meant that his rapidly hardening-dick was impossible to ignore as it bumped against Dean’s hip. Dean ignored it, at least for now, focusing on the parts of Cas’ anatomy he had experience with.
He’s hard. Dean can feel it, poking him in the thigh, but somehow that doesn’t scare him half as much as his own answering hardness, quickly growing uncomfortable in his jeans.
He goes to the kitchen, cooks breakfast. Sam is usually out on a run and most mornings, Eileen is in the kitchen already, coffee brewing. Dean greets her with a kiss on the cheek - another crucial part of his new routine/holding-pattern, making sure he touches someone first thing in the morning. That’s less about structure and more about reminding himself that he’s human. Sam gets a pat on the back when he gets back from his run, and a one-armed hug once he’s actually showered. By then, breakfast is usually ready.
Dean sits up, jostling Cas awake. For a moment, they just look at each other, both smiling sleepily. Then Dean, forgetting for a moment everything they are and everything they
“I’m not sure,” Castiel admits. Then, feeling unexpectedly bold, he adds, “But I do want to kiss you again.”
“No,” Cas interrupts. He gives Dean a patient smile. “No, you couldn’t have. There was no other way. It doesn’t matter, when it comes to heaven and humanity I made my choice a long time ago. There is no place I would rather be than right here.”
Jack pulls back and his eyes are shining. “Take good care of each other until you get back here, will you? And say hello to Cas and Sam for me.”
Dean picked up the phone on Thursday afternoon, punching in Mom’s number and making the call before he could second-guess himself. Introducing Cas to his family was just the next logical step, and it had to happen sooner or later.
“I wouldn’t- uh-” Dean sputtered, and he could feel his face turning even redder than before. “I-I mean…” he could feel the words coming, knew what he was about to say, and as much as he didn’t want to, he didn’t feel capable of stopping. “Yeah, sure.”
For a moment, they just stare at each other. It’s kind of romantic, except for the part where there’s a pile of bones on fire just a few feet away from them.
“Family of four in Canton, Ohio. Parents were murdered, Dad’s blood drained and Mom’s tongue cut out. The kids...”
“I don’t want to go without you,” Dean counters. Whatever Cas is feeling, this much he knows. He’s never been so sure of anything. “Come with me to California, Cas.”
“I wasn’t really asking your permission,” Cas said, voice a little cold now. “I just wanted to make sure you were comfortable with it.”
And Dean had his pride, but at this moment he couldn’t scrape it together if he tried. “Please, Cas-
Cas nodded absentmindedly, eyes darting down to Dean’s lips. “And now that you’ve… caught your bearings?”
Cas takes the cup from Dean’s hand and Dean startles, realizing that he emptied it without paying attention.
Something occurs to Dean. There’s only one other person he knows who was so into old nudes and if Cas has been looking for that stuff then it seems almost impossible for them to have never met. It would explain what Cas was doing at Rocky’s; he doesn’t exactly seem like the type to hang out at bars.
They were both close, and when Cas let go of Dean’s hip and reached around him to grab his dick it didn’t take more than a handful of pumps for Dean to come. Cas followed right after, grinding his hips against Dean as he came, pressing his forehead against Dean’s shoulder blade.
That had to be it. Dean just needed more friends. He’d lost a lot of them when he and Lisa broke up, since most of them had been her friends more than his, so it was only natural that he’d want new ones.
Next to him, Cas started to stir. He let out a long huff, then pulled himself closer to Dean, burying his nose in the crook of his neck. Weirdly enough, Dean didn’t feel the impulse to push him away. This whole morning felt strange, almost unreal. Dean was half-expecting to actually wake up any second.
Someone moves behind him and Dean swirls around, heart caught in his throat. For a moment, he thinks it's Jimmy, but then he realizes that Jimmy’s hair has never looked so unkempt.
The library is a mess. Books and torn out pages littering the floor, several shelves knocked over, the librarian's computer lying face-down on the desk, and at least a couple of windows broken.
“I was just about to,” Daphne said. “Then I bumped into Dean. I didn’t know you two knew each other.”
Apparently, none of this was enough to discourage his dick, because it was still hard enough to pound nails. Experimentally, Dean started moving, grinding his hips in small circles. Cas let out a strangled gasp, hands grasping for Dean’s thighs.
“How do I look?” he asked Cas, nervously running his fingers through his hair, which had to be a mess by now.
“I’m gonna grab a drink,” Dean excused himself, pulling out his phone as he made his way to the kitchen.
They turned around, facing Daphne and a curly-haired woman Dean hadn’t seen before. It had been a couple of months since they’d last run into Daphne but they were all on good terms by now, and she looked happy enough to see them.
“I don’t blame her.” Cas shifted, his expression turning solemn, eyes cast down. “I won’t lie Dean, I was upset.”
It’s a delay on his mission to get Cas out. But if it’ll get Sam and Eileen off his back, get them all recharged for more mind-numbing research, then Dean will make peace with that. Besides, it’s kids in danger.
That last word is loud, ringing through Dean’s body and he snaps his hands over his ears but it’s useless. The noise is
Clearly, he didn’t like Dean hitting on him. No matter how many times Dean goes over the conversation in his head, he can find no other explanation. He was all for a good conversation but as soon as Dean started flirting, he shut down.
Novak’s friends – Castiel’s friends, Dean might as well start using his first name now that they’re hanging out –
“It doesn’t matter,” Castiel says. He watches Balthazar watching the photos, an irrational anger bubbling in his chest, and before he can think twice he’s snatched them from his view. “And would you
The bell chimes as Dean enters and Cas calls without looking up from the till, “Large black coffee to go?”
“Oh,” he breathes, looking down at Dean who turned around at some point during the night and is now resting his head against Castiel’s chest. He’s also awake, although barely, peering at Castiel from underneath heavy eyelids.
On the other hand, trawling through Castiel’s Facebook page hadn’t turned up anything important. Shouldn’t he be working to move past this? And wasn’t the best way to do so to find out what the hell was so great about this guy?
It isn’t until he’s passing a local brewery and spots a familiar black car in the parking lot that Castiel slows, heart hammering in his chest for completely different reasons than before.
He’s not being loud but the words echo around the shop anyway, causing everyone to fall silent. Dean is all too aware that the other customers are now looking at him and even Steve has stopped to stare but he doesn’t care about any of them. Doesn’t care about anything but Cas and the visible hurt he’s radiating.
Dean cracks open an eye. Nothing. But then, he wasn’t really expecting it. He releases his hands, leans back in his chair. His gums are tingling and he has a sudden, overwhelming desire to grab the nearest bottle of whiskey and drink until he can’t see straight.
Yeah, that would go great. ‘Because I used to date Daphne and the only reason you and I even met is because she said you fucked her better’. Dean would get dumped so fast, it would make his head spin.
“You were the one who-” Sam huffed, letting his hands drop at his side. “Never mind. Have you even been out of the house since Friday?”
“Uh.” Dean scratched his chin. “Let’s just say I had something to prove to myself. But I’m way past that now and I have no idea what I’m doing.”
"What do you want from me, Dean?" Cas asks. "Do you want me to feel guilty about taking a vessel? Because I already do."
That’s over a decade. Castiel can’t imagine the pain of losing someone after such a long relationship but he’s certain it takes more than a handful of months to recover from.
Okay, so that had taken no fucking time at all. But then again, Dean had blown Cas and gotten just a handjob in return.
Nothing good ever followed those words but Dean owed Cas more than ignoring him and occupying his bathroom all night. He climbed to his feet, stiff and cold from sitting on the tiled floor so long, and opened the doors to face his mistakes.
And he’s walking out of the kitchen. Leaving Dean by himself, still struggling to comprehend what just happened. Cas just
By the end of the week, on the day the first drafts are due, Dean still hasn't decided what to write about. He doesn't really know why he keeps putting it off, other than general lack of motivation, and the fact that he has nothing to turn in doesn't bother him like it should.
It’s maybe a bit presumptuous but Dean can’t regret it when Cas smiles, small and private. “I’d like that.”
Daphne glanced between them, smile dimming. She finally seemed to be picking up on the increasing tension but of course she couldn’t know why. “I… really should be going.”
By the time Cas was adding a fourth finger, Dean was hard enough to pound nails and despite not being loose enough yet, dying to get fucked already.
Dean’s the one to deepen the kiss, licking the seams of Cas’ lips until they part on a sigh. He tastes sweet and sour like those stupid margaritas, and Dean thinks he might be intoxicating like them too, because he’s sure as hell feeling more buzzed by the second.
He dreams of Jimmy and of shards of glass raining down on him, tearing his pale skin like paper until there is nothing left. He wakes up, and it's near midnight.
Cas grins at that, and Dean can feel himself starting to blush. Cas has his number down, always did, and Dean isn't sure if he's comfortable with that or not. It makes him want to be honest, to lay himself bare. To tell Cas any number of things he's been thinking since he entered the bookstore: that he missed him, that he's barely gone a day without thinking of him in the past year, that he wishes he could stay.
Finally, Cas said, “I think we should finish this conversation tomorrow. And I think you should go home.”
As Dean waits, his phone starts ringing. It’s on silent but the vibrations are obnoxiously loud, almost worse than the ringtone. Dean doesn’t need to check to know that it’s Charlie so he ignores his phone, letting it ring out.
It’s approaching the end of October. The trees are bursting with color and there’s a chill in the air, although the temperatures still haven’t dropped below freezing. Castiel settles on a route just at the outskirts of town, a ten mile circuit he frequently takes whenever he’s got the time. It’s a little cold as he starts, his t-shirt and cycling shorts not lending him much protection, but once he gets going that stops being a problem.
“We should-” Dean pulls away, puts his hand on Cas’ chest to keep him from chasing, “-we should stop. That’s enough practice.”
Castiel’s eyes drop to his lips. Then he’s leaning in, closing the gap between them, and at the first touch of their lips Dean is lost. He’s never felt it before but it’s unmistakable. The bond.
He cuts himself off with a yelp as Castiel pulls away, grasping his thighs tight and turning him around. He’s quick to get with the program, arching his back as Castiel crawls on top of him and presenting oh so prettily. Castiel grasps his hip, grinds against Dean’s backside and groaning when the head of his cock catches against Dean’s hole. He’s the one who feels desperate now, heat coursing through his veins and cock achingly hard.
Cas’ expression freezes. He stares down at his desk for a long moment, then, just as Dean is wondering if he should start worrying, exhales softly.
Then the doubt started creeping in. Dean had a shitty role model when it came to fatherhood, okay? What if he became the kind of distant father John had been? What if he and Lisa fell out of love a few years down the line and Ben would come home one day from school to find his family torn apart?
Dean usually avoids the school library like the plague. The place kind of gives him the creeps. Maybe it's the way the corridors seem to stretch endlessly on, despite the fact that the library is really pretty small. Or maybe it's the almost unnatural cold.
Dean woke slowly, drifting into consciousness piece by piece. First, he became aware of an arm wrapped around his midsection and a warm body pressed against his side. Then, the slight headache that signaled he’d been drinking the night before, though not painful enough to really qualify as a hangover. Then, aches in other places, ones that didn’t normally ache.
Dean swallowed. He could tell from her voice that she thought she had it figured out. And she almost did. “Kinda. I, uh, met someone.”
Dean’s just reached that depressing conclusion the night Cas asks him to go out to the local bar. Okay, so it’s not
Dean should discourage him - like this whole thing isn’t middle school enough, now Cas is gonna give him a goddamn hickey - but he just tilts his head back, gives Cas more room to work. Cas presses a kiss against his Adam’s apple and then licks the dip of his clavicle, slow and hot like he’s savoring the taste of Dean’s skin.
On the other hand, there’s that rejection. Dean hasn’t been turned down this spectacularly in a while and never by someone he was so sure liked him back. He shut Dean down so fast it left him reeling and then he bailed even quicker, leaving behind his friend and his half-finished drink like the bar had caught on fire.
The whole thing straddled a strange fence in Dean’s head between date and just-friends-hanging-out, and he honestly wasn’t sure which side he wanted it to fall on.
touching him. Not that Dean really minds the attention, especially not when Cas’ rut hormones kick off his own heat a week later and they spend another three amazing days in bed.
He swings the door open with one hand, holding the other out for Cas. After a moment, Cas takes it, intertwining his fingers with Dean’s and squeezing tightly. It doesn’t feel quite like holding a human hand, the skin of a slightly different texture, but that’s okay. It’s Cas.
Dean spares one glance at Castiel before turning his attention to Meg with a charming smile. “You’ve got it. And for your boyfriend?”
Finally, with a pointed elbow from Kaia and a hangdog expression from Cas, Claire mumbles that she’s happy for them. While Dean doesn’t doubt that’s true he also knows that this is more complicated for her than the rest of them, and for the first time he kind of feels guilty about springing this news on everyone.
Jimmy is already in the cafeteria by the time Dean gets there, as usual. He's offered many times to wait by his classroom until Dean gets there so they can walk together, but Dean's always turned him down on the grounds that somebody needs to save their spot.
Dean and Cas hardly leave bed the entire time except to bathe and eat. Dean is feeling half-way delirious by the end of it, hopped up on happy alpha pheromones and basking in the afterglow of a series of glorious orgasms.
Carefully, Dean sucked on the head, grasping the rest of Cas’ dick with one hand and pumping it slightly. He tongued at the slit, remembering what he himself liked, and was rewarded with a guttural groan. Sucking dick honestly wasn’t as strange as Dean had expected; it really was just one step away from a handjob, which was just one step away from masturbation. Totally not gay.
Castiel just looks at him. There’s a look in his eyes that might be relief. Dean ignores it and goes back to shoving forkfuls of bacon into his mouth.
“What’s-” his mouth was dry as a desert, so he wetted his lips, stomach flipping again when Cas’ eyes dropped to follow the movement of his tongue, “What’s with the name, anyway?”
“I, uh,” Dean laughs, hoping it doesn’t sound as forced as it feels. “I was just giving my friend a ride to campus and I figured, since I was already here… you said you had a book I might like? About gay bars?”
So sorry for the late update, I had such a difficult time with this chapter. It's a bit on the shorter end but the next (and final) chapter will be more than long enough to make up for it! Big thanks as always to avyssoseleison for reading through this for me ;*
Dean briefly debates turning around and sneaking back to bed, pretending he never left it. But Cas already knows he’s here and Dean can’t avoid his best friend forever.
Cas doesn’t bring it up. Once he’s done showering he comes back to the kitchen but all he does is ask Dean how many eggs there are left. Dean isn’t sure what that means so he answers like nothing happened.
“Nothing, I just-” Dean laughs, rubbing his hand over his eyes. “Are we having a slumber party right now?”
Dean wishes he could say that Castiel Novak slipped his mind as soon as he left his bar. That the busy nights, the somehow busier days, and the literal dozens of men who flirted with him as he took their order over the weekend were enough to push away all thoughts of this weird, dorky little guy.
That’s a possibility but Dean still doesn’t like that he left without letting them know. Cas has been better lately about checking in and not leaving without so much as saying goodbye. He’d been planning on going back to the bunker with them. Dean was gonna take him out to play pool and he’d been excited about it.
“Happy birthday, babe,” Dean muttered, kissing his cheek, like he hadn’t already wished Cas a happy birthday this morning when he woke him up with a blowjob.
“I do.” Cas crouches, holding out a finger to Emma who grasps it in her chubby hand. “It’s because she’s a monkey herself.”
“We weren’t a great match but that was okay, we were both on the rebound and just needed some company. Daphne was still totally hung up on you. Not that I can blame her,” Dean added, giving Cas a faint smile. Cas just gave him an unamused look in return.
Sam nods, feeling a little unsettled by the whole situation. He can't even put his finger on why. Maybe it's just Dean losing track of time like that, at a bookstore of all places. Whatever it is, Sam can't shake the feeling that he was interrupting something, and he's grateful Dean asked him to leave.
“Love is the best aphrodisiac,” Cas said, somehow managing to keep a straight expression on his face as he said it. “And I would like to make love to you now, Dean.”
The bookstore Dean works at is tiny and cramped and filled with books. Not in the usual bookstore way; every shelf is crammed full and there are stacks of books just sitting on the floor, some of them reaching all the way to the ceiling. It's dark, too, since the big front window is nearly entirely eclipsed by books, and there's a heavy, pungent smell in the air. Sam doesn't know how Dean can stand to work in a place like this.
Dean puts down the crate of beer bottles he’s been hauling from the back. “Can you put those away in the fridge? And what do you mean, ‘couldn’t go through with it’?”
Except… this was his chance to prove Daphne wrong, wasn’t it? It wasn’t like Cas was gonna sleep with her again, so she couldn’t find out that way she’d been looking at the past through rose-tinted glasses and that Dean was actually the best she’d had. If Dean could beat Cas tonight, he’d walk away secure in the knowledge that this had all been some big misunderstanding, and his status as sex expert (sexpert? He’d come up with a better phrase later) could go on unquestioned.
Castiel turns redder and doesn’t answer. Probably doesn’t wanna hurt Dean’s feelings by reminding him that he’s repulsed by just the thought of touching him.
Dean wasn’t sure how much time passed as he sat on the bathroom door, throwing his own private pity party. A few people knocked on the door, some more annoyed than others, but eventually the frequency of the knocks decreased and then stopped. Outside, Dean could hear the music being turned off and quiet voices conversing.
“Yes,” Castiel agrees. He swallows, mouth suddenly and inexplicably dry. “I didn’t know you were an omega.”
"We're gonna be here a bit longer," Dean says instead. "Dad's finished the hunt but he picked another one near Denver. Says it'll be a couple of weeks, at least."
Thomas Waugh, who wrote The Fruit Machine (the book this fic was inspired by) also published the book
ofc i had to include dean thirsting over cas' thighs. and ofc i also had to include hints of drowley. yes, crowley is negging dean. it's not working out for him.
fucking good. Dean bit back the moans bubbling in his throat, hiding his face in the crook of Cas‘ neck as he came, hips twitching helplessly into Cas‘ hand.
Then Cas is pulling away. Dean opens his eyes again, immediately caught by that familiar blue, and just like that the doubt is creeping back in.
Cas approaches, handing Dean his cup. Their fingers brush as Dean takes it, causing a small shock of static electricity.
For a long minute, neither one of them spoke. They drew their hands back, wiping their hands on each other’s skin – they were both filthy anyway, and Dean would definitely also have to wash this carpet – and just breathed.
with Cas is a relationship,” Charlie said, giving Dean a look that was far too close to pity for his tastes. “And whether you like to admit it or not, the fact that you turned down Jamie means you see it that way too.”
Dean is just about to turn in for the night when he gets a call on his work cell. It’s an unfamiliar voice but he says one of Dean’s regulars recommended him. He sets up a meeting at the motel Dean frequents, eager for his services as soon as possible. Dean tells him he’ll be there in ten.
"That you don't want to date me," Jimmy says. He smiles and Dean would almost buy that it's genuine, but he knows him too well. "I understand."
“I can’t go myself,” Jack explains. “But I can place someone else there. And the Empty won’t hold any control over a human soul. It will want to expel you on instinct. You should be able to fight against it long enough to get to Cas.”
They should have done it sooner, Sam knows, but Eileen wanted him ready to say goodbye and he wasn’t. Still isn’t, but he’s standing at least, lucid, and Eileen’s hand is warm in his own as they take a lighter to his brother.
"I regret giving you this number," Dean sighs, though he really doesn't. Even when he's high off his ass and doing his best to make Dean uncomfortable, it's good to hear from Cas.
“Two,” Dean says, because it’s very important to him that Cas remember that. Once is an accident. Twice is a pattern. “You had two moments. You kissed me twice.”
“Just-” his voice cracks. He clears his throat, tries again. “Gimme one week before we talk about this. Just one more week.”
There’s no answer. Then the doors are being yanked open and Dean stumbles inside, right into Castiel’s arms. He flails but Castiel catches him with ease, pulling him back up by his shoulders and tugging him in for a searing kiss.
Happy holidays! I'm not 100% pleased with how some sections of this chapter turned out but I've edited and rewritten them to death and I wanted to get this out on time. Hopefully it's still a decent read.
Dean’s lips twitched. Only his dork of a boyfriend could fuck someone over the table after a family dinner and call it ‘nice’. No wonder he loved him.
“That’s it,” Cas encouraged, pulling slightly away and reaching between them to yank down Dean’s pants and underwear.
The omega’s scent has grown stronger, permeating Castiel’s apartment, and the frustration has grown into terrible distress. Castiel is out of bed before he realizes he’s moving, walking through his apartment in quick strides. Being unable to properly satisfy an omega is one thing but allowing them to go unfulfilled to the point of pain is dangerous. Even with the low, low expectations Castiel has for Dean this is beyond the pale.
Fuck that. He’s not gonna give Castiel the satisfaction of wanting him. Especially not when Castiel so obviously doesn’t want him back.
He stays for dinner and then he stays after, helping Dean get Emma to bed. Even once she’s asleep, he stays and does the dishes while Dean throws a load in the laundry.
Dean’s first thought was that there was no way of confusing Cas with a woman. The second was that it didn’t really matter, because Cas was a
Dean shrugged. His eyes were laser focused on his lap, the pizza slice hanging limply in his hand. He put it back down on the cardboard, his appetite gone. “I don’t know. I didn’t expect things to go this way. I didn’t even really know I
Leaving the photos behind was probably a mistake. But Dean wants Cas to know that he’s not creeped out by him having them and, more than that, he wants Cas to keep thinking about him.
… Not a mental image Dean needs right now, standing in the man’s office. But maybe one that can be tucked away for later.
Dean blinks. This is not how it’s supposed to go – the androids follow a very set script and they don’t deviate from it, ever.
“Lovely, but not what I meant.” Cas leaned down, grabbing a fistful of Dean’s hair and forcing him to raise his head. Dean moaned at the sting in his scalp, his cock now fully hard and leaking. “Now,
Somehow, they managed to get themselves naked while hardly separating for air. Dean was pretty sure Cas had torn some buttons off his shirt and there was a good chance he’d wrecked the zipper on Cas’ pants with how hard he’d yanked it, but it was hard to care with miles of glorious skin pressing warm against his own and Cas’ cock leaking against his thigh.
He does so with shaking hands, stilled only once Cas places one of his own on top and gives Dean a patient smile. He’s this calm for a reason, Dean finally realizes.
Most of Castiel’s friends are omegas, actually. There’s a couple of betas in the group as well but only one other alpha, a cheerful dude named Garth who is about as far from a stereotypical knothead as you’re likely to get.
“Jack? Uh, our son who art in heaven? You hearin’ me, buddy? We’re hitting a lot of dead ends here, could really use some help on the Cas-rescue mission. I know you’re busy, y’know, being God and you promised not to mess with us on account of free will but Cas’ whole deal - that happened before all that went down. There’s a loophole there, right? Something to exploit?”
“Oh,” Cas gasped, pressing his forehead against Dean’s shoulder, his movements growing faster and smaller. “
And it was a pretty good ride. Over the next month, most of Dean’s free time seemed to be spent with Cas. They went to pubs, and cafés, and gallery shows. They stayed in, taking turns picking out movies to watch and shows to binge. More often than not, they ended up in bed (and, one very memorable time, the Impala’s back seat).
"I'm not here to shop," Dean says, thrown off by this stranger. But it's been a year since he left, so what did he expect? For everything to stay the same? "I'm here to see Cas."
“Waiting for your soulmate?” Dean guesses. Castiel nods curtly, still not looking his way. “That’s… sweet?”
Huge thanks once again to avyssoseleison for all her read-throughs, advice, and for being a constant pain in my ass about writing more.
Since the wedding and the move, Dean hasn’t left the apartment much. His friends and family are all a hundred miles away, he works from home, and Novak has his maid take care of the grocery shopping and other errands. Novak is always gone in the morning when Dean wakes up and he’s usually not back until shortly before they go to bed in their separate rooms.
The plan was going great. Dean really couldn’t believe how well it was going; his luck would usually have run out by now. He’d had a couple of close calls but with Charlie’s vigilant help he managed to keep tabs on Daphne and avoid ever being in the same room as her.
The library has always way colder than the rest of the school. The librarian claims it's because the heating system is busted, and the school's administrators are too cheap to fix it.
Dean curses him again, but he can’t disguise the quickness of his breath with bravado or pretend those pretty noises tumbling past his lips aren’t there. “Fine,” he says through clenched teeth. “
Oh. Dean feels his cheeks grow warm, not helped when he sees that Cas is also blushing. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out what happened which is good, because Dean is apparently enough of an idiot to let a freaking
Milliken, Colorado is the kind of town where everyone knows everyone. With a population of about four thousand and only three high schools, any newcomers are subject to a lot of scrutiny.
Jealousy flares in Castiel’s chest, so quick and so unexpected that he nearly physically reels from it. Which is ridiculous; Dean is an attractive man, of course there are people who would flirt with him. Besides, he doesn’t exactly look flattered at Crowley’s attention.
He has Sam’s address. He also has a nice car that’s been cooped up in the city for too long and a job he can do from anywhere. There is literally no reason he can’t take off for a few days on a cross-country road trip.
The scent is still there when Castiel gets back home, covering the entire hallway. It is just the slightest bit sour, the frustration more evident than before, and Castiel is torn between pity for the poor omega and satisfaction in the knowledge that Dean is apparently too lousy in bed to please even an omega
“Was that all you told him?” At Dean’s incredulous look, Cas gives him a patient smile. “I’ve found that humans sometimes need these kinds of things spelled out for them. They tend to assume the worst, otherwise.”
Cas ducks his head, looking bashful, and Dean finds himself thinking that’s a good look on him. If he were human, he might even be blushing.
Given that he’s ignoring every other person in his life, it’s strange how quickly it’s become routine to go down to
“No!” Dean cut in, grabbing the front of Cas’ shirt as he made to pull away. “No, I haven’t. We just… never made it official,” he finished lamely. So not only was he a girl, but a teenage girl as well. Great.
The zoo is Emma’s favorite place in the world. Dean’s not crazy about it himself but he’s a sucker for those big blue eyes of hers so they go every week - twice, if Emma’s feeling fussy.
“I was on my way out,” Jamie said, “But I’ll be in town for a couple of days, if you want to hang out."
, so warm and wet, Dean couldn’t decide whether he wanted to push into it or pull away. Then Cas was spearing his tongue, pushing it inside him, and Dean’s brain melted into a puddle.
He looks down at the card in his hands. It’s printed in pristine white, elegant gold letters spelling Castiel’s name, title, and contact information. If Dean tosses it out, Castiel won’t bother him again. Not that Dean has anything to go on but his word, but for some reason that’s enough. He feels like he could tell if Castiel was lying to him.
Novak takes the master suite and Dean moves into the guestroom. Even that is fancier than anything Dean is used to and not for the first time, he wonders why the Novak clan agreed to this deal.
Her voice breaks. Sam squeezes his eyes shut, wraps his arms tight around her shoulders. He doesn’t understand how this is happening. How he isn’t dead too.
Dean nods once, not knowing what else to say. This new somber Cas is freaking him out. "So... I guess I'll see you around?"
Dean just had romantic notions about the android equivalent of a toddler. He’s taken his anger issues out on that toddler twice now. Jesus fucking Christ, Cas has had to deal with Dean’s crap for almost half his life.
Sam bent down, pushing at Dean’s shin until he sighed and sat up, making room for them both on the couch. “Are you this upset about Daphne dumping you?”
Awareness hits like a ton of bricks, Dean’s body landing hard against cold concrete and a warm weight on top of him, pinning him down. He moans in pain, blindly reaching until he gets his hands under him, and can raise his upper body from the ground. He blinks his eyes open, unable at first to take in his surroundings.
The next day, Dean got home from work and Mom was sitting on the couch, waiting for him. He hadn’t been expecting to face her until tomorrow, so the sight of her filled him with unexpected dread. Why the hell would she be here now?
, Dean’s not alone. “I didn’t know who you were when I visited your bar, I promise. Balthazar saw the photos in my desk drawer and I suppose he thought he’d be doing me a favor by making sure we met.”
? Maybe it’s time for Dean to reevaluate the way they come off to people. The last thing he needs is for Emma to get confused about the situation.
Once Castiel is closer he snaps out of it, eyes respectfully raised. Castiel shifts on his feet, wondering whether Dean’s reaction is purely surprise at seeing Castiel so differently dressed or whether it’s something… more.
What the hell was it about Cas? Get a couple of beers in Dean (literally only a couple this time, which was just embarrassing) and he was ready to jump into bed with him and bend over for his dick.
“And I want to thank you,” Mom continued, as if he hadn’t just spoken, “for being honest with me. And I want to learn more. And, uh…”
They go through dinner without anyone mentioning it. Dean makes a point of reaching across the table as many times as he can, showing off the ring glinting on his finger. Cas must notice him doing it, judging by the fond exasperation on his face, but he’s the only one.
Maybe it should feel awkward but Castiel doesn’t feel anything but grateful as he sinks into the soft mattress, tugging Dean close and burying his nose back in the crook of Dean’s neck. He’s always been clingy after sex, something several of his exes have commented on and even made fun of him for, but Dean just grabs his arm and tugs him even closer, wriggling until his back is pressed tight against Castiel’s front.
And when had Cas gotten so close? He was way in Dean’s personal space, distractingly so, with his stubble and way-too blue eyes and undefined smell that was too subtle and heady to be anything but Castiel himself.
Mom snorts, swatting him. “I mean it, kid. I was so worried about you when you got the call about Emma but you’ve handled the situation better than I could have hoped for.”
“You want an omelet?” Dean asks. “I was making this one for myself, but I’ve still got all the ingredients out so I don’t mind...”
They take turns digging, the other standing guard with the crowbar. It's a cold night and digging through frozen ground is slow work. It's a couple of hours before they hit the coffin, and the ghost still hasn't shown up.
Castiel is loud. He’s not shouting or anything but these pained-sounding grunts keep filtering through the bedroom door and into the living room, where Dean is sitting with warm ears and heat rapidly pooling in his crotch. He tries to put headphones in but he’s so hyper-aware of just what it is he’s blocking out, he still can’t focus.
and Cas can obviously spot it from a mile away. He doesn’t say anything, though, and Dean manages not to be a rude piece of shit this time as he orders his coffee.
“I’m sorry.” At long last, Cas actually looks at him, eyes big and sad, and Dean finds himself wishing he hadn’t. “You deserve to know.”
Other Dean cuts him off with a kiss, and suddenly they’re frozen. Dean turns back to Cas, who gives him a wry look.
Then he leaned down, stealing Dean’s breath with another mind-melting kiss. Dean arched into it, moaning in approval. He wasn’t so sure about what was coming next, but this he could get used to. Cas kissed like he was dying of thirst and Dean was a fucking oasis in the desert, with all the desperation and eagerness that implied.
It was a good distraction, because Dean didn’t notice Cas’ hand had moved until it was gripping Dean’s dick and starting to pump it slowly. Dean whined into their kiss, hips unconsciously moving in time with Cas’ hand.
Shaking himself, Castiel realized that Dean was still looking at him, an amused glint in his eyes. Anger suddenly overwhelmed him; he wouldn’t put up with anyone making him doubt his alpha abilities, just because he didn’t fit a narrow stereotype.
He’s never been so helpless before. The Mark was in the ballpark but even that is nothing compared to giving his body entirely over to someone else. The closest Dean’s ever felt to this complete loss of control was in hell, when Alastair’s hand guided his knife. But that’s mostly because it made it easier, pretending that it wasn’t really him doing it.
He raises one hand, bringing it to Dean’s temple. Dean draws in a sharp breath, hit with vertigo as his surroundings change in a flash. They’re back in that motel room in Alamosa, and Dean startles when he sees another Cas standing by one of the beds. He looks over at the Cas next to him, but he’s surveying the scene with a stormy expression.
After an hour, he gives up and goes to the kitchen to prepare something that Castiel can scarf down in between self-abuse sessions. He grabs a couple of water bottles as well and waits until he hears the noises in Castiel’s bedroom die down to knock.
The second day, Cas spends out back tending to his garden while Dean almost dials Sam’s number repeatedly before hanging up, torn between wanting to let his brother know that he’s getting married and not wanting to jinx it.
It’s just hormones, he reminds himself as he opens the door. He takes a step inside and is immediately inundated with alpha pheromones, so strong that his dick is immediately at half-mast and slick starts gushing out.
Straight to the point. Dean admired that about her. Under other circumstances, he might have taken her up on her offer. “I’m kinda seeing somebody.”
Sam really doesn't like the attention, but the people are nice enough. Dad isn't with them, which is even better, and they're staying in some apartment a friend of his owns (well, Dad said friend, but Sam suspects it's just a fellow hunter. Dad doesn't really have friends). All in all, it's a nice set-up, even if the kids at school tend to stare at Sam like he's the most interesting thing to happen to them in years. Which, for all he knows, could be true.
Cas joins them for dinner. It's a little weird at first, especially when Dean explains that Cas owns the bookstore, which makes him Dean's boss.
Cas’ answer is quick and the fervor of it catches Dean off guard. He’s looking at Dean now, holding his gaze despite the redness still staining his cheeks, and Dean finds his heart beating faster at the intensity of it.
Cas didn’t seem to have sensitive nipples, but judging from the low keen that escaped him and the way his hips buckled he liked it when Dean sucked on the skin just below his stomach. Dean filed that spot away in his mind, along with the spots above Cas’ collarbone and behind his ear. Not that he’d need that information for later but hey, it never hurt to be prepared.
Cas just raised his eyebrows at him, which, fair enough. The stench of burnt meatloaf was still lingering around the apartment and Dean was pretty sure he hadn’t looked Cas straight in the eye once this entire evening.
But like hell was Dean gonna give up now. In response, he sunk down on Cas’ cock in one, smooth movement, not stopping until Cas was balls-deep in him. He had to pause again, breath catching in his chest. Maybe he’d been a little ambitious. He felt full to the point of bursting, Cas’ cock feeling fucking
Dean shrugged. “It’s Cas,” he said, as if that were all the explanation needed. Hell, it kind of was.
Cas hummed, taking his hands off Dean’s body entirely as he opened the lube, but still standing close enough so that Dean could grind back on his crotch. Which he did, despite (or maybe because) of the way his skin burned at the friction.
Dean is relieved to fall back into the same routine with Cas. Things are a little awkward his first couple of visits to
There wasn’t much talking after that. Cas made quick work of fingering him this time around, like he couldn’t wait to get his dick inside Dean, and as much as Dean liked to take his time with foreplay there was also something extremely hot about Cas being so eager to fuck him he couldn't be bothered with more than the most rudimentary preparation.
They settle down in the war room once it’s all over. Once Dean and Cas have been put through the tests, once all the hugs and explanations have been exchanged, once Miracle has gotten the chance to give Dean his own slobbery welcome and Cas a wary hello.
it in some miraculous way. Dean bit down on his lips as he came without even a hand on his dick, pleasure washing through his body in waves.
Dean coughs, focusing again on the conversation at hand. “You must spend half your time looking at gay porn. You can’t tell me these are anything special.”
Cas cocked his head. He tended to do that when listening intently, Dean had noticed. If Dean thought that kind of thing about other grown men, he’d call it adorable.
He took Cas’ fingers in deep, mirroring the action with his hand on Cas’ cock and feeling it twitch in his grip.
He felt a little bad about lying, but he probably would have felt even worse at seeing any sort of disappointment on Cas’ face. Better to leave this on a benevolent lie.
He sips his coffee as soon as he’s outside, too much and too fast, burning his tongue. It kind of feels like karma.
“Yes, I suppose we shouldn’t interrupt you any longer,” Daphne said. “We were on our way out, anyway.”
Dean’s breath catches in his throat. It’s ridiculous; he has sex for a living but just having Castiel in his personal space, not even touching him yet, has him dizzy with want.
Sam's heart starts beating faster before he even realizes who called his name. He turns around and there she is: Maggie Barton, in a tight red dress, her dark curls bouncing with every step. She's smiling at him, looks so happy to see him, and Sam can't breathe. She really is the most beautiful girl he's ever seen.
He gets up, pulls Dean into a crushing hug. Dean hugs him back, tight, then pats his back. “C’mon, you big girl, don’t keep your girlfriend waiting.”
He walked into the room, holding his hand out for the two of them to shake. Sam and Eileen both looked a little perplexed by his stiff mannerisms, and Dean could hardly keep the fond smile off his lips. God, his boyfriend was such a dork.
As he's approaching the living room, a strange, vaguely familiar smell hits Sam. It takes him a couple of moments to realize where he's smelled it before - the bookstore Dean works at.
Dean flinches at the pain in Castiel’s voice. “’Course not. Not to sound like a cliché but it’s not you, it’s me.”
It’s overwhelming. A searing hot pain lancing through him, pooling at his back and spilling outwards. It’s agonizing, and Dean can’t. He can’t breathe, can’t draw it in, it hurts, it hurts,
“You’re making yourself sick,” Dean shoots back. “How have you gotten through more than a couple of ruts if they’re always this bad?”
Dean shifts, guilt squirming in his gut. He should’ve found another way to Cas out, he knows, some way to get
“Of course,” Cas said. “That was only one way to have sex, we have countless others to go through if we want this to be a fair competition. I also maintain that stamina is an utterly arbitrary criteria to judge-”
The ride into town is quiet. Cas plays his mixtape - the damn thing should be worn out by now and Dean should long since be sick of it but for reasons too sappy to mention he isn’t - and they sit and listen in comfortable silence. It’s not until they pass the town hall on their way to the supermarket that Cas gets a contemplative look on his face.
It’s a lot of change in a short amount of time, especially considering he doesn’t know of Emma’s existence until he gets the call from the hospital. He’s responsible for a whole ass person now - a tiny, fragile person who won’t stop crying and who screams bloody murder whenever Dean tries to put her in a car seat.
Cas gets to work and Dean leans against the counter while he waits, watching. It still freaks him out a little, seeing the way Cas moves. There’s nothing off about it that Dean can put his finger on; maybe it’s that those movements are just a bit too smooth, not so much practiced as predetermined by some program.
“Please, call me,” Castiel pleads. “Give me a chance to change your mind. If you don’t believe I’m serious about this then you can loose my number and I won’t bother you again.”
"What, you mean the one that closed when we were kids?" Dean asks through a mouthful of burger. He can vaguely remember sitting in his mom's lap in the front seat, watching some old cartoon. Bugs Bunny, he thinks.
“Except Dr. Sexy,” Dean allowed, because he was way past the point of denying that one. “Anyway, this thing with Cas is just… temporary insanity or something.”
She disappears into the backroom, leaving Dean standing awkwardly by himself in the middle of the store. A couple of moments later she's back, with Cas trailing behind her.
Emma slides down, stumbling as she lands but managing to stay on her feet. She shrieks in delight, running back around to the steps to go again.
A couple of hours and three more beers in, Dean had completely forgotten why he’d come to the Roadhouse in the first place. Cas was
Two hours later, the beef stew was fully cooked, the apartment filled with a heady aroma. Dean had finished his beer a while ago and had been on his way to grab another, when Cas pinned him against the counter next to the stove and offered a better way to calm him down.
From the corner of his eye, he could see Cas tilting his head. “You seemed sure enough when we met.”
He kept sucking until Cas went soft (hey, if you’re already swallowing come, might as well make sure none of it gets in the sheets). Then he pulled back with a soft pop, looking uncertainly back up at Cas.
Dean had to take it back. He couldn’t disappoint Cas like that just to cover his own ass. He couldn't be that selfish.
Sam rolls his eyes. “Very funny, Dean. I’ve seen what you’re doing now, it’s not gonna work anymore.”
Castiel straightens, jaw clenching when he realizes that the music is coming from the apartment next to his. He throws the paintbrush on the palette, storming out of his apartment and across the hall. He rings the bell a few times, knocking for good measure.
He watches as Cas lets him do it all, even knowing that he’s under a spell. He stops after one kiss this time, knocking Dean out with a finger to his forehead and placing him gently down on the bed.
Castiel doesn’t say anything. He looks uncomfortable and it occurs to Dean that him being an android isn’t the problem; it’s the fact that he doesn’t really behave like one. He’s personable in the way the rest of them aren’t, a little too intense for comfort.
Maybe it was a good thing Cas had refused the blowjob, because Dean’s jaw ached slightly just looking at it.
Cas goes willingly, drawing in a shuddered gasp as their lips meet. Dean doesn’t have the energy to do much more than softly press his lips against Cas’, and even though the kiss is short his lungs still burn when they part.
He’s just finished that thought when Cas palms his cheek and pulls him in for a sloppy kiss. It’s nothing like when he kissed Dean in their kitchen, short and sweet. Cas’ tongue is licking the seam of Dean’s mouth and Dean is pretty sure that’s a
“Right.” Cas swallowed. “And Meg was helping me put together a list of invitations to send out and she brought to my attention that you might… object to some of the guests.”
From the corner of his eye, he can see Cas reach the coffee machine and pour himself a cup. He doesn’t drink from it yet, just holds it between both hands and smells it.
He was also kind of scruffy, with his beard just past a five o’clock shadow and his flasher trenchcoat looking a size too big. His tie was also turned backwards, and Dean’s fingers itched to reach out and fix it.
“She said your name, yeah.” Dean ducked his head. His cheeks were already warm with embarrassment over what he was about to say. “So my ego was kind of bruised and for some reason I decided the best thing to do was to look you up and… I don’t know, prove to myself somehow that you weren’t better than me.”
Cas flushed, looking pleased at the attention. Dean was kind of new to the PDA thing, at least with men, but if it made Cas look like that every time then he could live with it.
that was never a part of it. The second and maybe third time we slept together, yeah, I was still thinking of it in term of some stupid competition that only existed in my head but everything – the dates, all the stuff that came after, that was just us. I do love you. Even if I have a fucked up way of showing it sometimes.”
He kept jerking the part of Cas’ dick he couldn’t quite wrap his lips around, the other hand reaching between Cas’ legs to play with his balls. Dean felt them twitch in his grip, heard Cas gasp breathlessly, and that was all the warning before Cas was coming, seed spurting from his dick and into Dean’s mouth. Dean swallowed on instinct, the bitter taste overwhelming his taste buds.
, his voice had gone low and impossibly rougher than normal. It made Dean’s cock ache, still lying untouched between them. “But you’ll take anything I give you, won’t you Dean? So good for me, always wanting to please me.”
Dean opened his mouth to respond and Cas picked that moment to grab him by both hips and slam inside him, setting a merciless pace immediately. Dean moaned at
Cas’ rut lasts for three more days. Hael comes back in the middle of it and leaves right away again, sending Cas a pointed text reminding him to let her know the next time she needs to extend her leave.
Still, Sam knows better than to get attached. It's only a matter of time before they're on the road again.
Castiel expected a similar relationship with his new neighbor: amicable but distant. He wasn’t expecting it to affect his life at all.
Novak is staring at him, so Dean snaps his mouth shut. He didn’t mean to say all that but he’s frustrated and tired, now that the adrenaline is wearing off.
An aneurysm, Dean stupidly wants to reply. That was the official story, anyway. Just an unfortunate coincidence that it happened to Jimmy while he was by himself, that he wasn't found until minutes after he collapsed, when it was already too late.
Things hadn’t ended well with Lisa. It wasn’t even that Dean had become afraid of commitment or whatever bullshit he’d told his family to explain away the grizzly implosion of that relationship. Dean would probably feel less awful about himself if that were the case.
At the mention of their last meeting, Cas stiffens. He doesn’t say anything and Dean’s not sure if that’s a good sign. It at least means that he can keep making an idiot of himself until Cas sees it fit to stop him.
Dean reached between them, running his hand up Cas’ leg, digging his nails in ever so slightly as he dragged them up his inner thigh. Cas groaned, letting his legs fall open on what seemed like instinct, giving Dean perfect access to his cock.
Dean whined. He wanted that too, wanted to choke on Cas’ dick, just wanted more than his fingers inside him already.
He'd apologize to Charlie tomorrow. Right now, he just needed to sit and catch his breath and wait for Cas to come find him and break up with him.
Before Sam has the chance to wonder why their apartment smells like Cas' bookstore, he spots Dean and Cas on the couch. They're both topless for some reason, and Cas is smoking. Not a cigarette, Sam realizes with a start, but a joint.
There is also the longing to barge into Dean’s apartment and show the omega just how much better he could take care of them. But Castiel is a civilized alpha, unlike some. In any case, he’s sure the omega’s heat will have passed soon enough.
Cas smiled, expression unbearably soft, leaning his butt against the table and wrapping both hands around Dean’s lower back. “I liked them.”
Cas was fucking him like he’d finally lost control, hard and fast and deep, groaning and panting. Their moans joined the sound of skin slapping against skin and the filthy sound of Cas’ dick plunging in and out of Dean.
Dean held up his hand, heart jumping in his chest. “Back the fuck up. Who said anything about Cas being the man of my dreams? I don’t
“Not officially,” Crowley says. “But it was Adler, obviously. The bloody bastard even bragged about it to my face, though he knew better than to say anything outright incriminating.”
She's waiting there now, and the way she looks at Sam almost has him tripping over his own feet. He manages to right himself at the last moment and he can feel himself blushing. Why can't he be more like Dean when it comes to girls?
Dean smiles back, ignoring the odd warmth in his chest. Castiel has a nice smile, that’s all. It doesn't mean anything.
‘Enjoyable’ was putting it mildly, Dean thought. ‘Mind-blowing’ might fit better. It had been so good, he hadn’t even realized while it was happening that it had
“Well, tough titties,” Dean mutters, looking around. With no way of knowing where Cas might be, he picks a direction at random.
Before Dean could respond, Cas had flipped their positions, pressing Dean against the table’s edge. Dean’s stomach flipped at the unexpected shift, dick stirring to life in his boxers.
“I just get what it’s like now,” he finishes. His voice has gone hoarse. He doesn’t want to be here anymore but he doesn’t know how to leave without making Cas feel even worse about the whole shitty situation.
Dean enters again, Cas looks ready for him this time. He still lets Dean kiss him, lets him tell him he loves him before knocking him out again.
The conversation with Mom is all but forgotten a few months later. Dean is working late, so Cas offers to picks Emma up from pre-school. They’re both kneeling around the coffee table in the living room when Dean comes home, drawing with crayons on the blank pages of Emma’s coloring book.
Cas is quiet for a long moment. Dean sniffles, then takes a few deep breaths to get himself back under control. He hasn’t cried since Cain’s funeral, he’s sure as hell not gonna do it now.
Dean feels ten different kinds of warm and fuzzy at the sight of them and he can’t help but smile. Cas looks up, finally noticing him, and answers with a gummy smile of his own.
Even though he’s sitting down, Castiel can’t help but feel wary as he enters the office and approaches Crowley, like a prey animal circling a predator.
The Roadhouse wasn’t exactly a romantic spot but it was the place where they’d first met through some ill-advised stalking, nosy friends and a lot of liquid courage. Besides, it was their first anniversary, and Dean wanted something special, not some generically romantic restaurant.
“Why didn’t you ever hook up with her?” The question tastes bitter on Dean’s tongue and he’s not sure why. “Can’t tell me it’d be a sin, it’s not fornication if you’re married.”
He’s used to wielding his body like a tool. To hunt. To save people. To make money in whatever way an unskilled seventeen year old with no parental supervision could.
“First of all,” she said, “I just want you to know that I love you very much. I will always be your mom, and you will always be my child, and nothing changes that.”
"Don't be like that, baby." Cas' voice sounds tinny through the phone, uncomfortably distant, but Dean can still picture him with perfect clarity: leaning on his elbows against the counter in his bookstore, joint hanging out of the corner of his mouth, hair probably a mess. He's also
“You wanna keep seeing me exclusively?” he repeated, feeling like a massive girl. But fuck it, if being a massive girl would keep him from stewing in uncertainties and doubt, then slap a bow on him and call him Deanna.
Dean fidgets in his seat, tries not to dwell on how familiar those words sound. "Well, don't. I'll be fine."
Dean glares at him. Then he looks away and instead of snapping at Sam again, says, "I don't know. Maybe."
“Hey, I’m right here.” Sam’s peering up at him - must be crouching, the tall bastard - hands still cupping Dean’s face. “I’m not going anywhere, I’m not-”
Cas smiles, hugging the pad to his chest. “Thank you. It isn’t easy, writing from personal experience when you have so little of it.”
"I don't wanna talk about it," Dean mumbles. He feels like he should be more pissed at himself than he is - normally, he wouldn't even need to study for a math test to get a passing grade. But he just feels tired.
Castiel picks up his pace, heat building in his gut. He reaches underneath Dean with his free hand, grabs his cock again and starts stroking in time with his thrusts. Dean whines plaintively, too lost in the heat to hold those noises back now. Castiel’s knot is growing, catching on Dean’s rim as he fucks him hard and ruthless.
He does leave a tip, more out of principle than because he wants to reward Dean in any way. As soon as they’re out of earshot, Meg pulls on his arm.
He digs into his meal with fervor, ignoring the slightly disgusted look Jimmy shoots him. He knew what he was signing up for when he became friends with Dean.
Dean squawked as he was tackled, landing on his back on the couch with Cas on top of him. Cas leaned down, nipping at his earlobe.
The alarm rings and it takes a moment for Dean to orient himself. He sits up, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand as he blearily takes in the room. They’re in a motel just outside of Alamosa, on their way back home after working a case. Sam’s sleeping in the next bed over and Cas…
Dean takes it, hesitating as the guilt squirms in his gut. He’s come to the uncomfortable realization that if Castiel were human, he wouldn’t have hesitated to apologize for his rudeness. It doesn’t seem right not to, just because of that.
Dean opens his mouth to deny it. Closes it again, because he really can’t. “I was in shock. I wanted to.”
He sounds so pained. Probably not as big a fan of Dean’s smell as Dean is of his. Dean quietly puts the tray of food and the water bottles on the floor and leaves, shame burning in the back of his throat.
She pulls back. Smiles up at him, eyes shining with unshed tears. “Because that’s what Dean would have wanted for you.”
It being early morning – still night, really – means that Dean is once again the only customer in the shop. There’s also just one android behind the counter this time and unfortunately, it’s just the one Dean didn’t want to see.
It’s bright blue and Dean is pretty sure Cas is getting it all over his feet but he can’t be bothered to care. It feels kind of nice, Cas’ hands brushing against his skin as he carefully applies the polish. Like being taken care of.
“I may be a vicious bastard but I’m here to help.” Crowley grins. “Besides, I quite enjoy cracking the whip on you.”
Mind made up, Dean pulled up Cas’ number as soon as he got off work on Friday and shot him a quick message.
Being interested in a widower is a new experience but still in keeping with the trend of Castiel wanting what he can’t have. A trend he was sure he’d grown out of until he met Dean.
He looks down at his hands, sees the fishing rod. The pier below him is simple, rustic wood but sturdy. He’s sitting in a fold-away chair and next to him.
Dean got up on his elbows, struck with the terrible possibility that Cas had changed his mind and that his whole plan was about to go out the window. “Just ask.”
“No!” Dean blurted, before he could think twice. Both Cas and the waitress looked at him, eyebrows raised, and he could feel himself blushing under their attention. “I mean, it’s okay. I like cake, too.”
There were a couple of close calls, but overall it was smooth sailing. Cas didn’t seem to have noticed anything except Dean being slightly jumpier than usual, but he probably chalked it up to Dean being nervous surrounded mostly by strangers. Which, in any other case, might have even been true.
Drawing a deep breath, Dean leaned forward and took the head of Cas’ dick in his mouth. It was warm and weirdly spongy, and the taste of precum was bitter on Dean’s tongue. It didn’t taste that different from Dean’s own come, which
Cas shot them both disapproving glances but he knew better than to get in the middle of it. Being prickly assholes to each other was just how Dean and Meg showed affection. At least, Dean hoped that was the case and his boyfriend’s best friend didn’t just secretly hate him.
“Gross?” Dean repeats with mock-outrage. “What about one man’s love for another man’s body parts is ‘gross’ to you exactly, Sam?”
Cas ignored him, pushing one finger inside up to the second knuckle. It hurt a bit – spit was hardly any substitution for actual lube – but the sting just made Dean even more desperate for it.
“The only way you could ever disappoint me,” Mom said, “is if you start rooting for the Washington Redskins.”
When Dean got dressed and ready to leave half an hour later, he almost felt sorry to be leaving Cas behind. Probably because he hadn’t been able to prove Daphne wrong.
"It's lovely to see you too," Meg drawls. "It's been so long. How are the kids?" Dean shoots her an unimpressed look and she rolls her eyes. "Relax. I just came by to see how you're doing."
“And you’re just gonna, what, look at him really, really hard until he makes the first move and hope that works?”
Dean is expecting some tears on Emma’s first day of pre-school. If not from her, then from himself. Surprisingly, they both handle it well. Emma stumbles off without saying goodbye when she spots a slide on the playground and although Dean gets a little misty-eyed, he keeps it together.
Instead, what did it was Cas raising his hand a smacking his ass again, right as he plunged his tongue inside Dean’s hole and
Dean winces, thinking of Cas’ one sexual experience so far. Yeah, he wouldn’t be eager to talk about that either.
He’s about to apologize when a noise catches his attention. It’s a muffled groan, low but unmistakable, and Dean turns his attention back to the scene unfolding before them in shock as the other Cas starts kissing other Dean back, grabbing his jacket and hauling him in even closer.
She's sometimes waiting by his locker when Sam gets there, but that doesn't have to mean anything either. Her locker is almost right next to his.
“I’m a married man now,” Castiel says, somehow managing to sound sardonic through the door. “I can’t be seen accepting help from omegas who aren’t my mate.”
He's finished one bottle out of two by the time he gets to Maggie Barton's, an hour late because he spent way too long deciding what to wear (and screw Dean, guys think about that stuff, too. Especially when they have a shot at someone like Maggie Barton).
Dean gets off with a warning. He heads straight home, just wanting to let this whole miserable night wash off him in the shower and then crawl into bed. It’s a good thing he doesn’t have anyone around who cares, otherwise he’d have to explain the bruise quickly forming above his cheekbone.
Cas cast his eyes downward, looking for a moment as awkward and stiff as when he’d first approached Dean. “I… didn’t have much support from the church when I came out as homosexual. I severed most of my contacts with it after that. The only person I still talk to was my fiancée at the time, Daphne. She was understanding, much more than could be expected of a person in that situation.”
Cas doesn't answer. He lets go of Dean's shirt, leans down to pick up the books that fell on the floor. "I'm going to Oak Hill Cemetery at midnight tomorrow." He straightens, hands the books to Dean, who accepts them thoughtlessly, too confused to protest. "You can meet me by the north gate if you want to help."
He doesn’t give him time to adjust either, just starts fucking him hard and steady. Dean pushes against him so Castiel tightens his grip, holding him in place as he pistons inside him, relishing in the way it makes Dean curse hoarsely. He leans over and traces his mouth against the back of Dean’s neck, that place where the damp root of his hair fades into sensitive skin. Dean arches against him, straining against Castiel’s hold and moans when Castiel bites down, hard enough to leave a mark but not to break skin.
her,” Charlie repeats, “and she said she knew I had no reason to believe her but she’s actually planning on sticking around for good this time.”
Dean doesn’t mind. He very, very much doesn’t mind, especially with the way Cas’ hand cups the back of his neck, thumb rubbing the sensitive skin behind his ear before he leans in, kissing Dean with gentle pressure and precision. Or the way he licks the seams of his lips until he opens them, turning the kiss a little filthy and sending bolts of heat dancing down to Dean’s gut.
Cas’ hands loosened their grip on Dean’s shoulder and hips and then he was straightening and pulling out of him, dick already softening. Dean didn’t have much time to get disappointed, however, because then Cas was grabbing his cheeks, spreading them and licking over Dean’s hole.
“We’ve been here thirty-two days,” Cas says, as if that makes any kind of sense. Dean wracks his brain but nope, all he can remember is arriving in town late last night and heading straight for the motel.
Cas’ cock twitched against his hand, reminding Dean of his mission, and he resumed, closing his fingers over just the head and rubbing his thumb over the slit. Cas keened against  Dean’s skin, hips twitching into Dean’s hand.
Dean nods back, grasping the book tight to his side and turning to leave. He hears Balthazar say something as he walks away but then the doors to the office close behind him.
“That’s the thing,” Daphne sighed. “It’s not even working as a rebound. I can’t stop thinking about Castiel.”
Dean looks back down at the photos. Wasn’t he thinking just the other day that he’d like to get his hands on them again? He wasn’t ashamed thinking of them then, has never really been in the past. He modeled for Cain because it paid well and because he enjoyed it. Why should he be ashamed of that?
“I didn’t mean to.” It might hurt to hear Cas say that, except his hand is still on Dean’s back, warm and comforting. “I just... wanted to. I had a moment of weakness and my desire overran my mental faculties.”
Should he…? It’s a complete coincidence he’s here, after all. Castiel can’t be faulted if he needs to step inside for a glass of water or to use the bathroom, can he?
That last detail caught his attention, and Dean’s eyes snapped open as memories started flooding in. Stalking Daphne’s ex on Facebook and then in real life. Going home from the bar with him.
Dean snorted. He looked down at Mom’s hand, still clasping his softly, and back up to her eyes, which were now watching him with obvious fondness. “You’re not disappointed? I know you wanted another daughter-in-law.”
Cas looks up from where he’s working the espresso machine and smiles at Dean. “Hello, Dean. You’re later than usual.”
"Fine," Sam says, caving. It isn't even that he doesn't want to drink, so much as he feels inappropriate to be talking about it in front of Dean's boss. "Just a couple of beers, though."
“Your friends anything like you?” Dean asks before he stop himself. He regrets it as soon as he’s said it; Novak is being nice to him for once and doesn't deserve to get snarked at for his efforts. “Sorry.”
He doesn’t nod. Just takes Eileen’s hand, lets her lead him out of the room. They shut the door behind them and Sam knows it won’t be opened again.
Jody and Donna offer their congratulations before the conversation can get awkward, and Kaia, Alex, and Patience chime in with theirs as well. Jack looks confused at the whole proceeding, finally asking whether this means there won’t be any bouquet to catch, which only means Dean has gravely failed him in his pop culture education (oh, who’s he kidding, as if half the romcoms Jack has watched didn’t come directly from the recommended tab on Dean’s Netflix account).
night Cas asks Dean to teach him pool. They’re about three beers in, Dean pleasantly tipsy and Cas tilting over into full-on drunk. He’d probably be better at the game if he were sober but as is, Dean is wiping the floor with him.
Dean stays at the library after school, mostly out of a lingering sense of guilt. He tries to work on his essay, but it becomes apparent after a while that he's not going to get any work done. There's something about this place that makes him unable to focus. He keeps seeing movement in the corner of his eye, but when he looks there's nothing there.
"You're not the only one who can see him," Cas says dryly. His expression is as blank as ever, betraying nothing.
“I think I’d be angrier with you if you hadn’t been lying to him about something so ridiculous,” she finally said. “But you did still lie to him. Castiel deserves better.”
Emma’s new teacher walks up to him. “This is nothing unusual,” she says, gesturing at Cas’ retreating back. “But Emma is adjusting remarkably well.”
Cas straightens and shoots him a wry smile. “Is that why you put that bow in her hair? Or is it because of that woman who told you how handsome your son is?”
Dean huffs, leaning back against the bar. Okay, so maybe he does wanna talk about it. “I don’t know what happened. It was going great and then as soon as I hit on him a little more obviously, he shut down. He didn’t even really turn me down, he just left.”
Okay, so Dean probably should have cancelled this date. He’d planned on it, and on avoiding Cas until he got his head on straight (so to speak). But even thinking about it had made his stupid heart ache and he hadn’t found it in him to pick up the phone and call Cas before he came over.
“What?” Dean blinks. Since the whole Chuck thing went down, Sam and Eileen have been handling the few hunts that have come their way. Dean hasn’t left the bunker for more than a grocery run in weeks, and Sam knows that.
Dean doesn’t call Sam. Whatever conversation they need to have feels too important to have over the phone.
Castiel groans. It’s not the aroused, pained groans he’s been making this past day and a half. This is a more familiar groan, one utterly exasperated with Dean. “You definitely don’t. You must know how attractive you are.”
Cas bit down in response, and Dean could swear he felt the bastard smile when he moaned. He definitely didn’t mind the bit of rough treatment, especially not when Cas followed that up with laving his tongue over his nipple to soothe the sting.
“I bought a new kind of beans,” Dean says. “They’re supposed to taste smoother and more robust, whatever that means.”
“Unpleasant?” Dean repeats. He gets up on his elbows, sparing a glance at his toes - a whole mess of blue, Picasso would be so proud - before looking back at Cas. “Dude. You sure you weren’t just bad at it?”
It didn’t take much to understand what was on his mind, even for a clueless idiot like Dean. Now was the time to make an excuse and bolt. Except…
So Cas was drunk. He was drunk and horny, and Dean was right there. There’s no other explanation for what happened, because he still
Dean glares at Cas, who’s in the seat next to him. He’s been taking the bus with them ever since Dean brought Emma home, and although Dean is grateful for the company that doesn’t mean he’s gonna put up with unsolicited criticisms.
That last part was said with a pointed look at Dean, who had, in fact, not told them anything about Cas other than his gender.
Sam lets out a weak laugh, recognizing his own words used against him. She has no way of knowing, of course, but doesn’t that mean something? That what he was asking of Dean, is now being asked of himself.
“Damn straight,” Dean muttered, bending down to kiss Cas, raising his hips to allow him room to maneuver.
“You would know about teasing,” Cas muttered, bending his head to speak directly into Dean’s ear, warm puffs of air hitting Dean’s skin as he continued. “Sucking on my fingers so hungrily, making me wish I could replace them with my cock and fuck your mouth until you milk me dry.”
Dean stepped closer, and Castiel’s first thought was that it was a shame about his scent. It smelled artificial; Dean had clearly doused himself in enhancers in order to smell more alpha. Castiel had known a few alphas who did that throughout the years and they were without exception aggressive and overcompensating.
Dean hates staying in the same place for too long, says it makes him feel claustrophobic, and he hates it when Dad leaves them to go hunt on his own even more. He never says so to Dad, of course, because that would mean arguing or talking back and Dean never does that. They've only been here a month, Sam thinks sullenly, and they're already leaving. At this rate, he won't graduate high school until he's thirty.
Dean could only nod, watching stupefied as Cas walked away, lips still tingling and mind still spinning.
The woman cranes her neck, peering curiously around Dean at Cas. "Which one of you is her real dad?”
The tall brunet – who Castiel would later learn was Dean’s brother – came back out of the apartment and demanded that Dean get back to moving.
"I've been avoiding him," Cas admits quietly. "That's why I'm always here. He won't come here. He's afraid of the other spirit."
“Don’t forget,” Crowley continues, “I’ve been your advisor for three years. I know this song by now, this vicious cycle of missed deadlines you get yourself into. Avoiding me will only exacerbate it, love.”
Cas looks at him, eyes wide and begging him to understand. “Dean, I – you don’t want me to go with you.”
“They’re still in the honeymoon period,” Eileen told Sam wisely, going in for a brief hug from Dean. As she stepped away, she flicked Dean’s collar back into its proper position with a wink. “Don’t act like we weren’t just as obnoxious.”
Meg looked like she wanted to protest, but Charlie paled and grabbed her hand, dragging her out into the hallway. Once they were past the threshold, she turned to Dean.
It's weird, because as much as they've talked (and they've talked a lot, much more than Dean expected when he first called Cas three days after they left Milliken) they've never really acknowledged the distance between them. It's just there, the big honking elephant in the room.
For a long moment, they just stare at each other. Dean is vaguely aware that he’s causing a scene right now but it doesn’t matter.
. Dean brings him food several times and Castiel looks more haggard each time, the bags underneath his eyes growing and his skin turning paler.
“Yes, I’m-” Cas clears his throat and Dean pretends not to notice when he wipes away a tear. “I’m fine.”
Cas rolled his eyes but then he was leaning down, kissing Dean’s lips softly. “It won’t work a second time,” he warned as they parted.
“He was the first man I, uh,” he shrugs “y’know. We hadn’t even known each other a month when he took these but…”
? As in the Roadhouse? Did Castiel and this Meg chick frequent it? Had to, if they knew Ellen’s name.
A couple of days before Cas’ birthday, Dean cobbled together something resembling a plan. His first instinct had been to feign an illness but he’d always sucked at that – too used to powering through and pretending to be fine when he actually
“What’s it to you?” Dean snaps, off-kilter and embarrassed. Apparently, he looks so pathetic now that even unfeeling robots are taking notice. “Just gimme my coffee.”
And, as Dean was starkly reminded when his phone buzzed, he couldn’t be putting his guard down by getting involved in conversation anyway.
Dean crossed the room, sitting on the couch next to Cas. Still not touching him, even though he desperately wanted the reassurance of Cas’ hand in his.
“I was waiting for you to say something.” Dean laughs breathlessly. “Christ, we are really a couple of dumbasses.”
While Cas was busy with the bottle of lube, Dean reached down and with only slight hesitation, grabbed Cas’ dick. Cas faltered, groaning when Dean tightened his grip, running his thumb over the head of Cas’ dick.
“I don’t like talking about it.” Dean leans on his elbow. If he’s being mopey, he’s got reason to be. “I haven’t seen Sam since he went off to college.”
“How do you want me?” Dean asked as they finally parted for air, not even realizing the way it sounded until he’d said it.
“Don’t listen to him, Em,” Dean tells his daughter, taking her unoccupied hand and kissing it. “You’re the cutest little girl in the world.”
"I don't want you to leave." That much is true. "I just... I'm sick of everyone butting in. I'm sick of people telling me that they're worried about me."
“Yes.” Castiel glances down at himself. Did Dean notice the pit stains on his t-shirt? How red his skin has turned with the combination of the chill and physical exertion? “I - I was. Running, that is.” He wasn’t this bad the last time he spoke to Dean, was he? This is why he needs time to mentally prepare. “I was passing by and I saw your car outside…”
It wasn't anything like last time, when Cas had seemed in control of himself the entire time. It felt almost mindless, like Cas was past anything but chasing his own pleasure, using Dean's body to get it, and it shouldn't have been so hot but it
Dean slammed the door in her face. He locked it, the feeling of hollow satisfaction already fading fast, leaving him just sick and guilty. Wasn't enough that he'd lied to Cas, now he also had to take it out on Charlie when he rightly saw some consequences for his actions.
Dean swallowed, dick throbbing in his boxers. Riding Cas had been a new experience to say the least but he’d still been technically on top. This felt
It’s confusing. When Novak agreed to this deal, Dean was sure he’d try and mount him the very first night, but so far he’s kept his hands to himself. Maybe it isn’t about having an omega for him so much as people knowing he has one. He does seem disgusted by the thought of touching him. Maybe he’s one of those people who think omegas are freaks of nature.
It’s not a happy ending, Dean knows. It’s so much better. It’s a happy here and now, the future stretching before them unknown, filled with endless possibilities.
Dean shakes his head. “It wasn’t anything personal. I was just having a really bad day. You didn’t deserve to have your head bitten off for asking a question.”
Castiel grinds his teeth. He has been called ‘fruity’ before but not since middle school. Arguing with Dean like this is so far below his dignity but he also can’t let him win.
Cas pauses his movements. Dean thinks he might have offended him so he raises his head, craning his neck to get a proper look at his face, but Cas doesn’t looks pissed, just deep in thought.
Some animal sound escaped Dean’s lips, heat running through him like lightning and pooling low in his gut. Cas’ tongue felt so
“Nothing,” she says. She clears her throat, pats Dean’s chest. “I’m just… really happy for you, sweetie.”
He doesn't sound bitter about that at all. Something about it doesn't add up to Sam, but he decides not to dwell on it. Maybe there's some girl he's trying to hook up with, or maybe he's making enough money at his job that he doesn't mind the extra couple of weeks. So Dean's not bitching about them being stuck somewhere. That's a good thing.
He trails off. The word's clearly too much for him, and Dean can't blame him. "I don't think so. You haven't talked to him?"
He reaches into his pocket, pulling out his wallet and plucking out a business card, which he hands to Dean. It reads, ‘Castiel Novak, development director’. Where, it doesn’t say, but it confirms what Dean already knew. Castiel is way too good for him.
“I’m sorry,” she’s saying, lips right against his ears, and she’s hugging him. When did she start hugging him? “I’m so, so sorry.”
Without breaking eye-contact with Dean, Cas reaches behind him and loosens his apron strings. “I quit.”
Dean's voice grows progressively louder, until he's shouting, and now no one is averting their eyes. They're all staring shamelessly, but Dean can only see Jimmy, who has gone wide-eyed and pale-faced. He's never looked more like a corpse, Dean thinks with a morbid sort of satisfaction.
“I don’t know what I expected,” she continued. “Maybe if it had only been about sex…” she paused, glancing around the room. Dean ducked out of view, just in time. When Daphne spoke again, her voice was lowered, “But even then, I don’t think it would have worked. Between you and me, he’s not as good at it as Castiel was.”
Cas thrust his finger inside Dean, twisting it around, the drag of it uncomfortable but only making Dean crave
Dean swallowed his bite, looking up. It took him a second to place the pretty blonde in front of him. “Jamie?”
“But you don’t need to.” Keith steps closer to him, crowding against Dean. He puts his hand on Dean’s waist.
At least Dean isn’t alone in having had an off weekend. Charlie returns to work on Monday afternoon after leaving with Dorothy on Friday, looking considerably less chipper than usual.
Dean considers bringing it up with Cas but it’s just too awkward and in the end, very little reevaluating is done. Dean likes that they’re close, even if they’re never as close as he actually wants. He doesn’t wanna lose any part of what he and Cas have, doesn’t want anything to change between them.
They leave Milliken two weeks later. Maggie cries when Sam tells her, but she doesn't offer her phone number so they can keep in touch, and Sam doesn't ask. Attempting a long-distance relationship at sixteen probably isn't a good idea.
!” Dean crouches down, feeling like his skin is tightening all around him, squeezing down his organs. “Cas, please! I’m not leaving here without you, you goddamn idiot, so show yourself before I get blown the fuck apart!”
Dean swallows and clears his throat uncomfortably. "Yeah. Doesn't really sound like my type of thing, though."
Dean’s brain short circuits. When it comes back online, Cas is pulling away, still that same soft, inscrutable smile on his face.
Dean took a long sip of his coffee to avoid answering right away. "You make it sound like I’ve been keeping some terrible secret from him,” he finally said. “I just didn’t go into every detail of how I ended up in the same bar as him the night we met.”
Cas walks around his desk, opening one of the drawers. He pulls out a stack of photographs, turned down so Dean can’t see what they’re of. They’re old, though, faded yellow and crinkled around the edges.
Castiel gives Dean an unimpressed look as he approaches, clearly remembering him as well. “How may I help you?”
Castiel frowns uncertainly. A loud, crowded Halloween party doesn’t sound like something he would enjoy but he doesn’t want to give Dean the impression that he doesn’t know how to have fun, either.
It pisses Dean off just to think about it, so he tries not to. He doesn’t seem Novak much anyway, so what he thinks of Dean shouldn’t matter.
crowded. It looks like everyone in their year and the adjacent ones got invited; Sam didn't even know there
Castiel doesn’t go out much but occasionally his best friend Meg will drag him to some neighborhood bar and he will let her. It isn’t Castiel’s scene but he can play the extrovert on occasion, especially if it will get Meg off his back for a week or two.
“I haven’t had reason to,” Cas says. “I work on the first floor and rest in the facilities upstairs.”
“It’s not that easy,” Dean says defensively. “He seems interested sometimes but then as soon as I get closer, he shuts down. I haven’t gotten signals that mixed since Heather Scott in middle school.”
Dean sees the punch coming but he doesn't brace himself, instead welcoming the blow of Cas' fist against his cheek. He goes flying into the shelf behind him, knocking several books onto the floor. Cas follows and Dean is sure he's about hit him again, but instead he grabs Dean's shirt and slams their lips together.
Dean hasn’t showered in five days. He’s got twenty-three unread messages on his phone and eight missed calls. He hasn’t bothered to check his email since last week. Being around other humans is out of the question right now but fortunately, Dean works from home and the coffee shop closest to his apartment is android-run.
“Go ahead,” Eileen says, nudging him with her elbow. “I can take care of the research by myself for a couple of days. I’ve gotten pretty good at it.”
“I just…” Charlie sighs, bending down and beginning to pick up the bottles two by two. “You were right, okay? I always end up pining after her when she leaves and then when she comes back, I convince myself that it wasn’t so bad or that it’ll be different this time and it never is. So I told Dorothy all of that-”
Despite his family’s compulsion to embarrass him in all situations, dinner turned out better than Dean dared to hope for. Once Cas got past his initial awkwardness, he got on well with everyone. He and Mary even arranged to hit the gym together sometime, because apparently every person Dean loved was a raging masochist.
"Do you remember when we talked about the drive-in-theater?" Jimmy asks. "You said they weren't your thing."
Dean startled. His throat stung, eyes growing hot, but he ignored it – it was the least he deserved right now. He got up, also ignoring the slight hurt when Cas didn’t get up as well to follow him to the door.
His voice goes quieter as he says that last part, embarrassed almost, and Dean feels a sudden swell of affection that catches him off guard.
“It’s cool,” Dean said, eager to move past that. Even though they’d never been all that attracted to each other, rejection still stung. “I’m, uh, here about Cas. I figured you probably deserved to hear this from me before you heard it somewhere else.”
Cas grimaces. “Dean, that’s not - I was uncomfortable, yes, but that wasn’t your fault. Honestly, if the fault lies with anyone, then it’s Balthazar.”
After that, they start seeing more of each other. Castiel goes to the office later in the mornings now, so Dean doesn’t have to get up at an ungodly hour just so they can eat breakfast together. He also comes home earlier and they spend some time together. Whenever Castiel goes out with his friends, he invites Dean along, and Dean starts to make plans with some of them outside of those group outings.
He just can’t figure out what to say. The last time he talked to Sam, it was to tell him their father had died and all Sam had to say in response was that he wouldn’t be able to make it to the funeral.
He let go of Dean’s hair and Dean let his head fall back down against the table with a soft thud. Cas’ fingers were moving confidently, pumping away inside Dean’s hole, just barely grazing past his prostate. Then Cas spanked him again, just as he pressed his fingers deep, and Dean couldn’t hold back a punched-out moan.
He was and yet, hearing Cas say it made something hot and angry spark in Dean’s gut. “Oh, fuck you. How would you feel if I invited one of my exes over?”
Dean is on the phone with Dad. Sam has his homework spread out in front of him and he's taking notes, but mostly he's listening to Dean. If he strains his ears he can almost hear what Dad is saying on the other end, but he doesn't need to. Dean sounds happy, which means Dad will be back soon and they will be leaving town.
He honestly didn’t know why he hadn’t thrown it out already, only that something kept him from doing so. Maybe it was because, the whole gay sex thing aside, Cas seemed like a cool guy to hang out with. Dean didn’t have the easiest time getting along with people when he wasn’t putting on the charm but with Cas, it had been effortless.
He was stopped short by Cas’ lips pressing against his. He closed his eyes, relief blossoming in his chest. At least he hadn’t
“Never!” Dean laughed but it was cut off by a gasp when Cas licked the shell off his ear. Since when had his
i'm so sorry for the wait! i suddenly got very busy and when i finally had time to write this chapter i had to start over twice because i hated what i'd written. i'm still 100%  happy with this but it's good enough and i just wanted to get it out there before i drove myself crazy with writing and rewriting
“I put rules in place, when I became God,” he starts. “Rules that even I am bound by. In hindsight, there were a couple of things I should have set right first.”
Fortunately, he wakes up just a few minutes later. He’s lying in the wet grass outside the mausoleum, a pillar of smoke rising from its doors, and Cas has him propped up in his lap, hands gently cradling his face.
“Very funny,” Dean says dryly. He rubs his eyes, already feeling dread pooling in his gut. This shouldn’t be this hard. “I, uh. I think I need some help.”
Jimmy is quiet for a while and Dean finally looks up. His big blue eyes are somehow even bigger and bluer than usual, filled to the brim with concern.
Dean stares at her blankly for a moment. “Me,” he finally answers. “My - uh, my husband is working late.”
“I’m sorry,” he says. “I shouldn’t have left the way I did on Friday, that was exceedingly rude of me.”
“I’d rather stay here,” Dean says. “Make sure you don’t, like, die of dehydration or hunger because you were too busy jacking off to take care of yourself.”
They finish their beers, moving onto their second bottles and inconsequential small talk before someone finally works up the nerve to mention the elephant in the room.
Dean does as told, huddling against Cas as the noise becomes overwhelming, as the brightness engulfs them and his skin grows tighter, and
In a stroke of brilliance, Dean clasped his feet around Cas’ calves. Cas shot him a confused look and then his eyes widened as Dean twisted them around, successfully putting himself on top and straddling Cas.
“I knew what I was doing,” he tells Dean. “The Empty never would have let me go while I still had it. It couldn’t be helped.”
Dean glances into the living room, where Sam's sitting on the couch doing his homework, then moves into the bathroom, shutting the door firmly and locking it. "Hello to you to, asshole."
She stands and Sam grabs her hand as she goes, pressing a kiss against it. Dean looks away, but he knows Sam is signing something to her.
He keeps expecting it to happen again. For Michael to somehow take charge, despite everything, and ride his body off to kill more people for a flimsy excuse of a cause. And he keeps remembering over and over how he forced Gadreel into Sam and then the feeling of helplessness is replaced by a wave of self loathing.
“I don’t always-” Dean frowns. “I wear blockers for work, that’s it. Being an omega bartender would be a nightmare otherwise.”
He didn’t want to leave. He wanted to stay, wanted to make sure that Cas wasn’t leaving him, no matter how much he would have to grovel. But it didn’t matter what Dean wanted. Cas needed him gone, so Dean would go.
Cas blushed but looked clearly pleased. “I did do it before I met Daphne. Besides, there is not a whole lot of difference between sleeping with a man or a woman. Aside from my attraction to them,” he added thoughtfully. “I just pay attention to what the other person wants.”
The one other thing hanging over Dean’s head is his last conversation with Cas. He’s not sure their friendship can be salvaged but he at least owes Cas an apology and an explanation. Android or no, it’s obvious that Dean hurt his feelings.
making Vietnamese beef stew,” Dean said, leading Cas into the kitchen. “You can’t cook worth a damn, so you’re on chopping board duty.”
“What’s there to understand?” Dean puts his hands on his hips. He feels sick to be sending his soulmate away when he just met him but he already knows he can’t be what Castiel wants. “I want you to leave. So leave.”
Even Cas’ apartment looked better than his, Dean reflected moodily as they stepped inside. He didn’t have much time to mope, however, because a second later Cas had grabbed him by the arm and was pulling him in for a kiss.
"What are you doing here?" Cas asks, not even looking away from the books to acknowledge Dean's arrival.
This is a bad idea. Charlie was wrong, Dean is being a monumental creep right now. He should turn around, maybe there’s a chance Cas hasn’t seen him yet.
It takes Dean a moment to realize she’s misinterpreted the situation. He wonders if he should correct her but before he can, Cas answers, “Thank you.”
Not a lot of direct references (or any) to queer culture this chapter but a couple of relevant links:
They lie in bed after the last time, bodies pressed together from head to toe. They’re sweaty and sticky with come but neither one of them has the energy to move right now. Cas’ chin is resting on the top of Dean’s head and Dean’s nose is tucked against his collarbone, Cas’ arm swung over Dean and his fingers tracing patterns against the soft skin of his inner elbow.
Dean swallows back the ‘what if I can’t’. That’s not an option now, not with his goal so close within reach. Just one more thing left.
. He’s showered in the meantime but the messages still sit unread on his phone – up to thirty-six now – and the phone calls still go unanswered.
“Dean.” Sam’s voice is soft, pleading. Dean finally looks up and instantly regrets it, seeing the full-force of Sam’s sad puppy-dog eyes. “Cas wouldn’t want this for you.”
“Well, those are your options,” Dean says angrily, choking back the humiliation. “Either risk your reputation or fuck an omega who disgusts you. I’m not letting you send yourself to the hospital just because you’re being a stubborn asshole.”
Cas didn’t seem to mind, hooking his foot over Dean’s leg and pulling himself on top of Dean, all without breaking their kiss. When they finally did break apart, they were both breathless and grinning like maniacs.
Dean pulls over. It’s far too sudden, probably leaving tire tracks in the concrete, and the driver behind them honks his horn loudly as he passes. Dean ignores him, taking a deep breath as he finally turns to face Cas.
Cas’ eyes widened. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to imply- I was only talking about my own experience. I know bisexuality is real, you don’t have to worry about that.”
“Not a problem,” he replies with a breathy laugh. “Seriously, anytime. I didn’t know it could be this… intense.”
And if Castiel flashes back to those images she planted later that night, once he’s alone in bed, then no one else needs to know.
Considering this was only their second time doing this, they were surprisingly practiced at moving down the hallway and stripping on the way. By the time they got to the bedroom, they were down to their underwear.
. He tries running but that just makes him dizzy, makes the tension coil inside his stomach and scream at him,
