Dean licks his slit a few more times until its soaks with his saliva. He doesn't want to hurt Cas after all. He knows his giant cock isn't easy to handle with, so after he split into his three fingers and spread on his cock head. He settles between Cas's pussy and lines up.
And the second one was, before Dean even see who came out of his bathroom, his chest hit on other's chest and both collapsed on the floor.
Dean seems like a possessed man as he has no clue what is he doing. Dean growls and his nails dig into Castiel's hip, Castiel tried to get rid of him and because of his moves and squirms Dean's nails press into Cas’s soft hips and scratch there so hard without even knowing. Cas keeps crying and screams loudly as the pain he feels. Cas squirms under Dean’s body, trying to get off from him, but Dean’s grip is tight and he held him to the bed roughly.
"Never, I would never be your omega. I would rather die by slit my own throat. you are a filthy animal, a barbarian, a sly, cunning demon who's very talented to deceive innocent people, so I will not even think to be an omega to someone like you" Cas splits and Dean's eyes go wide and face fills with hurt. His heart shatters with Cas's hard words.
"Hey, hey it's okay it's fine. I didn't shout at you Cas, shhh shhh everything is alright" Dean tighten the hug as Sam looked at them with wide eyes and his jaw was dropping.
"No he is not, don't be ridiculous guys, he is not obviously" Castiel quickly added and he was blushing like hell. Dean was turning to red too.
"It's feeling so awful, I mean it's like I'm using you or I'm taking things from you, so I'm sorry I can't accept anything again. You know what I mean right? Please understand Dean, you being too kind to me, and it's too much for me to hold on, these lovely gifts you have already given me, your caring over little things... It makes me scared Dean"
Or something like that. But no, Dean wasn't someone like that. Dean is different. He genuinely likes me. Hell, he is a big company owner and a very busy person. But definitely every freaking day he saved few hours for me. Even he is a rich man enough to buy anything he wants within seconds, he still cares for me, waiting for me. So he deserved some attention too. Castiel thought.
And Dean's loud hitting, insulting and screaming, happens few more minutes before suddenly his voice stops.
Castiel can't figure out what to do now, as the map it's like 3 minutes to Mary's house. But he can't go there like this. But he can't go back either. Castiel felt he is going to have a panic attack. God no, no, not now. He started breathing and tried to count 1 to 10 and back. He didn't want to panic right now. If he failed right now, he will never get rid of his social fears and this fucking loneliness filled life. Also, Mary will be upset with him.
Then suddenly Dean put his hand on Castiel's waist leaning in and pressed a soft, warm kiss on Castiel's forehead. Castiel closed his eyes when the first time Dean's lips touched his skin. Castiel felt he wants more. He wanted Dean's lips on his lips too but what? Wait? Castiel Novak are you sure that you are ready? His heart questioned him but he knew the answer, it was NO, not yet. so he just waited patiently.
Without even thinking he pushed Lisa away. the Unexpected push made Lisa shock and she quickly backed away and gave him a death glare.
"Jeez, Cas No. Calm down you look like you gonna throw up or something, hey it's just a.. Argg screw it" Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed the parcel back from Castiel's lap.
Cas felt his heart raising at that, because again in Winchester House? No, no he can't. Not again. Last time he had enough and he promised himself that he will never go there again. But this is Mary after all inviting him. She is like a mom to him, for the first time he felt loved again because of her. So how could he say No to her? But also he was not ready to face Dean in his own house again, just like last time. Cas was stuck between two worlds when he heard Mary's voice.
"Deaaannnn, please don't baby" Cas moans and Dean can't resist anymore. He leans down and press his lips to Cas's beautiful and delicate pussy and press a long kiss.
"Yeah, you don't have to worry Cas. So by the way, I came here because something came up and I have to go out of the town for some business work, and it's turned out that I have to wait there until Tuesday morning" Dean said.
"Fuck. Yes yes sure. Sorry almost forgot about that. And you know why? Because I got distracted. this is the best mattress I have ever laid" Dean said winking at Cas, loving the way Cas completely going red with that. Fuck, he is gorgeous when he blushes like that.
Castiel felt a bit angry. This shit has no break to his mouth. Castiel wanted to say get out but before that, he heard Dean's laugh.
Dean sees red as he was on the edge. He wanted to punch all the members of his gang and tell Castiel to go away from him. But he can't. He just stayed their gritted his teeth.
Castiel can see the way Dean's chest went up and down very uneasy way, getting very unsteady breathes and can hear that dangerous inhaling and wheezing sounds. Castiel wanted to cry. Dean was the nicest, coolest, kindest man who's helped him a lot when his brother got injured. Dean cared about Castiel a lot. But here the said man just laid on a chair in his own cold, dark office at the midnight without anyone for help. Castiel's heart squeezed with pain.
Did you just flirt with me, Mr. Winchester?" Castiel finally finds the gut to ask directly because he can't get surrendered by someone in his own office.
"Dean, oh god Dean, please open the door, can I use your bathroom? My shower got broken and I'm covered in shampoo. Open up, man. Hurry"
"Yes please help your self" Both Dean and Castiel said together and then looked at each other surprised.
Castiel lifted his face to see who is that, but after he saw Charlie his expression got different. He quickly adjusted on his seat and bend down a little bit on the table like telling a secret.
Oh, look who finally arrived, the fur baby... The little brokenable faggot" He shouted towards Castiel as he scarlet and looked back at the bullies.
If Cas wasn't fully delighted before now he is. This man is full of wonder. He never failed to surprise Cas every time they meet.
"And Dean, I'm really happy that you finally started to be kind to the kid, it was really bothering me to think that you were so mean to him"
"Will you believe if I tell you that I wanted to kiss you the second I saw you. When you taking my eggnog from me?" Castiel asked and his voice was hoarse.
Within that Cas find himself get into the ambulance and ambulance hit the road and flying to the hospital.
Cas’s mouth all fills with Dean’s cock, he moans around Dean’s cock and keeps bobbing up and down his lover’s cock.
"The first one the way you have tried to stop the blood and second, your blood donation, actually I hope that lady is very lucky because you were there at the time accident happened. And now tell me, you feel okay? Do you feel any uncomfortable or any pain after the donation"
"Dean never stops talking about you, he likes you very much, and also for the past hour he just worried about you and thinking that maybe you are angry with him," Azazel said smoothly wanting to get Castiel's trust then he can get what he wants to know.
"Ohhh Dean aahh feels so good. Uh uh" Cas moaned and shivered with the pleasure he felt as Dean continuously pounding into him.
Dean didn't bother to thank her and ran again checking the room numbers. And finally, he found the room. He stopped in front of the door and wait for a second, he got a deep breath and slowly breathe out just for calming himself down, slowly opening the door as he didn't want to wakeup Mary if she was resting.
He just let his wet hair to stay as it is. Because he knew even if he tried to fix his hair, it will end with a disaster bed head, so the current messy look is better than that.
Dean could hear Charlie smirks saying that. Fuck her, she knew how to make his brain paralyzes for a moment. Anyhow he didn't want this to happen anymore. Castiel is clearly his enemy and he hates the guy. That's it. Nothing to think about. And this staring thing is ridiculous. Fuck Azazel. He is not gonna care about that shit anymore.
"What are you waiting for Princess, want me to carry you and make you sit there?" Dean said in a grumpy voice. Castiel looked at him with a little shocked face.
"It's very nice to meet you Clarence, and I don't know how to thank you for doing that, I mean, dude I really owe you a big time," He said.
They stayed like that for what feels like a really long time, and it seems like Dean still has no desire to move.
Dean kisses him so passionately as Cas feels Dean's cock shivers inside of him and then it drills another inch penetrating him, drilling and drilling his inner walls as Cas moans loudly.
"I don't know what's wrong with you guys but it's so fucking stupid to think that they are dating. I mean look at the guy? He does not seem like even he can take care of himself" Dean said chuckling and pointing at them. And the exact same moment Alfie chooses to put his hand a little bit of Cas's back and guide him to a table.
Dean really wanted to taste those sexy pinky lips right now. But he can't take him like that. Castiel is important to him. He is precious. He has to do things properly. So Dean pushed his thoughts behind and gave Castiel a heart warning smile.
"Charlie, stop okay, just stop, I don't want to talk about it, I mean NEVER want to talk about it. okay? And for your question, No. I didn't beat him After... After l.. I.. Um you know, after the big time, nope never hit him. But yeah just mess around him. But these guys from the football team did something to him. you know I can't do anything about that. I'm not responsible for that, so technically I'm with clean hands, okay? Now tell me why you bring it now, what's make you doing so" Dean voice kind of surprise also teasing.
"Cas, it's okay, I actually like staying here. Can we stay here a bit? Although I'm in a hurry also wanted to talk to you" Dean said.
"Cas, please don't leave, please stay," Dean's said softly, his voice low and small but his grip was so strong.
"Woah, Woah guys, give the man some space to breathe, okay?" Charlie interrupted when Jo rolled her eyes.
"Jesus Dean!" Cas gasped embarrassing, because he got started and because Dean must have seen his little dance. Dean held his hands in the air as a defense.
Kevin quickly stopped his cry and got his book ignoring the angry face of Meg who still glaring at him.
"Cassie, hey I was just thinking about you, was gonna come to see you, I want your signature on some papers" Castiel was disappointed when he heard Anna from his behind but suddenly felt relief when she mentioned that it's for some office work.
Of course, Dean had been in uncountable great wars and had won without even a buries. And those all kind of battles, he got deadly injuries but those were some kind of thrill to him. Kinda game to him. But he never cried or his Alpha never becomes weaker like this. So Dean can't understand what's happening right now. But whatever it is, seems not good, because right now Dean can't even see clearly, his view getting blur and his legs betray him as he feels like he can't walk anymore. Next moment Dean falls to the ground. He can't get up even he tries his best.
Castiel had the same mutual feeling as his mouth go forward without even letting him know what is he doing.
But Dean never hurries to put a step forward to Castiel as he only flirted with him unconditionally. Dean seems very like to flirt with Cas every and each time he got time to talk with Castiel. And Castiel did only blushing like hell and say something to turn down the man.
"So Deanoo how's life, are you actually single these days?" Gabriel asked laying his head over Sam's shoulder.
"Shutup Gabe, you are not helping here" Castiel showed his older brother away from him and stepped toward the rose bouquet. He touched the beautiful rose petals with awe.
"Oh, yes, yes, of course, Russia office.. Right.. Um, exactly Russia office what? Can you explain it a bit?" Dean was clever to cover it smoothly but everyone knew what was he doing as all other members started to mumble while Zachariah rolled his eyes.
Hell, in one day he accepted the most ridiculous and dangerous bet he got in his life. Then he felt some strange feeling towards his greatest enemy even he had to seduce him within few months. And should take his virginity. Wow, what a plan, and the said guy had to happen the savior of his mom's life. What a coincidence. Dean closed his eyes tightly as he felt his head is going to blow up any moment now.
Castiel glared at him as he knew this man is never gonna leave it. It's only getting late for him so he gave a last glare at Dean and stepped towards the exit of the shop.
"Oh, it's really cute, what is it, Dean?" Castiel asked surprising Dean. Normally Castiel didn't give any attention to what Dean brings him. Maybe Castiel behaved like this because Dean said that this was an Apologies gift. Not a date proposal gift.
“Babe, It’s getting late, hurry up” next morning Dean calls out Cas from his car. Both of them are working in different companies. Most of the time they go in Dean’s Car and also pick Cas in the evening.
Castiel just lifted his glance and then he saw the look on Dean Winchester's face who was staring at him like a hungry wolf. Castiel quickly glanced down. He didn't want to even think about Dean right now. Okay, focus on anything other than Winchester Castiel. C'mon. To his relief, Castiel heard Mary's voice.
Azazel smirked to his back then signaled to others to come with him and followed Dean. He waited until students filling the area. Because he wanted to make this scene go viral.
"Oh, you sure about that Cassie? You sure that you were not daydreaming about that handsome Demon prince of Winchester?" Gabriel asks wiggling his brows and Cas whirls around his head so fast and looks at his brother with fearful wide eyes.
"Well well well what we got here, Winchester what's going on? Huh? Care to share, is there any miracle on his face? " Alastair smirked and patted on Dean's shoulder showing Castiel's side.
"Ah my bad, I was distracted" Dean rubbed the back of his neck nervously as Castiel gave him a reassurance look.
"Dean, if you are so sure that you are not gay and you are not having feelings for the nerd, then proved that, let's make a bet," Azazel said with a sly grin with his bloody mouth.
"Oh god Cas, I'm so sorry. I'm a fool. never thought about anything like that. I should have to think more. I'm sorry I forgot that this is your workplace. Cas I'm so sorry. Please don't angry with me" Dean said in a begging voice.
"Hold there, who the hell are you? What are you doing in Sam's office room, oh god are you a thief? Just answer me before I call the security and.."
"Jeez Shutup Gabe, turn down your voice, if Michael or Lucy hear anything about it, we all have to go on big consequences"
He thinks that Dean must be gone to the bathroom as he waits few minutes listening to whether there is any water sound coming from the bathroom because he can see that the bathroom light is still off. When few minutes pass without Dean comes to bed, Cas climbs out of the bed and check the bathroom, no Dean is not there.
"Um yeah I should probably start my work, and Sam should be here in any minute now, so enjoy your coffee until then, it's nice to see you again Mr. Winchester," Castiel said and stepped toward the door. But Dean also stood with him quickly.
"I'm talking to her hospital coz her situation is not good I will stop the car as soon as I saw the ambulance then you can take her"
“Babe, I’m so sorry, I also need you, but Dean… I’m still not okay with this, I mean can we just wait until pass our three days? Please, babe, can you do it for me, can you wait? I think you will understand me” Cas pleads.
"Dean, no. no it's not like it made me upset, I'm sorry. I'm not crying. Oh god, I'm.. I'm sorry if I made you upset by crying" Castiel said half crying half smiling.
"Dude seriously, this is an amazing man. You know you are the best kind of brother in law I can ever imagine as I can see now, And you are Passed. I'm down. And you have permission from me" Gabriel moaned between his speech.
Castiel had to wait outside and then two nurses check him and talk with him after taking him to another room. Also, give him a form and ask to fill it with his details but he didn't want to give his details, he has very own reasons for that. But at the time he couldn't pass it and he had to think and do something about it. and of course, he filled his name as Clarence Smith. Because no one should know about this, no one. Then he filled the form very briefly only answering mandatory questions. Then he gave it to the nurse who asked him to fill it. And he was dying to ask about the patient.
"Jesus it's freaking freezing," He said to himself and rubbed his mittened hands together. The inside of the shop was a bit cold even they had using the heaters in the shop. Castiel was vegan. So he knew where all vegan items normally stored in any shop, so he walked through the aisles for the side normally vegan eggnog should stores.
Castiel reached home and parked his car. He went inside the house to see his older brother Already came home using his spear key.
Cas moans getting into whimpering when Dean nibble on his creamy thighs. And Cas can't resist anymore as starts to push Dean's head down into his pussy when Dean starts to play with his clitoris, making Cas a squirming and whimpering mess.
//It's nice to see your reply on my phone for the first time, you have no idea about that sweetheart//
When they finished the breakfast Sam suggested that they should prepare the Christmas tree after that. Dean and Sam were already brought and fixed a huge tree but just waited for Gabriel and Castiel to come around to decorate it. So they agreed with his idea.
Castiel can't remember any other day he was happy like today, and he can't stop smiling for a second. And Dean was also happy to see 'Happy Cas'.
It was a messenger from few miles away and he burst out and informed prince Dean is unconsciously laying near the lake and he is badly injured. That's how they find Dean and now they bring him back to the camp, until carrying him to the castle.
"It's okay Angel, you don't have to say anything. I just wanted you to know that I'm not a bad person Cas. I may be not the best man ever but I'm not the worst man either. Just wanted to say that. And you are so precious to me" Dean whispered. Castiel's heart skipped a beat as he blushed more.
Today also they were sitting just like a normal day. Dean can see the side of Castiel's face. Right now he was holding his pencil into his cheeks. Dean licked his lips before giving his attention to the teacher who started to instruct the assignment.
"I'm afraid we can't sir. We are not allowed to do so and in this case, we had a special request to not accept the return of the parcel. have a good evening" Messenger boy said before grabbing his signing board from the floor. Castiel sighed and turned toward his brother who was now giving him a shit-eating grin.
"Yes, Gabe I know. It's Dean. He was the one who arranged that and makes sure your surgery happens as soon as possible. He took care of everything when I was crying here helpless" Castiel said emotionally looking at Dean.
"I love you Dean Winchester, more than anything else" Castiel answered smiling at him and then Dean Kissed Castiel smiling like he got everything that he wanted in his life. They kissed and kissed and kissed and then they lived happily ever after.
Anyhow Cas got another responsibility on his shoulder for the past few weeks, that their charity fund organization event. Actually the all credits must go to Castiel as he did a super great job and full filled his job very well as they gathered a huge fund even more than they assuming. And Castiel personally involved and confirmed that all the money went to help all the innocent orphan children and babies, they were responsible to take care of. So Castiel was planing their event successful party for thanking the great donors and all the responsible members. So Castiel decided to concentrate on what should he do after he off from the office today. Like that he spent his day very hard, trying to forget about Dean in every second.
"What's your deal, Winchester? Looks like you are so alive today huh? What? is it means something like you are already won the bet?" Azazel asked suspiciously and Dean laughed out loud at him.
"Yeah, I can understand. And I always seen Sam in that situation and I also going through them with him, but I can understand how much you carrying by yourself"
Mary opened her mouth to say she wasn't, but before that, they can be heard and see Dean moaning with a mouth full of apple pie.
"Cassie are you alrig..." Balthazar tries to ask but hearing his stupid voice is the last thing Cas wants right now as he bursts out at him.
"This is so good Dean, it makes me very happy, very delicious" Castiel said happily before taking another sip.
Next second Dean leans down and kisses Cas's pussy ones more causing Cas to lift his hips. But Dean put a hand on his hips and keep him on the bed.
“Dean, you are hurting me... Dean, please stop, what are you doing? I have no idea what you talking about. Please don’t do this” Cas cries out in pain.
"I was not angry with you Dean. I told you already, that was something about the moment. because I felt a little uncomfortable with the people around us who poked their noses into us that moment, that's it"
"I'm going to leave your favorite table and chair to all yourself" Castiel faked a smile and alone with a glare, then he walked out of that table. Castiel looked all over the library to find a table far away from Dean, then walked over to the corner table far away from Dean as much as possible and sit there turning his back to Dean then started his studies again with a heavy sigh. Dean was looking at his actions as he shook his head chuckling.
He hit Castiel's face until it's covering with blood. And Castiel was unconscious and he didn't try to say anything only cried with pain.
"Me too Mom, he doesn't deserve to bullying like that, he is a really good kid, see he had brought this pie with him"
Now, that's the warning alarm for Castiel, his face gone pale, he barely sit there without running out and never look back. He thought quickly before answer to Mary.
"Oh, where's Donna? What's that sound?" Castiel asked and his eyebrows raised with a questioning look.
Dean, on the other hand, was having a very hard time getting forced to agree to the bet. He got his first warning from the stupid football team on Saturday as making him missed his practicing and making Coach upset with him. Now Dean had to be very careful as he has to check out every movement of the assholes.
Hey so don't forget to tell me how it is? 💕❤🌸  it's 4.16 am and I'm finally updating my fic for the New year.❤💕
Why'd Dean didn't asked me if I want coffee, just like he asked Sam? Why did he make this coffee for me? To be more wonder the exact time I was craving for coffee? Cas didn't know what to do, get the coffee or reject it as he just kept looking at the mug and Dean.
"Mmmmm aaahh yeah Cas, gonna fuck you Faster! Deeper! Harder! And gonna cum so hard inside your hole. Gonna put a baby inside you again, do you like it sweetheart, all full and wet with my cum and then full and round with my child" Dean grand into Castiel's ear while trusting to his ass with incredible speed, slamming his hips over and over again.
"I don't think so Gabe, I don't think I will ever do that" Castiel said but his heart was screaming not to say like that.
"C'mon Cas, I do care, I don't want you to be angry with me," Dean said as a pleading as Cas looked at him again in a suspicious way. But before he said something Sam came back with a handful of pizza boxes.
"Thank you, this feels so good, I got a peaceful sleep after, I don't know like, Ages" Dean murmured to his chest. Castiel felt his stomach do some strange twist. Like butterflies in his stomach.
"Oh, Gabe you are making me terrifying now" Castiel sigh closing his eyes. But suddenly Gabriel yells happily.
"Dean, why did you call me right now? Is everything alright? and are you okay?" His rude voice didn't come anymore and there is that his calm and caring voice came out. There’s another pause. A bit longer this time.
Castiel finally finished preparing dinner after breaking another plate mistakenly. He gave Gabriel's dinner tray into his bed because it's easy for him. But sometimes he came to the diner room to eat for a few days now, with help of Castiel.
Dean stopped the impala with a sharp break and running to the hospital as soon as he can. He gave his mother's details and mention that she admitted in the morning after the accident as the nurse who was at the front desk quickly gave him details of the room where Mary was now.
He occasionally glanced over the upstairs as he knew Dean's room was there and he couldn't stop little sighs too.
"And you know that I was fed up with this life, and I reject your all blind dates and the proposals and stuff coz I didn't want anyone in my life like that, but Sammy I swear to god this Castiel, he is just god he is a really someone, okay? He got this magic and I don't know what happened to me man, I just can't think straight anything since I set my eyes on him, he is very funny, very alive, and very kind, he is gorgeous, handsome as fuck, and his voice, and oh god the way his get blushing, and, and that his head tilts thing? Oh Sam I used every power to hold myself when he blushing over and over in front of me" Dean added very happily and enthusiastically.
"Okay, since you still processing about the fact that we are partners now, I'm gonna start this, give me your pencil?" Dean said very natural way and tried to get Castiel's pencil from him.
And then it happened. There was some magical love in both of their eyes and they were staring deep into each other’s eyes for an amount of time that normal people might end up with making out.
So Dean took Castiel for their first date and they knew that they found their soulmates. Also, Dean took Castiel to his first Ballet dancing class and encouraged him a lot. After one year, Dean, Sam Gabe, and all of Castiel's family were sitting in a huge theater watching Castiel perform with a huge group of ballet dancers. And Castiel has nailed it.
"Son of the bitch, I was planning a big entrance to the first time you sit on my beloved baby, but it's already happened in an unexpected way. So anyhow meet this is baby" Dean express and pretending like he is presenting the car.
"Cas, Sam was right sweetie, I just kidding with you. Don't be upset. Okay?" Mary understood that Cas was getting it too seriously, so she quickly gets in and said.
"No, no, wait, it's okay, I'm okay, we can talk, I just laying on my tub" Cas bit his tongue, as soon as those words slipped out of his lips.
But Cas isn't that strong to open the damn door and go check around for Dean. He is so weak. His neck hurts Cas slowly turns toward their dressing table.  he looks at the mirror and he starts to sobbing as he can notice those dark purple bruises all over his neck, it can clearly visible Dean's long fingers prints on his neck, and also he has a bruise on his right cheek under his right eye. Cas feels his whole body shakes with pain and fear.
He nodded at her and gave his attention to the blonde lady and keep his hand and the bandana press to the wound tightly, and he was feeling a little relief when he saw the bleeding speed had slow down at the moment. And he prayed to the god that the ambulance Will come without any late to rescue this woman. He didn't want to see any other life gone like this, coz he knew how it could damage the living people of her family whoever they are.
"Cas? Fuck, are you crying? Baby? What? God, why are you crying baby?" Dean's voice came as a shock. He wipes Cas's tears with his thumbs.
"Wait, I just want to talk with you Cas, just want to check you okay, and.." Dean was kept talking but Cas cut off him angrily.
"I mean hello? Who's speaking?" Castiel tried his best to be polite as much as he can when he says it again. But on the other side, there wasn't any reply, just very silent.
"Yeah, even our parents didn't want Cassie to do it, he joined the ballet team in school and he practiced like one year, very secretly but unfortunately he caught up one day and had to end it," Gabe said and Dean's face got darken with anger and sadness.
Dean just nodded at the boy and walked towards the poolside office of Coach Singer. He gulped and stand in front of the door having no idea about why his uncle Bobby called him right now. Normally uncle Bobby or Swimming coach Singer never called him like this if it's not important.
"Well, what should I say, that whole kind heart belongs to you sweetheart," Dean said looking into his eyes.
"Hey Sweetheart, you wanna sit for a bit? I want you to relax now okay?, because everything is gonna alright. your brother is in good hands, I promise you" Dean said in a promising tone.
It's finally Saturday morning. Castiel loved Saturdays. Normally on weekends, he let himself sleep a bit more than on weekdays. He likes to stay few hours in bed lazily. Most of the time Miracle also joined him in the bed. So Cas spending petting Miracle and talk with him and he loved it. Because those times always remind him of Dean, because of Miracle.
"Actually I made a mistake, I forgot to tell you that, the previous table and chair became my favorites because you were beside me, so without you, in there I'm not interested in them anymore. So here I came to my new favorite spot" Dean said and he plastered a nice smile on his face.
"Hey thank you for... You know, saving my ass. And I'm really sorry if I scared you back there. I just really wanted to talk with you, but seems like I ruined it again" Dean said rubbing on the back of his neck.
"Okay, okay, I'm not starting again but I want you to know that I'm happy for your change son," Mary said quickly before Dean says anything else, ruffling his hair. Dean's heart shuttered for a bit. His Mom finally trusted him. But does he worth it? What would happen end of that freaking bet? how many hearts he will break at the end of the day? He was too scared to think about it. No, he will fix it all. He can do this without breaking anyone's hearts. Yeah, yeah that's how everything gonna be ending. Dean smiled barely at Mary before nodding lightly.
"And you never allowed any other one to call you to that name" Shit Dean is not gonna stop his babbling and Cas felt his eyes getting wet and his breaths starting to hitch unexpectedly.
"My Angel I want to taste your tits, please give me the permission to suck your beautiful nipples and milk you baby. Your tits are mine, no one will do these things to you other than me, so let me suck those precious tits, please" Dean begs, giving a hard squeeze on both nipples.
"Please hurry, okay? We are already late Cassie, and I already told you that we don't need to buy them right now, I can ask Sam to bring some vegan eggnogs you know" Gabriel said when Castiel opened the car door. Castiel rolled his eyes at him.
"See this is the problem of people, they can do stuff but don't like to talk about it, so pathetic" Gabriel murmured and Dean couldn't take it anymore as he burst out laughing at that. And Gabe joined him.
"Dean, please... We can't do this anymore, you know the rules, we are playing a life-ending game here, so please leave me now Dean" Cas pleads.
"Um excuse me, can I know who is the owner of these heavenly smelling donuts?" Donna asked with a huge grin on her face.
"It's fine Mary, it's been a long time but actually I'm still scared so much when I remember that day," Castiel said in a very low voice.
Dean staring at his lover's little hole licking his lips. Then next second he leans down and licks over the hole making Cas gasps at the wet touch. Dean eagerly laps over and over the red soft rim and Cas starts to flutters and groans. Dean begins to fuck Cas’s hole with his tongue.
Dean doesn't give more attention to nipples as he moves to Cas’s stomach and his man-killer hip bones. Because he is in a hurry to taste his boyfriend. Dean kisses those sharp hip bones and sucks huge hickeys there.
"Yes Cas, but before I'm going I wanted to greet you, so you are not going to invite me to your room Cas?"
"Shit, Cas, Cas I'm sorry. It's came out wrongly. Cass, please wait...I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, Cass" Dean called out but Cas never stopped or turn back. Dean just stared after him until the bell rang off.
"Oh this is amazing Sam, and thank you very much for having me here, you know It means a lot to me, even I didn't want to bother you guys," Castiel said and he looked at Dean when he said the last part, who was standing behind Sam. As soon as Dean heard him he slowly slid from there.
Gabriel's heart starts to pound hard as his very curious brain starts to give him thousands of questions, imaginations, and thoughts about this mystery as he secretly runs towards the garden, where Castiel was earlier. And as Gabriel promised him he will come back after some time.
Dean can felt Castiel's shoulders shaking a bit. Oh, shit is he crying. Dean slowly pulled out from the hug only to check on Castiel's face. As soon as he confirmed that he is crying Dean couldn't help but took Castiel's face into his palms.
"mmmhhh Dean, aah babe no...stop I can't take it more gonna cum. Ahh but need your cock inside me when I cum. Need you babe" Cas wailed and Dean quickly leaned back wiping his wet chin with the back of his hand and lined up his cock.
But when he thanks the head chef of the Royal kitchen, for the Rose, she gets confused by that instead of being happy.
"Oh c'mon Cassie cut the crap, I know about yesterday's incident, Anna burst out everything to me about the way you all almost get attacked by the Demon army" Gabriel said rolling his eyes.
Now Dean and Castiel were face to face. both were having cold stare on their faces. Dean can see Castiel's pinky lips so closely now. They are swelled and he can see the crack on the bottom lip. Those so pinky lips are extra red-pink today. and suddenly Dean leaned a bit and touched Castiel's bottom lip surprising Castiel. With a hissing in pain, Castiel batted his hand away and gave him a death glare.
"What? I didn't do anything, what are you asking" Dean made a face like what the hell you talking about.
“Dean, Castiel, look. As both of you know, I can give you medicine for any physical illness, but, I’m afraid that I can’t handle this kind of illness. Dean, you should immediately get an appointment for a psychiatrist. I highly recommended it for you” Cas feels his heart start to pound hard into his chest and, Dean looked at him with wide eyes.
"Sam, do me a favor son, can you call Cas for me sweetie?" Mary said giving a sweet smile at Sam and giving him his orange juice.
"It's not a big deal Dean. Just tell me how you feel now? How's your breathing? Can you, can you breathe just easily or it's getting worse? Please tell me the truth. Don't be stubborn like a child"
Dean Winchester's childhood wasn't very privileged or very beautiful. His mother was injured by accident and end up on the bed with a long-term injury in her back. and since that incident, his father became an alcoholic. A very addicted and heavy drinker who's refused to take responsibility for the family. Dean was a kid when he had to took the responsibility of Sam on his shoulders.
"Yes of course he did tell us, we are best friends from elementary school so we know lots of things, you know," Azazel said and winked.
"No Charlie, I'm not doing that, and you know I don't care about that weird shit, I don't give a fuck for him and you better shut your cakehole about that, I don't want to talk about that anymore and if you are done with a negotiation about your charity case I have to go now," Dean said little bit like a pissed off voice.
"Let me finish bro, I mean I still not had a chance to meet the guy, but the information I got about him and considering the time he hitting on you and the entire courtship he carried out until now was wonderful. I mean is it been like 6 months?" Gabriel asked.
"Oh Dean, you are always unbelievably sweet to me, you know" Castiel stated lovingly. But actually, he was a bit disappointed, because he also dying to kiss this ridiculously handsome and lovely man in front of him.
"I've got you Cas, you are safe" The blurry voice came again as Cas wanted to sleep. He stops fighting with everything and relaxed to the person who holds him right now. They got me, I'm safe. Finally, I can sleep peacefully. His mind said as his vision went black completely.
Cas can't understand what's going on with Dean. He was acting so weird way. He never attacked Alfie before, even he normally never attack any kid beside him. But why he tried to hurt Alfie today,
Cas beg and he felt the room start to spinning. He felt Dean press his hand into his neck and tighten his grip shouting and cursing him. Cas feels he couldn’t breathe and suddenly his vision goes blur then get darker, next second he passes out on the bed, beneath Dean.
And yes they had a long back history and of course, they were enemies, if anyone asks about that from their friends, they will say these two are BEF, best enemies forever. But besides Charlie. coz Charlie had a very different scope of vision, story, thoughts, and details about that.
"We had lots of problems and my life was getting a living hell. and one day.. Um, one day.." Castiel stopped talking and closed his eyes like he is in some kind of pain and Mary saw it. She quickly stroked his back.
Cas was staring at them like he saw a ghost. To be honest, Cas has seen Dean flirting, kissing, and even making out with lots of girls. But all those times Dean never tried to even talk to him. But now the situation is different. Dean was trying to become a friend of him, even he is pretending or acting. And hell, Dean held him one rainy night and Cas can still remember that moment. So after all these what happens, it's strange to see Dean grinding on a pretty girl, like now. Cas tore his eyes from them when his heart started to hurt strangely.
Cas feels huge fear as he has no idea that what happens to his Dean, Cas’s whole life is Dean. He can’t understand what he should do to help his Dean, but whatever it is, he will do anything for his beloved Lover.
"Yeah, yeah whatever, okay you can use it. But make sure you clean it before you leave it. Bitch" Dean said annoyingly before leaving his room.
"It's okay Sweetheart, don't worry about me that much. I can double my breakfast in the morning. So it's not a big deal, and tell you what, when you worry about me like this, it's turning me on so much" Dean said grinning at him. As Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Okay, babe. Here give me that, I will apply it, wanna help you” Dean grabs the ointment and starts to apply it on Cas’s hips.
But today, he kinda put a little step further, yeah he able to make a good show in front of the coach. So it would be a big step for him after all. He sighed with that thought.
"God Dean you are so cold. Come to bed, let's cuddle and sleep again, I don't want you to feel this much cold, I want you warm, you know that" Cas pouts. Still no answer from Dean.
He feels he really wants to get some orgasm right now as he doesn't waste his time foreplay as he slowly enters his one finger into his slit, biting his lips with pleasure. He slowly starts to fuck himself with his finger as he starts to moan slowly, his head starts to fall back more.
"Listen to me Mr.Jealous, we have to get an appointment soon as possible” Cas brings it again and looks at Dean with puppy eyes. He smoothly shoves a few of Dean’s hair which on his forehead.
Castiel couldn't believe it. How in the hell Dean thought a giant teddy bear will work for a courting a grown man, to woo him almost in his office. But that's not the problem. If Castiel being honest he loved that idea. The problem was how Dean know about Castiel's love for teddy bears?
"Look at you my love, I already fucked you so many ways and I saw all of your holy body, the prettiest, gorgeous, delicate and softest, mouthwatering body, and I touched you all the ways and did so nasty things, but you still being shy in front of me. fuck, baby you still blushing and it makes me so fucking wild baby" Dean groans grabbing Cas's both nipples pinching and pressing them.
"Seems like you have a secret admirer Mr.Novak" Messenger boy said pushing the huge Red Rose bouquet to Castiel's now free hands.
"Deannnn... Mmmhhhaaa.. you are so so bad, I told you we can't do this, aaaahhhh oh god Dean, you already did it, mmm god, but it feels so good" Cas moans when he can feel his inner walls spreading to make the path for Dean's cock. And it's so huge and Cas feels the sweet burning pain. He closes his eyes grabs Dean's board-muscled shoulders.
"Now tell me, when you sneak into my kingdom? And Don't you remember that I have sworn that I will not be very generous like you if I ever see you again? are you this much dumb for even think to do something like that?" Cas asks sarcastic way and Dean shrugged.
Cas can't understand what just happened. Why is he so angry. He never acted like this before. He hit an unarmed Alpha prince until he is unconscious. And Cas was fully aware that if Dean wanted, he could have break Cas into half in a second. The Alpha is so strong and powerful, mostly so fast. But even though he never lift one hand against Cas. He was smiling at Cas with love-filled eyes for the whole time. What the hell is this? What kind of demon is he? Cas fights with his thoughts, but finally, he yell to guards and commands them to drag unconscious alpha to the dungeon. But like magic, there is no Alpha in his chamber, when the guards arrived.
"Whoever is that, the information was correct. Right? So I decided you deserved this, so I got this risk and arrange the stuff as soon as possible. You know the rest of the story" Dean said and Cas hummed.
Dean really wanted to thank Castiel. But at the same time, he felt kind of awkward. But he always really wanted to talk with Castiel in peace. Forget about the rest of the world. Forget about his Dad, his asshole football team, forget about his mostly fake hate and talk with his old best friend in a civil way. But he never got a chance for that.
"2nd, I have done so many stupid and bad things in the past. 3rd, I regret it so much and I'm ashamed of myself for that" Dean said kept Cas's gaze to him.
"Charlie, Jo, why are you here? I'm okay, thank you for asking, please you go now, I don't want to make more problems" Castiel pleaded.
"Oh, and you never met my little bro right?" Gabe said and looked at the door to see Castiel bringing their bags looking down.
"Of course, cool, great, it's a Date. We are going to our first date this Saturday" Dean said almost like a big announcement, making Castiel chuckled.
"Oh almost forget, Son give me your phone number, here add it to my phone please" Mary gave her phone to Castiel as he took it without any hesitation and entered his number in her phone.
"Who's this" Castiel understood his voice came very rudely.  it's too late but he tried again quickly.
"Hmm you know Cas, don't worry about that though. Coz I'm the boss, so not a big trouble to get a day off" Dean said winking at Castiel as finally, Castiel nodded at him.
"Mmm Good Morning honey bun" Cas murmurs and turns to Dean with sleepy eyes. They share a loving smile while Cas caresses Dean's face as Dean melts to the soft touch of his boyfriend.
Okay, to be honest, Dean completely forgot about exam. He didn't have time to even think about the exam. So seems like his problems got even big with that. But then he got an idea.
"Okay Mom, thanks," He said as Mary chuckled again. Both of them looked at the stairs when Sam came from his room finally.
"Cas, I told you, I can't resist you anymore, besides if we caught up they have to listen to us first. we are in love after all that's it. and whatever happens, right now I need to do this Cas, I wanna see you cum on my fingers. I wanna see you all sheer bliss out. So let me have you, baby, I'm gonna take care of you" Dean rambled between little sucks on Cas's pussy lips here and there.
The next second Castiel gave Dean another cheeky smile and then he was walking towards the elevator. Almost running.
Dean keeps rocking up against Cas as he fucking through his orgasm and his aftershocks, spilling his seeds as much as he can, marking his lover in inside.
Dean moves very fast and turns around to grab Cas's hand which he was holding the dagger. And the next second, Dean is out of the tub as he locks Cas's both hands to his back. Then the dagger falls with a noise, eventually. With that Dean pushes Cas into the nearest wall, as Cas's back tightly presses into Dean's chest. Dean's hot breath ghosting on Omega's neck and Cas tries to get rid of him but obviously fails to do so.
Dean takes his hard and pussy juice soak cock into his hand and the next second he guides it into Cas's now bit loosened hole and moans when it penetrates Cas's slit without any warning. the mushroom head inserts without any resistance but then Cas cries loud when Dean's giant cock passes another inch into his tight virgin pussy hole.
Suddenly his phone started to buzzing and Castiel glanced over it. An unknown number. Castiel ignored it. He didn't have a mood for dramas right now. The phone stopped buzzing in few seconds but causing Castiel more annoying it started to ring again.
When finally Dean finished his late-night dinner, the whole food was gone and Castiel felt happy. And Dean was babbling about how delicious the food was and thanking Castiel.
And then Cas slowly lifts his gaze hesitantly, but quickly closed them when he saw Dean is only in his boxers.
Dean could see the way Cas jumped out of that again, and the way he went so pale. Then next second Cas seems like he got unconscious as he started to fall back. Dean couldn't have time to think, the only thing his brain shouted at him is, catch him, save him. So Dean put a step closer and grab Cas's unconscious body to his chest, wrapping his arms protectively around him. Holding him tightly to his chest. Dean can feel the way his body shaking still.
Dean sighed and waited a few seconds to get his head clear before he goes to his lectures then he stood up and walk towards his locker. He has to get a decision. He just wanted to get this match. He wanted to show his dad he is not a loser. He wanted to make sure to impress his dad and dad to know that Dean was worthy. He wanted to save his family from falling apart before it broken into pieces. So his opportunity is in front of him but even though he can't say yes to that fucking bet and ruin that nerd. and go get what he wants. But why? Even Dean hates Castiel that much. No, he had to get a decision. Dean thought he will decide before the end of today.
Dean looked surprised with that "what you guys crazy? It's just the morning fuckers, besides I thought we might be sneak in again the class then we can sit for the exam”
"But Cas you gave me two kisses and I only gave you one, I guess I should give you another kiss," Dean said because that made his little heart a bit upset.
Cas didn't want to think about it more and made his mind crazy so he decided to let his thoughts go away and going to the class peacefully.
"It's nothing Dean. Actually, I'm terrified after I understand what's happening with you and when I saw you, it's got worse. I was on the edge to drag you to the hospital, but I still think I should have done that, I mean you got it pretty bad Dean. I'm sorry but please you have to take care of yourself more than that"
Dean felt his orgasm started t to bubble up as he quickly lifted Cas and flipped them as Cas laying on his back. Cas gasped when the Cock slipped out from his ass as he reached to put it back but Dean patted his hand and smirked at him. Then Dean grabbed Cas's legs and spread them. He leaned down and pressed a kiss to the used hole which clenching around nothing. Cas gasped with the wet touch and started to flutter with the feeling.
"Of course, sorry. I already ate it half, so it's not a proper thing to ask" Castiel babbled but suddenly his wrist dragged to Dean's side as Castiel gasped. Dean was grabbing Castiel's wrist.
"Cas made this breakfast for you?" He asked and hated each word. Because why'd Cas cook for Sam. He didn't have to. C'mon, the kid got a different kind of anxiety attack or something like that last night over nothing. Or at least Dean still didn't know what is it. So he should have some rest, or maybe should sleep more. Aren't he? Dean thought but didn't mention that to Sam.
"Too hard to get, aren't you now Cas" He mumbled standing up from the table. He didn't have much stuff with him but only a textbook and a pen. So he grabbed those and slowly walked towards the table now Cas was sitting. Dean knew this is going to make Castiel super pissed but what to do?, this was the plan.
"Ohhohooo man it's been years, you look bit change but few things seem like never changed," He said when he released Castiel from his bear hug, pointing at Castiel's face. Then he suddenly tried to correct it.
Dean lost his words. Hell, the kid was right. The only thing Dean did when he sees Castiel was hurting him and make his college life so hard for him. Okay. But until yesterday. He just has to make a new deal between Castiel and himself now. He didn't gonna hurt Castiel anymore. And besides, after knowing that Castiel was the one who saved his mom's life, Dean will never hurt him again in his life. But unfortunately, he has to win his bet. And of course, after getting to know about his story, Dean got more and more uncomfortable with his bet. But he can't lose everything by letting people call him gay. And he can't let his Dad disappointing about him. Also, he has to save his family first by proving who he is. So first thing first. Bet came first. He can fix things later after that. But in the meantime, Castiel was the one who saved his family once saving his mom. So like that, Dean is so fucked up right now.
Actually, he loved to cook and bake. He still remembers the way his mom used to bake pies and cakes for him. Even he was a little kid those days he learned everything from her. But now he barely baking because of few reasons.
"mmm I love to suck your nipples babe and drink your milk, mmmm" Dean murmured through the Tongue around the bud. He let go of the nipple slowly and leaned to Castiel's lips and kiss him passionately. Cas moaned to the kiss and started kissing back eagerly.
At first, Castiel turned down Dean's date requests kindly and respectfully. He tried his best to be nice to his boss's elder brother, who was running his own company separate from Sam's company. Castiel was working as an Executive Assistant of Sam Winchester. At that point, Dean was only his boss's elder brother, not a friend but Castiel respect him because he is Sam's family, that's all. Otherwise, Castiel knew how to treat people like Dean. rich, spoiled, Narcissistic brats who have no idea of the value of people or never gave any respects for others, just easygoing, manipulative, selfish, patronizing, and demanding bastards.
"Not at all Dean, I didn't flirt with you, you helped me and my friend and I just appreciate that, that's all, no flirting, no dinner outing, I'm sorry"
He grabbed the sink and started to cry, louder as he can because he knew no one there to hear him. He cried and cried as much as he can. As much as he wanted to. He looked at the mirror and saw his swollen lips, the bottom lip is split and coming out some blood. He never cared to clean his lips just glaring at them in the mirror. he hated his lips, his face, his body, he hated his fucking whole life. He is not loved, not cared for. Yes, Dean is right. He is nothing. But an unlucky piece of shit.
"Here, pick any movie you want, and I will make us some popcorn, okay?" Sam said before showing the DVD collection to Cas and go to the kitchen. Cas nodded smiling with him.
"Obviously vegan people Jerk, and of course don't forget that you have already drank two of them. now go before you become a popsicle out there" With that Sam closed the door firmly.
That word was the deadline for Dean. He saw the red, what in the hell someone call him gay. No fucking way.
"Clarence, this is my younger son, Sam. Sam this is Clearance the brave kid who saved my life that day" Mary introduced them and Castiel feel like an asshole for giving them a fake name but also he felt huge happiness when he heard those words. he barely heard people saying nice things to him as he mostly heard full of hate, embarrassing or insulting things toward him in his whole life even without any reason.
"Yeah, maybe. I don't know man. You know, someone with a kind heart, a bit innocent, but obviously mouthy and cheeky. And maybe bit nerd, in a good way I mean, aaand sexy of course, mmm aaand what else? Dunno man likewise"
"Huh huh very funny Dean. now stop teasing me mister, then let me make you a cup of tea, it's your first time in my home, and where are my manners," Cas said softly. Dean's eyes got lit by that as his hand came onto Cas's hand which was on his chest. he stared at Cas like he truly adores him. Cas also stared at him seconds before chuckled softly.
"Oh! Oh.. wait a minute, is that mean you accepted his date? Oh OMG are you guys together or something now?" Gabriel practically ran to Castiel and grabbed his shoulder in one hand still Miracle in his other hand.
"You don't have to, my beloved. You don't have to be jealous. I'm yours. Only yours" Cas moans and Dean smiles. A lovely genuine smile as always he gives to the love of his life, his Cas. He leans down and kisses Cas's lips lovingly. His hard cock gives a huge throb inside of Cas's pussy.
"Cas" Dean whispers. Only whispers, no any response but looks like he got a shock. His voice came like a dream. Cas feels everything is going blur. Dean, the love of his life, is he going to leave him? Is he going to betray him? Cas's heart shatters and his tears start to falls down.
Dean's lips curve into a little smile as he understood that Cas remembered everything. Hell, he remembered their first hug. Wow. Wait, Where was that come from? Their first hug?
"Mmm yes your perfect pussy did this to my cock baby, look at that, my poor cock wants to say hello to your pussy so bad" Dean grins and Cas glares at him.
"Hmm, yes Gabe, I'm okay, but not feeling well that's why I didn't go to training" Castiel answers without eye contact with Gabriel.
"No, Cas no, you did it. Even your voice can heal me. I like you so much Cas, and it makes me terrifying sometimes. Because I have never felt like this about anyone in my life" Dean said as he slowly pulled out from Castiel's chest to catch his eyes but his arms still wrapped around Castiel, and Castiel also hold him tightly.
"So class, I can see all of you got your partners. Very well. Now, this is how it's going to happen. I'm giving different, different assignments to all of the groups. And you gotta work together. I'm repeating it, You. Gotta. Work. Together. not only one partner does the whole project and share with the other one. Not this time" She insisted.
Castiel was having a very busy life working at a very popular company when he gets the call from his old friend Sam. Castiel was very keen to join with Sam as he joined the company after one week.
Castiel actually didn't say anything for Dean's early confession too. So he made a face like he was thinking. And Dean found that's so cute of him.
"By the way did you felt, son? You are so badly wet" Mary asked very sadly trying to wipe some dirt from his hair.
Cas frown. Oh that means Dean is not gonna join to game night, even though, last time Sam said that Dean won't be there but turned out he was there for the whole time. So how could he believe it this time? But it's Mary promising this time, so it would be true. Cas thought to himself.
Castiel looked away and laughed at that. His cheeks are burning and he couldn't be redder at that time.
"I don't know Becky, why don't you tell me about it, then I can go back to my workload here," Castiel said with a smile not wanting to hurt Becky but his heart already kinda hurting right now. Alright, it's ridiculous, right? He doesn't have to be upset because his coworker got Valentine's gift.
"No Charlie I'm okay" He answered and Charlie smiled back cupping his cheek and then she ran back after Dean.
"Dean this is amazing, it's really delicious. Thank you so much, Dean. I never thought you are this good at baking, wow"
And after few minutes they pulled out and Castiel opened the door and walked outside. Dean sighed and walked after him. And when Castiel going to open his car door suddenly he was pulled back as he yelped. But he understood he was being wrapped up with Dean's strong arms again as Castiel chuckled before melting into Dean's chest again. Castiel can be used to this.
"Mmmmm I want to cum in a different way my love, we should make it kinda fancy after all this is our first time isn't it honey? Mmmmmmm" Dean moans and leans to kiss Cas again with all tongue. licking his tongue and tasting himself. Dean's throbbing giant cock just hanging in the air, it nagging on Cas's hips. Cas shivers with the touch as cock is slick with his saliva and Dean's pre-cum.
“Don’t babe, forget it, I love my baby boy so much, I know you will never hurt me in desire, so we have to find out what happening to you, okay?” Cas says when he pulls out from the kiss.
"Um, Mary is that okay if I come over, I know I told you in the morning that we will arrange it anoth.."
Cas's legs are wobbly with fear as his body just swings towards Dean like a leaf. But Cas's brain- shock is starting to shade away as he can barely understand what's Dean going to do. Cas can't stop the fear as he starts to cry more.
"Mmm don't care, baby, I want to see and suck your beautiful tits today, no more resistance told you earlier"
Dean obviously saw the way the light of Cas's face gotten dark as soon as he turned around and saw Dean. And it's a really sad thing to see but It's okay, he will come around soon. Dean quickly hid his emotions.
Castiel just staring at him, didn't say anything. He gulped soundly. Castiel can remember the way he hugged Dean in the hospital that day. The way Dean soothed him hugging back him so tightly. That day Castiel didn't ask for Dean's permission. But Dean welcomed him into his hands like that's the most natural thing in the world. Like they used to do that for years. And Castiel perfectly fitted on those arms. Those strong, warm, and protective arms. Dean protected Castiel that day, he took care of him. Dean is a beautiful-hearted man and now when he got sick without no one around him, here he asking permission to get one hug from Castiel. What the hell. He didn't want to even ask for a hug. Castiel thought but he didn't understand that he should talk, or he should turn his thoughts into words. Otherwise, Dean can't understand what he was thinking.
"You fucking whore, you still fucking with him, aren't you bitch?” Dean growls and Cas felt like he is going to faint.
Dean's other arm protectively wrapped around Castiel's waist. Dean felt the unstable heartbeat of Castiel's when they stood there like that for another few minutes.
"Damn right I agree with you Dean, and hey nice job man you made him happy," Sam said to his brother and Gabe nodded at him.
"Cas, I'm asking only for one da" Dean stopped his mouth as they heard something dropped around somewhere so hard. Both of them gasped and looked at the reception table.
From that day they didn't see each other again and John managed to Enter Dean to a new school while he was crying he doesn't want to go to a new school and wanted to go to his old school with his best friend and wanted to join his football team. But John was still pissed and he made sure it will never happen.
"Pea..nmutss.... All..ergg...." Donna tried to talk but the sound came very weakly and wheezing sound. But Dean's seems like he understands what's happening as his eyes went wide.
"You know a loving one of mine, once said, "if you really want something, you have to show that you really want that" So... Here I am. Showing that I really want someone" Dean smirked as Castiel got blushed furiously.
"Ahem, yeah, yes of course, yes what is it, Mr.Zachariah?" Dean asked smoothly like he was giving his attention to the meeting for the whole time even he didn't have any idea what's going on.
"You know Cassie, nurses told me that the doctor who did my surgery was the best orthopaedist around and said some of my cousins arranged that, you know who is that?" Gabriel asked suddenly. Castiel's face lit with a proud smile. Dean saw it.
"Deeann? " Castiel's voice now a little bit shaking and Suddenly Dean stopped and pulled back a bit hurriedly.
And his beautiful majestic sparkling green eyes will looking into Castiel's eyes like he is trying to sinking into his soul.
And Castiel had helped lots of helpless families and homeless people. Castiel was real life, Angel. Dean sometimes thought that, is he deserved someone like Castiel. But Dean can become better for him, so Dean just falling more and more when he got to know more about Castiel.
"You are a... Aagh... shut up and come quickly" Cas says in a fake piss-out tone then he climbs out the bed.
"Well, maybe. but I really don't understand why did you get on that roof Gabriel, coz I got to know that it's very dangerous the roof you have climbed" Sam asked.
Castiel snapped his head to look at Sam like, he said something unbelievable. Because it's clearly a flirty line and Sam normally not flirt around. Dean chucked and Gabriel gasped dramatically.
“Me too Cas, cum for me babe… aah I’m right behind you” Dean groans and the next second Cas cries out as he comes with Dean’s name. He eventually clenches his tight rim around Dean’s cock as Dean lost his control.
"Ellen please, any progress? Will he awake any soon?" Queen Mary ask her royal healer and her best friend, Ellen.
Cas is getting ready for his evening bath. Few Omega servants came here and there supplying stuff Cas wants for his bath. Normally Cas prefer to do his stuff by himself. Sometimes he fills his bathing tub by himself. But today he feels so exhausting. So he let the servants do their job as he just waits until the bath is getting ready. And because today he decides to have a milk bath, the whole tub is now full of milk and flowers with a wonderful aroma.
"I've got you Cas, you are safe" Dean said softly. And then Dean understood that Cas is sleeping or fainted. His eyes got wide as he tried to see his face, which was now tightly pressed into his chest.
"Oh? Is that obvious that much? I mean that I brought this for my loved ones?" Okay, this man is crazy. What is this guy is even thinking? Castiel rolled his eyes.
Dean's eyebrows draw together like he has no idea what he is talking about and he shrugged his shoulders a bit and turned his neck to looked at what Castiel showing. And then he chuckled.
They stared at each other for few moments before Dean pulled Castiel into his chest, snaking his hands around Castiel's soft waist, hugging him tightly. Castiel gasped but quickly hugged back humming as the familiar warmth wrapped around him like a dream. Dean's scent always made him like living in a dream and made his heart filled in peace and protective feeling.
"Yeah but it's Valentine's Day and all you deserved is gifts, I can't help it, sweetheart. I know red is the common color of Valentine's Day and also red roses. But Cas, your eyes are the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen and I was falling for them since the first day I see you. So I'm kinda addicted to them and my favorite color is blue because of them. So I wanted to give something beautiful like these blue roses to the most beautiful person I have ever met. And something sweet for the sweetest person I ever know" Dean said and gave the blue roses bundle and chocolate box to Cas. Castiel's face was turned red as he blushed with those compliments.
"Oh Cas, she's saying that... Sam going to tell him the exact same thing Mary said but Cas's confused voice cut offed him.
" I don't want to talk with you Winchester or anyone of them, just let go of Kevin and we will be gone," Castiel said with a frown and a determined voice.
So after all the soldiers left his room Cas pads down to his bed and sits there, and then he remembers that he didn't complete his bath. But it must be getting cold now even though Cas decides to get a quick bath instead of enjoying it freely.
Dean's Alpha can't wait to bury deep inside of his Omega's wet, sloppy hole and knot him good and nice after fuck him to the mattress until he forgets about everything else. That was the plan before Cas's phone starts to ring. Cas ignores it as Dean quickly removes his pants taking out his big, cum leaking cock, not letting break the kiss.
"And Dean thank you for your amazing and best gifts and your thoughtfulness, it means a lot to me," Castiel said and Dean smiled with him.
"I'm sorry Castiel you can't leave yet, you have to wait here at least tomorrow. And how about you tell me the real answers this time, and it will help both of us" Nurse said with a kind smile.
What if she is correct? What if this started a mess that everything going to be ruined in big-time? His thoughts scared him for minutes. But then again his other part on the head popped up to conceal that thought.
"Oh my god, it's you, right? You... The kid who saved my life... What did they say your name ahh yes yes Clarence... It's you right?" Mary was overjoyed to see him.
"Happy Valentine's Day Sweetheart" Castiel could swear that Dean's eyes were filled with love. Only love. God this man. No one, NO ONE has done anything like this to him before. This much special treatment, care, love, passion. No one gave that to Cas ever. Dean is a huge businessman. He got a wide reputation. Hell, this is his brother's company building he was singing with a guitar on Valentine's Day like a lovesick teenager. And yet he did that for Castiel. That's why Castiel still can't believe this.
"Gabe, let me tell you something. Actually, I have a secret to tell you. But first, let me ask another question. And then give me some time to think. Because my head is kinda messed up right now. After I will tell you that secret, will you agree with that?" Castiel was going to never tell anyone what happened in his chambers last night. Still, he was able to convince all the soldiers to make it a Classified secret. But right now he understands he can't keep it to himself anymore and he needs some help with those answerless questions he got.
Minutes after Castiel slowly pulls off, but Dean followed his lips unable to resist the urge to kiss him more. Then Castiel pressed a peck on his lips smiling with him.
"Leave me, Alastair I'm gonna show this little fucker what I really want to do now, I want to hit his fucking face until it can't recognize anymore" Dean yelled trying to get rid of them.
Dean keeps shouting and banging on the door making Cas shocking every time. Cas doesn't understand what to do. He can understand that no one can control Dean like this. He is like a wild animal.
"Cas, how did you even, wow unbelievable, I thought you said you don't know me?" Dean asked in a very surprising voice and getting out "I'm the Batman shirt".
"You know I'm really lucky to have a friend like you" Castiel mumbled staring at Dean's eyes. And Dean stared back into his favorite blues of Castiel's.
"Well Dean do you have anything to say to save yourself now," Alastair asked after watching the clip with others. His voice Cruraly happy and teasing.
"Okay I promise Cas, and, and this means I have a chance? Cas will you go out with me? One date Cas?"
"God Mr. Winchester for a second I was going to pepper spray you" Castiel glared at him and Dean burst out laughing at that.
When Dean visiting Sam's office he always makes sure to visit Castiel's office room too. Hell, that's his main mission obviously. And talk with Castiel and try to give some hints, of course, whole-time flirting and staring at his lips like crazy.
Castiel never accepted the gifts though, besides that one day which he had to accept because he can't let the Miracle, now his puppy, go back to that pet shop again. That's why he accepted it. And other day, Dean's first gift which he sends to Castiel's house. But it's not counting as Castiel accepted it. He said to himself.
Since he got on the car Castiel was in Awe. He couldn't resist the awesomeness of the Impala and he never thought that he could ever ride this.
"Oh Dean, I have to apologize for something, I'm sorry for being rude earlier when you call me, I just having a really bad, and weird day and was a bit angry with myself, and it's an unknown number and I got angrier. And I put it on you, I'm sorry, didn't mean that" Castiel said looking at Dean with apologies way.
"Okay, so your boyfriend aware of you and me?" now Dean was being ridiculous. He kinda wanted to act like they got something big between him and Cas.
"But to be honest he was trying to hide something just like Mom mentioned before, I don't know actually what it is" Sam added.
"No Mary it's not a problem, I'm glad that you came" Okay now where are these coming from Castiel? He never wanted to say that, it's eventually coming out, yeah because that's the truth. How much Castiel wanted to be alone, be invisible to the whole world, he hated to be so. He was just a kid who lives like an orphan mostly. So he also craving for any company but he never had those.
Dean's gaze was on Cas's lips and then on Cas's eyes. Cas gulped looking down at Dean's lips but no one did not dare to move. Dean was dying to kiss those lips. Lick them just as much as he wants but he didn't want to scared Cas. He still didn't know if Cas is ready yet, so Dean didn't want to push him. Because of that Dean had to control his desire and hold him from leaning on and Kiss those plump waiting lips. And then Dean broke the staring contest and clapped his hands.
Castiel's every problem solved. His face lit by seconds. Oh god, Dean didn't done with him. He is not calling him to say bye bye. Oh god. And now Castiel can see clearly around him. No more blurry eyes and ears. No more half working brain as his anger gone now. He can sense again everything like a normal person without a range. Without being angry, jealous high school girlfriend. Finally. And then it's hit him.
"It just slipped out, that's all nothing to worry Gabe" Castiel answered and Gabriel gave him a suspicious look but didn't asked about it further.
Dean, Charlie, Jo, Adam, Benny, and Grath were at their usual table, eating and laughing with each other as they didn't know what's going around them. But suddenly Benny saw Castiel on the other side and watched carefully.
"What do you think happen to him, Sam?" Benny gives a fearful face when finally they put Dean on a temporary bed they used in the camp.
"Okay, that's really good Cas. But you don't want to worry about anything now okay?, I'm also here for you" Dean said giving him a smile.
"Dean, I just came to get you to hospital. Please don't be stubborn let me take you to the hospital right now" Castiel pleaded again.
"Actually not yet, but I think I should start studying as soon as possible," He said with a sly grin on his face.
"I'm sorry Lisa but definitely there is someone who Distracted me more than anyone else" Dean yelled back. But who? He asked himself who the fuck was there take his attention over a hot fuck? Dean didn't want to dig it out so he got in the car and drew home with heavy heart and mind. You are totally fucked up Winchester. Totally fucked up.
"Cas c'mon man give me a chance, I'm really, really sorry, I will do anything to make it up to you," Dean asked again.
"What, of course I am a single man. Like.. I don't know, like forever?. I didn't remember the last time I dated someone"
"God, Cas calm down, no one attacks your kingdom, and come again with your questions one by one, then I can answer them" Dean smirks.
"Now give me a kiss because I'm already late for the meeting Dean," Cas says before pulling Dean into a chaste kiss and quickly pulls away making Dean pout again.
"God, Omega can you please stop wiggling your back like that, your perfect royal omega ass is making me crazy down there," Dean says with a hoarse and rough voice as Cas quickly stop his squirm.
Dean didn't know what to do now, it seems like Azazel is so determined to his plan to get success. But Dean couldn't lose this chance to play this match. However, he thought he will try more to figure out another way as he went to his car for killing time for college to begin. He cursed the whole football team. He was angry really angry. Then he saw few Beer bottles laying on the back of the seat and he grabbed one. He opened it and sipped it with quick gulps. It's was too early to get drunk but he wanted that right now.
"You god damn idiot what do you think you are doing" John was firing and his eyes were shining with anger, Dean recognized that but he had any clue what's wrong with that.
Cas Sweetheart - //yeah, yeah. So Dean seriously, you should go back to your meeting, right? How about you give me a call after your meeting?//
“Hey, I wanna taste you baby” Dean complains but Cas doesn't listen to him as he palms his lover's hardening member.
It takes a while for Cas to explain to his Co-manager Balthazar, that he can't come office today as he was taking his annual leaves after working a full long week without taking a break. and besides, his heat is also due this week so he definitely should take this leave. He tries hard to deny the cancellation of his leave. But unfortunately, he has to let it go and agreed to the beg of his co-manager Balthazar, as he promised to come to office as soon as possible.
"Charlie messaged me in the afternoon man," Sam said as Dean understood that Sam thinking that he is in Charlie's home right now. Not a wonder as it's pretty late at night now.
Dean snapped at the door at that same moment to find out Cas was standing there with horror in his eyes. Dean never expected to see him right now or right here, and honestly, he didn't know why he was going to attack this kid, as he just stared at Cas when his heart pounded uneasy way.
Whatever happened Castiel was always excited to see Dean's gifts even he turned down every one of them. Sometimes Castiel can't believe how Dean's every gift turned out Castiel's favorite things. Everything happened to be Castiel's most favorite things. First, he suspected that there must be a traitor in the office who was telling about his favorite things to Dean. Maybe Donna, just like she gave his address to Dean for sending the Roses other day. (As Castiel suspecting her)
"Right now I need all of your help to heal my price right now, I Sudddest you to take my queen to her chambers and both of you get some rest while prince Sam helping me here. I promise if any progress occurs you will be the first to summon here"
Cas stays still for a minute then glances at the clock, it's 4 AM. Cas’s face lighting with a beautiful smile. Its already a new day, Dean was right, nothing happened, the three days are over. Cas smiles again and pushes his ass to Dean’s hard erection, and starts to rub over the cock. Dean is also pushing his hips to Cas’s ass.
It was always good when he did running, he can feel the burning of his mussels. The sweet pain on his things. The way sweat rolled down his whole body and skin in thick, salty beads. he could feel his heart throbbing inside his chest.
"Cas what are you talking about? Why do you insult me like this? What have I did to you? I mean, I know I teased you the other day, but it's all because you are mine, my omega" Dean pleads and Cas pushes his dagger a bit harder Dean's throat as the shiny tip of the dagger barely split Dean's first skin causing a tiny blood drain flow through it.
He wanted to throw this stupid sandwich away but then his stomach started to growling hard remembering him that he didn't eat anything for a long time. Castiel sighed and slowly closed the sandwich to his nose.
"Oh sure Anna, I was going to get some lunch, but I can go back to my office and sign those papers for you if it's urgent," Castiel said already walking towards his office again.
"What? What the hell Dean? You told me that... Arrr you know what, leave it. You are unbelievable. Just let me and my friend stay alone, can you please leave us at least?" Sam asked and Dean grinned.
after sometimes I would be gone, don't worry" Dean said and before Sam starts to bitching about it, Dean left the room quickly.
"Shut up Sam, I didn't do anything, I just tried to help him. Just look at him. He is unconscious. And I didn't do anything but also I still don't know what happened to him. Believe me, I'm totally innocent in this time" Dean yelled angrily. But worried when Cas started to breathe uneasy against his chest.
"Seriously? Mr. Winchester, you were here yesterday at exactly the same time and we were talking just like this yesterday, in right here" He said politely as much as he could, without showing his anger.
Sometimes he opened Sam's curtains in the morning when he comes to put the coffee because he believed morning sunshine will help to make the morning mood better. This entire time he was singing, shaking his hips, and obviously didn't notice the man who sat on the chair in front of Sam's chair. The room was filled with a bit of darkness earlier but now it's totally filled with morning light after Castiel opens the curtains. and now the man can see Castiel's round and bubble ass which was Castiel shaking with his singing. The man was covering his mouth tightly to stopping his laughter but never got off his eyes on this strange guy.
Teddy was sat on the cement bunt in front of the garden and Castiel sure teddy must definitely higher than him. Hell, right now teddy was sitting but still he taller than Castiel. And teddy was a huge, giant one. Castiel's face completely flushed with embedded and tint of anger.
“God Dean, I’m not, I didn't, geez, I didn’t betray you, never, please stop this, you are hurting me, let me go, Dean, please…”
"Hey by the way how did you know that I'm allergic to kittens, looks like someone secretly interesting in me? Are you stalking me, Castiel Novak?" Dean smirked at him.
Dean said with a very sad and afraid tone because he knew his best friend is in pain, he didn't want Cas to be in pain. He tried to pull Castiel's hand to see his face, then Cas slowly took off his hands and Dean was shocked and was about to cry when he saw Castiel's face.
"Dean.. Stop dreaming about that" Cas says with a fake angry voice as Dean grins again. Cas slowly touches Dean's cock. Dean gasps and lifts his hips like he is fucking into Cas's hand.
"Tell me, baby? Tell me you don't need this? That you don't want me to do that?" Dean groans as Cas shivers.
"And I can't understand why don't you ever fight to get what you want, you just waiting and watching until the things you love slipping through your hands. Never trying to have it, you so scared Cassie"
Castiel wanted to glare at him but he only managed to huff at him, a mix of sob and laugh. Weird kind of sound.
"Yeah? So you want to be my friend after all these years? Right? Ok, fine. So let's be friends. Then what? Huh," Cas asked shoving his hands in the air.
"I really want to say something to you right now, but I don't want to scare you, so I holding it to myself for right now, but at least I want to say that, I like you so much" Dean's voice came hoarse and strong. Like he really meant that.
"Finally Dean slowly pulled out only to see Castiel's face. Castiel's eyes were closed peacefully as he was hugging Dean for dear life. And he is still not let go of Dean.
But Dean didn't see the way Azazel's eyes widen with the simple incident. He was a man like a fox. Most likely a hyena. Very like to dragging the dirty garbage of people also never leave his effort if he thought that he wants to find something or do something. So Dean never knew that Azazel was planing to know about Dean and Castiel's past friendship. Because he saw the way both of their reaction when they saw each other last day and the way both of them staring at each other, the way Dean touched Castiel, the way Dean got anxious when he noticed Azazel and the way left Castiel, and today he obviously cut off Castiel. Ok, interesting.
The moment Dean and Castiel get along in the dining room Castiel felt a small shiver ran through his whole body. Damn who thought He and his enemy will take dinner together at one freaking table like this. It's like a nightmare.
Dean grabbed Castiel's collar and shoved him into the nearest wall. Castiel felt a pain in his back because he was already feeling that he is going to faint anytime. But he stayed strong.
There was a Doctor who walked toward them very fast and the nurses and attendants were running with him beside him telling something to the doctor.
"Mom, tell me how you feel now?, how did this happen?, who the fuck did this to you mom?, I'm gonna kill that bastard" Dean gritted his teeth as he remembered the bastard whoever hit Mary with their vehicle.
To be honest Cas always loved and craved for someone to be with him, some friends to hanging out with the whole of his life but right now all he wanted is to be alone.
"Gabe you think it's funny? God I got a shock of my life, I have never seen you like that" Castiel said almost crying and Gabriel's smiley face changed into an emotional.
"Actually Mr. Winchester it still hurts everywhere but feeling better than before," Gabriel said smiling at him.
When Dean saw Cas next time, it really pisses off him again. Cas was leaning on his locker when that Alfred guy was next to him telling some shit into his ear. And seems like Cas enjoying that because he was blushing and smiling at that.
He has never seen his Alpha brother like this. Dean is the most giant, strong, powerful, and greatest Alpha of their pack, and the whole of their kingdom. Dean is their greatest warrior. No one has seen him like this.
"Cas, hey, hey, talk to me, are you okay? Tell me how can I help you to get rid of it before it started. Cas, talk to me buddy, please. Let me help you" Dean begged but Cas didn't give any attention to him as he tried to find his headset. Finally, he found it with shaking hands but before he connected it to his phone, another lightning flashed across the sky as the light came through the window, following that another huge thunder hit and even the whole house shook with the power of it. Cas lost his control and last strength. his brain started to shut down with fear. He didn't know what's happened to him as he started to fall down but before that very strong and warm hands grabbed him and Cas can felt he was pulled into a warm chest. And he can feel a nice smell, like apple pie. Everything was gone blurred. He can only hear a fading voice.
"My mommy always giving me kisses when I got hurt anywhere, and she says it will heal with the kiss," Cas said and smiled with Dean as he shared a hugely important thing with his best friend.
"Yeah that's right, and how about you, you ready for the exams?" Benny questioned furrowing his forehead.
This boy is kinda very hard to understand. Yesterday morning he acted pissed off over Cas, then again last night he was good to him. And here again today he is extra soft with him. What's he want from me? Cas wanted some serious answers for that but he wasn't brave enough to ask it from Dean as he didn't bother to say another word.
"I will, and these foods are really delicious, it's feeling like home, I mean foods are amazing" He praised her.
"Okay, stop your pathetic crying, kids. You are not children anymore, c'mon grow up and face the reality like grown men and women. Besides I know you can do other things like grown men and women" She added sarcastically, giving them a hard look. But the whole class started to laugh at that.
But Dean smirks and leans down toward now very opened, dripping wet with juice, delicious smelling pussy. It's fully shaved but still can see the dark brown hair a bit. Its pink juicy lips now a bit open and showing Cas's slit beautifully. The hole is too tight and Dean's mouth-watering Unstoppably and he licks his lips for the hundredth of time. And making it worse the smell is so delicious and makes Dean go crazy.
"Castiel? Sweetie, please don't cry son, you think you want to go to the hospital? I mean I know that was a panic attack but at any point, if you want to"
Cas really got surprised with Dean's behavior. What the hell he is trying to prove that he has really changed. He can't understand that, but right now the only thing he wants is, to go back home. So after few minutes, he grabbed his backpack and said bye to Sam. But as usual, the giant kid pulled him into a hug, and Cas smiles melting into the hug. And that exact moment Dean came to the living room to see their hug. His eyes filled with hurt, face still dark, and suddenly he looked away from them when Sam pulled out of the hug.
"No really, you are very easy to talk and every second I talk with you made me happy and thank you for your kindness over me, you are a really nice guy, I'm not sugar-coating you here though, I'm just saying how I feeling right now"
"Oh then it's good, so you wanna join me for lunch Anna?" Castiel offered a friendly way because he could use some human-to-human time after all.
Dean slowly followed him until they passed the students' area and walked quickly to catch him before he going into the library.
"It's okay Sam, I know you are a very good person just like your mom, so it's really fine," Castiel said bit a shy tone.
"Yes, I knew my mind is not completely unuseful. Cassie, you know what is my last memory with this word?"
“Son of a bitch, is she alright please tell me she is okay, please, please tell me she’s doing okay now, oh god please”
Dean just glanced over that and licked his lips unconsciously just like every time he did when he was around Castiel.
"Don't worry boys, we will figure out something soon. I don't think that he was able to fuck that nerd yet, and I don't think he ever will" Alastair finally said with an evil smile on his face.
"God, coach no more practice, please, this is enough for today, please" He whined and Dean started to laugh loudly. Alastair also fell to the ground besides Michael glaring at Dean.
When they came back to their cars after visiting time over, Dean was in deep thinking and Castiel noticed that.
"Dean... Please we can't, you can't" Cas cries but Dean presses another heated kiss on Cas's creamy cheeks, then another one on his sharp jaw.
"I'm fine too son, and it's fine, actually I called you yesterday for a little invite," Mary said hoping Castiel will not be afraid of that.
Alastair smirked at him " Hell yeah, but not a surprise, he was always a shitty faggot " Then he laughed.
Kevin is a very smart kid but always ended up having trouble because he never fights back when someone trying to bullying him. He was trying to run to his class before the exam starts as he never saw the football team sat and chatting and having fun. they were messing around the students who passed by them and make jokes on them, specifically hitting and flirt with hot girls.
"Oh Cas you got some souse there, let me," Dean said and put his thumb over the corner of Castiel's bottom lip and slowly wiped out the source there. And quickly took it to his lips and sucked his thumb. Castiel gasped at that.
Cas begs but Dean grabs Cas's shoulders tightly and pushes him down to the bed carefully. Not wanting to hurt his lover as Cas falls onto his back and Dean hovers over him pinning him to the bed.
He scared the thought if Dean understands that too. But Dean only grinned at him from the side of the bouquet.
"oh God Cas, aah feel so fucking good babe, yeah ride my thick cock. Mmmhhhaa yeah just like that" Dean said a he was so lost.
"Oh hello Mr. Winchester, I didn't recognize you. Seems like you are going to surprise your girlfriend" Castiel said but he can practically see the jealousy and bitterness of his own words.
He heard a door close sound and the sound of the nurse's steps. Castiel slowly walked towards the Room he noticed before. He waited a second before open the door he got a deep breath then slowly open the door to cursing himself for doing this. But his curiosity and kindness towards the patient make him feel he is doing the right thing. The second he opened the door, Mary looked at him then her eyes made a questionable look.
"Mary I hope you will not misunderstand after I saying this part, but if you want me to go and never even talk to you after this, I can understand and that's totally fine, I mean you guys already gave me a lot, so I want you to know.."
"Really? Are you sure, coz MY CAS will never ask me something like that, he will kick my ass if I ever try to give him any kind of gift in a moment like this"
"Well, I really wanted a perfect picture, you know. You are in that tank crop top and planting those seeds in your garden. Mmm, what a yummy thing to watch" Dean actually wished if he can see that scene.
"Dean Dean Dean, c'mon man. You don't need to be rude like that, I was going to giving you a chance to fuck that kid, as I know you can't keep it yourself, you just want to ruin the kid, aren't you now De.." Azazel couldn't have time to finish as Dean jump and punched on his face so hard. Alastair and Raphael grabbed Dean yelling to stop. Azazel touched his bleeding lips and spat.
Castiels' voice was very weak. His face was flushed and redden with the cry and pain also it made worse, causing his plump split lips and the bloody line there.
Dean runs his fingertips around the nipples and pinches them. Squeeze them, fold them, making Cas yelps. But Dean is still not satisfied with the touch as he starts to begging again, keep licking his lips unconsciously.
"Sam, actually this is my first sleepover. I mean when I was a child I never had a chance for this, and after that, you know what happened to us, so I should thank you for inviting me like this" Cas said looking at his palm on his lap.
"Why? Look I don't have time for some dramas okay? I just agreed to give you a ride to your house, that's it" Dean protested.
Both of them go to meet their family Doctor, Balthazar. Cas told the full story to the Doctor, as he creases his forehead.
"Yeah? Love? Gabe c'mon tell me who ended up being happy with love? Huh? No one? You do love, then you ended up with a broken heart that's how it worked" Castiel stated.
"Okay, Mr. No fun and date hater. your wish is my command" Dean said while Castiel chuckled at that softly.
"I lied okay? I mean, I just said what you wanted to hear that time" Cas said after cutoff Dean again.
Mary and Sam shared a little knowing smile when they heard the word pie. Castiel tilted his head a bit and looked at Mary.
Soon after came back to college after one year, he never wanted to try twice on a chick who he wanted to date. He is a popular guy in college even after a year. His handsome face, easy-going attitude, also his roughness and his Winchester charming were enough to girls to get crazy about him. He never dated one girl for more than two weeks. But never be an asshole to any girl. and girls also never complain about him, they knew Dean Winchester will never fall for them but they just want to get a chance that's it. But anyhow Dean is also popular for womanizer. Sometimes he just kinda like it. That's why he just wink and give the most unique, beautiful, and popular Winchester Smirk and smile when someone mentioned about it. So now, not at the time, right now he didn't have any mood for ladies. He was done with the shit tonight.
"Coach already said to Michael to consider the team changes, Michael is the one who propose the team for next big game. So if you win this bet Michael going to put your name to the list. Man that's your biggest chance. You know how hard you playing this few months you can't jump in to the list, because you are new to the team after the absence of the year. As lot's of players names are there above you. They are also good like you. You know that.and also we know how much this football match important to you.so this is your only chance Dean. Azazel said and Michael agreed saying that is true.
"No, I'm not going to sit here with you, at the same table, I'm not stupid that much, now leave my hands" Castiel pulled his hands back but they are started to hurting too because Dean's grip is too tight.
"Hmm I feel a bit of relief Dean. because At least I know that the surgery is going on right now and he is the best doctor. And he practically promised you that Gabriel is gonna be okay" Castiel said with soft eyes. His face was pale and now he was like a patient too. Like he is gonna faint anytime.
"Yes of course Clarence. She is now passed the dangerous state and we hope she will become a better situation soon. But doctors said that actually, her life saved by you. Actually by two ways"
Those blue eyes shining with pure laugh whatever that little fucker murmuring to his ears. Castiel and that boy named Alfred or Alfer or something like that. They were going out of the class. That fucker was all over Castiel and telling something to his ears. What the fuck? Castiel isn't deaf. Why can't they just talk normally?
"Okay listen, I'm not going to hurt you. okay? I thought you already know that. But seems like you still don't know. Anyway, I'm not here to attack you or your kingdom. I just wanted to see you, see my beautiful Omega" Dean says very serious voice, and his face covers with emotions. His green eyes shining with hope.
Dean kept checking on his watch hoping maybe this director gathering will ending by Monday, not dragging to Tuesday too. But unfortunately, they all decided that they should discuss more and definitely they have to participate tomorrow too. As the boss, Dean can't act unprofessionally and disagree with that. So finally he agreed to the decision and concentrating on the meeting properly this time.
Instead of stay in a room like a princess, he always wanted to be a soldier. And the day he finally gets permission to be a soldier, he has sworn on his life to behave and stay pure and clean. Because even he became the most beautiful male omega Angel in the kingdom, he has that royal warrior blood inside him. so he trained since he was a child even every royal captain are disagreeing and disapproved of his actions. But finally, he became a soldier after that oath, to protect his purity for the sake of the kingdom, until the day, the king decides and chooses the Alpha husband for him. So because of that, Cas even can't think about a random Alpha like this. But hell, Cas just got his first kiss from an Alpha, other than his family. And a strong Alpha hand on his ass. And just as Gabriel said, it's a wonder how he didn't kill that Alpha right there. But he didn't do that and here he is thinking about that very Alpha, on his bed. Cas sighs trying to get some sleep but then here is that strange feeling again. Like someone is looking at him. But this time Cas didn't bother to check his room as he knows there is no one in his chamber. So he closes his eyes slowly even his instincts keep telling him that he is wrong.
"I know that Mr. Winchester. I know you are a good person. But I told you already you aren't the problem, it's me. I'm the problem. So I'm sorry, I really can't, I'm so sorry" With that Castiel stormed out of the door and ran to his Car.
Dean Whispered and that's how Castiel noticed how close they were standing there. Dean's face not far from his face and their chests almost touching. And Castiel's whole body went shivered when he noticed that Dean's one hand resting on his waist. What the hell he thinks he is doing, Castiel thought and shoved off his hand from him.
He closed his eyes and focus on cleaning the dirt out of his body and hair. He got the shower quickly as possible. Damn everything smells like Dean. Everything remembering him. Cas closed his eyes again. This is a mistake. He shouldn't come into this bathroom. Shit. He curses and quickly got the towel Sam offered him.
Dean quickly presses a peck on Cas's lips before untying the ribbon of Cas's silky frock bottom. Slowly opens it to see the most beautiful thing ever. A light pink color lace panties covering his precious vagina. The royal Angelic vagina of his lover's. There is a huge wet point directly in front of Cas's pussy hole.
Okay, that's not nice. 1. He called Castiel sweetheart, how dare he. And 2. He caught Castiel trying to stop his laughter. Castiel's cheek getting blush and he couldn't able to hide it how much he tried.
But next second Cas's phone starts to ringing again and Cas opens his eyes to sneak into it. He moans before the breaking kiss.
Dean never expected something like that. If you asked a few days back, Dean was the last person who believes 'love in first sight' or about 'soulmates' and 'true mates'. He would laugh his ass off if someone brings that in a week ago, but right now he is a mess and madly in love with his Omega, his true mate, as Dean sees it right now. But the thing he really can't understand is, why Cas keep rejecting their bond like this.
"Yeah, I'm... Um, I'm fine Mary, it just ahem. Actually, I'm living here with my brother at the moment" He barely completed and smiled weakly then he saw Sam had finally stopped drinking his tea and was looking at them above his teacup.
"No, I said I don't want your pity. Just for the god sake leave me alone and don't try to prank me ever again, and don't try to stop me right now" With that Castiel walked away from Dean, but this time he didn't stop him. Because he knew he can't stop Castiel forever. Dean had to think more. To be honest, Dean did so much worse to that innocent kid. so he must tried a bit harder. Dean started to think harder and harder but he only can hear Castiel's words again and again.
"Are you blind now faggot? Can't you see around? Is that why you walking around like a fucking idiot" Dean yelled as he was so pissed at him right now. Everything happened because of him. Dean hated him more than anything else.
“What? Babe, are you sure you okay? my god babe, you are shaking. What's going on? here come to me” Dean Puts another step nervously holding his hands for Cas but Cas starts yelling at him.
"No mom, I didn't but when I went to the college yesterday I heard there is another re-examination and I'm planning to sit for it, so you don't wanna worry about that mom," Dean said with a reassurance voice.
1. Castiel yelped and turned around to see who opened the door without knocking because he was half-naked right now.
"Hey Cas, you made it, come inside, I'm glad you came man" Sam welcomed Cas happily pulling him inside the house. Cas gave him a nervous smile.
Dean caught off by that as he staring at Sam in disbelief. Sam was right. He isn't a friend of Cas. But he was before, a long time ago. Hell, he was Cas's first best friend. Dean wanted to argue, but he can't. He didn't want to bring unnecessary details here, especially right now when Cas is in a difficult situation. So he took it as his time to back off. He hesitantly let Sam remove Cas from his body. Cas flinched a bit with his sleep but didn't wake up when Sam took his head onto his shoulder.
Castiel shouted and sit on the bed, he was shaking and crying. He can still feel the cold in his vines. His whole body was covered with sweat. he just tried to breathe in and out slowly to a rhythm. He started to sobbing slowly. He can't get rid of those nightmares ever. Every day he was suffering from it. He stayed on the bed because he didn't want to go to college it's Saturday. He stayed until his mind is ready for thinking far away from his nightmare. then he figured out he needed something to eat something when he pulled on his pajama pants, they are getting huge for him now. Great, he is getting skinny Because he had used to skip eating and lots of his meals. He sighed and opened the fridge to get something to eat. Awesome there is nothing to eat besides a few spoiled veggies and expired milk carton. He checked the cupboard and luckily his Chocolate Cereal was there, but only a few spoons. But it was satisfied right now. So he figured out that he needs to go shopping for groceries now. Actually, he didn't get any groceries after Gabriel visited two weeks ago. So he ate quickly it without milk. And get ready to go to the shop.
Saw was impatient. He was so excited for their sleepover as he just checked everything is alright. He ordered some pizzas, checked the fridge to make sure that they have got enough cola, and took out few popcorn packers from storage. He quickly cleaned his room even it's already neat and clean. And he changed his bed covers and put on a new one. He planned to invite Cas to share the bed with him, after all, they are best friends, so it's not a problem.
"um and then I just ruined your lunch, so I wanted to do something about it" Dean added, afraid that Cas might stand up and run away from him.
"That was a black car and it never stopped after it hit this poor woman, but fortunately I write down the number plate and will give it to the ambulance when it comes"
"Okay Kid hurry, getting in we can check you while we going to the hospital if everything okay you can donate blood as soon as possible"
Cas knows what Dean is asking for, he also needs that but he can't, for Angel's sake he can't, not yet, not now, he can't get a risk. They were in a middle of a war. Everything is dangerous right now.
"Hey look who finally come back. Hey Winchester welcome back, we kinda miss you" Alastair yelled when he saw Dean coming to them.
The minutes Castiel spend with Dean, he also got to know about Dean more. That, the funny, kind, crazy, and smart side of Dean. So who knows what will happened next. Because when it comes to Christmas, always happen Merry things. so Dean waited to happen Merry things to him too.
Dean was seen red because his Dad's every word was right. This fucker is just came into his life after years, it's only two days and here he is. Surrounded by the whole college and just barely stopping the rumors about going everywhere as he is Gay. Shit. His reputation, his dream to play in the football team. To be a man that he wanted his Dad to be proud of. Fuck this faggot is going to ruin everything.
"Alfie, what's wrong with y...." He stuck with his words when he saw who's that. And of course, it wasn't Alfie.
"Oh is that so, my bad" Castiel said while carried two teacups. The whole living room filled with an amazing herbal aroma as Sam's eyes go high.
Why it so hurts? Obviously, I've deserved it. Cas will never trust me to tell his secrets to me, and it's fair when looking back at my past but still, it's hurting to know that he is rejected me like that. Dean thought.
Cas felt like an arrow going through his heart. Did Dean get a new girlfriend? Because he didn't saw him with a girl for a few weeks now. But who knows how many girlfriends he screwed every day after college. Cas signed trying to forget about that detail. And then it's hit him. If Dean isn't home, there is no reason for him to say no, so he can say yes to the hangover. Besides if Dean is going to screw a girl tonight, why just can't have a little fun with his best friend for the first time in his horrible life. Hell yes, he should go for it, even it's still a little bit hard to concentrate on hanging out with someone who is not his brother, but it's Sam and he will manage. Cas thought like that before he messaged back Sam saying that he agreed to a sleepover.
Holly shit I'm in a hospital. His mouth was gone dry as he eyed the hospital gown he was wearing. This must be a complicated one otherwise if this was a normal day-to-day checkup on the hospital they didn't dress me in this hospital gown. His head started to pound harder. He wanted to know is this the same hospital he was in the morning. But why he is in here in the first place, what happened to him, oh, yes those douchebags beated him like shit, and then the last thing he saw was Dean. His face... His face was no happy for what they have done to me. But why? Oh.. wait? After all of this, he did to you, you still think about him. Awesome Castiel, awesome.. what an idiot. He fought himself for his stupidity. Okay after the beating what happened?,  maybe I should have passed out.
Holy crap Castiel? Dean could not believe what was he seen as he forgot that he was driving. So he turned his neck to see Castiel who passing by the car. With that he witnessed a nice bubble ass of Castiel's, tightening in his tight runner Short.
//Cassie is everything okay? Didn't hear anything from you since yesterday morning. I'm thinking about coming over this weekend. Hope my minions can run the bakery one day without me, so let's meet up soon baby bro. Love ya//
"Oh we heard that he had been passed out more than a necessary time then taken to the hospital, after that no hearing about him, who cares, fucking nerd" Uriel answered shrugging his shoulders.
Castiel knew Kevin can't deal with these assholes. A few weeks ago they had beat Kevin shit out of him and he knew Kevin can't take it anymore. Castiel can't let anything happen to him. Kevin was still in the corner like a rat. Then Castiel saw that all of the bullies eye aimed at him and not to Kevin.
Cas gasps when he feels Dean’s lips snakes lower and lower to his hardening cock which still aching inside his short boxer brief. Dean gave a hot wet kiss on top of the head of Cas’s hardening cock over the clothes without taking it out. He put his hand on his lover's waistband to pull it down but Cas pats Dean’s hand and flips them both to the other side as Dean lays there on his back.
"Aww Angel, you don't have to, it's okay, really okay," Dean said with shining happy eyes. He was definitely on cloud nine as he knows that Castiel cares about him a lot.
"Oh" Is that the only thing Castiel said and looked at him with a surprised face. Because he kinda felt relief and an easy feeling about this guy here for the first time since he crashed here.
"Sam, tell him that he is not a friend of mine anymore," Mary said but Sam gave her a face like please don't make him upset.
Dean walked through the hall when he sees him. Cas was leaning back against the wall outside of his morning class, his backpack was slung over one shoulder as he was reading a book.
"Yeah, yeah... So how are your studies, Sammy? You doing good right?" Dean asked. Now that's not a surprise though. Dean normally didn't forget to check on Sam's studies and school stuff as he always offered help to his little brother. So Sam didn't found this is another thing to surprise as he just shrugged not getting his eyes from the novel.
Dean slowly moved his cock and then Cas remembered that Dean never pulled out and his cock still inside him.
"There, seems like finally he starts dating someone" Benny pointed out nodding in the direction where Cas and Alfie standing near the cafeteria. Dean quickly glanced over there and his heart started to beat fast with the anger he felt. Um, excuse me? The Anger? But why?
"Cas.. I can't unders.." Dean starts but interrupts by Cas, as he grabs Dean's hand and puts it on his flat stomach. Cas's eyes are wide.
"Cas, hey, hey, talk to me, are you okay? Tell me how can I help you to get rid of it before it started. Cas, talk to me buddy, please. Let me help you" Dean said finally, but Cas just plugged his earphones into his phone but before he put it into his ears, another huge thunder blast off.
But hey, the kid got kinda fair point. Dean was his first and most loveable kiss when he last checked by the way. Of course, they were kids, but he still can feel Dean's lips, how much love and care filled in that kiss. So he got kinda right for fall him.
Cas has never get scared like that in his whole life even he is a great warrior. His eyes go wide mouth hang opens and his heart misses its beat. He is second behind to yell for the guards but his mouth shut by a strong hand.
But whenever Dean come close to him, his poor heart skipped beating and he went all sweaty. Castiel knew his limits, he knew who's Dean Winchester is. It's true that Castiel had a pathetic and huge crush on Winchester but not now, not after all those things he went through. Not after the things Dean did to him. Not after Dean hit him twice to admit in the hospital. Castiel can still remember the bitter taste of the medicine he had to drink. And obviously, Dean showed him his limits, his status. Dean had said a lot of bad things to him, a lot of insults even Castiel can't listen to them without crying. Dean did a lot of physical and mental damages to him, so NO. NO more crushes over that asshole. But to Castiel's unfortunate, he still can't tear his gaze from Dean, when he is not seeing him staring. And for his anger, he still can't forget about how they were being so close as best friends a few years back. Somehow those memories stuck in his head as good memories even Castiel wanted to forget about everything related to Dean. And still in deep down inside his heart, there was a huge space that Castiel knew no one can fill but only one person. The one person Castiel can never have and never even think of. So Castiel did his best to buried his stupid feelings over Winchester. Because he knew that's the only way he can survive his sad and alone college life.
"Take it Cas, it's for you, I added extra sugar though, a bit sweeter for a sweet guy," Dean said slowly and held a smoking coffee mug towards Cas. But Cas hesitated as he didn't take it from him.
So, No. He wasn't going to do that again. Cas didn't trust Dean for a bit. But he trusted Sam. That's why he said it to Sam last night. But not to Dean. And why'd Dean asked about that? It's not his business.
Dean waited until Castiel entered the house and closed the door before drove off. And he shouldn't do that. But he wanted to. I have done so many wrong things. Time to fix one by one now, but I'm afraid that eventually, I'm going to make this worse because of that freaking Bet. But now I have no choice besides going to it. Dean thought on his way home.
Cas runs his thumb over Dean’s cock slit and collects all the precome that had to leak out. He swirls his tongue around the top of the cock head and the next second he took the whole cock inside his mouth and sucks it like a lollypop.
"Dude, no. I'm not. How many times do I have to tell you that I'm done with that? I'm not going to do anything against Cas, just don't judge me every freaking second" Dean burst out.
"Yeah okay let's go I'm coming with you" Charlie also stood with her then glared at Dean who smirked at his best friend.
"" If I really wanted to kill you, you will never live this much longer, but remember I'm not a barbaric Alpha like that, who go around killing people. I only fight with the real enemies, who hurt my people, who hurt innocent people in any race ""
"No, no please wait for Cas, I don't know what you going to say but just let me finish what I planned for today. Please" Dean burst out and quickly unlocked his car. Then he opened his door and brought out a beautiful bunch of blue Roses. And a huge box of chocolate.
Dean was coming to his locker when he saw Castiel. At this point, Dean was a bit tipsy but no one can notice that but he really was tipsy. And then He leaned to the nearest wall and looked at Castiel silently. Today Castiel has worn a maroon color sweatshirt with a hood that was a bit fitted and showing his waist and hips sharply. And black fittings jeans. He kinda looks yummy but he had no idea about that. Because he never matches clothes or never gave big attention to the color or the design but only the comfortableness.
"Oh my god Mom, your hands are golden, I have no idea that what you did with this apple and this pie today, it's delicious more than before and this is the best pie you had ever made," Dean said with another moan and Castiel goes red and Sam's eyes were wide. Then mary opened her mouth again to tell that she wasn't made that, but before that Dean started again.
"Hmm not bad quite nice room, mainly very clean more than Sammy's room and mine. then it smells like you which I find amazing" Okay Castiel staring blush again. He just cleared his throat.
"Yeah well, thank you for your praising Gabe, so shall we Dean?" Castiel said and Dean felt something strange feeling inside him when he heard Castiel said his name for the first time.
"Seriously Dean, thank you for everything. you know, I don't know how have I would manage everything if you weren't there with me Dean. Honestly thank you for everything" Castiel said staring at his green shining eyes.
"Resist looking at you, resist touching you, resist kissing you, I can't hold it anymore Cas, every second you make me crazy about you more and more, so I'm so done with waiting and hiding" Dean whispers placing a wet kiss on Cas's neck.
Cas's brows drew together as he glared at Dean before opening his locker door again, to continue what he was doing. With that, the door came between them covering Cas. But then Dean walked around and leaning over the other side of the lockers. Very close to Cas as he can see Cas completely now.
After kindergarten the ended up with the same elementary school. They both stayed as best friends. Everything was normal. John always came to pick Dean from the school, Castiel's Mother Mrs. Naomi Novek came to pick him always.
On other hand Sam. Poor Sam got to know about his brother is trying to date his Executives Assistant and he goes meek about that. Whatever reason he was never talking about that with Castiel to his relief.
"Mary, after I lost everyone and everything Gabriel become both my Mother and my father, he sacrificed everything for me, he fought for me, after everything when he said like that I was ashamed of me a lot, and I begged him to not to leave me. Then he made me promise him that in whatever situation, or whatever circumstances I should not engage with anyone else besides Gabriel, without informing him. And I should not try to help others or should not talk with strangers. Like that he made few rules for me, of course, to protect me. I never broke any rule since that day, until the day.." Castiel stopped and looked at Mary who now looking at Castiel with more tears.
"Alright, now listen up. this time I'm going to be very strict with this assignment. Because last time I caught half of the class have copied and lot's of plagiarism in their assignments. So listen carefully. I'm going to assign partners and when I called your names, you go and sit with the other one. Then we can start this. Okay kids, here we go"
Then it comes to the day which completed six months for Dean and Castiel's first meeting. Of course the day Castiel sang and dance unknowingly without knowing that Dean was there, then got startled by Dean, yes that day.
"Castiel are you okay? You want to go to the school nurse?" Kevin asked with a shaken voice, everyone knew he is the weakest guy in the group as they smiled at him with a knowing face.
Nah, it's fine. I just want to make a friendship, then I win that stupid bet, that's it, then we all going in our own ways, end of the story. He thought without letting his mind flow toward Cas. Because he knew more he thought about it, the more obvious it started to become.
Cas sighs again and his fingers slowly sneak into his pussy lips, only touching the outside and he licks his lips unconsciously. And then he touches his clit and like a lightning bolt, he sees the handsome face of the Demon Alpha prince and Cas starlets gasping loudly. He withdraws his fingers from his pussy as he recalls what happened just now. This is not the first time he touches himself like this. But he never experiences something like that, he never saw any Alpha in his mind when he is masturbating. And why now? Why Dean? God, he is my enemy after all. The biggest, cruel, animalistic, barbarian enemy. They are disgusting. So why my mind shows his face right now. Obviously, that must be my stupid Omega's decision. Cas groans at his Omega's ridiculous desires. And then it's happening again, it's starting to feel like someone is looking at him. But it's a crazy idea because there is no one in his chamber. All are gone out as he tries to relax again. he let his head fall to the edge of the tub closing his eyes.
"Cas, why? Why are you acting like this? Can't you feel it? Don't you want to scent me? Don't you want to be mine and get my bite mark on your scent gland?" Dean asks like a beg but before even he ends it, his jaw hits with Cas's knuckles. Dean's bottom lip slit open with that punch as now it's covering with blood.
In the whole day, Dean was finding a good time to talk to Cas. In the morning he saw Cas, actually, he didn't see him, practically Dean searched Cas everywhere and found him in the studie area. He wanted to talk to him but Meg was with him. Dean knew Meg chick and her mouth. He didn't want to anyone know about what's going on between them. So Dean waited. Then after his classes, he finally saw Cas alone near his locker and he looked around to see if whether his asshole football team anywhere near. After he got satisfied with the environment he happily walked towards Cas but before he reached to him, that little fucker Alfred or someone Dean never remember the name, ruined the moment and came to Cas. So after stalking Cas a few hours like that Dean finally saw Cas walking toward the playground alone. Dean followed him without noticing anyone. He just wanted to get a decent apology and make a path to solve every problem. And mostly be thankful for what Cas did for his Mom.
How the hell this stubborn Demon Alpha, coming from nowhere, commanding me like this? He wants to fight this Alpha, but first, he must cover himself. So Cas get the advantage of this chance and quickly get out of the tub. Next, he grabs his robe, wrapping it around him, and then he sees his dagger on the desk as he takes it without any sound. Dean is still turning his back to Cas as he thinks it's the only chance he will get. The next moment, Cas reaches for Dean's neck and puts his dagger to his neck, from behind him.
"Oh, and of course that your Dance, gush do you normally dance like that every morning?" Dean asked and he was trying to hold his laugh.
Dean suddenly looked at Castiel. He can swear Dean's eyes were shining at the time maybe a little bit of pride.
Dean knew Castiel is not doing good. Castiel can be badass and cheeky but after all these times slowly exploring Castiel, Dean knew inside Castiel is so soft and breakable. Especially when it became to people he cares for and loves. So the only thing Dean wanted right now is to be with Castiel, to Confort him. So while the ride to the hospital Dean got few calls to few people to make sure everything is under control.
"Yeah? Is this the time you going to get your revenge Winchester, are you going to hit me again right now? Or going to pull another dirty prank with your gang? Why can't you just leave me alone. I already apologize for everything" Cas was on the edge of tearing but he hated himself for that too. He didn't want to cry over this stupid boy here.
"No, actually I also didn't take it as a big deal at that moment, I thought he tried to surrender him. But seems like Omega didn't understand that Dean marked him. But the whole time Angel was very angry and attacking mood. He even tried to attack Dean once. Dean took it like a badass omega move. And at last, Dean let him ride his horse with him and chased the Angel carriage. When he returned he said he let him go" Sam says looking at his unconscious brother.
"Muah" Suddenly Castiel pressed a kiss on Dean's cheek and quickly go inside the car and close the door.
“This happened” Cas pulled his soft, silk panty a little bit down and shows his wounds to Dean. Dean’s mouth hangs open and his eyes filled with anger.
Dean's hands instantly grab at Cas's hips steady him as finally, his huge balls rest against Cas’s ass as he bottoms out and he moans again.
But Castiel's heart shattered when he heard his voice. Oh my god, it's Dean. Is that mean Dean's girlfriend working in this company too? Shit.. That's why he came here a lot. Now that it makes sense. But the asshole flirted with me when his girlfriend working in the same office. See this is why I'm hating these rich brats.
"Yeah? Did Sam told you so?, well seems like he's wrong, coz here I am. I'm home tonight" Dean said quietly staring at Cas's lips. Dean's brain can't get on with his plan after seeing Cas this much closer. But he has to move away from Cas before he gets a panic attack or scared as hell. But before he moved away, he heard Sam's pissed-off voice behind him.
"No, actually maybe it's my fault. You don't need to be inside, it's okay and Just bring back those soldiers too, tell them to stop the search, and thank you for helping me" Cas always been polite to his servants and soldiers. That's why the whole kingdom loves Cas so much.
"What? I'm not a drama queen. Charlie that's you. Not me" Dean fight back. Imagine Charlie's eye-rolling.
"And you don't have to be awful of my gifts, and god never think like you are using me. It's ridiculous. I just bring these gifts because I lo.., um.. because I want you to have them, because I want you to be happy, and want to see your smile, you understand?" Dean asked. And Cas nodded again but a bit hesitantly.
"You Little fucker, what did you say? "got separate?" What the fuck was that? to separate we never were together or friends or whatever fuck. I even don't know who you are you faggot. And how dare you to say that, word? that damn kiss?" Dean hit again on Castiel's face repeatedly.
"Good morning Mary, I'm fine, and thank you, how about you, um actually I'm sorry I just now got to see your message" Castiel replied happily.
"Nah, Mom I don't think so, but hey Dean, I'm not trying to pissed you off, but that's the truth," Sam said quietly.
But Mary was so happy to have Cas there and that made Cas's heart a little bit happy. He wanted this, wanted to come and make sure Mary is not upset with him, and also he wished Dean would not be around. So it happened. But seems like Cas was wrong.
"Happy Anniversary Cas, this is for you, and I don't have any girlfriend, I brought this for you, only for you," Dean said but there is no any grin, teasing smirk, or any smug tone, just a genuine smile, and loyal face.
"Well well well look who we have here, the biggest nerd of the whole college, huh what a surprise I never thought you faggot got that much of gut to face me like this"
Dean gritted and hit his empty beer bottle on the floor as it broke into pieces. Dean shouted loudly.
"You are one cheeky little dancing trench coat guy? Aren't you?" Castiel's cheeks now getting pinky. not that soft pink but it was beet red.
Shit, what's wrong with me? Dean forgot how to breathe as he licked his lips unconsciously, still staring at Cas's lips.
"No, never. Sam is a very good gentleman too, he never even talk with me about his brother anymore after he gets to know about Dean's idea about me" Castiel answered.
“Dean, hey, hey, look at me, honey, look at me, it's okay, it's okay babe. I got you, honey, everything gonna be alright. Just calm down I got you, Dean”
"Why don't you find a partner for you. Maybe a strong boyfriend who can take care of you all the time" Dean asked but without a smirking or grinning. Only with a serious and genuine smile. Castiel hesitate to answer that. But he had to.
When they arrived at the hospital, the paramedics make sure to end the blood transfusion and as soon as they stop the ambulance they took the patient to the operation theater.
" Here you go, I didn't ask what you prefer but I guessed you like some herbal tea, but Sam if you don't like it would you like a cola?" Castiel asked politely.
They entered the room to see Gabriel laying on the bed with a huge grin on his face. His face was pale obviously. and it's said all the pain he was going through but even though he was smiling at his brother right now. His one leg and one arm were covered with arm and leg casts.
"And you know I knew the guy is a huge nerd but never knew he is a cheater and a liar. he must be acting like Clarence but he is not" Dean burst out angrily.
Dean keeps lick and suck. Circles around the clitoris again and again. Flat long licks, tiny kitten licks, and kisses over the slit. Cas's moans start to scream when Dean starts to nibbles on the clit.
Dean was tieing his shoelaces when he heard Sam's scream the next morning. He rolled his eyes before open the door faced to very much shampoo-covered Sam standing in front of his door. Normally Dean would laugh his ass off this kind of situation, especially he got a chance to tease his little brother but even making Sam surprise, Dean's face was all covered in a grumpy way.
"No way that's my line Cas, you have just stolen it, I was gonna say that" Dean chuckled and both of them laughed together.
"I know it's getting bigger and it's a big risk. But I think we should try our final shot. Last few months I noticed a great outcome with the new training management team we hired. I privately investigated them and I'm really happy about their talents. So I propose, we should give them a chance and we should send them to the new office before we take serious action. What do you think about that?"
As a habit, the Football team used to hang out and getting beer sometimes in the evenings, in the dark. After a Long time, Dean also joined them today. Dean was on his baby. Laying there holding his beer. Others had a beer and smoked.
"Sammy, just shut up. I'm not hurting him. Just get out here. And let me fix the things" Dean yelled back. But seems like Sam isn't in a mood to backup.
"Look, Cas yes it is, but I don't want to make you upset, okay? Please don't angry with me over this"
John Winchester's eyes filled with fire. he stands from his seat without even he knows, he started gritting his teeth and he was beyond the angry. His Son, his son to become a powerful man is kissing a boy in front of all students and parents in a football match.
"Actually I was going to meet you to say something when I heard the news, I wanted to say sorry," Dean said looking at Castiel while walking shoulder to shoulder.
But again today is going to be worse because Cas knew Dean also in this class. And his other two friends. And on the other hand, these marks are very important to Cas. His chain of thoughts broken when he heard Mrs.Pamela started calling names.
"Fuck, Cas? Please tell me you are not naked because I didn't see you a bit, you just crashed me even I see your face" Dean said this time in a panic voice.
"But, Cas seriously I know you forget about your clothes because you worried that much about me, and that's what makes me feel better Angel" Dean stopped to get a full breath.
"It's the day you presented as an Omega, my little brother," Gabriel says slowly and Castiel's eyes go wide.
Who's hair was very much messier than ever and directed to every side as much as possible, he was covered with sweat.
"See you all hear him right? Fucker wanted to be popular in the college, cock sucker was helpless. and now tell me were we being friends ever you fucker?" Dean asked and shook him because Castiel's eyes closed slowly as he suddenly looked like going to faint.
"Mary, Sam, Clarence is not my name. My name is Castiel Novak" Mary and Sam looked at each other then chuckled a little bit. Then Mary glance over Castiel. Kindly smiling at him.
"You stupid little shit, I don't want your explanation I know about you. I knew what you were up to and you are just a little faggot. What the fuck you said about me Castiel?" Dean shouted at him and pushed him again with more power. Castiel felt pain in his chest and he fell behind and hit his head on the floor with a huge "thud" Sound. He knew his head must be cracked as tha pain he felt. but he didn't care about that, he just want to make sure he is getting clear on this misunderstanding of Dean. He hissed with pain before speak quickly before Dean doing anything else.
Dean knew this would be supposed to happen and he was already got word from Mrs.Pamela to take care of it. So he didn't get nervous about it this time. Because so far she nailed it.
"is that so? but don't worry this doctor is a genius. Gabriel gonna be recovered soon" Dean said squeezing Castiel's hand in a reassuring way.
Then Castiel gave the phone back to Dean and he listened to Dean say a few words before ending the call.
"Hey handsome finally someone remembered me," She said seductively and soothed her soft palm on Dean's chest.
He never expected something like this from Dean. He knew Dean was definitely flirting a bit not in a normal way. But this? God he asked me out. Cas sighed and promised himself to not think about that again. Because Dean got the message. so he will never ever see my face again. He thought when his whole body was shaken with an unhappy feeling.
"Sweetheart, I told you that I never ever get enough of you, I never gonna be done with you. I'm gonna wait for you as much as time you take, I don't care about it. All I want is you. And I promise you, I will never miss that again, I would definitely come to see you every day my sweet Angel" Dean whispered and Castiel went beetroot red.
"Cas, I, I just.. I'm not gonna lie right now, but the only thing I want to do is kiss you, kiss you as much as I wanted to since the first time my eyes got you" Dean murmured and Castiel's eyes glowing with the want.
Dean was angry. The stupid meetings are going on without ending, and the only thing he can think right now is about Cas. It's almost 4 o'clock and if he was back in their town, it's time to see Cas, instead of this freaking meeting.
Two weeks passed slowly not having major issues for Castiel, not cutting, not self burning or anything. But only here and there few panic attacks.he made sure keep his desire down and not went to the hospital to see Mary. But he also wished if he could meet her sometimes. But he can't. as he didn't know anything about Mary he can't find her now. Because she must be already gone home now. and other problem was he didn't want to tell his true self to her. So he had to ignore her.
And there is a small sound from the other side. Like someone chocked on the air. Like breathing very hardly.
