Dean brought Cas’s hand up to kiss it. “I think about that a lot, too.”
“Why?”
“Dean,” Cas tried again, shaking him harder.
, convulsing into himself, as much as he could with the restraints around him, and came in thick ropes over his taut stomach and chest.
“Dean,” Cas interjected, “Those are
Dean gave him a deep kiss, resting his forehead against Castiel’s as he reached down to grip himself.
“Wait, so you
Dean pulled off his shirt, dropping it to the ground as he entered the bathroom and turned the water on. After waiting a bit for the water to warm up, he quickly shed the rest of his clothes and stepped in, sighing as the hot water poured over his body. The mental image of the water washing away his troubles of his day and running into the drain soothed him. A small victory for today, if anything. Even if it was just a thought.
“Oh,” Cas couldn’t help but gasp. He knew where Sam was headed with this. There’d been a few times in the past weeks that Dean had woken him up by jerking his arms or legs and mumbling incoherent words. Cas would snuggle up into his side and talk him back to being calm, and then he would fall asleep again, too.
“Gilda and I tested many different blends of herbs and a few natural fruits, and we found that for tea, bishopwort, helenium, radish—”
“I’m serious, Dean,” Cas insisted. He looked into Dean’s beautiful green orbs. “I’m not joking.” Dean shifted between Cas’s eyes, searching for something — anything to help him understand why Cas was so adamant about this... He really didn’t need to search, though. The answer wasn’t something he needed to search for anymore. It was always present in Cas’s eyes when he looked into them. “I love you, Dean.”
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean said pulling his pants up and buckling his belt. “Fuck! I shouldn’t have fallen asleep.”
“Cas, go slow,” Dean said, putting his hands on the young man’s hips.
Meg sighed. “Fine.”
“It's actually from all of us,” Sam said.
“I love you, too,” Castiel said, wiping away the tears he saw falling from Dean’s eyes when he pulled back. “I love you with everything that makes me, me.”
Dean’s hips stuttered and he grunted, “S-sorry.” Before he angled them, slamming into Cas and coming just as Cas also tensed up and cried out Dean’s name.
“Dean?” Cas moaned while arching his back into Dean’s bare chest.
“Aye.”
Benny looked away as he answered. “Just over half our people.”
Castiel grabbed the quilt and nuzzled into it, inhaling lungful by lungful of that scent. Not only could he feel his mind calming and becoming more coherent, but he could feel that empty ache inside him lessening.
Castiel closed his eyes and focused on all the emotions surrounding him, delving as deep as he could into the thoughts of his siblings, searching for anything and everything he could. Tears gathered in Castiel’s eyes the deeper he went and he slowly let his guard down. He could feel Benny’s deep anguish, Rachel’s crushing guilt, Gabe’s self loathing, Meg’s disappointment in herself, and Jo’s utter grief.
Dean smacked his hand back over Castiel’s mouth and hugged him even tighter than before as he struggled, yelling against Dean’s palm and making lewd gestures as best he could with his hands.
“You just want to watch Titanic for the Kate Winslet drawing scene,” he said, smiling as some laughter erupted. “How about Hidden Figures, huh? Came out not too long ago, it’s got great actors, and it’s an amazing movie. I went to see it in the theater with my mate and we both loved it.”
Castiel just focused on that: getting to his semi. He felt his heart pounding in his chest and blood rushing in his ears loud enough that if Dean was following him, he wouldn’t be able to hear it. He chanced a look over his shoulder, almost laughing out loud at the fact he didn’t see Dean behind him anywhere.
The young boy, no more than five Dean thought, was getting too close and he didn’t want to see anything happen to the child.
“Dean!” Cas
“Oh,” Castiel said, “that’s nice.”
“Captain,” he heard someone call. “Don’t forget about the Braedens.” Dean looked over his shoulder and dipped his head in thanks before turning and striding across his ship to get to his cabin, where Ben and Lisa were napping. He opened his cabin door and almost hit Lisa.
, and I like being with you.”
you got snot and sniffles as the cherry on top,” Castiel said, “How could this be compared to any of either of our other birthday sex nights?”
“I-it hurts. I’m not even ten feet away from you, but it hurts. I can feel the distance between us and I can’t—Cas, I can’t not want to be close to you,” Dean said. “I can’t stay away from you. You’re my true mate.”
Cas was breathing hard and had trouble getting his words out. “Only for you.”
“You don’t know what Castiel wants.”
“We can do this,” Dean said, more as an affirmation to himself than anything else.
“What could you have done?” Cas asked, taking a deep breath. “It’s just something I have to deal with.”
“I love you,” Dean said, giving Cas a peck. “More than words can say.” Dean kissed Cas again, slowly and lovingly, taking both their breaths away before they settled down in each other’s arms, listening to the steady breathing of one another.
“Here we are,” Dean said, stopping and letting Cas walk around him to face the taller man.
“Do you know what this does?” He asked. It was a piece of metal with a two pronged fork at each end. “See, what we do is,” Dean paused to unclasped the fork from the collar to wrap the leather around Sandover’s throat. “We put this around your neck, and then we attach the fork, and if you lower your head, you die. It’ll impale your chest or throat.”
“F-fuck, okay. I can—Fuck, yeah,” Dean said, and he pulled his fingers out. Castiel almost whined at the loss because he didn’t want to be empty, but then he felt the head of Dean’s cock at his entrance and he tried to move down to help Dean get inside him.
“I love you,” he said. Dean’s eyes lit up like all the stars from the sky were in them, and he surged down to kiss Castiel, smiling still.
“Fuck, you’re so beautiful.” He slumped down onto Cas, continuing to thrust shallowly as he rode out the final waves of his orgasm.
“How much prep do you think you’ll need?” Dean asked, lifting his hips, still with Cas on top of him, to slide his trousers down to his knees. Cas ran his hands down Dean’s chest and kissed Dean again.
Cas whispered back. “You’re not hard to love.”
“Oh,” Cas said softly to himself. “Alright.” He darted his eyes around once more, looking for someone in particular, before giving up and starting to head towards the cabins. Before he got there, someone stepped right in front of him, effectively blocking his path.
“I am more than okay with it. I’d love to ‘show you the ropes’,” Dean joked, laughing softly as Castiel smiled at him.
“No,” he said, his voice full of so much righteous authority that Alastair and his comrades flinched, “
Dean almost smiled back, because his boyfriend’s smile was infectious. All gummy and genuine, it was hard not to smile when Castiel smiled. But the kitten in his arms drew Dean’s attention back to the absolutely ludicrous idea that had just been proposed.
“Oh, my
“Dean…” Benny said, a kind of awe in his voice. “Those aren’t Abbadon’s flags.”
Finally, Dean was able to tear his eyes off Cas and he headed towards the bathroom connected to his room to shower and get dressed. A routine that usually took ten minutes. But Dean was done, turning the water off, stepping out and grabbing a towel to dry himself in six. He slung the towel around his neck and walked back into the bedroom. Cas jumped slightly when he walked in.
“Oh, my gods! Don’t stop!” Cas screamed, throwing his head back as he came, “Please don’t stop!” He went rigid, gasping and clawing at the bed sheets beneath him. “Fuck! Don’t stop!”
“Thank you,” Cas said, looking from Sam to Benny. “Really, you have no idea how much that means to me to hear you say that.”
“Harder?” Dean panted, “Whatever my angel wants.” He dug his fingers into Cas’s hips and pulled him back onto his length as he thrust forward.
technically.”
Castiel’s omega had him think back to last year, on his birthday. He had truly celebrated it for the first time and it had been Dean’s idea. Just a small celebration everyone helped with, nothing too fancy or big. Everyone Castiel loved was there, and it was the best night of his life. Castiel had loved every second of it and had gone to bed happier than he’d ever been.
“Dean—
as well as a descendant of
Dean reached out to curl his hand around Castiel’s waist, pulling their bodies together in one quick movement. Castiel let out a small gasp and the way his hands came to rest against his chest made Dean want to posture.
“Well, that may be true for your sister, but that’s just not true for me,” Castiel said, ignoring the pang of
“I love you, too, Cas,” Dean said, and the deep purr in Dean’s chest made Castiel want to cry.
“It must.”
need to check on Arkangel,” Castiel said, opening the bedroom door to step out into the living room. He was already feeling better thanks to those pills. What greeted him as he entered the living room dragged his mood back down.
“Jess?” Castiel asked, following her gaze towards a beautiful, but modest, fountain.
“His Grace is meant to heal. Protect him at best, it’s not meant to fight.”
“That’s great!”
“It’s okay,” Cas shushed him. “You’re the only gift I need.”
“Well, his plan really kinda sucked, didn’t it?” Dean said under his breath, and Castiel leaned into his side.
Forsooth: "In truth"/"Truthfully"
you,” Cas repeated, louder. “I’m afraid
“Good.” Jess smiled in relief. “That is all I have to say for now. Do you have any questions? Either of you?”
“So, I know you said you were going to college to study English so you could be a writer,” he began, “And you said you used to write stories about dashing alpha princes saving the locked away fair omega prince, but you never really said what you were working on now.”
’s to each other. Dean kept as close as he could while Cas rolled them over. Cas leaned over Dean, looking into his eyes and smiled before pulling the man to sit up. Dean held onto Cas tightly, pressing his chest to Cas’s; even as Cas grabbed the oil and dripped a fair amount onto his member.
“Absolutely father,” Cas said. Michael strided away to confer with some of his city employees. This court case was a nice vacation from Michael’s mayor duties, but he is still the mayor and has other duties to attend to.
“Let me prep you, angel?” He asked, receiving a small nod in response. Dean smirked and quickly cradled Cas to his body before laying the boy down gently, settling himself comfortably between Cas’s legs.
“Aye,” Dean nodded and kissed Cas’s neck, “But I’m coming back, Cas. Nothing can stop me from coming back to be by your side.”
one to talk.”
“Not that I can think of at the moment,” Cas responded breathily. “I just want you to touch me.”
Cas slowly pulled his hand away from his mouth, taking a deep breath to keep himself in check. “Just a bad dream.”
“I have an apartment,” he said, “In East Harlem.”
Castiel bolted up in bed. Every single time Castiel’s omega started to surface and accept Dean, the man in him had pushed it down and repressed it. Scolded himself for wanting a man who had come from a monster. But Dean was right. He was his father’s son, but Dean was not his father.
“I don’t mean to,” Dean said, “I’m just… I asked you a while ago how you got your scars—” Castiel sat up straight and wrapped his arms around himself as Dean continued, “—and you never told me.”
“I love you, too,” Dean said into Cas’s hair. He hugged Cas tighter and smiled, rocking them to the sound of imagined music.
In the year since Castiel had accepted Dean’s proposal of courting, he’d been the happiest he had ever been. He spent a lot of time with Dean, and the more time he spent with him, the more Castiel fell for him. Not only did Dean show him all the wonders of the world, but Dean taught him so much, too. They had weekly sessions where Dean would help him to understand the politics of being Queen and what was expected of him when he did take the throne. Dean never once made Castiel feel stupid for a question he had, and he didn’t make Castiel feel less than for not knowing something.
After a while, Dean spoke up again, “Wait, I have another question. How did Zach know about the apocalypse? I heard the others talking about how he wrote in his journals that the apocalypse was going to happen. They thought I was going to cause it.”
Castiel gave her a small smile and hurried over to the linen closet to grab a few blankets and pillows to make the couch comfy enough to sleep on.
“It’s about eleven,” Dean answered, looking the younger man up and down.
They woke up early the next morning with heavy hearts and sad eyes. Dean had to leave. And he wouldn’t be back for months. It wasn't different from the previous times that Dean left. But somehow it was also very different. That fact was as agonizing to Dean as it was to Cas. Dean wanted to stay or take his angel with him, but he couldn’t. Neither actions were options.
we get married.”
Castiel smiled, his omega purring in happiness at his alpha. He rested his head against Dean’s arm, and let his hand drift down to interlace their finger.
“You need to learn your lesson,” Dean drawled out.
“And I guess I did lie to you about being afraid of you. But I’m not afraid of you because of the reasons you think. I’m afraid of you because I’m so afraid
you are.”
Chapter Fourteen
A small sly smile spread across Castiel’s face and he nodded. “Mary Ellen—” Dean gasped and Castiel’s smile widened.
Dean laughed, sitting forward in his seat. “Okay, what were you right about?”
“Sam!” Dean called up to his brother just as Sam had done earlier. “Get the swabs and tell them to get down here to help Benny with counting and documenting the inventory we have. When they’re done, they can take the rest of the night off and in the morning we start repairs.”
“Gods, you’re so cute,” Dean sighed. He picked his papers back up and laughed. “I’ll be done soon.”
“You guys know,” Dean stated. “You guys know how terrible that is… You were there with me through all of the aftermath.”
Dean nodded. “I understand, of course.”
“I didn’t like them touching me either,” Dean whispered, watching Cas’s face with rapt attention. One corner of Dean’s mouth quirked up as Cas’s eyes closed and his mouth fell open when Dean pushed two fingers in. “Still kinda loose from last night, aye, Cas?” He added another finger with no resistance and smiled. “Bet I don’t even need to really prep you, huh?”
“What’s up?” He asked, his voice higher than normal. He coughed and pretended as though he had something in his throat.
Dean smirked at him, “I don’t doubt it.”
Hearing that his father had passed, though, Castiel figured that would make him feel more than muted and quiet sadness; but seeing as he felt like he had when he’d dropped his coffee just a few moments ago…Castiel knew today would just be a normal day.
“Hello Dean,” he said, stepping aside to let Dean inside his suite.
Cas groaned in frustration, at the point of not even caring if his own father was about to walk in. He just wanted Dean to fuck him. “D-don’t care. Faster! Harder!” Cas begged.
Benny began, “Dad said—”
Michael scoffed and pushed Cas’s face to the floor. “You’re a disgrace to this family and a disgrace to the Novak name.”
I’m almost
“I can’t believe you came.” Rachel rushed over to him, enveloping him in a tight hug that Castiel tried to return after a moment. He figured that look that had been on her face was good.
“Meet in the middle, no weapons?” Abbadon called over. Dean took off his weapons belt, handing it to Sam.
And Dean seemed unable to move, too.
Dean groaned before he nodded, “Okay, but we’re doing this gently.”
“As if anyone actually looks at those details!” Cole brushed him off.
“You’ll still have a home,” Dean interrupted her.
“M-my family,” Castiel said, and he jumped as more gun shots sounded. “Oh, my god!”
“We’re having a party,” Charlie said. Cas hadn’t even taken two steps on deck before she’d run over to him and informed him of said party. “We got new mates!” She ran off, leaving Cas standing still and in a bit of a haze.
Dean took a breath. “Well, being a pirate… It’s hard, I won’t lie. But it’s also so freeing to be able to do as you please when you please. You get to make the rules and you get to break them. I love my ship, the Impala 67. She’s my baby. And I love my crew. They’re some of the best and most honest men and women you’ll ever meet.
would he? Castiel was letting out all these noises that were literally the definition of spank-bank material. All the while, the omega was coming in his mouth and clenching around his fingers as orgasms rolled through his body and
“I did not think I had a choice, your Majesty,” Castiel said, clasping his hands together in front of himself.
“Gilda, how met?”
“After that, getting to her should be easy,” Dean said, looking down at his boots. “The fleet was her first defense. The second obstacle shouldn’t be so difficult.”
Dean rolled his eyes, “Ha, ha, ha, Jo,” He said, smiling still. “That’s so funny.”
“Is there any reason known to you why this mateship should not be made?” He asked.
One look from how father as the door to his carriage closed snapped him right back into motion and he handed his bags to a butler, thanking them before he stepped up into his carriage, that, only a second after the door closed, lurched into action. Cas could hear the driver yelling out to the horses to get going. A dread settled over Cas the farther they got from his house. The farther they got from the docks, if he were being honest.
Dean laughed nervously, “Nothing.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I’m fine. I’m just a little caught up with something.”
“Wait, no, you’re in that movie, aren’t you?” Dean stepped back and was almost close enough to touch Castiel. “That one with the lawyer fighting for transdesignational rights.”
“As I have been told, you requested audience with my mate and I to discuss the recent immigration of your people to our lands?”
“That’s true.”
“Are you sure? I wasn’t too rough?”
“How much more?” Cas asked, letting out a surprised breath of air as the head of Dean’s cock slid past his prostate. He gritted his teeth, gripped Dean’s shoulders, and finally bottomed out with a quick spread of his legs.
Castiel knew who Dean’s father was and it was only a matter of time before his true nature showed.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, laughing as the image of two new little pups being added to his family. “Yeah it is.”
“...so he does return the sentiment,” Castiel heard Jess say.
“I suppose, yes,” Castiel said timidly, “Your Majesty, that is alright.”
“Aye,” Benny agreed.
“Great.” Rachel stood up as Castiel did and the two of them followed Benny out to the courtyard where everyone was waiting already.
sorry, Cas.”
“Are you alright?” Gadreel finally asked.
Dean laughed and kissed a line along Cas’s neck. “Because you feel really fucking good; it’s hard to control myself when I’m inside you. And would you really want me to take that long to come every time we make love?”
“Yeah, I’ll—”
“Dean,” Cas gasped again and squeezed his legs around Dean’s waist. “W-What did y-you want to try with m-me?”
“Thank you,” She said, squeezing Dean’s hand. “Thank you for everything, Dean.”
“And just so we‘re clear, I don’t want to do this,” Castiel said, “my omega is the one that wants to be near you.”
Ava smirked, “You seem to forget I have leverage, Cas.”
! I’m gonna—”
Cas’s eyes finally darted over to his and Sam could see so many emotions swimming in his eyes. He stepped forward and took the clothes from Sam, turning away after setting them down on the edge of the bed. “May I have some privacy? I would like to get dressed in something appropriate.”
Castiel felt Benny coming at him before he saw, and with all the indifference in the world he turned just in time to catch the punch Benny was throwing at him. He ignored the surprise on Benny’s face, and leaned in, squeezing down on Benny’s fist.
fucking
“Dean… Oh my gods… I haven't—” he convulsed, “—come so hard in forever.”
“What?”
Castiel rolled his eyes and closed his door, making a point to audibly lock it before shaking out of his jacket and coming to sit on the couch.
“Gabe,” Castiel scolded, “please do not curse in here! I’d like to be able to come back and—” Something wonderful smelling made its way into Castiel’s nose and stopped him dead in his tracks.
“Really?” Cas asked, pushing back to meet Dean’s movements and gasping when his prostate was hit. “Maybe I can — ah! — can fulfill that daydream — ah!”
“Pardon me,” Alfie said, “I thought I heard you say ‘true mate’?”
anyone
“Do we need to show you the tape again?” Jo snapped, and Castiel had to stop himself from rolling his eyes at her usual abrasive self. “You all saw what happened.”
“I thought you left,” Cas hummed, unable to resist snuggling in closer to Dean’s warmth.
It shocked Castiel when Gilda told him omegas didn’t need to be knotted during a heat. What really made heats easier was an omega’s mate and the consummation of a bond shared between an omega and their mate. And sometimes sex wasn’t even needed to get through a heat! It varied from omega to omega.
“Dean,” Castiel said softly, squeezing Dean’s hand in reassurance. “It’s okay.”
“What?”
“Why didn’t you invite any of us to the wedding? Or even tell us?” Tessa asked, and the rest of their friends nodded in agreement.
“If you did more of that stuff we would’ve known,” Jo said. Dean looked at each of his friends, a sly grin spreading across his face as he watched them nod in agreement with Cole’s statement.
“I love you,” Cas whispered, moving his thumbs out of the way to kiss Dean.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice was muted for the moment. Just as he rode the highest wave of pleasure before he came drifting down with the gentle massages of Dean’s fingers on his nipples helping him.
Castiel would have been happy to spend the whole day in Jess and Gilda’s company, but a knock sounded on the door and Gilda got up to get it.
Castiel quickly found a small closet and hid inside, but kept the door open so he could hear the voices as they grew closer.
Dean's been gone a long, long, long time. And it's killing Cas.
“Oh, baby,” Dean cooed, rubbing his thumb over Cas’s perineum and watching Cas’s pink hole tighten in anticipation. He moaned in appreciation at the sight, wetting his lips before diving in, flicking his tongue across the muscle few times. The surprised noises Cas let out were music to Dean’s ears. He slid his hands up the insides of Cas’s thighs, making his way to grip the boy’s hips. “I’ll have to try to make you come from just talking after this,” he said, smiling at the desperate whine Cas let out. “Explaining to you what I want to do to you?”
“I’m here, baby,” Dean said softly, cupping Cas’s face, “I’m here.”
“No,” She whispered, “It’s not.” Cas wasn’t sure how to respond and her gaze was so intense. “Don’t let yourself think that because of the way your father is — abusive — that you have to sit back and endure it. You don’t.”
~  ~  ~
“Oh.” Dean came over and stopped beside Castiel, reaching up to the top shelf to pull down a piece that looked like an angel. It was painted beautifully and if Castiel was more confident, he would say it looked a bit like himself. “This one. I finished it last night, actually, and um, forgive me if I’m being too forward, but I made it based on you.”
“Three alpha’s,” Dean said. “My first paying job was servicing three alpha’s.”
“I wanna hear my name fall from those lips like it’s the only thing you know.” Dean growled.
Dean smiled. “Good. Thank you,” he said, turning back the way he came from.
After Meg handed out cups and filled them with tea, Gilda took the initiative and asked—what Castiel was sure was on all his friend’s minds, “Are you nervous?”
,” Cas said with finality. He traced the edges of the scar along Dean’s spine. “All these rough edges and blemishes on your skin… You’re still beautiful even though you have them. You’re stunning, Dean.” Cas lifted himself onto his toes to kiss the back of Dean’s neck where Alastair’s disgusting excuse of a
to our house!”
“You have cum on your face,” he said.
,” he moaned, jerking back and stopping the hand Cas still had on his shaft.
Dean grabbed Castiel’s hips and pulled him down as he thrust forward, and the way Castiel clamped down on him and cried out as he orgasmed just made Dean smile because it proved his point.
“Right, I mean she’s not feeling well, stomach ache—you know the deal,” Dean said, waving his hand in the air. A few kids chuckled quietly at that.
What Rachel has said… It would hurt. Castiel could feel this wound deep in his chest—a wound Rachel put there, and it would hurt like hell later.
“Anyway, we still need to figure out what my special talent is,” Cas said. He laid back down, settling himself on Dean’s chest comfortably before continuing. “Am I really good at something?”
“You’re not like your siblings. Their powers were gifts. Yours were already a part of you.”
“What do you need, baby?” Dean asked, pushing his fingers against the bundle of nerves inside Cas mercilessly. Cas felt himself getting close.
Number One was an alpha, nicknamed Benny, and he had enhanced strength, speed, and resilience. He could outrun a bullet and punch through five-foot concrete. And if you did manage to get a punch or two in, Benny could take it and would swing back harder. Castiel hadn’t heard much about him since he left. Benny tended to keep a low profile, though; he wasn’t a wild card. Castiel figured he was working and keeping safe.
“Perfect,” Dean smiled. “Plus, that way… You can say stop or no or whatever and I know I don’t actually have to stop. It sounds odd, but trust me, I think you’ll like the feeling of being—”
They held each other for a minute more before Cas pushed the pirate away. “Go.” Dean searched his eyes as he took one small step backwards. Cas looked away. “Go, Dean. The sooner you go the sooner you come back.”
“What?” Gabe gasped.
“I agree, Cas,” he said, and then tilted the bottle up to take a drink.
“I’ll leave you to it,” Alfie said, glaring in his own way right back at Meg. He made a quick exit, shutting the door softly as Meg came to stand at the foot of Cas’s bed. She looked around for a moment before her gaze stopped at one of the paintings Cas had hung over his bed. It was of the ocean at sunset. An island was on the horizon and had light bursting out from behind it.
“How has it always been so easy for you all to ignore me?” Castiel said as calm as he could manage.
“Aye,” Dean grunted in response, gripping onto Benny as they made their way out of the mess.
mad at me,” Cas whispered, feeling like he was about to start crying. Gabe had been the only person in the world, when he was a child, that showed him compassion and love.
And ever since that meeting with a representative from the Kingdom of Hell blew up in Michael’s face… Well, Cas’s Grace had more than just internal healing to do than normal.
“Like you can stop us, Cas,” she said, “We’ve had years of training. You’ve had barely a week.”
Dean laughed as he grabbed Castiel and pulled their bodies together, pushing his growing erection into Castiel’s hip. Castiel grabbed onto the counter behind him and let out this pathetic little gasp, rocking up against Dean as his mouth dropped open into that perfect ‘o’ again.
“Dean,” Charlie warned him. “You know you can’t get attached. It’s too dangerous.”
Dean smiled, leaning down to kiss away Cas's tears. He trailed his lips down to brush against Cas’s and whispered, “You did such a good job, baby." Dean kissed Cas slowly. "I'm so proud of you."
Rachel let go of his arm, only to grab his hand and start tugging him upstairs. “Let’s get you settled,” she said. “Mom got our rooms prepared for us already.”
Cas stuck his tongue out at Dean. “Lucky,” he joked, pecking Dean on the cheek. “I’m still exhausted, too.”
Dean stood up. “It was nice meeting you...”
“Do you smell that, man?” The shorter one said. “Smells like...coffee, really good coffee, and...and honey? Smells really, really good.”
Cas smiled as he spoke. “From what?”
Cas nodded, squeezing Dean’s hand and taking as deep of breaths as he could without it hurting. Gilda pressed down under his rib cage on the left. Cas felt himself scream and lurch upwards. Dean held him down, looking at Gilda.
“My father is gone. John will never hurt another soul. He is dead—that
“Yes.” Dean said. Castiel shook his head, because he couldn’t—he wouldn’t lose. “I know you won’t, Cas, I mean I know you and I know why you go in there. I don’t want you to throw that fight.”
“Please,” Cas sobbed. “I need you, oh my god, I need you. It’s been so long since I’ve felt you inside me and you feel so
“Sorry,” he said, his voice even and flat. “Now, is everything okay?”
“C-Cas-Castiel,” Castiel said, mentally kicking himself at his awkwardness. “O-or Cas.”
“I think you need to spend some time alone with yourself so you can get back in synch with your omega,” Meg said, pulling away to guide Castiel to his bed. She helped him under the covers and tucked him in.
Castiel couldn’t help but smile softly at Dean. “Yeah, it’s not ideal.”
“Hold on, Cas, we’re almost there. Gilda will fix you up.”
Castiel won. He always did. The fight lasted maybe five minutes—even with Inferno’s cheating—before Arkangel obliterated him. Castiel barely had to try, really. Alastair relied too heavily on Inferno’s brute strength, only ever going for kill shots. It was clear to Castiel that Alastair never used any sort of skill to fight with Inferno. And guessing by the staggering and hesitating until he was in a certain spot, they didn’t change tactics based on who they fought. Always the same moves, just in a different order.
out of your fucking mind to say that.”
“What? Why?”
A moment of frozen silence passed between them, and Castiel looked between her and Gabe for a moment, trying to gauge what they were thinking.
Cas’s scream was heard throughout the house, "I'm sorry!"
Yes,” Dean said.
“Calm down,” Gadreel said, “it’s perfectly normal to act like that when you find your true mate. I saw my little sister when she found her true mate and we couldn’t pry them apart for hours.”
Michael scoffed. “You’re still the selfish and immature little boy you were when we were growing up. You haven’t changed one bit.”
“Don’t I know it,” Dean said, making the group laugh and Cas bury his face farther into Dean. He tuned the four crew members out and inhaled Dean’s scent. You would think he’d smell like fish or salt — something oceany. And while that was somewhat true, Dean smelled more like the leather trousers he always wore and wood after it had rained. It was something Cas found very pleasant.
“It’s stupid,” he said.
“That doesn’t matter, because if her programming is degrading then who knows what that means,” Jo said, glaring at Gabe as he rolled his eyes and danced around the bar to make himself a drink.
already seen you naked.” Dean walked back over to the bed and pulled off the soiled sheets, looking at the stain Cas had made. “That’s an impressive stain if I’m to be square.”
Dean nodded, looking down at his now empty plate. “I don’t really like my birthday.”
“Castiel Novak,” someone said from Castiel’s right.
“No, alpha, please,” Castiel whined, panting in need, “I want your knot.”
Castiel pouted at him and sat up. “This has got to be your worst birthday yet,” he said, sniffling again. Dean frowned and shook his head.
“Are you hungry?” Charlie asked. Cas felt Charlie sling her arm over his shoulders, something she was too short to be doing, but he didn’t mind. She pulled Cas forward towards Benny’s station.
“That's good to hear... What things?” Dean persisted, pulling up a chair in front of Cas. “You can sit on my desk.”
“Yeah, um… I don’t know. You inspired me,” Dean said. Castiel’s heart absolutely pounded and the butterflies fluttered crazily inside him. Dean smiled and handed the angel out to Castiel. “Here, I want you to have it.”
Cas nodded sleepily, “Yeah.”
“You know, I believe you did the right thing.”
“I’m Charlie,” She said. “Nice to meet you.” Cas was thankful for the interaction and smiled back at her.
“We’re having twins!” he said, giving Castiel a kiss that left the omega dazed and smiling. “Twins!”
Dean went back to eating Cas out, circling his tongue around Cas’s rim before he used the grip he had on Cas’s hips to pull the boy towards him as he drove his tongue forward.
“We find the defendant: not guilty.”
“Aye, aye,” Charlie said, walking swiftly away to ring the alarm bell.
Not mate.”
“There are rumors that that was based on a true story about a man who lived several decades ago.”
“Gross, Aidan.”
your heat. We are here to help you through your heat.”
Seconds passed. Minutes, hours maybe, Castiel didn’t know. He didn’t really care. Dean was… He was gone. And it was all because he refused to let Amara win. It was his fault.
“Oh?” Dean started, he pushed himself up onto his elbows, looking at Cas. “Depends on what it is.”
“Because Dean’s more like eleven inches! And he’s so goddamn
Dean inhaled shakily as he rested his forehead against Cas’s again. “Yeah,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper. “I love you, Cas. I love you so much.”
“Well,” Cas mumbled, pushing his face into Dean’s chest, sighing happily. “We can rest for just a little bit.”
“How did I get so lucky?” Dean mumbled, dragging his lips over any part of Cas’s skin that he could.
“Do you mean the plain Honey Nut Cheerios I got for you?” Castiel asked, walking quickly to the aisle with the cereals. “I got those because it lowers your cholesterol and it’s that name brand garbage you like that doesn’t even use real honey. You use the real honey I put out for you, Gabe.”
Alas: “Sorry” / “I’m sorry”
it was so easy for them to dismiss him, he would always just be Unlucky Number Seven to them and nothing more.
Was Dean like every other alpha Castiel had met? Was Dean truthful? Was he kind? Did he have some ulterior motive? Was he just biding his time before he could strike? Was Dean trustworthy? Did Castiel like him?
“As long as I let her do what she wants with me, she pays for Sam’s spot in Heaven,” Dean said. Castiel realized then the true hell Dean was in.
“No, not yet. I just want more from you,” Castiel said. He leaned across the table and pulled Dean into a uncoordinated kiss. “I want more with you.” He tried to pull Dean in for another kiss, but Dean stopped him with a gentle hand on his own.
Gadreel laughed, surging up to bite at Rachel’s neck playfully. The two of them giggled and pretended to fight before sobering up again—well, as much as they could in their inebriated state. Castiel just shook his head, smiling to himself at their antics.
“May I talk with you?” Castiel asked, “In my chambers?”
“Of course I have something planned out,” Dean chuckled. “But I want to know if there’s anything specific you want.”
“I am also your, supposed, intended mate,” Dean said, and if Castiel didn’t know better, there seemed to be anxiety in his voice, “My excitement of meeting you now is immeasurable. I have been waiting for so long.”
Okay... I'm hesitant to post this because I spent a lot of time writing and rewriting this because I could not get the right words to flow together and make this the ending I truly wanted. So, just proceed with caution when reading this chapter. It's the last one of the story (even though I still have an epilogue planned), and I feel it's quite awkward in most places. All I hope is that it’s not awful.
“Yeah, of course. I’ll meet you at that café?”
“Wait, stop! Cas, stop! We were wrong!” she yelled, “Dean isn’t the cause of the apocalypse!”
He pressed another kiss to the other corner of Dean’s mouth.
“Oh, yeah,” Dean said. Cas smiled back at him, tugging at the cuffs around his wrists.
“Dean!” Cas keened as his eyes squeezed shut and he wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips, bucking wildly to feel as much as the man’s length as he could.
on Dean. Not that Dean was upset about it, because instead it just made Dean’s alpha almost go feral. The urge Dean felt to sink his teeth into skin—to sink his canines into Castiel’s mating gland as deep as he could and claim the beautiful omega on top of him? That had never been stronger, and Dean almost felt the little control he had over his alpha take over and do it for him.
“Don’t you touch him!” Castiel roared and whipped around as he looked for his sister. “If you touch him—”
“Castiel,” She said softly, motioning to the other omega he didn’t know, “this is Gilda. Charlie’s mate.”
“You’re an alpha and alphas only take.”
Cas felt a soothing warmth spread through him. “Really?”
“What?” she asked.
“You both understand he is right here, yes?” Ellen interrupted, not taking her eyes off of Castiel while she spoke. Charlie and Jess shut up, and looked sheepish as they quickly apologized to Ellen, “You will have to excuse them,” she said, offering the bread in her hand to Castiel again.
“Amara Shurley?” Gadreel whispered, setting the almost empty bottle of absinthe down.
It represents something that was done to you.”
“What?” Cas asked, his throat going dry. It wasn’t a huge secret that Michael had a particular hatred for Dean, but he wasn’t aware that that was the reason Michael wanted Heaven to become part of the Kingdom. That news had him to the point of almost crying again. For once he was glad Crowley was a gigantic dick. “Who told you that?”
“Dean!” Castiel mewled in response, and Dean’s hips stuttered. Dean leaned down to nip at Castiel’s mating gland, and the new sensation made Castiel feel this rush through his whole body down to where Dean was fucking him, and the next thing he knew he was coming.
“I will not answer,” Cas said.
“I-I couldn’t sleep,” Cas stuttered. “I just stepped out to get some fresh air.”
“Plus the noise you make is
Cas  sighed, closing his eyes all the way and smiling. “Good,” he hummed. “I’m exhausted.” Cas licked his lips as Dean chuckled, laying down on his side next to Cas, and moving his hand up to massage circles into Cas’s stomach. Cas inhaled quickly and moaned quietly. “That feels really good.”
“May I ask how it happened?” Dean said, his voice not even holding the least bit of uncertainty. Castiel looked up and gave Dean a long hard stare, daring him to recant, to take back what he asked. Dean only matched his intensity with sincerity, his face soft while his posture was firm.
“Cas, what the hell?!” Gabe yelled, bending over to pick up the box to put it back on the shelf. He looked back up as movement caught his eye and he had just enough time to see Castiel walking swiftly towards the end of the aisle. “Cas? Where are you going?” Gabe quickly grabbed ahold of the cart and rushed after his cousin, backtracking to grab a box of Frosted Flakes and Trix before once again following Castiel.
“That doesn’t sound right,” the second one responded.
! Dean!”
Dean shrugged, “I don’t know, Cas, I wouldn’t want to hurt you.” He dipped one finger into the oil and then pressed it up against Cas’s hole, circling around the rim until Cas was fighting for breath and pulling violently on his restraints. Dean pushed his finger past the ring of muscle, making Cas cry out.
“What do you mean?” Cas asked, his voice coming out whinier than he wanted.
have town meetings or other duties he had to attend to, Cas could spend all day with Dean doing whatever they pleased.
“Cas, this is Meg,” she said, gesturing to the brown haired omega. Meg instantly got up and walked over to him in a way Castiel could only call flirtatious.
“You know, it doesn’t matter,” he interrupted. “We can go over details later. Or not. Either way…” He leaned in closer to Cas, smiling in an obvious attempt to be seductive. “You’re gorgeous.”
“Much too long,” Dean agreed distractedly. He was trying to find that little spot inside Cas to make him scream.
“Fuck, I love you, Cas,” Dean gasped as Cas tightened his grip.
Cas breathed out, closing his eyes. "Something about... Something about being on top of you makes it... So...
“Maybe,” Dean said, “But I was fine with it because it meant money. It meant Sam didn’t go hungry, and it meant he was safe.”
“Get back in there!” Gadreel yelled at the same time.
“Castiel, please stop. I—”
Cas smiled, saying, “Me too.” He cupped Dean’s face. “I don’t want you to disappear into our relationship either.”
“Why?” He asked, worry foremost in his eyes. Dean furrowed his brows in confusion.
“Pardon? I will grow breasts?” Castiel asked, unable to stop himself from flicking his eyes over to look at Alfie’s chest. He immediately felt his cheeks heat up in embarrassment afterwards, and wrung his hands together. “I have never seen a male omega with breasts.”
“I know,” Dean cooed, lifting his head to give Cas small kisses as he quickly worked him open. “Almost there.”
“I’m not,” Dean said, nipping at Cas’s other thigh and kissing his way along the crease of Cas’s leg. “It lead to this, so…” He looked up at Cas as he placed another small kiss on Cas’s inner thigh.
Castiel just nodded again, tracking every small movement the man made so he would be ready just in case.
“This was his one hundredth fight, too! He’s about to break the winning streak record,” another man said. “The omega pilot—what’s his name? Cassiel?”
Dean chuckled as his eyes landed on the bag of food Benny had brought. “That for me?”
After that, they snuck onto Dean’s ship and Cas helped with some of the repairs. That had been around five in the evening. Now, it was eight; and they’d spent the last hour and a half together on Dean’s bed, half-naked and only shedding more clothes when the temperature got to be too much under the covers.
“Cas, what—”
“What?” Castiel gasped. “But you think I’m a beta.”
Michael stiffened very noticeably. “Is that the only reason you came?”
“Care to prove it?” Meg whispered. Cas froze in his spot as Meg’s hand slid from his shoulder to his chest. “Care to prove you’re excited by me, at the very least,” she continued, her hand sliding lower and lower. Cas could feel his heart pounding in his chest and he wanted nothing more to shrug her off and get as far away as he could… But he was frozen as Meg’s hand stopped just above his waistband. “I wouldn’t mind having some fun, even if we’re not married yet. It’s been so long since my last husband and I laid together. I don’t believe anyone would blame us for jumping the gun a bit. Do you?” Cas held his breath. “What do you say?” Meg whispered, her mouth right by Cas’s ear. Her pinky finger slipped into his waistband and Cas jumped up away from her. His painting fell to the ground, but he didn’t care.
“Good things happen to good people and I am not a good person.”
They all thought it was their fault, but it wasn’t any of theirs. They had all been kids. They were just kids, and their father had pitted them against each other. Made them all compete in a war for his attention and affection where no one could possibly win. Castiel’s trauma wasn’t their fault, just as their own traumas weren’t his or each other’s faults either. It wasn’t fair to keep blaming them.
“Dean?”
“You don’t have to, of course, you probably already have a boyfriend—or girlfriend and I just made an ass of myself asking, so, uh, maybe forget I asked,” Dean said, laughing in embarrassment. He shoved his phone back in his pocket and wouldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes.
“We should wait,” Dean said. Castiel shook his head vehemently and grabbed onto whatever of Dean’s he could in desperation.
“I don’t know,” Dean pressed his forehead against Cas’s. “It’s as if, there was me telling myself that you were special and I wanted to get to know you. But there was another thing or being, or whatever, whispering in my ear and confirming you were —
“Cas…”
“I think -” Cas had to catch his breath, “I think I’m going to move.”
Castiel looked up at Dean, blushing as the alpha smiled at him and they came to a stop.
followed by whatever she wanted, and whoever she spoke it to would do what she said. No questions asked. Two years or so after Castiel left, he saw Rachel in a movie and since then she’d been doing very well for herself. At least, up until her last movie. It hadn’t done so well, and now Castiel had read Rachel was getting a divorce for unknown reasons.
Sam was... Huge. He was a giant. Dean was already unnaturally tall, but Sam? Sam made him seem short.
Castiel laughed with Dean again and nodded his head.
“Then why are you cockblocking me, mate? We were just about go below deck and get busy,” Lucifer said, turning to Cas and smiling lasciviously. “Weren’t we sweetheart?”
“I know what he wants better than you ever have.” Gabe sighed in defeat, frowning at Michael. “You know, we used to be close, Michael. Almost identical to each other. But the difference between us now is that I am happy with what I have and I don’t need wealth or fame.” Gabe paused, letting his words sink in. “But you will never be satisfied.”
“You want to have sex?” Dean repeated. Castiel nodded.
“Hm, not that I can remember.” Castiel laughed softly. “Also, going back to the moving out thing, if we do…” He smirked and leaned in to whisper into Dean’s ear. “We can be as
“Don’t stop,” Castiel begged, arching up off the bed as he felt
Castiel began with a firm resolution, no matter how angry his omega was he would not let it make this decision for him.
Castiel could still feel the gulps of absinthe in his system and couldn’t stop himself no matter how hard he tried from straightening up and leaning towards Amara. He lowered his voice and looked deep into her eyes. “I don’t fight for the money,” he said. Amara’s eyes went cold and dead in an instant.
“Captain,” Chuck called, coming up beside Dean. “The ship has increased their speed; it seems as if they are going to attack.”
Castiel didn’t understand what Dean meant by that for several solid seconds. And when it clicked for him, he jerked back in shock. “You... You have ordered your guards to kill you if you become like your father?”
“Alastair—"
Dean laughed, gripping tighter onto Cas’s hand ever so slightly. “Okay,” he said. “Should I be worried?” Cas breezed into Dean’s room and closed the door behind him before pulling Dean over to their bed. “I’m gonna take that as a no, then,” Dean said, melting into the bed and pulling Cas flush against him. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and smiled. Dean smiled back and kissed him slowly, smiling maybe a little too much for it to be considered a real kiss. He chuckled under his breath, pulling away and kissing down to Cas's neck.
The fight was over and Arkangel won.
“No,” Michael said, jolting forward as the carriage started moving. “I have to change and freshen up.”
“Alastair knew what my plan was, and he gave a fake order to the agents knowing that I would intercept it,” Meg said. “He knew we would do exactly the opposite of what he wrote on that note.”
“Dean,” Benny started, his tone somewhat scolding. He sat down across the table from him in the mess. “It’s late, and I know you’re tired.”
to Dean before closing his eyes and opening them again as Arkangel at the moment Abomination swung his arm down.
Cas grinned as he brought his hands up to cup Dean’s face. “I know.” He pressed a loving kiss to Dean’s lips and felt the man’s strong arms come around his waist. “I love you, too, Dean. More than words can even begin to express.”
“Not yet,” Dean said, pulling away swiftly. Cas threw his head back and sobbed as Dean grabbed him again and pulled him up so his back was against Dean’s chest. “I’m gonna fuck you like this,” Dean promised. “I know you’re close, though. So I’m gonna have to calm you down.”
are. Inside,” he said, “and outside.”
“I don’t think it’s either bad or good,” Benny said.
By the time Castiel found himself there next to Dean, smiling up at his soon to be husband, it had felt like only a second had passed. The officiant, Bobby, began with a loud and clear voice.
Castiel’s eyes were drawn to the red haired woman.
Castiel tried to keep the grin off his face, but by the way Dean looked at him he knew he was failing. He found he didn’t mind so much because Dean bumped into him playfully as he pushed the cart father into the produce section and laughed.
“No!” Cas shook his head, his body trembling uncontrollably. “None!”
“Lisa is going to kill me.”
“We’re almost to Lawrence,” Chuck said, his voice quivering just enough to be noticeable. “But… There’s a problem.”
“Alpha!” Castiel wailed, moving like he was about to try and sit up off Dean’s knot.
“Of course, baby,” Dean whispered.
Meg grinned victoriously. “Just as I thought!”
“You don’t even belong here, Cas, you’re a traitor to this family!” She said, and then turned her attention back to Gabe. Jo grabbed the collar of his jacket and hauled him up, cocking her fist back in preparation to punch Gabe, but Benny stepped in before she could. He wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off the ground. Jo yelled and thrashed, kicking her legs out, but Benny was bigger than her and with his enhanced strength, she didn’t stand a chance against him.
Castiel shook his head. He wasn’t feeling so well anymore and all he really wanted to do was curl up under the covers and go back to sleep.
Sam and Benny finished after a tortuously long time, finally pushing the body into the water and standing up. They were both panting slightly, but smiling, nonetheless.
Meg finally sighed and stood up, sauntering away from Cas. “Alright,” she said. “It’s no matter, though. You don’t have to be attracted to me. All I need is for you to be able to give me an heir.” Cas watched as she made her way towards his door. She turned around once she reached it and gave Cas a serious and dark look. “Word of advice, Castiel: find something that arouses you. If you don’t, I’m afraid you’ll end up like my last husband.”
“It doesn’t matter what happens to me. I’m an alpha and there are
“I… Yes,” Castiel said, panting as Dean slowly started to pick up his pace again. “God, please don’t stop.”
Dean nodded grimly. “How many have we lost?” He asked.
Neither one of them spoke for a long while. Once again, comforting each other.
Castiel furrowed his brows in confusion. “Years?” he asked, looking to Jess for an explanation.
mates?”
Castiel lowered his head so he could discreetly scent the air.
“Yes, though today was the first time you met with a clear head. And no misconception about the grounds of his intent to mate you,” Meg said. Castiel flicked his eyes to Charlie and Gilda, growing even more nervous as he realized they were interested in what he had to say as well. He took a deep breath and coughed as all the scents of the room flooded his senses. Everything began to feel so overwhelming again. It was all so new, and he didn’t really know anyone here besides Alfie.
“Cas,” Dean said, the word holding an intense amount of heat. “I’ll fuck you, alright. I’ll fuck you good and hard.” He quickly flipped them so Cas was beneath him and then he pushed Cas onto his stomach on the bed, pulling him onto his hands and knees in one swift movement. “I’ll fuck you so good you won’t be walking right for
Whatever Dean had been expecting, it wasn’t that. And he jumped into action, calling out Castiel’s name as he lunged forward to try and grab his boyfriend, but Castiel dodged him.
Naturally there were still some inconsistencies in the husband's testimony, but they didn't outweigh the evidence that proved him innocent.
“Wait, what did I say? What—
“Well,” Dean smirked. “Maybe there’s something I can do to persuade you to tell me?” He started to move his hands down Cas’s body.
“Why are you so upset? Dean wasn’t even interested in them in the slightest,” Gabe asked when he caught up. Cas only shot him a look and shook his head in disbelief.
“It’s not your fault, Dean,” Benny comforted, rubbing Dean’s back. He traced the scar along Dean’s spine, making Dean jerk away slightly; but the older man kept Dean pressed against his body firmly. “It was never your fault.”
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas took deep breaths, smiling at the feeling of Dean placing open mouthed kisses along his neck. “I’m ready.”
Cas woke up in his bed, with an ice pack on the side of his head where his father had hit him. He pushed himself up into a sitting position, wincing at the pain in his head. There was a note on his bed stand from his uncle:
Castiel smiled softly and nodded. Dean let out a huge breath and then his face broke out into a smile. He laughed happily and shook his head.
“Well, that is just
“I love you,” Cas said, biting his lip to keep himself from crying. “I love you Dean Winchester.” He crushed his mouth to Dean’s and threaded his hands into Dean’s hair, pulling the man’s mouth impossibly closer to his own. He slid onto Dean, digging his knees into the bed on either side of Dean’s hips. Dean held Cas to him tightly and laughed lightly as their teeth clacked together from the force of Cas’s grip in his haid.
“Yes!” Cas screamed, panting hard. “Please I’m begging!”
“Good morning everyone,” Dean began quietly, slowly trudging into class. He had a baby Bjorn strapped to his chest holding a sleeping baby in it, while he also carried a baby’s car seat. A laughing little girl and a smiling little boy clung to his legs as he walked. “Today my kids will be joining us because my mate has an appointment—a very important appointment, and our sitter had something come up.” He set the car seat on his desk. “This sleepy little sweetheart strapped to my chest is Jack, these two devils on my legs are Ben and Claire—”
“That was fucking epic!” Castiel heard a man say from somewhere close behind him. He was waiting for his and Gadreel’s complimentary bottle of whatever and minding his own business. “I love Arkangel and that omega pilot is awesome!”
Cas bit the inside of his cheek to stifle a laugh. “What ever could you mean, my love?”
Cas said, nodding in finality. He reached back and lightly gripped Dean’s cock, stroking in time with his thrusts. Dean sat up and nuzzled his face into the crook of Cas’s neck, teething lightly at his shoulder.
Castiel nodded, surprised that Rachel was the one apologizing to him. Rachel linked her arm with his and Castiel tried to let go of the tension he felt in his shoulders as they continued on their way home in silence.
“It’s going to make him fall into a coma,” Gilda said. Cas’s eyes widened. “Don’t worry, it’s better that way. I have to perform an operation of sorts, and it’s easier if you’re asleep.” Cas nodded his head, already starting to feel sleepy. “Once I’m done, I’ll give you a shot and you’ll wake up.”
“Marriage,” Dean said. Castiel frowned deeply and Dean shook his head, “Not that I do not want you, Cas,” he quickly amended.
Dean was silent for a moment, his face flickering with so many different emotions so quickly Castiel didn’t have time to decipher them all. And then it settled on an unreadable expression.
Castiel froze. “Escort?”
me and forcing me to—” Dean cut himself off with a gut-wrenching sob. “H-he made me think that deep down I wanted him to touch me. He almost brainwashed me into thinking I liked when he raped me.” Cas let Dean hide his face now. “He did it so many times on just that day. I was so fucking exhausted. I just wanted to die, Cas. I wanted to never have been born…” Dean cried harder.
Castiel furrowed his brows in confusion. “Will that get me what I need from him?”
“Why?” Dean asked again, and Castiel felt like stomping his feet like a child.
“But you like sex.” Even from thirty feet away, Dean could see Castiel smirk and raise another perfect eyebrow. “Dirty, rough, kinky, sex!”
“I didn’t take it last night either.”
sound. Dean smiled and fucked into Cas with reverence, angling his hips up to hit Cas’s prostate.
“I-if you want to,” he said, looking into Cas’s eyes. Uncertainty clouded his confidence. “We don’t have to get married — of course — I mean,
“Want me to start on the morning of my eleventh birthday when I woke up to my first ever heat and my father and brother practically killing each other in a fight on who got to go first with me?”
Castiel grabbed the gun and quickly pushed the barrel to Amara’s stomach. “You wish,” he snarled and then pulled the trigger.
Dean smiled at him. “Yeah?”
They just started to really get into it again when Sam’s voice interrupted them. Again.
He closed his hand tighter and tighter around Jo’s throat, and as he did, he heard Rachel yell and felt her fight harder against his hold on her.
“I can go that way,” Dean said. Castiel found his mouth curving into a small smile.
screams I’d ever heard before. I didn’t realize that I’d been the one screaming until months later when I woke up from a coma. I was telling one of the nurses what happened and she piped in that it had probably been me or Rachel screaming. I knew it had been me—my voice making that
Dean grabbed the rope and threaded it through the slats of his headboard, pausing before wrapping the rope around Cas’s wrists. “We need a safeword?”
Dean’s heart stopped and the violent feel of bile rising in his throat made him start to sweat.
Castiel let out this harsh breath because he could hear the emotion in Dean’s voice. It helped to push him closer to that edge, and he desperately moved to meet Dean’s pace because he wanted Dean inside him. The fact that just the alpha’s fingers could make him come made him want nothing more than to feel Dean’s member pumping inside him.
Kevin may have disobeyed Dean by sending out a distress call, asking for help from any and all allies Dean had, but Dean was sure glad he did it because he hadn’t been expecting Abbadon to have prepared this much. She had to have spent months upon months sailing all over the world and asking each and any pirate ship she came upon if they’d like to be rid of him. And Abbadon had been able to recruit many, but for as many crews as she got on her side, there were two more who were either already loyal to Dean or knew that crossing Dean Winchester meant that even if they won, they’d still be doomed for eternity. Dean had connections; both in this world and the next.
When Cas asked what Dean was going to do with Ava, because he couldn’t just let her out and back into Heaven obviously, Dean told him he had it taken care of. Cas realized it was probably something that wasn’t exactly legal and/or moral and he didn’t push Dean for an answer. He trusted Dean’s words and let the debacle fizzle out.
Dean took a moment to breathe. “Fine.”
Dean guessed five more minutes was worth it.
He closed his eyes and tuned everything around him out so he could focus fully on the conversation.
“No,” he said, trying to force himself to relax. “I ate something with too much red pepper in it.”
.” Dean dug his fingers into Cas’s hips.
Dean inhaled deeply, both to get more of Castiel’s scent and to calm himself.
Dean frowned again at Castiel. “Yes… I upset you, and I’m sorry.”
by a Winchester alpha! I do not want this!”
we get married.
Cas felt himself smile. He laced his fingers into Dean’s hair and nodded. “I’d like to get to know you better, too.”
“That’s enough torture for her,” Dean said, “She wanted me to kill her to make a statement, and depriving her of her last chance to be a nuisance to me? That is going to break her more than any other torture would.”
“What would be a good way to say ‘I ganked this bitch so fast she didn’t barely had time to scream?” Dean asked, looking over at Cas on their bed, reading a book. He was lying stretched out width-wise on the bed on his back with the book held above him.
Ava’s face crumpled. “After what you did to
And I remember that entire text because none of you came
the shift in Dean’s posture. He became more animated and his steps were livelier.
“What?” Cas asked, taken aback.
Castiel looked down at his lap. “I don’t blame you, mom. Dad was the one who… He was the one who put all of us in this situation.”
“So?” Dean stiffened slightly.
“W-well, I mean, I did leave you guys. Jo was right, I abandoned you.”
suffer
It didn’t take more than fifteen minutes of silent walking in the group and passing whispers and gasps of,
“How may I help you today, Cas?” She asked, stretching out over one of the benches, “What is on your mind?”
Dean entered the tent to see Jo hunched over a man, stitching up what looked to be a dreadfully deep gash on his arm. Gilda was over by another man, holding her hands over his stomach and chest. Her eyes were closed and she was chanting something under her breath.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Rachel whispered, and her voice shook.
“You disobeyed,” Dean stated, palming Cas’s cock gently. Cas jerked away from Dean’s hand violently, yelping at the same time. “Color?” Dean asked, taking his hand away.
Castiel nodded. Dean let out a breathless laugh and practically jumped over his desk to run and hug Castiel.
The little orange bottle was nowhere to be found, though, and panic started to set in.
“Go ahead,” Castiel said, looking over the tray of food. He frowned because he didn’t know what half the things on it were.
Lisa nodded. “I see.”
Dean smiled fondly down at them before he motioned to his left. “Lastly, over here is—” He stopped mid sentence as he didn’t see his oldest kid anywhere next to him. “Emma? Sweetheart, where are you? Emma?” He motioned for Ben and Claire to get off his legs and go to his office before he walked back out into the hall. He kneeled down and the class heard some hushed voices.
“Dean,” He mewled, feeling that overwhelming pleasure growing bigger. Dean groaned again and laced his fingers with Castiel’s, lifting their entwined hands above Castiel’s head, leaning down to kiss Castiel deeply.
Cas looked her up and down. “What’s your name?”
jewels, he would steal
Cas could sense her unasked question. “If he gets any worse, I’ll tell Dean, but as it stands right now, I don’t need Dean to come and save me. I’m fully capable of taking care of myself.”
“Love you,” Cas breathed out, curling into Dean’s body and beginning to snore.
start something. Raise the white flag, and then red.”
“Gabe!” Cas hissed, finally finding his footing and refusing to move another step closer. He darted his eyes over to Dean, immediately stiffening when he saw three women from one of the brothels sidling up to him and touching him. “What do they think they’re doing?”
“If you’re still interested, I think you’re ready,” he said, uncertainty tainting his words. Cas’s heart swelled for the man.
“Thank you,” Cas said, reaching over to grab the food. He shifted his legs and moved Dean, who snorted loudly before sighing and going back to snoring quietly. “He’s so handsome when he’s asleep.”
“I do not care if he does not want to mate, and as for claiming, I already said I never intended to claim him. As long as he is Queen, it matters not who he mates, or if he ever does,” Dean said, “I just want him happy and making decisions to better his kingdom.”
Rachel looked grave, and Castiel’s attention shifted from trying to get away as soon as possible to what made Rachel’s face look years older than it actually was.
“Yes.”
I did some chapter outlining and planning and I've discovered that there are about five chapters left for this story until it's done. Five minimum, eight maximum, most likely. And I've got more free time now so I'll be able to write more. :) I'm hoping to get the next chapter up by next week.
“Now we’re getting somewhere,” Dean said, moving down to brush his lips against Castiel’s. He relished the little gasp the omega gave, but before he could do anything about it, Castiel was surging up to kiss him. And fuck, if it didn’t take the wind out of Dean’s lungs. He’d kissed and been kissed by some great kissers and attractive people, but fuck. Kissing Castiel immediately took first place because he was so enthusiastic about it.
“Don’t worry, I got it,” Benny said, grabbing it from Cas and setting it back down. “You get to your
“But—” Dean was cut off as Cas yanked him back on top of him with strength Dean didn’t know Cas even had.
“Y-yeah,” Dean panted, wrapping his arms around Cas. “I think… I think I need to lie down.” Cas nodded, clasping his arms around Dean’s waist and helping to hold him up as they walked over to their bed. Dean collapsed onto the bed on his stomach. Cas smiled and crawled over to him, throwing one of his legs over Dean’s.
“Whoa,” Jess said, but Castiel ignored her in favor of shoving his head as far as he could into his new favorite pillow. Conversation continued around him, and he vaguely felt a new quilt being draped over him. He tried to ignore it in favor of getting as much of this delicious scent into his nose as he could, but once the air had settled around him he realized the scent had basically quadrupled in intensity and he absently figured the quilt had to have that same scent attached to it.
“Yes, I was. But I have more planned and I can’t have you ruining it by making me come so embarrassingly early.” Dean leaned back over Cas, hovering over his lips as he reached into his nightstand and grabbed the oil, as well as something else. He leaned back and held his hand behind his back.
“Alright,” She said, letting go of Dean’s hand. “I’ll get the swabs a warning to get ready to work.”
can choose their mate, but true mates are when your wolf chooses a mate. It’s the one person who reflects your wolf perfectly,” Gadreel said slowly, focusing intently on the words he chose. “A true mate is the person you’ll spend the rest of your life with. And it looks like your omega chose Dean.”
Ava’s eyes widened. “You… You can’t do that.”
“Dean killed his father?” Castiel blurted out, looking around the room at everyone’s faces for confirmation.
“I trust you,” he said. Dean patted his shoulder in thanks.
“I do not know,” Castiel said, “I desire him. When I am with him and we kiss, I feel an ache somewhere inside me, and all I know is my omega and I need him to make it go away.”
“No! I do not want to wait! I want more from you—I want more with you! I want this!”
“Yes!” Cas screamed, “Just like that!” Dean’s thrusts got quicker and harder with each passing minute. Cas felt his legs begin to tremble from both the pleasure and keeping himself up.
“I will send for you when I have word your heat has ceased, and we both have clear heads,” He said, sounding just as miserable as his posture looked, “Anon.”
“I do not want to be mated,” he said.
When Dean looked back, he had trouble tearing his eyes away from between Castiel’s legs because he was perfect. His cock was small, but not disproportionately so, and as Castiel pulled his legs up to expose his hole? Dean couldn’t
Castiel frowned deeper. “Meg, I’m not stupid.”
Dean felt himself smile wider. “Really?”
Castiel looked into the parlor, wincing at all the damage he’d done in that room. The bar was broken, the couches were in pieces, the trinkets scattered over every shelf available were knocked over, and the walls themselves were cracked and missing chunks. Castiel had really done a number on the mansion, and a small part of him was glad at that; because it meant there was a reminder of what he could do.
“Dad,” He slurred, turning onto his back and grasping out to the side of the bed Dean usually slept on. “Dad?” Ben’s voice came out louder and clearer. He opened his eyes and sat up, beginning to cry. “Dad!”
He had to admit, this was a rather pleasant way to wake up. For just a split second, Dean saw himself waking up like this every morning next to Cas.
Anyway, just an update to where the ending to this fic is gonna be: three more chapters, and then an epilogue. So, we're nearing the homestretch.
he thought, walking over to the door and locking it. He didn’t want any interruptions while he was doing this.
“Oi, Cas,” Gilda started, failing to be inconspicuous, “Tell me again if you have been liking the drawing we have been doing?”
know you’re special. But there was something else that was telling me you were. And you are.”
Lucifer opened his mouth to speak, but Dean interrupted him.
“If you say so, baby,” Dean said, removing his hand from Cas’s pants to lift his legs up and carry Cas to their bedroom, kissing the whole way.
Castiel nodded, and waved goodbye as Dean turned and continued on his way. Castiel stared after him, little bubbles of happiness and hope filling him. And then Rachel moved in front of Castiel’s line of sight and gave him a look.
“I know.” He leaned in and gave Dean a soft, slow, loving kiss. “I love you.”
“Curfew?”
“Oh, um… I can stick with water. Orange juice is acidic and my throat is a little sore from... Uh, you know.”
“Yeah, he’s really excited to talk about books with you and what your favorites are and genres and all that,” Dean said, smiling fondly as he grabbed some mushrooms. Castiel watched Dean as he continued gathering ingredients, debating if he wanted to say anything about his creative writing class and the competition his teacher was hosting. He wanted to tell Dean about it because he was thinking of entering and he wanted Dean’s input. Castiel was fairly certain what Dean would say, but he still wanted to tell Dean about it because he was excited.
And now… Castiel didn’t know.
“Like that! Little acts of affection! A kiss goodbye or hello or just because they find me beautiful. Maybe flowers once in a blue moon, or just a fucking ‘I love you’ text during their lunch break. You know? Like, is that really so much to ask? Is that really so hard to do?” Jo said. She stood up from Dean’s couch and trudged over to the dining table. “You know? Like you guys! You guys are everything I want in my relationships and you don’t think each other are high maintenance, do you?”
“Aye,” Dean nodded. He turned to Cas. “Will you and Gabe be okay to talk to Benny without me. You can ask him to make you whatever you want.”
“Hm,” Dean hummed, nodding again. He stopped and planted his feet where he was, waiting for the smaller ship to glide to stop next to his Baby.
Meg put her hand on Charlie’s shoulder. “Well, we should ask to what degree do you want him?”
Cas was silent as he was carried into the Captain’s cabin. His hands and feet were still bound together, and he’d been wrapped up in the robe Gilda had given him.
“Would you like Father Tom to officiate again?”
“Has no one told you what it is like to meet your true mate?” Meg asked. Castiel slowed to a stop and shook his head.
“It’s my birthday,” Castiel said, and Dean nodded. “And I was hoping that you would… You know.”
“Oh no,” Jo said, and Tessa and Charlie nodded in agreement.
Castiel won.
“He started calling you his dad a few weeks ago,” She told him. “I know it’s so soon, we just came aboard not even three months ago, but… He loves you.”
Dean smiled, “I love you, too,” he said. Cas smiled and fell asleep.
“Cas? You alright?”
“You’re not ugly, Cas,” Dean whispered. The emotion Castiel could see in Dean’s eyes and blooming in his scent in the air made Castiel’s heart flutter. “You’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever met.”
,” Michael said, stepping in front of his son and looking at him with poorly hidden disappointment. His features were highlighted by the lamp behind Castiel. The sun had set an hour ago and it was the only thing keeping the room from being pitch black.
“Rachel?” he questioned. She sighed and sat down on the floor by Benny’s feet.
“Alfie!” Castiel called, letting go of Dean to follow Alfie into the building.
Castiel’s heart dropped to his feet. Once Castiel had met Dean, he hadn’t wanted Dean to know about his childhood or his connection to his siblings because compared to them… What was he? And now that Dean knew it, why would he give Castiel the time of day? Now that Dean knew Castiel had basically lied to him, why would Dean want to call him a friend?
“True mates are supposed to be in love, are they not?” Castiel asked.
Cas screamed out Dean’s name each time he thrust in. At some point, the name just became a jumble of vowels.
“You guys have known him much longer than I have,” Cas explained, fidgeting with the sleeves of his coat. “I feel like I’ve taken something from you.”
“Hey, it’s okay,” Dean said softly, pulling Castiel against him tightly. “I’m alright.”
“I want to taste you,” Dean said, shaking Castiel’s hand off his head and diving forward. Castiel felt that same something touching the most sensitive spot on his body. The sensation was amazing, but he didn’t know what it was and the curiosity made him rise onto his elbows to see what Dean was doing. And the sight of Dean moving his tongue over his hole was not one he was ready for.
He gasped, his mouth falling open and having a hard time keeping his eyes from closing. “You’re so
“He broke my heart,” Cas said, turning back to look at Sam. “He left me after I’d shown him the acceptance letter. He wrote,
“I have no idea,” Dean said, covering his mouth while he talked and chewed his food. “But it’s really good.” Cas smiled at Dean and watched him as ate. He trailed his eyes to Dean’s neck and saw the bandage on the junction that connected his shoulder and neck.
Not that not feeling much was new. Castiel knew that the medication he had to take messed with his brain and body chemistry in a way that muted his emotions. His father had explained it to him years ago. Castiel could be happy, and he could be sad, but it was less intense. Zachariah explained to him that he needed to take his medication specifically to help him feel things appropriately. He never quite explained why Castiel didn’t feel things appropriately to begin with, but he drilled into Castiel that he
“Yes,” Charlie said.
“A single omega living in the city, Cas?” Meg tsked. “You know you need to be more careful.”
“I can’t confirm your beliefs and I don’t appreciate you...insulting me,” Cas said.
“I’m going too slow to get you there, aren’t I?”
Castiel wasn’t sure how long it took for him to stop shivering, but when he did, he pulled back and kissed Dean until he couldn’t breathe. He only broke the kiss because his lungs started burning and instead settled for placing small kisses to Dean’s lips until his eyelids started to grow heavy. When that happened, Dean turned and laid back against the bed with Castiel on top of him, kissing him once more before tucking them under the covers.
“I just want to protect you,” Dean whispered, “But I fucked up and now you’re hurt.”
“Get down!” Someone yelled. Gabe looked at Cas in confusion and then poked his head out of the window. His eyes widened in shock so much that it had to hurt.
“Next time?” Cas asked. Dean gave it a thought.
“Cas—”
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas whispered, tugging on the short hairs at the nape of his lovers neck.
we lived together?! You’ve all
than five minutes,” Dean said, and Castiel giggled. “And I’m gonna do it with no fucking hands. Just to show you, my tongue game is
No one spoke while Dean consoled the woman into quieting her sobs. “Lisa.”
Till next time!
Dean chuckled again, “Thank you,” He pecked Cas’s forehead. “Looks like the pain medication Gilda gave you is working.”
Castiel wanted it. He really wanted Dean, so he reached out for him as the alpha climbed onto the bed. Dean slid his hands under his back, hoisting him up enough to carry them both to the head of the bed. He laid Castiel down gently against the pillows, looking deeply into Castiel’s eyes, silently asking the question of if he was ready. Castiel nodded enthusiastically, wrapping himself around Dean to bring their bodies as close as he possibly could.
“Castiel,” Castiel supplied his name. Dean smiled wide at him.
Castiel stared at the back of King Dean's head for a solid few seconds before he spoke up.
“Well you weren’t right either!”
“I got it, honey, but thank you.”
“Aye.”
“Oh,” Cas breathed out, still smiling. He moved his hips forward again and threw his head back while inhaling a stuttering breath. “Fuck!”
“Cas! You have to understand this is for the greater good. Dean is the reason that the world is going to end!” Meg’s voice came from somewhere behind him. “I intercepted the order from the Garrison!”
help me with my homework.”
“What?! ” Sam shouted, looking at Dean bewildered. “Did you know?”
“Oi,” Meg said, smiling in amusement, “That is quite a lot of desire, I would say.”
“Who made it for you?” Michael asked, an edge in his voice. “I’ll have them reprimanded — I don't want them putting too much red pepper in anything they'd give to me.”
However, he also knew that not everyone worked the way he did, and he didn’t want to make it seem as though sex was all he cared about. He’d brought the conversation up with Cas one day when he was having doubts, and it seemed like it was the first time Cas had ever even considered that thought. Cas just said that he never thought of them having sex as just sex. Each time they were together he’d always thought of it as…well, as an act of love and closeness between them. Dean agreed; very much so. He’d never thought of his time with Cas as just sex. But sometimes...sometimes he needed a reminder that Cas felt the same way.
“But we said he’d be made to suffer,” Sam said, taking long strides to catch up with his brother.
as Dean turned, using his shoulder to open the door to get to their cabin. Shoving his face into Dean’s neck, Cas felt tears ready to fall once they made it to their room.
Cas looked past Alfie and saw a face he thought he’d never see again.
The peeling paint was another godsend. The familiarity of it all, as well as the comfort and safety that came from knowing Arkangel was a button push from protecting him gave Castiel solace.
“But then, I st-stopped.”
Dean gingerly pulled out of Cas and laid his still trembling body down on his back on the mattress. Cas breathed hard and let out pitiful little whines with each breath. The muscles in his stomach twitched as tried to relax. “De—” he hiccuped, sounding as though he was still getting fucked. “—an.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas mumbled, burrowing back into Dean’s chest.
“Cas, please, not that I don’t love the room and the views and fucking whenever we so please to,” Dean said, and Castiel grumbled as he sat up to look at Dean’s face. “But I’m getting a little stir crazy. I should really check on my shop—”
“Really,” he confirmed. Cas pulled him down to crush their lips together, slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth and coaxing it into his own. He moaned as Dean got the hint and massaged his tongue, gently pushing him to lie back on the bed. A little thrill jumped through him when Dean did something with his tongue that could only be described as
“Are you saying you’re alright with being my first?” he asked, his voice almost a whisper. Dean’s lips curved up, and he kissed the middle of Castiel’s palm before he flicked his eyes over Castiel’s face like he was trying to memorize it. He leaned down and captured Castiel’s lips in a tender kiss that was long enough to make Castiel’s head spin, but short enough for it to remain chaste.
Dean nodded slowly. “I did. I wasn’t going to go through with it. But he said he didn’t want his first time to be on his wedding night with someone that didn’t love him—someone that he wasn’t even attracted to and was just going to use him.” Dean looked up into his brother’s eyes. Sam blinked before frowning in understanding. Charlie rested her head on Dean’s shoulder.
was Abomination’s weakness. And now that Arkangel had delivered it, Abomination couldn’t even stand up. His whole lower half had been incapacitated the second he’d tried to stand up. It was almost sad, looking at him now. He had to hold his upper body off the ground with only his arms. It was obvious Lucifer hadn’t spent time crafting or fortifying the skeleton of his beastie. He’d just gone with the first option presented and then gave Abomination the things he thought mattered most in a fight. Castiel wouldn’t deny that Abomination had served Lucifer well, but Castiel figured Lucifer had always been the smartest pilot in his matches until now.
Benny smiled back at Cas, “Aye,” he said, nodding his head and pushing off the door jam. “I’ve got more food to attend to; if you don’t mind.” Benny came over and handed Cas a bag with what Cas assumed to be food for Dean.
Rachel tried, “Cas, he—”
Dean pulled his chair out for him when they got to the table, and then lifted the cloche over his plate.
"You've just undone more than five years worth of sucking up and placating the King of the Royal Kingdom," Michael kicked Cas onto his back. "Crowley does not forgive or forget easily! You've very much just doomed this family and erased my chances of Dean Winchester's head in a jar!"
Dean let out a strangled noise and pulled Castiel out of his chair as he stood up. He grabbed Castiel’s hips and maneuvered him so that he was pressed up against the dining table. Castiel grabbed onto Dean and rose up onto the tips of his toes, desperately kissing him as he felt that fire inside him ignite. He couldn’t help but moan as Dean‘s tongue slipped into his mouth and tangled with his own.
Well, a normal day as it could be considering where he was.
“Um, I’m sorry to interrupt,” Rachel said, and it burst the little bubble Castiel was in with Dean in a startling way. “Cas, could you come back to the house? We need to have a family meeting.”
“Green please,” Castiel said, “And don’t be a dumbass, Dean, you don’t need to feel icky. I was in control of the situation—ever since I had my first heat, the only say you had was a two letter word the
to see it, Gabe. I need to learn firsthand about the world. And I think part of the reason why I want to explore and learn first hand is due to Michael. But even so, I’m glad of how my life’s turned out thus far,” Cas said slowly, bringing his hand up to toy with the gemstone Dean gave him.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he said.
“Whoa there, Ben,” Dean said in a soothing voice. He leaned down and put his hand on the child’s back. “What’s wrong?” A crash of thunder sounded and Ben screamed, digging his face into Dean’s leg.
“Nay.”
Castiel saw other flashes of Dean’s childhood—like when he tried to sneak past his father and the guards into the kitchen because he wanted to be with his true mate. He was caught each time he saw, but that didn’t stop him from trying again and again and again.
“Sam!” Jess yelled. Sam turned towards her and smiled brightly.
And Castiel didn’t believe someone could be so perfect all the time. He knew Dean had to have some crack in his facade, and as his eighteenth birthday grew closer, the more paranoid Castiel became that Dean would snap.
Dean was still smiling, “Lisa,” he started, taking her hand in his free one, “I can’t promise you nothing is going to happen to me. But I can promise you that I’m going to do everything within my power to be here for Ben. To be here for you.”
Dean chuckled, “Really?”
“I was scared,” Cas admitted. “My father’s been abusing me ever since I can remember, and being near you made me feel… Well,
Sam! It deserves to be fucking
It wasn’t until they got to the store that Castiel realized that he had monopolized the whole conversation with talking about bees, and Dean probably didn’t even care about them. Castiel couldn’t stop the flush that left him pink in embarrassment and he was glad Dean had been the one to go grab a cart because he needed time to get his blush under control.
Castiel’s lips twitched up, almost into a smile. “You have a proposal planned for me already?”
“I spent months catatonic because of him and I can’t be with him again if he’s just going to leave me at a moments notice!” Cas shook his head in both anger and sadness. “I have to think of myself first and protect myself here.”
“I never should have believed Jo,” Rachel said. “She’s always been… It doesn’t matter. I moved to California a year after you left because I thought that’s where you were.”
Dean flicked his eyes down to Castiel’s chest, and Castiel almost covered himself because his scars were deeper by his rib cage and they were some of the ones he hated the most. But Dean just slid his hands up, tracing the edges of his scars with his thumb. And it didn’t feel humiliating to have Dean giving them attention, either. Castiel didn’t know how he did it, but Dean actually made him feel beautiful.
“Dean,” he said, reaching up to caress the alpha’s face.
“I’ll be the judge of that,” he said and then tipped the bottle all the way upside down and gulped down some of the clear liquid. It burned going down, but Castiel ignored it and instead just chugged for a good five seconds before putting the bottle back down on the table. He gave it another few seconds to settle in before meeting Gadreel’s gaze again. There was a little smirk on his face and questioning in his eyes. Castiel shrugged again and shook his head. “You were right,” he said, “I really did not like that.”
“I see,” Castiel answered, his voice small.
“Almost,” a female voice confirmed, and this time Cas knew he’d heard that voice before.
Dean raised his eyebrows, “I love the way you think.” Cas smiled and snaked his arm up to pull Dean down to kiss him. “Where do you want to go?” Dean asked between kisses.
“Yeah, uh, my mom died when I was four, and my dad never really recovered from it. It was a house fire and my mom got trapped in my brother’s nursery. I was just barely able to get out with Sammy. My dad wasn’t even home… So… Yeah. He couldn’t get over it. He would disappear for weeks at a time and leave me alone in motels with my brother,” Dean said, shrugging. Castiel paused his examination of Dean’s work to listen.
“May we come aboard?”
Lisa almost shouted. She immediately covered her mouth with her hands both because she didn’t want to wake Ben up, but also because she just said
“Let me finish.” Gilda scanned the side of Dean’s face again. “That’s on the outskirts of your aura. It’s not…
Castiel felt shocked at that, and once again didn’t know what to say. “Oh.”
Castiel felt panic rising in him, as he reached into the grocery store and found the memories shoppers and employees there had of him. He’d left hours ago, and no one had seen them since.
“Nothing,” he said, throwing the covers off himself and getting up to get dressed. “Nothing is wrong with me.”
Cas?... I don’t fucking think so, sister. You
“You should already know that. I mean, have you ever met another alpha that will apologize when an apology needs to be given?” Dean asked. “I haven’t.”
“Please,” Cas whined, bucking his hips into Dean’s. The taller man nodded, oiling his fingers up and pressing them into Cas slowly, making him moan and writhe even more.
Gabe ‘oohed’ and raised an eyebrow. “You touched that vegetable when it wasn’t yours.”
Cas shook his head. “No, not at all. I like being crushed by you.” Dean laughed again, and began to shift himself off of Cas, but Cas stopped him. “That wasn’t sarcasm.”
And even when they’d figured out he had powers, they
“Maybe you don’t, but I get the feeling there’s another reason,” Dean said, and he sounded so gentle that is made Castiel shake with rage because how?
Dean nodded. He laid back down on their blanket, pulling Castiel with him.
“Shut up, ya scoundrel,” Charlie giggled before leaning into Cas, “He’s such a cutie.” Charlie winked and giggled some more when the two other men behind them laughed as well.
“Dean, I'm not gonna last long,” Cas said, tugging on Dean’s hair and rocking his hips up into Dean as the pirate worked over his body. “I'm already so close.”
“Because I’m committed to you. I want to find the best in you even on your worst days. I’m loyal to you, and I want to work through any and all problems we have in the future,” Dean said. “And because I love you, I’m not going to have sex with you.” Cas buried his face in Dean’s chest. “But because I love you, we’re going to lay here, I’m going to spoon you and hold you while I tell you all the things I love about you.” Dean gave Cas a squeeze. “How does that sound?”
“Like you,” Dean said, giving Cas his hand to help him down some rocks. Cas rolled his eyes, but smiled at Dean before looking back at the lake.
Cas threw his head back with his mouth open in a silent scream and arched his back into Dean violently, digging his nails into the man’s broad arms. He heard Dean cry out from somewhere far away. Cas was far too gone to be able to focus on anything but the feeling of Dean’s cock moving inside him.
“Alphas.”
“Oh.” Cas said quietly, tilting his head to the side in thought.
“Cas!” Charlie squealed, running over to hug him. “Happy early birthday!” Cas smiled at Charlie before he looked behind her to see Sam and Gilda approaching them.
The lights in his father’s study were on, hopefully meaning that his father was running late as well. Usually, his father would come wake him up at nine and have him get ready for his schooling until two in the afternoon, and then town council meetings until six. This was the routine every day, except for Saturday’s and Sunday’s. His uncle had convinced his father to keep those day’s left open.
He began riding Dean, slowly at first but it felt so good he couldn’t stop himself from moving faster and faster because
goddamn
Cas felt himself blush, “Thank you.”
“I-I’ll call you?” Dean said, and Castiel nodded.
“Stop.” Dean shrugged Cas off and walked a few steps away from their bed.
Castiel moaned quietly as the delicious smell of the meal invaded his sense. “It smells wonderful,” he said, closing his eyes and taking another big inhale.
“I thought I saw how Sam tied this but I do not understand how this is supposed to come undone,” Dean mumbled to himself, pulling at some knot at the neckline of his shirt.
when you’re in heat. The thought that I don’t satisfy your sexual needs has never even entered a million mile radius of my mind,” Dean said. Castiel’s face broke out into a broad smile and he leaned forward to grab Dean’s shirt, pulling him forwards so they could kiss.
“Can you deny them?”
“Get packed.” Michael turned on his heel and walked out of Cas’s room, leaving a sour taste in Cas’s mouth as he did. It took everything Cas had not to run into his bathroom right then and empty his stomach in the toilet. He couldn’t afford to waste that time throwing up instead of packing. If he did… He didn’t want to think what his father would do.
“I have,” Cas answered. “I wanted to be sure that it was
“No,” Castiel said to himself. He saw Dean turn to look and then he was being pushed behind Dean. “Dean, no!”
Cas shook his head before he made Dean sit up. “No,” he said breathlessly, “I just… I can’t talk when you do that.”
Dean’s mouth dropped open and he stumbled as he looked down at Cas. “You did not!”
“Hey… Dean,” Cas said softly, waiting for Dean to look into his eyes again.
Castiel swallowed. “No.”
When the time was right, Dean would make good on his promise and take him on board to become part of the pirates crew. But for now, they just had to deal with the separation that came with loving one another.
Cas looked down to his current painting and swirled his brush around to make a petal. “I wouldn’t know. I saw many pirate ships dock in Heaven. Some flags stand out more than others.”
“Fuck of.”
Castiel’s wings flared up behind him as he climaxed. Dean surged forward to press his teeth against Castiel’s mating gland at the same time as he tugged on Castiel’s feathers.
“How do you mean?” Alfie asked, holding Castiel tighter as the three omegas before them exchanged sad looks.
Cas cut him off, “You’re more than enough for me.” He reached up to cup Dean’s cheek. “You’re no where near
His entomology class was proving to be fascinating as they continued their unit on bees, and Castiel almost went down a video rabbit hole of learning all about bees. The math class he was taking was easy, numbers had always been a friend to Castiel. His psychology and philosophy classes gave him a new appreciation for life after he’d finished the work for them, and his economics class gave him a headache even though he liked learning about micro and macroeconomics.
“C’mon, Dean,” Cas barked, looking back at Dean with lust filled eyes. “Fuck me.”
Castiel wrung his hands together nervously. “It is forgiven, your Majesty,” he said, clipped and tight.
“Castiel, I know you are wary of me. I understand why. All I ask is you give me the chance to prove to you I do not want to cause harm to you or any other omega.”
here.” Ava cowered as Dean spoke. “You threatened
Dean smiled. “I love you more,” he said.
Cas started panting loudly as his thighs began to tremble.
know you. He knows what is in your soul, and his own soul mirrors it. He knows you on a deeper level than anyone will ever know you.”
“I do,” Cas said, lacing his fingers between Dean’s. “I know I’m not going to regret coming with you as sure as I know that I love you.” Dean closed his eyes taking a deep breath.
“You have an omega mate?” Castiel asked, completely in awe of the very idea that anyone could even have such a choice.
Meg didn’t say anything, but her face fell as she looked down at Castiel. Her mouth curved down into a deep frown, and Castiel could see the lines of weariness in the corners of her eyes.
“Neither do I,” he said, smiling as Dean hugged him tighter. Castiel pulled away from Dean and slid a hand to the back of his neck. “This is real,” he whispered, and then kissed Dean.
“I see.” Ellen nodded in concentration. “That is something I will have to inform Dean of, then,” she said more to herself than anyone else, “All omegas deserve the right to know what it means to become an omega,” she continued, now speaking to Castiel, mainly, “and since this is Jess’s specialty, she will be telling you the basics of what it means to go through your first heat,” Ellen finished, gesturing to Jess.
Cas felt his stomach squeeze. He wasn’t a jealous person. He really wasn’t, but seeing Dean so happy and at ease… Cas felt a mixture of emotions.
“You’re upset,” she said, no trace of a question in her voice, so Cas just nodded. “C’mon.” Gilda gave him a smile, standing back up and pulling him with her. “Let’s go for a walk, yeah?”
“Language.”
Dean woke up before Castiel, which didn’t surprise him. And the feeling of dried slick and cum didn’t surprise him either, seeing as he passed out soon after Castiel. But unlike a beautiful sleeping omega on top of him, still keeping his cock warm nonetheless, the tacky sensation of stiff sheets and the pull of skin stuck together was not welcome.
Once I begin posting the new pirate fic, I will not take this one down (even though I’m really embarrassed by this fic and how not great it is lmao), because it’s very dear to me.
Cas sobbed, “No! I promise!” The pirate let go of Cas's semi hard cock and massaged his sides.
“Gabe, I was the one who brought this to Jo.” Rachel said, sighing exhaustedly.
“The Circle?” He asked, his voice wavering only enough for Cas to notice it.
“Hey, Dean,” Cas said, looking at Dean with a cocky smile. “The sooner you finish, the sooner maybe I’ll give you a preview of what you’re in store for tonight.”
“No, I definitely agree with you. But Dean? I mean, has he even touched you? In any way?” Gadreel asked. “Besides that first night.”
“I’m trying, Jo,” Dean said, wrapping his arms around Jo and resting his chin on her head.
“We’re all sorry,” Gabe said.
“Wow,” Cas breathed out, “It’s beautiful.”
“Thanks,” Castiel said, giving Gadreel a smile.
And then he saw them. A woman and a man walked past.
Dean pulled away and smiled at him. “You taste amazing,” he said, “Your slick.” Dean smiled and Castiel’s eyes widened. Castiel blushed again and looked away, squeezing his eyes shut to save himself from having Dean see how much that turned him on. Judging by the way Dean growled low in his throat and kissed the inside of his thigh, his scent gave away his arousal. Dean moved back down to lick over Castiel’s hole, and Castiel bit his bottom lip to keep from moaning out loud.
“I need to see Sam,” he said, and guilt immediately settled in Castiel’s shoulders. “I’m getting tired of just video chatting with him. And school is getting out soon, so he’ll be coming back and staying at the house.”
they thought,
Castiel watched her for a few seconds, anger rising in him the longer he watched and the next thing he knew he was pulling the trigger over and over again. He pulled and pulled until he there were no more bullets left and Amara was unrecognizable. And then, only then, did he drop the gun and stand up, turning towards where Dean’s body was. Castiel stumbled over to his mate, anguish and despair causing tears to stream down his face.
“Cas—”
Castiel almost looked up at Dean. “Look, I don’t like talking about this and I really don’t want to go into detail about all of what they did.”
“Yeah, I… There’s something about you, Cas,” Dean said, and gave Castiel this
Dean took a deep breath as Castiel nipped at his jaw.
Dean’s face lit up, and he nodded over his shoulder. “I’ll show you,” he said, and turned around, walking quickly to the back of his store to a curtain. He pulled the curtain aside and waited for Castiel to pass under it before dropping it and motioning around the space. “I like working with my hands, so I do some sculpting.”
“Dean!” Castiel gasped, “What are you doing?”
“Oh,” Dean breathed out, stepping closer to Cas. Neither of them spoke for a long while; Dean just traced over Cas’s chest and rubbed his back in a way that Cas couldn’t feel. “I’m sorry.” Dean sounded broken. “I should’ve never fell asleep. I’m so stupid! I should’ve taken you back.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “Lucifer?”
of your acquaintances,” Castiel said, “I will forgive you for your disrespect;
“Yes!” Castiel started moving faster atop Dean. His wings fluttered behind him and in this sudden rush, they started to
Castiel opened his eyes and slowly turned around to see his sister, Rachel—Number Three and the only other omega of the seven children besides himself. He wasn’t sure what to say. After six years and no contact, he wasn’t sure how she felt about him. Castiel couldn’t even decipher what that look on her face was, whether it was happy or sad or mad or, worst of all, upset as to why he came back.
“Oh, I see.” Gabe shook his head. “You’d rather hang out with
Dean laughed and nodded. “Yeah, I didn’t have a name for it until now.”
“Sorry. I-I’m sorry, I just meant—”
“Dean, please,” Castiel mewled, panting as Dean’s hands slid down his sides and hooked into the panties he was wearing.
“Why not?”
Sometimes it worried him how much of his relationship with Cas was based on sex. For him, it was never just sex. Not ever. Sharing that part of himself with someone meant something more to him than it did to a lot of people.
Cas looked around Dean’s cabin and noted how much smaller it was compared to the Impala. And the furniture was completely different. The bed was pushed against the west wall and his desk was turned to face towards the entry to his cabin. Sam saw Cas’s face change in slight ways as he took everything in, but as he walked over to Dean’s wardrobe, he saw Cas’s face go back to impassive and blank.
Dean pulled off and came up for a kiss, pushing Cas back into his pants and drawers, buttoning them up. "You alright, angel?"
“Yes,” Cas repeated, pushing back to feel Dean’s own growing erection. He smiled and spread his knees farther apart, gripping onto the sheets below him. “So fucking good.”
meant for strangers in any kind of situation.
“Cas, stop,” Dean said, his muscles flexing and his arms twitching forward only for him to pull them back. “Stop, I can’t.”
“No, I don’t,” Castiel said, and he really didn’t. “The
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, smiling and closing his eyes as he inhaled Dean’s scent.
is dead!” Dean spat, a deep venomous hatred in his words. The sheer intensity of his tone made Castiel feel almost bad for hating Dean right off the bat. He watched as Dean took a deep breath and straighten back up. Dean looked directly into his eyes after that and spoke clearly, “And so dies with him the order of the kingdom during his heinous rule.”
Castiel watched as Dean pushed his trousers and undergarment down his legs. He felt his arousal reaching new levels as he saw Dean’s manhood. He’d seen it before, sure, but this was the first time he really thought about it and what they were about to do in actuality.
“Oh.” Dean was still for a moment before he shrugged. “I say hear them out. They can’t hurt me when you’re around, anyway, so there’s no rush to get out of here.”
“Dean,” Cas complained, only making the man chuckle.
dismissed Castiel even though he had powers, too. They didn’t even stop for a second to think that maybe, just maybe, he was just as involved in the fucking apocalypse as they were.
“Okay, father,” Meg groaned. Cas heard a silence and took his chance.
Dean was that someone.
“Gods, you look so fucking amazing in these, Cas,” Dean said, hooking his thumbs back under the bows and pulling the pink satin fabric down just enough so that he could swallow down Cas’s cock.
to hate you, but I don’t,” Castiel said. “I want to hate you, but I can’t.”
?” Castiel said mockingly. “You’re begging me?”
force someone to do something they’re not okay or ready to do. So, if you get scared or want to leave in a rush, this is how you do it.” Dean turned and showed Castiel how to unlock his door once more. “Got it?”
“Oh,” Jess said, “alright.” She took the tray as she looked at him hopefully. “Would you like some of that honeyed fruit now?”
“You want?” Dean encouraged Cas, moving his other hand under the baggy shirt Cas was wearing to tease at his other nipple. Cas wasn’t able to respond, he yelped and pushed his chest farther into Dean’s hands. “I didn’t know you had such sensitive nipples; I mean, I knew they were sensitive, but I didn’t know they were
“You want my knot tonight, too, then?”
“Your breasts will grow, although only slightly. A male omega’s means of making and storing milk, in the case you ever have pups, is an internal function. It is not akin to the way female omegas and betas store and make milk,” Jess said, “and that is because your breasts are inside your chest, and if you ever do have pups and begin to produce breast milk, you will need to find a way to expel it as soon as possible otherwise it would grow to be very uncomfortable and painful and could cause difficulty breathing due to your breasts and where they are positioned internally.” Jess said.
“He marked them, then?”
’s arrest.
“How long have I been asleep?”
“Oh, yeah?” The officer challenged, “Where?”
“I was just trying to help,” Castiel said, and Jo whipped around to look at him.
“Yes,” Castiel said distractedly as he looked around at the hedges trimmed in the shape of wolves, “I have enjoyed it quite a lot.”
“Yes, Ellen,” Castiel said. Ellen smiled at him warmly. She got up and moved over to help Castiel under his linens and quilts. Once Castiel settled against his pillows and had time to let out the breath he’d been holding in for God knows how long, he finally felt the exhaustion Ellen said she saw in him. There was something else he felt, something new, but he ignored it in favor of closing his eyes.
“Alpha!” Castiel vision went white and he curled into himself with the intensity of his orgasm, clawing as any part of Dean as he could.
“I’m so sorry,” Cas sobbed before he blacked out.
“O-okay,” Dean breathed out as Cas finally was able to pull Dean’s trousers down to about mid-thigh. “What are you angry about then?”
“No…” Cas whimpered, clutching his stomach as he felt bile rise in his throat. “Father, please, no. I don’t want to marry Meg. I don’t—”
Dean pivoted slowly to look at him with a menacing smile on his face. “We’re going to give you what the people paid for.” He picked up the Heretics Fork and walked back over. “It’s getting late though.”
“Nope,” Benny laughed as he came out of the kitchen with another pie. “I've made breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert. All as pies.”
Dean nodded. “Make yourself at home.”
“We don’t fu—” Cas started to protest her terminology, but thought better. The less she knew, the less danger he and Dean were in. “I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Hello,” He said quietly.
“What about Adam?” Castiel asked.
Dean brought a hand up to brush Castiel’s cheek. “Who did this to you?” He asked. His face contorted a moment later into a look of panic and worry. “Oh, fuck, Amara! Where is—”
“Dean,” Sam said, coming up behind the captain. “On your order, everyone’s ready.”
“Who is that?!” Rachel shouted. Gabe suddenly let go of Castiel and leaned down, grabbing this large rock that he threw into the rift.
Castiel laughed, and Dean couldn’t help but smile when he heard his boyfriend moving about the kitchen as he began his search for a new apartment. He felt the couch dip a moment later and looked over to see their new cat.
Cas scooted up on the bed to be eye level with Dean. “You don’t leave me,” he said softly, cupping Dean’s cheek with one hand and running the other through his hair. “Well, maybe physically. But you never have left me. Not really, anyway. You’re always with me,” Cas whispered. He took Dean’s hand and placed it over his heart. “In here. I know I’m not alone.”
“Compliments where compliments are due, baby,” he said, and Castiel couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face. Dean made this all bearable. “I’m ready when you are. We don’t have much stuff here, really.”
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” he asked. “Sex isn’t a solution.”
“A movie date?”
“How are you?” Dean asked, giving Cas a peck on the lips. “It’s only been a day, really, but I missed you.”
“What about—”
But he didn’t. Castiel kept his head down and squeezed his eyes shut even tighter. He cursed every deity he could for giving him this fate. For letting him be born as such an abused designation. He raged that whoever was up there was letting this happen to so many undeserving people.
Castiel’s head swam with unanswerable questions and answers for questions he didn’t even have. Questions he didn’t even know existed. Question he thought he didn’t want to exist.
“Okay, okay, I’m sorry,” Dean said, laughing as he pulled his shirt off. “I’ll make it up to you. You ever been eaten out?”
“I’m perfectly fine with wherever you suggest, Dean. I don’t eat out often, and I can’t cook, so I typically eat sandwiches or cereal. Anything is better than that.” Castiel’s stomach growled as he finished, and he turned back around to make himself a sandwich.
“That doesn’t bode well for us.”
“My name is Charlie,” she said, “I know you are scared right now. You have only ever been in one part of the castle and do not know anywhere else.” Castiel eyed all three of them warily.
“It may not even work.”
“It means I’m someone who is really good at pleasing their partner,” Dean said, only joking a little.
“Y-yes,” Castiel said, and Dean’s smile was blinding. He reached into his pocket and almost dropped his phone in his haste to get it into Castiel’s hand. Castiel quickly tapped in his number and handed the phone back to Dean, blushing lightly at the fact that he just gave some alpha his number.
“Not just any spyglass,” Kevin said, “I spent a week or so working on that to make it so you have multiple lenses that enhance how far you can see.”
Jo made a sound of approval. “Good. What else do you need from us?”
the front door,” Dean said, tilting his head back for Castiel to mouth along the column of his throat.
“It felt natural,” Castiel said, “He is the person I trust most in this world.”
“I do! You were throwing yourself at Dean—who is an
“I’ll hold him, Mr. Winchester,” a girl named Josephine Barnes said. Dean nodded and passed Jack to the first kid in her row and motioned for everyone to hand Jack back to her.
Cas started gasping out
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out. He watched Castiel in awe, curling his fingers into that spot inside Castiel that drove him crazy.
“Three,” Gilda said, looking at Dean for his reaction.
“Yes,” He said, and then gasped as he felt something new against his member. A quick look down showed him that Dean had wrapped his hand around the both of their members and was stroking them together.
“Dean,” Cas gasped, dragging the hand he had on his cock through the cum and precum on his stomach before he brought it up to Dean’s lips, urging the man to lick it clean. Dean smiled as he darted his tongue out to clean off Cas’s hand. He kept his eyes on Cas’s the whole time, feeling a sense of pride at the dazed look in his lover’s eyes.
“I didn’t even feel you pull out,” Cas said, looking down at Dean’s erection. He licked his lips and reached down to wrap his hand around his own cock. “Gods,” he gasped, arching his back as the feeling of immense pleasure coursed through him. “Dean!”
“He’s not going to start conversations about his past, so you’re going to have to help him,” Benny continued.
Alastair bowed his head in thanks. “Gramercy.”
“What would I be doing with Garth in the brig?” Ava asked. Cas made eye contact with Dean for a second before yanking his wrist from her grip. She dropped the knife in her surprise, yelling and grabbing out at Cas as he sprinted into Dean’s arms.
A few tears slipped out of Cas’s eyes and he hid them by burying his face into Dean’s chest. “I love you, too. Dean, I
"Father," Cas wheezed. He started getting lightheaded and cried harder. A vicious cycle started after that.
nine inch
Dean nodded, “Well,” he said. “I was actually thinking that maybe you two could actually come with me on the Impala.” Lisa’s stumbled when Dean finished.
“He should have been a father,” Ellen said, and Castiel’s heart hurt a little at the guilt in her voice. “I should have done more for you, too, Cas. Zachariah was the one to make the decision, but I should have helped you more. I’m sorry I didn’t.”
“That is alright,” Dean said, “I hope that that fact one day changes.”
“Yes,” Cas hissed, keeping his voice low as he continued. “I saw you dock this morning so I put in a plug in preparation for this very moment.”
wanted in life. If I hadn’t been late to that meeting the day after I met Dean I’d be married right now. I wouldn’t be who I am now… I’d just be a shell of a human. Because of Dean, I know what I want to do with my life and it's not spending another second more than I have to sitting and listening to other people tell me things.”
Castiel looked down at his hands, unable to keep looking at Dean. Part of him wished for Dean to go on, but at the same time he wished he could be allowed to go back to his chambers.
“Dean,” Cas whispered almost inaudibly. He wasn’t strong enough to get up and let his oversensitive length breathe. The older man could tell the stimulation was getting to be too much and probably somewhat painful. “Nuh!”
“Give me some,” he said, grabbing the absinthe from Gadreel’s hands.
“Seems to me,” Dean said, his words coming out airy. “That it’s only you that has gotten to the good part.”
“You come so easily,” Dean said, adding a fourth finger and fucking them into that spot until Castiel shot his hand down to stop him.
“Love you,” Cas breathed out. “Love you, too.” They stayed like that until Cas started shivering from the water turning cold. Dean cleaned the cum from between them before reaching over to turn the water off.
Ellen came back over to him, smiling softly as she guided him to his spot to wait for his own cue. She fussed over his dress and veil, sniffling every few seconds to the point it worried Castiel.
“Okay, you three stay here while I take Cas to the edge of the forest,” Dean said, not commanding them to obey, but asking.
Thankfully, Dean caught on to his frustration, and promised he’d make time for them. It took a few days before Dean finally said he would come to get Castiel when he was finished with the day’s duties, and treat him to dinner, but in the grand scheme of things, Castiel wasn’t able to be upset about it because he was finally getting to talk with Dean.
“I healed the cut,” Cas explained, “Not all the way, but there definitely shouldn't be a scar when it's healed all the way now.” Dean smiled, leaning down and kissing Cas again in thanks.
Dean’s mouth lifted up in the corner into a cocky smirk.
“Yes… You’re mine and I’m yours.”
“Dean,” Cas mumbled in his sleep, catching said man’s attention. He smiled at Cas and held his hand tighter.
Dean handed the towel to Cas and watched as he covered himself with it before getting out of the bed.
“I told you this was going to be gentle,” Dean denied Cas’s pleas. Cas gasped loudly and arched his back. He moaned loud enough to wake up the entire ship and thrashed his head from side to side. Dean slowed down further, making Cas gasp and babble out incoherent words.
“You’ve got a little something on your face,” Cas giggled, untangling a hand from Dean’s hair and bringing it to wipe off the chocolate from his face. Dean smiled as he did the same, licking the chocolate off his fingers after he was done.
Dean was only eight when it happened. His father sold him to a royal looking for someone to have around for whenever he needed to…’blow off some steam’.
Cas threw his head back, moaning Dean’s name and pushing his hips into Dean’s touches. Dean moved his hand out of the way and used his own hips to meet Cas’s. Both of his hands slid up Cas’s torso and interlocked their fingers.
, or I will attack.”
"Everyone is outside, you know," Dean whispered, leaning over to kiss Cas's narrow chest.
“Aye,” Benny agreed, standing up as well and walking over to Cas to clap him on the back. “He’s changed.” Cas smiled; he felt as though something inside him had been stitched together after being broken for so long. The word whispered itself in his head:
Castiel couldn’t help smiling shyly. “I-I guess,” he said. Dean handed Castiel his phone and Castiel quickly put in his number.
“Okay, but Cas, still, take it slow and if it hurts or you want to stop just tell me and we can—”
Dean slowed his hips before stopping and giving Cas’s cock a few strokes, milking all the cum he had to offer out. “Do you need me to pull out?” Dean asked, nuzzling Cas’s ear; he wasn’t able to answer. Dean smiled fondly and pulled out, drawing a broken moan from Cas’s chest.
Dean nodded and grinned. “Okay, now what’s your type?” he asked, and Castiel’s face just got redder as he flicked his eyes over Dean’s face.
“Marks that I could’ve healed in a few seconds?” Cas asked, lifting his head to look up at Dean, smiling. Dean returned his smile.
~  ~  ~
“Absolutely,” Dean nodded. Cas heard the sarcasm carefully hidden in his words.
Castiel smiled to himself.
sorry,” he said, and Castiel carefully let his power flow through their bodies, fixing the breaks and cuts and bruises that he’d caused. “We were just kids. We didn’t deserve what dad put us through.”
“I’ve told you before,” Cas started, trying to pry her hand off as she tugged him out of bed, “I can’t promise that he’ll take you with him. It’s not up to me!”
“Wait—wait, what?” Castiel questioned. Dean just winked and gave him a grin before he moved down. He looked up to see Castiel rise onto his elbows, and it made Dean smile as Castiel watched him take his cock into his mouth in one smooth motion. “O-oh!” Castiel gasped, pulling his legs up and opening himself even more. “Y-you’re…”
“Alastair. That was the name of the man. He owns Castle Purgatory on an island called
“Told you...” Dean huffed into Cas’s ear, “...I have stamina.” He punctuated his sentence with a sharp thrust of his hips.
Castiel felt like fire was lighting up every part of him, because he could feel Dean’s tongue moving against his member. The alpha alternated between teasing flicks against the head of his cock and flattening his tongue against Castiel’s length as he bobbed his head. And through it all, he would time these painfully pleasurable sucks perfectly and before Castiel knew what was happening, he was coming.
with Jo?”
That line of thought helped him sleep, but it didn’t mean it got rid of his guilt. He often woke up after only four hours of sleep and couldn’t get back to bed no matter how hard he tried. Which meant he was up and ready by the time anyone came to wake him.
“Just get to it, Dean,” Castiel said. Dean saluted him before moving to circle his tongue around his areola. Castiel’s reaction was something right out of one of Dean’s best wet dreams. He gasped so prettily and moaned so breathlessly at the same time as his hand came to thread into Dean’s hair and hold him where he was. Not that Dean could even think about moving away. He wanted to hear more of those little moans, and if playing with Castiel’s pink buds was going to be what did it?
Tugging Dean closer by his hair, Cas moaned as he felt Dean’s tongue trace along his teeth before tangling with his. Dean slid his hand down Cas’s body and palmed his groin with his hand, groaning as his hand made contact with the hardening member under Cas’s thin blue shorts.
“Well, I can say I’m definitely glad I wasn’t here to see
“I want you to
“I have snacks in the cupboard above the fridge, and other miscellaneous items in the other cabinets,” he said as he finished making up the couch. “There’s juice and some waters in the fridge, so if you get hungry or thirsty, help yourself. But if you need me, my room is just down that hall.”
“It is,” He joked. “Thank you for empathizing with my pain.”
“Dean’s your true mate.”
“I...” He was at a loss for words. Cas knew the answer though. He’d known it the moment Dean left all those months ago.
Maybe they were both wrong and they were just simply making love; but it felt like more than that. It felt deeper. Maybe they wouldn’t ever be able to explain just why, but that was okay because maybe it really was different.
“Yeah,” Cas gasped, moaning loudly.
"What do you want me to do?" Dean repeated. Cas threw his head back in frustration, letting out a high pitched groan. "Do you want me to suck you off? Fuck my fingers into while I’m at it?" Cas snapped his head back up to look at Dean, his eyes looking close to tears. "Or do you want me to fuck you, good and hard? Take your cock in my hand and jerk you off as I pound into you?” Cas let out an involuntary strangled cry as Dean put his hands back on him and he brushed a thumb past the base of Cas’s cock. “What do you want, Cas?”
“Hm,” Cas hummed, pulling Dean in for a quick kiss. “Must be very important, seeing as you’re here, on the bed. With me.”
alphas.
“I love you, too,” Dean panted, lifting his head and kissing over Cas’s face.
“You have no bite,” he said perplexedly, “His Majesty did not mate you? Did he…” Alfie darted his eyes to the three other omegas and lowered his voice, “Did he... Did he hurt you, Cas?”
“We are here for Omega Castiel Novak, intended mate of His Majesty, the King, Dean Winchester.”
However powerful, he’d be dead within the next week, though. Many ex-employees and their families as well as current employees had made sure he’d be gone sooner rather than later. If you were to count up how many people the Sandover family line had screwed over in their time settled on Ohio, you’d have go into unimaginable numbers.
They stared at each other for a moment, bathing in the affections of the other. But that moment ended much too soon for their liking. It was interrupted by Dean’s alarm going off. Alerting them both that they needed to get going.
Alfie was almost three decades older than him, but Castiel was happy for the friendship. Alfie taught him things about the kingdom and what he knew of how the people outside the castle lived. To Castiel, that seemed like a dream: not to be promised to someone—to have your future be clear and ready for you to make it what you want? Castiel wanted that.
“Don’t disappoint me.”
“My ears are ringing,” the blonde woman said. Charlie hit her arm.
“Aye, they love you.”
“Shit,” Dean almost cried. Cas was bobbing his head and swirling his tongue around the head of Dean’s manhood furiously while twisting and pumping his hands along his shaft. “Fu-u-uck!” Cas felt himself smile around Dean’s girth. He bobbed his head for a few more minutes before pulling off and looking at Dean.
Castiel pulled Jo down to him and wrapped his hand around her throat. “Tell me where he is because I will not let you, the Garrison, or anyone hurt Dean. And if you do?” Castiel squeezed his hand harder and harder around Jo’s throat. “I will end you, and everything in my way without thinking
him.” Cas ran his hand through Dean’s hair. “You fought against the monster that
“I don’t know,” Cas cried, his arm flying back to grab onto Dean’s forearm. “Every other night?”
Cas smiled, “I love you, too.”
Dean plunged his tongue into Cas’s mouth as soon as he was able to, tracing along the backs of Cas’s teeth. He could still taste a hint of the bitter and sweet cherry filling from the pie. It was intoxicating and all Dean wanted to do was keep tasting that as well as Cas’s own mouth.
“Where's Dean?” Cas asked, looking at everyone's faces. Fear gripped his heart. “What?”
“I want to tie your hands up,” Dean stated. “You do not have to say yes to this.” He set the rope down and rubbed Cas’s thighs. “I wanted to have this all about you. I want to give you a good birthday.”
Rachel looked like Castiel had hit her. “Of course,” she said, and then glanced at Dean for a split second. “It’s about mom. And it’s important, so can we…?”
“Stop talking with them, please. Don’t go out with them anymore because I know part of the reason they’re trying so hard to be friends with you is because they’re trying to mess with me again,” he said. “If your friendship had been able to grow, I wouldn’t’ve put it past them to only be doing it to get to me again. They’re…” Castiel shuddered as memories of those weeks at summer came came flooding back. “They’re really bad people. They told me they’d always be looking for me.”
Cas shook his head, making himself dizzy. He groaned, closing his eyes and squeezing Dean’s hand. “I want to not be dizzy.”
“Yeah, everyone does. It’s a well known myth.”
“Green,” Cas responded, digging his heels into the bed to ground himself.
and safe and… And...” He trailed off, thinking of Dean as he fell asleep.
Gabe laughed loudly and in an overly fake way. “Great idea, Rach, let's do that,” he took a swig of whatever cocktail he’d made. “Yeah, refreshing. And now that I’ve had time to think about it, I say no. Who’s with me?”
“Right,” Michael said, he stepped aside and let Cas pass to get into bed. “Well, I’ve come to tell you that the search for Ava has ended. I’ve had messages sent to all the neighboring towns that if she’s seen she’s a wanted woman.”
After delaying this fight another two days for Castiel to heal more, Castiel was more than ready. He’d hated backing out or rescheduling fights. It made him irritable and restless not being able to get into the ring. And ever since what happened with Dean, Castiel was even more ready to prove that nothing had actually changed. And winning before the fight had truly started was a good step.
No matter how tempting Castiel was or delectable he looked; what, with how he had one leg thrown over Dean's hips and the other draped across the bed—both bent at odd angles to splay himself open in a way that couldn't be comfortable. Dean knew what he was doing, of course. Castiel was keeping himself open just in case Dean wanted to touch him. Castiel was trying to entice him.
Dean let out a strangled laugh, “Did you just — Was that — Did you just come again?” Cas whimpered in response, curling forward from the intense pleasure flowing through his body. Dean stroked himself as the last of his cum spurted from his tip and landed on Cas’s cock again. He closed his eyes, burying his head in Cas’s neck as he continued to convulse. “I’m gonna take that as a yes,” Dean mumbled, leaning back up to grab whatever article of clothing he could find on the floor to clean Cas up.
“I want to come with you,” Cas insisted. “Please?”
“How do you feel?” Dean asked, dipping his head to suck Cas’s bottom lip into his mouth briefly. Cas was breathing hard and his hands were on Dean’s neck and in his hair, tugging him impossibly closer. Dean pushed his hand into Cas’s drawers and started to jerk him furiously.
Cas straddled Dean’s waist and grabbed the taller man’s wrists. He pushed them up onto the pillows and leaned down to growl into the man’s ear. “Don’t move them.”
“Here,” He said. “I’ll help you.”
Castiel stood up, putting the mechanical eye down and leaned against Arkangel’s tank. “Isn’t it obvious?” he asked.
Dean groaned as his elbows started to shake and almost give out. “Damn it, Cas,” he said breathlessly as Cas kissed his way to Dean’s neck and sucked a bruise into his skin. He grazed his teeth along the hollow of Dean’s throat and used his legs to roll him over onto his back.
“I’m… I’m sorry I’m so hard to love sometimes,” Dean closed his eyes, leaning into Cas’s hand.
“What?” Charlie asked, “What sounded good?”
“You know,” Cas panted, gripping Dean’s shirt collar as Dean’s tongue trailed along his neck. “If I wasn’t so tired from earlier I’d want to fuck again.”
When Castiel got back to his room, Jess, Charlie, and Alfie were waiting for him in front of the fireplace. But now there were two other people sitting with them. Jess got up as soon as the door closed and brought him over so she could introduce him to the newcomers.
“Okay,” Dean said, nodding and sitting on his heels to oil his cock up. He guided himself to Cas’s entrance and pushed in slowly, earning a gasp from Cas.
The conflicting emotions sometimes made him want to shut down again, but those were the times when he was painting he turned to Alfie for help. He didn’t want to spend the rest of his life going through the motions, exhausted by even the littlest of things. Cas wanted to survive with at least some comfortability, and if that meant dealing with the complications of feeling, he was fine to do it.
“Was it dad that made you leave, too?” Rachel snapped. “I
The hands holding his wrists went away and Castiel scrambled to the other side of the bed, crawling off and away from the revolting piece of furniture, into the corner of the room. He made himself as small as possible, crying so hard it was getting getting difficult to breathe.
Chapter Twelve
“Dean,” Cas moaned.
“I should go find Dean and ask him to talk to me?” Cas asked, looking from Benny to Sam and back.
“Sorry, did I wake you?”
“I’d rather not.” Castiel didn’t miss the way Dean’s eyebrows drew together or the way his mouth curved down.
Cas cracked an eye at him, “I’ll be sore alright. But not from you.”
“Dean,” Cas started again, closing his eyes and clutching the stone to his chest. “I need you back as soon as possible. I need you here with me. I need your arms around me, and I need you to tell me everything is going to be okay because right now it does not feel like
“I’m not adorable all the time,” Cas said. “You’ve seen me sneeze. I make a weird face when I sneeze. Gabe laughed himself out of a chair one time.”
If you ever show such a cavalier and chauvinistic attitude in Winchester again, I will not be as lenient.”
“No! I have to get home!” Cas looked at Dean with panicked eyes. “I can’t be seen leaving the ship.”
“That’s true,” he said, “but I also can’t imagine you not being good at something you’re passionate about.”
“Um… I don’t believe we’ve met,” Rachel said.
knowing that your
“We know,” Benny said, looking back up into Dean’s eyes. “
“You are my king, your Majesty,” Castiel said carefully, “I adore you as all your subjects do.”
“Nothing,” Sam said quickly. Benny sighed and leaned back against the counter behind him.
“Nothing’s stopping you,” Cas mumbled. The next moment had Dean spinning them around and pushing Cas’s arms above his head.
“Thank you, gentlemen,” Dean said, only to rub salt in the wounds. “I guess I
“Exactly,” Cas said, nodding. Dean let go of Cas’s wrists and slid them down to Cas’s hips, tugging at the hem on the button up shirt Cas was wearing.
