“I can’t, Sam,” he hears himself say, his words quiet and twisted to his ears. He looks over to see the Sam deflate, shoulders sinking and eyes brimming with enough sympathy that Dean’s stomach tightens. “I just… can’t.”
“He is.” Dean shrugs and starts to drum his fingers on the book in front of him. It’s all in Latin and has been an absolute pain to translate. “But I think there might be a spell or a ritual or
“Oh, good show,” it says cheerfully before it steps back, clapping its hands together. “I’d say good luck, but I do rather want you to fail.”
But Sam just turns around in his seat and stares at Dean over the headrest as he shakes his head. “We have to talk about this,” he insists. “What the hell is going on?”
“You too, Jack,” he finally murmurs, long after Jack’s breath has evened out into the slow pace of sleep and the only sound in the room is his soft snores.
. It doesn’t stop him from making a quick detour though as the liquor aisle pops up on his left. He grabs two crates of beer with ease and piles them on top of everything else before heading for the checkouts.
Sam nods, chin digging into Dean’s head where it sits. “He’s okay,” he reassures. “Just very tired. He wanted to be in here with you for when you woke up, but we all agreed it would be best for you to find him when you’re ready.”
He’s breathless after the first, choking after the second, and by the third he’s gritting his teeth hard enough that he’s sure his jaw will snap under the pressure as his eyes start to well with sharp stinging tears. The darkness moves around him, suffocating as it closes in. Each step feels like he’s wading through-hardened cement as the darkness pushes him back, swelling in from all sides.
It just sits on top of the black liquid for a long moment and Dean’s heart thuds in his ears as he waits to see what will happen. Eventually, it starts to sink, and Dean is just reminded of the black goo that crawled out of that bloody brick wall, that slid over Cas and covered every inch of him and yet still,
Dean keeps shaking his head but he knows that Sam is right, that this has to be the place, and forces himself to remember that even if he can only think of the black goo seeping from the wall and consuming Cas whole.
He drags his feet to his room, rubbing his hands harshly over his face in an attempt to wake up a bit more. It doesn’t really work, which has him kicking off his boots and shrugging his jacket from his shoulders with distaste. Normally, he’d be comfortable just heading to the bathroom and walking around in a towel, but it doesn’t feel respectful to Eileen if he bumps into her so he settles for pulling open his drawers to find some comfortable clothes.
“What?” Dean demands, pushing back from the counter and moving to go stand in front of his brother. “What do you mean you haven’t decided yet? She should
“It's not your fault,” Sam says kindly, his hand coming up to grip Dean’s elbow tightly as Dean finds it hard to breathe. He wants to shove his brother off as anger brews beneath his skin, but his hands are frozen at his sides as he just stares and stares at Jack.
The last room he stepped into was Cas’s, and Dean feels the press of the cassette he’s kept with him since against his thigh where it’s tucked into his jeans pocket. He hasn’t forgotten the crushing feeling in his chest when he’d looked around Cas’s sparse room. He knows Jack’s isn’t much better, the sight of his empty room still burnt into his eyes from the night they got back to the bunker. It feels like eons ago, not just a handful or so of weeks, and Dean’s
“Do you…” Jack pauses, purses his lips. “Do you love Cas?” He scrunches up his nose as Dean feels his stomach
“There is a way,” Cas murmurs though, and Dean glances at him to see Cas is looking right back. There’s something unreadable in his eyes, and Dean frowns as Cas gives him a soft smile and presses their thighs together where they sit side-by-side.
Dean stands up, cutting off Sam’s sentence with his sudden movement, and he’s breathing heavily as he forces his fists to stay at his sides no matter how much he wants to start swinging. “Why the
He looks at Eileen, who looks hopeful and terrified all at once. At Jack, whose eyes are watery but still determined. At Sam, who’s waiting with bated breath and a shaking hand.
But there are the odd things, Dean notices as he walks across the room, trailing his fingers over Jack’s desk as he realises it's sparse but not as much as he thought. There’s a pair of headphones that look suspiciously like the ones Sam lost a few months back sat on top of Jack’s laptop, a teddy bear tucked behind a neat pile of t-shirts on the nearby dresser, a stack of comic books on the bedside table with a feather sticking out of the one on top and Jack’s only picture of his mother perched beside them.
He knows he’ll need to tell Sam soon, but for now, Sam is okay with waiting and, as the Scooby Doo theme song starts to play on the tinny speakers, Dean lets himself think it's enough.
He starts to pick up the bottles, the clattering of them against one another making him wince, but he perseveres as he scoops most up to place on the counter. Eileen is right. He was supposed to be in his
Even before then, when Lucifer killed Cas that first time, and Dean thinks maybe that’s why he hasn’t been able to say goodbye this time despite the finality of it. Because Cas never stayed dead, because there was always a story written and Chuck was determined to tell it and that story was never supposed to include Cas but Cas was always
But then there’s a sudden noise from across the street and, without thought, Dean takes off towards the cafe with Sam hot on his heels. His heart is thumping loudly, blood rushing in his ears, and he can’t explain the sudden burst of
The Shadow glares back at him, a snarl curling its lips back. “Very bold, Dean Winchester,” it sneers, “but what’s to stop me from throwing you so far into the Empty that you never see me or your precious angel ever again?”
Dean doesn’t respond, just steps back and nearly trips over Miracle. The dog yelps and Dean swears as he catches himself on the counter, turning angry eyes to glare at Miracle only for the rage to ebb away as Miracle curls away from him.
Jack shuffles awkwardly beside him, and Dean drops a hand onto his shoulder in reassurance. He has a fleeting thought of who’s in there, who could come back. Crowley, Gabriel…
it doesn’t mean he couldn’t be wrong now. Dean spent too much time around Chuck to be deluded into thinking any deity is all-knowing, no matter how much he might wish it were the case.
. Dean claps his hand to Sam’s shoulder before pulling him back out in the street where Jack is still standing, hands behind his back and that smile still on his face.
“He told me he loved me,” he continues, voice snagging on the words and he won’t say more, won’t tell them about Cas’s speech because that’s not for them. It’s for Dean and Cas only, dammit. “And then the Empty took him and it took Billie and he
“Oh shit,” Dean mutters, and he practically rolls out of bed, lucky to land on his feet. Of course the dog is whining. He doesn’t know what time it is but he can guarantee the dog is busting to go outside, probably hungry and thirsty too while he thinks about it.
It’s a suffocating feeling that rears up as he finally thinks about those words, the way they’d fallen flat and hollow between them, and Dean realises… realises….
He falters at the door though, hand stalling on the doorknob. Cas is on the other side, maybe waiting for Dean or maybe not. The nerves he’d managed to push down are creeping back up again and Dean suddenly finds it hard to breathe.
“Yes, it is.” Jack tilts his head to the side, chuckling when Miracle does the same. “He’s happy here. He likes you and Sam and Eileen.” He frowns, his hand stilling between Miracle’s ears before he looks over at Dean. “He wonders why you’re so sad though.”
Dean’s mouth hangs open, words catching over and over in his throat. “Are you…” he starts, shaking his head, “Jack, are you saying-”
“I don’t know what I’m going to say to him,” he admits, surprised with how easily the words come out. Sam hums in acknowledgment, and Dean glances over to see his brother is watching him with careful eyes. “Now that he’s here… what should I say?”
He sits bolt upright before his eyes even open, heart pounding loudly in his ears as he finds he’s gasping for breath. What little remains of his dream fade away, the thumping black he’d been consumed by disappearing as he turns his head to see Sam staring right back at him.
Dean just shakes his head and his shoulders start to tremble as Eileen presses down and digs her fingers into his shirt. Miracle is nearby, Dean can feel the dog’s chin resting on his knee, but still, he can’t pull his hands away.
Jack nods, pushing his head up against Dean’s palm. “Good,” he murmurs sleepily, eyes slipping slowly closed. “You deserve to be happy.”
this before. He’s not sure who’s taken it, most likely Eileen from the angle and considering its in the bunker, but it’s definitely been a sneaky photo since none of them are actually looking at the camera. Jack’s in the middle, a brilliant smile on his face as Sam stands behind him with his large hands resting on his shoulders. Dean and Cas have their arms around each other as they face the other two, Dean grinning back at Jack with his hand extended as if he’s just shoved Jack playfully.
It’s not as empty as Cas’s, but it’s certainly not a typical kids' room. There are no posters on the walls, nor mixup of clean and dirty washing piled on the floor, or any old dishes lying about. Even the bed is neatly made, and Dean knows it must’ve been Sam that taught Jack that. He hasn’t made a bed in years.
, a sharp agonising pain ripping down behind the backs of his eyes and he presses the palms of his hands tightly against them as he lets out a groan.
It takes time to locate the book, especially when Dean finds it tucked at the very back of one of the bookshelves he knows is filled with Rowena’s journals and other books of personal interest to Sam. He carries it to the table on top of an armload of others he’s never read before. Jack had a point when he said so many hadn’t been read yet, although Dean wasn’t aware of just how many.
Dean knows it is, but it doesn’t matter now. Cas isn’t coming back and there’s no point in rehashing things that have long since gone by. Sam doesn’t need to know about what happened, there’s no reason, and Dean is well aware this crack in his chest is going to be hard enough to mend without having his brother trying to help along the way.
When he looks up this time, the rift is glowing brightly in front of him, the gold glistening as the red still holds the black at bay. He would let out a cry of relief if he had anything left in him, but it takes the last of his energy to stumble forward those last few inches as he reaches out, determined to touch the rift.
The words hit like a physical blow, winding Dean as he feels his legs shake. “No,” he says, the word barely a whisper. Sam is looking at him, eyebrows pulled together in concern, but Dean won’t meet his gaze. His bravado is gone with that one word, this one realisation.
Neither move for a long time. Eventually, Dean looks away from the window to look at the back of Sam’s head in front of him and he tightens his hand in the dog’s fur. He can feel it coming, knows Sam has been too quiet for too long, and he knows the questions will come even as he wishes Sam would just
Only to be stopped as the Shadow suddenly appears in front of him, Dean’s fingers pushing against the chest of Death as the Shadow looks at him with a twisted smile, eyes cold and dark as it lets out an ugly laugh.
Dean always follows behind at a slower pace with Miracle’s lead dangling from his jacket pocket or around his neck, never being used. At first, he’d not been overly fond of their walks, only going because Miracle needed the exercise, but eventually, he’d found himself looking forward to their daily tramps through the forest.
Finally, he makes it back to the impala with his trolley load of stuff. Miracle is going nuts as Dean unloads everything into the boot, hopping around the car with too much energy. Dean reckons the dog needs a walk but, by the time he’s put the trolley away and sunken into the driver's seat, he’s feeling a bone-deep exhaustion as droplets of rain start to patter on his windscreen.
The dog is patiently sitting in the middle of the hall, watching him with wide soulful eyes as Dean crosses back to his room. He doesn’t hesitate this time in opening his door and pushing in, and he waits until the dog slips in after him before he closes it with a much gentler click than he had with Jack’s room. He manages his way by memory through his room until he flicks on the light on top of his dresser. It lights up the room enough for him to see, but it won’t bother him as he finally collapses down on his bed, rolling onto his side until the light is behind him.
There’s a long moment before Sam clears his throat. “I thought we’d agreed on just beer,” he murmurs, and Dean’s hands shake.
It’s an oxymoron if he’s ever heard one. Cas just continues to look as confused as Dean feels, and he shuffles on the bed until he sits cross-legged in front of Cas, determined to hold his gaze.
“You kept him,” Jack says, his voice filled with wonder as Miracle leans into his touch and Jack’s face just
Sam looks so downcast, so broken down that Dean nearly steps forward to wrap his arms around his brother just to try and push that look away.
“Cas…” he starts to question, but Jack clears his throat across the table and catches their attention.
“Food first?” he asks Miracle, glancing over to see the dog is too captivated by what's going on outside to really listen. It makes Dean smile to himself before he turns the car towards the nearest diner.
It’s too much, a violent deja vu, and Dean’s knees go weak as Cas’s face is once more swallowed up by the Empty, but it’s followed by a sudden brutal shock as the goo dredges away and Dean is left staring at…
His neighbor turns and raises an eyebrow when he sees him, like he was expecting him to have gone already. Okay, that's rude.
"You're paying me, that's more than enough," Dean dismisses, squirming in his seat. Castiel is staring at him in that weird way he has, like he's trying to read Dean's mind.
Fyi, I'm also on tumblr, so if you're like me and can't move on from spn (but also love sebastian stan because how can you not),
The irony is clear to him now. He was the one to put clear lines between them at the start, to swear against that damned pretend boyfriend trope, yet in the end, he was the one that got lost in the game. This is no movie. Bums like him don't end up with the prince. Cas enjoyed the fun they had together, but asking him for more than that is delusional.
Dean’s soul reacts to this so viscerally that they’re suddenly surrounded by the bunker’s kitchen. Castiel is standing behind the counter, visible for the first time outside of a mirror. This is my mind, Dean realizes. The Wave floats all around, on the inside of Dean’s mind, curious yet hesitant.
“You asked me to let you apologize…” Cas says, a teasing glint in his eyes despite the previous tension.
Dean can’t help but look at the kid, suddenly feeling the urge to reassure himself that he’s safe. Jimmy is just a baby. How could anyone want to hurt him?
Conflicting images flash behind his eyelids. A first meeting in a barn with literal sparks flying and as much fright as wonder in Dean's eyes. Another one in the garage Dean is now working at. Castiel only went there because he was missing him, never believing he would get to have more than a few minutes with Dean, thinking it would be their last. It ended up being a new beginning for them.
Naomi slides her arm under his and guides him to a long table covered in cold meats. He's never seen so many types of mixed meats before. He can barely keep himself from drooling.
All of Cas' stuff is still in the guest bedroom and he only spends the night in Dean's bed if he falls asleep after sex. Other times he kisses Dean good night and goes back to the guest bedroom.
After a short speech from Naomi welcoming everyone and wishing them a good meal, they all start filling their plate with cold cuts, potatoes, and some pickles.
Cas sighs and observes the outfits. The first one is a pair of basic blue jeans and a black tee. Classic, simple, not very original. Dean always looks good in that attire though.
He discovered people react weirdly to his unfamiliarity with things they consider basic the day he confessed to Jody that he never had ice cream. He was twelve and she made him have ice cream every day for two months straight, like it could somehow make up for it. While he appreciated the intention, all it actually did was give him stomach ache and mild diarrhea.
They both watch the kid leave the room. As soon as he's gone, Cas' shoulders seem to drop. He looks like he hasn't gotten much sleep either, eyes bloodshot and a little haggard.
Dean lets out a long whine when Cas' guides his cockhead just a bit closer. It traces the shape of Dean's lips, just barely, just brushing, like Cas is putting lipstick on Dean's lips with his cock. Dean can't help but taste his lips after, moaning at the first bitter taste of another man.
He lets out a whimper when Dean finally gets the right rhythm going between the stroke of his hand and bob of his head. Dean's neck and jaw are starting to hurt, but it feels good, better than he ever thought giving head could. It's a high made of Cas' pleasure and Dean feels like he's flying, his own hips humping the mattress.
Dean is crouching just in front of him, one hand on his thigh and the other on his cheek. He looks in his eyes, shaking him when Cas can’t keep them open long enough for him to check his pupils.
By the time Dean is clothed, he's realized that the guy doesn't intend to come back and that he will have to escort himself out. He throws a look into the corridor. They were in the office on the ground floor. This house's layout looks the same as Dean's, with the living room, office and kitchen here, and probably two bedrooms and the bathroom upstairs.
"I'm talking about all that," Dean says, designating the table and Cas and pretty much everything. This night has been so perfect that it's making Dean suspicious. He doesn't get to have such nice things in his life.
Cas chuckles sadly. "Yeah. Me too," he confirms, taking his hands away from Dean's to take a sip of his drink. "The thing is...You think my family is bad. That Lucifer is an asshole, and my mother is too strict, but what you have to understand is that they gave up everything that day. My mom gave up on her marriage, her congregation, her hometown and all her friends, even her own parents. For
Bobby is looking at him weird, squinting like he's trying to multiplicate large numbers in his head or something. Dean decides to ignore it.
It’s strange how every time Castiel thinks he’s getting to know Dean, the other teen manages to surprise him with another aspect of his personality. He’d seen Dean and Sam together before, but never like this, never in their own home. Of course, he had noticed how much Dean cares about his little brother, and how their dad never seems to be around, but now that he’s here and can’t see any sign of another man's presence at all in this home, he wonders for the first time how often their dad is actually here.
"This wasn't a date. Wait. Was it?" Dean teases, looking at Charlie up and down. She has forgone her fancy clothes in favor of a giant yellow IT Crowd t-shirt and purple galaxy leggings.
So what if Castiel found love or whatever and built a life for himself? Cas is his friend and he should be happy for him. He doesn’t have the right to be anything else.
“Just a few times,” Dean deflects, moving the kid to his other hip and looking around to try and find something to distract him.
"Maybe that has to do with neighbors trying to give me a heart attack. Seriously dude, wear shoes or a freaking bell next time," Dean reproaches, pointing at Castiel's bare toes peeking out of the freshly cut grass.
Dean takes a deep breath, squeezes Cas’ hand and focuses on the bunny. There’s a fire starting from the point of contact with Castiel and going up along his arm, burning more and more as Sam and Naomi continue to speak. The room shines brighter and brighter until Dean can’t keep his eyes open anymore.
"I'm sorry to hear that, Dean," Naomi says. He looks at her and can see nothing but sincerity in the blue of her eyes, so he offers her a small smile in thanks.
Once he had decided that he wanted to have intercourse, Dean Winchester seemed like the obvious choice.
He’s watching a group of people trying to light a bonfire on the lawn, wondering if he should preemptively call the fire department. They seem to be trying to lit it by smashing rocks together, so he thinks he’s safe for now.
"Second," Charlie continues, ignoring what he said, "Cas obviously wants you, so stuff it. Okay, maybe he doesn't want to marry you right now, but he
They stay like this for so long, eyes closed, that he can feel Dean starts to shiver, his sweaty skin cooling down against the frigid air of the bunker. Cas lets his hands caress Dean’s skin a last time before they’re both instantly cleaned and clothed again.
On the way back, Bobby stops at a general store and they both go their own way through the aisles. Dean buys two packs of warm socks, a reusable water bottle, a new thermos so he can fill his old one with soup and the new one with coffee, some trash bags (it's not very dignified but it keeps warm), wet wipes to wash up, and the thickest sleeping bag he can find. It's his first winter in the street, he's not sure what else he could need. Last year, he still had his apartment. It was shitty, but at least he had central heating.
"Consider me as your new bank then. I'm not giving any of it back until you decide to stop acting like an idiot," Benny explains, putting the envelope in his own back pocket. Dean mumbles something in answer, he's not even sure what. "In the meantime, that's staying in my safe."
It's only a matter of minutes before they unload someone's trunk and install themselves in Dean's garden.
Please don't stay so silent. Comment something, anything. You can just post a comma and I'll know that means you liked it or a rate between 0 and 5? You can even tell me what you've hated about it and I'll try to do better next time.
Cas frowns at the strange language, before yelping, nearly falling on his ass when Jo starts running toward the living room, littleraly plucking Charlie from his back as she passes by them and dragging the red head with her.
Somehow, they've managed to wrap their bodies around one another so tightly during the night that he's not even sure where his left arm is. The only part he can clearly feel is his boner that is firmly nudged right in the crack of Cas' ass and wow, that's way too much homo for him. He tries to wriggle his arm free from under Cas' torso without waking him, but the guy weighs a ton, especially with Dean draped over him.
“And I’m not going to abandon my brother to go to some stupid ass College, so you can shove it, Bobby,” Dean answers, voice as strained as Castiel has ever heard it. The jock’s fists are clenched on the table. “Now, are we going to eat that freaking pie or should I just leave right now?” he says, voice calmer but eyes flashing dangerously at his uncle.
Cas scratches his teeth along the sharp edge of the hunter’s jaw, savoring the way it makes Dean tremble against him. Cas is leaning forward to do it again, when the human catches his lips with his. A pinch to his nipple makes Cas gasp, and Dean takes the opportunity to deepen the kiss.
"Dean, wait," Cas says. It takes Dean breath away. He's imagined Cas saying this to him that last night in Vermont so many times that it's heart wrenching to hear those words now. He can't quite bring himself to turn around, eyes fixed on the driver cab of his truck just a few feet away, on the clear escape right in front of him. "Would you…," Cas hesitates, voice barely audible over the noise of traffic. "Would you have a cup of coffee with me?"
“Human souls aren’t tangible enough for that kind of spell, they are too incorporeal to support the weight of the magic,” Sachiel explains.
After a while, his body starts relaxing despite his mind still being in turmoil. Like Dean can feel him sag against him, he puts his arm around his shoulder properly instead of the couch. He even squeezes him a little around the neck, ruffling his hair happily when what is apparently the good team scores (not the red one as it turned out).
Yet Castiel...he's spent the whole drive here wondering if the scruff on his cheeks would feel rough like his own or softer (it's softer, he touched it last night). He has the most beautiful eyes Dean has ever seen, woman or man. His voice makes Dean shiver in places he definitely shouldn't shiver for a man. And his damn hair. Dean wants to either pull on it or tame it at all times.
"It's hella relevant, Dean. That kid looks like he worships you. And Cas looked like you kicked his puppy, by the way."
He gets up, triomphant, and nearly falls back on his ass, winded. He goes to his Baby with a relieved smile, pushing the snow away from her windshield so he can take a good look at her. If he can get inside, he'll be able to change out of his wet clothes and bury himself under a pile of blankets. He'll still be cold, but he might survive this night after all.
“Dee-book, from its description I’d say it was some kind of demon that was referenced into Jewish mythology as far back as the nineteenth century.”
“Yeah I do. You told me that whole story about your brother and I’ve told you nearly zero personal things about me yet,” Dean argues. “Plus your whole family history is on every time I turn on my TV these days, so it kinda feels unbalanced.”
“Great. Just sit and enjoy the fashion show then,” Dean says, grabbing Cas’ shoulders and making him sit on the edge of the bed. Dean takes off his shirt immediately after, and Cas’ eyes go round. The other teen notices his shock and smirks. “Nothing you haven’t seen before, bucko,” he adds with a wink before opening his pants.
“I understand your logic, Arariel, but the wards would block him if he had even an ounce of Grace inside him,” Castiel considers.
Dean is still panicking, checking if his lack of underwear is noticeable through the backwater, when the glass door slides open and Cas comes onto the heated veranda.
Castiel bites his lip. It’s such a human thing to do that it always throws Dean for a loop. He wonders where Cas got that habit. From whom.
She stays silent for a moment, her eyes on him. It's long enough that he starts to squirm in his chair under the weight of her gaze. What is it with those people and staring?
“It won’t work for Jimmy because of the collar and most of Bartholemew’s troup are fallen angels that we didn’t let back into Heaven,” Cas rejects the idea. “Can it work retroactively?”
When he arrives in the dining room, the long table they ate at last night is empty. The butler, Mister Ketch, guides him to the heated veranda instead where a bunch of round tables are gathered. The glass panel offers a breathtaking view of the lake below, but Dean is too nervous to enjoy the view, zeroing on Cas instead.
“What do you mean, he keeps popping everywhere? He’s done it before?” Sam asks, not seeming happy about being kept in the dark. Oops.
"Well, he's driving a Tesla, isn't he?" she answers with a raised eyebrow and...okay, he can't argue with that. He makes a face confirming just that before he turns around and walks to the truck, maybe a little faster that is needed. Maybe he can have the car and himself out of here before he even has to find out if it
Dean can't resist, he grabs Castiel by the back of his neck and brings him forward. Their noses bump painfully and their teeth clash and they're mostly panting into each other's mouth rather than kissing, but it still feels good, still feels perfect.
“Stop it!” Castiel yells. “Why are you doing this?” he implores, hating the tone of his voice and how a few words can cause him such turmoil.
"If I- If I get into the jacuzzi with you? N-," Castiel seems to swallow back the word before he can utter it, "Naked?"
He doesn't exactly have a stellar past in terms of romance and relationships. He's always been more of a fuck them and leave them kinda man. The last girlfriend he had was Cassie in highschool and it lasted about four months. Or did Lisa count? He was very fond of Lisa, even though that ship sailed after about five dates.
That night, Jody sleeps in his bed, holding his hand. He likes when she sleeps with him, though never dares to ask her to. He’s glad she’s here now. He still has nightmares of monsters lurking on the outside of blankets forts, but every time he opens his eyes and she’s there, it reminds him that sometimes the blanket falls over and a knight with a star on their heart is there to protect him.
Except he looks disappointed all of a sudden. Not for long though, because Cas is good at hiding his sadness behind confusion and soon one of his eyebrows goes up in a slightly exaggerated way.
Cas looks up when the door is pushed a little more, the baby following his dad’s gaze. Next thing he knows, Dean is fumbling to catch the kid that just appeared right against his chest with a happy shriek.
A tap on his naked ass makes him yelp in surprise and they both laugh. Cas turns around, to avoid the touch as much as to try and change the subject. He grabs the back of Dean's neck, clashing their lips together in a kiss that doesn't last as long as he would like. He still marvels at the fact that he can do that now, at the privilege it is to be able to caress and kiss Dean whenever he wants to. He does it a lot.
“You’re throwing your life away, kid,” Bobby sighs, deflating. He sits back, taking off his cap to rub at the top of his head. He looks defeated.
“That sounds like one hell of a nightmare, Cas,” Dean breathes, compassionately. He seems to reflect on it for a moment, slowly swinging his feet on the surface of the water and watching the ripples it causes. “Is it true?” Dean asks, voice rough like he can barely get the words out.
Dean takes his time anyway, sucking a mark on the taut skin of Cas' stomach, mouth following that damn happy trail that has been driving him crazy for so long. He noses at the band of the panties, trailing small kisses along it until he can bite at the sharp edge of Cas' left hip.
He’s interrupted by Sam running straight to the front door, barely stopping as he runs outside screaming “shotgun!”. Castiel has no idea what that means.
She muffles something that sounds like an apology, face so squished against his breast bone that he can't understand her words. He doesn't need to. He hugs her back anyway.
Dean let out a contented sigh as he let himself fall back in his chair, patting his stomach contentedly. That was one good meal, damn. He feels like his stomach is going to burst from all this deliciousness.
"And I'll pay you, you know I will. But to get the money, I need a job, and to get that job I need some new clothes and-"
“I actually have something to tell you, too,” Cas says, somber and with an apprehension that makes Dean’s stomach churns with worry.
Is that how Cas lived that moment? Did he...did he let Dean do this so he wouldn’t abandon him again?
He calls up every contact that he has that could have important information. As big as it is, Edlund Corp. is a family business. Chuck has had many children with many wives and he considers his company his legacy, which means that Cas’ siblings (half-siblings, mostly) are at the Head of most departments. He calls Michael at the Department of Finances, Gabriel at Marketing and Distribution, and Lucifer at Mechanics and Renovation, asking them all the files they have on every single one of his department’s sales for the last two years.
Dean looks slowly from Jody to Bobby, and back again. He takes another long sip, letting them stew a little longer.
Yet that’s the truth. He’s never felt like this for a guy before. Hell, he’s not even sure Cas entirely qualifies as a man. He’s...What did he call it? An eternal wasteland...no wavelength of something. Not a guy. Dean’s very much still heterosexual.
Dean gives him a deadpanned look. God, now he hopes those vampires are still around, because cutting some heads sound good right about now.
"Listen, I'm not gonna spill my whole life story to you," Dean says, getting annoyed and defensive. "Why are you here, Naomi?" he asks, more brusque.
“It’s in his butt,” Charlie says helpfully. She takes the key back from him and uncaps it to show him.
"Of course, ma'am. I'm sorry my past is so disappointing to you," Dean says regretfully. "I'll go pack now."
"I am too. I just want to give you everything you deserve," Cas says, their eyes so close that it's making them go cross-eyed.
“Well that was sobering,” Castiel declares later, hair still wet and shivering despite Dean’s pajama and the blanket someone wrapped around him.
Dean points at the car behind him with one of his hands, making sure to make no sudden move and keeping them above his head. "That's my car."
“Ouhhh, becoming a player, aren’t you? I’m proud of you, man," Dean encouraged. He goes as far as to raise his arm for a fist bump, trying to smile as big as his mouth can go. In his peripheral vision, he notices that Sam has been drinking from an empty glass for almost ten seconds.
,” he says the last word in such a harsh way that even he flinches, realizing too late that he went too far. He never calls her that, and they both know he’ll never call her that. She’s not his mom, someone else is; Just like somebody else used to be Jody’s son. Both those people are gone now and they’re all that is left behind.
“Are you going to eat that pie?” Dean asks, pointing to the plate that Cas still hasn’t touched. Cas chuckles, giving his plate to Dean who beams at him in return. The jock then proceeds to stuff the whole slice in his mouth in one go, chewing exaggeratedly with his mouth open until Castiel bursts out laughing.
“You definitely picked a good day because Dean has been in a surprisingly good mood lately,” Sam notes, smiling as he slides on a stool behind the counter.
In the next blink, Jimmy is sitting on his lap, happily slapping the table in front of them with the yellow stuffed rabbit Castiel brought him from God knows where, along with a ton of other baby stuff. Sam chuckles and Cas smiles tenderly at his son, automatically taking the cutlery from in front of Dean before Jimmy manages to hurt someone or cause a disaster.
"Look, I know it's none of my business, but just because I have a nice soul or whatever and the kid likes me doesn't mean you should let him go to a stranger's house like that."
“Nope,” Jo quips, raising on her tiptoe to kiss him on the cheek. She punches Cas's shoulder amicably. “Don’t die, it would suck,” she declares, with a friendly smile. She then grabs Charlie’s hand and drags her out the door while the red head looks anxiously at Cas.
"Heh, it's not that bad. At least, you're hot," he says with a wink. Which is obviously a very weird thing to say, judging by Cas' face. Yeah, well, even as a fake gay man, Dean's got to have standards.
Sam still doesn’t look convinced. He also looks done with Dean’s bullshit because he rolls his eyes and gets up, heading toward the library.
"I know them well enough to say that they don't deserve you. Please, Cas, we can go away together, drive south until you have to shed that stupid trenchcoat, until you can be free of them."
He comes in a long moan, a shiver making him curl up a little more against the couch, soothingly rubbing his cheek against the pillow under his head.
Dean rolls out of bed, landing on his feet and rushing to the bathroom. He's just putting his toothbrush in his mouth when Cas appears at his side. Dean raises an eyebrow and Cas' shrugs, taking his own toothbrush.
Dean stares at him, searching his face for so long that Cas is afraid that he might detect the truth under the walls he's keeping. Sometimes he wishes Dean would see it, that Dean will remember. He wishes he could have his Dean back, the Dean he first fell in love with. He knows he can't, he knows it will never happen because Dean would die if he did. Both Deans.
Jack is sitting crossed legs on the floor, playing with his plushie. Castiel grabs him under the armpits and starts walking out, but Dean hurries to follow him.
The noise of his engine as it starts up when the light turns green seems louder than ever. Cas tenses, worried that he’ll cross paths with police. He feels like a criminal being outside like this, which is all kind of absurd.
Dean ignores the goosebumps making a comeback at the way this guy says his name. It sounds like a dirty word between his lips. Yet again, with a voice like that, everything sounds dirty.
“I’ve never ever been inside a sports shop,” Cas grumbles, shoulders dropping. The last outfit is a formal black suit and a white shirt, with a black tie over it. “Dean,” Cas whines, at a loss.
"He was in the chicken coop, trying to steal one of our chickens to create his own community in the treehouse," the man with a long black beard explains, looking amused.
Their appointment with his therapist isn’t really useful. He understands what Jody is saying, as well as what she’s not saying. He doesn’t know if she’s right, but he knows that he owes her, so he’ll do it. Whatever was or was going to be between him and Dean is over.
Dean bites the inside of his lips, still looking at the portrait even though the kid has now laid his head on his shoulder, rubbing his fists to his eyes and looking like he’s on the verge of falling asleep. Dean reflexively rubs a hand on the baby’s back as he snuggled his nose into the hunter’s shirt, sniffing sleepily.
“Fast, but not too fast, I don’t think,” Charlie says, sounding uncertain as she squeezes his wrist. “We should call Jody.”
Winchester has apparently moved his laptop to his kitchen. Castiel has no idea what it is that Winchester is trying to make, but he’s pretty sure there isn’t supposed to be that much flour on his
“I’m not doing nothing. I’m taking care of my brother because he’s hurt,” Dean grits between clenched teeth.
"You're right, we should know more about each other. Actually, I've made a list," Castiel pipes up, pressing a button and taking his hands off the wheel. Dean nearly jumps to grab it before they end up in a ditch, but the wheel seems to move on his own as Castiel searches his jacket's pocket. He hands Dean a two pages long bullet point list of questions such as 'what's your favorite color'.
Dean blanches. “What night?” he asks, voice strangled. He knows exactly what night Cas is talking about. The night Cas babysat his coworker’s kid, the last night they spent together. His heart is beating fast and his legs tensing with the need to run away just thinking about it. Cas sends him an impatient look, calling Dean on his bullshit.  “No, we don’t. We said we would never talk about it again,” he reminds, voice firm.
As you must have notice, 'my' Cas is very different from the Cas in canon. The original plan was to make him TheEnd!Cas, but it ended up being more of a mix of TheEnd!Cas, Canon!Cas and Misha. I hope you'll like him anyway^^
Castiel's eyes are wide in worry. "It's okay, Dean," he reassures. There is such kindness in his eyes, even now, when Dean was expecting frustration or reproach. It instantly relaxes him again. It reminds him of the kind of man Castiel is and why he's even started to want him in the first place. They exchange a small smile as Dean takes a few deep breaths to calm down.
Dean gives him a nonplussed look. The cash feels heavy in his hand. He's never had so much before. This could help him get a new start. What's a night of playing Downton Abbey compared to the many many nights he might not have to freeze his ass off in the backseat of his car thanks to it?
Dean craves more, always so much more with Castiel. He grabs the back of Castiel's neck, trying to keep him close for as long as he can. ”Come with me," Dean whispers in the small space between their mouths.
She's wearing an immaculate white tailored suit, with a long coat thrown over her shoulders, shining diamonds hanging from her ears. It's a sharp contrast to the pile of junk cars behind her. Just looking at her makes Dean feel dirty, and he can't help but grab a dishcloth to wipe some of the motor oil from his hands. It's hopeless, his nails are permanently dark now, and his white t-shirt is stained with dust and oil. He's wearing some of Bobby's hand me down jeans. The older man hasn't been able to fit in them for years, but they're still a little too big on Dean, hanging low on his hips. Even now that he has a decent job and income, just standing in front of Naomi's makes him feel like a bum.
“I think she can be good for me,” Cas admits to Miss Barnes the next week. “She pushes me out of my comfort zone.”
Now Castiel is standing here, a tired baby that looks just like him snuggled into his arm and Dean can’t breathe. He never allowed himself to imagine he would ever see the angel again, but if he had this would probably have been the last thing he would have expected.
Face turned toward the sun, Cas doesn’t open his eyes. Dean doesn’t say anything. Cas can feel him observing him and he wonders what Dean must be thinking about him. So much has happened since the last time they saw each other, it feels like eons away when it was really only just six weeks ago that Castiel was telling him hurtful things.
Dean suddenly feels that familiar urge invading him, that need to run, as far away as he can possibly go. A happy squeal followed by a giggle from Jack makes him close his eyes and squeeze his fists, taking a deep breath and trying to reason with himself.
"Daisy, down," the man says, keeping a cautious eye on Dean as he gestures for him to continue what he was doing.
Cas looks around, realizing the cafeteria has been silent all along. A few whoops resonates and then the normal hubbub starts again, like nothing happened. He sends a quick look toward Dean who seems to have gotten up in alarm, but hasn’t moved any closer.
Cas is not sure which one he prefers, which story is the most beautiful. He wishes he didn't have to choose.
Dean jumps, nearly spilling his coffee on himself. He spins to the right to face the man who just talked and is met with a pair of clear blue eyes. Way too close. He waits a second for the man to take a step back as he realises as close Dean turning brought them, but the guy just continues to stare at him, head slightly tilted to the side. He's wearing an oversized trench coat over a dark blue suit that looks expensive. He's so close a gust of wind makes the bottom of his coat brushes Dean's shins.
Cas and him share a backpack and it somehow feels more intimate than what they did in the early morning. Castiel lends him a swimsuit because Dean can't exactly go commando into the springs in front of the whole Novak family. Cas shoves a hat on Dean's head and a pair of gloves in his pocket, shutting off his protest with a kiss. They pack their bag as fast as they can after that, so they have some leftover time to make out before they have to go.
“You never go to parties,” Cas notes, confused. “In fact, you always say that they’re for brainless jocks and-” He shuts up when a foot hits his shin. Charlie points at Dean with her whole face.”Are you saying Dean is a brainless jock and you don't want him to know about it?” he teases, faking confusion.
He just shrugs. She smiles, teasingly rolling her eyes before she picks up her explanations back from where she left it off.
The Jimmy prequel will come soon, so subscribe to my account if you don't want to miss it! It's a little darker than this one, but I hope it'll give you a whole new read on this story. Apparently it has the effect of making you want to hit Dean even more for what he does to Cas and Jack in this story...
Dean bites his lips, looking around again. "You know what? I think I've seen some pretty awesome monster repellent in the kitchen, why don't we go check it out?" he proposes gently.
As their last period of the morning was together, Dean walks with him to the cafeteria. That seems to intrigue people about as much as the cult thing. As soon as they enter, a group of jocks approach them and Cas tenses up, dreading their intentions.
Castiel laughs slightly at that and Dean can feel his own anger start to abate at the sound. "Good self-preservation instinct on your part," Cas mumbles. The puppy look is still there, except now it's making him feel like he's
Dean blinks at him, seeming to get out of a daze before looking at the hand extended between them. Cas points at the hunter’s own bleeding hand. When Dean still doesn’t seem to react, Cas put two fingers on the side of his forehead to heal him. He’s surprised when Dean’s face turns toward his hand, his cheek brushing Cas’ fingers in an obvious search of contact. Of comfort.
They seem to be making a game out of who will shout the most ridiculous things, while Bobby looks slightly bothered that they’re not taking this seriously. Dean pokes him a few times in the thigh, raising gleefully his eyebrows in invitation for Cas to play along. Castiel has no idea what to say. When Dean insists again a few minutes later, all he can come up with is “assbutt” which, judging from Bobby's dark look, he managed to yell at the wrong team, provoking a burst of giggles from his fellow teenagers. In the end, he can’t help but laugh with them.
"I believe I conducted myself in an inappropriate manner," Castiel apologizes. "I- I admit I don't remember much about what happened, I'm quite a heavy sleeper, but I've obviously made you uncomfortable, and I regret it."
His voice sounds a little strangled, a little too fast, a little too loud. The noise of the dishes being arranged into the cupboard stops abruptly. Castiel sighs loudly and Dean braces himself.
"Romantic entanglement started to get in the way and it became...messy," Cas explains, scrunching his nose.
To be honest, at first he tried to stay as far away as possible from the situation. He didn’t want to think about Cas moving out and starting his own life. He may have even spread chili on everything Sam ate or drank for a few days in retaliation for encouraging Cas to do it.
Castiel isn't in the kitchen, but there's a half-eaten pie on the table and Dean decides to use that. He deserves some pie too, so screw that hippie, he's having some.
“Hey, Cas, hey, what is it?” Dean worries, a hand on the small of Cas’ back as the former angel takes a few deep breaths. It looks like his legs are shaking, so Dean tries to put an arm around him to guide him to a chair, but Cas pushes him away, backing up a few steps until the kitchen counter is between them.
Both adults chuckle at the glee on the little girl's face. Dean shakes his head and gets up to go to Claire. A hand gently grabs his arm, holding him back.
It takes ten very frustrating minutes of Dean trying to remind his dick of the do's and don'ts of heterosexuality before it finally starts to flag.
"This isn't about me, Cas!" Dean protests. "You think it'll be any different with the next man you bring over? They'll always find something wrong,
He turns his head to the porch swing, not expecting to see Cas sitting there, Daisy's head on his lap and Rufus sitting at his feet. So much for guard dogs. Bobby is right, he has been spoiling them and making them soft.
The guy makes a long humming sound as he touches Dean's shoulders, scratching at the base of his skull for a second before he lays a very warm hand over the back of his neck. It feels strangely comforting.
Castiel sighs at Dean's silence. He knows Cas doesn't get it. Not entirely, at least. He honestly thinks Cas just wants to help and is trying to be nice. That guy doesn't seem to have a mean bone in his body. It doesn't change what Dean thinks though. He'll play his role, but he's not a freaking puppet to be dressed up and shown off.
Cas remembers the earnestness in her eyes. Naomi never liked Dean. She hated him because he was the most valued thing for Castiel when Heaven should be his priority.
"Well, yeah, because Tesla's are crap," Dean points out. He scratched a little nervously at the top of Cas' hand still grasping his. "I hate to say it, but you're wrong though Cas. The only reason we're even here is because I wanted to get a free meal out of you," Dean admits guiltily.
“I think it's time you met Scooby Doo,” he says as Miracle hops up without any hesitation and he reaches for his laptop before he settles back against his headboard, the shelf behind him pressing into the back of his head as Miracle wriggles up to rest against his side.
The words clog in his throat, all the feelings he’s been barely keeping at bay since Cas summoned the Empty swelling in his chest. All that shock, confusion, longing,
Luckily, the woman isn’t interested in a conversation, and Dean stands on the other side with his foot tapping impatiently as she bags his goods. He looks out the windows lining one of the walls and spots Miracle in the impala not far away, and it manages to deflate some of the rising tension in his shoulders.
“Miracle needs food and supplies,” he says, gritting his teeth together until they hurt. “Let me know if you need anything while I’m out.”
He can’t though. “Spell it out to me, Sam,” he says firmly, and Sam looks up at him with a frown before his expression shifts and he nods.
“It isn’t what I wanted for you too, kid.” Dean stands up and lets the photo fall to the bed as he settles his hands down on Jack’s shoulders. “It’s not what any of us wanted for you. You deserve more. Being some powerful all cosmic being isn’t-”
conceptualise fades away. Instead, he just focuses on one step after another and tries not to think about the fact that his boots don’t make a single sound despite every step.
“Hey, what happened to Amara when Chuck…” Sam continues despite it being Dean’s turn to give him a look. Jack doesn’t seem fazed at the question though, even if he takes a moment to respond.
Eventually, it’s just silence again, and this time Dean decides he can’t deal with it. He turns to Miracle, who’s watching him where he lies in the middle of the room, and he pats the bed a couple of times as invitation.
It’s so peaceful and quiet, the only sound the ticking of the clock on the wall and Miracle’s slight snuffles. It has Dean’s teeth on edge.
Dean looks away, hating himself for being the one to make Sam look like that. He can’t be here a moment longer, can’t let Sam ache for him while he doesn’t have the
Dean reaches down to tug the pants out, only to pause as his fingers brush something papery tucked under the pillows. It feels like a photograph, and he pulls it out with gentle hands to see that he’s right.
“Eileen?” he says in disbelief, only because he’s not too sure if it's actually her or if he’s having some sort of hangover-related delusion.
There’s a small part of him that’s slowly getting louder. The part of him that’s been sitting dormant for so long, that’s been creeping forward since that moment with Cas before he… before the Empty. He’s been silently sweeping it to the side and shoving it down as deep as it will go because Dean can’t think about it without feeling like whatever pieces of him he’s managed to glue back together will just
Dean stays quiet, watching and waiting as the Shadow continues to glare at him. It seems like it’s struggling with itself, rocking backward and forward on its heels as it just stares and stares at Dean until finally, it rolls it’s head on it’s shoulders and huffs.
voice that he pulls his hands away, blinking sluggishly as he sees her standing over him with her arms firmly crossed and a glare on her face.
When he returns to his room, Dean pauses in the doorway as his chest grows heavy at seeing Jack curled up on his bed, wrapped in Dean’s grey woolen robe that’s been filched from the back of the door and with Miracle, who must’ve slunk in when Dean wasn’t looking, lying pressed against Jack’s chest and tucked up in Jack’s arms.
, he’d said, and Dean’s chest feels like it's caving in as he realises, again and again, that is who he is to Cas, who he
There’s still so much more to resolve though. Talk of Empty comes sooner than Dean expected when Sam mentions it over dinner later that night. The mood turns sour quickly, no one able to meet each others eyes as they know that, inevitably, Cas will one day end up back there.
He knows he just needs to twist and push, it’s not hard, but his breathing is erratic and he doesn’t think he can do this. Part of him thinks maybe he should make a detour back to the kitchen and toss back a beer or two, that
He won’t, but Sam has always had longer strides than him and it doesn’t take long for him to be right behind Dean. Dean flinches as Sam’s hand falls down on his shoulder, grinding him to a halt, and he dislodges it with a hard shrug. He thinks about moving forward again, but he knows Sam will just keep stopping him, so instead, he stands still with his shoulders hunched to his ears and his breath heavy and curling into smoke in the cool air.
“Who the fuck are you,” Dean demands, taking more and more steps back to put as much space between him and this not-Cas. Not-Cas follows him, eyes glinting with a deranged wildness Dean has never seen before as he continues to let out that awful
“Jack, it’s time,” Sam says, jarring Dean from his thoughts. Jack nods, swallows thickly, before he steps forward and takes a simple knife that Sam is holding out to him.
The Shadow’s expression curls into something akin to a mixture of delight and surprise. “Oh, I think you do,” it purrs as it steps forward into Dean’s space, barely an arms width away. “This is the Empty, Dean. Nothing leaves here.”
He stops by Cas’s room on his way back, opening the door with ease this time. There’s no delay, no need to psych himself up, just a simple twist of the doorknob as he steps through with purpose.
“Okay,” he murmurs, his voice weak but slowly building strength as he nods his head. “Okay, lets… let's do this.”
Then there’s Jack, who sidles up beside Dean and he doesn’t hesitate in wrapping an arm around the kid to haul him close. He drops his chin on Jack’s head and squeezes his shoulder, smiling when Jack leans into him with a deep sigh.
It really is shocking, Dean realises as he looks around. The table he’s at is covered in books yet to read, the one beside him covered in books he
Sam dips his chin as he glances away, his jaw held tight enough Dean thinks it might snap. “I read it in Dad’s journal,” Sam explains through gritted teeth, and Dean’s shoulders slump at the outrage he hears his brother directing at him. “It wasn’t fair of him to do that to you, Dean.”
He can feel the panic whirling in his stomach, twisting and churning in such a harrowing way. This isn’t supposed to happen, Jack
Sam glances up at Eileen, holding her gaze for a long moment until she gives him a reassuring nod. “We need something that…
“I’m sorry,” Dean apologises instinctually, the words stinging as they leave his mouth, “Dad tried to fix-”
Sam is the one to announce it, looking pained as he sits at the library table with his hands wrapped tightly up in his hair and a decent amount of books spread out in front of them. Dean exchanges a look with Eileen that expresses both their surprise and doubt, but Sam just claps his hands together and rubs them before picking up one of the books in front of him with a familiar look of determination gracing his face.
But then he thinks of Cas, of the silence pressing in around him, of Jack, of how hollow his chest feels, of how empty and exhausted he is, of how much he wants nothing more than to reach out and take one of those glass bottles and drink and drink until everything is so wonderfully numb.
He watches as Jack disappears right in front of him, gone in a flash of light, leaving him behind feeling hollow.
Driving from the bunker to Hastings when the world was empty had felt different. Dean had put everything behind him, put
He’s cut off by Cas turning his wrist and grasping Dean’s back, shaking him slightly as a small smile curls up over Cas’s lips. “I
Sam doesn’t stand to meet him though, just looks up at Dean with those horrifically sympathetic eyes. “Why can’t you trust me enough to talk to me?”
Miracle is waiting on the other side of the door when he opens it, sitting down and looking up at him with those big soulful eyes. He crouches down to give his ears a good scratch. “You like me again, huh?” he asks, and if dogs could roll their eyes then he’s sure Miracle would.
Small hands rest on his shoulders, Eileen’s, as Sam’s own wrap around Dean's wrists and try to bring his hands down from his face. Dean resists though, presses his palms painfully hard against his eyes, and swallows back the anger and misery creeping up the back of his throat.
Agonising doesn’t even start to cover it by the time he’s forced himself into an uneasy rhythm. His heart thumps painfully in his chest, his breathing ragged and uneven, and his cheeks are hot and sticky where tears are rolling down them. He can’t hold it back, sobs slipping out as he bows his head and marches forward.
feels like a physical blow, and Dean presses his hand to his midriff as he finds himself suddenly speechless. He has to look away from Jack, unable to meet his eyes as he swallows thickly.
anywhere. The walls are bland and most of the shelves sit empty. It's obvious Jack hadn’t spent much time decorating or individualising his room like Sam and Dean have, and it hadn’t even occurred to Dean that it's something Jack might’ve wanted to have done, something they
Because he’s scared, he’s so scared. He trusts that Sam knows what he’s doing and he has the utmost faith his brother will come through with something, but Dean is hesitant to let that hope slip back in again.
, but he can’t stop it as all he sees is Cas, over and over. Cas living, smiling, bright and happy, and Cas dying, the shock, the imprint of his wings on the ground, the feel of the curtains in Dean’s hands, the heat of the fire against his face as Cas had burnt in front of him, and then Cas coming back and he’d been here, safe as they could ever be, a family again in the face of everything bearing down on them all but then Dean had gotten in the way, his pride and ego overwhelming and Cas had left, left because of Dean, because he’d not pulled his head out of his
In saying that, Dean’s not surprised he finds nothing despite the hours of looking. He firmly believes that Sam would’ve told him had that happened, but he refuses to let that put a damper on his determination as he finally closes the lid of the laptop and crosses over to the nearest bookshelf.
The Shadow is still smirking though, and Dean knows that the rift being so close doesn’t mean it will be easy to reach.
Dean can’t think over his buzzing thoughts, too much racing through his brain to be able to focus on what Jack could be implying here, and he shakes his head. “Jack…” he murmurs, but Jack doesn’t let him finish again as he gives Miracle one last pat before standing up in a rush.
Because Jack’s room is right there, just to his left, and Dean’s stomach is in painful knots as he looks over to see the kid’s door is slightly ajar. He slowly lowers his hand from his own and moves across the corridor to push Jack’s open even further, shedding some of the light from the corridor into the room.
“Dean,” Sam simply greets though, sounding as tired as he looks. Dean shakes himself and moves into the kitchen, pulling a bowl out from under the counter and filling it with water from the tap.
Thankfully, there appears to be no one around as the entire bunker is almost eerily quiet. Dean prefers it that way at the moment as he traipses down the stairs from the garage and makes his way to the kitchen. Sam’s bedroom door is firmly shut as Dean slinks past and he leaves it at that, too busy focusing on not tripping over Miracle.
“I know,” Dean growls, giving Eileen a glare of his own. He scrubs his hands over his face and runs them through his hair as he looks around the kitchen. It’s a mess if there ever was one, with the cardboard crate still sitting on top of the counter and all twelve bottles of beer discarded in various places. He spots a bottle of whiskey half-drunk on its side where he’d just been sitting and winces, knowing just whats added the real kick to this throbbing headache.
“If you don’t give me Cas,” he says, slowly and confidently even as he knows he’s bluffing, “I will come back here. I will come back here over and over and over again until you let me take him with me.” It’s his turn to lean forward into the Shadow’s face, pushing what’s left of his courage out onto his face. “I swear I will
Yet Dean had been silent, as silent as he is now, as he forces back sobs even as some wrench themselves from his throat and echo into the empty room. He’d been silent as Cas has poured out his heart and soul and he’d done nothing as the black tendrils of the Empty had seeped out and taken him away.
There’s a bark that has Dean jumping, and he looks to see the dog they’d found running in front of them, tongue hanging out in utter delight as he heads towards the impala. The miracle dog, Dean thinks, and he can’t help but grin widely as he comes to a stop in front of Jack, shaking his head fondly.
Briefly, he thinks about stopping by his room and getting changed, but that will mean spending more time in the bunker, with Sam, and Dean just can’t do that. Instead, he climbs the steps two at a time and waits for Miracle to join him at the top before he reaches for the bunker’s door handle.
“Here.” Dean pulls the archangel blade from his jeans and holds it out to Sam. “Let’s save Cas’s feathery ass.”
Cas looks weary and hopeful all at once, and Dean leans forward to press their foreheads together. Cas’s breath hitches, something that makes Dean’s chest warm, and Dean moves his hand to cup Cas’s cheek as he feels his own breaths start to catch at their closeness. Cas’s fingers are tight around his wrist, his fingers still pressed to Dean’s pulse, and Dean wonders if he can feel how hard his heart this pumping.
Dean knows that he does, and it's why he just nods slowly as he starts to hang his head, the cassette between his palms feeling heavier than it should.
“You’ve already started looking,” Dean cuts him off, and Sam frowns at him. “I saw your search history.”
No, he decides. He rolls his shoulders, squares his jaw, and gives Sam a rigid nod. No, that was not goodbye.
He reaches out, places a hand on Sam’s shoulder and gives him a slight shake. It’ll be okay, he wants to say, but he stays quiet and just nods when Sam glances at him. Sam nods back, eyes dark and mouth in a strained smile, but it's
“You’re lucky it's me that found you,” she says brutally and Dean stares at her hands, taken aback at how fast she’s moving them to match her words. “Imagine if it was Sam-”
Sam is just as quiet beside him. His hand is white-knuckled tight around the phone that rests in his lap and his jaw is clenched so hard that Dean thinks it might snap. There’s nothing to say to his brother though, nothing that can make the pain no doubt sitting in his chest elevate. They haven’t spoken about it much, but Dean knows his brother is hurting for Eileen and there’s nothing that can dull that pain.
will never come back and will get to live with the knowledge that for every moment you spend wanting to come back here, Castiel will be wishing he never had.”
, all of Sam’s usual caution clearly having gone out the window at some point over the night. Dean doesn’t make a comment about it though as his brother lets out a celebratory noise that draws his attention. Sam pulls out a large piece of paper from under a collection of things, Dean winces as a mug shatters when a few things fall to the floor, and turns to spread it out over one of the empty tables.
Miracle slides out from under the table, tail already wagging happily at the sight of the lead. Dean may never use it, but he never goes without it either, and Miracle trots at his heels as he leaves the library to find his boots and jacket.
Sam blinks back, a startled Jack sitting bolt upright underneath him where he’s tangled amongst the sheets, and Dean’s eyes flicker between the two of them for a long moment as his heart thuds in his ears and his fingers tighten around Sam’s arm.
Anything is more comfortable than the three, nearly four-day-old jeans and t-shirt though, and he settles for a pair of mismatched pajamas and throws his grey woolen robe over his shoulder when he unhooks it from the back of the door. He’s not exactly walking steady and he dreads the long shuffle down to the bathroom, but this is just the usual penance for drinking too much.
“Tomorrow,” he promises, and Miracle just sits on the passenger seat and pants in his direction. He reaches over and gives the dog a scratch behind the ears, smiling when Miracle leans into it, before he puts the car into gear and begins the trip back home.
Dean nods, hears the Empty pushing against the rift behind him. He takes a shuddering breath and one last look at the others. At Jack, at Eileen, before finally Sam.
He’s hesitant to hand over the cassette, grip so tight that he fears he might snap it. This has to be done though, so Dean squares his jaw and reluctantly reaches out to place it gently in Sam’s hand.
Jack can’t be… but then why would he bring it up? He’s right to say there’s so many books that have been untouched and unread, books that date back past dizzying amounts of years, but it would be strange for the Men of Letters to have ever come across the Empty before, right?
So he tries to think only of the cold hard floor as it makes his bones ache, as he starts to feel numb and he
, before he slips out of the room. He pulls the door behind him, not letting it shut completely, but Dean isn’t too fazed. It means he can hear the sound of Sam walking back down the corridor and he finds it strangely comforting to know he’s not actually alone in this great big bunker despite how much part of him wishes he were.
“Come on, kid,” Dean finally says though when they’ve stood too long and it feels like his knees might give out at any moment. “It’s getting late. You’re staying here tonight.”
Once again though, there’s nothing in the room. Even the break in the dust-line on Cas’s bedside table has gone, covered up by a new layer that’s settled evenly. The room smells old and unused, and Dean stands with his arms hanging uselessly by his sides in the middle as he looks for something,
Dean leans into it, and lets himself rock in response when Sam gives him a few hard pats before he pulls away and heads towards the door, giving Miracle a scratch behind the ears where he sits just in the doorway.
“I won’t say I know how to do this,” he admits, letting go of the comforter to gesture between them. Cas’s eyes drop to lock onto his movement, a small frown permeating his brow. “I’m not up with this whole… love schtick. I don’t…”
Jack’s eyes search his for a long moment before he looks away, his throat moving as he swallows thickly. “I’m not very good at this, Dean,” Jack murmurs, his voice soft and quiet, filled with doubt. “Being-”
slipped away comes back with a vengeance, and he bites back the urge to yell into his towel as he reaches for it with a grumble to dry off.
It doesn’t escape him how different he’s acting, especially considering the last time they spoke about Cas, Dean had yelled at Sam. Granted, it’s because Sam wanted to know what had happened before the Empty came, and Dean still can’t think of that moment without feeling like his ribcage is constricting and his chest feels hollow and raspy. He knows he should, but he’d rather just push everything away and focus on getting Cas
He doesn’t wait for a response this time. Instead, he turns back to the bunker’s door, unlocked as he’d left it, and he throws it open with a surprising amount of force. The dog still follows tight to his heels as he practically tears down the stairs in a bid to get Sam as far behind him as he can, but when he finds himself standing outside his room he finds that he just can’t quite push open the door.
“Is this form bothering you?” It asks, tucking the trench coat around itself as it steps forward and starts to circle Dean. “I could show you my real form, if you’d like.” It shrugs, smiling maliciously, turning Cas’s face up into something Dean never wants to see again. “You might rip out your own eyes though. That would be embarrassing.”
Jack doesn’t say anything, just stays with his head resting against Dean’s shoulder and with his hands gripped in Dean’s shirt. He feels the flutter of wet eyelashes against his neck and holds on as tight as he can, determined not to let Jack go. He’s done that too much, and he refuses to fail his kid again.
Something is broken inside him, something is clawing at his insides and screaming in his head and Dean doesn’t know what it is. He looks up as Sam closes the door, meets his brother's eyes through the window before he feels his own start to burn and Sam starts to become blurry. He feels his chest clench, his breathing becomes haggard, and this time he can’t force it back.
it at this point. It's not like Sam will know if he has one or two, just while he waits until Miracle has finished eating, and then he can take the rest to his room and drink in peace. Sam won’t come looking for him if his door is shut, that’s just the unspoken rule. Dean won’t have to meet his baby brother's eyes and see more of that horrid sympathy that seems to be lurking there every time he looks at the moment.
He doesn’t wait for Sam’s response, just opens the door and herds Miracle outside, letting it slam shut behind him in a final statement.
Miracle doesn’t follow, preferring to stay sleeping underneath the table in the kitchen, and Dean walks slowly back to his room. He spots Sam in the library briefly as he goes past, hears the sound of him talking to someone on the phone in a seemingly hot debate, but he doesn’t linger for very long.
It sounds corny in his head, but he can’t help himself. “Miracle?” he tries, feeling silly even saying it, but he’s surprised when the dog’s head shoots right up and he turns to look back his way, large tongue hanging out of his mouth as he seems to grin at Dean.
be in, but Eileen just turns him around and gives him a push towards the door. He lingers for a moment, watching as she pats Miracle’s head and heads towards the cupboard Dean had pointed out before he decides it's a bit wrong to stand here watching her without her knowing so.
“Way to go,” he says, and Jack just inclines his head in response. There’s definitely something new to him, but Dean ignores looking at it more as he finds himself captivated by the reappearance of so many people. He hadn’t realised just how quiet the world had become thanks to Chuck.
“Sam,” he murmurs, trying hard not to think how much it sounds like begging. Cas. Always bringing out the worse in him.
It takes him a moment to turn back, and when he does it's to see Eileen with her hands on her hips with that look that, if it could kill, Dean would be well and truly six feet under. He’s surprised to see Miracle is sitting at
Maybe he should look into a harness instead? They’re just below the collars and seem like they’re a lot more stable than just a normal collar, and Dean drops his attention to them only to freeze.
It’s freezing outside, the winter wind finding all the gaps in his clothing and he pulls his arms tight around himself to brace against the cold. Miracle seems unfazed as he bounds ahead, disappearing almost immediately into the underbrush. Dean tramps along behind him with the thought of returning back to the bunker for at least a woolen hat to keep his ears from falling off.
The silence is even more deafening than before, and Dean grits his teeth until his jaw aches with the pressure. He doesn’t expect a reply, he truly doesn’t, however, the nothing he’s rewarded with is truly devastating.
Maybe it's because of the peace it gives him, even if it is only for a short time. There’s nothing out here besides the bracing wind and the cracking of twigs beneath his boots. It's so easy to just fall into the mediocrity of one foot in front of the other.
young, and Dean thinks of Jack’s smile and whooping as he’d sat behind the wheel of the impala, the grin that had broken across his face and the swell of sheer
It goes down as well as expected. Jack still looks rebellious as he glares at Cas, shaking his head with watering eyes as Cas tries too soothe him. Sam starts talking a mile a minute with flailing hands to boot, voice rising more and more as no one pays him any attention, and Eileen just seems speechless as her eyes flick between them all, lost as she only picks up the occasional word.
When the Shadow looks back at him, it’s with a grotesque mix of Meg’s and Gabriel’s faces, and Dean pushes down the disgust that twists in his stomach at the abomination in front of him.
Eventually, he starts to walk forward. The ground is hard enough, and soon the thoughts that whatever he’s walking on is something he can’t either see or
He feels something brush against his legs, and Dean glances down to see Miracle nudging against them whilst looking up with those soulful brown eyes. Dean crouches down, curling his fingers into the long fur at the nape of the dog's neck, surprised to find it damp as Miracle leans into his touch.
When that’s done, he just stands looking at the leftover bits and pieces on the countertop. There’s Miracle’s bed and toys still waiting to be dispersed, but beside them is one of the crates of beer he’d brought in.
He knows he’s got the Shadow stuck as it’s eyes narrow in outrage. It’s face starts to flicker again. Dean recoils as he sees Billie now, standing in front of him with a murderous expression and it sends shockwaves down his spine as he has to force himself to stand still.
straight into the angel, nearly knocking the two of them over as he loops his arms around Cas and presses his face into the familiar trench coat. His hands bunch into its lapels as he holds on as tight as he can. He’s shaking, his chest pushed against Cas’s back as he forces his legs to keep him on his feet.
The agony rips through him, his fingers feel like they’re being flayed and Dean can’t help but let out a desperate cry as they
His phone buzzes again and, this time, when he looks down Sam’s name is clear on the screen, Dean’s tears have long since dried on his face and his throat feels scratchy but empty. It should be easy to reach out and take it, to answer the call and see what damage Chuck has done, but Dean’s chest squeezes as he thinks of what that damage could be. Who else has he failed?
Dean can’t describe the anger that rips through him, and he tightens his hands into fists. “I’m not a child, Sam,” he says, trying to keep his voice even.
“I know he wouldn’t want this!” Sam insists, gesturing at Dean. “He wouldn’t want you to fall back into your self-destructive habits! You
Of course, he isn’t. Dean has to force every muscle in his body to work just to turn around to face Jack again. That little niggling feeling that was telling him something wasn’t right? This was it. Something is different about Jack and its starts with that damn serene smile
The emotion that's been sitting there so heavy on his chest since the moment Cas said those words, the realisation that’s been behind every action and every word since Dean heard them since Cas was taken by the Empty, the one that’s had Dean on his knees as it has destroyed him over and
Sam’s large warm hands settle on Dean’s elbows as he swoops down to meet Dean’s eyes where they’re fixed straight ahead. “It has to be here, Dean,” Sam tells him. “I’m sorry, but it’s the last place Cas was. It has the strongest connection to him.”
“Wh-where is he?” Dean manages to choke out, pulling back just slightly so his words don’t get swallowed up by the cotton of Sam’s shirt.
“Fuck you,” Dean spits, his heart thumping wildly in his ears as the Shadow just tilts its head back and laughs.
It does. A warm hand grasps his, firm and familiar, and Dean lets out a shaky breath as it tugs him through. The rift feels cool on his shoulders, and Dean has to close his eyes against the urge to look behind him as he finally leaves the Empty behind.
has Dean pulling back, sitting bolt upright in the darkness as he looks around, the light from the hallway peaking under the crack in the door just enough as he scrabbles for the bedside lamp. Cas doesn’t move though and, after he flicks on the lamp, Dean turns back to look down at him.
“It’s you and Cas, Dean,” he says, smiling fondly. “Not even the Empty can keep you apart. You’ve chosen each other a hundred times.” He squeezes Dean’s arm. “What makes this moment any different?”
Dean snorts. “I think our entire lives so far are proof that we can do a lot,” he points out, and the corner of Sam’s mouth ticks up in a slight smile. Dean leans forward, the edge of the table pressing against his stomach. “Come on, man. Jack wouldn’t lead us astray. There’s got to be something in here.”
“I suppose you need a name, huh?” he muses aloud. He contemplates what that could be, runs through a million thoughts of naming the dog after a band or person.
He thinks of Cas, of what it would be like to have him sitting beside their son right now, of catching Dean’s eye in the rearview mirror and smiling so bright that Dean’s breath would catch for just a moment. He’d be proud of them, Dean knows. Not just Jack, but of him and Sam too.
as well as a place. It’s going to have to require some proper safety nets to keep it where it is when we open that rift, especially if we’re bringing Cas back.” He taps on the first diagram at the top. “So, gold, to summon it.” Sam moves his finger over to the next drawing. “Iron, to prevent the Empty coming back through and stop whatever else is awake in there getting out.”
Dean bites back a trail of swear words. “You gotta stop doing that, kid,” he mutters, wincing as the smile drops from Jack’s face. “It scares the crap out of me.”
Sam lets out a delighted laugh as he takes the blade and leads the way into the storage room. Each step fills Dean with more nerves than should be humanely possible, but he forces them all down as he follows Sam until he’s standing in front of the chair, in front of the cauldron, in front of that damn brick wall with the others at his side.
Jack looks up, looks as pained as Dean feels. “If there were any way to bring him home,” he continues quietly, “then I would do it in a heartbeat. But I… I can’t.”
So Dean still remembers that crushing moment when he’d seen Jack’s face drop, when they’d all realised that Cas was beyond their reach and there was nothing they could do to bring him back after years and years of doing so, and it
With a blink, the Shadow is gone, and Dean is left reeling in the sudden silence. He wants to look around to see if it’s still nearby, but he stops himself as he realises that this could all be part of the deal. If he looks behind himself now and Cas is right there, it’s game over.
There’s a long beat where they all just look at each other, Dean feeling strangely calm, before Sam slowly nods his head with narrowing eyes.
to feel that he’s just let Sam go. Somewhere along the way, he’d written his brother off as having already moved on, maybe evidenced in his own mind by Eileen arriving on the scene, but dammit of
He drops the sandwich down on top of the cutting board and forces himself to swallow the bite he’d been chewing as he pulls the teaspoon away from Miracle. He places it down carefully on the table top, his hands starting to shake, and he reaches up to knot his fingers through his hair and
He huffs and drops his hands to his lap, shaking his head as he feels his eyes start to burn. First the stupid sandwich and now a cassette of all things. He stares at the roof for a long time as he blinks back the emotion crawling up his throat.
Dean follows shortly, with Jack bringing up the rear, and he looks around the empty streets with a heavy heart. Jack had said he could bring everyone back, or he could at the very least try, but he doesn’t know. He wants to believe so badly, but when he looks over at Jack he can’t help but doubt.
Sam looks just as confused as Dean feels, and Dean nudges Cas with his elbow. “What are you talking about?”
“Have you had your shots?” he muses aloud, making a mental note to book Miracle in for a full check-up. He thinks maybe he should do the same for both himself and Sam. He’s not entirely sure when the last time he was given his own jabs, and like hell he’s going to make some fuck up and get tetanus or something when they’ve just prevented
Unfortunately, there’s not a lot going at the moment. Hopefully, Sam is getting groceries, and Dean settles for pulling out a couple of slices of bread and a container of peanut butter, before making a detour to the fridge for some jelly. Nothing quite like a PB&J sandwich to tide him over until later.
Sam shoves him hard enough to nearly knock him on his back, laughing as he does so. “Jerk,” he shoots back, and Dean gives him a cheeky grin as he bats his brother's hands away.
Dean looks at the doorway. “Fuck it,” he says before he rips open the cardboard and pulls a bottle out.
It's not the first time he says it and he knows it's not enough to assuage Jack's fear. It wouldn't have been enough for him either.
Thanks to all of you that gave me feedback on the first chapter, I hope you'll all like this chapter too^^
Cas isn’t surprised when someone sits down beside him, Jo told him Dean would join them during the afternoon.
“So you might have a way but you’re not sure and don’t know how to use it anyway,” Cas summarizes, seeming bothered. Cas disappears immediately and Dean swears.
him. He can’t change that. He wouldn’t. Jimmy, Anna, and the others deserve better. They shouldn’t be forgotten. People should know they existed and that they were
“They took my son,” Cas repeats, voice croaking. He looks so lost that he probably didn’t even hear Dean.
"You know, we're in the 21st century, right? You shouldn't feel pressured to the point of inventing a boyfriend. Who gives a shit about that nowadays?"
Cas seems confused, squinting in that way he has where he inclines his head. Dean can’t blame him for not understanding.
“I was like 89% convinced you wouldn’t come. I’m glad you’re here, Cas,” she says, squeezing him harder and laying her cheek on the back of his shoulder. He smiles affectionately at her over his shoulder.
Dean startles when he hears Cas’ voice on his voicemail. He sighs, knowing it’s probably useless to call him. “Cas, call me, Sam thinks he’s found a way to find Jimmy,” Dean says, his brain still overwhelmed by a thousand thoughts and emotions.
“You know I never say no to one of your burgers, Bob," Jody accepts, coming to sit on the bench next to Castiel.
"Two hundred dollars," the man insists. He looks ready to fall on his knees and beg, eyes going wider and wider as he throws a panicked look to the right of Dean's shoulder. "It won't take more than ten minutes and all you have to do is nod along," he begs, making Dean wonders if he's in danger somehow. Maybe he has a stalker or an abusive ex?
The wave pokes at him, insistent as it tries to guide him. But they are floating into nothingness, why would it matter where they go? There is no light nor wind here, just him and that wave brushing against him in a language he doesn’t understand. He brushes back, feels a breach and sneaks back inside, ignoring the aggravation he can feel from the other being.
Acid burns in Dean’s throat at the reminder that Sam was in on this. For how long have they been planning that? How much have they talked about it behind Dean’s back?
"Of course, mother," Castiel acquiesces, kissing her cheek. Dean hovers behind him. Is he supposed to kiss her too? Wave hello? Shake her hand?
Today, Cas only ordered a Greek salad, no fries, and doesn’t seem inclined to give those delicious olives to Dean. In fact, he’s rolling them around his plate with his fork, like he’s taunting Dean with them. And again, no fries! That’s definitely hostile behavior.
Again, the guy doesn't seem fazed by Dean's aggressive tone. He seems to think it over. "It depends on the neighbor. Sometimes I help Miss Patterson with her arthritis, or Mister Clemmons with his gout."
"I ain't mother Theresa, you want food and shelter, you work. You know where the door is if you're not happy with it," Bobby taunts. Dean sighs and gets to work, sulking. "You're repairing the hole you did in my fence next, so move it along already."
“If angels refusing Jimmy’s human side weren’t allowed into the Host, why are you hiding from them now?” Sam asks, bringing them back on topic.
It makes Dean shiver and he bites his lip, hips pushing up and down against the mattress again. He can't deny that it's a little intimidating, but invigorating at the same time. It makes him want to do everything he can to please Cas, so Cas will never stop looking at him with such desire.
Dean's hand pushes Cas' away from his dick to replace it, stroking him furiously, twisting his wrist the way he likes on himself and swallowing Cas' long whine when he does. When Cas comes, it's silent. It's a long shiver that shakes him from head to toe before he slumps over Dean, burying his nose into the dip of his neck.
Bobby reaches one hand from the armchair he's seating in, patting Dean's knee before he adds in a gentler tone, "You're one of the good one, Dean. Don't let anyone think differently, not even yourself."
Dean's eyes slide along Cas' body, taking the time to look at him for the first time. Cas is kneeling in front of him, he's so beautiful and...yeah, it really is the same color as his lips. Dean will probably never look at a man's lips ever again without thinking about that now, he thinks with a snort.
"Really? What has he told you then?" Lucifer says. He smirks with what Dean guesses is supposed to be a challenge and Dean wonders if everyone here is suspicious of him. Maybe he should have asked Cas about his favorite color after all.
Sure, he still lives on a ratty couch and doesn't have much to his name, but he wakes up every morning with work to do, a routine. He eats three meals a day and spends his nights watching shitty tv shows while Bobby reads and criticizes his taste in tv (although Dean has noticed that there weren't many pages being turned when Sexy MD is on).
,” she adds sarcastically. “Do you think he even remembers your name? Your face?” Cas can feel himself shaking, his eyes closed as he’s trying to remember how to breathe, eyes burning. “Do you think he remembers Jimmy?”
They’ve been back for two weeks of barely seeing or talking to each other when Cas comes back earlier that is now usual. It coincides with the day Doctor Sexy MD is on, and he sits on the recliner next to Dean like he always used to. He doesn’t comment on the episode though, which is unusual, but Dean still counts it as a win. Or an olive branch. A white flag? Who the fuck knows, but at least Cas isn’t actively avoiding him for once.
“That wasn’t my question. But, okay.” Despite the sarcastic tone, it sounds a little too final, a little too pointed. Maybe Dean isn’t actually okay with leaving free interpretation to his words after all.
Jo laughs a little, cheeks pinking. Cas agrees with Charlie’s supplication. Their life would be much easier with someone with Jo’s impudence by their side.
It should still feel mortifying, yet it calms Dean. He's probably not the first dude that gets a boner during a massage.
All he's had in four days has been alcohol and a bowl of soup. He's exhausted and the temperature is below freezing. For the first time of his homeless life, he realizes that this fucked up life might actually kill him.
The only one missing in those pictures is his mom. Sometimes he thinks that Victor has a picture of her dead body in one of his files and never showed it to him. Cas’s not sure if he wants to know yet, so he doesn’t ask. He knows he will some day, just not today.
Dean grunts in frustration and indicates Arariel to follow him. Castiel is scared and angry, but he needs them right now, he wouldn’t hurt Sammy. Not again.
It took him two days to walk here. It's only twelve miles from Benny's, but he had no money left and the ground is frozen solid. He also had to make a two miles detour to the soup kitchen because he felt so weak he was seeing spots.
“Guys, this is Jo. She’s in my AP Chemistry class. She’s cool,” Charlie announces with a strange giggle as the girls sit down. His friend looks unusually coy.
"The adults are warming up to you too," Castiel notes. He comes to sit on the other side of the bed, back to Dean and not noticing Dean's frown.
“Okay, first, I’m the Sheriff of this damn town so don’t even joke about that. Second, do you think I’m an idiot? I know what you’re doing,” she accused Cas. “You’re going to that party whether you like it or not,” she declares.
They look it over together. Castiel is impressed by Charlie’s dedication. She even divided it in chapters. She seems hesitant when she shows him the few edits she made so that the autobiography would feel more chronological than random. She also put a version of the file without any editing on the USB key, but Castiel likes the changes she made.
Castiel is surprised when he feels words burning his throat, a confession he never thought he would be able to say out loud. He isn’t sure why, why now, why Dean, but he’s feeling serene and ready to make a confession that is long due.
Movement catches his eyes outside the kitchen's window and he reassures Jack that he'll come right back before sliding out the kitchen's door to the back garden.
Cas shakes his head, the move chasing away Dean's hands from his skin. "I can't," he says, looking broken. He takes a step back, then another. Dean grabs his hands so he can't get farther away. "They're my family, Dean, I can't just-" he looks devastated, shaking his head as he looks down at their joined hands.
“Yeah yeah, slow you roll, Cassidy, I know where you’re going with that,” Dean interrupts, deposing his empty plate on the car roof next to him and wiping his hands covered in sugar and crumbs on his jeans. “I know I owe you a story.”
Claire stares at him for a moment, her brows so furrowed it's crushing up her whole features. Finally she bats her arms dramatically. "Alright!" she declared. She drags her feet a few steps to show her disapprobation before she obviously can't keep the excitement down anymore and starts running toward the nursery.
Claire screams, making Dean wince, before she runs off. Dean can't help but chuckle. He looks up when he hears clapping.
Castiel looks taken aback by the question, nibbling his bottom lip in thoughts for a second. "I couldn't say," he finally admits. "It's just important to me that you don't hate me."
Dean throws his head back and gives a throaty laugh with his mouth opened, green eyes twinkling and dimples showing. "You are such a fucking sap!"
gasp he's heard before. It's hoarser, but just as satisfying. He watches in fascination as Cas' nipples harden. He wants to put his mouth on them, just as he would with a woman's. He pinches one, and his eyes are drawn back to Castiel's face when the other man lets out a whimper. Their eyes met and there is suddenly no doubt in Dean's mind.
So, he doesn’t have much of an idea of where to start. He would ask Sam for help but, besides the fact that he and Eileen have gone to her place for a couple of nights, he’s not too sure if he can stomach the courage it's going to take to look his brother in the eye and actually
"Yeah, and it started when he saw you bringing this hot piece out on a date," she says, pointing at herself.
"I'm not even sure what he told him, but Jack was terrified that Lucifer was going to come get him."
It lights a fire in Dean, a fire that kisses suddenly aren't enough to quell. He's not sure what he wants or needs or is ready for, all he can think about is a litany of Cas' name. He may be chanting it, he's not sure.
He counts to three and literally rips himself from Cas, rolling to the side. He probably should have assessed the situation a little better, because he hadn't realized he was that close to the edge of a bed.
about him,” he adds, eyes huge with excitation. He's been worshipping Dean like the jock is some kind of vigilante from one of Charlie’s comic books since Dean stopped another jock named Gordon Walker from stuffing Kevin into his own locker. A fight in which Dean ended up kicking Gordon’s ass ensued. Nobody has dared bully Kevin again since.
Cas suddenly feels like an intruder watching them. He squirms and realizes he’s still sitting practically on Dean's lap even though there’s a whole empty couch just beside them now.
“Good morning to you, Mr. Winchester,” Cas manages to answer, voice a little too formal. After what he saw yesterday, too much formality feels necessary to compensate. Not that it would change the fact that Castiel is definitely a creep that basically violated Dean with his eyes. “Let’s start,” he announces, voice tight with anxiety.
Sam ignores his sarcasm, seeming deep in thoughts. “So...super strength, no reaction to holy water or silver, teleportation; that sounds like an angel, Dean,” Sam concludes.
Dean won't be overdramatic and says that everyone stopped talking when they entered the room, but they definitely draw more than a pair of eyes. Everyone is dressed in expensive dresses and suits. Dean bought nice black jeans, a red shirt and even a black tie for the occasion, thanks to Castiel's money. He thought his attire would pass as good enough, while still being reusable in future job interviews. He didn't expect people to be dressed like they were at the Queen of England's wedding.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms. He lets out a gasp in surprise when Dean grabs his belt and brings him close. Their chests collide and stay flush together as Dean’s fingers slide under Cas’ shirt to caress his hips, making him shiver.
Claire sends him a dubious look, clearly still unhappy about him taking her stick. Jack, though, literally jumps to his feet, looking ready to sprint away to find a new one.
The boy looks up, only now noticing the teenager standing awkwardly on the living room’s doorway. He sends him a quick smile of salutation and Cas waves at him, but the boy’s attention is already back on his book.
“Let cult boy play!” someone yells, followed by some others encouragement. Dean sends them a glare and continues dragging Cas until they're outside. The fresh air makes Cas blink. He tries to turn around, moaning about having to play, but Dean all but throws him on a chair on the patio. Cas falls, sitting down. He blinks, disoriented.
He's expecting the guy from this morning to appear and drag the kid away again, but no one seems to be coming.
"We didn't even get formally introduced," Dean breathes in frustration when he realizes that his muscles are relaxing without his consent. This guy really knows how to give a good massage.
"From me," Dean notes, a little dejected. Being compared to Cas' bigoted dad doesn't sit well with him.
"Maybe later," his neighbor announces with a wink as he slips out from under the sink. He ignores Dean's burning red face as he gracefully gets back to his feet.
When their lips separate, their breaths are short again, Cas can feel Dean’s renewed interest grow against his hip.
Plus, he would probably make a lot of money in one weekend. He should feel bad about exploiting Castiel's loneliness like that, but hell, the guy is rich and Dean uses a pair of pants as a pillow most nights (and not even a clean pair), so he thinks he's entitled to be paid for his help.
He hasn’t seen or heard from Dean in nearly twenty hours. Which is totally fine in general, but a very long time for someone who has been looking at him about fifteen hours a day for the three days beforehand.
While Sam gets into a report of what he’s discovered, Dean sends a quick look into the rear-view mirror, thankful but a little suspicious that Cas isn’t saying anything. The ex-angel is sitting silently in the backseat, looking out the window with a little frown. Dean doesn’t like that frown. It means Cas is thinking hard about something. Oh crap, he’s probably thinking about what Dean just said about liking him.
"I can help with your back. Come on," Cas invites, not waiting for an answer before he starts walking back to his house.
The place isn't too crowded, which is a relief. They wait for their drinks in silence, before they go and sit at a little booth against the far wall.
“Did you pack your homework?” Dean asks, ruffling Sam’s hair as he passes near the couch the kid is sitting on.
I am so nervous about your final verdict right now, but I also want to hear every single thought you had about this story, so click 'comment' and tell me EVERYTHING.
“You brushed your teeth?” Dean asks, making the little boy turn around on the ball of his feet right away and go back the way he came.
Dean opens his mouth to protest, but how can he? Castiel's words are clear. How could he ever choose Dean over his family? Dean doesn't deserve him. Dean was a fool to think, even for a second, that he could have something this good in his life.
"Oh, we will," Dean assures, leering at Cas. He's still wondering about how a guy like Cas could still be a virgin at thirty. Sure Cas had some experiences with blowjobs and probably handstuff, but why nothing else? It can't be because he didn't get the chance. Surely, anyone meeting Cas would want to tap that ass. Hell, Dean was heterosexual and even he did! So how come Cas never had actual penetrative sex before Dean? And most importantly, why would he let a bum like Dean be his first if he was so selective?
"Please, let me talk," Castiel requests. Dean shuts up. "I know that me refusing felt like rejection and that it hurt you." He looks up, and again, Dean doesn't deny it. "That's why it's important to me that you know why I started this whole masquerade in the first place. The
He’s crying, he knows he’s crying. He’s not sure if he’s mumbling or just thinking anymore. Pamela’s arms are around him. He’s shaking so much that she can barely hold on.
Still, Castiel doesn't move, doesn't push him, just wait for what Dean is willing to give him. Dean has the terrifying thought that he could give everything to that man without any hesitation. So he kisses him, for real this time, with no reservations.
Dean blinks at Castiel. He seems more tanned than this morning, his cheeks rosy and his hair half sticking to his head and half sticking in every which way. His lips are really really pink. Have they always been that pink?
Thankfully, Dean doesn't have to contribute much to the chit chat that follows, Castiel taking over as Dean looks around. The room they're in is gigantic. There are about eighty people here, which is less than Dean expected and a relief. Three large chandeliers light the room with a warm yellow that reflects into the crystal champagne flutes that everyone seems to be holding. At least, Dean thinks it's crystal. No glass of his ever shined like that. Hell, he wouldn't say no to a glass of champagne or ten at the moment. A waiter passes near them and he goes to grab a glass off the silver platter he's carrying, but Naomi's hand is back on his arm, keeping him firmly in place. She's still holding onto it with a firm grip, like he might bolt or give the finger to someone any minute now which...okay, fair, those are both things he feels like doing right now.
Dean’s eyes are nothing but pupils right now, so dark with desire that it nearly makes the angel moan again with the force of his own want for this man. He can’t seem to turn away from the hunter’s gaze as he grabs the hot length and guides it closer to his mouth. His tongue catches the little droplet that gets out in response and Castiel tastes it like he might taste a rich wine, humming around it.
Cas is curious to see what this is all about. Maybe he did take some of Cas’ advice about reviewing his buying cost to increase his margin?
"He'll remember the little things," Dean says, thinking back of his mom's love for gummy bears and the way she could never cook a roast without burning it. He doesn't remember the sound of her voice, but he thinks of her every time he hears 'Hey Jude'. He can't remember how she used to smell, but the smell of apple pie and chamomile tea always brings him back to a yellow kitchen and dark blue dress with white daisies on it.
"And failed terribly. God, Cas, we have to put all this in the trash before he comes home and…" Dean stops talking when he tries to turn around to start tearing up the castle but Cas keeps his hold on his hand, keeps him right where he is.
It doesn't take long before they're making out, hands exploring each other's body, still barely awake. It makes Dean realize how little he's touched Cas before, how he was so scared of what it would mean to like it, that he never took the time to explore the other man's body.
“Dean -” Cas tries to say, and the bastard would’ve probably apologized, but Dean doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t want anything else, but
Cas pauses. Or Dean does. Maybe both of them do, and Sam wonders if they’ve figured out how to talk inside their head - but because blessings are rare when you’re a Winchester, of course they haven’t.
“Yeah, but fucking hold me, okay?” Dean huffs, and it’s such a relieving sound of mild exasperation, more than a reach for normalcy, and Cas adores it. He knows Dean isn’t alright - not yet, and he doesn’t know how long it’ll take in the long run, but he knows he’ll be there for Dean. Through all of it, and on the other end.
, he slips — but for once, thank god for oversensitive customers and boyfriends with likeable personalities, because Dean’s conversing off the phone again, his hand on the speaker.
Then slowly, Cas turns, lips parted, and starry eyes directed straight at Dean, and this time Dean doesn’t even have to convince himself to go for it, and finds himself leaning closer to plant a kiss on Cas’s temple.
Dean holds him tighter. “Okay.” He lets out, with a shuddering breath, before Cas smiles a little, and puts his head on Dean’s shoulder. “Okay.”
Somebody else’ll make him smile, somebody else will wake him up with a kiss on his temple, and somebody else will love Dean for exactly who he is because it’s
That tone is familiar — meaning they're finally where Cas has been trying to get. "Fine." He purses his lips. "Who?"
Castiel swallows again, and vaguely registers that it tastes like metal. Almost like there’s blood mixed with saliva.
“And I’m hoping you didn’t do it on purpose, because if so, I’m afraid I just defeated your motives by coming in.” He adds, and Dean rolls his eyes.
“Me too.” Cas whispers, pulling away the moment he thinks he’s established enough background for this conversation. Dean almost follows him an inch before returning to his senses, eyes fluttering open, mouth agape. “I mean, I love you too.
When Castiel slowly opens his eyes, looking composed again - and a little proud, definitely pleased, almost too lovely, Dean doesn’t hesitate. Doesn’t wait for the voice in his head to catch up, and start second-guessing what he’s wanted to do forever. Dean just lurches forward, grabbing the trenchcoat lapels to reduce the gap, and kisses him.
“Bird day.” He repeats, as if for validation, when Dean finds himself caught staring, though it’s really not his fault — comfortable, content Cas has always been a weak spot, and he’s too beautiful for him to help it.
It lasts all of a minute, really, but feels like twelve years worth of promises, and faith, and belonging — and an eternity of love.
leave the party.” Dean mutters, looking down at their hands intently. “Everyone was discussing college, and like,
There’s IV’s on both his hands. And something stiff around his neck. Almost like a collar, but thicker. And when he breathes, his ribs start like they might hurt — but the pain is numbed as it registers. He must be running really high on painkillers; they never really worked for him.
“Maine?” Cas ventures, with growing confidence, for a smile - history assures him that Dean’ll join in, and he almost does. Only a wisp, but it’s there.
When they separate, Dean realizes he’s almost done with his however-many-th bottle, and flings it at Sam who catches it in a rare stroke of luck. He proceeds to collect as many emptied bottles as he can in his ginormous arms, to drop off at the kitchen because he’s a regular boy Scout like that — and then waves goodnight at the two of them before hobbling off to his room.
Maybe it’s because of Cas’s words. Maybe it’s because his arms are still fastened around him. Or maybe it’s because,
Dean can’t get himself to say the whole thing. He can’t make it more demanding. If he had to say all of the words, he couldn’t have done it.
He goes on once he’s picked up the bouquet, cleared his throat, and forced down the annoying heat rising to his cheeks to the best of his abilities. He goes on, holding the flowers for Cas.
Castiel had also intended to marry Dean, misty-eyed and denying it. Intended to figure out flower arrangements, and guest seating. Intended to kiss him at the end of the aisle, with his hands cupping Dean’s face, and Dean’s around his waist.
Dean finds out his crush is asexual, one fine Monday in a group chat — when everyone’s wishing Castiel a
This is the farthest they’ve gotten, too. Dean’s hinted at these issues before, but he’s never had a breakdown in front of Cas - or anyone, and he’s never not backed off into a shell, after. This Dean is trying, and it’s wonderful. And it’d be growth, if Cas had ever looked at Dean Winchester, through the lens of an all-knowing immortal, like he’s not the most incredible being in the world, but a specimen, an experience - a phenomena to be analysed.
Dean draws a quick breath, tunes the voices in his head out, and leans in abruptly to press his lips to Cas’s cheek.
On the bed, when they reach it, are a few haphazard items Dean hasn't cupboarded yet and the object of all importance apparently, because Dean marches right up next to it, fixes his hands on his hips, and gives Cas an incredulous look — the incredulity of which, would've been exponentially more prominent had it not been accompanied by a distinct blush on his cheeks.
They don’t pull away this time, for almost too long, and Cas is trailing breathy kisses from the bolt of Dean’s jaw down to his collarbone, and Dean’s back is arched, hands lost in Cas’s hair, lips chanting Cas’s name like it would kill him to stop - when the first tear falls from Dean’s eye, and hands on Cas’s cheek.
, I believe in you.” Falls from his lips in an awed whisper, and the sound of his voice is still too much for the frailty of the moment.
Ever the genius, Dean rushes to open the door — and freezes entirely when he sees Castiel’s eyebrows pinch as the door up and slams into him.
“Well, I’d deserve that.” Castiel tries to joke, and almost pulls it off, except for the part where he can’t see Dean’s reaction until the latter lets out another broken sob, and grabs his hand. Castiel freezes, trying to squeeze back, tears welling up again. “I’m really sorry, Dean.” Then, after a beat. “I’m going to make this up to you.”
“More of an of course.” Castiel tells him as he smiles, and Dean smiles back, his insides still fluttering, but at least his chest feels warm instead of frozen.
you, and instead I said okay, because you told me you wanted -” His voice trails off, eyes blinking rapidly, realization seeping in.
“Uh, I —” Before he can process words, or explanations, his hand decides the best move would be to turn completely incompetent at the moment, and he drops the phone. Rummaging for it immediately in the depths between the seat and the door, he feels his heart thud in his chest.
Cas looks at him, terrified. He wishes he could hug Dean - wrap himself around him in a tight embrace, and not let go until Dean stops shaking, because right now, he’s trembling, but Cas has no idea if he’s allowed to do that. Dean is - well, from what Cas interprets of the situation, he’s having a panic attack, and Cas doesn’t want to cross boundaries.
, Dean.” Dean takes a shuddering breath, and Cas thinks fleetingly this might be his happiest moment in life so far. “I love you
texting you when I have a heart attack in aisle three when I’m eighty and you’re buying eggs, but okay.”
Cas turns to Dean Winchester, amused, yet not entirely surprised. The hunter’s standing in the doorway, the line of his lips slant. But he’s got his eyebrows raised in a pleading stance, his posture as unsettled as his pink, flustered cheeks. He is, in spite of his hesitation, beautiful to Cas.
His hands clutch the phone tighter, neck rendering him incapable of looking anymore, so he has no idea what his thumbs are trying to type — but it doesn’t matter, not really, because this is
“I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean grimaces, entering the room with a streeled step. It’s as if Cas’s earnestness knocked a few layers off his shield - and reduced the distance between them, literally and metaphorically. Truly, honesty is the strongest axe Cas swings at Dean’s unhealthy defenses, with.
Dean’s voice cuts through Castiel’s morbid mental news report, and almost reflexively, he closes his eyes. There’s a tangible relief in his head when he does it, and god, Castiel must’ve been doing worse than he’s convinced himself he is.
, I -” Dean pants, running out of breath. They’ve stopped kissing, and are simply paused in the moment with their foreheads leaned into a reassuring touch. Dean’s waiting to hear himself say it, and he hopes Cas is, too. “I -
Dean raises his head irritably, a frown etched in the lines of his forehead. “How much more fucking dense can you get, du —”
“Well, we’d have to let go, first.” Cas points out, slow, and Dean tentatively does it first, ending up with his arms on his side again. Circling back to awkward, and adorable in his nervousness. But Cas doesn’t let him fold in, and retreat into himself, because now that he’s got Dean saying yes, and Dean asking him to, of course he’s putting his arms around him.
.” Dean breaks down, and Cas immediately wraps his arms around him, holding him up. Before closing the gap between them, Dean adds, for the last time. “I wanted you to be my boyfriend.”
Castiel opens his eyes a sliver again. The walls do resemble a hospital. Plain, white tiled. Way too many AC vents. Is that something on his hand?
Emotions shine at the corner of Dean’s eyes; years of keeping it all down, finally overcome. With the surfacing ruinness, Dean lets out a strained sound, and lets his head fall. Chin buried in his chest, at last, he forces out.
Cas doesn’t think about the fact that if Dean isn’t angry at him, there’s no reason to be yelling. Instead, he thinks about the rare haziness in intense, green eyes, and the pain in his crushed voice.
“You’re a little shit when you’re drunk.” Dean rolls his eyes, and kisses Cas again just because he can, now.
Cas just wants to brush off Dean’s tears, which have never been there before, and run his hands through his hair, and caress his temple, and he wants to soothe Dean’s knuckles with his thumbs, and he wants to tell Dean how wonderful he is, again and again until he believes Cas, and then calmly, he wants to take Dean’s hands, and -
“I mean, even if we let go of the fact that I’d just come till I could see the stars, from your dick in my ass - I was literally spooning you, as I said it.” Dean huffed a small laugh. “What kind of a jerk would I have to be to break up with my yearlong-hookup when my head was on his chest?”
This time, Dean doesn't shut himself down or look away. This time, a tight laugh escapes his chest, unchecked, because of how unnerved he looks by it, as he grits out, "'Cause no one wants to see a fat old geezer in a crop-top, Cas, that's why."
“Sam Winchester, you’re a treasure to mankind.” He tells Sam proudly, earning a snort from Dean, and a bark of laughter from the ‘treasure’ himself, as he lugs himself to his feet with a relaxed 'that’s my cue’ look at Dean.
Cas decides it’s not worth this moment wasted, to stop for supplies or guns. They can circle back for them. This is it. Dean’s ready right now, and Cas wants to show him how beautiful it can be - and how with Cas, Dean never needs to fear flying.
“Dude, that dick who yelled at Ash, remember? He’s back. Garth went this time, 'cause douchebag brought a Sedan.”
smile, eyes as bright as the emeralds in Geology Club which Dean claims to hate but always ends up attending and Cas should know, because Dean makes it a point to sit beside him each time.
“Hello, Dean.” Maybe he manages to not sound weird, or Dean’s just not listening for clues. The loud racket behind him, at Bobby (and Dean’s) automobile shop, helps as well.
He pushes Cas against the nearest wall, and pins him there with his hips, and his hands move up Cas’s back, angrily grabbing at the shirt. He slams their faces together once again, and in a clash of teeth and tongue, they’re kissing again, desperate and breathless, until Cas lets out a moan when Dean’s hands wrap tighter around his waist, and Dean freezes.
“I’m not sure where we’re at, motor-functions-wise. Hand-eye coordination isn’t all we need.” Cas returns, matter-of-factly. “Possession is easier. I’ve never shared a body before.”
Dean stares at him. What does that mean? A million different things go through his head at once. Cas doesn’t want to tell him. He cannot tell him. He doesn’t know. He cannot say.
So alright, Cas’s been waiting for this. Packing, planning and leaving. With Dean, and Dean’s familiar duffel, and his
so I wish I didn't. 'Cause you're leaving too Cas, and we —” Dean pauses all of a sudden. Draws in a breath, and buries his face in the hoodie again, more violently. “I hadn’t told you I loved you yet, had I?”
A thumb swipes the familiarly placed 'on speaker’ button — he can’t bring the phone to his ear right now. He’s going to have to risk Dean hearing the still crackling ruins of the poor engine, strewn across the wreck in smoldering pieces.
—” His voice trembles, tries again, and fails. His throat refuses to comply with the thousands of things there remain to be said, and the words slowly fade, neglected.
When he finds his phone finally, the call’s ended — fucking obviously, he’s such a mess — and he drops his head on the steering wheel.
Dean’s eyes widening is the last thing he sees, before he needs to concentrate his grace again. It feels like giving in to an old habit you’ve had to live without, more than a lover you’ve moved on from - and Dean’s hands grabbing onto him don’t even register as they take off. His grand, celestial wings flap, and time hurls them out of their reality.
Castiel lets the air stuck in his chest out, and it probably makes up for a small chuckle. He doesn’t want to lie, he just won’t agree.
“And I haven’t fucking changed.” Dean ends abruptly, inflicting a scornful glare at the floor, and -
"You know that doesn't help either of us understand," Cas says quietly, and Dean lets out a sigh, less aggravated than before and more exhausted at the same time — the way he gets whenever Cas's lack of experience being human comes up like an unavoidable wall in the middle of an argument, and Dean has to explain things that should, and otherwise
Sam pinches his eyebrows together, nose scrunched in reaction to the ridiculosity unfolding in front of him. Too engrossed in himself - themselves - to notice Sam bitchfacing in their general direction, Dean stands with his hands on his hips, and Cas in his head. He’s staring himself down, in a very Dean kind of frustration - but his expression is clear enough to belong to a particular ex-immortal, kinda-sorta-angel of the Lord.
have one in your head and I'm trying to understand it, Dean. And right now it looks a lot like 'women, twinks, and
“Well, guess what, smartass?” Dean throws back, and the thing which keeps happening, where Dean cuts himself off and proceeds to tell himself off, is not going to cease being amusing for a very long time. “Neither have I. Just - sit back, and enjoy the ride.”
“In what kind of possession do you not feel me dying, Cas?” Dean throws back, obviously exaggerating because he’s stopped coughing. “What are you, detached?” He’s returned to the slightly irritated voice Sam’s matched with the man standing in front of him, for around thirty eight years now.
-” Cas begs, hands reaching out, and Dean should’ve taken a step back when he could, but now Cas is pulling him back with a hand at the back of his neck, fingers in Dean’s hair, and Dean goes, of course he goes, whimpering as Cas kisses him again, gasping and frantic.
Dean feels his cheeks heat up. “I know he probably can’t hear me,” he tries to explain, trailing to a stop when he realises he can’t explain what he’s feeling.
Jack’s smile morphs into something tight and guilty at that before he raises his hand. “Goodbye,” he says, earnest as always, before he’s gone in a blink.
Dean doesn’t know where to look, glancing between the two so fast he feels dizzy and his grip on his chair is white-knuckled tight as Sam’s words spin over and over through his mind. This is it. This
“But I do.” Dean shakes his head. “I do, Cas. I haven’t spent months fighting to bring you back only to let it all fall apart because I’m not man enough to tell you how I… how I feel.”
But that won’t happen. So Dean closes his eyes and presses the heels of his palms against them so hard that white dots flicker behind his eyelids. It won’t happen and no matter how much he prays and prays for that to be the case, he knows his prayers won’t be answered.
Dean feels breathless, heart thudding painfully loud in his ears, and there's nowhere else to look beside the pale gaunt face in front of him. He thinks of how far away the rift is, how simple it seems to be able to
tell Sam. Telling him makes it real, and Dean feels like he’s barely surviving with the realisation that he might have lost his best friend for the last and final time let alone his… his…
Jack blinks at him for a moment with his mouth open slightly in surprise before he ducks his head as guilt creeps over his face. Dean grits his teeth, angry at having let Jack think he was at fault for this whole mess for too long, and he has to turn away as his hands shake themselves into fists. He takes one last look at Jack’s room, notes the hotdog pants resting under the discarded photograph, and Dean swallows thickly before he forces his hands open to turn off the light and pull the door closed with a definitive click.
graze the rift. It’s only another inch, he reminds himself as he staggers forward one last step and shoves his hand right through, desperate for it to meet someone on the other side.
The Shadow might be cruel and it may not be trustworthy. Dean doesn’t know, and he forces down every little thought that teases at the corner of his brain that he could look, he could just peek, couldn’t he? It’s not like the Shadow would know.
“It's rude to talk about someone when they’re in the same room, you know,” Dean says petulantly as he moves his hands to scrub at his face before crossing his arms. Sam doesn’t rise to the bait though as he turns back around and takes a hesitant step into the room.
him.” It’s eyes glint. “I will break Castiel down until he is nothing but a pathetic simpering mess and then I will ruin him some more and you,” It reaches forward and taps Dean’s forehead. “
Sam laughs, and it surprises Dean. He glances over his shoulder to see Sam placing his coffee down and scrubbing his hands over his face. He doesn’t call attention to it though and just places the full bowl down on the ground as Miracle hurtles towards it with gusto.
“You tell yourself you’re going to be something, you know.” He feels Cas’s fingers twitch and he knows that Cas gets that more than anything else. “You tell yourself every morning that you’re something different, something
“Yeah?” he says, forcing himself to sound tough, to shove down the ache that’s desperate to creep into his every word, and he turns to give Sam a look he hopes says
“The Empty?” Sam repeats, moving his hands in sign at Eileen, who signs something back that Dean doesn’t understand. He doesn’t focus on it though, just nods in agreement and continues.
“I know,” Sam continues when Dean doesn’t. “I’ve known for a long time. I never wanted to rush you though, not when you’ve had so much on your shoulders for so long.”
Dean gets that. Gets what it's like to be hurled into things you don’t want to be part of, of having responsibilities pushed upon your shoulders and given no choice but to bear them, of being something you didn’t choose to be but were forced to become.
There’s no fight in him, there’s nothing left. He knows that can’t be, that there’s still more to go, still God to defeat and people to save. He finds it hard to think about what could be
It doesn’t take long for his thoughts to start to betray him. With each step comes the rising doubt that this could all be for naught. There’s no sign that Cas could be following him, no sounds of footsteps echoing through the Empty like he’s convinced there should be. The urge to turn around just to make sure the Shadow isn’t making a fool out of him builds and builds in his chest until he’s trembling so hard from
deflates Dean, all the anger slipping from his shoulders in one swift movement. He’s tired again, so so tired, and he sinks back down onto his bed and drops his head into his hands. He knows he’s hurting his brother and he knows Sam deserves to be told about what happened with Cas. He can’t imagine the number of questions Sam probably has considering what they know about the Empty, how it has to be summoned, and Dean doubts Cas told anyone about his deal besides Jack. Sam deserves to know, but Dean can’t even think about Cas being taken let alone talk about it.
The floor is cold and hard and it's all Dean can think about. It’s cold and hard and it hurts where he sits but he can’t move. He can’t move, he can’t speak, his fingers tremble and shake and his head is thud thud
The shattered glass everywhere has the two of them sloping out of the room with red cheeks, both quite unable to meet the others eyes without dissolving into giggles. It means Dean gets to see how Cas reunites with the others though, the easy hug he has with Sam and the fondness between his and Eileen’s clasped hands.
“Of course,” Sam murmurs as he reaches across the table and grabs Dean’s wrists in a strong grip. “And we will.”
Jack doesn’t protest as Dean takes his shoulder and steers him towards Dean’s own room across the hallway. It doesn’t feel right to put him in that desolate room they’ve just left, and Dean will happily give up his bed if it means Jack will feel more comfortable and, heaven forbid,
this wasn’t it for him. Dean had held Cas’s wet coat in shaking hands and kept it for months, moved it from car to car because he couldn’t let go after the Leviathans ripped him apart. He still remembers the feeling of torn curtains in his hands, of tying them around Cas’s body with trembling fingers, the heat of the lit pyre burning against his cheeks, and the feeling of Cas’s ashes slipping through his fingers after Lucifer had killed him.
again because he couldn’t say it then and he can’t say it now but he needs to, he needs to let it out because its what Cas wanted and what Cas deserves and Dean starved him of that before he died, before he was taken and it wasn’t fair, it was never fair because Dean feels… Dean
For now though, Dean turns back to the laptop and opens it up. He could go get his own, but it's tucked away in his room charging and there’s no point when Sam’s is right here. Either way, he can access the online archives that Sam’s created and at least start there to try and narrow down his search.
“Oh, you humans are an odd race,” the Shadow croons as it starts to prowl around Dean again. “I’ve only met an unfortunate few… but the ones I have are so
The Shadow roars with laughter, clutching its stomach as it tips its head back and howls. It’s horrifying to watch, the way it’s face seems unable to keep up the facade as it flickers over and over, switching between Dean’s own and Cas’s and a few others he recognises with a horrible feeling.
Cas is gone, and there should be a ripped open black scar on the wall but it's painfully blank. There’s nothing to remind Dean that all of this was real besides the throbbing pain behind his eyes, the choked sobs he swallows down, and the burning feeling on his shoulder where Cas last touched him as he sees flashes and flashes of Cas being taken over and over again in front of his eyes.
He knows Cas is there, he just knows it, and as he hits the concrete floor of the bunker, he catches a glimpse of a familiar trench coat out of the corner of his eye before his body shudders and his vision goes black.
Dean feels like a part of him has broken away as his shoulders lighten and a weight leaves his chest in one swell rush that would have him crashing to the floor if he weren’t already seated. He smiles back, leans forward against the table as he shakes his head.
He returns to the library. Jack’s there, sitting at one of the tables and still in his pajamas with neither Sam nor Eileen in sight. He cuts a lonely figure, hunched shoulders and head bowed, hands clasped tightly together on the table top. Dean pauses for only a moment before he steps forward and rests a hand down on Jack’s shoulder, fingers nesting against the soft wool of his own robe.
The reminder of Cas slams into him like a freight train and he looks around helplessly as he sees hundreds of people milling about the street. Yet not one is the person he desperately wants to see, that he
With a snap, the Shadow is gone again, and Dean is left standing in front of the rift. It’s glowing brightly, a welcoming light in the darkness around him, and Dean takes a shaky breath as he pushes out with his hand once more.
Dean doesn’t hesitate in pulling Jack forward, wrapping his arms around the kid and he feels Jack grasp him back desperately with fists balling up Dean’s shirt. It makes sense, why Jack hasn’t been around. It's not just who he is now, but the guilt he must be carrying, guilt that he shouldn’t be feeling and it makes Dean just hold Jack even closer.
Dean squeezes his hands into tight fists before he reaches for his phone. It's painful to stand up, his body aches and cries in protest, but Dean can’t just sit here and let all the things they’ve fought tooth and nail for just crumble away because Dean can’t think about anything else but the cold hard floor that has kept him rooted to the spot for too long.
He stops briefly to take Miracle outside, to feed and water them both before he returns to his seat and continues to scroll endlessly through Sam’s laptop. Part of him admires his brother’s dedication to this archive, but the other part of him gets more and more frustrated as less and less comes up.
. He’d thought there’d be something else, noises like there had been in Hell. Screaming or pleading maybe. It sends a chill up his spine, the reminder of anything to do with that place a quick way to make him feel nauseous. Jack had mentioned that he’d woken the place up when Billie had sent him here, but there’s
“Jack came by the other day,” Dean starts, ripping the bandaid off instead of pissing about, and Sam’s eyes widen in surprise. “And we, ah, we talked about Cas.”
If looks could kill, Dean would well and truly be six feet under. “That was a week ago, Dean!” Sam snaps, understandably frustrated, and he drops the book on the table as he leans forward. “How is he?”
“Oh.” He opens his eyes to see Sam shaking his head slowly, realisation crawling up onto his face. “Are you saying…”
Dean looks at Sam, his breath coming out ragged as fear wells in his chest and he lets go of the knife with trembling hands.
No. He steps forward again, the pain ripping right over his back and down his shoulders. No. Another step, bowing his head as he lets out an involuntary gasp. No. Another, his fingers twitching where he holds his fists tight.
Dean closes his eyes, bracing himself for this. He doesn’t want to say it, the panic just under his skin building, but he bites it back down. “The deal was that when Cas…
Sam glances at Jack briefly, the wild look dying away to be replaced by something more excited. “I think we’ve done it,” he says, clearing his throat as he claps Jack on the shoulder and grins up at Dean. “We’ve created a spell.”
Because Sam’s last six searches pop up, and Dean feels his stomach flip as he slowly trails his eyes down the list.
“Get out of Cas,” Dean snaps, fists clenching at his sides, but the Shadow just tilts it’s head back and laughs.
in this bunker he’s attached to, maybe something in his room that Dean has missed. Not that Dean can’t focus on that too much as he narrows his eyes at how shifty Sam looks.
“It’s not your fault, Jack,” he says, keeping his voice steady and even. “It’s never been your fault. Cas wouldn’t blame you and neither do we.”
But then Cas’s eyes meet his and there's a fond smile curling onto the angel’s face, and soon he’s laughing too. A deep genuine one Dean has hardly ever heard and it’s like music to his ears, warms his chest and his cheeks.
“Need to stop too?” Sam asks him from where he’s leaning down to look through the back door. His eyes are sympathetic enough that Dean wants to throw up, and he just turns back to stare up at the stars.
He’s trying to angle the bottles to fit them back into the crate when Eileen’s hands cover his and pull them away. He glances over to see her shaking her head as she takes the two bottles from his hold and places them back down on the countertop.
“I’m so sorry,” he repeats quietly, voice a broken whisper. He takes a deep breath, thinks of Cas wherever he is, and tightens his hands around the cassette. “Just… I wish… Cas, I… I miss you, man.”
