“Freaking sasquatch, makes it look easy to climb out of this thing.” Sam chuckled at Gabe’s grumbling as he walked up and unlocked the door.
As I close my eyes and let the serum work, I hear those words repeated in his deep growly voice. Be brave. Be brave. Be Brave.
Castiel swore to himself he wouldn’t let it happen again, but the next day he was working on the bread and a call came in from the company the bakery got its supplies from. This time when the fire department came, he felt so bad he insisted they take a bag of donuts. From the look the chief shot him as he was leaving, he wasn’t sure he believed that the relief baker had made them, or that they were safe.
“You mean, if they are doing something that doesn’t mean one of them dipping a wick? Or, do you mean your brother isn’t quite the man whore I think he is? Because honestly, Sam, neither one of those things seems likely.” Gabe glanced away, almost like he regretted saying what he had, but he was as bad as Dean and wasn’t going to back down from something that he perceived as a challenge.
“Well it isn’t fair. This was my first real shot at winning. It’s always been Mary or Naomi, no one else has ever had a chance at winning until now. I couldn’t risk not winning, and when I saw your recipe laying on the table, I had to take my chances.” Betty looked defeated, but no one there felt any sympathy for someone who would stoop so low as to steal someone's recipe to use against them. That was just too low for anyone to understand.
“Maybe a little bit of both. I’ll tell you something, but you have to promise me you will give them the benefit of the doubt and save your judgement of Dean until you get to know him for who he is now. He stepped up and helped mom with the bakery, and has pretty much put his life on hold to try to do what he thought was the right thing. He’s grown up a lot since you left and he hasn’t been a ‘man whore’, as you put it, in years. In fact, I can’t even tell you who the last person he dated was. Just think about it. We can talk more later; the judging should be about to start.” With that, Sam started walking back towards the fairgrounds.
Then I see Andrea. She’s Benny’s girlfriend and someone that I have grown close to over our training period. I can’t do this! I yell for her, but she keeps shooting. If I could just break her out of the sim then I wouldn’t have to hurt her. I yell her name over and over, but she keeps getting closer and is still shooting. I finally have no choice, I have to shoot her or she will kill me and my mother. As she drops, so does my stomach. I understand now why Cas has to turn his head when shooting an innocent. The look on Andrea’s face will haunt me forever. I don’t know how I will ever face Benny again.
She is obviously one of the factionless, but she looks so familiar that I must know her. When I get behind the crate, she says my name and envelops me into a hug. The only people that I know that are factionless are my parents. I don’t know them, but I know of them. “Mom?” I ask carefully. The more that I look at her the more that I see the similarities between us.
That was all it took and Dean was out of the car, following Cas up the steps and through the front door. He really hoped that Sam and Gabe hadn’t just stopped for something to eat. If they had then they would be getting a heck of a surprise when they showed up.
Sweet Treats was in better repair than A Slice Of Heaven; that was the first thing Castiel noticed. The second thing he noticed was that it smelled amazing inside the bakery. “What is that wonderful smell?” That was how he decided to greet Dean after their awkward separation yesterday, really?
I ask him again, where they are controlling it from. This time he agrees to take us. Charles actually has the nerve to ask if I really had to shoot him. I explain to him that every minute that we waste another member of Abnegation dies and another Dauntless becomes a murderer, so yes, I really had to shoot him. He leads us through the tunnels even further, and I’m starting to think that I know where he’s taking us. I believe that we are going to the area that Lucifer was coming from the last time that I saw him here. I was right, as we get close, he hangs back. I look around the corner and there is Gordon and some other goons. I ask if it’s him, and he says yes. That’s when I tell them that I’ve seen Lucifer here before. John takes my spare gun, looking me in the eye and tells me that I’m the one that said there wasn’t a single second to waste.
Dean and Cas found a little area where they could talk out behind a grove of apple trees. It wasn’t the most private place around, but it would work. They only had about thirty minutes, and Dean had to reassure himself that Cas wanted this and that once the competition was over, they wouldn’t have to hide any more. They needed to figure out a time and place they could talk and come up with a plan to deal with their mothers. It was apparent that after a decade of trying, their fathers had given up, but Dean was stubborn, and he was starting to see that when it came to something or someone he cared for, Cas could be just as bull headed.
When I got back to Dauntless, they were waiting. I’m not sure if he didn’t believe that I wouldn’t help him keep the law, or if it was the Dauntless leadership that had been clued in on my simulation results, but someone knew. Someone knew and they wanted me dead. They attacked as I was walking back toward the dorm area, trying to throw me into the chasm. Luckily, as I was getting close to the edge, Cas came up and saved me. There were three and they were dressed in dark clothes with black masks over their heads, but I did see one of their faces. It was Garth. I can’t believe that he would do this to me.
Cas tells stories of having to behead vampires that still roam the areas outside of the wall. He tells stories about having to kill monsters that look so human that it makes him have nightmares. He looks at me as he’s talking about these, and I think that he is afraid that I won’t be able to do this because of my Admegation background. I will be able to, because no matter where I came from, I am Dauntless now. I have to be.
There was a crowd gathered around the building at the far end of the fairgrounds that they always held the final round of the bake off in. Dean had been expecting a lot of people from the messages from Sam, but not nearly as many as he saw. There were people lining the walkways and surrounding the doorway, and as Dean and Cas approached they all started cheering.
Of course she didn’t want to go talk to Naomi, but they weren’t leaving her much of a choice. When it came down to it they had always been the most creative when they had worked together and if they were going to pull off Dean’s plan then they were going to have to get super creative. Mary was fairly certain that Naomi wouldn’t even let them in the door, that was when she realized that Naomi’s sons were their ticket in. That was their purpose in this little group right now. Cas alone wouldn’t have been able to pull it off, but with Gabe backing him, she didn’t see Naomi telling them that she couldn’t even listen.
“Why would Betty do such a thing? She’s been my friend for years! And don’t think that I didn’t notice the fact that you didn’t deny her claims either.” Of course Mary didn’t want to believe that her friend would stoop so low, they had been friends their entire lives. The two of them and Naomi had grown up together and when Mary and Naomi had their falling out she had felt bad for Betty, because it had placed her right in the middle if she wanted to continue being both of their friends.
As they follow, I pull the rope for them, trying not to think about Cas doing the same thing for me. I ask if they’re good before we start the next portion. They all seem a little shaken, but they are making it. We head through the tunnels and come across Caleb. I tell them to wait in the shadow. I kick his gun from his hand and tell him to get against the wall. He doesn’t seem to be under the simulation, and I ask him about that. He says that it’s because he’s smarter than me, and that they need him. I ask him where they are controlling it from, and he asks why he should tell me. He looks at my gun and says that it isn’t like I’m going to shoot him. This really pisses me off, because that’s two in one day that have underestimated me. I express that by asking him why people keep saying that. I shoot him in the leg just to prove my point.
Cas just looked back at him, “It’s not any different than you and I kissing in the store room two days ago.” He always seemed to be so serious, and Dean was always trying not to let himself crack up at Cas’s lackluster response.
I never saw myself as soft until now. After changing in what has to be the weirdest mix of a dorm room and a locker room ever, we had to burn our clothes from our previous factions. It was a way to prove that we are our new faction and have no reminders of our old ones. We ate in a huge cafeteria style room. Cas was there.
“I know you wanted to talk, and I figured it was about Dean, but is there any way that we can maybe do it without you yelling at me? I have enough of my own crap going on right now without you adding to it.”
. He never wants to stop touching him. Dean feels like he’s going to shake apart, the tension in his belly coiling tighter and tighter.
“She need an assist on that?”
"Is he—" Sam hesitates. "Is he gonna be okay?"
"So we're back at square one," Dean eventually says, pouring out another finger of whiskey.
He chances a look at Cas, but he’s looking steadfastly at the counter. A stab of guilt shoots through him. He can’t even bring himself to be embarrassed about the fact that Cas now has flour on his face and in his hair from Dean having had his hands all over him.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, I know.” He laughs. “Thanks Donna. I think I just needed someone to kick my ass.”
After their display in the kitchen, Dean would have thought he and Cas would fall into bed quickly and easily. It turns out that given the time and space to overthink it, Dean has made himself unexpectedly nervous. Cas, for his part, seems to be taking Dean’s lead on this aspect of their relationship, for which Dean is grateful, but at this point he also might need Cas to initiate in order for Dean to get over himself.
Dean nods.
Dean and Cas and the weight of everything spoken and unspoken between them, because for everything Dean said in his prayer to Cas, there was even more that he didn't. There's a confession burning under his ribs that's been there for years but has been threatening to engulf him since he found Cas under that tree by the rift in Purgatory. Since he took a knee and prayed that Cas could hear him. He thinks he would have finally given voice to it, too, if Cas hadn't stopped him. If they hadn't been seconds away from being trapped in Purgatory, again. If he hadn't been worried about Sam.
But Cas just climbs into the bed next to Dean, settling himself against the headboard, legs sprawled out on the mattress over the covers.
,” Cas reads.
Cas doesn’t relent until he goes three days without so much as a whisper of grace and discovers that he can’t fit into Dean’s jeans. Dean wants Cas to have some options, so they drive up to Grand Island to hit up the mall. He figures they can make a day of it.
It takes them almost twenty minutes with Dean white-knuckling the steering wheel the whole way before they pull into the motel lot. Dean’s grateful that the vacancy sign is lit because he’s not sure they would have made it any further and he’s not eager to find out how cold the Impala will get overnight.
“Well,” Cas says. “I’m not quite as formidable as I once was.”
Dean laughs. “Probably because it’s mostly sugar.” He shovels a large spoonful of the stuff into his mouth and then smiles at Cas as well as he can with a mouthful of miniature cookies passing themselves off as breakfast cereal.
“You need to eat,” Cas insists. He tries to pull away so he can pass Dean his plate of food, but Dean only grips him harder.
“Okay, I’ll come with you,” Dean offers.
Dean stretches and sits up and determines that he feels well enough to venture out of the infirmary. Cas’s steady stream of low grade grace healing must have done the trick. His stomach growls as he makes his way up the stairs, so he decides to hit the kitchen first. Maybe he can rustle up another sandwich.
. He’s turning this into a problem when it’s the furthest thing from a problem. Unfortunately, just because Dean knows this doesn’t mean he can stop it. He’s so frustrated with himself he could scream and he can feel himself becoming irritated because of it. And his solution for not taking this out on Cas is to interact with him as little as possible.
. Cas smiling just like he is now.
Jody winces and Dean mumbles, “Volume.”
Despite all his weird and unexpected hang-ups about the sexual aspect of their relationship, this is easier than he ever could have imagined. Holding Cas’s hand feels natural. They fall into casual touches like it’s the most normal thing in the world when they’re kicking around the bunker. Dean finds he can’t stop touching him. A hand on the small of his back, his mouth pressed into Cas’s shoulder, fingers dancing up the back of his neck into his hair. He’d feel overly needy about the whole thing if Cas weren’t just as generous with his own touch. If they’re in the same room, it’s only a matter of time before one of them has a hand on the other. Every time it sends a thrill through Dean’s limbs. That this is his life now.
"It's getting worse, isn't it?" Sam asks.
Cas brings the requested ingredients to the counter. He also brings the rest of the bacon and Dean can’t help but smile at that. Cas sets them all down and looks at Dean, who pushes the bowl towards him.
“They’re for me,” Dean says, slipping the socks into one of the bags they already have. “Now we’ll match.”
that's the same thing as
Dean takes another step into the room. “I was hoping we could talk.”
She just smiles at him, too smart not to see past his bluster. “You look happy.”
It’s overwhelming.
He gives her an approving look and says, “Very nice.”
Dean wakes up slowly. They’ve shifted in their sleep. Cas is lying on his back and Dean is sprawled on top of him, leg hooked over Cas’s thigh. His morning wood is nudging at Cas’s hip. Cas is just blinking awake, so Dean kisses his neck and grinds against him. Cas flips them and Dean goes hot all over. It’s more of a turn on than Dean would’ve expected, being manhandled by Cas like that.
Dean tears his eyes away from the doorway and looks at her.
“It-it is, Cas, it’s just—” Dean shuts his eyes and takes a breath. “It’s not something you generally
He has bits of "Carry On Wayward Son" echoing in his mind, vestiges of a dream, he figures. At first he thinks it’s the original Kansas version, but as more pieces of his dream come back to him, it changes into something...weird. Like tuning into a radio station from another planet. He’s reminded forcibly of the version from that musical at the high school where they had to gank Calliope.
“Hey buddy,” he says. He pulls back and gets his fingers behind Miracle’s ears, right where he likes to be scratched. “Where is everybody? Huh? What’s going on?”
. He feels like his chest might burst with the fullness of it.
“You almost died!” Cas shouts. Whatever lingering guilt had been on Cas’s face retreats in favour of a fierce anger. “I didn’t sacrifice myself just so you could defeat Chuck. I wanted you to have the chance to live. You deserve that. You earned that.”
Cas smiles at him and Dean does his best to respond in kind. He climbs onto the bed and sets out some napkins. He tries to stop his hands from shaking as he passes a slice of pizza to Cas. He lets Cas pick the movie, which was a mistake because Cas picks
Dean finally remembers himself and teases his fingers over Cas's dick before taking hold of him properly. Cas grunts and his rhythm stutters. Dean lifts his head from Cas’s shoulder and kisses up his throat, scrapes his teeth lightly over his Adam's apple.
Cas looks at Dean in surprise. “How did she know?”
“I want to thank you for my present.” Dean turns, walking backwards so he can look at him.
Dean shrugs and shoves his hands in the pockets of his sweats.
Dean wants to kiss him again, but he doesn’t think he’s quite ready for that. This thing between feels too fragile and new to be putting it on display just yet. He squeezes Cas’s shoulder instead and Cas gives him a soft smile that’s just for him. Dean’s heart trips in his chest.
Cas has been human for about a month now, as far as they can tell. His fading grace simply gave up the ghost one day and never returned. Dean still isn’t sure if that makes him human, exactly. Isn’t sure how much beyond hunger and exhaustion he has to contend with in the way of bodily needs and functions. Dean’s driving himself out his mind wondering.
. “Cas,” he pleads. The name bursts from him, almost a sob. He’s so turned on he can barely fucking see straight.
“Seriously, you guys, again?” Sam says, when he enters the kitchen and finds Dean tucked up against Cas.
“Well, that’s dinner right there,” Dean says. “And we’ve got some side dishes.” He starts emptying his pockets. “Doritos—spicy and regular. Cheez-Its. Fritos.” He tosses each item on the bed as he names it. “And dessert!” He announces proudly as he holds up a sleeve of Oreos and a package of Reese’s peanut butter cups. “And in case that’s not enough, I got us some movie snacks: licorice, M&Ms, and, uh, Glosette raisins because I thought you might bellyache if there wasn’t a healthy option.”
"Yeah, Cas, c'mon. Fuck."
Dean doesn’t jump back from Cas this time, but he does let out a low growl of frustration and remove his hand from the front of Cas’s jeans. He drops his head to Cas’s shoulder, and braces both hands on the counter again. Cas is breathing heavily beneath him. His hands are still on Dean’s back, but they’re no longer under his shirt.
“Are you telling me we got stranded because of my birthday?”
“You know you don’t need to wear ties anymore, right?” Dean says, through a mouthful of pretzel.
. Sam is the first and most obvious choice, but he’s also not a choice at all because no way in hell is he talking to his little brother about his sex life (or lack thereof) with their angel best friend. It’s one thing to try to gross him out on purpose with his various sexcapades and another thing entirely to have a serious conversation that involves emotions he can barely say out loud to himself. Sam had already tried cornering him to tell him that he was happy for them. Which had been fine up until the point that Sam’s expression morphed into something altogether too serious and sincere, and he said, “You know you could’ve told me that you—” Dean cut him off before he could finish and took Miracle for a walk to escape the bunker. He can’t talk to Sam about this.
He tips more bourbon into his glass.
Dean does let him go then, pulls his hands back and pushes himself further onto the bed. “What? You’ve been back this whole time?”
“It’s, uh...it’s about Cas, actually.”
“Well, I think that calls for another drink.”
“Goddammit,” he growls, as he eases off the gas again to prevent another potential spin out. “We can’t drive in this, we’re gonna have to stop somewhere.”
Cas looks weirdly panicked about this for someone who just a moment ago looked like he’d rather be anywhere else. “Are you sure we can’t make it to Jody’s tonight?”
Dean’s stomach churns. Of course Cas is frustrated with him. He’s been hot and cold for weeks and he can’t even have a normal conversation. He’s a repressed disaster.
Of course he makes that vow to himself before his hangover sets in.
“Okay, okay, we’re going.”
He feels Cas’s body stiffen with concern, followed by the familiar tingle of grace working its way over his scalp. It feels different, though. Not as sharply cold as it normally does. Before he has a chance to ask him about it, Cas is pulling back and looking at him closely, hands on either side of his face, tugging gently at his eyelids to get a better look at his pupils.
that Dean wants to kiss him, but if he starts he won’t be able to stop, so he looks back at the eggs. “Four should do it,” he says.
“Smart lady.”
, and impossible to forget, because Dean’s constantly battling with his impulse to press Cas against the nearest flat surface and kiss him with everything he’s got.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Dean says, pushing himself up on his elbows. “Is that why we took the salt and burn case? So we’d get there last?”
Cas’s eyebrows jump in surprise and then immediately contract with confusion. “You dreamed of heaven?”
Dean lets out a small laugh that breaks over a sob he’s trying to hold back. “I love you, too.”
Cas’s arm twitches like he’s about to reach for Dean, and, god, Dean wishes he would. But Cas just gives him a small nod and turns back to the books.
“‘Night, Cas.”
“There is,” Eileen says. She crosses her arms and gives him her best no-nonsense expression. “Spill.”
He’s just congratulating himself on such an excellent strategy when he enters his room with the pizza and finds that Cas has lit candles. They’re on the bedside table and the ledge along the wall, and they’re throwing little dancing shadows all over the room. If he looks at it logically, the candles don’t actually change anything about tonight. But they do emphasize the significance of it. They add weight somehow. They might as well be a flashing neon sign reading, “THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU’VE EVER DONE,” for the way they send Dean into a fresh tailspin. His heart rate kicks up to such a degree that he worries he’s about to spiral into an honest-to-god panic attack, and wouldn’t that just be the most embarrassing thing to ever happen to him.
He clears his throat and manages, instead, to say, "I'm gonna be better for you, Cas." That, too, another version of
“Dean.” Cas breathes out his name on a desperate exhale and Dean kisses him.
"You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that," Dean says, pulling back just enough to get the words out.
“I was going to take Miracle for a walk, you want to come?”
Fucking typical. Dean swallows and clears his throat. “Okay.”
Cas doesn’t return for an hour. Jody does her best to distract Dean, by getting him to teach her some poker tricks so she can finally win against Claire. It works for a bit, but it’s hard to focus when Dean’s mind is just a litany of
“I think it’s cute,” Eileen insists, her eyes sparkling with amusement.
Cas stays close the entire time, his hand an anchor at the base of Dean’s spine, and he rubs it in circles over Dean’s back when he gets choked up thanking everyone. After dinner, Cas pulls Dean into the hallway so they can be alone for a moment.
Dean doesn’t know how she does it. Makes things easier to talk about. Lightens the mood in exactly the right way so that Dean doesn’t immediately shut down.
Dean lets out a broken laugh and tips his face forward so their foreheads rest together. “Fuck, I dunno, man. It’s happened before, hasn’t it?”
And just like they have two matching sock and tie sets between them.
“Uh uh, not so fast,” he says.
Even though Dean has told Cas to help himself to whatever he wants from Dean’s wardrobe, Cas tends to stick to his old trench coat get-up on the days when his grace is present and accounted for. Cas insists that he doesn’t mind—comfort is not an issue when he’s got his mojo—and Dean knows he’s not lying about that, but he still thinks it would be nice for Cas to have clothes of his own. It might let him figure out his own style for when he actually has to start wearing something fresh every day.
It’s the wrong thing to say. Cas finally looks at him again, but now he looks horrified. He clenches harder at Dean’s shoulders before pulling away completely. The move leaves Dean so bereft that for a moment he forgets about his hangover. He wants to put a hand on Cas’s back, but he feels like it’s the wrong move and he doesn’t want to keep making this worse. Dean glances at Jody like she might have an answer, but her shoulders just twitch in a microscopic shrug, her mouth pressed into a line of concern.
Cas rolls his eyes. “That’s usually what steam indicates.”
“Six, I think,” Cas replies. “That’s a lot, isn’t it?”
When Cas finally gets to the bottom of his stocking, he pulls out two ties. Dean is surprised for about half a second to find that they match his socks. Then he starts laughing.
“It was nice,” Cas says. He gives Dean a smile and the tightness in Dean’s chest unwinds a little.
“I know.” Dean scrubs his hand over his face. Because he does. He
He brings his free hand up to the back of Cas’s neck, guiding his head to a better angle, and licks into Cas’s mouth. Cas opens to him with a groan and Dean is already hard, straining against the front of his jeans. Cas tugs at Dean’s shirt, gets his hand underneath it, over the skin of his ribs.
“It’s a pretty scary thing, getting everything you want.” Jody gives him a sharp look. She has a way of hitting on exactly how Dean’s feeling and putting into words in a way he can’t. It makes him feel slightly less embarrassed and inept about the whole thing.
Dean steps back to pull the beef from the fridge and then shows Cas how to wrap it up with the pastry and apply an egg wash. He lets Cas put it in the oven and sets the timer.
Cas shifts further onto the bed, still watching Dean, and once he’s settled it becomes even clearer just how little space they have to work with on that mattress.
Cas frowns. “From the vending machine?”
It must show on his face because Cas immediately adds, “And before you say anything, this is not your fault. My grace has been fading for a while now. With everything that’s happened, the number of times I’ve been essentially remade, it was really just a matter of time.” Cas pauses. “In any case, I wouldn’t change any of it.”
Dean smiles so wide his cheeks ache with it. Then he grabs Cas’s hand and pulls him towards their room.
When they get in, Sam and Eileen have packed a bag and are getting ready to head out. Jody needs their help after all. Dean offers to go with them because it’s the right thing to do. Not because he’s trying to avoid being alone with Cas. But Sam assures him it’s not an all hands on deck situation.
“And?” Dean presses.
"I really don't know why I get so angry," he says eventually.
anyone. The closest he ever came was with Lisa, but that had always felt like borrowed time. It had never truly felt like his. The threat of his old life always hung over them, ready to sink its teeth in. And it had. But now? Now he might actually get to have this. He wants it so badly that part of him wants to turn and run in the other direction. He’s never wanted anything this badly in his life. He’s never let himself. It’s terrifying. It’s exhilarating. It’s making him nauseous, a bit, with anxiety.
happening with your grace?”
“Great,” Dean says. Which, okay, it’s a lie, but his headache is mostly gone and he managed to eat some of the leftover french toast and bacon while he and Jody played poker, so compared to an hour ago he does feel great. “Nothin’ a little coffee and aspirin couldn’t fix.”
“You don’t have to say anything, Dean.
“So what’s up then?” she asks. “You gotta case for me?”
“He’ll be back.”
, a movie they’ve seen dozens of times because, right, the intention here is not to actually
Dean has to twist and dodge Miracle nosing his way towards the sandwich. “I dunno, man. I had this really weird dream and it’s all kinda mixed up in my head right now. I
That admission startles Dean's attention away from Cas' wrinkles. He huffs.  "You woulda done better than me, I'm sure."
“How was the walk?” he asks, leaning against the bookshelves.
Dean’s not sure how it happens, exactly, but before he knows it he has a drawer filled with novelty socks and Cas has a rack full of ties to match them.
"You seen Cas?" he asks once he has his esophagus back under control. He has to work hard to keep his voice even, to keep it casual. Not that Sam would notice one way or the other in his current state.
Then Cas brings his fingers to Dean's mouth, tracing his lips, and Dean lets his mouth fall open around them. Cas's eyes widen and he pushes them in further. Dean sucks and drags his tongue over them. It's...it shouldn't be this hot, but Dean feels like his skin will ignite at any moment.
Cas blinks, looking flummoxed. “You keep pulling away from me.”
“He took the dog for a walk,” he says, sounding surprised even to his own ears.
Dean gives an incredulous huff.
“We’ve already broken that rule,” Eileen says, raising her eyebrows at Sam.
“I wouldn’t say that,” Dean says.
Dean throws her a desperate look. He wishes he could be that sure.
He pulls two clean pans down from the rack and turns back to the stove because this? This is a problem he can solve. This isn’t Cas’s grace fritzing in and out, it isn’t a heaven that needs rebuilding, it isn’t a relationship he’s not yet sure how to navigate. It’s food. Dean can do food. “First of all, you have the heat way too high,” he says, turning down the burners that Cas had cranked to max.
Cas still looks distraught over this development. His hands slide from Dean’s face and dig into his shoulders. He won’t look in Dean’s eyes.
On screen, the two doctors, whose names he can’t remember just now, have fumbled their way onto a stripped down bed in an empty hospital room. The male doctor pushes up the female doctor’s scrubs and starts kissing his way down her body, starting between her breasts and stopping to dip his tongue into her belly button. It’s all very tastefully shot with careful angles that don’t reveal too much for network television, but it’s hot and heavy nonetheless.
Cas blinks in surprise and stares at him.
“Right,” he says, clearing his throat. “Hold it like this.” He demonstrates an easy grip with the flat of the fork facing down. “And then it’s like a quick circular motion.” He whisks it up until little bubbles form and then passes it back to Cas.
Cas makes a shocked little noise and his hand grabs at Dean’s hip. This time they’re not interrupted by any clawing pain or nausea and it’s so good. It’s
“What?” Dean repeats in disbelief. He crosses the room because he can’t continue this conversation with Cas out of his reach. Dean takes Cas’s face in his hands. “I don’t want that. Why would you think that?”
"What?" he asks.
What had begun as a minor worry has bloomed in Dean's chest into a thing with teeth.
Cas, who seems to have miraculously maintained some composure, turns to the stove to pull the now burnt bacon from the heat.
Cas sighs. “I told you. Loving you changed me Dean. It made me more human. I’m still an angel, but my grace, it…” He cocks his head, looking for the right words. “It doesn’t fit the way it used to. It’s still there, but it ebbs and flows. It’s more like residual static. I was lucky to be able to heal that stab wound as well as I did.”
“Come in,” Cas says.
Cas gives him a soft smile, just like another one he gave him years ago when Dean had the Mark. It's so similar that the force of the memory is enough to hitch his breath in his lungs. Dean stealing Cas' burger, stuffing fries in his mouth, telling Cas to let Claire go.
If Cas is disappointed he does a good job hiding it. He shrugs and says, “I don’t mind.”
"Dean," Cas says, interrupting an impulse to touch that Dean was about to give into. "You've had an incredibly difficult life filled with traumas most people could never even begin to imagine. I would be surprised if you weren't angry."
Dean blinks and considers it. “Yeah. Still kind of a dull ache, but definitely better. I don’t feel like I’m going to hurl anymore, at least.”
“Says the multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent in a trenchcoat.”
Cas wanders in as Dean’s rolling out the puff pastry.
“You’re going with those?” he asks, gesturing at the two ties Cas is holding. One is maroon with navy blue stripes and the other is a dark blue nearly identical to the one he already owns.
“You should run that under some water,” he says.
“So what’s for dinner?” Jody asks.
“Jerk.” Sam smiles and hands him a gift. “Happy Birthday.”
Cas brings his eyes back to Dean’s face and leaves them there this time. Dean’s never seen him look so uncomfortable. Or terrified. He needs Cas to get down here, now, so he can talk to him properly. They’re due for a conversation that’s been over a decade in the making, but they can’t have it with Cas lingering uneasily at the top of the infirmary stairs. Sam, for once, reads the energy of the room and starts up the stairs.
. There are worse things to be watching on motel cable, so Dean leaves Cas to it and makes his way to the kitchenette to boil water for their noodle cups.
The sincerity on Cas' face is more than Dean can handle, so he buries his nose against Cas' neck and breathes him in. They still have a lot to talk about. There's still a confession beating against Dean's ribs that he can't quite bring himself to say aloud. They still have Chuck to deal with and an apocalypse to avert. But they'll do it together. And this time, Dean thinks, this time they'll be better.
harder to tell himself that when he’s about to share a bed with him for the night. A bed that is really far too small for two grown men.
They stop for breakfast at a diner a few miles up the road and still make it to Jody’s in just under three hours. Everyone’s there. Jody’s new house, it turns out, has more than enough room to sleep all of them.
Dean lets Cas open this one and sure enough it’s another tie and sock set. This one is the sasquatch design that Cas had rejected at the mall and Dean nearly falls out of his chair laughing. Cas looks somewhat disgruntled by this one and turns a frown on Dean.
“You’re already that couple,” Sam says.
“Hi,” he says.
Dean lifts his head and glares at his brother. Jody at least looks a bit sorry to have interrupted them.
“Yeah,” Dean replies distractedly. His attention has wandered to Cas again, who’s now sitting on the edge of the bed staring at the motel phone with an uncomfortable hunch to his shoulders.
“Hey,” Dean says quietly, pulling back just enough to look at Cas.
Sam’s look of concern morphs into one of extreme incredulity. “What?” he says sharply. “No. Of course not. You were a little busy bleeding out.”
He clears his throat. “Warm the pan first. Then pour the eggs in.”
He’s so desperate not to fuck this up that he’s given himself a complex. So they’ve made out on the new couch in the Dean cave while watching old westerns and they trade kisses in the morning and they’ve even slept in the same bed on more than one occasion. But all they’ve done is sleep. Anytime Dean thinks he’s ready to push things further, to roll Cas over and grind into him in a way that leaves no room for interpretation, he gets inside his head and ends up slowing things down before they get to the good part.
Dean misses what Sam says next, distracted by Cas answering the phone in the room. Cas frowns as he talks to whoever’s on the other end.
“Stay?” Dean asks, before he can think better of it. His face flushes anyway, and he keeps his face tilted away from Cas, terrified to see what his reaction might be to such a needy request.
Cas takes Dean’s lead on the basics like jeans and t-shirts. Dean grabs a couple multi-packs of boxer briefs and socks, and picks out some henleys. He suggests a few flannels for Cas to try, but Cas rejects all of them in favour of colours that Dean would have called garish until Cas put them on. Even then he can’t tell if Cas is actually managing to make it work, or if Dean is just so hopelessly attracted to him that he’d think he looks good no matter what he’s wearing. He suspects it’s the latter. They buy the hideous flannels anyway.
Cas rolls off of him and places a kiss on Dean’s shoulder before going to the bathroom. He comes back with a warm cloth so Dean can clean himself up and then they both crawl under the covers. They arrange themselves on their sides, face to face with their legs tangled together. Dean traces a finger over Cas’s eyebrow and cheekbone, then down his jaw, like he’s tracing a backwards ‘three’.
Cas sighs. “I suppose you’re right.”
“I hope you’re calling to tell me you’re coming up for a visit,” she says.
Cas shifts and straightens. “They don’t have any cots left,” he says carefully.
“Huh? Yeah.”
“Donna, probably,” Dean says. His face hurts from smiling so much and he has to wipe his eyes where they’ve started to water with laughter.
Dean rubs at his chin. “What kind of bed is in the single?”
“I can sleep on the floor,” Cas offers, even though Dean had already offered to take the cot before they found out there wasn’t one.
Dean hasn’t had a hangover like this since...well, since right after the Empty swallowed Cas, if he’s being honest. But he’d rather not be right now, so he pushes that thought aside and turns his focus to breathing through the wave of nausea that hits when he sits up.
By the time Cas has three fingers in him, he’s shaking again. He’s pretty sure he’ll come the moment Cas gets his hand around him.
“C’mon, man, you’ve got the whole wide world of ties available to you in here!” he sweeps his hand in front of him as best he can while still holding a bag of clothes. “Have some fun.”
Dean doesn't trust his voice, so he nods. Swallows the
“I didn’t think you remembered that.”
Dean doesn’t know how long he stands staring at the closed door. He only turns away when he feels a hand fall lightly on his arm. It’s Jody.
Cas collapses on top of him. They’re both breathing hard. They’re sweaty and sticky, but Dean finds that he likes the weight of Cas on top of him. He can feel Cas slipping out of him and Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s back, like that might counter the strange, unexpected sensation of loss. Dean kisses him on the temple, the shell of his ear, his shoulder. He tastes like sweat and skin. Like Cas.
“Sorry we cock blocked you.” She smiles, still lightly teasing, then stares at Dean for a moment. “You know you have to talk to him about this, right?”
“And now we wait,” Dean says.
"I believed him," Sam says. "I still do."
And Dean can't stand even this negligible space between them anymore. His knees strain and crack as he pushes himself up, but he still climbs into Cas's lap. He rolls his hips, dragging their dicks together. It's so good. It's fucking perfect. Everything about Cas is perfect.
Dean brings his hands up to cover Cas’s. “Hey, it’s all good. Don’t worry about it.”
They’re both breathing hard now. Dean swallows and the lump in his throat is so big that it hurts. Cas must see something of this on his face because he softens. He takes a step closer to the bed.
“Oh,” she says, chomping on her gum some more, gaze sliding to Cas for a moment. “A double.”
Dean manages to sit through breakfast, and even succeeds in eating most of a piece of toast and drinking his coffee. Cas fidgets the entire time. Dean tries resting a hand on Cas’s knee at one point, but Cas shifts almost immediately, dislodging him. He tries to pass it off like he was simply turning towards Sam as they talk, but Dean can’t help the sinking feeling that it was intentional.
Cas is dressed in a pair of Dean’s sweats and one of his old t-shirts because while he’d finally coaxed Cas out of his regular suit and trenchcoat get-up, they still haven’t gotten around to getting him clothes of his own. It does things to Dean to see Cas wearing his clothes, causes something warm and electric to unfurl in his belly. And then Cas reaches for some books on the top shelf, pulling his shirt up enough to reveal a strip of skin above the sweatpants that are hanging almost scandalously low on his hips (and hugging Cas more closely than they do Dean, leaving very little to the imagination).
Cas starts rubbing his finger up and down, catching on his rim with every upstroke, and Dean is already shaking with it. He buries his face against Cas’s neck as his hips twitch. A moment later Dean finds himself on his back. Cas flips them over so quickly and easily he barely has a chance to register the movement. Dean’s nerve endings alight with arousal.
“What aren’t you telling me?”
By the time the noodles are ready, Cas has worked his way through both bags of Doritos and has moved onto the Fritos.
“Dean.”
“Better?” Cas rumbles, once Dean has tossed the tie with his coat and jacket.
"Goodnight, Dean," Cas replies.
Jody laughs. “I will. And you call me if you need anything.” She tilts her head and gives him a pointed look, eyes flickering briefly to Cas.
Dean is no stranger to self-loathing, but he’s plumbing new depths of that emotion tonight.
With that small accomplishment under his belt, Dean makes his way to the kitchen in a quest for coffee. He’s hit with the smell of French toast as soon as he enters, which is frankly too much in his current state, but he pushes through. Jody looks even rougher than Dean feels, which he thinks should probably be impossible. She’s clutching a mug of steaming coffee like it might cure her hangover through osmosis. A plate of dry, untouched toast sits at her elbow.
“So? What’s the verdict?” Dean asks.
Jody snorts. “You give my cooking more credit than it deserves.”
“No, I want to eat three eggs, but you gotta try some, too. You can’t learn to cook if you don’t taste your own food.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Dean says, not really knowing what else to say.
“Dean,” Cas says, too frazzled to protest as Dean eases him to the side and takes the pan of eggs over to the trash. He dumps the gelatinous glob into the bin and drops the pan in the sink before turning back to Cas.
Dean steadies himself by pressing his palms flat to the table and taking measured breaths to quiet the blood surging in his ears. It does nothing to calm the jittery adrenaline spike caused by thinking Cas had left. Again. He feels the way he does when they pull all-nighters guzzling sludgy gas station coffee and energy drinks, jagged around the edges and a little bit sick.
Dean blinks at him, unable to come up with a response to such a statement.
Sam looks visibly surprised, like he was expecting Dean to go off on him for making a decision based on information the rest of them didn't have. And that creates a churn of guilt in his gut that threatens to unseat the last mouthful of whiskey he swallowed. He never wanted Sam to be scared of him the way that Dean had been scared of John. He worked so hard to protect him from that and it was looking like he'd failed. Failed like he had at so many things.
Donna laughs and says, “I’m just teasing. I’m happy for you. It’s about time you two got things sorted.”
“Are we going to have to make a ‘no sex in the kitchen’ rule?” Sam asks, because he’s the literal worst and takes pleasure in Dean’s discomfort.
Dean turns to see if Cas is getting all this and finds him watching so intently that he’s suddenly self-conscious. He was going to wait for the bacon to cook a bit before starting the eggs, but he doesn’t think he’ll be able to keep from starting something with Cas if he doesn’t occupy himself in some other way, and he doesn't want to burn the food all over again. So he gets the second pan on a burner.
Dean runs his hands over Cas’s back with renewed confidence. He may be out of practice, but this is something that Dean knows he's good at. The secret to good sex, Dean’s learned over years of enthusiastic enjoyment, is simply paying attention to your partner. And there’s no one on this earth he’s paid closer attention to than Cas.
“I wanted you to have a chance to live your life,” Cas says gently. “To figure out what you wanted without Chuck, or the affairs of Heaven and Hell coming down on your shoulders.” He stumbles over the word ‘heaven’ and Dean realizes he’s lumping himself into that category.
“I thought I’d continue cataloging the library. Sam would appreciate it, I think.”
It’s stupid. He’s being
“Not you, too,” Dean says, sighing with faux exasperation but smiling the entire time. As much as he can’t help squirming under the knowledge that apparently he and Cas came as a surprise to exactly no one, he’s less squirmy about Donna knowing.
“I’d like that,” Cas finally says. He squeezes Dean’s hand.
He goes to Donna first.
He steadfastly ignores how fucking
“No, I am. I really, honestly am.”
Sam shakes his head and drags a hand over his face. "Nothing." He sounds, if possible, even more exhausted than he looks.
Dean drops his hand lower, dancing his fingers over the length of Cas through the denim.
“They’re noodles, man. You’ve never had a noodle cup?” Most things about Cas don’t surprise him, but this does. He would have thought that his time spent working at the Gas ‘n’ Sip would’ve acquainted him with noodle cups.
“Dean.” This time it comes out like a plea.
“Earth to Dean,” Sam says, and Dean blinks.
Dean nods. "He slept last night and he's been eating more, but that's the first time he hasn't been able to use any grace at all."
“What?” he asks defensively.
The next morning, Dean finds Sam in the library, hunched over an ancient tome, the cup of coffee at his elbow gone cold. He looks terrible and Dean wonders if he slept at all. His hair is hanging lank around his face and the bags under his eyes have taken on a purple tinge. The air of defeat clinging to him is so thick that for a moment Dean thinks he could almost brush it away like cobwebs. It doesn't even look like he's reading the book he has open in front of him. Dean wants to tell him to give it a rest--they should at least get a day to regroup--but he knows Sam won't listen. Knows Sam would rather at least pretend to be working, even though he looks more like a reanimated corpse right now than a person.
Cas didn’t answer, but after a few seconds Dean saw him excuse himself from his brother and head towards the bathrooms, only to veer off at the last minute and look over at Dean.
With that, Sam gave Gabe his cell phone number, and Gabe proceeded to climb out of the truck. “Alright, Moose, you know normally I would say that someone who has a truck this big is overcompensating for something, but you are tall and have ungodly huge hands, so I’m going to withhold my judgement for now.” He winked at Sam and went inside, leaving Sam sitting in the driveway with his mouth gaping.
I’ve lived by one rule for as long as I can remember. Take care of Sammy, that’s been my life. Abnegation teaches selflessness, and the one person I have never had a problem putting above myself is Sam. Other than that, I don’t really feel like I belong in Abnegation. To be honest, I’m not sure that Sam does either. Sam is so smart, like smarter than anyone I have ever met. He could easily fit in with Erudite, although that is one faction I would really rather him not be associated with. The leader of the Erudite, Lucifer, has done nothing but cause my family grief.
Chapter 12: Family (Epilogue)
Dean had taken his mother up on the offer of running the restaurant alone, well without her. Cas had decided that he wanted to help both businesses, but he works mainly with Dean in their family restaurant, A Slice of Life. It’s not super fancy, but then again in Lawrence, they wouldn’t want it to be. You can come in, sit around the table and food is served family style. It’s something that wasn’t offered here before and has been a great hit amongst the residents.
He didn’t want to leave the next part out; he just wasn’t sure how Gabe would take it. “That’s where it started at least, but as I’m sure you have figured out, that isn’t all it is anymore. We haven’t really had much of a chance to talk about it, but I know not keeping us a secret is important to Dean, and it’s important to me. Wait, let me finish.” Cas could tell that it was killing Gabe to be quiet, so he would have mercy on his brother and make this as short as he could.
“Everything is okay, it’s just that Gabriel is back. Mom wanted him to do this instead of me, but he was out of town and couldn’t make it in for the preliminaries. Now, I’m stuck, since I am the one who competed. He would have been the answer I was looking for if he had been able to come a little sooner. Now, he’s just going to be a hindrance. He’s going to want to teach me and work with me, and it won’t leave us any time together. He’s staying with me, and with Sam at your house and Gabe at mine, the bakery will be the only place we can meet. I think I just panicked a little that I wouldn’t be able to see you anymore.” Cas just seemed lost.
Once I make it on the train, I meet a guy named Benny. He’s from Candor. It’s nice to talk to someone who seems to think this is just as crazy as me. Being from Candor though, he speaks his mind about it. I look out of the door to see where we are headed and notice that others are now jumping back out of the train onto the roof of a tall building. When I tell Benny that they are jumping, he says that they must be trying to kill us. We somehow get ourselves together enough to jump off the train and onto the roof along with the other initiates.
We climb in silence then, only the sound of our breaths and our hands and feet finding the rungs as we go. Then one of the rungs breaks, years of rust has probably made this thing a death trap. He grabs my legs as I start to fall. Once I get my balance, he asks if I’m okay. No, I’m definitely not okay. It’s not the fall that has me shaken though, it’s how he ran his hand up my leg to my waist to steady me. I stutter out that I’m fine and continue climbing.
“So you both would go together against Betty in the finals. That would definitely draw in the press and it doesn’t hurt that it would completely throw Betty off.” She looked at Mary for a moment, but then changed her focus to her youngest son. “Alright, I’ll help, for you.”
He couldn’t stand to see the defeat in Dean’s eyes and quickly encouraged him. “That is a great start. We just need to figure out how to get you from point A to point B. That’s what I’m here to do, remember?”
He liked Gabe and had no issue hanging out with him, but when they got to Cas’s house, Dean was pulling away. That meant Cas was probably home, and Gabe really needed to talk to his brother. “Alright, I think Cas is here. Talk to him, and then maybe we can talk later.”
He may not have meant it to be, but Cas saw that hint at sarcasm and completely twisted it around. To him, it meant there might actually be a chance for friendship, after all. He was just starting to realize that maybe that wasn’t all that he wanted from Dean.
Part Five: Trust
“I don’t mean to be a bother, but isn’t that against the rules?” Betty thought that surely this wasn’t something that they could do. They couldn’t team up in the final round, that wouldn’t be fair. Would it?
We will be there at eight. Gabe says there is no reason that we have to wait so late when no one is hiding anything. Evidently our previous behavior is ‘creepy’.
Walking into his mom’s house wasn’t something that Dean normally hesitated to do. It had always been a welcoming home and other than that one major blow up, things between him and his parents had always been fairly good. Today, however, he was nervous. Thankfully, he not only had Sam in his corner, but also Castiel and that was something that Dean was learning meant a lot. They had to convince Mary to help them, there was no way that they would be able to pull this off without her help, and hopefully Naomi’s.
They had to have run to set up a base. Everyone is standing around arguing over what we are going to do and who will be the one to decide. I figure that while they are fussing over stuff that should be easy to figure out, I’m just going to go and see if I can see what’s going on. I begin climbing the ferris wheel and Cas comes up behind me. He asks what I’m doing and when I tell him that I’m trying to get a better vantage point, he agrees and begins to climb up after me. I tell him that he doesn’t have to come with me and he says that I should go easy. That I took a beating and need to be careful.
When we make it across the bridge and enter the building on the other side, there is a tiny area that is boxed in. He says that it’s a fear of confinement. Just then the walls start moving in and he tells me that a Dauntless would try to find a way to stop it. I look around trying to find anything, and just as I’m about to freak out myself I find some nails that are lying on the ground. He says that I’m doing well as I try to wedge them under the moving walls to slow them down. It takes a while though, and evidently, when he gets nervous he tries to make stupid jokes. He tells me to take my time, he’s just enjoying himself in the shrinking room. I can’t help the eye roll. I really am trying my best.
“Huh? Well, at least it was just you and Gabe, although that might make their conversation a little more heated. Cas was hoping to talk to Gabe calmly, but I don’t think he likes me very much.” Dean was now worrying about how Cas would fare in that conversation. Their plan of meeting tonight hinged on how his talk went this afternoon.
The glass breaks and instead of the room that I was in, I’m back in the simulation room. Cas has a wild look in his eyes and asks me if I’m okay. I can’t answer because I’m trying to catch my breath. I feel as if I’ve been holding it, because in the simulation the water was surrounding me. I put my head between my knees and try to calm my breathing down. After a few seconds I stand up and walk around the room, letting your fears wash over you is something that throws you off, no matter how prepared you think you are.
“Thanks Deano, I’ll talk to you more later Cas, just remember what I said.” With that, Gabe made his way out of the bedroom, closing the door behind him.
The next morning, Dean felt like an idiot. He knew he had said some things; he was only hoping that he hadn’t done too many things, and especially not in front of their brothers. Looking around, Cas wasn’t in the bed with him, so that probably meant that he kept it in his pants. It was a little too quiet though, so he decided to head downstairs and see where everyone else was. He had gone to bed really early, and it was just starting to lighten outside.
“I get it. Thanks, Sammy. Just, uh, don’t tell mom. Please?” Dean hated that he sounded so small when it came to keeping this from his mother, but before everything that happened, he had been really close to her. Now that he was having to keep this a secret from her, it was killing him. They hadn’t ever been as close as they were before the blow out, but they had been working on it, and them sharing the bakery for years had helped that. He really hoped this wasn’t what would push them completely apart.
Gabe was not one to back down, so as he stood and started walking to the now abandoned living room, he asked, “Did your brother manage to down all the alcohol or is there some left for us to have a drink?”
Either way, we left. I gave birth to my boys in an abandoned building just outside of town. A lady from Abnegation snuck out and helped to deliver them. I didn’t know what to do. I was able to keep them for a few months, but as it started getting colder I knew that they would die out here. So I did the only thing I could do. I gave them up in hopes that they would have a better life. The lady that had delivered them told me that there was a family that would take them in. I knew the name, because John and Bobby had, at one time, been close friends. I don’t know what happened to end their friendship, but John had always said Bobby was a great man. I hoped that he was right.
“Stop! Anyone can stand in front of a target and it doesn’t prove anything.” This is how I find myself standing in front of the target with Cas’s icy stare trying to bore holes in my head. Garth covered the entire target and I’m not sure that he has the same faith in Cas that I do. It’s not hard for me to stand here and let him throw the knives. He hits me on the last throw though and when I confront him about it, he says that Uriel wouldn’t have let him stop without drawing blood. He’s probably right, and he barely nicked my ear anyway.
That’s what Sam did. They had a few drinks while waiting on Dean to come back downstairs, but that didn’t happen, and it was one of the best nights Sam had had in a long time. Nothing happened, not really. They just talked and spent some time together, but it wasn’t sarcastic or defensive, like most of his conversations with Gabe had been.
Dean decided to be sweet and take Cas up a cup of coffee and warn him that Gabe was home and they knew that Dean had spent the night, but just as he arrived at the door he heard voices. He could tell that Gabe had beaten him to talk to Cas, Dean wasn’t upset by that, but he would have liked to give Cas a heads up.
The two went around the table Dean had set up for tasting the different appetizers, entrees, and sides. Dean had decided he didn’t need to make desserts for Cas to taste since he was pretty sure Cas saw enough desserts in a day to choke a horse, just like he did. In fact, it was nice someone else would understand that Dean, who admittedly loved pie, wasn’t as fond of the many different choices that were offered in the bakery. They had both grown up around the many different treats and were no longer impressed by the decadence.
How wrong he’d been. Dean isn't living it in reverse at all. He’s filling the role like Cain never existed at all.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” Jack adds a moment later. He holds his head up high as he says it, not shying away. He’s done a lot of that lately. Apologizing. Dean’s starting to piece together that most of the stuff the kid’s apologized for hasn’t even been his fault. And for the rest of it, they were choices made by a kid who knew his dad was going to die and was powerless to stop it. “I wanted to, at first. And then I just… didn’t want anything anymore. And then it was too late.”
They get out of the car. Sam pulls their bags out of the trunk, his tiny backpack and Dean’s poor excuse for a packed bag, swinging one over his shoulder and handing the other one off to Dean. Dean makes sure the Impala is locked before leading them up the porch stairs to the front door. He warns them, “Claire’s probably asleep, so keep it down, will you? She’s got school in the morning.”
as Castiel’s stupid little crush on you was powerful enough to overcome literal godly powers.”
“No,” Bobby agrees. “Dean—”
“I believe it could count for quite a lot,” Cas tells him.
The shop is owned, Dean finds out, by the man’s wife. Dean doesn’t meet Theresa until he’s already worked seven days straight. Theresa is only a few inches shorter than him and has a handshake that intimidates the hell out of Dean, but they spend their first day together shooting the shit and comparing knowledge on classic cars. By the end of Dean’s first week in Bennett, Colorado, he’s earned a nice paycheck and a seal of approval from the town’s toughest resident.
“When a man and a woman love each other very much,” Dean deadpans, and Sam smacks him on the chest. Which, he decides, is fair, too.
For one, he’s learned that he much prefers being called Cas, instead of Castiel. That name in its entirety fits like an ill-tailored suit now, and he took those old rags off ages ago. He quite enjoys being known throughout the town as Cas, or Mr. Cas, or Claire’s dad. That, of course, is another thing he’s learned. He loves being a father. Even on the days when Claire wants nothing to do with him, though those days are far and few between recently. He’s learned that sometimes those days are unavoidable. Usually, though, Claire does her best to let herself love him.
“Are you alright?” he whispers. Dean stirs next to him, pulling himself into consciousness.
And Dean just grins. “Right, right. What was it you said a couple of days ago? Oh, yeah, something about how this world was the only one that went off the rails. Or, wait, I think you actually said this world was the only one where
And Sam’s going through some shit, and Dean’s not gonna be an asshole about that, even if he’s itching to ask what Sam remembers about being down there. Wouldn’t be fair of him, anyway, especially since Dean spent so long bristling and changing the subject any time someone asked him about what the Pit was like.
And so it goes that the first act of free will is a temptation, too.
“That
“Here,” Cas says finally, and he crawls back into bed. He presses close to Dean, leaving room on his side of the bed for Claire to climb in like the little girl Cas never got to see her be. She buries her face against Cas once she’s under the covers, and her tears soak his shirt. “It’s alright.”
For some reason, this makes Sam pause again.
raising me. And he looks like my dad, but he’s not—”
He’d want to know, even if it was over the phone. And Dean, he isn’t gonna keep this from Bobby, not when he knows it in his bones that he’d be desperate to know as soon as friggin’ possible if it was his kid that had come back crawling out of the ground that buried them.
wanted them to.
“You know, I kind of pieced that much together on my own, but thanks.”
of it, dammit, he’s proud of the house with the crumbling walls that he turned safe and warm and he’s proud of the people that he took care of well enough that they became his family. He’s got a job and he’s good at it, and he has friends, and he has a regular friggin’ order at a diner, and Dean, he’d—he’d never been
“Sorry!” Claire shouts from her room, unapologetic. Cas raises his book to hide his grin.
The stairs creak as he waits for the tea to steep, but it’s not Dean who rounds the corner like Cas expects.
His reflection hasn’t changed. Those are still his eyes, and that’s his nose, and his cheekbones, and his mouth. That’s still his hair, albeit a bit longer.
Dean grins, too, and turns the radio up so Claire has a reason to sing louder.
The air mattress is set up, in the living room, so the furniture’s been moved around a bit. There’s a few extra pillows and blankets that Dean kept stored in the coat closet already laid out. Upstairs, Dean knows, Cas tidied up his room and made up a space for another person to sleep in.
“Just leave it,” Lisa tells him.
“Yeah, because no one likes tearing up fuckin’ flooring,” Dean tells him. “But now that I know I got real, quality hardwood?” He hums, low and pleased. “Don’t matter if this is the most annoying thing in the world. Finding this under here, means I don’t have to spend money on some knock-off shit to replace the linoleum. Never thought I’d be grateful to the stupid fucks that covered their nice hardwood floors with friggin’
parents, Cas.”
“I know,” Cas says quietly.
Exasperated, Dean says, “She doesn’t need a new laptop, Cas, she’s just saying that because Mythri got a new one and she wants one, too.”
“Uh, yeah?” Sam tells him. “Who else is going to sneak Claire her first beer?”
“But we’re supposed to be
They’re both laughing when Dean throws his sketchbook somewhere in the room without looking and pins Cas down into the mattress. Dean’s eyes are bright. Happiness is one of the greatest looks on him. Dean says, “Tell me more about these many talents I have.”
Cas hums in acknowledgement. Ronnie hands him two jars of fresh honey with shaky hands.
He’s expecting it, honestly, so he’s not sure why it sucks so bad when Cas says, “Dead.”
“Cas,” Dean says.
Even at their closest, when Dean twines their hands together and Cas moves inside him and warmth radiates in every corner of their room, sometimes Cas still wishes there was a way to be closer. Sometimes he thinks the only way he’d be satisfied is if he could walk right into the heart of Dean and never walk back out.
There’s an older man outside that reminds Dean almost too much of Bobby, who grunts when Dean parks and climbs out of the car. He’s got a beer can in his hand and leans against a chipped-paint wall.
“We’re just pulling up,” she says. “I answered the phone so he wouldn’t be on it while he was driving.”
“Tomorrow is his birthday. And, well. The circumstances are a bit different this year.”
Strangely enough, Sam laughs at that, too. He shrugs. When he catches Cas’s eye, there are unshed tears that he blinks away. “Better than I was,” Sam answers. “Not as good as I used to be. Does that count for anything?”
Dean takes Bobby’s hand and staggers to his feet.
“Don’t,” Dean says bluntly, panic rising in his throat.
“Still getting used to being back in a body, I think” Sam admits. He places a few apples in his basket and doesn’t meet Cas’s eye.
“Jesus, sweetheart, I know,” Dean mutters. His eye roll is fond. With his free hand, he turns off the stovetop before reaching up and pressing his fingertips to Cas’s chin. “I’m just giving you hell ‘cause that’s what I do best.”
He feels it, rather than sees it, when Dean shrugs. “Spent a lot of time looking at house plans when I was a kid. First, ‘cause Dad thought it was important that I know the layout in case we needed to haul ass, but. Later just ‘cause I liked to look at them. It makes sense, you know? I… I can see a layout in my head before I even start to draw it out, because I just know how it should be. I dunno. Feels like when I get my hands on the inside of an old car, I guess.”
“Beats me. Says he tried contacting you once, but nothing ever came of that.”
The Mark is back on his forearm. It’s funny, Dean thinks, because he hardly even notices it. The molten power that had ignited his veins and branded his skin feels nothing like the fury he felt the first time they played this game. Hell, maybe it’s trying, but Dean would be hard-pressed to tell. Everything feels secondary to whatever emotion is slamming against his chest, filling his lungs and threatening to cut through his throat and bleed him dry.
Another case. There’s always another case. Sam and Dean are gone, and Cas feels a restless itch in his hollow bones and nowhere to go. He could waste his time and keep looking for something that could give them an upper hand, but. Cas sighs. At least with a case, he’ll feel like he’s helping someone. “The murderer is someone we’re looking for?”
“Oh my god,” Dean whines. “You’re really not gonna tell me?”
“Claire,” Cas says, hurt, but when he stands to stop her from leaving the kitchen and going up to her room, Dean stands too, putting a hand on his chest to hold him in place. Neither of them move until they hear her door close. It’s not even a slam, but for some reason that makes Cas flinch even harder.
Cas leaves. Dean listens to his footfall as he walks down the hall. Listens for Cas’s tentative knock on Claire’s bedroom door, and the low rumble of their voices before she lets him into her room. They don’t come right away, but Dean’s grateful for that. His hands are shaking so bad he’s afraid it might scare Claire.
There’s a rustle of wind behind him that sounds eerily like the flutter of angel wings every time Cas arrives, but when Dean turns, there’s no one there. Stull is quiet for another moment, staying still, until all at once the throbbing and pain in Dean’s face subsides and Bobby sits up, gasping for air.
Belatedly, he sees a scuff of some kind near the front door, where the rug got jostled and kicked back. Dean goes to fix it, putting his foot on the edge of the rug and starting to put it back into place when he stops, suddenly, and looks at the mark again.
told ya we'd deal with that eventually... surprise?
Turning sharply, Sam says to Bobby, “I can take the air mattress.”
“And what comes after all this?” Cas asks.
“I know,” Claire says, though there’s still an uncertain look on her face. She glances out the window and bites the inside of her cheek. “I know you’ll try your best.”
“I have a couch, too,” he finishes lamely, and apparently that’s good enough for them.
“How many nights?” the motel clerk tiredly asks, when Dean decides to bite the bullet and check in, certain he’ll reach a point today when he’s gotta crash.
This makes Dean laugh, a punched-out thing that’s more surprise than anything else. “I guess I would look older to you right now.”
Cas bids them goodnight first, going upstairs and into Dean’s room, probably in an attempt to make Dean feel less panicked about how obvious it is that they’re sharing a bed, and Dean’s stupid heart is pounding out of his chest at that like Cas just did some big dumb romantic gesture.
Everything slows. The tar melts away, the water clears, and his brother appears before him. He raises a hand into the air and gives Castiel one final reminder,
“You’re leaving?” she asks. She’s so friggin’ young, and it knocks the wind right outta Dean that he’s putting her through this. He swore he’d never do this kind of shit to his kids. Never leave them in the middle of the night and make ‘em cry.
Dean won’t let it be. Sure, he mourned the kid for damn near a year, and he doesn’t know what to do now that Sammy’s back, but. It’s still his friggin’ brother. Still the same kid that he knows better than anyone, the same kid that Dean grew up making sure had a better childhood than he could.
Claire’s eyes dart between them, and hesitation spreads across her face. “Never mind,” she says softly, already backing up. “Sorry. Goodnight.”
“They would have worried,” Cas tells him.
So Dean sits.
“She’ll need some time to adjust,” Cas mutters, mostly to himself. He closes the door again but leaves it unlocked. Dean waits until Cas sits down heavy on the edge of the bed. It’s only then that he finally looks at Dean like he’s only just seeing him, and offers him a small smile. “Hello, Dean.”
Cas reaches up and brushes his fingertips along Dean’s jaw. He’ll need to shave, soon, though Cas wouldn’t mind it if he didn’t. Every version of Dean is the most handsome Cas has ever seen. “You’re a good man, Dean,” Cas says seriously. “You’re an excellent father to Claire. You’re a great brother to Sam. This town loves you, your family loves you, and I love you.”
She’s so damn beautiful. God, Dean wishes he could love her the way she deserves. Wishes he weren’t a broken, grieving man holding the pieces of a love he doesn’t know how to share in his hands, because maybe if he were a little bit better then this part would be a little bit easier and he’d actually have a fucking chance here. A shot in hell to share a life with someone.
Dean winks back at him, still not pulling fully away. Cas searches his face, lingering on the tightness at the corners of Dean’s eyes and the way his mouth downturns once the room grows quiet again. He looks better, at least, than he did when he first found out. Cas hopes this means it will continue to get better.
“Does it make you mad that he’s dead again because of you?” Chuck shoots back, smug and smarmy and infuriating. He folds his arms against his chest. “Maybe mad isn’t the right word. Maybe heartbroken fits a bit better. Gotta be honest, I’m really impressed by that handprint on your jacket, really gives this whole thing a solid, full circle feel. Is that why you chose to come here? Thought I might be persuaded by the promise of a poetic end paralleling the beginning?”
Dean shrugs. “Yeah, no, she’s not. She’s, uh. Cas’s kid, technically. Maybe biologically, too, I don’t know, we haven’t really. I mean, it’s weird. The whole situation is so weird, Sam, I don’t even…”
When the sun starts to rise, creeping over the horizon at an uncertain pace, Dean calls Lawrence Memorial Hospital and asks about any John Doe’s. The nurse sounds young, and new, and she’s uncertain when she tells him she doesn’t think anyone matching the description he gave has come in.
“Claire and I went on a run this morning before school,” Cas says apologetically. “She’s very determined to make the track team.”
Dean just stares at him blankly.
And none of it fucking matters. It’s the same story every time they come back. And the next time they play their parts, it’ll be Dean’s turn to go again.
“Sure do,” Dean agrees. He kisses Cas again, and again, and again, until Cas’s head is spinning with it.
“I’ll think of that next time he goes missing and I’m trying to track him down with what I have,” Dean snaps. He’d been hungry, and that had been the only reason he’d gone in, but his anger overtakes it quickly and leaves him feeling empty in a new way. He sits his ass down on some bench he’s half sure is on KU’s campus just to have a place to stew until he can chill out, and he digs his phone out of his pocket.
It feels like creation; a feeling Cas had long since forgotten he was allowed to feel.
“Yeah, because this looks like
“There are lots of worms in the soil,” Cas replies. He smoothes over the dirt with his gloved hand before leaning back and squinting at Claire. It’s a bright day, cloudless, but her sunglasses lay on top of her head instead of covering her eyes, and she’s glaring down at the worm in the ground as though it’s done something to personally offend her. Dean says, when she gets that look on her face, she’s practically a spitting image of Cas. The thought makes his chest swell with pride. “You don’t like worms?”
“I hope so,” Dean says instead, because he won’t lie to the kid. He’ll do better by her.
Cas stays in the building for a long time. Dean’s nerves are fried, and he’s not sure whether it’s got more to do with the fact that he’s been out of practice for two months and worried he’s not prepared or if it’s the fact that he thought Cas was dead up until sixteen hours ago. He hadn’t even gotten the reunion he’d expected. No holy water in his face, no silver in his arms. Nothing against Cas, too. Just the trust that they were who they said they were. And Cas’s haste to get away from the motel and into this creepy-looking church. Dean had expected a bit of a fight. Maybe a hug. He’d definitely hoped he could at least crash on a couch for four hours before hitting the road again.
“Son of a rat bitch motherfucking bastard
Dean makes a face. “Hey, Baby’s precious cargo.”
“I’m gonna get you some water,” Jack says decisively, and he’s gone before Cas can even protest and ask him to stay.
you guys what the freak i'm so blown away by the reception this little story is receiving and the love you leave in comments WHAT THE FUCK! i love you all!!
Claire huffs over the line. “I can do it by myself, I’m not a kid.”
He’s not meant to feel afraid. He’s meant to feel—
Dean waits until he hears her bedroom door softly close before he leaves.
“Claire?” he murmurs.
The list has no particular order, but everything on it has meaning. Humanity, most of the time. His truck. The mixtape Dean made him that’s currently jammed in the cassette player in his truck. The yellow curtains he and Kelly picked out for the kitchen. This house and the waterfront where he planned to raise his son. Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. His siblings, even when he feels like he should hate them. Those who showed him loyalty and taught him what it meant to be kind. Kelly. Meg. Jack. Mary Winchester, and Charlie Bradbury, and Eileen Leahy. Sam Winchester. Dean Winchester.
There’s a young woman in Fort Lupton advertising hens for sale, and when they call to see if they can come by she tells them she’ll have sweet tea ready for them before they even pull off the interstate. So they load up supplies in Cas’s truck while Sam pulls up a map. Claire spends the entire drive suggesting names, and Cas keeps one hand on the wheel and one hand wrapped around Dean’s fingers and drives the whole way with a smile on his face.
thing.”
“It’s not a hunt,” Cas says, which really isn’t an answer at all. Dean scoffs. “Stop here.”
“Even if I wasn’t bored, I’d still want to know,” Dean says finally, just as Cas is pulling his bowl back out at the microwave. They sit down at the table together. “I know I’m an asshole, and I’m not gonna promise I won’t give you shit for whatever, because that’s just what I do, but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to know what you’re up to, Cas.”
“No,” Dean disagrees. “All of your angels come out like that. That ain’t what made Cas special. You wanna know what did? You wanna know what made this Cas so prone to choosing his own path? It was me.”
“I’m thinkin’ something with that kind of juice would be more than able to lift your ass outta the Cage, too,” Bobby says.
Ronnie waves a dismissive hand in the air. “Oh, just the price a’ one will do just fine. Long as you bring that jar with you to the barbecue tomorrow, alright? Might be able to convince Petey to slather it on some ribs before tossing ‘em on the grill.”
Chuck glances between them, unbelieving, but neither of them waver. And when they continue to hold their ground, Chuck begins to laugh. “Hold on, I wanna make sure I got this right. In this scenario, you’re Cain and Sam’s Abel and Castiel is… whoever it was Cain married. Are you telling me that you honestly believe, if you were in Cain’s shoes, that you would be able to do the same thing?”
but sometimes I forget that you’re, like. My parents now. And sometimes I’m still so…
“I will,” Claire sighs, as she always does. She glances up at him. He wonders if she remembers what they talked about last night. He hopes that she does, if only for the sake of her remembering that he promised he’d care for her no matter what. Claire looks away from him quickly, after that, but she still reminds him, “Don’t forget your jacket.”
A whimper, a bang. None of that matters. Everything’s become unravelled anyway.
“It’s okay to miss them,” Cas promises her. “It won’t change how much I care for you.”
“To get the hell away from here?” Sam asks, and the corner of his mouth quirks up into a grin.
“Should I call Uncle Sam?” Claire asks. Her voice is distant, but even still he’s too aware of the way she sounds far older than she should be and much younger than she is all at once.
It isn’t until they pass a sign that tells them a left turn at the next stoplight will take them straight into the heart of Pontiac that Dean realizes where he’s been taking them all this time.
An hour out of Stull, Dean’s phone chimes with a text. Dean glances at it, barely, frowning at the 3am timestamp and Cas’s contact name. He supposes that answers his question about whether or not Cas had gone to bed.
Upstairs, something falls to the ground again, and Dean lets out another string of colorful expletives. Claire gestures up the stairs as though she’s proving a point. It’s startling, for a second, taking her in. She mimics so many of Dean’s mannerisms without even knowing it. With that snarky expression on her face and that Led Zeppelin shirt stolen from Dean’s laundry basket on her back and that expectant way she looks at him, like she knows she’s riling him up and enjoying it, Claire looks so startlingly similar to Dean that it knocks the breath right out of Cas’s lungs.
“Why didn’t she stay with Amelia’s mom?” Dean prods, curiosity getting the best of him.
Something in Cas’s chest rattles free.
“Shit,” Dean breathes out. He finally glances at Sam. “Can I. I mean. Shit. I don’t want to, like. I mean, I get it, right? At least some part of it, I get it. So you can tell me to fuck off whenever, you know? I’m not gonna. I won’t ask about
“Oh,” Claire says. “Cool. Is he gonna come back with you?”
“Rowena was gonna bring Mom back, you know,” Dean says suddenly. He takes a long sip of his root beer, nose wrinkling as he’s still adjusting to the sweet taste. “That’s what the spell that brought Eileen back was for. But she didn’t go through with it, after we found out that Mom was happy where she was.”
. it’s the only thing i’ve been able to think about ever since she posted it!
“Yeah. Never said I’m sorry about that, did I?”
“You think he’d be in a better mood since it’s his birthday,” Claire says, exasperated. She fidgets from her spot on the arm of the couch, almost kneeing Cas’s chin in the process of him painting her toenails. “Whoops, sorry. Anyway.”
Dean won’t think about any of that again for a long time.
and he doesn’t have a damn clue what he meant to say. He blinks, scrambling, before the words come tumbling out of him, “I know we’re both trying to make sure Claire’s good, but I can take care of more than one person at a time. So. If you need anything.”
A police officer calls one of Sam’s phones while the Winchesters are out, and Cas answers it out of habit.
“I know,” Cas whispers. He buries his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. “It’s going to be alright, though. I truly believe that.”
All of this, and for what? How could any of that
“You’re the best role model Claire could possibly ask for,” Cas says seriously, and just like that they’re back in that same damn place that makes Dean feel like he can’t breathe. Cas looks at him until Dean finally sighs and meets his eye. “I know you don’t like to hear it. And I wish it didn’t make you feel uncomfortable. But you’re a good man, Dean. I’m happy to remind you in case you ever forget.”
because Cas likes to go. Grocery shopping Sunday mornings, then lazy movies Sunday afternoon, and it doesn’t matter if all of them are there or not, someone always puts one on.
“For Sam,” Bobby says.
And we’re never gonna see it again. Or, like, if we do, we won’t even know that it’s the same one.”
Sam calls the day before Dean’s birthday, and it’s as much of a surprise as it isn’t.
“And it got me killed,” Castiel continues. The smile drops from Dean’s face as quickly as it had appeared. Dean looks away.
It’s at least a seven hour drive to Stull, so Dean guesses he’ll be there right after four in the morning. A few days ago he would have balked at the idea of driving through the night again. Especially after settling down. But.
Dean dusts some more flour on the counter and rubs the excess over the rolling pin. Then he shifts aside and hands the rolling pin to Cas. Cas takes it, but then stares at the pastry, at a loss for how to proceed.
“Jack?” Dean can feel his frown deepening, which causes the throbbing in his head to dig in further, but he’s putting some pieces together and doesn’t like the picture its painting. “How long have you been back?” he demands.
“Not unless you’re okay ending up in a ditch or wrapped around a tree,” he says.
Overwhelmed, Dean lets his head fall to Cas’s shoulder, nose bumping against his collarbone, and Cas leans his head against him. He brings his hand up to soothe a thumb over the hinge of Dean’s jaw.
"I just spoke with Donatello," Cas says, oblivious to Dean's recent panic, holding his cell phone to indicate the recent conversation. He hadn't left at all. Dean shuts his eyes and takes another steadying breath as Cas continues, "He doesn't have any insight into whether the demon tablet could be of any further use."
And then they both let go at the same time, scrambling at each other’s clothes, unable to undress each other fast enough. Cas gets momentarily stuck in his t-shirt. Dean gets tangled in his jeans and has to stop trying to angle towards Cas in order to get himself out of them. But they manage, eventually, and then they’re both gloriously naked.
Dean busies his hands tracing over the cut glass patterns of his tumbler. “We, uh, we haven’t...you know. Yet.”
“Yeah, it would.”
. It's all very comfortable and normal and at a certain point it fully hits Dean that this is his life now. He gets to have this—Cas laughing at a silly sitcom while Dean rests his head on his shoulder and they pick at leftovers.
But this is also an opening.
“Dean.” His voice is lower than Dean’s ever heard it, gravelly and plaintive all at once. Dean has never been more turned on in his entire life.
Jody sits him down on the couch in front of the presents and then produces an apple pie lit up with candles. They all sing and Dean squeezes Cas’s hand the entire time. His chest is tight and his throat thick with emotion. He can’t believe they did this for him. Dean has to take a steadying breath before he can blow out the candles.
I watch as more Dauntless gather around to just stand and watch us. I’m back by the building, so they can’t see me. Then someone comes up. I haven’t seen my boys in about a year, that was the last time they were at the drop off site, but I know Dean. He looks too much like me to not realize it’s him. He comes up behind some others that are yelling some rather hateful things, but doesn’t join in. I wonder what they have told them about us. It seems that Dean isn’t Abnegation any longer. I didn’t realize that much time had passed that they would have already had their choosing ceremony. I wonder where Sam ended up.
The next morning I wake up alone, but it isn’t long before Cas comes walking through the door. He asks where I went yesterday. I feel like I should be ashamed, so I am looking down when I tell him that I went to see my brother. I feel anger begin to well inside me when he asks if it’s getting a little too boring for me here. I want to explain to him that Sammy is my life, but that doesn’t fit in well with the faction before blood and I keep my mouth shut. I tell him that my brother told me that he thinks that Erudite is planning to overthrow Abnegation. For some reason I feel like I can trust him enough to ask this, it may have to do with the fact that he saved my life last night.
He continued cleaning the cuts on my hand, but I had to break the silence. He is just too intense. If I let myself, I can be carried away in those extremely blue eyes and a deep gravelly voice. So instead I ask why he thinks that Garth attacked me. He’s my friend, so I shouldn’t have had to worry about him. Cas tells me that Garth wasn’t going to make the cut and that he was afraid. That it caused him to make a stupid decision. I tell him that everyone is afraid, and that isn’t an excuse for what he did. He tells me that different people react differently to fear. That it shuts people like Garth down, but not me. He tells me that it wakes me up. The way he looks at me sometimes, it makes me think that maybe he would be into me if I could just let him know that I’m into him. I believe that he’s wrong about me, because fear is what keeps my mouth shut about how I feel.
I should have known that this would be one of his fears. I already knew that he didn’t like heights from the ferris wheel. I try to joke it off telling him that he has a fear of heights, which he already knows, and that I’m not surprised. He also knows that I know this, but he’s quiet and it takes a moment for him to acknowledge me. I get his attention when I tell him that it isn’t real and that we could just jump. His response is to finally stand up and tell me that no, we can’t jump. He says that a divergent would jump, but a Dauntless would try to get to the building on the other end of the bridge. He says that if I want to pass, I have to conquer my fears and escape the way that a Dauntless would. That I have to look for a tool or some method to survive, that’s how I will make it undiscovered.
The kids only added to the mix. When they were younger their children had actually been children and would be playing in the other room at the house, but now they were there helping, actually contributing to ideas, in Dean’s case and keeping track of what they had tried and what they wanted to try next, in Cas’s. It was a good system, Dean was starting to relax, there was a pretty good chance that they were going to pull this off. He was so happy that when a song came on the radio that was great for dancing, Dean didn’t even think twice about getting up and pulling Cas in for a slow  dance.
The good thing about being out here, is that there is a chance for me to see Dean. Even if it is rare and he never sees me, I like the fact that I can keep an eye on him. I need to talk to John about this. Whenever I bring up Dauntless, he always shuts me down, but maybe he will change his mind if one of his boys is now in the same position. I would like to think that he would want to keep him safe. The best way that I have found to do that is to keep an eye on them and help from the edges. It may be different with my own child, but I would like to think it’s the same concept, and so it will work.
When we got down to the part of Dauntless that does tattoos I saw Joanna, or Jo as she goes by now. She was doing tattoos, so I went over to her station and picked some birds. It would show that I was flying away from my past and toward my future. She didn’t want to talk to me, but seeing that I was a customer she couldn’t just send me away. When I tried to ask her about my testing, she told me she just does tattoos, like she didn’t even know me. While she was doing my tattoo I was finally able to get her to open up about it a little.
Sam chuckled. “I wouldn’t dream of it, but you know this town. Don’t get too friendly in front of anyone or everyone will know.” With that, it seemed that their heavy conversation was over, and Sam took his overnight bag up to the spare room. Apparently, he was going to be staying with Dean for a bit. He didn’t care, of course, but it would have been nice if he had known beforehand. Now he had to get ready and head to the fairgrounds. It was almost time for the semi-finals.
It was early in the morning when Dean had declared Cas’s bread ‘awesome’, and they decided they needed to clear out before the morning crew came in to open up the bakery. Castiel had watched as Dean started the pastries that would be needed to get the shop open for the day, and he had helped clean up their mess from the night before. Castiel went out the back door when they heard the front door ping that the openers were coming in, but he was waiting out back like Dean had asked.
I wake up in the infirmary that has been set up for initiates. Benny and Garth are there and they look sad. They have on some military type vests and that means that I’m about to miss training if I stay here. When I ask about it, they say that Uriel cut me. I’m out. I can’t be out. I will be Dauntless. They leave so that they won’t miss the train. I get changed and run after. I made it. Cas watched me run along the platform for a few seconds, but eventually helped me up onto the train. For a second I didn’t think Uriel was going to let me back in that easy. I guess he liked my determination.
“Okay, princess, come make your coffee, and I will start on some breakfast, since it is my fault we are still all here this morning.” Dean did actually feel bad about getting so drunk last night that they couldn’t actually talk.
The next thing I know, I’m standing in a field outside the wall. I hear something in the bushes behind me and turn around to see what it is. A vampire runs at me, and just as it gets close enough that I think I might not get away, lightning strikes. The field that I’m standing in catches on fire. I grab a long branch that is lit with flames and swing it at the vampire. It recoils from the flame, even though I know it can’t kill it. It would injure the creature.
Chapter 5: Pumpkin Bread
We get off the train at this old amusement park. It’s pretty cool, but that is something that I find awesome anyway. I like that the old buildings, in the parts of town that only Dauntless get to see, are still the way they were before the war. It’s like opening a time capsule, of course they have a lot of damage from the fighting, and wear and tear, but they are still amazing. There’s old booths, and a ferris wheel. It’s just that you get to see the adventure and the experiences that we don’t get to have anymore. Uriel’s team disappears the minute that we left the train.
It was easier than Dean thought getting Sam and Gabe to go along with the idea, Cas was the one that was a little hesitant. That threw Dean off a little, he had expected it to be the other way around. He didn’t want to dampen Cas’s defiance, they would actually need that, but he hadn’t expected it to be aimed toward him. In the end, Dean was able to convince Cas that what they were doing wasn’t against any rules and that it was in fact something that was allowed by the contest runners. It wasn’t something that had ever been done before, but it was allowed. Dean had made sure that it was, he didn’t want to jeopardize anyone’s chances.
Chapter 6: Business Plans
Naomi was surprised that Mary was talking to her instead of yelling at or insulting her. Honestly, she couldn’t remember the last time that they had spoken to each other without either thing happening. “What does Betty have to do with this? I’ll listen, I’m not promising anything else until after I hear what’s going on, but I can promise that.”
“Your winners for this year's Pumpkin Pie Bake Off, Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak!” The excitement in the building was palpable and Dean grabbed Cas up spinning him around in his enthusiasm. Then he planted a kiss right on Cas’s lips in front of everyone present, not caring what a single one of them thought about his actions.
Over by the ride trucks?
Castiel had decided that he officially despised pumpkin bread. It was okay though, because the feeling seemed to be mutual. He had been trying all day to make a loaf without any help. If he could do this on his own, he had decided he wouldn’t need the help from Dean. Today was the day they had agreed to meet. Dean was coming over to the bakery at ten tonight, and it was nine forty five.
He tells me that yeah, he believes that is something that Erudite would be capable of. I tell him that I’m worried about my parents. He looks away and takes a breath before agreeing with me, but also telling me that he thinks I have other things that I need to be worrying about. He’s right, and I agree with him. I have people that are trying to kill me. I have to worry about that and passing this second stage of training. After looking at each other for longer than is probably normal, I get up and tell him that I should go. What I don’t voice out loud is that leaving is the last thing that I want to do, but I feel like he already knows that from our silent exchange. He seems to want to say something as I’m leaving, but he evidently decides not to and then I leave.
I watch as a group of Dauntless gather just up the road from us. John gets so mad when they gather and just watch, but I can’t help but to look for my babies. I guess it’s a mom thing. I’ve seen them, when the Abnegation would bring food, but they never saw me. We left them with Bobby and Ellen because we knew that they would look after them. That they could give them a life that we would never be able to as long as we are living as we do.
Part Two: Testing
They were at Dean and Cas’s restaurant with the extended Winchesters and Novaks gathered around the table. This was what it meant to be a family, being able to spend time with those that you love and that love you. They all hoped that they would have many more years of this, but it was definitely a good start. To think it all came about because of a family feud and a pumpkin pie war.
Once I feel like I can function again, he asks me what I’m doing there. I tell him that I’m in trouble and he decides we can’t have this conversation here. He pulls me to a side hall. I almost tell him right there, but then he has this look. This is ridiculous, I should be able to trust my own brother, but I stick to something that was true until very recently. I tell him that I’m not going to make it at Dauntless. I tell him that I don’t fit in there and he insists that I have to fit in there. I tell him that I’m not like them, he says no one is, that they are crazy. I try to see where he stands on things and ask him if he thinks that I could go back to Abnegation. He says that I can’t go back, that they would never let me do that.
“What’s wrong with these?” Cas asks with a frown.
“You still haven’t tried any,” Dean says, hooking two fingers through Cas’s belt loop to keep him close. It feels intimate, that small action, and Dean is nearly giddy with it. He can’t stop smiling.
Dean tears into the ugly linoleum in the kitchen and finds out he’s got friggin
second chapter should hopefully be up soon, esp now that i wrote myself out of the hole i dug myself in lol. don't hold me to that tho<3
Chuck raises an eyebrow. It’s a storyline that’s too compelling for even him to ignore. “Let’s see you put your money where your mouth is.”
They’ve changed. Both of them, and for entirely different reasons that Dean can’t think about for too long without feeling like the guilt of it is gonna choke him to death. But Sam, he just… He just got out of
Cas wakes up to the sound of Jack Kline asking him to come home.
“You all brought me back,” Cas realizes.
“I don’t know what the hell I’m gonna do now, Sammy,” Dean admits. It spills out of him all at once, and as soon as it’s out there, Dean feels like a puppet with his strings cut. His shoulders sag in relief that the weight they’d carried is gone now.
“Great,” Cas says, and damn if the fucking smile that takes over his whole damn face doesn’t make Dean feel like maybe,  just this once, giving in was the best call.
Castiel goes sick with power, and it’s a legacy he’ll never be able to outrun.
It takes the last ounce of his power, all of the waning strength he has left after his fight, but Cas uses it to guide Dean back to him. Even as it drains him, it’s worth it. No amount of power will ever compare to knowing Dean Winchester will come back for him.
Cas used to think his first act of free will came when he marked Dean’s soul with a branding of his own grace, but it wasn’t. It was creating Dean with his own design.
He knocks quietly on Claire’s door. All he can hear inside is her music playing. Dean waits until the music turns down just a bit, and Claire tentatively sighs out, “Come in.”
Cas smiles at them both. “We’ll walk you out.”
“Oh, shut up,” Dean mutters, embarrassed as he always gets. He glances at Cas shyly, barely lifting his head but looking at him through heavy lids and thick eyelashes, and he blushes when he sees Cas is already looking back. “Stop lookin’ at me like that.”
Horrified, he tries to move—to leave—anything to stop the darkness from invading the water and killing the fish, but the tide is stronger and faster and it swallows the fish and Castiel up in one large, shrouded breath.
Cas is a few steps behind understanding Claire on a good day, not well-versed enough in teenage-speak or humanity to know when Claire is being a shit on purpose or when she’s being genuine. And it’s complicated with Claire, who is so hot and cold with Cas in a way that even makes Dean’s head spin. Dean meant it, when he said Claire was adjusting, but it’s an adjustment for Cas, too. So before Claire can say anything else, Dean tells Cas, “We ain’t exactly typical friends, Cas.”
“What’s your excuse?”
Cas. “I cannot believe you,” Dean mutters, and Cas just laughs again, low and pleased. “Haven’t had breakfast yet. It’s
“Shit,” Dean breathes out.
Dean makes sure Cas is looking at him, like actually looking at him and not just staring through him, before he states, “Yeah, I would. If you wanted.”
Claire’s scowl deepens. “I don’t want to apologize to him.”
“So? We can talk about my brother turning our house into a farm at five in the morning but we can’t kiss a little?”
“Cas.”
But it doesn’t make sense. Angels don’t drown. Angels don’t
“Unless there’s something else around you’d like to name.”
“My brother,” Dean tells her honestly.
“Something I’m working on.” Cas says it like he’s explaining something to a little kid. Dean knows he’s doing it just to be a little shit.
He gets to the door before she stops him. Her voice barely carries through the quiet of the room, but she whispers, “Dad?” and Cas pauses where he is. “I love you.”
Cas makes an acknowledging sound, nodding his head like he gets it now, and Dean ducks his head to hide his smirk. It’s obvious that Cas doesn’t have a damn clue what Dean’s talking about, but he thinks that Cas is just content to sit and listen to Dean babble about whatever the fuck he wants to. Dean’s pretty sure they did this before, on some level, but they’ve been doing this a lot more recently. Especially after Dean told Cas to stop being an idiot and feeling guilty about following him around. It feels a bit different in a way Dean hasn’t really compartmentalized yet, either. He tells himself it’s just because this time it’s doing normal people shit instead of hunter’s shit. So, now, they’ll just sit with one another. Sometimes it’s quiet. Other times, Cas sits there patient and attentive as Dean explains whatever he’s doing.
“One a’ those I made special for you,” Ronnie tells him, pointing to the jar with a plaid fabric on top. Cas looks up at him in surprise. “I know you ain’t a fan of the spicy things, but that habanero honey will put a good kick in their step if that husband and daughter a’ yours try it. They told me last week they like a little heat.”
With a shrug, Bobby suggests, “This thing’s as powerful as all get-out. Maybe there’s nothing we could even offer it.”
Claire shifts suddenly, wrapping her arms around Cas and pulling him into a hug. Muffled by his hoodie, she says, “Thank you.”
And she rolls her eyes, at that. She lays her head back down on his shoulder.
them? I thought—”
Dean stands, too. His voice shakes with anger that doesn’t belong to him as he spits out, “If you’re gonna kick me out, just kick me out!”
Sam’s idea, in the beginning, and he’s not under this roof currently.”
That damned emotion bubbles up in his throat. He pulls Jack into a hug, holding him as tight as he can dare. “You stay safe too, okay?”
It ain’t much, but it feels good. Feels like someone caring for him. Dean can’t help but smile even as he puts his foot down on the pedal heavier and peels out of Colorado like he’s got the devil on his tails.
Cas can’t help but raise an eyebrow at that. “I don’t believe I qualify as most dads.”
Claire’s still asleep, so Cas suggests they let her rest a little bit longer and leave her alone. They stick her milkshake in the freezer and her food in the microwave and they leave the connecting door open so they can hear it if she gets up, then take their seats at the wobbly table next to the window. Cas dives into his burger like he hasn’t eaten in two months.
Cas rolls his eyes. “She’s fourteen. Teenager mood swings and cravings are unpredictable at best, worse in uncertain times. Claire may be my vessel’s biological offspring, but she is as unfamiliar to me as anyone else you’ve met on the road.”
“This isn’t just a story,” Dean adds. He gestures to the last living members of his family, scattered throughout the graveyard. “It’s our
He can tell that Cas wants to push it, in some obnoxious way that he’s always been able to tell with Cas, but the poor guy must decide it’s not worth the emotional gymnastics he’d have to go through to get Dean to talk, because he just offers Dean a small smile and says, “You’ll have to tell me what you’ve been up to for the last two months.”
“I’m just trying to rile you up,” Cas admits. He runs his hands up Dean’s chest and smirks when Dean shivers. “I suppose I don’t have to ask if it’s working.”
“Oh my god, can we?” Claire shouts. She joins them in the kitchen with round eyes. “That would be
this story is pretty much an ode to cj and clary!! a lot of details that got added to this story were because of them. they also enabled me to make this a series and its 1000% dedicated to them even tho it isn't written yet xoxo love u besties.
He meets his little brother at the door, because he always does, come rain or shine, and Castiel watches a few paces behind as Dean tugs Sam into a bone-crushing hug. It’s odd, Cas thinks, that someone as big as Sam can make himself seem so small.
Sam’s gaze darts between Dean and Jack, startled. And it sucks, seriously, that Sam doesn’t have a damn clue what they’re talking about, because it means they’ll have to lay everything out in detail and Dean is pretty sure he can’t handle exposing all his cards like that. Especially after it’s a hand Cas
“Well,” Theresa continues. There’s a thickness in her voice that makes Cas’s eyes start to water. “I’ll tell you what. I’m sure glad as hell he decided he likes us. And I’m real glad he thought about what he could do to take the business to the next level. So, since y’all are here, can you
If there is to be one certainty about the world—a world that Castiel watched form out of nothing, that turned into something, that grew and flooded and burned and still always survived—it is that death is designed to be final.
Dean sighs again. “If we fix it up and you still think it’s cool, we can move you up here.”
Turning back on his heel, Dean raises an eyebrow. “And me, what?”
Dean crosses the room in a few short strides. They both sigh in relief when Dean gets his hands on Cas, pulling him up for a brief, easy kiss. Cas clings to his shirt like he’s not really sure he can believe Dean is truly here.
“What, the worm?” Claire laughs.
Except, Cas surprises him by placing plates in front of him and Claire about five minutes later, full of sandwiches and chips. He still doesn’t say anything, but Cas drops a hand on Claire’s shoulder as he walks back to the counter to grab his own plate, and Claire pushes her homework aside to dig in.
“I believe it was you who vehemently insisted that we avoid chick flick moments,” Cas reminds him, and he does a shitty impression of Dean at the end.
Dean swallows. It's the most direct reference either of them has made to Dean's prayer since they stepped through the rift out of Purgatory and back into the bunker. He still can't believe he said some of what he said. He feels flayed and raw just thinking about it. Heat rises into his face and he downs his whiskey in one gulp. It was one thing to say it all in Purgatory without Cas directly in front of him, like confessions made under the dark protection of night, but quite another to sit here in the bunker, under the harsh kitchen lighting, so close he would have only to shift slightly for their legs to brush, and lay it out so openly.
“Your face said something.”
“Dealing with the ebb and flow of my grace had been more difficult than I’d anticipated,” Cas says. “I didn’t mean to take it out on you. I know it must be hard for you, too.”
“Hey, no pressure. It’d just be nice to see ya.”
“Well, it was really good to see you.” Dean pulls her into a hug. “Call me if you need any more poker tips.”
“I think so,” he says. His mind is racing now, sifting through memories or dreams for something he’s sure of. He shifts his shoulders again, searching for something—a twinge in the muscles, a pull of stitched up skin, any evidence of being stabbed by fucking rebar, because that has to leave a mark—but there’s nothing. He feels good as new aside from his nauseating hunger and the usual aches that come with being a middle-aged hunter.
So what he says is, "That's good enough for me."
“Are we interrupting?” Sam asks.
And so it's Cas who tilts forward first, closing that small gap and pressing their mouths together, hot and desperate. Dean can't believe it's happening. But that's Cas' stubble rasping against his own. Cas' tongue licking past his lips, into his mouth. Cas' hands scrabbling at his waist, trying to draw him impossibly closer. Dean opens to him and kisses him and kisses him until he remembers that he needs to breathe.
Dean does eventually drag himself out of bed, driven more by hunger and an emerging caffeine withdrawal headache than anything resembling courage. When he gets to the kitchen, Cas is sitting at the table with a cup of coffee and a bowl that contains the dregs of cereal milk.
Nothing had happened that night. They’d simply slept. Or Cas had slept, anyway, snoring gently while Dean held himself stiff as board, aching to rest his hand on Cas’s back, to tug him close and bury his nose in Cas’s hair the way he’s always wanted to. He hadn’t, of course. He’d contented himself with watching Cas sleep and told himself it was for the best when he drove away the next morning. And then, well, then Cas was an angel again. And Dean tried to tell himself that was for the best, too.
"I would've come back," Cas says. "And I would have told you first. If I was leaving."
“I’m just gonna—” he says, pointing at nowhere in particular. Then he whistles at Miracle and says, “Let’s go, boy.” Miracle takes one last longing look at Dean’s sandwich and leaps from the bed.
Dean opens the box and immediately starts laughing. Inside is a pale blue tie with a snowflake pattern and socks to match.
It sounds so horrifically needy that Dean wishes he could take the words back almost as soon as they leave his throat, except that then Cas' expression is softening into one of understanding.
Dean frowns and takes another bite. Now that he has a bit of food in his stomach, the events of the past couple days—week?—start to properly sink in and he has more questions. Like, “How did we get out of that one?”
He huffs. “That’s actually the closest we’ve gotten to...in weeks.”
Later—after a lazy day of cards and Christmas movies, after Eileen makes them model their new socks and ties, after turkey and potatoes and pie, after drinks that leave them pleasantly buzzed, after Dean has divested himself of the tie Cas insisted he wear so they could make use of both Christmas-themed sets—Dean and Cas have the kind of uninhibited, joyful sex that leaves them both laughing with elation.
“We haven’t…” he trails off and then moves his hands in the sign for having sex becuase of course he remembers that one.
"Good," Dean says, and takes a sip of his coffee while trying not to make it too obvious that he's scanning the bunker for Cas. He expected to see him by now, if not in the library with Sam, then in the kitchen. He takes another gulp of coffee, too big for how hot it still is, and it scalds all the way down. He tries not to choke on it, but ends up coughing wetly.
It’s much harder to tell himself that Cas could never want him when Cas is rumpled and tired and looking all too human. It’s even harder when Cas keeps giving him long looks and lets his hands linger a beat or two longer than is considered strictly platonic whenever he touches him. It’s much,
"Dean, I--" Cas cuts off and swallows. His hands twitch like he's about to move them, but changes his mind. He fixes Dean with a stare instead. One that's fierce and sincere and a little bit desperate around the edges. "I forgive you, too."
"Find anything?" Dean asks, already knowing the answer. They've been through every book in the bunker at least twice apiece, some of them more, and always come up with bupkis. Their one solution was to lock Chuck away like Amara.
Dean tries to come up with something to say that will rally him, something that doesn't sound hollow, but all he manages is, "Have you heard from Eileen?" and that has the opposite effect entirely.
