“Here’s your order,” Sonny said with an air of frost to her wide grin as she pushed a to-go box and cup toward her.
“Wanna go in?” Dean asked.
“Now he might tell someone,” Cas said, getting up from the couch, pacing.  “He is confused.”
Cas ruffled his hair, the pair laughing.  “Better?” Cas asked.
“So...she kicked you out?” Gabe guessed.
Dean squeezed Cas’ arm.  He did love Cas.  He should just...say it.  He laced his fingers with Cas’ remembering how amazing the sex had been tonight.  Cas had him pinned into a slow pace that drove him mad minute by minute.  It had felt different.  Deliberate. Intense.  And all the little things Cas had said that still made him want to rub his ass against him.
Dean sat on a kitchen chair.  “When are we going over to the Smiths?”
Bobby rolled his eyes.
Cas sighed, Sonny appearing again.  “Hi, Castiel!”
Sam drilled the final screw to mount the pegboard onto the long wall of the small shed at the back corner of their yard.  He was glad he had finally beaten Dean to a project and felt quite accomplished as he began putting pins in it to hang tools.  Being a home owner meant fixing your own problems, so he was actually excited to hang the tools he had gotten from Dean.  He pulled a rubber mallet from one of the boxes, hefting it into his hands.  This was an old tool.  The wooden handle was worn smooth and some stray scratches marred the wood.  It was his father’s.  Sam stared at it, remembering the stash of tools his father always carried in the trunk of their car.  This was one of them.  Dean must have saved some of the old tools as he added new ones to build the collection.  He was tempted to get rid of it, but his frugal side told him it was just a mallet.  He sighed, hanging the heavy thing on the board.  At some point, he’d be glad he kept it, he supposed.
Bobby nodded slowly.
Gabe rolled his eyes.  “I said, let’s flip this table over and have some lunch.  I’m starved!  And the Whittaker’s casserole is still warm and smells good.”
Dean licked his lips, standing up.  “You should taste it.  See if it’s blood.”
They stopped, looking at each other.  “Come home,” Castiel pleaded.  “And if you need anything, you come find me.  You told me the same thing once, a long time ago.  It works both ways.”
He slid his hand onto Cas’ thigh, feeling the heat of his skin through his suit pants.  Cas looked at him, grinning.
“Lady callers?” Cas repeated.
Dean and Cas, surprised, turned back to the adults expectantly.  Bobby leaned forward, talking quietly.  “I talked to Olivia an hour or so ago.  She said Naoki is in the hospital with similar ailments as Kat.”
“See!” Dean pointed.  “You gotta be careful winking those eyes!  I mean...they’re so blue.  And...long lashes.”  Oh, someone stop the babbling, he thought desperately.  “It’s like a super power.”
“No.  She was also not incontinent, and did not have a history of irritable bowel, depression, or even insomnia, which is what these types of medications are typically used for.”  He waited until she met his eyes again.  “She was taking it for no known listed medical reason.  While I am no doctor, it is my responsibility to understand the medications the patients under my care are taking.  I hope you understand my concern.”
Cas went up the back steps and through the house to the third floor, unlocking the door to his and Dean’s part of the house.  Dean used to be the early riser.  Since Kripke Manor had been in full swing, Cas had taken to early morning runs three to four days a week.  It kept him balanced physically and mentally.
Cas sighed heavily, sinking back into the swing.  “This last client was...”
“Mm, mango.  My favorite,” Dean winked.
“Good save!” Gabe yelled.  “We are SO kicking some Winchester ass today!”
“Now, that just can’t be true,” Madge scolded like a granny with an admonishing smile.
“So... how’d it go?”  Dean looked up at him as he scrubbed the bars of the grill.  It still baffled him at times that Dean cared at all about his insignificant self.  He could be hanging out with other kids his age.  Or a girlfriend.  But today had been a family day.  It was Fourth of July weekend.  Their moms both worked tomorrow on the fourth, so they had their annual cookout today.
“The old colonial with the blue porch, right?”
Dean groaned, stepping into Cas’ space, sighing when he wrapped an arm around his shoulders.  “We gotta get back over to the Carrigans before they move the jewels, if they haven’t already.”
Castiel’s insides were chaotic at best.  He nodded in awe.
Castiel took the pack, glancing at the bold titles and poorly photocopied pictures.
“Chill out,” Dean snapped back, redirecting him as he had intended to do.
They all agreed that would be perfect.
Startled, Dean’s attention snapped to Gabe.  “What?”
“Fucking winking,” Dean said three octaves higher than normal and under his breath as he made his way to the bathroom to get his things.
“Aye!  Easy Estrada!” Gabe laughed, tripping a bit and walking where he was directed.
Lightening flashed bright in the big windows as rain began drumming hard against the house.
“Casteel?” She said uncertainly.
“No.”
“How did things go with Jim Murphy?” Jody asked, sitting at the table.
“And your brothers are friends?” Ms. Dowling asked.
Castiel was glad to see Dean relax and be more like himself as the lunch progressed.  Bobby and Rufus joined the four of them, making it quite a comical meal.
Dean looked down at his hand.  “I’m just helping to de-sensitize you.”
“We miss her,” Zoe said quietly.  “Hope she gets better soon.”
“He usually does,” Dean defended calmly.
“Oh, I was.  Life is short, Joleen.  I think you should enjoy what you can.”
Sam chuckled.  “And for you?”
“Yeah, but,” Dean argued back.
“Hope you are a fan of pot roast,” Cas said, bumping Dean’s elbow with his and grinning.
“Be home before midnight!” Sam called next, making Dean want to strangle his brother.
Dean’s lips twitched.  “Same.  You were...damn...turning, bending over, washing like it...like it felt good.”
“Tell who?” Chip interrupted, smile growing.  “The police?  The mayor?  You’re sorely mistaken if you think anyone in this town is going to believe a bunch of transplants over me.  I grew up here!  I AM Charming Acres!”
“If you’re sure, fellas,” Justin grinned.
“I’ve known Melanie and Camille a good while,” Bobby said.  “I think it’s worth checking into.  See, there’s fake woo woo crap, and then there’s REAL woo woo crap.”
He (with Gabe’s back-up and support) told his mom everything except that he and Dean were a thing.  He didn’t have the heart to explain their secrecy.  Besides, it would have been a secret she would have to keep from Mary.  Gabe confessed his bi-curious phase and did admit to dating Sam.
Dean stared at Cas expectantly.  “Some people sleep better alone?”
Dammit.
Wayne nodded with a look of absolute certainty.  “I know.  No one wants to believe it, but it’s true!  Aliens.  They take you at night and sometimes the things they do are too much for a man to take.”
There were two bedrooms and an office, a cozy fireplace in the living room, and an eat-in kitchen that made Gabe want to cook.  Like...meals-that-you-sit-down-to-eat type cooking.
Castiel wiped himself clean again, Dean wiping his back.  Dean pitched the washcloth to the windowsill.
“What are ya doin’ here, Winchester?” Luc grinned, moving away from Castiel slightly.
“Sooo...you ever kissed a guy?”
Dean’s face lit up.  “Hey!  See, I’m not so bad to have around, am I?”
“Yeah,” Castiel panted.
“Let’s go get him,” Gabe said seriously.
“Look!  It’s the weirdest visitor yet!” Gabe grinned.
As Dean served tarts, Cas took the top file, beginning the long job of glancing through them for any mention of Tolteridine.
“We better go,” he said, nudging Gabe’s elbow with his.
“Nah.”  He took Cas’ hand in his, looking up at the stars.
“What the fuck?” Dean muttered.
“I feel like I need to take pictures!” Gabe grinned broadly.
“Soooo...deets?”
“I found you,” Dean said warm and rumbly, turning into Castiel’s cold nose, kissing him.  Castiel smiled up at the night sky, looking at the C Dean had claimed was the constellation Castiel.  It was actually the curl of Leo’s tail, but Dean didn’t need to know that.  It was easy enough to find, just below the ladle of the Big Dipper.  Regulus making it easy to find as it shone the brightest.
Maddie grinned and nodded, taking another big bite of ice cream, Fletcher eating away, unconcerned.
The screen door creaked and shut like a vice grip.  “Ready?” Gabe asked flatly.
“Nah,” Gabe laughed it off, heading back to the stairs.  “Hey, I gotta go check on Loki.  I’ll be at Bobby’s if ya need me.”  He gave Dean a quick wave, disappearing down the stairs.
“We got walkie talkies,” Rufus said, pulling three off of a base, handing one to Cas, Dean, and Bobby.  He picked up one for himself and shrugged at Gabe when he came up short, not giving him one.
“Ed left a knife on the table.  I’m gettin’ us outta here.”
“We’ll see ourselves out,” Sam smiled apologetically, bowing his head slightly as he began backing out of the kitchen.  Dean whacked Cas’ elbow lightly, prompting him to move.
Cas reached for Dean’s shirt, pulling him in for a kiss that lingered only a few sweet seconds.  “I was waiting for you, I guess.”
Dean nodded.
“She seems to not be a fan.  But he really isn’t relevant.”
“I’m not fine!” Dean yelled.  “Where the hell were you, Bobby?  They knocked us out -”
“I’d tell you two to get a room,” Gabe’s voice cut in, “but last time you actually left, so...how ‘bout you just save it for later!”
Sam nodded.  He started walking out of the bathroom but turned to look at Castiel again.
Dean’s brows jumped again.  He leaned closer whispering sternly, “You two are officially the WORST cops EVER.”
“Jackass,” Bobby muttered for not the first time.
Gabe snorted a laugh.  “I knew you would.”
Sam shrugged.  “Kinda sounds that way to me.  What better cover than stupidity.  Dumb like a fox, you might say.”
Gabe chuckled.  He did have a real soft spot for elderly people.  Even the grumpy ones.  “Who knew I’d dig chicks someday!”
So weird.
“Dean,” Sam said gently.  He shook his leg.
“Yeah,” they both answered, neither giving much away.
The next house was a red, wood-sided house with white wood trim that gave it a very German look.  “This is the Whittakers,” Cas said quietly.  And before they were past the first bush on the corner of the lot, nosy Nellie was coming out onto her porch with a watering can.  Her eyes darted down to their hands and she straightened a little taller, giving the notion of looking down her nose at them from up on her porch.  “Hello,” she called.
“Fletcher?” Sam asked, feeling extremely protective.
“This?” Dean took his hand.
Dean nodded.  “I’m in.  So we go fishing.  Give me some bait and a trap, I’ll haul in the truth.”
Melanie handed Cas a can of cat food and went to open the door.  “Hi, Zoe!”
Don gave a pained, guilty nod.  “Yes.”
“Am I being presumptuous?” Cas asked softly.
“And would you do that if you were hiding a dead body in your backyard?” Rufus demanded.
Sam rolled his eyes, letting them in.
Sam gave him a confused look.
“Dean,” Castiel panted.  “I want to touch you.”  Their eyes met, and Dean seemed to weigh the request for a moment.
He reached forward, pulling Dean’s shirt off, taking the time to feel his skin the whole way.  “So, if I’m in charge tonight, what kind of boundaries do you have?”
The nurse’s aide, the man that had whisked Goldy out of the dining hall, stopped next to him.  Gabe turned to him with a look of shock.
Dean stared at the article suspiciously.  He lay the paper down.  “It’s Lily Dale, Sam.  No one wants there to BE any problems, so they just make the problems disappear.”
“We found Mars!” Fletcher exclaimed.
“Really?” Dean said flatly.
A few turned to look at them.
Dean grinned, breathing easier.
The friends made Cas grin a bit.  Brady seemed a much better fit for her than her fiancé, Jake Talley.
Dean nodded, his leg shifting again slightly, some teasing comment lingering on his lips.
“I should go.  See ya tonight!” Castiel grabbed his backpack and headed for home.  He needed to breathe for starters.  That had been a lot to process.
“Knows what?” Cas asked again, eyes narrowed so hard he reminded Sam of a poorly acted detective on a low budget TV show.
“I have seen memes.  And I have seen Bad Boys,” Cas frowned.
“Have you met the Carrigans yet?” Olivia asked.
“She’s a product of hunters and werewolves who is homeless through no fault of her own,” Cas countered smoothly.
They were different now.  More so than before.  He wasn’t just ‘the older brother’ or ‘in the class ahead of them’.  He was an adult.  Graduated.  Castiel was still in high school.  It seemed a ravine they would never be on the same side of.
He was the last one to get a plate of hotdogs, chips, and potato salad.  They ended the meal with large wedges of watermelon.
“Yes.  Because he’s on the honor role.  And I begged them.”
“We can go on Monday,” Cas grinned.
“Of course, I worry.  Dickhead bastard faces.”
She sat back down with the swagger only a child growing up amongst hunters could carry.  “Car trouble.  Took a bus here.”
In the foyer, they found the staircase leading upstairs.  All three of them stared at a door under it.  It was wooden, matching the woodwork of the trim and banister.
“I can’t compete with these robots, Sam,” Gabe frowned, scooping mayonnaise into the bowl.
Sam got up, hugging Cas.  “I’m so glad!  We’re so glad!”
“Where?” Sam chuckled.
Gabe, on his feet, feeling protective of Cas, seemed equally as baffled by Chip.  “If you wanna add glitter to that glue you’re sniffin’, go ahead.  But don’t add your wack-a-doo on us.”
Cas chuckled, adding more sugar to his coffee, stirring it slowly.
Cas winked.
“I’m so sorry,” Sam half choked, stepping forward to hug her.  She felt so small in his arms, like most people did to him.  They stepped apart and she took a tissue from Camille, wiping her eyes and cheeks.
They all knew Charlie was gay.  She made no bones about it.  None of them had any issues with it, not even Dean.  But this was different.  For some stupid reason, guys had it a lot harder than girls did to be gay.  Or at least that’s how he felt in his own locked-off section of his brain.
The next five minutes passed in a flurry of clothes and gathering what they needed.
“And -”
Okay.  That explained nothing.  “The biker Barbie one has something all over her that kinda looks like blood.  Don’t suppose art camp ran late tonight and all the kiddies are supposed to go have dinner at the nearest bar?”
Cas swiped his phone off, tucking it into his pocket.  “Do you know what today is?”
“It smells so...nostalgic,” Cas admitted in disgusted horror.
***************************
“I smell grilling meat,” Dean said, heading toward a smoking grill (and a quiet shady place to sit, Sam suspected).
“Mm mm.” Cas wrinkled his nose.
Sam nodded, biting his lips together in thought.  “I’m so sorry for your loss.  Gary seemed like a very nice man.”
“I was,” Dean frowned.  “The party was...weird.  Definitely a weird night.”  He had a funny look on his face.
“Alright, Gabe,” Dean attempted to steer him away, “reel it in, buddy.”
“Oh dear,” she gasped, mouth forming a little O.
“Bet Lily Dale Lane has a birthday too!” He went on.
“It’ll never happen.  She’s too smart to end up with a waste like Doug.”
Dean kissed him again.  “So, is your mom ever going to unground you?”
“Thanks,” Sam said softly, both he and Sonny noticing as Jimmy from the Emporium walked in.  He was surlier than most Charming Acres residents, like Bobby and Rufus, he didn’t have that brightly colored, odd, uber-happy bedazzle.  But unlike Bobby and Rufus, there was something more sinister about him.
“Bobby,” Dean stated with a grin.
He leaned against the half-wall, amused at the tacky moons and stars, and watched Dean finish putting his things in the bathroom.  He tossed his empty bag into the closet and closed the door.  His body language had relaxed, and he seemed so much more comfortable as he was working.  But within seconds of being finished with his work, his nerves seemed to ramp up.
****************************************************
Dean looked at his watch, doing a little math.  “Like...”
“So...Cas needs a new place to crash.  Ms. Dowling is a bitch.  And the couch is fine, but...”
“We been on to you for some time.  Nice of you to admit to all your crimes for us.”
Cas grinned again.  “A little.”
Dean grinned, squeezing his hand.  Yeah, that was much better.
“Dean!” She smiled, wincing at the unsuspecting Dean on the other end.  “It’s Melanie Golden.”
*****************************************************************
Cas grinned up at him.  “Have a good day at work.”
“Now?  In the middle of the day?” Dean asked, not buying it.
“Brandy...no...wait.  Brunette?”
“Love you,” Cas said quietly.
Castiel pressed his mouth together.  He busied himself getting ready for work.  No need to get into this argument.  No one understood Luc like he did.
Gabe scowled.  “He IS a nice guy.”
“Ow!” Sam said, startled.  “Jerk!”
“What the hell?” Dean chuckled, hugging him back.  “You didn’t burn me that bad!”
“His band buddies.  They’re pretty good.  But they definitely drink too much.  And you know Chuck, he’s a bottle-chasing wanderer about six shots in.”
They all played hard in the water for a good two hours before the water started getting too crowded.  Dean had taken the opportunity to dunk Castiel, sliding along him.  Castiel shoved him away with a laugh.
“Look guys, we can still discuss a business deal.  This won’t affect the shopping center plans!”
“Something dog-like come knocking on your door recently, Squirrel?”
Dean jerked it out of reach, tossing it.  Castiel ran, knowing Gabe was closer to Sam.  He stopped abruptly, making Dean run right into him.
“These medications have an impact on brain cells by occupying its receptor molecules and can help people gain relief from symptoms of insomnia, irritable bowel syndrome, depression, and are sometimes used with Parkinson’s patients.”
Father Murphy got to his feet, pacing the kitchen area.  “I don’t know.  She knows everything.  Shit, she knew more than I did yesterday.  I have children!  She’s my daughter!  She’s been alone all this time, thinking she had a father that never cared!  And now that she knows about me and knows that I’M the one that killed her mother...” he fell into the chair again, shoulders drooping, hands shaking.  “What am I going to do?  She’s my daughter.”
Cas tried not to smile at his choice of words, but even Dean had to relent a bit with a sigh.  He leaned into Cas’ chest, letting him hug him.
“Melanie,” she whispered.
A curious look came over her face.  “You want in?”
Their hang-out was the Winchester’s basement.  It had painted cinderblock walls and dingy carpet.  It held two full couches.  An old coffee table was where most of them propped their feet.  A big TV sat at one end.  The furniture was considered indestructible for the most part.  The TV and video game system were the only thing of any value.
As Cas washed his abdomen, Dean chanced a glance at his face again.  He looked so damn happy!  Why wasn’t he mad?  Or upset?
They pulled into the carport.  “There he is,” Benny grinned.  “Where you been, man?”
Ellen smirked at Gabriel.  “The funny guy.  You were the one friendly with all the old folks.”
“I’ve been trying to tell people for years that THIS is the reason people go missing.  And in some cases, can’t survive the probings!”
“Awesome.  And how long will Ariel, Acid wash, and Manicorn be around?” Dean went on.
All his friends lived in apartments nearby, except Sam and Dean and himself.
“We’re goin’ down,” Dean said, pulling the lock out, opening the door.  He flipped the light switch up but got no light.  “Yay.”
Castiel gave Dean a shy smile.
Always.
He was more than fucking happy to supply.
“That sounds swell!” Justin waved, heading up Lily Dale Lane toward where it dead-ended at a big, fancy house.
“He’s in the foyer.”  Dean got to his feet, heading to the elevator.
Castiel finished his apple, tossing the core in his trashcan.  “Did you really mean what you said earlier?”  It came out so quiet he thought Gabe might not have heard him.  He kept his eyes on his own calendar, giving Gabe the option of ignoring him or privacy to think about an answer.
“I...” he stammered.  If anyone saw them, they were going to wonder what the hell Dean was doing.  Castiel could feel his whole-body tremble slightly.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded.  “You know if you ever need anything, Fletcher...anything at all, you just come over.  Okay?”
“Didn’t see you there!” He stammered, blushing as Sam started chuckling.
“You look great,” Castiel asserted, standing.  Friends could say that, right?
Cas grinned.  “I could be.  And I’m okay with that, but I would much prefer if someone were there.  If nothing more than to hold my hand and know that I was here.  That I lived.”
Donna stared at Chip with a little grin tugging at her mouth.  “I just wanted to take this moment to introduce myself.  Donna Hanscum.  FBI.”
Well...shit.
Dean turned onto his back, staring at the ceiling.
And there lay Dean, heart thumping, chest tight and heaving, dick as hard as granite.  He blinked at the ceiling and wondered what the hell was happening.  Why did he stop?  Why didn’t Cas want more?  If they stayed together, would Cas not want to have sex?  Why was there a thin crack along the white ceiling of Sam’s guest room?  He wished he hadn’t let go of Cas’ hand earlier.  At least that would have been a point of contact.  He rolled over, looking out the dark window.  He wanted Cas so bad he couldn’t shut his head up.  He waited until he had not heard Cas make a sound for some time, then snuck out of the room.
“I’m here to look at your phone, okay?”
“Well, there’s still a major problem with Chip covering crimes,” Gabe insisted, Bobby nodding.  “So, it would make sense if the two were involved.  Maybe Mahoney is cutting him in to keep it quiet.”
Cas backed off of the railing and leaned against the house next to Dean’s chair, stepping deep into the shadowed porch.  “Some lady just left that house,” he pointed across the street at a small, two-story, tan house, “crossed the street -”
“Hey, Cas.”  Dean grinned at him with that cocky smile that dug a pit into Castiel’s stomach.
“You didn’t miss anything Gabe, it’s starting to rain,” Sam said, looking back at him over the front seat.
“When?” Sam asked.
He wrung the cloth out, hanging it by his towel.  Gabriel was going to notice.  And there was no getting out of telling him what had happened.  He looked at the mark again.  A t-shirt probably wouldn’t cover it.
Two hours into the party, Balthazar found Cas again.  Dean was with Sam and two local foremen talking about how they were starting a new addition to the local hospital.  Cas had easily stepped out of the conversation as Balthazar asked him about how hosting the first prom had been.  They had walked over to a punch bowl to get another drink.  That was when Balthazar had taken a turn for the serious.
“Hi, Ed,” Sam called back.
“So, I think there really is something to the residents talking about missing jewelry.  There is more going on than Mahoney prescribing poor meds.”
“I think I can manage,” Dean smirked.
Sam sighed.  Dean had mentioned he had ordered a gift for him and Gabe.  A housewarming present.  “Thank you.  That’s my brother.”
“Oh, did you fix the drain in the bathroom sink?”
“I’m in some girl’s room.  She’s sleeping and ...I want to go home!”
Castiel had cleaned his locker out.  His backpack was full of crap that had accumulated all year.  There had been a lockdown at school today, lockers had been searched, and he figured he might as well clean it out.
Dean shook his head no.  “They’ll know more than that!  They’ll know everything about you.  How awesome you were.  Are!”
“You’re good with kids,” Luc grinned, handing him a bottle.
“I’m not gettin’ any younger.  Claire and the girls have their reasons for hunting, but they’re so young.  We need more hunters.  And you all have a real knack for investigating.”
“They got into Ed and Madge’s place.  We found the jewelry in the basement.”
“H-hello, Dean.”
“I thought so,” Gabe grinned.  “Why you holdin’ out on me, bro?  I tell you everything.”
“It’s a deal!” Gabe grinned, looking away pointedly and getting up for a shower, leaving the room.  “I know lots of people think you’re ‘so shy and cute’!”
“Yeah.  And the sums are even numbers.  $200, $300, $500.”
“I swear it’s amplifying,” Gabe countered, plastering on a grin as Justin and Cindy approached them.
“That’s Maggie’s friend, Sue.”  They kept walking as Sue gave Maggie a hug, Maggie ranting about something.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “He’s not throwing his life away.  He’s gonna get a fine.  If that.  If I remember correctly, he’s a pretty good lawyer.”
“I think you’re right.”  Gabe and Sam had always been close.  But then again, they had all been really close.  None of them had hang ups about sharing a couch or a bed.  They were always tackling or hanging on each other.  But they were all just really close.  Right?
“Come on, Cas!” Sam yelled from the water.  Castiel fought the nudging thickening in his shorts, giving his mom one last look.
“Sue is definitely a yeller.  That’s her daughter, Zoe.  She’s always hounding that poor kid about something or other.”
Castiel staggered a few steps after him before his footing returned to normal.  “You’re gonna pay for that,” he muttered as they weaved through the crowd.
“Bobby never painted it any prettier,” Dean warned, already defensive.  “All he ever said was it was a small town, and we’d like it.”
Dean huffed a laugh, pulling back.  “Well, I didn’t need to go overboard with it.  I guess.”
Fuck.
They went up the stairs and peeked into Sam’s master bedroom and bathroom.  “Sweet,” Dean marveled, a little awed that Sam had a freaking shower AND jacuzzi tub.  He looked at the closets and nodded as Sam bitched about the lack of outlets.
“Thank you for doing that,” Sam grinned, patting his shoulder.  “What do you want for dinner?  I was gonna make fish but figured you wouldn’t want that.”
Dean frowned at that, tying his shoes.  “Sucks that you can’t come though.”
Madge smiled like an adoring grandma.  “Why, sure!”
“Nothing.”
Castiel spent the next month working hard to earn as much money as he could.  Dean had taken to ignoring him and not hanging around them.  The first time he got a cold pass when it was just the two of them in the hallway, Castiel’s precarious hopes crumbled.  That was all it took to start a steady downward spiral that eventually turned into anger.  To hell with Dean and his wisdom.  He didn’t need the tutoring.  No matter how badly he craved it.  He went to Sam’s as often as he could, but avoiding Dean wasn’t always easy.  Making it look like he wasn’t avoiding Dean was even trickier.
Gabe bit his lip.  “I said I could represent myself.  It’s part of why he’s so pissed.  He’s freaking out about the whole process.”  Gabe scoffed.  “Like I’m incapable of being my own damn lawyer.”
“I’ll be your cell mate,” Cas grinned at him.
Dean stepped back with a wicked grin.
Cas could feel hot, wet cum burst inside him.  He moaned and trembled.  Dean slammed in again and pulled out, stroking his cock.  Cas felt warm cum slide down his back as Dean groaned again.  Dean smeared the cum over Cas’ back and pulled him up against him again, kissing his shoulder and neck.
“And she says you’re not a gentleman,” Dean said under his breath, walking in.
“Hey, Bobby,” Sam called.
Cas pulled his hands free, needing to hold him closer.  He turned, rolling them over again with Dean wrapped tightly in his arms.
“You look happy about that,” Castiel said, surprised a bit.
Ed’s cheerful grin dampened as he tucked the pipe in the corner of his mouth.  “I don’t know anything about that.  Madge did say that Nellie told her Naoki said the little tike is still unconscious at the hospital.  I bet it’s their well water.  See, their house and the two back Singer Lane still run on well water.  I told them all last fall they should have hooked up to city water.”  He chewed the tip of his pipe with the slightest bit of agitation showing as he looked across the street.  The dark look on his face switched back to pleasant as he turned toward them.  “Missed you boys at the bake sale last weekend.”
“Run!” Dean yelled.
Cas stepped out of the hug, grinning bashfully at the porch floor.  “Thank you, Sam.  I’m just feeling like...it’s time to be home.  And...” he glanced over his shoulder at the neighborhood, fully dark now, “I suppose this town is as good as any.”
Gabriel’s dad had moved out and never came back.  Not once.  Last year, his mom had officially adopted Gabe, making him Gabriel Novak instead of Gabriel Adler.  It was awesome for the most part.  And Gabe had calmed down considerably.  Besides easing up on the general prankster routine, he was a good son to Naomi.  And a good brother to Cas.  That, and he had hit puberty with his typical flair for the grandiose.  He always had a girlfriend.  Or two.  He was a tireless flirt.  And though his relationships didn’t seem to last long, he was generally a much happier guy than the jaded, mischievous boy that had first moved in with them.
Chapter 11:  The Mentalists Make a Plan
“He’s so cute!”  Castiel looked up at Luc, seeing a warm grin on his face.
“I’ll put it on my priority list for today,” Gabe amended, sweeping the pad of his thumb across Sam’s mouth, grinning when he bit it, like he always did.
“I’m so creeped out,” Gabe whispered.
Linda sighed.  “Sparkle is Maddie’s imaginary friend.”
“We gotta run,” Jody said, getting to her feet, Claire doing the same.  “We’ll be back for the wedding next month.”
There was an edge to Luc that made him really nervous.  He made a decision as he paced the tiny apartment, bouncing Jack, that what happened today was the last time he was letting anything like that happen with Luc.  He would be his friend.  He would help with Jack.  But he was never getting in that position again.  He didn’t like it.  And really, that’s what he had come here seeking.  An answer.  It just sucked that the answer to all his questions lately was no.
Dean nodded, his heart breaking for the man.
“No,” they both answered flatly.
“I’m eight and I’m going into third grade!”
Cas grinned.  “It’s Donna Hanscum!”
Sam smiled shyly down to the table before it turned more serious.  “Do you think the mayor is encouraging police to cover up serious crimes to make the town look better?”
“I think I’m going to be here for a while.”
“Right?  And get this, the obituary says he died of ‘heart complications’.”
“Did you get his number?” Sam asked.
C) There was another guy in a shady corner table chain smoking and watching all of them with a little too much interest.
“I’ll have one as well,” Cas stammered, handing her the bowl of macaroni salad.
“Feel good?”  Dean murmured.
“Really.” Gabe looked totally unconvinced.  “With who?”
“Hello, Mayor Harrington,” Cas greeted, shaking his hand.
Sam quirked his head, Dean licking his lips nervously.
Now what?
“Evening, Pops,” Dean said, forcing a small grin.
Sam wondered at the statement but didn’t ask.
“I couldn’t stop watching you in the shower.  Remember?  It had a glass wall.”
“Ugh,” Sam laughed, his head dropping back.
“He doesn’t know what to do,” Cas explained.  “He feels terribly responsible-“
“And, and, and some plants!” Dean yelled, trying to pull away from her.
“Why, in 100-degree weather, would you serve soup?” Gabe groused.
Castiel could still feel the trace of Dean on his lips, but his heart had gone cold.  “You’ll have to be careful you don’t do that in front of your girlfriend.”
Castiel weighed his options.  He tossed the ball, just missing the target.
Sam grinned, refilling Cas’ drink and Gabe’s before refreshing his own and picking up his cards for the next hand.  “I know all your tells, Dean.  It’s Cas that I can’t read for shit.”
Dean gasped urgently, eyes opening, his muscles squeezing Cas’ cock so hard.  “There!  Now!”
“This is good,” he grinned.
“Uhhh,” Gabe sighed, his head dropping back against the large carved bird behind him.  “It. Will. Be. Fine.”
“There they are!” Ed boasted.  “All the way from Texas, I hear!”
“Better?  It’s been pretty amazing so far.”
The car pulled to a stop at the small, run-down house.
“Great!” Sam snipped, tossing his hands up in frustration.
“We like it rough,” Gabe yelled.  Castiel smacked his chest playfully, making Gabe laugh.
Cas sat down at the small round table.  “It’s not like any safe house I’ve heard of either.  But it is safe.”
Castiel wilted slightly against the side of the car.  “I don’t know.  His dad would freak out if he caught us sneaking in with him.
“Every speck,” Dean assured.  “Replaced the liner of baby’s trunk and there is no evidence of -”
“I wasn’t gonna touch it!” Gabe whined, letting go of him.
“I LOVE Dr. Sexy!” Dean said, lighting up.  “Those fuckin’ boots!  Mm!”
“Nicky’s!”
“I believe Dean is right.  Your neighbors appear to be nocturnal,” Cas said.
“Yeah?” Cas asked, egging him on.
“You might regret it,” Dean added.
“What has you concerned about where we are going?” Cas asked patiently.
“Do you want us to bring it around back?” The man asked.
“Yeah,” Sully said with a happy, dreamy look.  “Sam’s awesome!  He’s going to make SUCH a good counselor at Charming High!”  His head nodded emphatically; in case his words weren’t expressive enough.
Thank you for all your guesses and excitement along the way!  This was a wild and quirky mystery that was insane to weave together and so fun at the same time!
Sam sighed.
She left and Cas leaned in again, sliding his shake to the side.  “You look angry.”
“Come on,” Donna said much more kindly.  Charlie hopped up, following her down the hall.
Sam’s shoulders relaxed.  “Right.”
“Right,” Gabe nodded.  “Who lives there now?”
“Heard you and Lisa broke up,” she practically purred, stepping closer to Dean.
“Oh, he knew.  I don’t count coming out to him.  He’s the one that told me I was a -”, Dean sucked his teeth in irritation of the bad memories.  “Well, he called me all kinds of shit.  There WAS no closet with John Winchester.  He just fucking told you how it was, why you sucked, and how worthless you were gonna be.”
“Yeah.  His heart exploded.”
Castiel, Sam, and Gabe stepped closer, Castiel putting his hand on Dean’s back.
Castiel tucked Gabe’s hair behind his ear.  “We warned you.”
“No, no.  There used to be a spa downtown.  Real swank place owned by Maggie Stark.  They closed it down after the accident.  Some kind of electrical surge when she was in a hair dryer.”
“I know!” She laughed, nodding big.  She turned to her parents.  “Mommy?  Can I go play?”
“Bout time!” Gabe said, pushing his way through the little crowd.  “Heard you wiped out a whole town!”
Dean put his hand on Castiel’s cock lightly.  It occurred to Castiel that Dean had probably never done this before either.  Yes, he’d had sex with girls.  But to the best of his knowledge, Dean had never been with a guy.
“Here,” Luc grinned.  He took the bottle, turning it upside down, putting it back in Castiel’s hand.  “Like this.”  He guided Castiel’s hand, so the bottle touched Jack’s mouth.  He pulled it back slightly, letting Jack settle for a second and then let him have it.  He tipped Castiel’s elbow up a little and angled the bottle for the best flow.
“Jesus,” Dean muttered, rolling his window down.  Jo whined, shoving the sweatshirt over her face even more.
Castiel rolled his eyes.  “I just wondered.”
“Yeah,” Sam frowned, leaning over Gabe to see him better.
Dean smirked.  “Let’s see if you got any game.”
Both hesitated, Sam stepping up first.  “It’s, uh...interesting.”
“No,” Castiel grinned, putting his arm around his brother’s waist.  “Not here.”
They swapped plates and Dean seemed pleased with the burgers.  And with his assistant too.  He was eager to please, holding exchanged platters again and putting the delicious smelling burgers on the table.  He returned to Dean like a magnet, Dean easily making use of him.  It was simple and mundane and a bit Lily Daleish, and it kept a grin on both their faces.
They exchanged a long look.  “What are we doing here?” Castiel asked quietly.  The suspense was either going to kill him or make him puke.
“I won’t drink,” Dean smirked, he fixed a piece of Castiel’s hair, letting his hand drop to his shoulder and run down his arm.
“Are you okay?” Melanie asked Camille.
The next house, in Castiel’s opinion, was the oddest house on the street.  The Carrigan’s.  It was a lovely, white, two-story home.  The windows were trimmed in black shutters and the front door had a stately appeal.  The house itself was not sinister by any means.  It was the Christmas decorations which adorned it in July that really threw him off.  The front pillars flanking the wreathed front door were wrapped in garland.  A nine-foot Santa, a train, a snowman, and a full-size real sleigh decorated the front yard.  And all of these lit up at night, along with the roof lines and bushes.  None of it was even tacky, per se.  It was just so oddly out of place in July.
“We keep people safe,” Bobby cut in.  “We save people.  We hunt things.  It’s an ugly business, but someone’s gotta do it.”
Sam huffed a half-hearted laugh.
“I’m fine,” Sam stated angrily.  “But I’m never going back there.  I didn’t even see him, and I just can’t take it anymore.  I don’t want Dean going back either.”
“I did not.  My burger was delicious,” Dean grinned.
A jaunty whistle could be heard suddenly from deeper in the house, nearing the reference room.  Gabe, Dean, and Garth walked in, Garth whistling happily.
Claire sat back, looking impressed.  Lee didn’t add anything but Cas suspected he was thinking the same.
“I should be able to help you out quite a bit,” Cas offered.
“Well, don’t call me Muffin.”
Cas took the platter.  “We would be happy to.”
Cas grinned, leaning on the doorframe and shoved one hand in his pocket.  He looked like he was IN a photo shoot.  His jeans were clean, new, stylish.  He wore a button-down rust-red shirt that was open to a charcoal t-shirt.  Hot-damn he looked good.
Sam nodded, making a note.
Sam nodded.
“You always were mouthy in the morning.”  Dean sat up, leaving Castiel flat on his back.
Gotta love that man for trying.
Cas’ grin grew as he walked the long room, stopping at Dean’s knees.  “How?  When did you do all this?”
The light went off then immediately came back on.
As Sam directed Chuck where to go, Castiel’s nerves mounted.  Sam had a lot of questions about his dad, few of which Castiel could answer.  “He said his leg was hurt.  And he seemed like he wanted to help him.  I thought maybe it would bring them closer.”
“We’ll save that for round two,” Dean countered.
She hesitated but got back in the car, driving away.  After the car had pulled out of the gate, he looked back at the number.  He looked at Buddy.  “I hope you called that right.”
Dean nodded.  “So, what’s the deal with Gary?  Nellie keeps saying she bet the wife did something to him.”
“Working.  Doing the dad thing.”  He pointed a thumb over his shoulder at the car seat.  Castiel could just make out a pair of little bare feet in the backward-facing car seat.
Dean knew he was in full bitchface now.  “I gotta talk to him.”
He propped up on one elbow, nose to nose with Dean.  “Unless you’re going to take credit for your handy work.  Sam already saw it.  Gabe’s gonna notice.”
Dean snorted.  “And...you still wanna marry me?”
“...were you...waiting for me to...make the first move?”
“Mahoney dopes their marks,” Cas adds, Mahoney shaking his head in denial.
“No,” Cas said dryly.  “Unless Balthazar calls them.  Which, is quite possible now that I think about it.”
Gabe’s easy nature and snarky humor were the answer to Sam’s magical chemistry of requirements.  The pair were so romantic and gone on each other that dating had been remarkably, and blessedly, smooth.  Sam had never had his heart broken.  Unless you counted the stack of travesties he endured as a kid.  If you counted those, it made no sense that Sam ever loved anything.  It was remarkable that he stood here in the kitchen, grinning, chatting, planning.  Gabe’s nickname for Sam summed it up quite accurately.  Sam was a fucking ray of sunshine.  Samshine.  And Dean considered it a much-owed win from the universe.  Sam had a big win coming.  And here he was, standing in it.  Love.  Life.  And a house of his very own.
“I know,” Melanie half chuckled, half laughed.  “I just feel so guilty.”
“We don’t interrupt when adults are speaking.  And we don’t talk about...that.”
Cas gave him an understanding grin, nodding.  “But she believes there is something going on!  Dean, this is huge!”
They put their tokens in the slot, waiting for the green light.  They shot as many bullseyes around the little gallery as they could within two minutes.
“That’s the plan,” Sam said slowly, looking less sure than he had five minutes ago.
“Yes, I am,” Cas whispered, his magically blue eyes sparkling down on him for just a brief minute.  Dean’s hopes skyrocketed and then Cas stood up, turning the lights out.
“And Kevin and Chuck are outside,” Gabe added.  “Is your piece of shit dad here?”  Gabe turned from the room, heading for John’s room.  “Where’d he go?” Gabe yelled.
“Sam and...”
Dean focused on the men standing around the little round grill.  Gary, empty plate in hand, Justin, spatula in hand, and Don Stark, arms crossed over his chest were politely arguing about something.  The burgers, ignored by all, were burning.
“Doubt it,” Benny laughed.
At the moment, they lay sprawled out on one of the cabanas that had the roof rolled back and tied off, giving them a huge view of the night’s sky.  The thick cushion of what was technically a bed made to be outside, was soft under their backs, and gave them a nice place to stretch out.
“Hey!” Several people called when he walked in.
Damn.
Sam shook his head.  Okay, so Charming Acres wasn’t perfect.  He didn’t need perfect.  Just...nice.  Nice would be nice.
Castiel grinned, his stomach easing.  “I am not in love.  It was...I don’t think I did a very good job.”
“I know,” Gabe answered easily, tucking hair behind Sam’s ear.  “It just means I’m not gonna get laid in front of our fireplace.  Because we have a fireplace.  In our living room that we share with no one.  In our own house.”
“Yyyyeah,” he said slowly, “um -”
Luc stepped back, sitting on the couch, watching him like a cat watching its prey.
“Well,” Madge said, joining them, “Fletcher is riding home with us?”
“Dean!” Fletcher interrupted, running up to the group as Cas joined them.  “You’re invited to the wedding!”
“No.”  The answer was much more subdued than he had expected.  “I’m sorry for what I did at the park.  I went too far.”
Dean nodded.  “I know.  I get it, Cas.  Let’s just...be careful.”
Sam put a calming hand on Gabe’s shoulder, glaring at Dean.  “Would you calm down?  They’re not sane.”
He rolled them, putting Dean on the bottom, where he preferred to be, and where Cas loved to put him.
Castiel stood up, stepping back from the car.  Luc gave him a wink before pulling away.
Castiel stroked slowly.  “What?”
Dean weighed the pros and cons.  He really wanted that body to not be a problem for his friend.  But Bobby was right.  The neighbors watched him like a hawk.  He wished Bobby had just told him, so he could keep Sam, Cas, and Gabe out of it, but since he’d come on the visit, the four of them had been pretty much inseparable.
Dean raised a brow at that, moving his look to Jody.  “Here that?  We’re sweet.”
“Charlie!” Cas gasped.
“Wayne Whittaker?” Cas asked, looking thoroughly confused.  “I can’t say I like the man, but he thinks aliens abduct people.  I had dismissed him as just another fluke of Charming Acres.”
“Weeeeell,” Chip said slowly, his stern jowls set as he stayed in the doorway, taking in the scene.
“We don’t mind,” Cindy said, looking just as blankly cheerful as if she were saying she didn’t mind picking up his mail.  Justin grinned just as surely.
Castiel fought a giggle from bursting out.  “Why wasn’t I doing this sooner?”
Castiel’s eyes grew big.  “I... I just need to get more comfortable with myself before I tell the others.”
“Thank you.”  He hugged him tight.
Castiel laughed at his brother.  “You’re so annoying!”
Sam shrugged again.  “I don’t know.  They’re good.  Like...really good.  And everyone was so weird about us getting them.  And Sonny is -“
“You tell everybody everything.”
“Maybe it was Sam,” Castiel added.
Cas, enthralled with Dean, pulled him in for a deeper kiss.  “You smell delicious,” he whispered as Dean’s mouth moved along his chin and down his neck.  “So good,” he whispered again.
“You’ll see,” Dean grinned.
Dean pulled back.  A huge purple bruise framed his right eye.  “What the hell are you doing here?”
“He came under duress.  Let’s be honest now, Balthazar,” Crowley interrupted.  He was standing off to the side, suit and smug glower per usual.
“Including your wife?” Sam asked, both Cas and Dean tried to curb their surprise, looking expectantly at Don again.  “Sorry, it’s just we heard you and your wife might be splitting up, right?” He looked at Dean for confirmation.
No, no he couldn’t.  And oh God.  His secret was out.  Dean knew.
“SHIT.”  Gabe paced quicker.
“That smells pretty good,” Cas commented as he covered the top of Sam’s baking dish with foil, enclosing a fragrant breakfast casserole of egg, sausage, cheese, onions, and peppers.  Dean wiped the last of the mess off the counter and dusted his hands off.  The day had flown by.  He and Cas had not stayed together all day, but they kept gravitating back to one another.
“No amount of ketchup is going to save those,” Cas said, earning a chuckle from Dean.  He stepped even closer, smelling fresh shampoo and a trace of beer from Dean.  “I overheard Olivia and Gary making plans to meet at the park across from Moonlight Diner tomorrow to have ‘their own little picnic’.”  He knew he was gossiping, but any excuse to lean this close to Dean was a thrill.  And the closer he got, the deeper Dean’s blush crept.  It was adorable.
Dean smirked, “It’s good you’re devastatingly handsome.  I don’t think you’d get away with half the shit you say if you weren’t.”
It was soft and quick and completely honest.  Castiel’s eyes opened as sparks rained down on either side of them.
“Why not?  We house hunters.” Sam offered, Cas nodding.
Gabe grinned.  If Sam was the sunshine of his life, this little boy was their little ray of light.  “And why aren’t you climbing on him?”
“Of course, he is!  He’s gonna be like his Pops!  We’re gonna rule the world together!”
Castiel waited, perching his chin on Dean’s shoulder again.
“Are you five?” Dean sniped, laughing.
Dean nodded, biting that damn bottom lip before letting it slide as his eyes lifted to meet his with brazen timidity that only Dean Winchester seemed to be able to capture.
“Hello,” Deb said.
Dean sat up, still in his lap.  “I know, Cas.  I trust you.  I don’t trust Balthazar.  I never did.  Now I just straight up hate the mother fucker.”
“Yes.  Wayne has a massive tea collection at work.  Fancy tea bags that he puts his own tea into.  He had several kits of them in his office.”
After only a few moments of heaven, Cas sat up, cupping his hand on Dean’s throat to feel his muscles working.  To feel how full his throat was.  “Come here, to me,” he whispered raggedly.
The meal passed as most Friday meals did.  Cas and Sam went downstairs to check on the wedding.  Bobby moved over to sit next to him with Benny in tow.  “We got the trim finished upstairs for ya,” Bobby said.
“But nothing, Dean.  We are ALL breaking laws here.  I promised Deb I would help her.”
Dean combats his nerves with whiskey.
She looked off to the side, frowning again.  “I really need to talk to him.  Face to face.”
Cas laughed, hugging him back then letting him go, wiping his cheek off.  “Good morning, Gabe!”
“Quit talking about it, so I quit thinking about it!” Gabe griped.
Naomi fell prey to Sam’s puppy-dog eyes just like they all did.  “Oh, Sam.”  She hugged him tight.  “I’m sorry.  It’s this school.  This neighborhood.”  She cupped his cheek in one hand.  “I know we have no idea what you all go through every day.  The little bits I hear sometimes make me want to cry.  Try to keep your temper under control.”
“Bingo,” Dean grinned.
“So...” Jody went on, “guess I can expect to see you ‘round for a while.”
“Yeah!  So when you come over, we can play!  No offense, but you look like you’re ready to ship off to Durmstrang Institute.”  Fletcher blinked at him owlishly.  “You don’t get to watch Harry Potter either?  Okay, that just...go change, buddy.”
“Haven’t we all,” Jody said softly, as if she didn’t mean to say it out loud.  Cas was giving her a concerned look with his head tipped in empathy, but the entire exchange with the sheriff left Dean wondering just what the hell was up with Crooks, South Dakota.
A loud, shrill whine alerted them to another firework blasting above them.
As the officers approached the Frieling’s front door, Cas and Sam stepped back inside.
Cas’ shoulders deflated.  “That’s true.”
Dinner was ready with a full table in the war room.  Dean would be so glad when his and Cas’ section of the house was done.  Sam and Gabe’s too.  Nothing beat the random drunk wedding guest wandering up to the war room during the reception.  It had happened multiple times.
Don nodded.  “There’s no need for concern.  It was a marital misunderstanding that will surely blow over soon.”
“Night,” Chuck said, heading toward a three story, old house three houses down from theirs.
“And we went for a ride.  We found a park and...we made out like teenagers, okay?  You’re as bad as nosy Nellie!”
“That’s MR. WINCHESTER, to you, dickwad,” Gabe snarled.
“Like, working?” Sam asked, wondering at the odd statement.
**************************************************
Cas chuckled low.  “Oh, I did.  I’m just saying...I think,” Dean raised his hand with ready aim, just before throwing it, Cas kissed the back of his neck.  “You cheat.”
“Yes, it seems like a pretty nice place.”  He picked up an apple from a fruit bowl on the counter, turning it in his hands.  “I start in a few days.”
*********************************************************
“God...I do need it.  I’m seeing flashing lights,” Dean winced, sliding the glasses back on.
Cas grinned, his head tilting with endearment as his fingertips smoothed through his hair and traced light lines over the shells of his ears.  He leaned in again kissing him gently, so pleased at the way he kissed back so eagerly, spurring him on to kiss more deeply.
Cas laughed; Dean was just as adorable as ever.  Now that he had relaxed, he was just as charming as he figured he would be.  “Don’t forget the rules!”
Flanked by Justin and Cindy Smith.
Dean’s brows jumped and he quirked his own naughty grin.  “Awesome!”
Cas frowned.  “I had forgotten.”
“I made you blush.”  I made you hard, he thought even louder.
“She left for college,” Sam said.  “She was trying to get Dean to see her before she left, but he wouldn’t go.  And she’s too prissy to come to Smitty.”
“What?” Justin rocked back with a look of amused shock on his face.  “No!  swat on the rear perhaps, but a boy’s gotta learn somehow!”
“And tell ‘em what ya did, Bobby,” Rufus snapped.  “Go on, this is the good part.”
Luc giggled.  “You’re so... sweet.  Maybe we can get this guy to sleep and... I can show you a few things.”
Chip.
Sam nodded solemnly.  Yeah, when he was a kid, he always told nosy teachers that his home was fine too.  Saying something was wrong led to questions, which led to people showing up at your door asking questions.  And that never went well.  He shoved a nasty memory aside and focused on Sully again.   “I’m gonna keep an eye out for him.  If I hear anything again, I’ll call it in.”
“What?” Castiel turned to him.
Towns have personalities.  Like people.  Some are high maintenance and busy, always on the go.  Some are old and rundown.  Others are new and vibrant.  Some are friendly, while others are suspicious and hard to get to know.  Neighborhoods work the same way.  Some are clean and formal, while others are worn and shabby.  Some are rows and rows of cookie-cutter houses that all look the same, while others are varied and eclectic.  And while a town or a neighborhood is merely a reflection of the people who fill it; a ‘feel’ is evident all the same.
“You gonna stay quiet?” Dean whispered.
He had better put Dean out of his thoughts again.  It only left Castiel sad when he really thought about it.  Knowing it was never to be.
“No, no, no,” Gabe fired, stepping between the two.  “I’m the one you-“
“Yeah!” He clapped.
“Butterflies?” Sam grinned wide.
Castiel sat on the edge of his bed.  He knew he looked worried.  “I kissed him.”
Castiel frowned.  “I don’t care what people think.  They’re going to think something anyway.  They always do.”
“Here we go,” Gabe sighed, getting out.
“Go get a shower and I’ll serve you until the sun comes up!” Ellen chided.
He bypassed Sam’s front door, heading along the side of the house, up the driveway and through the carport.
Sighing, they both sat on the sofa.  Their odds could be better.  Two with no gun to three fruitcakes and one gun.  Still, they might be alright.
“You fudgin’ touch me again and I’ll fudgin’ kill ya!”
“Dean,” Cas said soothingly, “he was complimenting you.”
“Gabriel Novak.”  Sam put both hands on his hips, frowning at him.
And stupid.
“I know,” Gabe sighed.  Darkness shaded the evening around them.
Cas served himself last, giving Dean an impressed little grin.  Dean was feeling warm and fuzzy until he took his first bite of roast.
“Well, that’s the question,” Gabe said, taking a screen shot of the exchange, moving out of the file to edit the picture, cropping and zooming to enlarge it.
Sam stepped onto his front porch, sipping a cup of coffee.  The paper boy tossed the Sunday paper onto his sidewalk, giving him a little wave as he pedaled further along Lily Dale Lane.  Sam glared back.  The kid was a grade higher than Fletcher and had bullied him on the playground at the beginning of the school year.
Gabe was shocked by the raw honesty, But Sam jumped right in.  “Does Chip often cover things up when they look too...messy?”
“Hi!”  Gabe stopped to kiss him, looking at all the food.  “This is awesome!”
“Yeah,” Castiel breathed out slow.
Dean grinned out at the road.  Either Sam had warned Cas and gave him every right move to make to win him over, or Cas was just fucking perfect.
Cas laughed just as hard as he did, until they both simmered into sighing, smiling, slumping stupors.
“Ahhh,” Dean said, “that makes sense.”
He glanced across the busy yard, seeing two men talking by the grill.  The kids were sitting in the grass listening raptly to whatever the hell Sully was talking about.  Dean was managing to socialize with Melanie and Camille, Bobby, and Rufus.  Dean always did manage to gravitate toward the grouchiest of people.  He wasn’t sure who looked grumpier though, Bobby or Rufus.
“In the library?” Dean smirked.
She left, taking Fletcher with her.
“Is the dryer done?” Cas asked calmly, easing Dean’s amped up nerves.
“Didn’t really look like someone storming away from catching their spouse with another lover,” Cas said quietly.
Dean’s smile disappeared.  “It isn’t ridiculous.  This is a nice house.  And the neighborhood is...friendly.”
“We did it,” Sam mumbled, lopsided grin matching his glazed eyes.  “I think we got all of them.”
Castiel had not noticed Benny sitting on the workbench at the back of the carport, drinking a soda.  He did not particularly like Benny.  Neither did Sam.  And Dean tended to act more like a jerk when Benny was around.
“I’m sure,” Sam nodded.
“The Starks are...the Starks.”
“He could do so much better than-“
“Affirmative, Deckhand.”
The door opened with a clunk against the wall.  Sam winced at the doorknob.  “I’ll have to put a doorstop on that.”
Castiel unlocked the door to room 24, one of only two ‘suites’ at The Moonlight Motel.  He flipped on the light and both eyebrows climbed as he looked around.
“I don’t give a shit how peaceful you are!” Dean yelled.  “And what the hell, Crowley?!”
“Guess who’s dating Sonny,” Dean smirked.
Gabe had better luck all around.  Mahoney had hours at his office downtown, affording Gabe longer in the doctor’s office. Under the guise of fixing the air conditioner register (for which he laid tools out and everything) he picked the lock to the file cabinets and hit pay-dirt.  He stuffed files into every crevice of his janitor’s cart and bagged a small stack to look like trash.
Gabe shook his head with a laugh.  “You have nothing to be sorry for.  I meant it when I said I was fine with never having children because BOTH should want children, not just one.  I really was okay with it.  Kinda like drinking water for the rest of your life is okay.  I could survive and still be happy.  But...” he took a shaky breath, fighting more damn tears from falling.  “Are you sure, Sam?”
The young lady looked like she was going to say no, but she surprised him by saying yes.
“No, you play, Cas,” Sam offered.  “I’ll go with him.”
Dean nodded.  He’d been transient for most of his life.  Settling down felt...huge.  As solid and heavy as the stone pillars that framed Sam and Gabe’s front porch.  He just wasn’t too sure yet if that was grounding or suffocating.  “Nice place.”
“The people love me!” Chip shrugged.  “I told them these deaths were all due to people’s hearts stopping.  That’s not a lie!”
Castiel turned around, still grinning at him.
Castiel swallowed nervously.
He gave the now-closed bathroom door a wistful look and headed out of the room and toward the stairs.  He made his way quickly through the house, Buddy at his side, down to the ground floor and to the back door.  He opened the door to a worried looking Brandy.
Castiel’s stomach heaved with butterflies at the sight of Dean in a fucking suit.  Shit.
It was time.
Dean caught the still shocked look on Brandy’s face.  Oh, he had forgotten his little game.  Oh well.  She blushed, looking down at her plate and Jody rolled her eyes.
“That was just me,” he smirked, loving the look of awe that dawned on her face.  “How many for you, Cas?”
Dean blinked.
“Sam is good for you.”
Castiel nodded, realizing he was stepping backwards from Dean stepping forwards, backing him into the side of the house.
Dean exchanged a grin with Sam, both of them finding the little guy endlessly adorable.  “Awesome.”  He got up to get a cup of coffee, stepping next to Sam at the stove.  “Cas said Mahoney was in early this morning and tried to get in with Fred several times.  He called Bobby and when Mahoney gave up, he decided he better get him out of there.”
“Two milkshakes?” Chip guessed.
Dean pulled away from the girl, heading around the car to cut him off.  “Hey, Cas.”
“I said, Dean asked if you would stop over before he leaves for graduation tonight.”
Gabe waved, watching him head toward the door.  He walked over to the kitchen window, looking out over the backyard.  Sometimes he forgot just how tough Sam’s job could be.  And he had a bit more respect for Sully, who seemed like such a goofball.  And Sam was right.  There didn’t seem to be a sexual bone in the little do-gooder’s body.  Gabe moved over to the platter, sniffing it curiously.  He peeled back the foil, tasting a nacho covered in marshmallow with rainbow sprinkles.  He chewed with uncertainty, not wanting to like it, but kinda liking it.
Cas shook his head.  “Without a lot of nursing services, Fred wouldn’t do well at home right now.  His dialysis and diabetes are difficult to manage.”
“You can’t be serious,” Sam’s confusion fell to a look of incredulity.
“Die?” Bobby finished for him.  “Yeah.  Died on the kitchen floor.”
Castiel hugged him tighter.  “We can talk about it tonight.  For now, no more...lube.”
“You got lucky.  Another millimeter and we woulda been having sex outside in the rain.”
Cas pulled the bowl toward himself.  “I remember your recipe.”
He laid down, Cas snuggling into him.  He could feel Cas’ smile against his shoulder, making him stare into the night in wonder.  Why did Cas put up with his stunted emotions?
The four exchanged looks, all eyes settling back on Bobby.
“Is that -”
“I asked him if his parents ever hit him,” Sam admitted tightly.
“Apparently so do a lot of our neighbors,” Gabe laughed.
Dean pulled back, one hand resting on the back of his neck with a few fingers swiping through his hairline.  “You know we’re family, right?  Like brothers.”
He rushed to her side, assessing her quickly as he took her pulse.  She did not appear to be having a stroke or seizure, but certainly did not seem fit to be sitting in a chair.  He hit the call button and pulled his cell phone from his pocket, alerting staff that there was a medical emergency.
“Gabe,” Sam groaned.
Maybe he left.  Maybe he found a real date.
“I’m not leaving him!” Sam snapped.  “I would never do that!”
“You guys had a tour scheduled at 1:00,” Ellen added.  “I did my best.  But I don’t quite have the charm you boys do.”
Back at the beach house, they sat on the porch, listening to the waves.
Dean sighed.  “I’m kinda freaking out about where we’re going.  Not the us thing.  The, the married thing.”
Wayne brimmed with anger, barely masked with politeness.  He spun on his heel and marched back down the hall.
“Cas!”
Sam nodded.  “We get the Sunset Fields case wrapped up, that might just bust Chip’s innocence scam wide open, and bam, we get Donna outta town.”
“Me either,” Castiel sighed.
Cindy blushed, her perfectly lip-sticked mouth showing perfect white teeth as it dropped for a second and she elbowed Justin with a wink.  “Oh you!  I’m Cindy!”
Castiel grinned harder, loving the level of comfort Dean seemed to have attained after just one kiss.
“That mower that came with the house is a piece of shit.  I doubt it will last the summer.  I got it running, but that carburetor needs replacing.”
Dean nodded with a cocky grin.  Yep.  They’d go out.  “On a date.”
Sam nodded, trying to comfort the man who was actually shaking in his high top sneakers.
“Dude,” Gabe chuckled.  “She’s so freaking nosy!”
“So... are you bi?  Or...” Dean pulled his hand away, letting Castiel get a full breath.
“So good,” Dean huffed, fighting upward suddenly to kiss him deeply.  Castiel moved again, bracing his hands around Dean’s shoulders to pull him in impossibly closer, grinding into him, then pistoning with short, deep drives, slow and then fast, slow and then fast.  Dean’s cock was sandwiched between their abdomens and he did his best to brush against it as he moved.
Cas spooned mashed potatoes onto his plate and handed him the gravy.
“It will!” Dean grinned.
“I had to...shoot her.  She was...she was tryin’ to kill me.”
“You did?” He purred.
Cas smirked.  “I don’t suppose you watch Dr. Sexy too?”
Gabe:  Mom knows everything.
“Yeah,” Melanie smiled easily.  “Camille and I have a booth set up too.”
Final chapter coming on Sunday!
“There they are!” Jody exclaimed, turning away from a table where Claire had joined Alex and Kaia.  She beamed a grin at all three of them.  “Heard that nest was huge!”
Gabe nodded, drinking his soda while Castiel put food away.  “What do you think mom will say?”
“I got the job,” Cas grinned, wishing he felt more enthusiastic about it.
“Come on,” Sam chuckled, taking him by the hand.  “Let’s go home.”
“Correct.”
They watched movies late into the night, sleeping in the basement as they often did.
“When I got up this morning, they were BOTH in my guest room, sleepin’ on a bed that was NOT there when I went to bed.”
Cas deflated somewhat, slouching against his friend’s shoulder.
They walked back to where their towels were, sitting down to settle for sodas from the cooler.
A little domestic life and even more odd neighborhood drama!
Castiel laughed a strangled, odd noise, stifling it as quick as possible.  “I’m game.”
Cas was the first to address the mood in the group.  “I need to get back to work, but I believe we should figure out if Wayne Whittaker is involved somehow.”
“Think again.”
“Aw.  And yes, you should have!  It was creeeeeepy!” Charlie laughed.
“What game are you in such a hurry to play?” Dean laughed, half running to keep up.
“I kissed you back!”
“I’m...gay.”
When he glanced back, Dean’s glass was on the table and he was pulling a chair out to sit down.  Cas turned back to his mixing, grinning.
The padlock sprung open with Dean’s prodding pin.  “Bingo.  Here we go.”
All three of them jumped back when Bobby’s face appeared quite suddenly in their faces on the outside of the window.
They got into the car and left Lily Dale Lane behind.
He worked quickly to assess her more thoroughly as the aide helped her get situated comfortably.
Shaking his head, Sam went on with his recap of the neighborhood.  “The lady next to us is Deb Frieling.”
He was proud of who he was.  And he was certain in the decisions he was making.  He had made his mistakes and learned from them.
Dean opened his eyes.  Two steady green windows to Cas’ entire world.  “You know I love you.  Only you.  There will never be anyone but you.”
“I can’t believe Bobby killed his dad.”
Cas’ eyes danced over Dean, his smile never slipping.  “Sure.  I’ll be on the porch with Gabe when you’re ready, Dean.”
“Fletcher swam without his floaties!” Zoe announced, the two girls turned to him, Maddie patting his shoulder.  While the girls looked to be eight or nine years old, Fletcher was younger.  Five, if he had to guess.
The chemistry between Sam and Gabe was quite evident now that he was paying attention to it.  What might have struck him as normal friendship stuff, looked a little more like flirting now.
Fuck.
“I know,” Cas grumbled.
“Ready when you are,” Cas sighed.
“I’m not sure.  Cindy works for Don.  She’s his assistant.”
He shut off the water to his shower and gasped again at how cold he was.  He snatched his towel from the rack and dried off, shivering as his annoyance grew.  He toweled off and wrapped it around his waist, grabbing a second towel to dry his hair.  He wrapped that one around         his head and went into his bedroom with irritation.  This wasn’t the first, or second, time he’d been frozen out of his own shower.  He flung his bedroom door open, wincing as the knob smacked the wall hard.  He really needed to put a doorstop on that wall.  He went to the other bathroom and pounded on the door, interrupting whoever was showering.
“Little rebel, are we?” Luc grinned.
************************************************
“Huh.  That’s good.”
“I’m trying to call Rufus to tell him ta watch the house for you from the outside, but he ain’t answerin’.  He’s probably on the shitter.  That’s where he is every other damn time I need him,” Bobby yelled from the cell phone.
Wayne shrugged again.  “Rumors.  I heard his heart was...well...that it wasn’t your average heart attack.”
“I’m sorry too.”  He hooked a finger into Dean’s belt loop and pulled him into his lap.  Dean still looked sullen.  Cas pushed his plate away, giving Dean room to put an elbow on the table.  As long as he willingly came into his arms, all was right with the world.  He ran a hand up and down Dean’s warm back.  He was wearing a t-shirt and jeans, no socks or shoes just yet.
Dean stepped a little closer to Bobby, Sam doing the same.  “So, you think Chip is dirty too?”
Castiel sighed softly, fighting down the nerves that were making him feel slightly nauseous.  “About being bi.”
Cas, putting sunglasses on, shrugged with an adorable smile.  “Conrad.”
Gabe laughed through another teasing mock.  “What do you mean I can’t come on your date with you?”
“That’s gotta be it!”
Her smile was wide, pinned in place with eyes wider than they should be.  “A nail?  I’m sure we have some!  Just let me ask Justin.”
Castiel went straight out the back door, knowing what awaited him.  Dean leaned up against his car.  He knew, because they had figured out a way to see each other.
“It is dirty,” Cas agreed, adding his paperwork to the pile.  “But we have too much to do.”
“I’m looking for Father Murphy.”
Melanie’s mouth gaped open.
“Goodnight, boys,” she smiled, closing her own bedroom door.
“I told you!” Cas laughed.
“Changed her oil for the first time, by myself, when I was seven.  I know this car inside and out.”  He chanced a glance at Cas again, stunned at how fucking good someone could look while they teased a finger across their bottom lip.
Dean turned onto a back road, hoping the thing wound around the world forever.  They drifted along, watching the weedy grass go by in the headlights.
Cas and Gabe stared at each other with matching tenacity.  If Cas raised much higher, he could wipe Gabe out completely.  Cas tossed two blue chips to the center.  “I call it.”  He laid down a pair of aces, a pair of threes, and a four.
She smiled with a nod.
“Hi, Garth,” Sam grinned, patting his shoulder.
Gabe grinned, moaning as he sat up.  “You are so smart.  Why didn’t I just listen to you?”  On his feet, twisting with a satisfying litany of pops as his spine adjusted back to normal, he yawned loud and followed Fletcher.  He stopped in the doorway to his bedroom, looking at the wood floor and pleasant windows.  He was sad this dream had not worked out the way they had wanted.  But even from where he stood, he could see the front of what had been the Carrigans house.  Every time he walked by Cindy and Justin’s house it loomed over all three of them.
Cas and Dean’s smiles fell.  “Ugh,” they both grumbled.
“I do,” Cas chuckled, unable to stop watching Dean’s mouth.
“I went on a date a few weeks ago.”
“What?” Dean scoffed, not particularly open to taking dating advice from his baby brother.
“Melanie, dear!” Madge waved.  “Come meet these nice gentlemen!”  She leaned toward Gabe.  “She’s a nice single woman.  Works too much.  She just needs a nice young man.”
Sam nodded.
Sam swatted his brother as the four pulled back from the railing.
She was not saying much, but he could tell that her mind was spinning.  Surely it had been a lot to take in.
“What’s up, Sammy?”
Castiel slipped his shorts on again and laid back in sheer exhaustion.  “Dean.”
“We’re getting to the bottom of it,” Sam declared.  “If I’m gonna live here, it’s not gonna be under the guise of a smiling old man washing away what’s really happening.”
“Wait...” Dean said slowly, shock giving him a semi-blank expression.  “We’re here on a job interview?”
Dean’s heavy footfalls came down the stairs before he entered the kitchen.  “We bought a bed,” he announced, like the older brother he was.  Dean tended to just buy Sam what he thought he needed.
“He’s got plenty of life now,” Sam laughed.  “Regular ladies’ man.”
Dean nodded with a small grin and headed out to his car.  How had he not heard the beast of a car pull up to begin with?  He waited on the next customer and turned his drawer over to Garth.
He dove in for a kiss that his entire body sang for.  He had never known he could love someone this hard.  He was inside Dean within minutes, shoving, sliding, rocking.  He planted a hand into the mattress, Dean anchoring himself by gripping his wrist.  He bucked his hips harder, harder, faster, tipping to meet Dean’s prostate, watching him gasp and squeeze his eyes shut in pleasure.  Dean began whining, a wanting croon that sped his pace and deepened his thrusts to give him what he wanted.
Gabe and Sam both chuckled at that.  “Yeah, they’re dating,” Sam confirmed.  “And he’s been ignoring me today too, Melanie, so...you can try again later, I guess.”
Gabe sighed.  He brought the walkie talkie to his mouth.  “This is Curbside.  We’re calling tonight a bust.  The Cunninghams are still watching TV.”
“Aw, what’sa matter, Crowley?  No one coming over to play?”
“Alright,” Dean relented.
Dean did not smile or frown or freak out or make fun of him.  He proceeded to tuck his shirt in, looking back at himself with no kind of acknowledgement at all.
“Oh -” Sam started to decline.
“Sorry,” Sam said.  “I was up all night, researching.  We have to figure out what’s going on around here.  Gabe said that whack-a-doo, Wayne Whittaker, thinks it was flying saucers, but this is serious!  People are dying!  I have dug through hours’ worth of the Stark’s business transactions.  It’s...daunting.”
They went into Sam and Gabe’s house, finding Gabe hard at work in the kitchen making macaroni salad.  “Hello, Gabe.”
Shocks and waves of sensation flooded him with every touch.  As the strokes repeated their pattern, the flood of electricity lessened.  His heart rate dropped to normal again.  He was mesmerized with Dean’s touch.  His heart rate climbed slower this time.  A heat and need began brewing deep inside him.  Castiel had a driving need to touch Dean back.  He put his arm back in his sleeve and rolled over.  Dean blinked up at him slowly, looking sleepy.
“Boy, that ain’t the half of it,” Bobby muttered.
Garth shook his head.  “I think you spent too long in the city.  Maggie and Don might fuss and fight, but they’d never kill anyone.”
Gabe sighed, his frown deepening enough that Sam was truly worried he was about to cry.
Dean grinned.  “I warned you.”
“It’s not,” Dean sighed.  “He’s a piece of shit whose lucky he still has two hands.”
Dean laughed.
Dean blushed.  “I figured you were watching.”
Bobby poured two fingers of the amber liquid in each glass, nudging one toward Dean.  Gabe handed out the rest, Rufus sitting back with a grin after a test sip.
“Noted,” Jody accepted.
***************************************
“Melanie’s grandma?” Cas asked, coming around the table to rub his back.
“Fucking bastard!” Gabe swore, laying his cards down.  One pair of eights.  “Nobody gets two pair on stud poker!”
Castiel frowned.  “I’m not subjecting Father Murphy to someone who is out for revenge.”
Wendy, who looked to be around 19 or 20, with red hair that he wasn’t sure was natural, full pink lips, and a coat with a warm looking white faux-fur collar, gave them a friendly wave.  “Hey.”
“Drives her all over the country to compete.  And stresses about every damn thing.  Fletcher...that kid’s parents died.  Cindy’s sister was his mom.  Cindy and Justin never wanted kids.  They kinda dressed him up and toted him around at first, but I rarely see ‘im with them anymore.”  He shrugged.
“Oleander,” Bobby muttered.
Gabe frowned at that.  “No way.”
“I thought you didn’t want any children,” he said slowly.  It had been one of the only things they had ever fought about.  It may be the only thing Gabriel had sacrificed in order to be with Sam.  Sam didn’t want kids.  He had no interest in repeating his father’s mistakes OR creating new ones.  He got enough interaction helping kids at work.  Gabe had almost called it quits.  He loved kids.  He always thought he’d have a pile of kids!  But...without Sam?  No.  So, he had given up on this part of his future.  So, for Sam to have said that, it was like dangling a carrot in front of a starving rabbit.
“I don’t give a shit, Joanna Beth!  You are not goin’.”
“And?”
Sam nodded.  “So…” he needed to know.
“He did.  I just didn’t know his date was you.”
Sam glared right back at the pair.  “You shoulda thought about that before you started killing nursing home patients.”
He stepped in further, Dean joining him, closing the door softly.  “This place is...”
“I can’t imagine it could be worse,” Cas said sincerely.
“I’m just finishing up my packing!” She called, heading into the kitchen, and quickly returning with the charging cord to her cell phone.  “Thank you SO much for helping me out!”
“The kid has a grandma at Sunset Fields.  Sheila Tate.”
Castiel laughed short.  “Yep.”
Sam’s brows raised in surprise.
Luc giggled.  “I love when you get all red.”
“I should go,” Fletcher said, hugging the sheets to his chest.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yelled.
“Feels so good.  Makes everything slick.  Smooth.  Glides so good.”
“Yes, I was,” Don said smoothly.
Gabe glanced at the others for help.
Gabe sat back, eyebrows lifting.
“If you want me to stop saying it, I will.  But it’s there anyway, whether I say it or not.  So, for now, I’ll say it for the both of us.”
“Tolteridine,” Cas said, the pair staring as if even more were being said than what Gabe could follow.
Rufus gave him a curt grin and little head nod.  “You’re just visiting, right?”
Crickets took up the silence that followed and Gabe relaxed deep into Sam’s side, listening to the rhythmic, tiny squeak, squeak, squeak of the gently rocking porch swing.
Dean rubbed at his forehead.  “So, Mahoney and Whittaker bring their gang of Stepford citizens to town, you make a plan for the strip mall, you start killing people for money, you get desperate for the land Bobby won’t sell ya, you poison people, you kill more people, and...now what?”
“No,” Cas grinned.  “Honestly, I find her rather fascinating.    I’ve never been inside what feels like the Saturday Evening Post before.  She made pot roast and spoke about rock-n-roll like it was risqué, which isn’t that odd, but all she listens to is 50’s rock!”
“No one DID anything to any of us,” Wayne explained as if Dean were simple.  “They have something we want.”
Dean tipped his head.  He knew he was a decent brother.  “Yeah...it’s just that...I promised myself when I was heading to Charming Acres that I would stay.  I’d stay with Sam and work something out.  No running.  No...ditching town.  Full commitment, ya know?”
“You don’t seem like it.  You’re back to being extra stiff and uptight like when we first met.”
She grinned, something akin to predatory, with her neat white teeth.  Her extended hand pointed to the badge on her uniform.  “Says ‘Sheriff’ on this badge, Mr. Whittaker.  So, I think I can.  And will.”
Dean pulled back, looking down at Castiel.  He could feel his lips slightly swollen and his breath racing.  His chest flooded with want.  Dean’s eyes tracked down his face to his mouth again and he kissed him again, no tongue, but all the passion of a romance novel.
Dean gave him a little wink before standing up straighter and stepping back from him.
Cas narrowed his eyes at her.  “No.”
“A crush,” Cas chuckled.  “I think you’re kinda young for dating,” he teased.
“Cas is a nurse,” Dean said proudly.  “He just got back from Japan.”
“What does Daddy Murphy have to say?” Gabe asked.
Lee glared at him.  “I’ve killed people for saying smarter things than that.  Dean.”
“Really well,” Cas grinned.  “I’m gonna grab a quick shower before I go get my things from the Dowling House.”  He left the room, Dean looking up at him with an uncertain grin.
“This is usually the part where somebody gets lucky.  But since we’re on practice mode...”
“We really shouldn’t judge.  We have no idea who these people are yet.”
The overlook was a known party spot off the old highway.  It overlooked town.   That was about all he knew about the place.
Dean swallowed, staring at him.
“Dean’s coming to have dinner at the Dowling House with me.”
“Fold,” Sam sighed, laying his mess of cards down.
“I got it,” she laughed, turning the call light off.  “Thank you, Gabe.”
******************************************************************
“Hurry up!  We’re all here and ready to go.  Except Gabe.”
“Okay,” he nodded, feeling a good bit better.
Mahoney’s gun was pointed at Bobby, putting the man squarely at a disadvantage, Wayne looking a little cockier about the tip in power.
“Oh yeah?” Cas grinned.  Their mouths were close enough.  If Dean got on his feet better, he could kiss him.  “Since you’re being so sweet, you get the couch.”
“Hi,” they said back, waving.
There was nowhere Dean felt more at home than behind the steering wheel of his baby.  And though Cas had been doing everything right, there was a level of comfort only the smell, sound, feel, and power of his Baby could bring.
Madge looked put-out as she headed for the door, but Wayne’s grip tightened on the gun and he looked nearer to losing his patience as his mouth pressed into a flat line.
Castiel bit his lip.   Yep.  This was a date of sorts.  There was no mistaking the look in Luc’s eyes.
“Huh.”  Was Cindy assisting Mr. Stark with too many things?  A dirty image of the two in an office flitted away as soon as he looked at Cindy.  Yeeesh.  He couldn’t imagine that eerie grin ever looking sexy.  And Justin had just gone to the Starks last night for something.
Buddy barked.
Cas looked up, grinning as Bobby walked into the room.  “You have no idea.”
Sam scoffed.
“You go look!” Dean scoffed.
“She’s the best wife EVER,” Dean snickered.
“Thanks, Charlie!” Gabe grinned.
“The freaking sheriff?” Dean asked, getting to his own feet.
“Fine!” Gabe sat back, looking a little flushed.
“There’s trouble,” Meg grinned.
Sam grinned.  “You know there’s no rush for you to move out, right?  I mean, you’re welcome to keep using the guest room.  Especially since you seem to not mind sharing it with my brother.”  Sam smirked up at him.
“So... what if I set you up on a date?” Gabe asked, tossing the sock back.
“I couldn’t leave Fred,” Bobby began explaining.  “Rufus finally showed up after a forty-five-minute shit.”
“Uhhh, it’s so fucking hot out there,” Dean said, going straight to the sink.
“My lawyer doesn’t wear suits to hang out with the fam at the Roadhouse.”
“Gabe!  It’s gonna be fine!”
Disappointment flooded Castiel’s face.
“We saved you seats,” Melanie added, taking the platter from Cas.  “It was Madge’s idea, but not all her ideas are so terrible.”
Castiel tried to relax his shoulders and give the man a reassuring smile.  “I am...not a fan,” Cas said, glancing at Dean guiltily as he had broken his promised silence.
“Why?  They driving you crazy?”
“So, what gives?” Gabe asked.  “You said you wanted to go see Bobby and Rufus?  What for?”
If It Smells Like a Wolf
“You mumble in your sleep,” Dean grinned.
Not like that.
Ms. Dowling blinked, still grinning.  “Right.  So...you met through them?”
“Hey,” she said, giving the group a look that a mother would give, one who knew you were up to something and just really didn’t want to know what it was right that moment.  “You got family visiting, Singer?”
“I don’t feel safe,” Dean proclaimed.
After a bit of research, Sam found out there were five members of Charming Acres police force.  Sheriff Donna Hanscum (who had moved to Charming Acres a whopping two months ago), Doug Kontos - a four-year veteran, two older cops, and a coroner.
Sam’s heart was near bursting with love and pride, blemished only slightly for not providing him an opportunity to parent sooner.  Gabriel was absolutely glowing and having so much fun.
Dean and Gabe exchanged a look.
Cas chuckled.  “I have no idea.  I do foresee us heading back to the motel.”
Sam came down the steps to join them and heard chattering voices coming up Lily Dale Lane.  He turned, all three of them seeing the group of neighborhood kids walking up the sidewalk.
Fletcher looked at him for a long moment, then at Dean, then at Weems.  “Okay.”
“You should definitely graduate.”
“Soooo...you bi-curious?  Or is this your first step out as an official gay citizen?”
“Thank you, Sonny!”  Nellie switched gears quickly, though a trace of nervous energy still lingered.  She slid a ten-dollar bill onto the counter and took the items, rushing out the door.
“Oh yeah?” Dean grinned, feeling his cheeks flush a little.
Castiel rubbed a nervous hand through the back of his hair.  Maybe Dean was just messing with him.  But he suspected it was more than that.  Maybe he just needed a reason.  A nudge.  If that were the case, he was glad to nudge.  He realized with a bolt of self-awareness that Dean was standing there staring at him.
“I just don’t want you ending up like Gary.  Or Carl.  Dying and no one believes it’s anything more than heart issues.”
Dean pointed at one of the photos on the wall, reading something on it.  “Don, take no prisoners. D Trump.  Ah, a Trumpster!”
“Yeah, Bobby and Rufus were losing their shit when I told them.  It’s really looking like they are moving jewels and money through the pawn shop.”
Dean grinned, kissing him.  “Quit bein’ sappy and come sleep with me.”
“Nah, I knew you were coming home soon.  So...” His face flushed immediately and his eyes danced away to anywhere other than Dean.
“Cas,” Dean said sharp, his eyes staying on Luc, “get in the car.”
“The...wall,” Dean pointed at the wall beside the bed.  “It’s glass.”
“Well...what about Cas?  Or Sam and Gabe?”
Sam slid his hands into his jean pockets.  “Kinda crazy, right?”
“Deb is on her porch,” Cas added.
Chapter 13:  A Very Fudged-up Neighborhood
Sam stumbled into the bathroom half asleep.
“So close,” Castiel said, his muscles trembling.
“What the hell happened?” Cas asked, hugging his overly happy brother again.
Sam couldn’t help feeling like the friendly note was laced with a hint of a scolding.
Rufus takes a poorly timed dump.
Melanie’s brow knit with some amusement.  “Next time I see you two, I’m sure you’ll both be much more Zen.”
“Was she one of the silver swans?” Sam asked, grinning through his hurt for him, knowing he had a special group of residents he called the silver swans.  He told stories about them all the time and had taken to buying them little things.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded.
“You’re a pain in the dick,” Gabe snapped at Chuck.  “You gotta quit getting so trashed you don’t know where the fuck you are or what you did.”
“Yep.  Gabe and Sam are stayin’ at the apartment to keep an ear out for Loki.  At least that was the plan.”
“Pastors who work for churches are often given a home.  A parsonage.  If The Roadhouse is the Mecca for hunters, these homes are like parsonages.”
“Looks like we’re the only losers not partying tonight,” Gabe grumbled.
“What?!  Dude.  No.”
Though Harrington’s was now called Sonny’s.  And Sonny seemed truly happy. But she still wore the same uniform and bright, cheerful smile, though Maddie assured him it was a real smile now, according to Sparkle.
When he was ten, his mom started dating Gabriel’s dad.  He and Gabriel were the same age.  There were lots of awkward ‘play dates’ Castiel had suffered through.  At the time, Gabriel was quite an asshole.  Always pranking him.  Always mocking him.  But in front of their parents, he was sweet as an angel.  Castiel could not keep up with the monster that was Gabriel.
“Castiel,” he introduced, stepping inside.  It was a beautiful old home.
Conflicted.  It seemed like he lived in a constant state of feeling conflicted.  He was tired of it.  He needed to pick a ground and stand on it.  Either tell Dean he had been wrong for kissing him like that or play his little game and see what else the older boy could teach him.
Dean gave him a little smirk.  Without warning, Dean steered him between two booths.
Castiel studied Luc’s profile for a few seconds.  “He’s fine with it.  Or he will be.  When Kevin tells him.”
Dean shook his head.  Only Gabriel could drive him so crazy.  “We were just dropping our gear off.”
Next to that, was a senior picture of Lisa.  “I thought you and Lisa broke up,” Castiel blurted.  He looked up at Dean and was startled at seeing him fully in a suit.  Their eyes met for the second time in the mirror, making Castiel’s breath catch.
Gabe read the date and Cas began flipping through charts.
Both women glared as all four of them took note of them.  Dean, smart-ass extraordinaire, waved with a cocky little grin.
Wayne Whittaker, neighbor and the administrator and boss of Sunset Fields, stood watching him with a subdued smile.  “There’s an issue with Ms. Golden’s phone not working.  Could you take a look at it?”
He got under the covers, chilly now from being outside, he wished he could feel Cas.  He would be so warm.  Before he could argue with himself any further on whether to reach over and touch him or not, Cas moved, his warm hand finding his.
“I told you to keep your new clothes clean!” Cindy Smith was yelling, eyes bulged and full of fury at her son, Fletcher, who stood in their yard, hand to his cheek, shaking and crying.  “Now look at you!”  She raised her hand and Sam took off toward her at a run.
“Marion’s room,” Gabe nodded, walking backward to reassure him with a smile.  “10:00.”
“How are you gonna go out if you’re this jumpy and shy?”  Dean squeezed his leg again.
“You sure you want that?” Dean whispered.  “Might be some...bumping.  Some...rubbing.”
“Nothing!  She acted like everything I said was...crazy!”
“Sparkle says you might never be fake because you have a really awesome husband.  But who knows?  You could be like Sonny.  Fun one day then...” her eyes followed Sonny as she grinned at Jimmy and Wayne, taking their orders, “that.”
“Yeah,” Sam grinned harder.  “It would definitely be a date.”
Castiel watched the pair dodging through the crowd until Sam caught him.  They tussled very lightly, then kept walking.  Gabe still had the snake and Sam had made no moves to take it back.
“Peanut brittle, anyone?” He asked, holding out a tin.
Donna nodded.  “Sounds like a swell lady.  Would ya describe her as combative or confused at times?”
Dean came down the steps, ending the call on his phone.  “Cas called.  He’s having Bobby take Fred home for the day.  Like a 24 hour visit or something like that.”  He stopped to sit at the table.  “Morning Fletcher.  Morning Weems.”
“Sorry,” she mumbled, stepping inside.  “I didn’t know where else to go.”
“So, you were going to kill Fred?” Sam butt in, not wanting anything about Bobby’s past to come out with a hallway full of law enforcement.
Mahoney grinned wickedly.
They listened as whatever Madge was saying was overruled and Bobby came into the living room with a shotgun, followed by Cas and Gabe.
“Sweet!” Dean smiled, eyeing the thing like it was made of gold.
“What’s his deal?” Sam asked, his frustration written all over his face.  “He’s in business with everybody.  And what he doesn’t own, the Starks do.”
“It’s more complicated than that.  She’s angry.  But I don’t think it’s revenge.”
Castiel closed his eyes.  The weight of Dean in his arm, the feel of his slick cock sliding through his hand, the way his own dick pressed hard against Dean’s ass...it all felt so good.  Soooo good.
Sam gasped again, looking scandalized.  “Sir!  You watch your mouth!”
“Who’s the grand-poo-bah?” Dean asked quietly.
“Uh, I think so,” Castiel answered.  Every word and every move felt huge.  And it wasn’t long before his bow-leg was pressed against his in relaxation.
Knowing Dean was staying close to family was the final straw.  Something about the trickling build of adoration and being around him these past few days had him thinking of Dean night and day since he’d arrived here.  And he suspected it would not take much of a push to get Dean past his shyness.  He also knew he needed to move carefully.  They were family.  And there was something very substantial to be gained, he suspected, if he and Dean could get on the same page.
Dean kissed him back, delayed, eyes moving a bit quicker.  “You wanna marry me?” He stifled a laugh.
“And...how’d you get into this?” Dean asked.
Dean nodded.
“You seemed fine!” Cas chuckled.
“Of course not,” Cas assured him as if he were silly.
“Your friend is lookin’ kinda trapped over there,” Bobby nodded toward Cas, who was standing by the grill listening to Gary Frieling, PJ Berman, and Justin Smith talk around the grill.  He had a slight scowl on his face as he watched Ms. Dowling pluck another tiny sandwich off of a tray and make her way over to Sam and Gabe, her hips swaying and a big, bright grin on her face.
“I love you,” he barely whispered.  “I know I can’t have you...but I do love you.”
Until next time! ;)
“Right?” Sam frowned.
“I’ve worked with him before.  Do you need to get in touch with him?”
Oh, sweet Jesus.  Castiel hugged him back.  They were closer in height than the last time he had hugged Dean.  He felt just as solid.  Just as good.
“Not so much.  Turns out their mother was a werewolf.  And Murphy was the one that killed her.  Brandy and her sister grew up without parents.”
Dean groaned.  “What kinda shindig are we talkin’ about?  I don’t own a suit.”
“Channel four,” Rufus said smugly.
“Hi, Dean!” Came Fletcher’s voice, making him wince again.
Well, that was enough for Castiel to lose all faith in this man.  If he idolized Donald Trump, then it was possible Don Stark was responsible for mass genocide.  Don must have caught his look because he smiled smoothly.  “Well, I certainly won’t be voting for the man again.”
“Sully said the coroner said Gary’s heart ‘exploded’.  Now the paper says cause of death was ‘heart issues’,” Sam asserted.
Dean turned around, his cup hovering over the table as if he was contemplating sitting down.
“You stayed when it would have been so much more comfortable to leave,” Cas assured him.  “You helped solve at least 7 murders.  If that is not taking care of your family, then I don’t know what is.”
“Nosy Nellie is dangerously close to toppling over the porch railing,” Dean said.
As Gabe shed his clothes and crawled into bed, Sam sat up with a start.  “What happened?”
Bobby sighed, rolling his window down.  Dean, sitting shotgun, expected Bobby to say, ‘Can I help you officer?’  Instead, he glared openly at the man.  “What do you want?”
“You on route 29?”
“He takes me deep sea fishing in a submarine,” she went on, making hand motions Cas thought he recalled seeing in Hairspray.
“Morning.”
“That is...” Cas said worriedly.
Castiel turned to look at him again.  Everything would be gone by morning, wouldn’t it?  But that was the game he had tempted fate to play.  Unless...
“We’ll be sure to find you around dinner time,” Cas noted, leaving her alone to deal with her dilemma.
“You were being bad everything!”  Dean gave Deb an apologetic grin.  “Watch Sam,” he insisted.
Castiel stepped out onto the porch, swallowing his nerves at the warm grin on Dean’s face.  He took the guitar from Dean’s hands with a shy grin.  He held a hand out and Dean took it.
“Garth,” Jody said firmly, “will be keeping a close eye on Bess.  And Brandy.  And I was hoping you and Dean would check in on them as well.”
“Oh great.  Here comes St. Nicotine,” Dean said under his breath, making Sam and Cas snicker.
He cleared his throat, taking Cas’ untouched beer and drinking half of it.  Cas merely raised one eyebrow.
“See,” Cas tipped his head, smiling even harder.  “You said ‘but’ and meant ‘oh no, he heard me? Now what do I do with my tough bad boy image?”
Castiel nodded.  “I’ll be careful.”
“Tons.”  He wished he was kidding.  But he wasn’t.  Sometimes Kripke Manor felt like a non-stop ride.  “Lee and Krissy are gonna be a little bit more permanent around here so Krissy can focus on school.”
He went up to his room, changing for his day as Kripke Manor host.  He showered and changed into a more suitable suit.
Castiel leaned forward, kissing him.  “I do.”
Dean rolled to his side, patting the bed.  “It’s probably not a good idea.”
Dean laughed, walking away.  Castiel’s head dropped onto his arms as he conjured pictures of roadkill to deflate his erection.
“No, no,” Gabe cut in.  “I am not being Curbside.  That’s a stupid nickname.  I’m gonna be....Thor.”
Gabe gave Sam a pouting lip and hopped onto his throne.
“You were so busy ogling your 9:00 that you left your 3:00 wide open!” Bobby said gruffly.
“Sam just texted,” Gabe said to the group.  “He and Fletcher walked Maddie home.  Now they’re playing Candyland in the kitchen.”
Sam was quite thankful to have two bathrooms in his house.  He never dreamed he’d have to fight for hot water though.  It had not crossed his mind that he and Gabe would be sharing their home with BOTH their brothers.
Castiel paused at the passenger side door, staring across the street.  Charlie waved, and Dean caught his eye.  Castiel waved back feeling sad by the sight.  Why couldn’t they just tell their friends?
Dean, catching it, got up, phone in hand.  “Have you seen this?” He sat next to Castiel, showing him a gif of a puppy that couldn’t run right.  The song with it made Castiel start to laugh.
“Murders make me cranky, apparently,” Gabe sighed.
Castiel nodded.  Was it natural to want to melt into him?  To push that phone away and kiss him?  Was it natural to dream about him at night?
Jimmy Tomorrow’s Emporium was shut down the same day the SWAT team had taken Ed, Madge, Justin, Cindy, Chip, Wayne, Nellie, and Mahoney away.  Jimmy went to prison and the store was gutted.  At the time, he and Gabe were wondering if Charming Acres was going to become the town he initially thought it had been.  Then Mr. Carpiak opened Broward County Mystery Spot in its stead.  The place gave him the creeps and that was that.  There was no salvaging their love for Charming Acres.
“It’s not a big deal.”
Dean laughed, turning away and adjusting his butt in the seat a little.
****************************
Dean snorted a laugh.  “Alright, Cas.  I’ll dump her.”
It took what felt like a mini lifetime, which was only a few heartbeats, before Dean realized what he had just done.  His grin stuttered as he turned to look at the porch, then Sam and Gabe.
No one said anything, but Dirk was bleeding from his nose.
Castiel could not imagine dealing with such issues.  He also could not imagine having a child and not being in control of whether he could have it or not.  “Is there anything you can do to keep him?” Castiel asked.
“And morals!” Ms. Dowling went on, sitting down.  “You have to have morals.”
“Yeah,” Dean snapped sarcastically.  “Got a question for you.”
Fletcher grinned, swinging his legs as he watched Fred eat happily.
“Looks like they forgot to arrest me,” Sam said quietly, watching the car pull away with Dean in the back seat.
I know you like my brother?  I know you think you were quiet?  I know I said being gay was fine but it’s not?  I know I don’t want to hang around you anymore?  Castiel’s mind raced.
Castiel and Sam started packing up all the beach gear for their early morning leave.
“Lee, always good to see you.”
“Bitch!” Dean snapped back, dodging a retaliatory swat.
***********************************************************
Silence fell as Sam paced a circle in the room.
“Before you go,” Sam interrupted, worry crinkling his brow, “do you know Fletcher Smith?”
“We are locally sourced by a dynamic, and you get a free affirmation with every meal!”
“The boss?” Dean asked.
“Anticholinergic medications block the effect of acetylcholine, an important brain chemical and neurotransmitter that becomes less plentiful as you age.”
“Ya don’t hear that from too many chicks, do ya now, Cassie?” Gabe laughed nervously.
“That is NOT what that meant,” Dean chuckled, shoving Cas, who easily fell onto his back giggling.  Dean shook his head at him.  He should be freaking out right now.  Mad, even.  Cas was teasing him and acting like this was so freaking easy!  But all he could do was turn and kiss him over and over until Cas’ giggles were gone and his mouth was too occupied for a smile.
“Just what?” He snapped.  “Forget about you?  That is not happening.”
“Yeah,” Dean grinned adorably.  “Together.”  He looked down at their cocks, lightly toying with both of them.  “I love you.”
“You got it!” She left the table again and Sam helped him get to a stool at the bar, right next to Fred.
Dean had to smile at that.  He put an arm around Cas.
“Don’t touch me,” Castiel snapped, shoving Dean’s arm away as he attempted to put it around him and walk him in another direction.
“So keep him here,” Sam suggested.
“I doubt that,” Cas said softly, putting a hand to his back as they turned to climb the steps to the porch.  He stepped inside when Cas opened the front door for him and was greeted by doo-whop music, a hardwood foyer with a sweeping staircase and what felt like miles of wallpaper with little flowers all over it.
“Love you more,” Dean answered as he always did.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “I don’t know why I let stuff get to me so bad sometimes.  But...thanks for noticing.  And thanks for...being my big brother.”
Dean’s hands slid away and he stepped back.  He didn’t look unhappy, but Castiel worried he had crossed a line.
“Damnit, Sam,” Castiel muttered.
“Alright,” Dean relented.
“Okay,” Castiel snapped, snatching Gabe’s phone to turn the video off.  Gabe snatched it back before he could erase it.
Dean sighed, Cas sitting back as Sonny approached, sat milkshakes down and parked a hand on her hip with a grin.  “Anything else?”
Mahoney snorted a derisive laugh.  “Whatever you think you know -”
“Broken heel,” Dean mused.  “Maybe she broke it while running away from something, because Maggie doesn’t put in mind of any Lance Armstrongs.”
Their hands still laced, he let his breathing come back to normal, syncing to Dean’s heartbeat.  He felt himself rise and lower slowly.  Felt Dean’s free hand running slow, steady fingertips down his back.
Cas nodded.  “Yeah, when I asked about a key, she asked why on Earth I would need one.”  They exchanged a look of shared confusion.
They sat quietly a moment.
Cas went into the bathroom, getting his things and the two exchanged a few quieter words Dean couldn’t hear as he rushed down the stairs to steal a few snacks.
Dean’s eyes came back to Cas quickly.  “Are you okay?”
“You comin’ to Bobby’s with us?” Dean asked.
Nothing.
Dean grinned.  “You got a hot date lined up?”
“Then I did make a difference!” Garth laughed.
“So, you liked it there?  Gabe likes it.”
Seeing another doorway, the three moved through the living room and into a family room.  The fireplace might as well have been fake.  He was sure it had never been used.  And the slightly more comfortable looking furniture still had a very dated, expensive look.
Castiel blushed furiously.  “I... there’s nothing wrong with it.”
Even Dean got chills.  Damn.
“I’m on it,” Gabe grumbled, tired of sitting in the dirt anyway.  He stumbled his way through the woods, his flashlight beam bouncing in every direction as he dragged his feet through the underbrush.
“Yep,” they both answered.
Several minutes of slow kissing and Dean opened his mouth, sliding his tongue along Castiel’s lip for entry.  Castiel opened, meeting his tongue with a bit more tact than he had before.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded.
“You’re a lousy date,” Castiel chuckled.
“Good.”
Bobby sighed.  “My wife.”  His eyes dropped to the porch, a faraway look sagging his shoulders.  “Karen.  She was bit.  Infected and turned into a zombie.”
A shaky moan escaped Castiel. Dean gripped harder and Castiel went from a moan to a needy growl.
Castiel settled back into the couch to watch.  This is what he needed.  Normal, everyday crap with his friends.  He heard voices from upstairs, coming down the steps.  To his surprise, Dean and Jo came in.  Jo usually hung out with them, but Dean did not just come hang out very often.
Castiel gave him a nervous grin.  “Is that who I am?”
“Very,” Cas answered darkly.
Castiel focused on Jack, watching him eat hungrily.  What was he going to do?   His brain seemed to stop working, caught quite frozen between running and going for it.
“Uh, a Pepsi.”  Castiel started to pull his wallet out.
Bobby nodded.  “What did Buddy have to say?”
Gabe laughed uproariously as Sam’s shock gave way only partially to a grin of amusement.
“That’s me,” Gabe shrugged.  “Cleaning up Charming Acres one neighborhood at a time.”
Dean pulled the bottle from his pocket, sitting it on Bobby’s desk with a solid clunk.  “You do what you want, but I plan on being sober for this conversation.”
She sniffled, nodding her head.  “I know.  But I wanted the best for both you boys.  And I just could never get any further than this.”
“Fine,” Dean said, picking up the glass of whiskey.  “But we’re gonna need a really good fucking plan.”
“No clue.  Doesn’t look like any Lipton I’ve ever seen,” Dean frowned.
He ran warm water and added a touch of soap.  He loved Dean Hot-As-Hell Winchester!
“Even though you were sleeping with him?” Dean asked, joining the insanely forwardness of Sam and Cas.
Castiel felt for the guy.  It was rare in Castiel’s life that a father wanted to be a good one.  Most of the dads he knew or knew about were so hands-off that it left a terrible taste in his mouth.  “Maybe when you graduate.  Do you have a job?  That would show you’re at least stable.”
“Hey there, handsome,” Gabe grinned up at him.
Gabe wanted to roll into a ball, or explode with joy.  He felt all over the map with emotions.
“Beer worthy?” Bobby asked, code for: was he someone Bobby would like.
“Sully is visiting,” Cas interpreted for the others.  “Deckhand and Vidal are out for now.”
“Looks that way,” Cas answered.
“Bet you’ve seen Philadelphia too,” Dean grinned tauntingly.
Castiel had learned months ago to not question too deeply the comings and goings of hunters.  If Jody was on board, that was enough for him.  “Very well.  I’ll pass her information on.”
“The first time I asked you about him, you gave me nothin’.  The second time, you agreed with us that he’s dirty.”
“Next one’s a bowling ball,” Castiel warned.
Feeling immensely relieved that he was safely away from Dr. Mahoney, he called the state department, reporting anonymously that drugs were being misused.  With all that behind him, he went to Gabe’s office, taking the master key so he could sneak into Whittaker’s office again and investigate the tea.
Cas:  How did the moms get involved?  Shit.  I’m sorry I wasn’t there to help.  I just needed some space.
Sam turned, leaning against the porch railing with two beach towels folded in his arms.  “Cas?  Can we talk for a minute?”
Dean tried his best to control his face as he chewed a bitter, dry sprout, earning a quiet chuckle from Cas.  He swirled the next one in gravy.  Better.  Or it could be it was just so salty he wanted to believe it was better.
The old wooden floors gleamed with a warm shine in their oasis.  They had chosen the wall color, the finishes, the drapes, the bedding, and every piece of furniture in their room.  They had plans to pick out kitchen details later today.  As much as Dean insisted he did not care about the decor, he did.  He nit-picked every detail as much as Cas did.
“Unorganized?” Dean laughed.  “Dude.”
She did not look good.  Cas wondered why people insisted on saying they were good when they were not.  He watched as she sat at the table, looking around the room suspiciously.
Gabe laughed.  He loved old people.  He just did.  “So get this, Marion.”  Gabe pulled up a chair, Marion leaning closer to listen carefully.  Her long blondish-grey hair was up in a messy bun and her eyes twinkled merrily.  She was wearing her usual crystal necklaces, bracelets of a variety of stones, and earrings with little fairies dangling from her ears.  “My brother went out with my husband’s brother last night.  Kind of a big deal, right?”
“Yep.”  He guzzled half the can, belching loudly.  “Soooo, it’s June 15th.  Know what that means?”
“Why?” Castiel asked faintly.
“Shut up, Gabriel,” Dean and Cas snapped, making him chuckle.
Sam had to physically fight a reaction to the blatant blindness his brother chose to have.  “Yeah.  You tried.”
“That works,” Dean said, staring at her suspiciously.
“Friggin’ suburbs, man,” Dean swore.
Castiel watched with detachment as his sparkler sputtered out, Dean’s only a second after.
“Alright Scooby-gang, let the mystery solving begin!” Gabe grinned.
Cas sat on the arm of the chair, watching Dean poke around the room.
“There’s gotta be some event this weekend,” Sam suggested.  “Preferably something the Whittaker’s are at too, so nosy Nellie isn’t watching.”
“Holy shit!  You shoulda taken more back-up!”
“That ass?  I’ll take you any damn place you wanna go.”
“None.  I’m still kinda freaked out.”
“That is a big nest,” Charlie said.
“Yeah.”  Sam’s look was dark.  But he knew Gabe was fully capable of understanding Sam.
“Dean,” Cas said gently.  “Let’s go in.  Before you fall asleep.”
“Alright,” Gabe soothed, stepping back in.  “Let’s get outta here.  Anything here you want?”
Dean shoved his hand in his pocket, pulling out a palm-size clear bottle of liquid.
“Shut up,” Bobby groused.
Dean nudged Cas’ elbow.  “You catching all this wolf shit?”
Later that evening, most of them re-congregating on the front porch, Sam looked up when he heard approaching footsteps.  He was a little surprised to see Bobby out taking a walk.
“Tell ya what,” Dean said, wanting to fix this somehow, “how ‘bout Sam stays here with you.  You two can play ball or something, and I’ll just put these sheets in our dryer.  It’ll only take twenty minutes tops.  Then you can get a good night’s sleep in a nice, dry bed.”
Dean strode forward more purposefully, grabbing Castiel by the wrist.  “That’s not -”
Castiel looked down at his phone shyly.  “They went to rescue Kevin from his mom.  Trying to get him over here for the night.”
Cas’ smile crept back.  “You gonna take me on a night tour of the quarter?”
Castiel dissolved into a fit of laughter.
“So...the wife was sick?” Bobby asked.
“Yeah.  You missed all the work.”
“Sure,” Mary shrugged with a grin.
“Maybe I am tired,” he said.  “Wake me up when we get there.”
Sam laughed.  “I promise the first chance we get; you’ll get your fireplace fantasy.”
*************************************************************
Marion shook her head.  “They’re taking advantage of you!”
“Well,” she grinned, “iron burns them.  Oh! And if you spill sugar.  Or salt.  No matter how mighty, they must stoop over to count each grain.”
Gabe:  Are you okay?
“Yep,” they muttered.
The bell rang and the pair gathered their things.  “Will you tell everyone I got a ride home?”
“Me too.”  Dean kissed him, deep and heavy, bumping them both roughly into the bedroom doorway.  “But those squinting, angry, laser-shooting eyes drive me crazy.”
Just ask him!  Just...do it!
And so, the night continued.  Sully went home after hanging out with Sam and Fletcher for half an hour in the kitchen.  Then the pair had set up the telescope on the deck.  Cas and Dean were MIA for 15 minutes (which Gabe knew damn well was enough time for the pair to have a quickie). Dean had been watching the neighbors sneak around for weeks, and seemed to find the perfect time to go missing briefly.  When the pair were back to their stations, Sam went in to put Fletcher to bed.  Rufus went home and must have gone to sleep or switched off his walkie, because he was no longer responding.  The night grew darker and the neighbors finally settled down, lights going out.  And now he couldn’t get Bobby to answer.
“But anyway, Deb and PJ are ‘giving it a go’.  You’ll meet PJ’s daughter, Maddie and her imaginary friend, Sparkle, soon enough.  Sparkle,” he paused to smile, he really was going to miss the neighborhood kids, “is part man, part unicorn.  Dean likes to call him a ‘manicorn’.  I’m sure Gertie will love her.  Them.  Great kid, really, just things are kind of a mess at home.”
Fred hooked a finger in Fletcher’s bowl, pulling it toward himself.  Fletcher, spoon in hand, looked at him with big eyes.  Fred met his look.  Sam and Bobby both started to get up when Fletcher grinned and handed the man his spoon.  “There ya go, Mr. Fred.”  Fred grinned, taking the bowl off the bar and down to his lap, took the spoon and took a bite.
Sam fished his key out of his pocket and handed it to Garth.  He was glad Garth had bought his and Gabe’s house.
Castiel shrugged.  He sat back as the waiter brought them coffee, smiling dreamily as he poured and walked away.  Maybe Dean was right.  There could be hashish in the food.  The guy was unflappably happy.
“Sam,” Dean panted,  “if you finish that sentence, I swear to God I’ll put Nair in your shampoo bottles for the next ten years.”
On the porch swing, Dean and Cas were snuggled together with a blanket around them.
“It’s got to be something!” Gabe said excitedly.  “We just found something!”
“Just work on loosening up, Cas.  It’ll all be a lot more fun if you can, ya know, breathe and enjoy it.”
Castiel laughed.  “Yes.  Of course.  I’m gonna help have everything ready when you get here.”
“Cassie,” Gabe said quietly, “you gotta cover for me tomorrow night.  I got a hot date.”
Wayne wasn’t looking anywhere in particular, much more interested in his phone call than anything going on around him.
Sam and Cas frowned at the absurd notion.
“You’re such a good boy,” Goldy said softly.
Dean was bound to move on with his life.  He already had a good job.  He might be breaking up with Lisa, but he never stayed single long.
“That won’t pay any bills,” Dean reasoned.  “No wonder the Starks aren’t involved.”
****************************************************
“I better go to bed,” Sam yawned.
This trip to the lake was unavoidable though.  A guy’s day trip to the lake was something he loved.  He was working the night shift alone at the Gas-N-Sip until they left in the morning.  Hopefully no one would begrudge him a nap while they were there.
Dean gasped, biting into a growl.
“If I’da had a grandma, I feel like this is what her room woulda looked like.”
Gabe pulled Sam into their bedroom, pulling the door closed.
Luc chuckled, his eyes moving to Dean, then back to him.  “I gotta go pick up diapers and head home.  You okay riding back with Dean?”
Bobby huffed a laugh.  “I been in for years.”
“Gabe,” Bobby said, reviewing for the good of the group, “you’re going to find out if there is any surveillance at Sunset Fields, footage of weird stuff going on, snoop through Mahoney’s office, and keep an eye on the residents.”
“Who?” Dean asked.
“You are helping this man get away with murder!”
Cas sat snuggly against Dean’s side at the table.  They were listening raptly as Charlie recounted a rather comical story about her and Dean taking Sam and his friend to an amusement park.  Dean had decided, in all his wisdom, that the day after he got his license, he was ready to drive 13 hours one-way to ride rollercoasters.
Gabe grinned up at the ceiling.  “Ya know you can tell me anything, right?”
“The pee-pee dance?  Dude’s little.  Sometimes they need reminded of such trivial things as stopping to pee.”
“Burger and fries,” Dean said flatly.  Cas ordered a chicken sandwich with a side salad.  Dean waited, one finger tapping steadily on the table.
Lined up with Dean’s body now, he rocked, kissing him, teasing him with open mouthed kisses that had Dean arching up to chase him.  He arched his back just right to leave room for Dean’s balls, yet press his cock between their abdomens.  Dean whined immediately, wrapping his arms around Cas’ torso, clawing his back just enough to make chills ripple along his skin, making him gasp between one kiss and the next.
Luc got Jack’s diaper changed and put him in a stroller.  Castiel helped him get it down the steps and they went for a long walk.
Sam, Cas, and Gabe nodded agreement at that.
Dean pat him on the back with a thud, heading for the empty seat between Cas and Charlie.  Brandy gave him a slightly flirtatious grin, which he had to grin back at.  She was across from him, between Garth and Jody.
Sam shook his head with a grin.  “You’re gettin’ too old to…”
Chapter 16:  Epilogue 2 - It’s Not Lily Dale, Sam
“Yeah.  It was pretty fast-paced.”
Castiel had to laugh.  He went to his next class, putting his head down as the teacher started a movie.  It had been Castiel’s experience that most tough kids from his neighborhood were only misunderstood.  Sure, they might get in more fights.  They might look a little rougher around the edges, but they were all just people with reasons for acting the way they did.
“I won’t,” Dean smirked.  “I’ve done this before, ya know.”
“Because Don Stark is part owner of the construction company that woulda run the plumbing lines.  And Chip owns the city water company.”
“Now, hold up,” Bobby said calmly.  “Gimme a minute and hear me out.  I think I got a plan.”
“I know,” Sam laughed, looking back at Gabe.
“Mine, you party animal!”
“Right, right,” Dean amended.  “Nineteen.”
“Yes, she is.  She’s headed for the back door, Hunter.”
“Like you’re awesome,” Sam supplied softly, knowing it to be true.  “Cas always asks about you when we talk.  He’d get the funniest tone when he asked about you and Aaron.  I could tell he hated the guy without ever meeting him.”
“Not here,” Gabe stated.  “You’re going ‘far away’, remember?”
They headed down to the Impala, sliding into the back seat, Dean and Cas already waiting in the front.  Dean’s car shone like a new penny, reflecting sunlight and leaves from the trees that crossed above the glossy finish of the long hood.  They all wore suits and looked like fine gentlemen.  In truth, they were all working angles to tear at the tightly sown, phony stories in Charming Acres, each of them working diligently to find out what stunk beneath the glimmer of the ‘supposedly wholesome’ town around them. And the car...well, he did not have the same love for the car that Dean did.  Dean saw it as their refuge.  The bright spot in their past.  Sam’s eyes lingered along the seams of the upholstery with disdain.  He’d slept here because they didn’t have a home.  He’d shivered in blankets, curled up in the very place his feet now barely fit.  He’d bled all over the back seat and then had to scrub it out himself because his dad had decked him from the driver’s seat, then bitched at him for bleeding.
“After dinner,” Garth said to Bess, “I can show you the lion that lives here.  Loki.  He’s such a sweetheart!”
“I lost communication with them half an hour ago.  They shoulda been back by now.  I can’t leave until Rufus gets here because Fred’s hangin’ out at my place today.”
“Language!” Madge hissed, pointing to a pottery style bowl on a shelf that had the phrase ‘swear jar’ painted on it.
Cas seemed to hum happily behind him, inching his body tight against Dean’s, lining them up so their feet were entwined.
“Cas,” Dean whispered.
“So, you want me to sneak into Mr. Whittaker’s office,” he clarified, Gabe and Rufus nodding.  “And what am I looking for?”
“Sure thing,” Gabe grinned, heading toward Goldy’s room, his neighbor Melanie’s grandmother.
Gabriel had three cuts from glass and a purplish bruise on his cheek from the book.
Sam nodded.  Okay, no invitation there.  And both of them looked like they might greet him with a shotgun if he came near it again.
“The guy spent half this school year in juvey.  He has a record.”
“Of course it does,” Dean grinned, holding a hand up for Cas to pull him to his feet.  “It’s Charming Acres.  They do weird-ass shit here like that.  Makes total sense,” he went on sarcastically.
Bobby smirked at him.  “No.  No one is getting into this mess any deeper than they already are.  I’m telling you all this because I moved back home to take care of business.  I was just gonna wait until Fred was too confused to care anymore, confess, and deal with the fallout.  But I can’t get these vultures off my back about selling this damn land.  And then...”
“Boys will be boys!  That’s what I always tell her,” he chuckled.  “She just blows a gasket every now and then!”  He smiled, nodding.
“Well...I mean...it has to be better than Charming Acres, right?”
“Is that you?” Dean asked, pointing at him.
“Looks like you do plenty of socializing for everyone,” Dean sniped.
Sam crossed the street slowly, going back to putting his new grill away.
***********************************************
Gabriel frowned.  “Alright, I know you require little sleep, but you’re awfully perky.”
“I locked the door.”
Castiel took a step, wanting away from the topic.  Dean grabbed his arm, pulling him back and turning him to face him.  A look of real concern had his usually smirking mouth tipped too serious.
Dean blushed immediately and let off the gas a bit, realizing he was already 20 miles over the speed limit.  He let his right-hand drop to his lap self-consciously, using driving as an excuse to not meet those eyes that were studying him so damn hard.
“Fine,” Dean huffed, flicking his eyes to Cas in frustration.
“Aw, that’s nice,” Sam said.
Dean nodded.  “You takin’ him home?”
“I do,” Charlie piped in.
“Dad was worried.”
**************************
“We’ve seen Brokeback Mountain,” Cindy added, nodding as if that were simultaneously naughty and open minded of them.
Castiel grinned up at him, never having been so cuddled up to someone like this before.  Dean looked down at him at the same time.  Their grins both faltered slightly, sliding into something shyer.
He laughed out loud to the empty room.  This could be so much fun.
This was something Cas heard a lot.  He didn’t feel special.  Not really.  “When my time comes, I don’t want to be alone.”
“Well, there seems ample material for making him suffer,” Cas said, eyes scanning the large, flat, perfectly manicured yard.
It could be someone driving by to look at the grounds.  People did that sometimes, dreaming about their wedding day.  But he suspected this was not the case.
Gabe frowned.  “No!  Well...I guess she did get confused sometimes.  Just recently though.  She got really upset in the dining hall one morning last week at breakfast.  Said I stole something.  But I swear I would never steal anything!  Not from her.  Or anyone!”
Gabe sighed.  “You sure?  Don’t forget the -”
Dean shrugged.  “I didn’t want to explain why.”
She shrugged.  “Just had a feeling!”  She spun and walked away, disappearing into the kitchen.
Dean chuckled.  “That doesn’t count.  And if I remember correctly, she kissed you.”
“Oh, I got this.”
“Oh yeah,” Sam bantered.  “Snows so much we couldn’t use our own lanes three weeks last winter, our closest neighbor (Bobby) has a safe room, and I buried that shapeshifter Charlie caught under the chicken coop in my yard last night.  Lebanon Road is the pinnacle of safe havens.”
“Yeah,” Dean whispered.  “Yeah, it was.”
“I’m gonna park you right on the edge of Singer Lane,” Bobby said, patting his shoulder.  “You’ll be my back-up and can watch the side of Lily Dale Cas and Dean won’t be able to see.”
“Cool beans,” Sully grinned nervously.
Dean took Cas’ bag, taking them both out to toss into the Impala.  His insides were jiggly with anticipation.  He couldn’t remember ever feeling quite like he did tonight.  This was more than scratching an itch.  More than ‘liking’ someone.  That would explain why he was being so friggin’ tongue-tied, right?  Because when it came to Castiel Novak, he couldn’t fuck this up.  He could NOT fuck this up.  Being around Cas this week had been about more than just the ramping lust twisting his gut.
The bearded man turned toward him.  “Hey.  Name’s Bobby.  Bobby Singer.  This here’s Rufus.”
Dean looked away, tossing his dead sparkler.  By the time he looked back, Castiel knew there was more than rain on his own cheeks.
They filed through the living room, following Sam back the hall to a tiny bedroom the two shared when they stayed here.  One bed was made and empty.  The other bed was messy and contained one passed out Dean.
Dean went into his typical growling about ‘breaking his fucking fingers’ and Cas had laughed it off.  After all, Cas was happily married.  Balthazar couldn’t possibly be serious.
Cas nods, staring the doctor down.  “I have copies of charts linking your drug of choice, Tolteridine, to a pattern of six residents from Sunset Fields that become confused on this med, get robbed, and die.”
Dressed, he flung the covers back and opened the window.  He disappeared and Castiel could only stare at the ceiling.
Sitting up, he quickly lubed his fingers and kissed Dean’s knee, making him grin.  As he held his gaze, he slid two fingers inside him easily.  He hummed his own happy noise as Dean breathed out steadily.  “Ooohh, you did do a VERY good job.”  He added a third, fluttering his fingers, delighting in the little pant it elicited.  He withdrew and angled himself quickly to push his own swollen dick inside him like a hand inside a well-loved glove.
Gabe shook his head, afraid to talk, afraid to move too much.  If he did, he might start freaking crying.
Dean let go of his hand, putting his arm around him.  Presumptuous?  The very thought of Cas trying to make plans for ‘them’ instead of just himself made Dean’s stomach wrap into a nervous bow.  He knew he was grinning, and Cas was looking at him now, his arm sliding around Dean’s back.
“Gonna fuck you like this every night, aren’t I?” Cas whispered, watching Dean’s jaw drop, eyes still squeezed shut.  “Every night.  Every morning.”
Castiel grinned.  “Where is he?”
“That’s good,” Dean said.  He did get a little ‘mmm’ and a grin when he held up the empty spoon.
“Same!”  Melanie went out the door and to her car in a rush.  Cas closed the door and the pair looked around themselves curiously.
“Want me to go anywhere in particular?” Dean asked softly, tipping his head so his cheek brushed Cas’ hair.
Both men nodded and Sam made his way back to Gabe.  Cindy had arrived with a tray of martinis and Sam took one of those too.
“Well, I suppose he kissed me.”  Cas smirked.  “Twice.”
“But -“
They passed the Frieling’s house.  It was similar to Sam’s, but with tan siding.  He noticed the address number on the mailbox.  “Why is the Frieling’s address 8.8, but yours is 1-15?  What’s with the periods and dashes?” Castiel asked.
He lost the ability to keep up with Dean’s tongue, both parting mouths to look down at Dean’s hand.
“Dude!” Sam came at him with a look of worry.  “Are you okay?  Is this too soon?  I mean if you aren’t over Aaron yet -”
“Charlie chewed Dean out pretty good.  The more he explained what you and he had been doing, the more she yelled.  She thinks Dean took advantage of you.”
Gabe snorted a laugh.  “No, Cassie.”
“Funny.  They’re not mine.  Fletcher was out in his yard trying to hang them out to dry.  He says his parents are too drunk to notice and ‘mommy gets mad’, so...”
Sam smiled, finding Dean’s new predicament well deserved.  “Have fun.  It’s supposed to be blazing hot this weekend.”
“Mm,” Gabe grinned, lollipop stick tweaking up and down between his lips.  “I’m in, raise you ten dollars.”
“We’re good.  Just chillin’ in our nice, air-conditioned room.”
He tossed the bottle onto his towel and ran for the water, hoping the cold waves would settle his little problem.
“Yeah.  I knew it felt right.”
“Does she like being a grandma?”
“Mahoney, the Smiths, AND the Whittakers.  Oh, yeah, I checked on the Whittakers account too.  And Chip.”
Without another word, he headed for his truck.
“Dean, you wanna check the basement?  See what we have here?”
Cas chuckled again.  “So, you want a place outside of town?”
She grinned, shrugging a shoulder.  “I didn’t always work for Sam and Dean.  Let’s just say...my skill set didn’t start with electrical work.”
“No,” Cas said breezily, turning off his lamp.  He turned toward Dean like he did every night and smiled.
“Hey, Garth, how’s it hangin’?” Dean said, stepping back and closer to Cas.
Dean sat down on the bed looking exhausted.  “After what happened on the Fourth of July, I... I just couldn’t...”
Friday evening flew by, the group taking Fletcher to the park to teach him how to play soccer, which turned into playground mayhem with a game of tag that had them all worn out.
Dean gasped, not wanting his nail ripped out.  “Jewels!”
Cas hugged him back tight.  “I’m glad you hit him,” Cas admitted.
Past the overlook, they wound through the thick woods, finally arriving at the lake.  Before they got there, Castiel withdrew his hand and sat up.  There was no way he was tired.
“We’ll fix that,” Gabe said quickly, pulling out another shirt and pair of jeans.  This shirt had a dinosaur on it.
“Well. Lookie what we have here.”
“Oh, hi, Cindy,” Don grinned, easing into a real grin for the first time.  Cas had forgotten that Cindy was Don’s personal assistant.  “These gentlemen are here with some interest in our shopping center project.”
“I mean...I messed it all up.  I didn’t know it was coming and then when I did, I kinda...pulled back.”
Gabe peered through what trees separated them from the Carrigan’s yard.  “They are STILL watching TV!  Is there a run of Christmas movies playing?  I thought old people went to bed early!”
Castiel couldn’t imagine what Wayne had done to lead Marion to these assumptions, but he listened to her, nonetheless.  His phone buzzed and he opened a text from Dean.
***************************
“Harvelle’s is a restaurant,” Dean defended.
Pressed up against the wall, Castiel was not as caught off guard as he would have been yesterday.  His breath still caught, and his eyes still went wide as Dean stepped up against him.  “You look pretty good throwing balls,” Dean growled in his ear as one hand landed on his dick with precision so accurate it made Castiel gasp.  Dean kissed him hard, swiping his tongue as Castiel’s head hit the building with a thud.  The kiss was intense, and the grip Dean had on his cock had him unhinged in an instant.
“Flirt Sambo.  It’s called flirting.  Ya know, you look ‘em in the eyes with a grin...you reach over and touch their arm.” Gabe ran a hand down Chuck’s arm, since he couldn’t reach Sam.  Chuck gave him a quizzical look.  “You tell ‘em how pretty they are.  You look really nice in that shirt, Chuck.”
Cas slammed as hard as he could, aiming the best he could, watching his love cry out, jack himself a handful of times and come so hard his mouth froze in silent cry only to burst into gasps and moans.
“I’m...” Sam turned to look at Garth.  “What are you hearing?”
“Damn!” Dean laughed.
Dean stared at him.  “It’s just that simple?”
Cas let several feet of distance grow between the pairs.  He squeezed Dean’s hand and gave him a side grin.  “I like take-charge-Dean.”
“He was at the hospital twice last week to check on Naoki and Kat,” Dean added, watching both men carefully.
“I’ll, uh, put this in the fridge,” Olivia said, blushing fiercely.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Dean snapped.
Castiel pictured himself at a pool party.  Sun shining, swimsuits and swim trunks with giggly girls and guys trying to show off.  No thanks.  He preferred the sanctuary of Sam’s basement.  Or his own room.
Chapter 4   Circling Wolves
Sam grinned anyway, getting the cap from the catch to put into the trash bag.  “I know you think this is ridiculous.”
Dean scoffed.  “I’m not a total asshole.  I’ll wait until next week.  Unless she dumps me first.  There’s no way we’d make it anyway.”
LOVE!
Dean had to grin at that.  “Sounds good.”
Castiel woke an hour later.  Gabe was curled up with a leg thrown over him with Sam spooning him from behind.
Luc pointed to the couch.  There, sleeping on a blanket, was the tiny bundle.  Castiel drew closer with a growing grin.   “He’s got blonde hair, like you,” Castiel whispered.
Dean grinned.  “Good idea.  Cause you’re jumpy as hell.”
“Fairies are real?” Sam said disbelievingly.
Fletcher giggled, sitting up.  “You don’t got a bed.”
“She did.  I know.  We’re grasping at straws here,” Cas admitted, shaking his head, Bobby nodding in understanding.
Dean put his arm around Castiel’s shoulders and his other hand slid to the back of his head.  His eyes barely closed before their lips met.
“Oh shit,” Dean said faintly, his knees bending slightly.
******************************************************************
When Gabe’s car started, Sam’s eyebrows raised in excitement.
“We gotta go,” Bobby interrupted.  “Otherwise, the jewels and tea could be gone.”
“Thank you,” all four of them said.
“Sign?” Balthazar asked, looking worried.
With their bags slung into the back seat, he shut the door.  He turned back to the house, taking a deep breath.
Cas shrugged, grinning all the harder.  “Sounds perfect.”
Dean came back to his mouth quickly, sealing it closed with his own.  He pulled back, grinning, eyes sparkling in the moonlight.  “Shhh.”
Cas thought back on the day fondly.  “That was my impression as well.  But that last twenty minutes before the ceremony, Gabe nearly paced a hole in the rug.”
“Kinda problematic, actually,” Cas agreed.
“Seriously?  What is with that song and the two of you?” Dean laughed.
Cas got in, Dean turning the engine on and cranking up the heat as he rubbed his hands together.  “Like...I don’t want dogs.  I’m not really a dog person.”
Hope you are all well!  Thanks to all of you for joining me on this nutty adventure!  <3
Dean chuckled, pulling keys out of his pocket.  “I got no idea where I’m going.  Just figured I’d drive around and see what’s what.”
Wayne’s mouth wobbled slightly and looked more nervous than he had before.  “No.  My wife...she hears things.”
Wayne’s face lit up.  “The boy!”
The three looked across the street, all eyes focused on the serene, shady entrance.
“I don’t think so,” Dean panted, holding a stitch in his side.
Sam sighed, his head dropping back.  “I don’t want a gift.”  Dean had helped him so much.  He helped him through school.  He’d helped him his whole life.  From changing his freaking diapers to walking him to school, making dinners, helping him with homework, ALL the money he’d given him while in college, furniture for their first apartment!  Dean gave all the time.
“Look for tea!” Cas said, opening a cabinet.
“No, I don’t think he is,” Castiel said aloud, not really meaning to.  Everyone but Charlie and Chuck looked at him.  Gabe with one arched eyebrow.  “I just mean...” per usual, Castiel wished he hadn’t said anything, “Gabe doesn’t exaggerate.  And I really don’t think he’d care if...”
Sam glanced toward the steps.  “You two didn’t...”
Dean and Cas both looked mildly surprised at that.  “Does he live on Lily Dale Lane?” Cas asked.
“He obviously thinks you’re quite handsome,” Cas admitted.
“How...why don’t people know?” Sam asked.  “If monsters are real, why don’t we know about them?”
Bobby turned, his gun now pointing at Mahoney, seeing Wayne as little threat.  “Everybody knows nurses are the real masterminds.  Not the doctors.  Specially not you, Doc Kevorkian.”
“Too soon?” Cas amended, rubbing the rough knuckles across his lips, trying to hide his disappointment.
“I am.” Dean smiled a little more, pulling him back down, his arm wrapped around him.  “Been thinkin’.”
Castiel grinned.  “Is Stanford near the beach?”
“Gross!  Get a room!” Gabe yelled, passing the laundry room on his way upstairs, snickering.
Cas chuckled.  “It does?”
Sam, looking as stunned as Dean, repeated her words with shock.  “You know?”
Dean shook his head, completely ignoring the waiter’s return.  His gruff anger softened, and he shrugged his shoulders a little.  “There’s nothing wrong with local food.”
Castiel grinned into his covers.
“What happened?” Sam asked, laying a hand on his shoulder, knowing something was wrong.
“I sure do miss Goldy,” Marion said sadly, giving her friend Sheila a sad smile.
And like magic, a look of understanding settled onto Cas’ handsome face.  One hand left his hip and cupped his cheek, his thumb sliding along his bottom lip as his eyes tracked the movement.  “How about we stay somewhere far away.”  His eyes lifted to meet his, one corner of his mouth lifting in a teasingly, flirty grin.  “Like the moon.”
Sam shrugged.  “They’re weird.”
Sam moved his leg and Gabe could finally work one foot out of the merciless tangle of shorts.  His knee crested the top of the bed and he sank back onto Sam’s hand, hard.  “Saaaaam!”
“Like Fred?” Mahoney grinned.
From the vantage spot on the top step, Sam could see Maggie Stark come out of Sue’s house, saying hi to the kids as they turned to walk along the house and into the backyard.  Before Maggie got into her car, Sue came out and the pair had a quick conversation.  The way they stood so close and looked from Maggie’s house and then toward theirs, made the entire exchange look quite conspiratorial.
“OOHH!” Gabe and Sam yelled.  Dean only grinned.
Their attention was snagged by the sounds of an argument coming from the Stark’s huge home.  Maggie came out the front door and opened her car, retrieving a bottle.  She marched over to a brick pillar near the front porch that had a bust of Don Stark on it and she began spraying the flowers around it.
“Oh my.”
Jody nodded slowly.  “Your sister was killing people.  She had already turned two people into wolves.  Brandy, there was no avoiding what I did.”
“Something is hinky in Crazytown,” Gabe swore.
“Oh my God,” Castiel huffed, his hips rocking into the stroke.
Castiel nodded.  “C-Congratulations, by the way.  On graduating.”
“Get us outta here, Chuck,” Dean nodded, leaning against Castiel.
Sam furrowed his brow.  “You sure?  He’s gonna kick you out and make you sleep on the floor.”
“What?” Dean said in shock.
“We have evidence,” Sam boasted, starting to worry about their safety.  Even though they were matched in numbers, they were in the Carrigan’s turf.  It was then that he noticed the first slinking form just outside the living room doorway, out of everyone’s eye-line but him and Gabe (who’d yet to notice).  Donna was here with a SWAT team, getting silently and discreetly into position.  Sam cleared his throat again.  “It all started when Gary Frieling was killed.”
“Oh, did she?” Cas asked incredulously, shaking his head.
Sam and Gabe ran for Sam’s car and took off.
“Figure my way out of what?” Dean asked.
Gabe kissed him again.  “I gotta go.  I promised Marion and Imelda that I’d be there for breakfast.”
“And guests,” Gabe pouted.
“So!” She hopped up, off her box and pulled her phone out.  “We got some weed killer and spray paint-“
Castiel turned a wide-eyed look at Dean.  Why had he shut the door?  What was he going to say?  Or...do?
“You watch your language,” his mom snapped, already at wits end.
“Yeah.  My buddy Cain retired.  Only skipper out there I really trust.  Besides, figured it was time to settle the hell down.  These thirty-year-old knees aren’t what they used to be.”
The house was big with its own yard on all sides.  It was brick with sharp, new corners and clean, perfect windows.  Not something he was used to or familiar with.  But this is what he had wanted, right?  To get out a little.  Live a little.  See more than the six blocks that seemed to be his whole world.
“Is tea a big thing around here?” Dean asked.
He grinned, gripping Dean’s hand tighter at his chest as he felt him kiss the back of his neck.  Sleep took them both.
“To what end?” Cas asked, frowning.
“Dude.”  Dean stopped toying with the fringe of a lamp shade to stare at him.  “You weren’t exaggerating!  Dry!  And the gravy was so salty that I’m fucking parched!”
“They don’t have phones?” Dean bantered.
“No pressure, Dean,” he assured him.  “I just want you to know.”
“Hello?”
“So...you’re thinking about moving here?” Dean asked, no trace of teasing in his voice.
Dean stared at the ceiling but he could feel Cas’ eyes on him.  Was he waiting for something?  Should he come to bed naked?  That might prompt a change in this odd routine.  Why was it that they kissed so passionately and then at night...nothing!  He sighed heavily, feeling his irritation grow.  He was going to have to say something.
“Hey,” Dean grinned, devastatingly charming as he so easily was.
“Aren’t you two cute?” Gabe smirked.  He was standing at the front door in his blue maintenance uniform, hands on his hips.
Dean parked, everyone getting out of the car.  Everyone loaded themselves with chairs, bags, towels, and the cooler, heading down to get a good spot.
“You know you are more than a ‘Smitty’.  The only person who defines you, is you.”
“Alright, alright.  No need to get mushy.”
Bobby’s eyes jumped back to Sam’s house before settling on the brothers again.  “Yeah.  She was...a realtor, I think.”
“Tea time?” Cas asked, looking up in confusion.
The next thing he knew, a firm grip to his inner thigh woke him with a jolt.
The front door opened and thudded closed.  He looked up to see Sam rushing in, arms full of bags.  “I woulda been here ten minutes ago but I ran into a Mark somebody who heard from Justin we were new in town and...I kinda lost track of how exactly they knew about me already.  Cas!  You’re here!”  Sam hugged Cas as the pair fell into easy conversation.
“‘S a long damn walk.”
“Don’t even finish that sentence,” Dean snapped, Sam looking down.  “I’ve been there, Sam.  That’s just not how this works.  And he’s damn lucky to have you.  And he knows it.  It’s why he’s freaking out, Sam.”
Dean gave the phone a bitchface, ending the call.  “Crowley brought me something.”
“Come on, we’re gonna lose the others.”
“This guy,” Cas reached around Dean, pointing to a man squatting beside him, “was one of the doctors I worked with at the little hospital there.  He always called Gabe ‘Little Gobo.’”
She stepped back, letting them inside.  An instrumental version of ‘Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas’ played, making Sam’s skin crawl.  As the door shut behind his back, he wondered just how brilliant this damn plan was.
Dean grinned, shifting his shirt into place.  “Can’t think of much else to show you, Cas.  I’d say you’re ready.”
Dean gave him a deadpan look, but Castiel knew he had him provoked.  Huh.  Teacher, prepare to get taught.
That morning, before anyone left, Castiel told them all that he was gay.  Like the friends he knew they were, they only had support to share.
“I figured you saw the cop cars,” Gabe added, confused by the surprise in Bobby’s voice.
“Then we went to Harrington’s and found out about Gary!”
Castiel stifled a laugh at that.  “No.  I won’t be.”
“Deb is banging that PJ guy!”
“Kris Kringle bastards,” Sam growled, cutting Dean’s second hand loose.
They both panted through several after-waves of ecstasy before Cas pulled out and collapsed next to him.  They lay for several deescalating moments, blinking up at the ceiling covered in little glow-in-the-dark stars.
“Shit!  I totally forgot!”  Dean sat back, annoyed with himself.
“Any word on Kat?” Cas asked quietly.
“Moving where?” Castiel asked.  This was the first he had heard about it.
Castiel narrowed his eyes.  Luc was a year older than him, but had flunked into his grade.  There had been a time or two when he thought Luc was pretty hot.  But his asinine behavior always turned him off.
“No,” Castiel blushed.  “I was just...hot.”
Sam looked as shocked as Dean felt.  “W-why?  What makes you think that?”
Dean laughed a half-strangled chortle.  “He’s new at camping.  It’s...a whole...thing.  But we’re busy.”
Dean frowned.  “What about him?”
Cas grinned.  “I do prefer you live a very long time.”
Dean just stared at him, his chest heaving steadily.
“Right.”  He rang up the gas and ice, taking a fifty from Dean.  He made change, double-checking the amount on the register since his brain had short-circuited along with his hands.
“Felt like it,” Dean admitted.  “Even Bobby said he never saw a nest that big.  But we got ‘em.”
They moved through the foyer, into a stuffy looking living room that had a large ‘70’s style floor model TV.  Furniture that looked like it was from the ‘50’s, and not a thing out of place.
Sam whacked Dean’s arm.  “Wendy Goodson owned the house we live in now.”
Luc shrugged.  “Next time.”
“Oh, we’re done with that shit,” Sam snapped.  “Everybody knows everything from here on out.  No more secret or fake relationships.  No more protecting Dad from what you don’t want people to see!  Or Mom!  OR ME!”
Dean didn’t hear the rest, but he was pretty sure it was something about rabbits.
“Oh no!  It’s pink!” Dean fretted, lining himself snuggly against Castiel’s backside under the hot spray of the shower, rubbing his cheeks vigorously.
Cas lay his head on Dean’s shoulder and sighed.  “This is awesome.”
“You gonna play me?” Dean asked, watching them go.
He gave Cas a frustrated glance.  Cas nodded at him solemnly.
“You guys aren’t like...officially dating, right?” Dean went on, still scowling.
“We better head back,” Castiel suggested.  “It’s getting late anyway.  The moms are going to want dinner.”
“She always seems so nice!” Sam laughed, quite familiar with Castiel’s tales of her odd behavior and blatant favoritism of Sam.
Sam gave him an angry, frustrated look.  “More secrets, Cas?  You better start talking.”
“Ten-four.”
“And?” Sam grinned.
“Yes!” Gabe choked out, swiping more tears away.
“Yeah.”  Dean nodded.  “Let’s do it.”
His thoughts were interrupted when Mrs. Whittaker came to the counter.  “Evening,” she said tightly.
Dean laughed, not used to such comments coming from Castiel.
Castiel ran across the street, inside the house and up the steps.  He barreled into his room, making Gabriel squeal.
Gabe sighed.  “If I go to jail, Sam and Cas are going to be pissed.  Sam, especially.”
“I’m goin’ in, in case anyone remembers why we’re all really here,” came Rufus’ voice.
“We are.  But I think I should dump her.  What do you think?”
Sam came down the porch steps with him, looking at the double grill.  “I didn’t order this.”
Castiel had to crack a smile at his relentless brother.  He took a deep breath.  “I’m gay.”
Gabe chuckled.  “He’s a bitch and he knows it.  Besides, it makes him so pissy when he hears it play!”
“That’s you, captain of the Bering Sea.  I’m freezing my ass off.”
Dean nodded, attempting to look impressed.
“Just let me,” Cas whispered, leaning down to kiss him. Dean hugged him tight.  “Sorry if I’m rushing things,” he whispered, keeping his eyes closed, not sure what else to say.
Crowley shrugged.
“Hello, Jack,” Castiel grinned.  “That’s great, Luc!”
Fletcher came inside, looking around with wide, curious eyes.  Gabe left as soon as they got home, leaving Sam to entertain him with a game of checkers at the kitchen table.  More than halfway through the game, Fletcher looked over his shoulder and smiled.
A frustrated look crossed Dean’s face before it dropped into a sadder frown.  “I’ve been staying at my dad’s.”
“Nice!” Sam said.  He couldn’t see any bruises on Fletcher or any signs of anything untoward.  Considering all he had on was swim trunks and flip flops, it was a reassuring sign.
Cas wanted to point out the fact that Dean’s best friend, besides those that lived here, was Crowley.  A witch.  And a powerful one.  And yes, they tracked him and kept an eye on him, but he was still extremely dangerous.  But he kept that point for himself for now.  No need to bring that up in front of these hunters.
Cas moaned at the strength of Dean’s grip on his bare hips as he turned him toward the headboard.  “I suggest you hang on,” Dean murmured into his ear, guiding one of Cas’ hands to the post and his other to the top edge of the headboard.
“What the fuck?” He said in a tiny voice.
“They’re sweet,” Deb laughed.  “Ed always plays Santa for the kids, and Madge does an excellent Mrs. Claus.”
“So, we’re giving up?” Dean asked softly.
“Sam, you bought this dude a freaking lion.  You’re going to be a great husband.  Just...think of Dad as learning what NOT to do with your life.”
Gabe laughed, glancing up at Sam as they went up the porch steps.
Cas pulled back an inch, his eyes searching Dean’s, a hesitant smile growing into a beaming grin.  “I think you like me, Dean Winchester.”
Everyone froze at the unexpected sound of the doorbell.
Dean’s eyes scanned the ceiling.  “Don’t...”
“Wow,” Dean said, so much more going on behind his playful smirk that he was, thankfully, not sharing with the group.
Sam laughed.  “I know, right?!  It doesn’t seem real!  Me!  It’s nuts!”
Dean shook his head looking almost bewildered.  “We gotta slow down.  I...”
Castiel blushed.  “No.  I’m...I’m trying to...”
She flashed a grin, the familiar grin she often wore like a mask, shaking her head so her ponytail swung merrily.  “It’s no problem!  Be back shortly to check on you!”  She turned away and was gone.
“What?”  He tried to shake himself to act more professionally, but damn!  He liked Imelda!  She was one of the crew!  One of his ‘Silver Swans’ he had dubbed them.
“I love you,” Dean grinned.  “So much.”
“Me too,” Charlie shrugged.
“Um,” Sam stammered.
“Not in my book, honey,” Ellen said, the blonde joining her.  Another woman walked in the door, sauntering straight for Jo’s side.  Her sleek brown hair, sharp eyes, and wide, devouring grin made all of them adjust in their seats slightly as she put her hands on her hips and eyed them.  Ellen tipped her chin toward the blonde.  “This is my daughter, Jo.  And this is Pam.  She runs the tattoo shop next door.  These are Bobby’s new crew.”
“Tell your boyfriend he’s gonna get evicted if he doesn’t quit freezing me out of the shower,” Sam snapped.
Things had gone wrong for Sam pretty much since he was born.  He was a baby when their mom died in a fire.  He was in second grade when their dad went to jail.  He was in seventh grade when their dad died in a car crash.  Growing up Winchester meant living on the road.  It meant getting yourself beat to hell if you fucked up.  And it wasn’t hard to fuck up.  It meant stolen Christmas presents, hopping schools, manning up, and in general - not getting what you wanted, let alone needed.  It meant social services, foster care, juvie, and hardening yourself to the world.  Because the world was ugly.  Harsh.  It would chew you up and spit you out.
They all took a seat around the table, but Dean kept looking around the bar to size up the people.  A woman that looked like she could chew you up and spit you out came out from a back door, sliding a tray onto the bar.
“You guys gotta come home,” Dean said against his hair.
The familiar rumble of an engine broke through the moment.  Castiel turned, watching as a shiny black Impala pulled up next to their car.
“Hey guys!” Sam grinned.
The Scooby gang is about to get some major pieces of information.  Dean takes the lead and unleashes a new layer to their situation that he could have never guessed was coming.
“The one to Stanford,” they both answered.
“Well!” Rufus grinned, stepping off of his porch.  “What took ya so long?”
“Dean,” Sam sighed.
“Should I call Donna?” He asked just before Dean could end the call.
He put both items into his backpack, zipping it shut.  He tossed the plain black backpack into his closet and headed downstairs.
Castiel shut his eyes, breathing.  He had to breathe, or Dean would stop.  He relaxed his body, taking the touch he craved day and night.
Donna nodded, writing quickly.
They all nodded agreement, heading for the car.  Castiel rode in back, Gabe stretched out with his head on Castiel’s lap.
Just as he had regulated his breathing, feeling the firm muscles that were relaxed beneath his warm skin, Dean turned over toward him.
“What?” Dean groused.  “Spill it.”
“Hey, Donna!” Gabe greeted, as if they were standing in the grocery store.
Sam yanked his boxers down.  The jostling had Gabe’s eyes open, watching his husband.  He was wearing boxers of his own and nothing else, hair falling into his eyes, but Gabe could still see the firm set to Sam’s jaw.  Ohhhh, that was his Sammy’s tell.  He was gonna get fucked.  Hard.
Dean’s brow knit.  “My girlfriend?”
“Yeah,” Sully said sadly.  “I just wanted to make sure you two were okay.  If you need to talk, I’m always here.”
“I really hate this town,” Dean muttered.
Dean chuckled.  Okay, she definitely had an unfounded grudge against Cas.  Cas was ALWAYS polite.
“So far, I’m in,” Dean winked, heading into the dining room.  The table was set with a white cloth and china dishes.
“No, I’m not,” Dean scoffed.
“Stubborn ass,” Castiel and Sam said, exchanging an exasperated grin.  Sam followed Gabe through the crowd.
Dean slumped down onto the couch.  He smiled as Cas covered him up.  “You gonna tuck me in?”
Cas nodded, swallowing.  “We played it off fine so far.”
“I got your message this morning.  About Brandy.”
Sam had to hide his shock when even Baby in a parade was not enough to entice a grin from Dean.  He simply stared at her, huffed a laugh, and shook his head in disbelief.
“He’s a hugger!” Gabe managed, patting the man’s back.
“What exactly was this medication called?” Donna asked slowly.
Everyone sat up as the bottle got passed around.  Castiel barely took a sip, passing it to Jo.
Dean shoved him a step with a laugh, pushing him on the back.  While Castiel grinned at the contact, he changed gears quicker than Dean, jumping to snatch the frisbee again.
“The town birthday party!” Rufus said, eyes going wide with an honest-to-God smile.
Chuck and Sam came back into the basement, arguing about one of the characters on the show.
Castiel enjoyed his new job.  There was a lot to learn.  And the hours were all over the place the first week, so he could work each shift.
******************************************************************
The feeling stayed with him through the last weekend of summer and through his first few days of his senior year.  Classes started, new routines in place, he was feeling much more independent.
“We’re all in trouble,” Sam began explaining.  “Dr. Mahoney is a very dangerous man.  And the Carrigans.”
***************************************************
Castiel sat, closing the door.  The car smelled of cigarettes and pine.  And something sour.  He turned to the backseat.  It was littered with food wrappers and clothes.  But what really caught his attention was the baby seat.
“This property was my daddy’s land.  I grew up right here in this house.”  His eyes skirted along the ceiling before staring into his kitchen.  “He was a hard man, my daddy.  Liked to knock me around for any little thing.  My mother too.”
“Sadly, their son.  High school age.  He came so close to graduating.”
“Wait,” Dean smirked, “Nicky the mermaid is getting married?”
Castiel turned to look at him with a frown.  “That’s easy for you to say.  What am I gonna say?  I met some guy at the beach and we made out in the bathroom?”
Castiel grinned, dropping his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
“What?” Dean yelled.
“But...he could be just inviting me out as a friend,” Dean countered, seriously not wanting to handle the night wrong.
Dean’s brows jumped.  “That’s mistress Olivia,” Dean said under his breath to Cas.
Sam shrugged.  He kept talking to Chuck about saving for a car.
She walked over to him.  From the looks of their conversation, she wasn’t getting very far.
Father Murphy sniffled slightly, his eyes going anywhere but to his or Dean’s.  “When I came to town to meet Cathy all those years ago...when I...killed her...I had no idea we had children.  She never told me.”
“We have a paper trail on that too,” Sam assured.
“Oh, my goodness me!” Madge exclaimed.  “Someone owes a nickel to the swear jar.  Do you know what I say when I feel like swearing?  Fudge.”
Sue Friend came walking toward them, exchanging a terse hello on her way up the driveway, joining Maggie.
“Gabriel!” Sam snapped with an extremely rare authority, making everyone stop and look at him.  “Stop talking.  Right now.”
“Well, I never!  If we cannot remain civil, then you can skedaddle!”
***************************************************
“Sam!” Gabe yelled, hugging him.  “I was so worried.  Bobby called and he couldn’t get ahold of you!  We thought they were killing you with tea!  Is that blood?  Are you bleeding?!”
Sam being the last one to join them, seemed to break the silence that had them milling around without talking.
Feeling a little emboldened with their numbers improving (the five of them to the three fruitcakes, one gun on each side), Sam stood up, joining Gabe in front of an armchair.  Bobby stood in front of them with Wayne only several feet away.  Madge sat in a chair just inside the doorway, Ed behind her, his knife being put away, since it was a gunfight at this point.
“I think we need to talk to the others before we make any kind of decisions,” Cas jumped in before the two men got into an argument that had no answers.
And dangerous.
“Let’s go see what Sam and Gabe are up to,” Dean offered, needing some vertical activity after all their horizontal doings the past two days.
“Lotsa jailbirds in here today,” Dean grinned.
“I have to say, I was not expecting you to...return,” Wayne said smoothly, holding the small pistol with a weak grip and limp wrist that told Sam the man was not too familiar with handling a gun and therefore, might not use it as readily as he appeared.
“I’ll get him sorted out, Stanley,” Gabe said, encouraging Joe to sit on the chair in the corner.  He picked up the pants, holding them out.  “Joe, you’d have to eat fifty breakfasts this morning to fit in these bad boys!”
Officer Kontos was not joking around either.
“Yeah,” he answered automatically, immediately frowning.
“You do,” Cas grinned, reaching for Dean’s shoulder, plucking an imaginary crumb.  “There, that’s better.”
“Yet,” Dean snapped just as assuredly.
Cas, still frowning, looking utterly lost, reasoned, “So, she’s not the killer.  What is she?”
“Who are you calling at 6am?” Dean grumbled, pulling a carton of eggs from the fridge.
“Oh,” Dean nodded, but Castiel had no idea why that would matter.
Cas stared at him, his mouth slightly agape.
Gabe kicked Bobby’s boot, jarring the man awake.  “You’re sleepin’ on the job, Lookie Lou.”
“Yep,” Sam and Chuck answered.
*******
“Over here,” Bobby pointed, looking thoroughly finished with his friend.
Fred was sitting in a wheelchair at a table near the bar.  He was staring up at the corner of the bar where a big TV hung.  Sitting at the table with him was Donna Hanscum, out of uniform, and a girl that looked too young to drink, especially in a bar like this, sitting next to her.
Sam closed the laptop, getting to his feet.
“Well, isn’t that nice!” Ms. Dowling nodded, humming lightly as she ate her dinner happily.
Gabe let him go with a sigh, the little guy falling against him only to drape right over top of him.
“Please don’t yell at him,” Castiel said, his head lifting as they turned down the gravel road he had not seen in years.  “We’re here.”
“You pissed at me, Cas?”  Dean asked, not even attempting to start the car.
He’d laughed, and laughed again now, at how they kept sliding.  Not to be undone, Sammy anchored hard and got the job very, very, very well done.
“Awesome.  I need some bacon.”
“Uh,” Cas punctuated the air, his entire body lighting up with want.
Castiel’s stomach clenched at the sight of his mom crying.  “Mom, it’s going to be okay.”  He sat next to her, trying his best to comfort her.  “I love this neighborhood.  All my friends are here.”
When Dean came out in a puff of steam, towel wrapped around his waist, Cas was sitting on the side of the bed, making no bones about the fact that he had watched him.  Dean stopped and stood between the foot of the bed and the dresser, debating on whether to put clothes on or not.  Cas jumped to his feet, still only in a towel.  He came in front of Dean, lightly grabbing his wrist to stop him from opening a drawer.
“And how would you describe Mrs. Golden?”
“Cindy said you needed a nail.”  He handed him two shiny nails.
They had argued the whole way home.  They argued the whole way up to their section of the house.  By the time they got up here, Cas went into their room, slammed the door shut and paced the room.  And Dean never came in.
Dean pulled up to The Roadhouse, putting Baby in park, sighing as the engine shut off.
Dean’s brow creased and Sam could kick himself for going here.  This was so not the time.  And his brother had done nothing but try to make their childhood memories better.  Sully had reminded him one time that choosing to remember the good was a choice to focus on the better, rather than dwell on the bad.
“See you then, Luc.”
“Cas, where’d you go yesterday?” Sam asked.  “Are you mad at me?”
“Yep.”
“I see the weed killer kicked in,” Cas noted.
“In an attack?” Cas asked.
“Is that tea?” Bobby asked.
“Yeah.  I got nothin’,” Dean shrugged.  “Place is kinda...”
“Ghosts, huh,” Bobby nodded, a frown bristling his mustache and beard.  “Sorry to hear that.”
“What message?” Dean demanded.  “They didn’t do anything to you!”
“You’re right,” Dean amended.  “I take that back.  Then we started heading back and figured out Cas couldn’t get into his room and the couch is...small, and he hated the air mattress, and, oh!  He bought a duvet.  Wait until ya see this thing.  It’s…you’re gonna want one.”
“Look,” Dean pulled his hand up, intertwining their fingers.  “It won’t kill ya.”
He wobbled a step to get by, steadied by Dean’s hand grabbing him.  Dean glared at the lot of players.  They wound their way between blankets until they were cutting between two vendor carts.
“Seriously, Gabe,” Sam shook his head, “you would fuck a hole in the wall.”
“Eh, in case Melanie is out or something.  Figured I’d make sure you were set for breakfast.”
He and Cas on the open road, jamming to music, eating anything and everything, staying in cheap motels, taking pictures in front of a giant ball of yarn, souvenir shops, and sightseeing.
Gabe and Cas exchanged a look.  Some days Sheila could remember their right names, but this must not be one of those days.
“Oh, Gabriel!  What happened?  That nasty Wayne Whittaker is up to something!”
Dean frowned in curiosity.  “Damn, Padre.  You didn’t look this nervous when you showed up here with your saint squad to box up Lucifer.”
They arrived late enough to check in and early enough to hit the beach that evening.
“How does she perch on the railing like that?” Dean chuckled.
“Dude.  That’s your brother’s ringtone?  That’s cold!” Dean laughed.
“Did that, did Luc give you anything, Cas?”
“What the hell?” Dean barked.
“No,” Gabe shook his head.  “That reference is totally off.  For one, she gave the guy her number.”
“The residents really seem to like you,” Wayne grinned.
Gabe handed Cas several pieces of paper.  “It’s all there.  He dropped all his charges and Donna had all Kontos’ charges dropped.  Charlie and I just have to sign these forms and the whole thing is over.”
Dean stared at him with a frozen half grin.
“Oh, my goodness!” Garth exclaimed.
Deb stepped closer to Gabe.  “They’re getting counseling.  There’s no way that marriage is going to last.”  She gave them a polite grin before heading over to the food table.
Gabe and Sam pulled the bed out, putting Lord of the Rings on mute on the TV.
Dean gaped.  Why was everything Cas did so fucking hot?  “You speak Japanese?”
“Take the next exit and hang a left.  At the red light, go straight through and you’ll see The Roadhouse on your left.”
Cas ended the call, looking at Dean.
“Thought you were just gonna lay back and let me have my way with you, Gabriel,” Sam teased.
Castiel blinked, still weighing just how hard that had been.
Chills followed the slow sweep of Dean’s hand down his back.  He gasped softly when Dean slid his hand beneath his waistband, smiling at the smile he felt on Dean’s lips.
“Perfect,” Dean repeated.
Dean melted at the warm grin from Cas.  For an astounding moment, it felt like just the two of them were alone.  It had happened earlier in the kitchen at Sam’s too.  And both times a zip of giddiness filled his system.  He’d like to know a whole lot more about this guy.  And then his sparkling blue eyes were on Bobby.
“Nonsense.  I made you a mess.  Now, I’m just cleaning up.”
Sam just shook his head, grinning at him.
They were barely a mile from the lake before Cas fell asleep against the door in the front seat.
“Morning,” everyone called.
“No,” Dean said, taking his first sip of coffee.  “Cas swears if he hadn’t come in to work this morning that Fred would be drooling by tomorrow and dead by Tuesday.”
“That’s just it.  I’m not really willing to go.  I want to stay here.  My whole family is here.”
“I think Sam will be glad to hear about my talk.”
“Gabe, calm down.” Sam took his hands, kissing them.
Dean got up, escorting Garth and Sully to the sofa before either of them passed out, perching on the armrest next to Cas.
Dean glanced over at Gabe, who sat listening to Garth and Bess with a slight look of disdain on his face.
Cas took her pulse.  It had been sluggish when he first took it, but now it was racing and irregular.  “What did he give you?” Cas asked desperately.
“She sounds horrible,” Gabe said, staring at his brother.  “You don’t have to stay there.  I just figured it was close.”
Brandy crossed her arms over her chest, not looking at her.  “I know.”
She was wearing tight black shorts and a red shirt that tied above her bellybutton.
Luc nodded.  “Stop over any time.”
“I would,” he smiled back.  “He’s a really good baby.”
“They just showed up!  What’d ya want me to do?  Knock on the door?” Bobby groused.
“You gonna wear that to the picnic?”
Dean, the last to join them, came into the kitchen with his nose leading him immediately to the table.  “What’s that?  Who was baking?”
He was going to make damn sure of it.
“Dean!  Castiel!” Garth grinned, hugging Cas before he could even decline it, making his eyes go wide.  “Good to see you!”  He turned, hugging Dean, who patted his back with a pained grin.
“Do ya have any ones?  I mean aces?” Fred said.
“Stop getting comfortable!” Wayne yelled, his gun shaking a bit.
“Now we’re talking!” Gabe snorted.
“Cas’ll be here in a minute.”
“Two smalls and a vanilla shake,” Sonny grinned, sitting two single scoops of birthday cake flavored ice cream in front of the kids and a tall vanilla shake in front of Sam.
“You’re cold!” Cas grumbled.
“That could be it!” Cas exclaimed.  “It has to be!”
*****
Dean’s eyes went wide.  “Oh shit.”
Dean didn’t ask.  He had a really happy bubble right now that he preferred not to burst.
“Hello, Dean!”  Crowley grinned smugly.  “What brings you off the reservation on a beautiful day like this?  Miss me?”
All four of them chuckled at that.  “Talk about twisted morals!” Gabe laughed.  “They think Maddie has imaginary friends now, wait until she realizes the ‘brothers’ down the road are married!”
“Alright,” Dean interjected, giving Melanie a ‘calm down’ look, then eyeing Sam with a chill-the-fuck-out glare.
“Gabe, nervous?  I don’t think I’ve seen him nervous since the wedding.”
“So, you brought Cas here?”  He glanced around the room, wincing slightly.  “And Gabe!”
Special, warmest, fuzziest, never ending thank you to Shellz!  You make it all sparkle and shine!
Sam smirked.  “Weird.”
“And what the hell is Lurky doing here?”  Gabe asked, turning to Sam.
“Kissing you.  I usually get what I want when I kiss you.”
Gabe nodded.
Castiel sat back.  “Shit.”
Something shifted in Chip’s smug face.
Cas nodded conspiratorially.
Cas shrugged.
“Morning,” Dean said, surprising him from behind.
He was on the porch and through the living room without another thought.  He was thinking too much and that’s how he screwed things up.  Just fucking go for it.  All signs pointed to go, and all lights were green.  He was in so fucking deep that he found himself standing in the kitchen looking at both brothers with a little confusion to how he had gotten there and what he was supposed to do.
“Alright, alright,” Dean soothed, pulling him into his chest to hug him and kiss him.  “Let’s take this down a notch.  We can’t both be mad.  The guy might actually lose a head if we team up angry.”  He kissed Cas, grinning.  “You let me do angry.”
*************************************
“Right...” Castiel barely managed.
Castiel was still stuck on the word ‘girlfriend’.  Dean had a girlfriend.  He knew this was all temporary, whatever it was they had, but...he had a girlfriend?
After dropping Fletcher off at home, assuring Cindy and Justin that Fletcher had been an angel all weekend, they began walking toward Prosperity Drive.  Sam figured they might as well question Jimmy Tomorrow from the pawn shop since the Carrigans were still at home.  They heard knocking and looked up at the Dowling boarding house.  Ms. Dowling was waving to them (or maybe just Sam), dust cloth in hand and smile a mile wide.
“You’re goin’ to jail, punk.  You’ve been stirring up trouble all over the place.”
“I am,” Cas grinned, kissing him on the mouth playfully, then again, and again, until playful turned to steamy.  Not until Dean was chasing after him with kisses did he get out of the bed.  He ran water until it was warm, then came to the bed and wiped Dean clean.  It was obvious no one had ever done this for him.  He tried to take the washcloth several times, Cas batting his hand away gently.
“I’m from Texas.  It’s illegal not to.”  They exchanged a quick grin and Dean could swear he had just fallen in love.
They exchanged a look before unbuckling their seatbelts and getting out.
“Oh yeah!”  Dean nodded.  “I forgot about that.  Some hidden cabin in the Pocono Mountains.”
“I know,” Sam agreed.
“Come on, Columbo!”
“Very well.  And you are -”
The living room flooded with SWAT team members in full black gear.  Sam had just enough time and thought to wrap an arm protectively around Gabe, pulling him back a step.  The pair wrapped their arms around each other as a quick desperate scuffle broke out.  Sully started crying, Garth’s eyes were big as tennis balls, Cas and Dean retreated down to the couch.  Sam snaked an arm out, blocking Bobby from the rushing officers, pulling him back against him and Gabe.  All of them stood in shock as Cindy and Justin were snagged immediately and thrust to the floor ruthlessly.  Mahoney raised a gun that was swatted away by the capable police, disarming him, and spinning him to fall onto the floor.  Stepping past them, another darted for Wayne, who raised his hands in fright, his gun falling out of his limp fingers.  It was kicked aside, another member stepping on it to keep it secure, their rifles swinging to and fro from one to the next.
Castiel shuddered hard when Dean trailed a few fingers down his side slowly.  “I know you think you can play this game...but I’m tellin’ you now you should probably...pull out.”
“I don’t know,” Sam muttered, pulling his hair back into a tiny ponytail.  “Add it to the list.”
“Murderer,” Dean supplied.
Sam’s back door opened onto a low deck.  So far, the only things on it were a long wooden bench that came with the house and the grill he had gotten them.  The tags were still on it, but he knew Sam would love grilling.
He’d worked and slept alongside deck mates that were hot and not interested in men, hot and very interested in him, and never had he felt as confused as he did right now.  What was Cas doing?
“Dean.”
Dean sat up, turning and laying him on the cushion.  He pulled up, grabbing lube and coating his hand quickly.
Dean had to admit, he was relieved too.  Freaking Crowley.  An unending mix of bad and good.
“So good,” Cas panted, taking Dean’s entire length.  Dean stopped, rubbing his balls into Cas’, making them both moan.
“She disappeared after questioning Castiel.  That’s why it took me so long to get here.”
“You’re killing people and stealing their jewels, aren’t you?  How many people did you kill?” Sam went on, leaning away from Ed.
Castiel stemmed his anger.  “I will not leave here without you.  Dean...I overreacted.  The secrecy is killing me.”  His head dropped, not wanting to put more pressure on Dean.  “Everyone at home knows everything.  Like Sam said, no more secrets.  And... I care about you too much to hide it much longer.”
Sam shrugged. “I’m gonna mow.  Other than that, nothing.”
“Yes.  It’s special, so he keeps it hoarded in his office.  Oh!  Is that what Castiel was after?”
“Oh yeah,” Sam blinked.  “Well then, let’s get busy.”
They weren’t even to the elevator when Benny whistled loudly, catching their attention.  “Cas!  You got a visitor!”
“My brother.  My pain in the ass brother.  The boyfriend of my friend, Dean.”  He smiled patiently.
“Son of a bitch!” Gabe sat back in shock.  “I told you my silver swans weren’t batty old ladies!  That bastard is in on making money off the jewelry?”
“She’s at the front door,” Sam whispered, patting Dean and Cas in quick staccato, all three of them scrambling for the back door, hearing Bobby knock again.
“We held hands,” Dean went on, losing his steam, his baffled look stuttering into an increasingly embarrassed smile.  “I suck at making moves.”
“Whose car is that?” Sam asked.
“Nothing!”
“Yeah.  Ed says it’s the water.”
“Son of a bitch!” Cas pounded a hand on the table.  “How many times am I going to have to go to jail for you Gabriel?”
“Hot damn!  We got us some real cowboys!” Pam laughed heartily.
Dean nodded as Sam exchanged a look with Cas.  “I thought you two were the party animals.  Cas and I are the quiet ones!”
Dean bristled immediately.
Baffled, curious, heart sick, and frustrated, Sam took a sip of the milkshake.  He was learning to associate the taste of vanilla with all these feelings Charming Acres gave him on a daily basis.  He frowned into his shake as he mulled the last few minutes over in his head.  Sonny had gone from happy to ‘that’ abruptly.  She had made comments about Jimmy and Wayne.  She had been frosty to Nellie Whittaker in the past, according to Dean, and she had admitted that her own father was less than honorable as the mayor.  Chip was dirty.  Jimmy was dirty.  But Wayne?  Again with people seeing something more in him than a batty old man who thought aliens were real.  He needed to dig into the Whittakers.
“Okay, not always.  But often.  Jealousy can be a scary thing.”
I just wanted to take a moment to thank all of you for reading this crazy tale, for throwing all your ideas out there, and for bringing a smile to my face!  You guys are amazing<3
Cas nodded, keeping Dean a little closer than necessary as they entered the soda shoppe.  The pair exchanged another look as the same doo-whop music from the Dowling House met their ears.  The soda shoppe was bright and cheerful with pale yellow walls, black and white checkered floors, and red booths.
Dean glanced at it, Sam following his gaze, giving the crusty, shriveled, brown twigs a quizzical look.  “Told ya,” Dean said over his shoulder to Cas.  He looked over his other shoulder at Sam.  “Maggie and Don were arguing when Cas and I walked by the other night.  She came out here and sprayed weed killer on his altar to himself.”
Balthazar’s hands flew up in surrender.  “I came in peace, I swear.”
“Nothin’!” Dean yelled.
He damn-near locked up entirely when those green eyes settled on him with more warmth than he’d seen in years.  Castiel’s mouth had gone dry.  “He’d do the same for me.”
Cas nodded.  “I think you’re right.”
Dean laughed.  “Seriously, what do you want?”
Castiel smirked back, following Dean to the hood of the car.  Dean stepped over a low log fence, sitting on the top log, looking out at a wide expanse of northern woodlands with giant mountain peaks in the distance.  “It’s beautiful here.”
“You told him if he goes to jail, the wedding is off.”
Dean stood up from the open hood of their family car.  Dean was two years older than Sam.  Only one year older than himself.  But he seemed so much older than the rest of them.
“So, it’s actually a good thing,” Sam said more sharply than he meant to.
Dean’s shock was comical, Castiel dissolving into laughter.
“Cute kids,” Dean grinned, eating the last of his ice cream in such a big bite that Sam watched with amusement as Dean soon began wincing with brain-freeze.  He glanced at Cas who was smiling at his antics, Sam shaking his head in mock annoyance.
